<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,NA,223,265,2,4,2>The mangonada, literally "mango nothing", is mango, chili powder and chermoya syrup  frozen into a cup.  Finished with fresh lime when you order.  Other flavors are available including melon. They also have a variety of fresh fruit cups, aqua frescas, ice cream, etc.All things deliciously fresh and frozen.  Also some non-frozen nacho-like treats.  Have yet to try the apple covered in tamarind paste and chili.Super nice and friendly staff.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2014,11/25/2014,39,113,1,5,4>All the meat you'll ever need! I'm not a huge meat-eater, but occasionally like to buy some specialty items for certain dishes. Recently, I was pleased to find smoked turkey wings there (chopped into manageable pieces) for making collard greens. Unlike other Hamtramck groceries, their ice cream is as it should be, not half-melted and covered in ice chunks. They have a nice selection of bakery items (poppy seed danish is soooo good) and a super cheap hot food bar with all your Polish standards. There is an entire aisle filled with sauerkraut and pickles, and they have like 50 flavors of kefir. There's a good selection of Polish and German beers, and the produce department covers all the basics. If you see the peanut Lion candy bar in the check out, BUY IT. Best candy bar ever.There is one downside to Bozek which other folks have mentioned: items can sit on the shelves past their expiration dates. I once bought a bag of Polish Cheeto-like things, which were completely rancid. Who knew even processed snack foods go bad?
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,11/24/2014,151,367,1,9,5>Yes!!!  Finally a good, no actually, great burger at one of these quasi-fast food type burger places. (I'm looking at you Five Guys and Burgerz!)  This place actually serves up an amazing burger worthy of the name.  I've been here a handful of times and I have yet to be disappointed.  I typically go for the Southwest burger, with a corn salsa and avocados; or the Down Under, with onion straws.  There is also an option to build your own burger with a huge list of options.  All burgers come with two patties on a rich brioche bun.  There are also chicken and veggie options.  I'm also a fan of their sides.  The onion straws are good but my favorite are the fried green beans which are served with a chipotle ranch dipping sauce.  I also can vouch for the sweet potato fries -- those are super tasty as well.  The place also has a beer license, so you can enjoy a brew with your burger if you want.  Service here is always excellent.  All the staff and management I have encountered here have been super friendly, helpful and always making sure we are enjoying our meals.  Its a nice change compared to other quasi-fast food burger joints in the area.  Finally, make sure to get their emails.  They don't send that many (so your inbox won't get inundated with junk) but when they do its for something good like a BOGO burger deal or a free side.  Do it!  You can't argue with free!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/23/2014,153,110,6,7,10>Most people are either fans of Hunter House or they aren't. I never met anyone in between. It's kind of like, are you a slider person or a hamburger person?Me, I'm a slider guy. If a restaurant I've never been to has sliders on their menu, I will order to try them. Especially when I'm out of town. I'd guess I've tried at least 50 different sliders so far.I. LOVE. SLIDERS.I. LOVE. HUNTER HOUSE.Maybe it's because I've been going to Hunter House since I was little. Or because my Grandpa used to take me here weekly as a kid for our get together. Or because they have Mr. Pibb as a drink (after they switched to Coke from Pepsi, something I'm still not entirely happy about). Or those dang tasty cheese fries (with nacho cheese... yes a mini heart attack when you add them with four sliders, I know). It could possibly be the tiny building, vintage and located on Woodward with record setting amounts of food consumed by small children taped with names of patrons on the back wall.Whatever it is, something always draws me back. Time after time. I live nearby and walk here on occasion, grab the order "to-go" which really equates to: eat sliders while pushing children in stroller.When we have guests in town, I take my buddies here. Dream Cruise? Oh you better believe I'm grabbing my sack of six sliders and enjoying them with my roadie while checking out the cars during a weeknight before the chaotic weekend. It's never a bad day to grab some sliders from HH.These sliders are the best because of two reasons:1. They don't use a lot of meat, and the patty is thin. Key to a good slider is it's supposed to be a lightweight version of a hamburger.2. That grille has to be original, and you simply cannot replace the tastes from something that has had sliders grilling on it for decades. My favorite part? the great memories of eating here with my Grandpa.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,11/22/2014,24,93,4,6,6>Nice Modern Creamery is located inside the Biggby coffee on the northwest corner of 13 and John R. They are the only liquid nitrogen ice cream place in Michigan.  My friend and I went yesterday with our kids and we all loved it!  The kids loved watching the ice cream being made.   I got the chocolate truffle, my friend got the vanilla with espresso, and we also had a plain vanilla.  Everything was fresh, made to order, and delicious.  The guy working their was great and helpful.  The prices are $3.95 for a small, 4.95 for a medium, and 5.95 for a large.  So, they are super reasonable.  Try it out!  I will be back to try some more.   I think I will try the salted caramel next time.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,11/21/2014,54,116,2,10,8>Hands down, my favorite place in metro Detroit.  Marais is not just a place to eat - it's an experience.  Several years back, I had the opportunity to eat at Per Se in NYC and have been haunted ever since.  I am pleased to say that Marais succeeds in being a "metro Detroit" version of that experience.  The price is not cheap but it's extremely acceptable considering what you get... and the fact that I don't have to get on a plane or go out of state to get it.I chose the chef's tasting menu, which is my version of "put on your seatbelts and go for a ride".  During the onslaught of flavor that followed through the course, I discovered I could probably eat the amuse bouche by the bucket,  I tried my first taste of frog legs, and tasted a variety of interesting flavors.  The only drawback to Marais is that they do not list an online menu.  This is disappointing as a new and exciting menu such as theirs could easily entice me to spend a good portion of money I should not there at a rate I would be ashamed of.  I will be back none the less, I am just one for "planning" and prefer to plan my choices ahead of time.  I'm very excited that Marais has brought it's talent and offerings to metro Detroit, especially the east side of town (a desert of fine dining compared to Ann Arbor or Oakland county) - it's been needed.   Please stay... and stay true to what I'm assuming the owners vision of this place is.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2014,11/20/2014,28,109,3,6,5>Much improved food since the days of Shish Tawook! Came for a late lunch which started with pillowy little pitas, garlic sauce and some awesome middle eastern "salsa." Lunch specials start at $7.50 and come with choice of soup or salad and rice or fries. I tried the hummus and spinach pirate wrap with fresh spinach plus tomatoes and onions. Tasty but a bit skimpy on the hummus. The salad came out first and was huge. So was the pile of rice pilaf, almost as big as the sandwich and topped with lots of almonds. Service however is still an issue. My server Jessica was fantastic and made me feel very welcome. Everyone else pretty much ignored me though. Even so,I am glad they kept the fish tank and I will definitely be back with family and friends for another try!
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,11/19/2014,68,109,4,6,8>I am a fan!!Starting with their website; it is easy to navigate and they take online orders. Online ordering is a plus when you work in a busy office and get tied up on the phone quite frequently.The staff is friendly and very appreciative of your business. The appreciation shows in the care they take with getting your order correct. My orders have been 100% correct which is shocking when dealing with Chinese establishments locally. When ordering, we order $75-$100 worth of food as we order for an entire office, 3 times a week. Having local places get our orders accurate has been an issue; particularly with Chinese take-out. So kudos to them for that alone.I admit, I order pretty standard Chinese fare. I quit eating meat at Chinese restaurants due to many poor experiences (rubbery chicken, fatty, etc.). Obviously, this is a generalization but my choice was made a few weeks back. Veggies only! No matter where I place my Chinese food order. That said, I tend to order veggie fried rice on the regular. It is delicious here! Their rice has a good flavor and there are actually veggies within. Whoa! I didn't have to douse it in soy sauce. YAY!!My favorite here...the egg rolls. In fact, this place has by far the best egg rolls downriver; that I have tried thus far. I would go here for their egg rolls alone. So yeah, my order is a safe bet and nothing too fancy. In turn, my review doesn't provide the greatest detail. However, I feel their food is quality, veggies are fresh and plentiful, orders large, and egg rolls are out of this world (I had 2 last time!!!). The inside is quiet which is a little awkward. No music or anything. They are typically quite dead inside which is a bit shocking to me. But hey, some people like quiet. I personally do not. Anyhoo....this is another Jenee recommendation. Go taste for yourself. Oh, I almost forgot, they sell the cutest Buddha figurines within their display case at checkout. Only $3 if you are into that kind of thing ;-)
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2014,11/18/2014,202,393,4,7,6>Solid breakfast place!! It's right in the bottom of the Chrysler house with clearly visible signage. I made my own omelette with bell peppers, a little bit of cheese, and bacon. This came with some hash browns (they're actually some diced potatoes) and toast. The 2-egg omelette was fluffy and filling, the potatoes were delicious, but the toast and its jam were just okay. Not a biggie bc I'm not a fan of toast anyways. I also noticed my food is kinda salty, which I've found to be pretty consistent with everything else I've tried in the Midwest.My friend got some kind of Benedict, which came with a side salad, and she really liked both. She said the eggs were cooked to perfection!Great service, very attentive wait staff, and no issues wih wait time at all (everything came out in a timely manner). I'm glad to have discovered this place and can't wait to come back!
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2014,11/17/2014,9,78,4,5,6>i was finally able to order a cake from here and boy, was i not disappointed. i had never tried anything from here before but i heard the lemon cheesecake cupcake was the best ever, so i said what the heck and ordered my birthday cake from here. i ordered an 8 inch round cake with lemon cheesecake filling, with butter creme icing. the icing melts in your mouth! the cake was the best cake i have ever tasted. it was nice and soft, and the lemon curd wasn't too overpowering. the graham cracker crust crumbs on top were the perfect touch. i was weary about the cake going bad since they put the cakes in a box rather than plastic, but my cake stayed fresh the whole time i had it! when i picked up my cake the cashier was super nice, and i ordered two cupcakes while i was there. i got my boyfriend the oreo cupcake and he loved every bite! i opted for the lemon cheesecake and of course just like the cake, it was delicious.this will be my new place to order cakes from. the ingredients are fresh, and the service is great. you also get a lot for what you pay for. there was way more than enough cake for days and the 8 inch round is only $35!
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,11/16/2014,31,56,5,6,6>Gravity's cuisine falls into a broad culinary category called Fancy American Melting Pot...actually I just made that up, but I kind of like it and it's rather fitting.  You'll find many of your favorite American dishes on the menu, kicked up several notches and boasting trademark characteristics of other cultures.I first went to Gravity about three years ago, and have been there many times since.  Gravity is my FAVORITE special occasion/evening out restaurant in the Detroit area.I've never ordered anything I didn't like at Gravity, but let me call out a few of my favorites:  Jumbo Lump Shrimp and Crab Cakes: these are generous on seafood AND flavor.  The lime risotto is a great compliment, and gently cuts the richness of the dish.  Fried Brussels:  so incredibly yummy.  Crispy on the outside, soft in the middle, and wonderfully flavored with bacon and goat cheese.  Thai Steamed Mussels:  I would like to take a bath in the sauce that these mussels come in, and then drink the bath water.  Is that gross?  Probably.  But the flavor of these little treasures is just amazing.  I've also had the perch, filet, scallops, salmon, duck, pasta, sea bass, etc.  Gravity adjusts its menu seasonally and offers nightly specials as well, so there is always something new to try!The service at Gravity is top notch.  For some reason, every time I come here I ask about the wines as if a) I've never been to Gravity before and b) I've never drank wine before.  Still, the staff remains patient and thorough with me, and helps me to select a nice wine even though they helped me select the exact same bottle 3 weeks prior.  I really appreciate how knowledgeable the servers are of the food, too.  You would think they had crafted the recipes themselves with the way they are able to give vivid detail of the plating and taste of the menu options.This is such a great restaurant--a MUST try!
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2014,11/15/2014,45,145,4,6,7>I've died and gone to pistachio heaven.  And it is everything I ever dreamed of (and prayed for) and more!  There are literally more kinds of Middle Eastern and French pastries and baked goods here than I could possibly count...and THAT is why Shatila is so wonderful!  They even have ice cream that is OUT OF THIS WORLD (with really neat flavors like pistachio and rosewater...and one special flavor that is a mix of the two)!  Their assortment is extensive, so there is something for everybody and every taste here!  Not only is there a LOT to choose from, but their goodies are the BEST around.  It is clear that they are good at what they do because it is always busy (even at 10:00 p.m.)...so busy that you have to take a number when you first walk in the door to be served.  Believe me, though, it is worth the wait (and they actually move quite quickly, so you shouldn't have to wait for long)!Then, the icing on the cake (pun intended...because they have RIDICULOUSLY gorgeous cakes here, like, so gorgeous you'll never want a plain old sheet cake again) is how CHEAP it is.  Gorgeous cakes for $15, HUGE trays of dozens upon dozens of baked goods for less than $30, I mean, how could you go wrong (answer: you can't)?!?!?Shatila is a MUST visit if you are ever anywhere near the Dearborn area.  It is a bit far from me but I still have to make the trip because it is SO worth it!
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2014,11/14/2014,94,292,5,8,9>I sampled their cannolis in Easten Market and fell in love with each bite. Then the gentleman mentioned they opened a store in Berkley. Now that you're even closer, that's dangerous for my caloric intake.What's special about their cannolis is that they are filled to order. This keeps the beautiful crunch of the shell and avoids any sogginess. You sacrifice seeing all the cannolis in a showcase, but aren't you willing to forego that for a better Cannoli. You bet. I've been in too many bake shops that have wonderful displays with stunning cannolis, but they are not perfectly fresh. That's why here you'll wait the extra three minutes for them to fill them while you wait. Don't miss out on this place or your chance of a great dessert. I had their double chocolate, traditional, and key lime. Wow, wow, wow. Salivating, crunch crunch, that's me devouring them all. Traditional was tried and true, double chocolate had a great chocolate chocolate greatness, and key lime was smooth and sweet.When I was there, they had recently opened the shop, so decorations and decor was at a minimum. It may have changed by now. However, it comes to this, I just want their cannolis.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,11/13/2014,52,55,5,7,6>I wish I could give this place 10 stars.. 10 stars for their awesome bartenders, 10 stars for the atmosphere, 10 stars for their food and 10 stars for the owners being laid back and personable. Word of mouth is how I ended up here and now my friends and I want to come here literally every Friday night. A little bit of advice: come here early, right around 10 it's packed and gets very hot. Uncomfortable? Not if you have a booth. We got here around 630 (perfect time) and this cute little old lady greeted us like a bouncer. Right away you have to show your ID, anyone underage gets bounced by the cute little old lady. We ordered signature drinks (I got the bees knees) and food. We got 2 choices: ribs or chicken? Of course we got both and it was so good! Like finger lickin good. Like I'll snap at you like a dog if you try and pick at my plate good. You get half a chicken and a nice slab of ribs.. But wait! There's more! You also get macaroni and cheese, greens, potato salad and green beans. It's like eating at my granny's bbq. Awesome! The bartender was very sweet and heavy handed. She had cotton candy flavored faygo and was experimenting different shots to make. Of course we were here test dummies and of course they were awesome. The fact the bar had cotton candy faygo made me love this gem even more. The atmosphere is awesome. There's always something to look at: pictures, newspaper clippings, art, pianos, yard sale stuff.. Everything. The entertainment were 2 guys rockin out everything from the Beatles to Katy perry. I love this place and you should too. Oh and it's a good place to spot celebrities. Waiting for you justin timberlake...
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2014,11/12/2014,10,110,5,12,6>Taking over the spot previously-occupied by Caribou Coffee, Tahini is a family-operated Middle Eastern restaurant. The skies were growing gray from the impending storm but the mood indoors was warm and sunny, a mood set by the welcoming owners.Tahini offers a variety of: salads; starters like hummus, garlic and yogurt dip; pita sandwiches; flatbreads; fresh-baked pizzas and Middle Eastern entrées in a fast-casual atmosphere. In addition, the refrigerated case offers yummy goodies, while shelves are loaded with meat, cheese, spinach and za'atar pitas and several tempting desserts. For lunch, I had the beef shawarma plate which was accompanied by a small salad and mezza, Mediterranean salad and baba ghanoush, respectively.The shawarma was nicely flavored on a large bed of rice.The baba ghanoush had a smoky flavor and nice texture while the salad was incredibly tasty. The latter two would have been perfect as entrées on their own, as delicious as they were.What stood out was the gracious staff/owner at this restaurant. They noted my curiosity and shared with me a sample of the za'atar pita and Tahini pesto, each of which had a distinctive and memorable flavor. I felt like an honored guest while enjoying the hospitality of this lovely family. I will definitely return.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2014,11/11/2014,29,146,9,8,6>In spending 2 hours here, I can already tell this is going to be one of those places frequented often.  By me that is.  Been waiting for a place to open like this (OEB notwithstanding) .  Brings a love of beer, interesting looking pub-like menu and, dare I say, a touch of class to the Royal Oak drinking scene that too often devolves into one college type bar after another.  (Note to Ale Mary's - if I even once see a "shot girl" carrying around neon test tubes filled with piss, we're done).  Great beer selection and friendly and knowledgeable service.  Samplers are a nice touch.  Outdoor seating too.  I'll be back to dig into the food offerings soon.  Rejoice, RO beer lovers.
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,11/10/2014,12,171,6,11,8>With the welcome addition of this taco stand in the rear of the store, the hipsterification of the former Parker Food is now complete. And as far as the gentrifying neighborhood of Midtown goes, Alley Taco has the American Mexican takeout food game on lock.  Sure, you'll find more authentic food down in Mexicantown, and even find it dirt cheap at Lupita's, but if you're in the Wayne State area and have that itch, Alley Taco will scratch it. It's definitely a better fit for Marcus than the pizza joint which I found to be hit and miss. I'll take it over downtown's Hot Taco, too.   The food here is more hit than miss, though more than once I've found mine to be too much on the dry side. They do leave out a hot sauce bar for you, so it can be doused liberally with whatever kind suits your fancy. And the roll of institutional brown paper towel sends the right message: things might get messy. I had the steak tacos tonight, and they came with a generous amount of feta and three little wedges of lime. The foil-covered paper plate they came on is pretty flimsy, as a previous reviewer noted, but mine only needed to make it out to the neon green round metal picnic tables out front on Second before they were devoured. I recommend the apple flavored Izze puchased from Marcus Market on your way out to complete the meal. That's if you can stay away from the beer aisle.    Beyond the tables outside, there's a bar with several stools alongside the counter. And they've even made the orange wall behind it graffiti-friendly so you can check out all kinds of stoned silliness while you wait for your order or wolf it down. See if you can find my rendering of Cartman's hand as a taco and burrito loving Jennifer Lopez in the managerie.    I haven't had any problems with the service here, though they look to be a bunch of kids who party too much, so any such complaints like those I see on here I would most likely chalk up to that. They seem to be good kids, so I would just say to be firm with them. That, or tell Kareem. Afterall, this fiefdom does operate in his Kingdom of Marcus. And he currently has an attempt at public shaming of the miscreant who tagged the new cement block wall around his dumpster running on their little graff wall.    I'm going to stop typing now. It's nearly 3 am, and I'm getting hungry for tacos I can't have right now.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2014,11/9/2014,402,837,7,12,11>I came here last night for dinner with my date, and I have to say, we had a really good time.  I've heard lots of glowing reviews about this place, and had to check it out.  When we arrived, the place was packed! We grabbed a table in the corner and waited for our server to come to our table. The menu is pretty ample with loads of options on pizza and a few other things. Neither one of us had been here before, so it was nice to see a good selection of pizza to choose from.We pondered the menu and went with a deep dish medium pizza with pepperoni, green peppers and a few other things on it. I can't remember what it was called, but it was delicious!  Considering how busy this place was, our server was on top of things.  Water was always full, our order was taken promptly, and everything went smoothly.The pizza came out on a silver tray, but the server had forgotten to get us one of those silver pizza serving things.  Plus, the pizza wasn't cut all the way through, so we had to cut it with our table knives.  It's not the end of the world, but it was somewhat of a struggle.  Our waitress swung back to our table while we were cutting and we told her we needed a sharper knife to cut the pizza with, and a serving thingy, which she quickly got back to us with.Everything here was awesome, and we had a really good time.  Pizza was delicious, service was stellar, and the bill was pleasantly lower then what we had expected.  (we only ordered a medium and were able to polish the whole thing off.)Overall, I love Green Lantern.  I see why so many people here love it, and would gladly return here in a heartbeat.  Will gladly return when I'm on this side of town, and very happy that a place like this exists.  Love that they have great pizza options to choose from and reasonable prices!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,11/8/2014,48,116,8,9,9>At first, we drove right by this place. I swear with the yellow and black coloring I thought it was a chicken shack. Lol. Its right next to the McDonalds.  Easy to pass, but so glad we came.I'm pretty sure this used to be a Pizza Hut location. Why haven't all Pizza Huts turned into breweries? !I loved this place. Food-excellent. Beer ( coming from a vodka/wine person) REALLY fantastic. Ambiance?  Really layed back, absolutely fine. They had 7 or 8 different beers on tap they make. I tried the Pineapple Wheat. Oh boy, so great! If you are an IPA person, or like a hoppy beer, obviously stray from this. If you like a good wheat that's not too heavy and very clean try this! Not bitter, straight up pineapple fresh flavor. It's very prominent.  It was perfect with my reuben egg rolls. The only bad thing about those was I wanted more! Very different. Very delicious!  Crunchy, not soggy and really a perfect bite every time. What a great way to package a classic sandwich. My friends shared the poutine fries, which was a large portion.  Fries, cheese curds, pork belly...I mean comeon. They raved about them. The other beer at my table was the 10 mile...something or other. I forgot the true name, but it was a dark beer. Porter quite possibly. Not bitter or heavy at all. It was great. They also have faygo pop if that's what you desire.  No coke or Pepsi.  Way to support Michigan! There was also a whole bookshelf of games to play. I can't wait to go back and use them and sample more food from the menu, which was impressive. Check it out! Reasonable prices, good afternoon:)
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2014,11/7/2014,15,45,2,11,7>Every once in awhile as a foodie, I come across foods that becomes a instant Blockbuster. "Corned Beef Egg rolls w/ Swiss" are one of those foods. I've been hearing about these for over a year, so I took the pilgrimage. Located on the Westside of Detroit, on the corner of Wyoming and Schoolcraft this little neighborhood gem is producing these mouth watering treat. The complexity of textures, from the moment you bite into the deep fried crispy golden brown shell, releasing the tender chopped corned beef, covered in the smooth creamy Swiss cheese OMG!!!. Well worth the trip, also the Devil Eggs are a solid 8 out of 10. Please note this operation is ******CASH ONLY****** I will be back soon.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,11/6/2014,794,350,3,11,8>Is this the BEST bar burger in the Detroit area?I have been here a few times in the past few months as I am finding my way in this area again for work. My friend needed a beer as he was stuck in the I-96 traffic detours. He had never been here so what better place. I haven't reviewed this place since 2009 so time for my update.The great thing is so many things have changed in the last five years, but not Mason's. Since we stopped for a beer I had to have a cheeseburger and fries to go with my tall domestic. I must say I have to agree with my original review. This is THE best bar burger in the area! Nothing has changed. Change is good, but not here. My friend ordered one also after all the mmmmm noise I was making. He actually agreed with me that this is real good. Prices reasonable. (Less than $10 with tip).Must stop again...and again....and again....
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2014,11/5/2014,272,268,4,14,9>Me and one of my girlfriends decided to go downtown Detroit to the Eastern Market last Saturday. Boy oh boy was it ever crowded. The hustle and bustle of a thriving city!!! We were walking all over and were on Riopelle. Asked someone where was this distillery and she pointed to a barrel on top of the entryway!  Who would have known that inside this place that seemed shady was this wonderful distillery!Bartenders were wonderful.  I asked one of them how many people were working and he said that there were 2 senior bartenders, 4 junior bartenders and 2 servers! The history of this place was that it use to be a slaughter house and the owner use to work at it and now it is transformed into the Detroit City Distillery. I believe he had said that they have been open for 3 weeks!!!!If you drink wine - there is no wine at this place.  They basically brew/distil or whatever you call it Whisky, Vodka, and Bourban!!! The names were Two Faced Blended Bourbon, Bloodline Whiskey, and Gilded Age Vodka. I initially had a bloody mary!  OMG was it ever delicious. Then I had a punch which was pink and tasted like a girl's drink, then I had a Manhattan - smooooooth!  Had a lot of fun and the customers there were all very nice as well as the people who worked there. Thier motto is "Taste the History, Toast to Revival".  Cheers. Give it a try if you are in the area - you will not be disappointed!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2014,11/4/2014,96,107,5,12,9>I'll admit it, I was skeptical of Quan Nem Ngon when they first opened.  They seemed to be spending a frightening amount of $$$ on decor (compared to a typical Oakland County Vietnamese place) and opened up in the very same strip mall(!!!) as my favorite Viet restaurant, Pho Tai.  But after a handful of visits, I have to complement them on a job well done.  They still seem to be finding their identity as to whether they want to be a quick-service Viet Bistro or a more upscale Viet Cuisine destination.  They are partially succeeding and partially failing at both, but overall it's an unexpected welcome addition to the Madison Heights restaurant market (where there were already at least 7 other Viet establishments)The best thing about Quan Nem Ngon is that now that it exists, there is no reason anyone should ever have to eat at Da Nang in Clawson ever again.  Like Da Nang, it's nice enough inside Quan Nem Ngon that you could bring a date.  But unlike Da Nang, the food at Quan Nem Ngon is actually quite good.I've tried a bunch of items off the menu so far and my favorite would be the Banh Mi w/ sunny side up eggs (M6 on the menu). Imagine the best fried egg sandwich you've ever had and multiply it's awesomeness x10 and you'll have an idea of how good this thing is.  And just like with several other of their dishes I have tried, the fresh Thai chiles take it to the next level.  I'd advise you to order this the first time you come here and then branch out.The Com Suon and Bun Thit Nuong were also quite good, each 2nd or 3rd best I've tried in the area but with an extra-impressive presentation.  I have not tried the Pho (of which the options are limited) though someone I dined with ordered the organic chicken "pho ga" and said it was amazing... much higher quality tasting/textured chicken than you typically find in pho ga.As other reviewers have mentioned, there are still some kinks to work out at Quan Nem Ngon.  But they are definitely on the right track and every since their latest menu release/update they seem poised to move even more into the upscale Viet Cuisine direction.  If they can somehow get their service experience (currently lacking on every visit I've made) match their food and decor, they will truly become a force to be reckoned with.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,11/3/2014,8,90,1,6,5>Nothing says fall weather quite like jeans, hoodies and Yates Cider and Donuts. My boyfriend and I stopped here today for a quick fix. Plenty of parking and lots of people for a rainy day. Everyone was very helpful and friendly. Prices are easy to read. Donuts are always made fresh since it's hard to even keep them on the shelves. While waiting in line you can read up on Yates history, 151 years of Yates. Best Cider and donuts in town. Lots of bees, as always but less likely to find them closer to the river. My boyfriend and I enjoy walking down the trails and relaxing by the river. Pony rides for kids Saturday and Sunday (maximum weight 80lbs) Feed the goats for $.25. Goat chow located in the apple tent. Snack and Sundae stands open on Saturday and Sunday. Fudge and Apple Stand open throughout the season. Perfect family place! I'll definitely be back multiple times this year.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,11/2/2014,48,224,2,9,8>Chadd's Bistro showed up on my review feed. With the great reviews and close proximity to work, I ended up here for lunch. The guy that ordered after I did said that he had also found Chadd's on Yelp and came as a result of the positive reviews. The cafe is fairly small, they only have four tables and a few stools at the counter. The staff is friendly and welcoming, they greet you as you walk in the door. Choosing what to order is the hard part. The sandwich board is above the counter and it has a everything from your basic options to the creative. Different ingredients, different bread. I had a couple of sliders: the burger and the pulled pork along with a order of sweet potato fries. My food came out quickly despite being made to order. Everything was excellent. The sweet potato fries had to be the best I've ever had. They come with a cinnamon butter dip that was unexpected, but made complete sense. Cinnamon goes well on sweet potato, why not dip in fries? A much better option than what the other places are offering (or more often, not) You could tell they were home made by looking at them. The best fries are not uniform, these appeared to be cut from a potato and did not come out of a bag. The staff is friendly and asked each customer if they enjoyed the food. One of the employees talked about how their food philosophy is to make as much of the food they served in house as possible and avoid preservatives. The ketchup others have raved about in their reviews is one of the home made items. It was the result of the process of making their own BBQ sauce (which was on my pulled pork so I can verify it was awesome). The owner, Chadd, bought a bakery in the area and all of the bread is made there, with no preservatives, and brought fresh to the cafe.They do not have fountain drinks, only bottled soda, which personally I prefer. Loved Chadd's, I'll be back to try other sandwiches.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2014,11/1/2014,23,185,3,6,7>This is one of a very few long-standing absolute gems in Detroit.  I don't seem to get there enough.Though I'm not a resident of Macomb, Oakland or Wayne (free basis admission) counties, a visit is still worth the jaunt.  Fore a mere $8 I get to see a huge art collection, some of which are world class.  The large (it has to be) building is very well maintained.  The varied interiors are mostly reflective of the art within.  The collections, themselves, cover a wide range of styles and types.  There is something, nay, many things for everyone.There's a nice cafe in the building and the Institute offers tours and classes for art lovers.  Parking is adjacent to the DIA and won't leave you broke.
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/31/2014,215,177,7,8,9>Worth. The. Drive. for some seriously smoky, judiciously juicy, decadently deeEFFINGlicious BBQ!Call ahead or order there and wait, it's all good. The smell will drive you bonkers, increasing your anticipation and salivary production. Then scamper home really fast with your treasured take-out!I tried a combo plate with brisket and burnt ends. The latter were incredible, chunky smoky morsels of tender meat. Simply stellar. They outshone the regular brisket (which wasn't bad either but I'm going to stick with the ends!). My sides were ranch fries and cole slaw. SO GOOD. The cole slaw is cider vinegar based, so an excellent compliment to the rich meat. The 'fries' are thick skin-on crispy-outside mashy-inside potato wedges. The sauces, especially the bone-suckin' house sauce, are essential, even if you end up dipping your fingers into it after all your meat is gone.My fella got a burger. Not just any burger mind you, but a burger made with freshly ground brisket...on an onion roll! Luckily he gave me a taste and it was probably one of the best burgers I've had, ever. MUCH much much muchmuch much better than Slow's (except for the mac and cheese, Slow's seems to have a crackdown on that). Really friendly service too. The portions are huge and the price cannot be beat for such quality 'que.It's a lot of fillin' food, perfect for when I'm in meat mode. I'll be coming back! A lot!!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,10/30/2014,107,357,5,9,8>Bishop is one of my favorite Downriver parks. It's right on the water with a nice, long pier to walk along. Parking is plentiful, either in a large lot at the entrance or individual spaces along the park. There are plenty of grassy areas where you can lay out with a book, have a picnic or play Frisbee. Numerous benches line the boardwalk and are peppered throughout the area as well. Children can play on a couple large playscapes, as well as multiple swingsets. During summer hours, there's a concession stand that sells snacks like ice cream, chips and pop. Restrooms are located on the side of the concession building. This has been one of my favorite parks since I was a kid. It's well-kept and there's plenty of space to make your time at the park enjoyable. Fishing is allowed off the pier during limited hours.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/29/2014,426,153,2,13,10>Excellent new pho place in Novi! This place opened about 2 weeks prior to our visit, and they have their service and food down! Everyone is friendly, and the food was some of the best I've had from a pho place. The summer rolls are DELICIOUS, and I highly recommend them. They include some big yummy shrimp and strips of pork. The bf ordered the P3 pho and made the special request of taking all the greens out. The owner was eager to make sure his order was done the way my bf wanted it. I ordered the P1 house special pho with all the mystery meats, as the bf would put it lol. We were both very happy with our orders! The beef broth is some of the best I've had, and it hit the spot, aah. Definitely come check out this new place!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,10/28/2014,192,175,2,8,8>I have heard nothing but amazing about Tai Fai since they opened from all sorts of sources including friends and the mayor. Tonight I finally stopped in since I was 1) hungry and 2) aware that there was nothing in my refrigerator except half a bag of shredded carrots, half a lemon, and a bottle of Simply Heinz Ketchup. And beer. I have no regrets about my decision for take-away for dinner and really am highly anticipating returning. Tai Fai is in a strip that is undergoing some cosmetic changes but the inside is simple and clean. I was greeted by a friendly worker and allowed some time to review the menu. My general philosophy about sushi is that I feel like it rarely fills me unless you're ordering a ton. Maybe it's that I don't eat the fish? Regardless, I decided on ordering a bowl of Miso Soup (which really was like the size of a medium soft drink), a roll that was tempura fried containing avocado, pineapple, red pepper, and cream cheese, and an order of vegetable fried rice. It was all ready in about five minutes. The miso was great and really the bowl was big enough for two. The roll was perfection. I ate half with a moderate portion of the fried rice and really feel pretty full. I'm geeked about having left overs--and really the rice is going to stretch to a third meal or at least a snack.I feel like I can't express how much I really enjoyed this roll. The crispy outside--though not greasy--and the creamy inside with the bright pineapple and red pepper. Inside the roll's container was also wasabi and pickled ginger. The fried rice was kind of to be expected--I think I ordered it Japanese style which has a garlicky butter sauce, and green beans, carrots, and corn. The meal was neatly bagged and included a fork, spoon, chopsticks, as well as a fortune cookie that told me to "Make big plans." The cookie knows--the cookie always knows. There were also napkins. I was really hungry so the $12.00 this meal came to didn't seem so outrageous, but when I stop and think about it, it's enough food for a couple meals and really it was kind of amazing so I think it's money well spent. I'm totally geeked about having friends over and ordering piles of rolls and trying more of their offerings. For the non sushi types there are noodle dishes as well as curries and stir fries--Tai Fai really has something for everyone.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2014,10/27/2014,131,109,4,8,7>I was pleasantly surprised with this restaurant.  Although the outside is very plain and sits in a strip mall, the inside of the restaurant is fresh, clean and modern.  When I entered, I noticed lots of people had the mixed tray of food called a "thali."  I ordered the tray with lamb curry, a chicken meatball and butter chicken.  It also came with bread, rice, yogurt and a cucumber salad.  The hot dishes were served hot and the cold dishes were served cool and were brought to me quickly.  Every dish was delicious but I especially enjoyed the spices and flavor of the butter chicken.  The yogurt sauce and cucumber salad were very fresh and complimented the meal well.  I would have wished there was a little more flavor to the cucumber sauce and a little more salt and lemon juice on the vegetables.  One of the nicest features of the meal was a thin pudding with noodles cooked in it that was very sweet and delicious.  Overall, the service was fast, the young lady at the counter was helpful and friendly and the restaurant was very clean.  I will definitely return to this restaurant when I'm in the area and I'm looking for a variety of tasty Indian foods.  I can't wait to try more of their menu, especially the very interesting looking snack foods.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2014,10/26/2014,171,445,3,11,7>This place was VERY good, we went here today for Detroit Restaurant Week (fixed price menu). I rarely give restaurants 5 stars but this one warrants it. I had the Twisted Meatball (veal meatball on top of a spaghetti cup), the Midwest flank steak with baby marbled potatoes, and the tiramisu parfait for dessert. We thought a parfait was going to be maybe tiramisu on top of ice cream or gelato, but instead it was TIRAMISU, DECONSTRUCTED - and very delicious.The restaurant itself is located on a corner in Corktown, and we snagged some street parking which was good. I snuck a peek at the regular menu too, and they had some decent prices. At their bar area, there was a sign that said two can dine for a 3-course lunch, for $25 ($12.50 each) which also seems like a very good deal.I don't get to Detroit often but hoping to come back here again at some point. Service was great too.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2014,10/25/2014,692,67,4,9,9>Choose from ready made slices pepperoni, cheese, speciality. Order your own pizza build it how you want it or order a pizza off the menu. There is no possible way you can be disappointed ordering a pizza here no matter what toppings you choose. It is an absolute must to order a slice of their specialty pizza. They do change it on a daily basis but I've never been disappointed. They use goat cheese, garlic, peppers, etc. on a lot of their specialty pizzas it makes a difference in a very delicious way! All their slices are huge! Worth the few dollars per slice during lunch! Easily some of the best pizza I've ever had!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2014,10/24/2014,44,116,7,7,6>I don't know who the Julian brothers are, but they sure know how to make delicious baked goods. I am trying to stay away from simple carbs but it is sooooooooooo tough to do when I know my husband wants to go here and it's a short drive away, so I just indulge in a few treats and try to forget about it by the next day. Basically anything in the pastry case is wonderful. They have these little miniature bumpy cakes called ding dongs, and they are way better than actual Sanders Bumpy Cake. My uncles actually prefer the caramel cake here to the authentic Sanders version as their birthday cake of choice. Their almond tea ring coffee cake things are a favorite of my dad's. Their cookies are delicious and so cute with sprinkles and they even have those neon-colored Italian layer cookies that are too much for me but my entirely-New Jersey, practically-Italian husband swears by them. Then there's the bread. Oh Em Gee, the bread. Buttermilk Rye. Sicilian, with seeds or without. Wheat. Cinnamon Raisin. At least 20 other varieties, not to mention dinner rolls or a 5-year-old Cathy O. favorite, pepperoni rolls. Good luck to you figuring out which variety to pick.They have inexpensive, decently tasty pizza and subs. Now, if I had to be picky, I would complain about the subs that are pre-made that morning, but I haven't asked them to make a fresh one for me ever and the ladies behind the counter are so nice I bet they would do it. The frozen food selection is quite large with both italian staples and more typical frozen dinners.This place is a winner in my book. But you really should stay away from the aforementioned ding dongs because you'll wake up at 7am craving one, like I did six minutes ago. Oopsies!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,10/23/2014,87,369,6,11,10>Heard about the place for years, finally gave it a shot.  Loved it! Had the shawarma and mjadra wraps with sides of hummous, garlic and rice.  Fyi, double check because it might be cheaper to get a combo if you are a pig like me - and they may not recommend it...Only bummer was the garlic portion was small.  Not the end of the world but I almost missed it in our bag.I went for dinner last night and for lunch today.  It is very good and not in a "gas station good" kind of way.  Like good good.Oh, and the line looked insane.  Between the called in orders and the bazillion people waiting I thought I was in for it.  Turns out they said it would be 7 minutes and it was!  A+Pay at the gas counter.  I almost forgot as I rushed out.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2014,10/22/2014,36,237,4,7,10>Quite simply one of the three best wings spots in Detroit (captain jays and sweetwater tavern being the others). I have heard so much good things about this place and after having it, it lives up to every positive review.Came here for lunch and first thing is that this place is spotless clean. The one sort of negative thing is that while they do have a lot of flavor options, they don't really let you try various amounts (only 1 for 10, and you have to buy 30 to try 2). The wings are Amish style and already come crispy (which is to my liking). Another thing to remember is the flavors here are dry rubs (with exception to the hot, which was kind of like a sauce/dry rub mix).For my wings, I had the garlic Parmesan (best flavor here, and second best garlic Parmesan I have ever had besides Buffalo Wild Wings sauce of the same), hot (really really good), and the Caribbean jerk (also good). The wings here are small (which I love), so be ready to eat a lot of them. For my sides i went with the okra (pretty good) and the macaroni and cheese (not bad, but nothing special).Overall one of the best wings spots you will ever have in life. They have great deals also and is a great experience. I officially am a fan of this spot and will be back more.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2014,10/21/2014,148,349,5,8,8>I'm so excidered (ha!) that Parmenter's is open for the season.  I don't know if I am ready to kiss summer goodbye, but I am definitely ready for the coziness of fall.  The rain (gasp), leafs, candle-lit book reading marathons under a blanket.. but most of all, I am excited for cider.  Speaking of Parmenter's season, it runs from Labor Day weekend through the weekend before Thanksgiving - easy to remember, right?  I could practically walk to this cider mill if I wanted to, which is as glorious as it is dangerous.  On our visit yesterday we got a gallon of cider (pasteurised, dark colored cider) which started off sweet and ended slightly tart.  We also got a couple of spiced donuts, these weren't my favorite but I am hard to please in the donut department.The store is set up like a big old red barn and the interior is decorated with fall and Halloween items which are for sale.  I spotted cider slushies, caramel apples, regular- and spiced donuts and wine as some of the items they sell.  On the grounds was a warm nuts stand and some other food shacks, but these were closed (my visit was during the week).On the other side of the grounds is a winery, during the summer there is live music on the patio and they have wine tastings available on the regular, if not every day.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,10/20/2014,22,135,5,7,6>My amazing son took me here for Fathers Day, and I was happy!  He is a foodie and knows a lot of great places to eat.The atmosphere was a lot different than I expected.  It's pretty loud and not that comfortable.   It's kind of typical for modern places these days.  Our service was decent, but nothing tremendous.  My son asked to have "onion crunch" on his burger and the waiter stated "we don't add items".  HUH????  WHAT???  Then he asked for ranch for our onion rings and the response was "Michael Symon doesn't like ranch, so we don't carry it".   Guess what?  Millions of people do like ranch, so Michael Symon is a dipwad.   I personally don't like ranch either, but I'd most definitely have it in MY restaurant.  Whatever.On to the food:  I had a burger, onion rings and s shake.  The burger was cooked perfectly.  I hate a sloppy mess burger, and this was definitely not that.  It was perfect.  It was tasty.  The onion rings were good, but were not special.  My shake was wonderful.  I'm not a big fan of THICK shakes and this was really thick.  That being said, it was tasty as all heck and it was huge.  I would definitely recommend this place as a GOOD place to eat and get a good burger.  The menu was cool and there were lots of cool items on it.  However, there are better burgers to be had in the Detroit area.  This is a B+ burger.  The prices were not that bad.  This restaurant is not a place I'd generally go out of my way to eat at.  I would not be adverse to a group wanting to eat there though.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,10/19/2014,21,39,4,7,8>We really enjoyed our brunch at Toast this morning.I'd been a time or two, but it's been awhile. I got a giftcard as a birthday present, so Boyfriend and I decided to venture down to Toast for brunch before hitting up Pig & Whiskey for day 2.  Toast on a whim on a Saturday at 10:30 was pretty bold, but despite the place being packed, we only waited 10 minutes for a table.  We started with french press Maple Bacon coffee, and it was delicious (warning: it's pretty strong).  The taste is just the right amount of sweet. A cute little detail, they serve their coffee in eclectic random mugs. I liked it.Ordering was a challenge since everything on the menu looks awesome. Really. I ultimately ended up with the Beet Goes On Omelette, and Boyfriend ordered the Cure, which is a green chili-gravy-home fries situation. Both were really delicious. I also ordered home fries and toast with peanut butter. My omelette was great: original, fresh tasting, awesome. The homefries are roasted red potatoes. Even the toast was delicious. The Cure was also seriously good (Boyfriend's a generous sharer). Both our orders inspired us to order a Bloody Mary to split.  The menu boasts 14 "mystery spices" in the Bloody Mary, and it was definitely good. They put a decent amount of lemon in their Bloody Marys. I can't say I've really ever had that before, but I really enjoyed it. Service was great and attentive, despite it being a zoo in there. I'd definitely go again.
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/18/2014,156,70,4,7,6>I have, as of late, been training for my 2nd full marathon, and as such, I need to get my massage on y'all.  When I'm cruising for a muscle rub, I usually bounce on over to Agape for some tension relief. While most of the people who have massaged me have been worth the money and the time (it's super inexpensive for an hour deep-tissue massage), the best two to go to are...wait.  I'm NOT telling!  It's hard enough to get a time with my #2 person, but my #1 pick is nearly impossible.  I'd like to go AT LEAST twice a week, but my girls are booked up son!  If you have some tension to work out, and you live near by, I would DEF make an appointment at Agape.  Good Christian people, rubbing you down with lotion and the power of the Lord.  Why do I say that?  Well, Agape doesn't charge much mostly because it's a ministry, passing along the good word.  I certainly don't mind it, and at the very least, when I'm in a mood to talk it makes for good conversation; however, if you aren't down for talking about Christianity or the like, they don't shove it down your throat like other ministries might (except for the constant Christian music).  Overall, this is a fantastic place with fantastic people, who are all there with nothing but the best intentions.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,10/17/2014,169,223,6,14,8>In the words of Adam Sandler from "The Wedding Singer", that's a good meatball!Seriously, this place is solid. We went there on their soft opening to try it out and everything was great. I had the Grinder which was a Pork Meatball Sandwich with Tomato Sauce, Melted Provolone, and Caramelized onions on an Asiago Cheese Hoagie bun. So simple, yet money! I also had a side of Macaroni and Cheese which was pretty good as well.The wifey had the Greek sandwich on the same style bun, but this one had Chicken Meatballs, Feta Cheese, Kalamata Olives, Lettuce, Tomato, and Tzatziki Crema. Chicken Meatballs often times are very dry as chicken is a lean protein with very little fat to keep it moist. These however were not. They were super juicy, flavorful, and very tender yet firm at the same time (not mushy).I think their secret weapon is that they grind their own meat in house using the best ingredients possible and make their meatballs daily. None of that frozen processed garbage other places serve up. Handmade and homemade, that's the way to go in my book.The staff was very friendly and I had a chance to talk to the owner and she was telling me all about the place. While it wasn't very busy, as I am assuming not many knew the place had opened, she still opted to have a full on conversation with me instead of just the standard short and sweet "How was everything? Okay, good!" jib jab you get elsewhere. She really wanted feedback and to know what I liked and tips to improve things. She also asked if I had visited the location when it was Tajos and if I had an idea why it didn't succeed. That to me shows passion and a dedication to do well. I wish them all of the best and while I may not eat there as often as I'd like (I'm trying not to be so much of a fatty these days) I will go there when I allow myself a cheat day every now and then.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,10/16/2014,28,146,1,11,9>Adorable store with some good looking produce in Ferndale's downtown. Not a large place, but easily the best market in the neighborhood. Prices on produce are reasonable, maybe a little higher than Kroger but usually better quality. Canned goods, candy, and other staples seem to be a bit pricey, but I guess paying for the convenience isn't unusual. I've splurged and bought some of their in-house desserts, and they've been mighty tasty (try the lemon berry bar!). Decent selection of wines, cheeses, and they stock lots of local favorites. Big selection of Garden Fresh salsa! Always seem to have samples of bean dips and guacamole for snacking. Nice private parking lot. In warmer months they use part of the parking lot to sell flowers, and they have a beautiful selection. I certainly don't do all of my grocery shopping here, but I dig this place and will continue to frequent Western Market for good quality produce.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2014,10/15/2014,172,464,9,10,7>Hi.  I'm Margaret and I'm addicted to carbohydrates. Therefore the Art of bread is a blessing in disguise and a curse!They have so many delicious treats to choose from... gorgeous,loaves of bread (sweet and savory), dinner rolls, baguettes, etc.  You could pick out a delicious carb for any meal.  In addition, if you wanted a treat for dessert, they have a huge selection of cookies, muffins, croissants, bars, tarts, etc, etc, etc, I ended up picking up a croissant for my husband (and not only do they have plain, they have chocolate, fruit and almond filled) as well as a brown sugar pop over for myself.  I had said int he past that my mom makes the best pop overs, but sorry, Mom, please forgive me, yours come in a close second to the Art of Bread's pop overs.  Airy, light, full of flavor with a nice sweet kick of brown sugar.  Outstanding!They offered samples of their homemade sweet onion and balsamic butter.  I can't get it out of my mind.  It's perfect on some pumpernickel bread (which was also great).  They had a nice selection of other sweet and savory butters.In addition, they offered a wide variety of jams, jellies and homemade peanut butter!With the Art of Bread right next door to Joe's Produce and near "Just Baked" Cupcakes and Westborn Market, Livonia is quickly becoming one of my favorite "Foodie" towns!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,10/14/2014,321,160,8,16,12>Hearing through the grapevine that a slew(two in any one day seems like a lot) of new restaurants were opening in the Detroit area my wife and I decided to go try both to celebrate our 3rd anniversary. Both Wright & Co. and Antietam pay homage to Detroit's early 20th century boom years through structural elements like their heavy use of tin tiling and to signal the renaissance that Detroit has been undergoing. My first impression from the outside was that this place is hard to find. It's not a simple matter of showing up at the 1500 Woodward Ave. address and dropping in (going here will lead you to an abandoned store front). You have to go through an unmarked John R rd. entrance and follow the small diamond shaped Wright & Co. logos to the 2nd floor or take an elevator. Far from being a hassle to us making the entrance hard to find gave it a mysterious speakeasy-esque' air. The restaurant/bar itself is an elegant room of red dividing couches, black tables, large bar and palms. The white shirt, skinny black attire of the bar tenders further ensconces the place into the earlier era of mad men like Don Draper in the heyday of American automotive.I haven't been to Sugar House but I got a very good impression of their work when they catered cocktails at the Lincoln test drive event at Shinola. The bartenders told me the owner of Sugar House is a co-owner here and they usually work at Sugar House. In short the drinks were amazing. I got a cocktail called a Corktown (5/5). I love the consistency of egg white cocktails, the foamy beauty was made all the better with a pattern of angostura bitters spread as a ring through the center of the foam. To my delight the bartender made a bit too much and gave me a small carafe with more of the cocktail on the side. My wife got a whisky based drink that was also delicious although I can't recall the name for the life of me.Looking forward to our dinner at another restaurant we only got one appetizer here a duck liver pate that came with toasted bread and white wine rehydrated raisins (5/5). The raisins were fantastic with the pate; we only wished there had been more raisins and bread to start. I have a feeling the excellent ambiance food and cocktails will have people flooding this place soon so I am glad I beat the rush. Definitely will have to comeback sometime with friends.
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/13/2014,57,45,1,11,8>If you're looking for a place to hide away and sit in front of your computer, meet up with friends, nail that business proposal you've been working on for months or people watch from the window bar seats, this is your cafe. Spacious, yet cozy, bright yet subtle, there's a spot for everyone on every mission. David Myers is the much involved family man, bicycle enthusiast and owner/roaster of Mighty Good Coffee. He takes the art of coffee roasting,seed-to-cup education and customer service seriously, all in the heart of beautiful downtown Ann Arbor. David is an SCAA (Specialty Coffee Assoc. of America) Lead Instructor and is Barista Guild Level 1 and Roasters Guild Level 1 certified. You can always find David volunteering, teaching, mentoring at one of the many coffee trade shows held throughout the year or travelling to coffee producing origins around the world.Mighty Good Coffee is just that, mighty good. They have an extensive coffee menu and several brewing technique options to satisfy your inner coffee snob. It's summertime in Ann Arbor, so don't forget to try their famous and extremely delicious Japanese method of brewing iced coffees. My favorite- Panama Boquete. TRUST ME, it's outstandingly good iced coffee. Recently, Mighty Good Coffee opened two satellite locations. The first- a coffee cart located at Mark's Carts- a family of food carts that offer an array of culinary delights from around the globe on Washington Street between First and Ashley.  The second- a beautifully crafted, reclaimed wood espresso bar nestled inside Two Wheel Tango (Ann Arbor's premier bicycle shop)  at 4765 Jackson Road.Cool staff without the pretentious barista 'tudes, outstanding specialty coffee and spacious cafe. What more can you ask for in downtown Ann Arbor? It's my favorite local destination.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2014,10/12/2014,14,43,7,9,9>What is there to say that hasn't already been said? This place a gem. It's one of the most unique places I've ever had the pleasure of eating, and I love that it's right in my new neighborhood. The story is simple and heartwarming -- Ernie's been working at this place since he was a stockboy under his father. Now over 70 years old, he still runs the counter with minimal help, serving sandwiches to throngs of people with an infectious smile on his face.I showed up at 4:00 on a Monday. The line was almost out the door. Apparently, it gets worse. If you're in a hurry, just turn around. There are no sour faces allowed at Ernie's. And the line's not that bad -- you'll be entertained by some of Ernie's stand-up routines:"What can I get ya, baby?""Everything, Ernie!""Everything? You're not scared of anything?""Nope.""Ah, but have you seen my mother-in-law? YEAH BABY!!!"Ernie's a character. He's unique, and he's probably the only reason why the shop is successful. You owe it to yourself to chat him up when it's your turn at the counter. You'll get a story, you'll get some Hershey's Kisses, and you'll get a hilariously large sandwich for a cool $5 (plus tax). After getting my sandwich, I sat on the curb outside with a couple of other patrons, smiling like a fool as I tried to fit a pastrami, ham, turkey, lettuce, banana pepper, jalapeno, cucumber, tomato, mustard, and love into my mouth.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/11/2014,504,642,4,10,9>"Where are the horses?"The only drawback to Green Dot Stables is the lack of a pair of frisky ponies frolicking around out back, and a horse from the Detroit Police tied to a hitching post. Kick up your heels and trot across downtown to this forgotten corner for some of the best sliders found anywhere. For the guest put off by stories of blight, know the open parking lot is perfectly safe and the open spaces look for better days, but hardly teem with ne'er-do-wells waiting to jump out. Inside is a wood-panelled oasis punctuated by a few large central tables and low booths. Forget the cavernous, shadowy booths that swallow up a man. Guests dining together can actually see one another. High chairs position everyone around tables at a level to enjoy a conversation. Well-placed televisions broadcast stages of the Tour de France while I and my officemates went for a team lunch. We admired a Belgian-heavy collection of beers behind the bar while waiting on our food.Green Dot takes a deceptively simple concept and bases their menu around the premise. But these aren't White Castle sliders or the mini-burgers Dad threw together at weekend barbecues over the summer. A wide variety appeals to the traditionalist who wants catfish on a bun or a cheeseburger of some kind to the gourmand, like me, who delights in pairing the unexpected for a gustatory kick. Both styles of diner will be pleased. Simple combinations come lavishly topped in artisanal cheeses or crisp, fresh veggies, served up in a paper tray like hot dogs at Comerica Park. No overpriced, overcooked dawg ever came with robust mustard, sweet and crisped pork loin, and snappy peppers like the biting Cuban. At $3 on average for a slider, expect a good meal to balance at three sliders and a side split between friends. Between nine people, the verdicts came in for at least three-quarters of the menu we tried at a sitting. Find your own favourite, but unanimous victory went to the "Hot Brown" -- a confectionary of chicken and thick bacon swirled in a cheesy mornay sauce. Are you thinking of a bechamel with shaved cheese? You should be. The Korean scores as an unexpected, creative pairing of kimchee with peanut butter on a beef burger. I see your uncertainty. Trust me and order it, though put in a special request for extra peanut butter. I added a jolt of sriracha for a near divine experience. Mystery Meat changes regularly and I confess the lambneck on my last encounter was too bland and a bit gamey to really enjoy. Chicken and syrup is another standout among my crew.Got room for more? The sliced cucumbers come brined and well-crisped, but the real magic isn't the individually portioned salads or even the chili fries. No, trust in my Canadian heritage and go with the poutine, eh? I know poutine. Green Dot does the best I've had in the Midwest, outshining even Wisconsin joints. On a hot summer day, we salivated over the cheese curds and meaty gravy spilled over narrow straw fries. Sharing will be essential. Yes, the seating is tight and the crowds plentiful. What do you expect with food quality, fine drinks, and tiptop service assuring the experience is one to remember? Detroit needs hotbeds of culinary innovation that attract tourist dollars and local support in spades, and the likes of Green Dot Stables -- like Roast, in a higher price bracket -- serve as pioneers in the region. I can't say enough good things for them. And at $3 to hit or miss, you can't go wrong.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2014,10/10/2014,58,175,6,13,7>Just returned from Three Cedars Farm and had a great time. I had seen pictures of it on Facebook, when a friend of mine took her kids there, and it looked super cute. So, checked out the website which was very helpful and showed that they have a big kids play area, and bam! I had my next play date location. i ended up encountering the owner, Sherry Whittaker, on my trip to the bathrooms (which are hilarious! They are big stalls, there's a horses head on one of them & you gotta love a place that plays animal noises instead of elevator music while you are in there!). She told me that the farm is not a large scale farm, and it is not a cider mill. I guess it started as a hobby and grew into what it is today. They do have an orchard  out in Romeo, where they grow their own apples & have them pressed into cider. So the cider is their OWN, but it's not made on location. She explained that its only a fall/Christmas operation, but apparently they have a Santa display in the upstairs of the barn for the Holidays. It sounds really cute, so I plan to check that out. It seems that they are busy on weekends, but week days are tame until October, when school groups come in for field trips. Apparently the buildings on this farm are over 110 years old, which is really neat too! It was a fortuitous trip to the rest room on my part, since I was able to get all this insider info :) She was so friendly and said that they really just love having a kids play area where moms can chat with each other while kids run amok, and then maybe everyone can share some cider & donuts. And we made sure to follow those instructions, as my kids were all over the petting zoo/play area. One of my kids loved driving the toy tractors around and the other one liked the Corn Pit (rather than a sand box, it was full of corn kernels!) The donuts and cider were both very good. I *may* have eaten a few of each variety, plain & cinnamon. My boys consumed an alarming number of them as well, and so I had to buy another 1.5 dozen to bring home! We picked pumpkins too, but didn't' save enough time for a ride on the hay wagon ($5 per family) so we will have to come back to enjoy that.It was a nice, nearby place to go with a great play area for kids. Don't waste your time looking for the Mill, just enjoy the kids & the beauty of it!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2014,10/9/2014,198,632,7,10,7>Ken was showing me his new work location, and all I'm thinking about is chicken fingers after we passed this place.  So, even though we'd just eaten elsewhere, we stopped in and ordered two a la carte fingers at about $1 a piece and a piece of a la carte fish for an ungodly $4 or $5 (!!).  They cooked to order, so we watched some soccer for maybe 8-10 minutes.  I'm fine with this as it means fresh food.Tenders were juicy inside with light, crispy batter.  On the small side.  Tasty.  I did not care for the dipping sauce, which tasted like BBQ sauce mixed with something creamy.  Meh.  Wonder if they have Ranch?The pricey fish was delicious, damn it.  Nice sized fillet - Ken and I split it and had 3 bites each.  Came with tartar (which I used with my tender too).  The batter was different, I think.Ken's since been back for lunch.  He got the 3 piece tender meal, and thought it wasn't enough food.  (They have a 4-piece meal). He thought the fries were good.  He plans to try the chicken or fish sandwich next.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2014,10/8/2014,41,88,5,10,8>Huzzah! Am I the first one to write? Awesome.  The long awaited Johnny Noodle King has arrived today as another addition to the continuously evolving Detroit food scene. You could sense the excitement in the room as everyone gathered for a nice bowl of ramen for lunch.The place itself isn't super large, but that's kind of nice for a homey feeling when eating ramen. The nice thing about a ramen place is the fast turnaround. Even though there were a fair number of people waiting, the line kind of dwindles down pretty quickly.  And now for the food...We ordered the pork gyoza for starters. The flavor was pretty good, but the wrapping a touch on the greasier side. The inside was a little more liquid-y as well, so make sure you eat it in one bite. Don't know if it was intentional or not, but there were no small appetizer plates. And make sure you know how to use chopsticks (or just learn...it comes in handy!). The main course I got was the Miso ramen and added pork belly to it for the extra $2, because who doesn't love pork belly? Ramen was warm, not super-I-can't-eat-it-hot, but good enough. I finished my whole bowl without sweating (which can be good or bad, depending on who you are). The flavor in the broth was solid. Add a little of the extra spice and sesame oil on the table, and it's even better. Overall, nice place to go. I'm excited to see this place grow and will definitely be checking in periodically.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,10/7/2014,63,45,8,12,6>I've been to my fair share of Bikram studios in the metro Detroit area (I'm not a player, I just...sweat a lot?), and Bikram Midtown Detroit is my favoritest of favorites, by leaps and bounds and pole vaults. THE STUDIO: The whole establishment has a modern but warm feel to it, and the studio itself is lofty and spacious, with high ceilings, fans (yay), gorgeous exposed brick, and a random but well-loved peacock that presides over the class from the locker room. I love that there are two exits, with a fun mezzanine area leading up to one. You would think most studios would be well ventilated like this one, given the nature of the activity, but let me tell you, they are not. (I'm looking at you, Bikram Grosse Pointe and Troy.) I really shouldn't be able to tell what the person in the class hours before mine smelled like. Luckily for us, at BYMD, you can't. (Bonus: the locker rooms are clean/well-kept, and the fun shower gels they supply are used as a one-up mechanism in my household: "You used Go Go Guava today? Well, I got YumYum Yumberry!")THE INSTRUCTORS: I lurve them! Sarah is encouraging, fun, and just so darn adorable. Tony, Mr. Japanese-Ham-Sandwich, peppers his classes with relevant anecdotes, and will push you to go just a bit farther than you thought you were capable of (love it). Suzanne is probably one of the few people I can tolerate talking at 6 a.m.: she's soothing, uplifting, and will walk around and correct your posture with the gentlest touch. (Sorry, Other-Instructors who I haven't met yet.)THE ACTUAL YOGA: If you are a newbie, try to attend at least 3 or 4 (consecutive, if possible) classes before you decide if Bikram for you. It takes getting used to, but the nausea does go away, and the experience gets more amazing. Consider signing up for a 30-Day challenge: I loved the camaraderie I felt with the other challengers, and the consistent practice helped me to really understand the postures better. THEY DON'T LIE: Drink plenty of water throughout the day, not just right before and during class. Get sleep; going to Bikram sleep-deprived is a recipe for vomit and dizziness. DON'T eat in the two hours before class! No, seriously. The food won't taste as good the second time it's in your mouth.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2014,10/6/2014,30,53,5,6,11>When my husband drove down the feeder road of 696, I was a touch skeptical. But once inside I was very pleased that I'd asked him to head over to "that Dragonmead place you like so much".The beer and mead menu is deep, but they offer half pints which I SO appreciate. And the Dragonbones menu? DELICIOUS. THAT CHEESE DIP WAS MAGIC. The sausages were delicious too. I kind of just want to have a pile of the raw onion and garlic topping. I will easily be able to spend several visits drinking half pints and finding "my beer".This might be our new hangout bar on the east side. I say this after mourning the loss of our last hangout bar... in Houston, TX. That little hockey bar was home and I was sad to leave it. But two years is an appropriate mourning period - it's time to move on.Dragonmead is good beer and food coupled with a pleasant atmosphere. It's just really comfortable inside, or at least it was on a Saturday afternoon. I'm sure it'd be rowdy during any form of playoffs like any other bar. Whoever was DJ that weekend had EXCELLENT taste in music and we sat and drank and had fun. You can't ask for much more than that.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,10/5/2014,30,211,4,8,5>What can I say?!?  This place has the best breakfasts in all of Oakland County, Michigan!  There, I said it.  Why is it the best...Everything on the menu is cooked to order.  They have Florentine eggs, Egg Benedict, Farm eggs, scrambled and they're all fantastic.  My fav is the Florentine since the mushrooms and spinach are so so tasty!  Melt in your mouth tasty!!They have German Apple Pancakes, blueberry pancakes, Orange Custard French Toast, Lemon Custard French Toast and Creme Bruelee French Toast.  All of these are dynamite, but my fav is the Lemon Custard French Toast.  This is a special and only shows up occasionally on the daily menu.  But you have to try it...the lemon is perfectly mixed into the French Toast so it's not too sweet nor too bland, and not overly cooked either.  It is like eating lemon pudding on lightly baked in between two French Toast strips. Yum, I'm getting hungry just thinking of it!The food is served fairly quick.  I wonder how they cook it so well in such a small building.  The wait staff is always quick and friendly to us when we visit.They are usually swamped from 8am - 2pm on the weekends.  So get there either right at opening or go later; otherwise, you'll be waiting at least 20 minutes.  Hours are mornings 7am to 3pm Monday thru Saturday and 7am to 2pm on Sundays.They also have lunch items which I only had a turkey sandwich once.  It was fresh and very good.  Since there are so many fantastic breakfast items I usually cave and go with those instead.The coffee is fresh brewed and I love it.  I have to get two cups usually.  They also have fresh squeezed OJ, water, and milk.  If you have kids, the will put the drinks in a spill free lid with straw...an extra bonus for us!We cannot wait to get back here!  Keep up the great work Downtown Cafe!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,10/4/2014,9,40,5,6,5>Overall a good experience with good service. The first time I came here was with a 20+ work group which was handled nicely by 2 servers. The beer selection was great and the food came out hot and without delay. With little distractions, such as bad service or crowded space, the work party went great with good conversations and a lively atmosphere.Today I went with 4 coworkers that were from out of town. They all acknowledged that it was the best BBQ they've had (and I was the only one drinking the excellent beer :-). I had the half chicken with the house rub. Could have used more of the rub, but with the 4 house BBQ sauces at the table, there was no issues with giving it a kick in flavor. The server was attentive but not in any way over-bearing; perfect for a more personal work dinner.Some reviews you'll notice mentioning a slight 'pink' in the center of the meat. The server tonight had the forethought to warn us that it is due to the "low-and-slow" style of smoking the meat. So keep that in mind...Night-on-the-town tip: there is a hilarious comedy club right around the corner from Lockharts, within walking distance. Perfect for a dinner and a laugh. Cheers!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,10/3/2014,60,254,3,9,7>Wow!  Walking in and seeing the jaw-dropping dining room/bar area, you know you are in for a treat!Service was very friendly and knew her beer.  She didn't just give the usual "It's an IPA."  she actually knew beer, which is always a plus in our book!Beer menu is very nice.  Something for everyone, with glass sizes to please everyone.  Tasters, pints, and growlers.  Hubs had the Hop a peel IPA and enjoyed it.  I had tasters of the cider and summer ale, both very enjoyable.  We ended up taking home a growler of the oatmeal stout, and that had to be my fav of all the beers I tried.  Nice rich tasting stout!A few of the beers are brewed at this locations, others at the Detroit location.For dinner I had the wiener schnitzel and it was GREAT!  Just a little lemon caper sauce on top, nice crisp and light breading.  As my sides I chose the herb new potatoes and marinated tomato salad.  Potatoes were...potatoes, but the marinated tomato salad was VERY yummy!!  Fresh, chilled tomatoes and onions marinated in a vinaigrette.  It was a great palate cleaner during the meal.  I honestly could have made a meal of just tomatoes. Hubs decided to get a pizza with ham and pineapple.  The ham was smoked and had a nice smoke taste without being too over-powering.  The crust was very nice.We will be back for sure!!!  I cannot wait!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,10/2/2014,501,312,6,9,8>I decided to give Sidetrack a shot while in the area one day that my sister was in town from Florida. We were looking for a decent place to eat and the guys at work had been singing high praises about the place, so I thought "why not".It's got a very eclectic decor with no shortage of things to catch the eye. The history is rich with stories of patrons gone by, which added to the atmosphere. They boast the "Best Burger" & "Award Winning Chili", neither of which challenge I can pass up. We both ordered basic cheeseburgers. Burger, Cheese, Bun. That's it. No fancy accompaniments. Nothing to mar the pure cheeseburger experience. The side dish - Chili of course! Loaded with cheese, onions, and crackers? HELL NO! Plain, unadorned Chili.The food came forthwith (actually it was a little slow for the time of day, but I'll let that slide) and I proceeded to take pictures and examine the bounty. The burger had a slice of cheese on top & bottom both, good touch. I ordered it medium rare but it was closer to medium well. The bun was a white bread with sesame seeds, and toasted to perfection. The burger flavor was excellent and soon had me forgetting that it was a little overly cooked for my tastes. It was juicy & flavorful, and the toasted bun paired with it perfectly!The chili smelled good and had a pleasant presentation that clearly indicated "home made" versus canned, It was a very good mixture of beef, beans, and chunky tomato. The seasoning were a good blend, though there was no real "heat" to it (which I understand in a restaurant). Overall it  rates in my top 5 restaurant chili's of all time. I'll be going back to Sidetrack in the near future. There a a LOT of great items on the menu & I'm looking forward to trying more of them, and having another bowl of chili!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,10/1/2014,53,29,2,8,7>If you're looking for a studio in the area to call "home", definitely check out Citizen, The studio has an urban/functional feel to it, yet you'll feel AT HOME, whether you're a newbie or advanced practitioner.  The owner (Kacee) makes it a point to try and learn everyone's name.  Citizen offers a wide variety of teachers/styles to check out - and I've noticed a lot of mom + baby & prenatal classes as well as "kids club" so moms can easily keep up their yoga practice.  They are very focused on alignment and making sure to adjust/correct UNLIKE their popular competitor studio.  Citizen is very involved in local events (some for free) to be an active part of our community.   Favorite teachers:  Ann Fancy, Becky Siden, Paul Witherspoon, Kacee Must and Sitara Bird.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,9/30/2014,20,67,4,10,7>Burgrz legitimately has a case for serving one of the best burgers in Royal Oak for the price. For a few dollars more than a Whopper, you get a massive and extremely well cooked creation plus a solid selection of choices for toppings. After perusing downtown for something new, I cruised by this place and remembered it was recommended to me by a friend. I decided to stop in early one Saturday afternoon and so begins the journey.After being greeted instantly by the friendly young lady at the register who was very attentive, I rambled through my order and she patiently got everything right. Within 5 minutes, my plain bacon cheeseburger was served with chilli cheese waffle fries. Really delicious burger and the portions were so large, it was actually a challenge to finish. Comfort food, this place has on deck.Like clockwork, sportscenter was simultaneously permeating through each and every flatscreen ensuring that no red blooded american male could ever talk down on this establishment. Add a KCCO black lager served bottled and ice cold plus repeated check ins by the person who took the order and it should be no surprise that I give it 5 stars.Disregard the ill conceived name (Burgrz, really guys?) and give it a shot. I think its a half star better than smash burger and it definitely dominates most offerings from the bars of r.o. They have a good patio outside but the interior is super cozy as well. Perfect spot for those days when everything comes second to a damn good burger.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2014,9/29/2014,55,51,3,8,8>Upon first hearing about this place, I was super excited to try it out. Being part Lebanese, it's always been my favorite cuisine, and places like Chipotle are my guilty pleasure. This place is essentially a Chipotle ordering style but with Middle Eastern cuisine, something I have always wondered why hasn't been done on a large scale. I got the opportunity to check it out when I was on that side of town before a hockey game running some errands, so I jumped. Upon walking in, the décor is pretty simple and nothing overly spectacular, but the counter front and ordering board are done well. The place was really clean and orderly, and they even have hand sanitizer stations set up by the garbage cans for those of you who don't like germs. Ordering was very easy. The person working the counter was very attentive and knowledgeable, which for me is awesome as a vegan, and is not always the case. I ordered a Falafel bowl, and loaded it with half rice, half cracked wheat, topped with some of their red pepper hummous (all three of their hummous options are phenomenal by the way, and they will let you try anything essentially) lettuce, pickles, pickled turnips, pickled cabbage, more chickpeas, because why not, and some other veggies, they have an abundance of options and I felt compelled to try as many as possible outside of onions as I just wasn't feeling the onions this day. They make your meat/falafel option up fresh to order, at least they did my falafel and the meat orders of the family that was in. I think they have a dedicated falafel frier which is also good, but it might be shared with some meat products so if this bothers you, ask. five minutes after ordering, I had my falafel balls in the bowl, and I was ready to go, although I also asked them about this chickpea soup I was interested in, and they gave me a sample of that, so hurray for more chickpeas!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!My falafel bowl was aaaaaaaaamazing. I topped it with tahini and garlic spread, but they have other sauces available if your not a fan of either. The falafels were perfect, crisp outside, soft but not overly soggy center, its probably one of the best falafel balls I have had outside of Dearborn. My sampled chickpea soup was probably one of the best soups I have ever had at a restaurant, ever. I don't know what it is, but that spice blend is done right for sure. Next time I go I will make sure I get a bowl of it, but I didn't want to load up on too much heavy stuff before I had a hockey game later that day. The food is done right and is fresh here, what brings me to my biggest issue with this place. How in the heck did I get so much good tastes in my mouth for only $4.50!!! true, a falafel sandwich may only cost you 4.00 or a little less at another restaurant, but you don't get 4  large perfect patties like I got, and that's just for basic falafel, and maybe a little bit of lettuce, some pickles, and a little bit of tahini in a pita. I got a large, super filled bowl of foods....4.50, I don't get it! with the concept, and execution, id expect to pay no less than 5, but maybe that's just me, and I know rice and cracked wheat can be pretty cheap, but still, a burrito bowl at chipotle runs quite a bit more, and is just as filling, and that's a chain restaurant. Whether or not I gain the ability to comprehend the awesome that is this place, I will be back for sure! and next time I will try their lentil soup, but probably order a bowl of the chickpea =)
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,9/28/2014,398,356,5,10,9>I can't even. I can't even go to Mexican town without walking through their door. I can't even leave here without an entitre tray of pastries. And I can't even go a few days without all of it being eaten. There is so much selection. This is the mexican version of an Astoria and I am all about it. Hands down, this is my main spot in Mexicantown. It offers everything you'd want in a food location: great service, consistency in great products, great atmosphere, a nice variety of selections. And as far as that goes, I am literally paralyzed by selection when I walk in the place. I try to get new things every time I come here and I always wonder how many times I will have to drop in in order to try everything once. This is a must for anyone going to Mexicantown and they are very inexpensive. It takes away at least some of the guilt of leaving with a heaping tray of their goodies.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,9/27/2014,281,82,10,12,12>I live a few blocks away and have lived here in the East Jefferson area for about 10 years now.... I remember coming here when the two Eastern European women ran this place..... that was then and this is now.... hipsters !Rose's is a unique place and perhaps too unique for most in the hood here, but I am captivated.... you see up until now, I only ever looked at my own girlfriend's cake. I would not eat another cake... it was not going to be as rich and moist as my girlfriend's cake. I came here to Rose's Fine Foods one day to have breakfast and after finishing, owner hipster pastry chef young woman showed me her cake. It was right next to me and she lifted off the cover and it was as if a whole new world opened up. I could tell how good it was, how rich and creamy, how moist and wonderful. I keep thinking about that cake now. It might take a while to order anything but cake and a coffee now. Probably won't be taking my girlfriend here anytime soon too.They have a great little menu here where everything is homemade or made from scratch of the best ingredients that they can find. I really like the Up Stream Sandwich which is a fresh Great Lakes catch (fish) with herb aioli and garlicky cucumber salad.  I am also liking the chicken sandwich that they have... The Cluck, which is a house-smoked, pulled chicken dressed with Rose's BBQ sauce and picnic slaw.I can't get over her cake though....
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,9/26/2014,12,121,5,11,8>Love it.   The Vinsetta Garage has a great buzz about it and I like my restaurants with buzz.  My husband and I have met here after work for dinner (and to let the traffic die down) before heading home.  There is a great selection of beer (including several local varieties) and cocktails and a terrific menu.  Groovy tunes in the background add to the vibe of the place and it can get a little loud, but that's ok.  I can vouch for mac and cheese and pizza - both outstanding.  I have a hard time picking what to eat because everything looks so good, but those two are definite winners.  As other reviewers (and the name of the place) have said, the Vinsetta Garage is a converted garage - there is amazing light that comes in through the windows.  There is seasonal outdoor seating and a few benches inside by the host area if you are waiting for a table.  And if you are there for dinner after work, you will probably have a bit of a wait.   It's worth it, though.  Service is great, food is excellent - great stuff over all.Valet parking is available.  There is no lot parking otherwise.  We've never used the valet parking because the side street right next to the restaurant has street parking available - and hey, after eating dinner here a little walk can't hurt!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,9/25/2014,96,224,4,7,7>Today was my fourth visit. - Blood Mary:  Had it twice. The rim has a salty and coffee quality to it, not as salty as a celery salt rim like I receive at most places.  First time I had it the flavor was much more pronounced, today I didn't notice.  Good Mary though!- Sy Ginsberg Corned Beef & Hash: Total win.  Totally fresh, and made to perfection.  Props to fellow Yelper Eric S. for the recommendation of adding sautéed onions, asking for eggs poached soft, and hollandaise on the side.  Ohmehgurd! I eat the eggs with yummy hollandaise and some corned beef hash, then after that I go crazy on the remaining hash with franks red hot. - Buffalo Crispy Chicken Sandwich:  This was on a lunch menu card, maybe a special?  It was a crispy buffalo chicken breast on a toasted brioche bun with crumbled blue cheese, blue cheese dressing, shredded lettuce, tomato, and pickle.  Served with some crunchy and hot waffle fires (waffle fries were special, no longer available).  This sandwich was awesome.  The crispy chicken breast was clearly dunked in a bowl of buffalo glory. Blue Cheese crumbles were bountiful, and the dressing mixed with the shredded lettuce. POW!I've always had nice service, and food quality has been good.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2014,9/24/2014,196,355,3,11,9>Hubby and I stopped in here about 4pm on the Sunday before Memorial Day, after visiting the Samurai exhibit at the DIA.  Although, apparently, the place is usually hopping on a Sunday, we were the only ones in the joint, so we got especially attentive service from the friendly and knowlegable bartender.  We lucked into a Sunday brunch situation.  Yep, all day Sunday is brunch at Maccabees, $15.00 for an entree and a drink.  We both opted for a bloody Mary and we both agree it is the best bloody we've had in a long time.  Definitely going to be back for another. My entree (hard to call it breakfast at 4pm) was an egg & bacon sandwich with garlic aioli and a side of home fries.  Hubby opted for the bacon burger with a side of French fries.  Both were delish.The interior of Maccabees is delightful.  It's got a Romanesque feel to it, with plenty of sun streaming in from the large front windows.  I didn't know it at the time, but  the Maccabees building that houses the restaurant is on the National Register of Historic Places.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,9/23/2014,123,129,3,10,8>Man, this place is gooooood! Our order:Wild mushroom frittata, southwestern frittata, roasted potatoes, walnut cherry bread, cappuccino, and a chia late. Everything was superb! The wild mushroom was probably my favorite, but the sauce that came with the SW was sooo good! I started dipping my potatoes in it and it was awesome haha. The cherry walnut bread is made in house and served with a lemon butter and cherry/apricot compote. The bread was perfectly toasted and the flavors meshed together very well. I should have ordered two orders of it it was that good! A little steep at $3 for just two smaller slices. With all of it being made in house it's not that bad, just wish it was a little larger slices.This was just delicious, I would come back for sure!
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2014,9/22/2014,71,306,9,12,12>It is two attractions in one stop.  Greenfield Village is the outdoor attraction and the Henry Ford Museum is the indoor experience.  We spend more time in the Village during the summer and fall months while spending time in the Museum on poor weather, winter or extremely hot days.  The A/C is worth the visit sometimes.Greenfield Village is a series of homes, workshops and lifestyle of a time's past.  Be sure to visit the artisan workshops versed in glass blowing, metal arts, candles and typesetting.  Make a point to stop in at the Firestone Farm and greet the ladies working over a hot stove or the men working the fields.  Take in a Model T ride, a train ride or a spin on the carousel.  Check out seasonal events like the Motor Muster, Civil War reenactment and old-timey baseball.  Walk on stilts, roll a hoop or a little bean bag gaming.  Take it all in.  If you're going to eat at one place, save your dining dollars for the Eagle Tavern.  Seasonal fare of a time gone by and the food is just delicious.  The new kids play area is well planned and enclosed so stop being a hover parent and let them play while you grab a seat in the shade.The Henry Ford Museum is great for the whole family.  You'll like the collections of cars, aviation, furniture, machines, jewelry, silver, farm equipment and trains.  Make sure you climb up on the Allegheny and get your picture taken with it.  It's huge.  Stroll and take your time.  Watch the converted drive-in movie to the movie about cars and the industries than spun off from them  Interesting.  To eat, you can't go wrong with the footlong hotdog at the Weinermobile Cafe, a BLT at Lamey's Diner or local fare at the Michigan Cafe. We have an annual, family pass and visit here about every three weeks.  If you buy the family membership, add on the ride pass for the extra money.  It will pay for itself in two visits.  It's pricey, no doubt but it's only expensive if you never go.  Go 2-3 in one year and it too pays for itself.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2014,9/21/2014,73,199,5,4,4>Say, do you like burgers, do you like alcohol? Do you like eating burgers and alcohol in a cool setting? Then why don't you head to Public House and eat some burgers and drink some alcohol in a cool setting. You sometimes can get your burger braised with beer while you eat homemade chips with chipotle mayo! Chips dipped in mayo - so god damn America. Go here. Especially if you are a hipster and like places that have vinyl and lots of whiskey. Even if you aren't a hipster and don't like whiskey, go here and get some Japanese whiskey. It's a great time (no matter what time you go).
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2014,9/20/2014,50,136,6,7,6>My friends and I came here after dining at (revolver).  Based on what the bartender said, they gets lots of before and after patrons, and they didn't give us a hard time when we walked in with two half-full bottles of wine (which we obviously didn't drink from).  Also props for being a hipstery/dive bar that did not judge us for being obviously not hipster.  Also, they had the olympics opening ceremony on, and it was fun to hear the entire bar provide their own commentary.I had a delicious ginger beer, that was served as recommended on the bottle, served over ice and with a lime slice.  Yum!  Oh, and awesome/random jukebox tunes as well (consistently with the wide variety of patrons).My only complaint was the ladies bathroom.  The bathroom itself was not bad, but the, ahem, toilet area, was so gross that I really wished I hadn't broken the seal when I was at (revolver).  Perhaps it's not always this bad, but approach with caution and don't say you weren't warned.  With that said, I'll definitely be back, but I'll just plan on saving the seal breaking until I get home :-)
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,9/19/2014,214,174,3,10,8>I had a little trouble explaining what this place was when asked, so I went to the website to see how they explained it themselves...."It's not everyday that a fully-equipped professional mega kitchen with an event space becomes available to the community. Today is that day.Take a class, teach a class, host an event, test equipment, create beautiful menus, eat a great meal, grow a food business and more. The Great Lakes Culinary Center was created to build culinary dreams and fuel food passions. With absolutely everything located under one roof; the Great Lakes Culinary Center is destined to become the favorite new "food place to be".Venue FeaturesThousands of square feet of usable space, with indoor and outdoor seating options.- Fully equipped kitchen with specialized cooking features.- Seats up to 150 people.- Holds up to 200 seated and strolling guests.= Tables, linens, stemware, china and buffet service equipment available for rentalMenus available soon!"Well, that sort of paints a picture of what to expect, but not EXACTLY.  This spot sells high-end commercial kitchen equipment.  Customers can come to this site to test the equipment in the kitchen, the dish room and/or the bar.  That's cool.  Actually, it's really cool.What they don't explain (exactly) is this is also event space.  So if said commercial customers want to bring in a big staff of people to check it/test it out, they could.  That's cool too.And again, what isn't exactly clear, is that if you just want a cool place for an event, they are available for rentals!  Top notch chefs, using top notch equipment for your next event.  SO. VERY. COOL.And it just keeps getting cooler.  They recently added a completely organic food-to-table garden along side the building.  I am loving this place!  The women who run the gardens (Carol Shapiro Havis of TheraGardens) also do special programs and events on healthy eating, organic gardening and more.  I brought a group of 25 people to check out the facility, hear the background of the company and the building and how they are constantly expanding their focus and had a tour of the gardens.  They even set up a little planting station for everyone to plant and take home a little sunflower or snap pea.  And the price was REASONABLE.  I highly recommend checking it out if you are looking for a cool venue.  Or if you're looking for high end commercial restaurant equipment.  Or if you want to learn a little about organic gardening.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2014,9/18/2014,190,319,2,9,7>Finally Nom Nom's has opened on E. Kirby! I rode past a couple of times and got excited for a cupcake shop in the Wayne State area. Today I visited and it is the cutest cupcake shop I've seen lately. They offer over 100 different varieties of cupcakes on the menu. I have not freqented the other 2 locations, so I am new to Nom Nom's. I went for the economical route. I bought cupcakes that were baked from the day before (like day old bread). They were offered at 1/2 off and packaged in the cooler. I felt confident in buying the variety pack offered. I tried the red velvet cupcake. It was moist and had cream cheese icing. In addition to cupcakes, they offer coffee. I grabbed a cup of joe and made my own concoction from the flavor bar they have. I went for the eggnog and cinnamon flavored syrups. The organic blend of coffee was a nice compliment to the cupcakes. The decor is fairy themed and colorful. The staff was friendly, welcoming, and gave good suggestions as I told them I was new. They sell t-shirts and logo mugs. They are in the same space at Detroit Pizza Co. and have a meal deal with them that includes cupcakes. They do wedding cakes and other baked goods (by advance order). I look forward to going back and trying some fresh baked cupcakes especially the Tequila Lime and Amaretto flavor when they are on the menu.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2014,9/17/2014,209,59,5,12,11>Came here in search of Banh Mi comparable to Cali's Little Saigon mecca of Banh Mi. Yeah, I get that Madison Height's is the Ultra Mini Little Saigon of Michigan but a girl can hope right?There are so many components to the perfect Banh Mi: 1) Baguette: needs a crunchy exterior and soft interior. Each bite should yield crispy crumbs that fall onto the table and make a ginormous mess. Must not be so damn crunchy that it scrapes the roof of your mouth! {lookin' at you Lee's Sandwich!}2) Do chua: pickled daikon & carrots3) Meats/protein: Ch or Ch La (Pork Roll), Tht Ngui (Cured pork cold cuts), Giò Thú (Headcheese),  Paté, Cá Mòi (Sardines), Trng Chien or Op La (Fried Egg). If Vegetarian there's tofu and wheat gluten options as well as the fried egg4) Mayo: Kewpie (the Japanese mayo brand) is best5) Fresh herbs like Cilantro sprigs6) Cucumber Slices7) Jalapeno slices (you don't have to eat it if you're a wuss, take it out. But it must be there!)8) Maggi soy sauce (yes, preferably Maggi brand. Taste test it alone. Its like sriracha of soy sauce! The one and only!)So with that in mind, I wanted the pork belly sandwich instead of Dac Biet aka special b/c I'm not a fan of headcheese. Pate yes, head cheese, no. Too much weird crunch going on. With the pork belly I can judge their rice dish and vermicelli without having to order them b/c that's the same meat they use. The meat was perfect. Just the right amount of flavor and juicy lean:fat ratio. I ordered my sandwich true Viet style with a fried egg b/c that's how I like it. Don't expect a runny yolk for yolkporn b/c whenever you ask for it fried, its gonna be sunny side up with a thoroughly cooked yolk. You want yolk porn, tell them. The condiments were all perfect, a few full length sprigs of cilantro (stem included), just the right amount of pickled veggies, long spears of cucumbers and a jalapeno slice. Which I can handle the heat b/c really, there's not much pith to make it THAT spicy. My friends ordered Pho Dac Biet and and an avocado sinh to (shake) which they liked. I'll be back to try the pho and vermicelli dishes as well. So far, next to Thuy Trang, Que Huong is probably the 2nd most legit Vietnamese restaurant I've found in MI.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,9/16/2014,1388,1056,8,16,16>I have long been a fan of Cuppy's primarily take out joint on Michigan Ave. They make the best fried pork chops, shrimp, catfish and grilled barbecue chicken served up with scratch made sides of deliciousness. What is not to like? I discovered what I was missing here. A place to sit and relax! Appetizers! Yep, just more things to love.I was thrilled to arrive at their new business. A month plus without Cuppy's was a hard wait. We found a table for ourselves and were quickly given a friendly greeting. I knew I wanted the catfish and shrimp combo. Two pieces of perfectly cooked catfish and five jumbo shrimp. My husband was jealous, he wanted the shrimp but was torn because he wanted fried pork chops too. No problem, they created a combo for him with two pork chops and five shrimp. Yep. Without a blink. We told them they need to call it the James West or the Wild Wild West ;).For sides it was a no brainer. There is no losing out here but we have our pet faves. James gets yams with extra juice. Yes, I know. He loves the sweet. He also must always have mac and cheese. It is damn good. My standard side picks in the summer are the fabu pasta salad (with or without shrimp added works) and potato salad. I like these two so much I have come in just to get containers of these to go. I also love the greens, the mashed potatoes and the cabbage (as well as the husband's faves).The barbecue items here are always stellar, anything coming off that grill rocks. The fried meats are never a bit greasy, a rare feat. I am always happy. They serve up big portions and everything is made with love. It is hands down the best soul food I have ever had. Hey they were even recently featured on G Garvin's show. I am not alone in my love. The desserts here are incredible but I think they will have to be to go for me still. I eat far too much meal wise. Anything else would bust me out of my pants I am sure. I have had cakes, banana pudding, pies (including bean) and everything has been worth the calorie splurge.The owners here, Cuppy and Joseph are just such wonderful people. Friendly, talented and just awesome. They make everyone feel so welcomed and at home. I am thrilled to see them making the leap up. You can still get take out here of course but I think I prefer sitting down and enjoying the place myself. I cannot recommend them highly enough.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,9/15/2014,104,162,9,8,10>My lady wanted me to go get my 'nails did' for Easter. Things were supposed to be all fine and dandy with us getting some time off of work, however her work schedule didn't allow her to take the day off today.  We had already made an appt... and I sucked it up and just went for it.  I walked into a nail salon... of all girls.    I felt completely out of place, however... there was nothing much I coudl do about it.   They asked if I had an appt.. which we had... and they got right to it.   And yes ladies, I'll admit, I did not know that there was that much nastiness on the bottoms of our feet.   I also didn't know that cheese graders were allowed to be apart of the arsenal to take care of the feet.   But throughout the entire experience, I will have to say that the technician that was doing my nails did a fantastic job (what do I really have to compare them to?)   and was very friendly with me...  And I can also say that the massage chairs for the manicure were great.   I could go for one of those.   :)  But even for being a guy, and walking into a completely outnumbered situation... I still had a good time, and it was an enjoyable experience.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,9/14/2014,78,272,1,14,7>We stopped by here because several people mentioned it to me recently.  We raise a lot of our own meats on our farm but it's always nice to see a small brick and mortar selling quality products.We searched out products that we don't have at home and were pleasantly surprised to find Buffalo, Elk, and a lot of other exotics.  My boy LOVED the Elk!!!  There are a lot of sausages, grass fed meats, free range, and organics.  If you are picky about your meat products then you're gonna love this place.  BRING LOTS OF MONEY!!!  They have a nice selection of pastas, and dry goods.  A lot of the products aren't priced.  I knocked a star off because it really makes shopping difficult when you have to ask how much everything is.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,9/13/2014,69,416,3,9,9>While not the cheapest place on the planet, we really enjoyed our recent dinner visit.  There were four of us and we had drinks and dessert.  The tab came to about $ 220 for the four of us with tip and tax.The food was great and so was the service.  This is not a white tablecloth and linen napkin kind of a place, but more a modern upscale trendy eatery that focuses on the freshest ingredients and careful preparation.  I ordered nice creamy and cheesy French onion soup, a simple Arugula salad and a tasty Roast Half Chicken that came with mixed vegetables, grilled sausage and mozzarella cheese.  The chicken was perfectly cooked and because the tasty sauce from the vegetables and the sausages complimented the chicken meat, there was not a dry spot in the breast meat.  There was more than enough to eat.  My wife ordered a salad as her starter and it was so large that she brought more than half of it home.One of our party is a vegetarian and he ordered a combo vegetarian dinner that included different wines for each course.  A similar meat combo dinner was available that had samplings of appetizers, soups, salads, meat based entrees and a dessert.  It too came with wines matched to the food choices.The meal was great, the company was great and the service was just right.  We all agreed that we need to go back soon.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,9/12/2014,206,296,4,7,8>Over the years, downtown Mount Clemens has suffered in the recession. Shops are closing early or have closed down altogether. But Seeburger has really survived and truly makes a solid slider. Let's understand, these are Michigan size sliders (not a full burger but pretty close). You must try a combo (3 sliders of your choice, fries, and a drink for $6ish).Choices:Regular Burger (Solid)Turkey BurgerChickenFried FishVeggie Black Bean Burger (Very Solid)Cajun SalmonI only had the Regular Burger and Veggie - but I will try the turkey and salmon next time. In addition, I'm adding some sweet potatoes fries to my list of to dos!! So it's the summer after all, why not live a little and get a fried twinkle? Yes - they have all that carnival stuff here.Seeburger - I'm totally see you again!!! That was such a bad joke....
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,9/11/2014,33,144,3,8,9>Three trips to The Fish Market in Dearborn, and three extremely wonderful experiences. I'm not an amazing chef, but I've made sea scallops at home, a sea fish I don't quite remember, and now catfish and fresh oysters. Who has fresh, never-frozen oysters on demand in Wayne County? This place does.I found a recipe on the Internet for char-broiled oysters in the same vein as Drago's in New Orleans. I happened upon one of the best home-cooked meals I've had in years, and I like to think of myself as a decent cook. I credit the raw ingredients provided by this place with the quality of these meals.As most other commenters have mentioned, this place doesn't smell fishy. It is immaculately clean, with delightful counter staff and the best fresh seafood selection I've seen outside of Eastern Market.Beware: they stop cooking food to go at 5pm Monday through Thursday, so if you want a to-go order, make it early. But their raw fish is fresher than you could possibly hope for this far from the coasts, and the cooked dinners to go are delightful. I've heard their french fries are mediocre, but that would never be a reason to visit this place in my book.If you adore seafood as I do and you live in the Dearborn area and don't give this place a try, you are doing yourself a great disservice. I can't possibly think of anything they could do to improve this game they're playing, and I wouldn't have it any other way.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,9/10/2014,47,100,2,11,5>We noticed this restaurant was opening up after our many visits to Menchies. So we actually visited after they were open for just a few days.The service was great! The owner actually came by to chat with us and told us this was her second location with the first being in Livonia.She gave us a complimentary order of Tod Mun which is a Thai fish cake that came with a sweet plum sauce. It was my first time trying it and it was really good!My hubs is a sucker for fried rice so he ordered the Sweet Chili fried rice, I got the Pad Thai and we ordered a few pieces of sushi and the Yellowtail Carpaccio, this dish came highly recommended by the owner.Overall this is a solid Thai restaurant. Flavors were on point and authentic (the owner is Thai!) so you can't go wrong here! I'll be back for sure!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2014,9/9/2014,119,111,1,8,7>For Mexican-American food, Los Galanes is a must stop in Mexicantown. Their restaurant is clean, has a friendly staff, and a fun, colorful vibe. During warmer weather, enjoy the outdoor patio :)The food is, to me, run of the mill Mexican American food. Typical of most restaurants but Galanes has a few shining stars if you're interested in trying something more than tacos or enchiladas. I LOVE their mole enchiladas and this is one of the few places that does them. Just enough savory yet sweet mole sauce to entice your tastes buds, not too much to scare them away. Their seafood selection is always great since this is one of their regional specialities. I personally love their tortillas since they are homemade, in-house but based on previous reviews, you may have to come in and try for yourself.Because their food is consistent and good and I can count on a fun, clean environment I am definitely a fan!!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,9/8/2014,137,360,6,9,10>I quietly made vulgar noises the whole time I was eating. Every single bite I put into my mouth was a near-euphoric experience and I'm still dreaming about it the morning after.The bread and garlic spread were the first to hit the table and my palate. Honestly, I could eat the condiment in spoonfulls - or let's just cut to the chase and hook it straight to my veins. The bread was puffed and sesame'd and perfect. The tabbouli was refreshing and the parsley was prepared just right - where you don't feel like you're chewing like a cow for twenty minutes on each bite nor are you picking out minuscule bits from your teeth for the next 12 hours. The shish tawook chicken was amazing - savory and bright and filling all at the same time. And you better believe I put the garlic spread on that, too. The restaurant itself is diner-esque, nice high ceiling, but with an odd choice of wall sponged-paint treatment. But did I care? No I did not, because my eyes were blurring from pleasure. Service was mildly disorganized. Again, I did not care because my cognitive functions were also disorganized from the flooring flavors of my meal.Super fresh food. Amazing layered flavors. Affordable (honestly, if you're not a huge eater, you can easily split one of their entrees with someone, get a side salad, and be pleasantly stuffed). The millionth reason why I think were I to move to Detroit, Hamtramck would be my jam.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,9/7/2014,46,57,5,8,8>Smells good - I had the munchies and needed a late night fix. Most of the local coney's and corner stores don't appeal to my hippie earthy need for quality junk food. Also the late hour narrowed my choices. Dangerously Delicious did not disappoint. The selections were creative and expanded beyond the conceived notions of pie. With savory selections I feel I couldn't do too bad on the sweet end. In my wanderlust for sugar I ordered an entire pie. I didn't need one, nor did my friends but I had to share the goodness.It was (forgive my poor memory/munchies) a chocolate, caramel and pecan pie aptly named the Motown Brown. Being a lover of all things vanilla, lemon and even coconut I was unsure of how this brown wonder would satisfy my craving. I was not disappointed. The caramel and pecans were the best part to me. The sweetness was balanced. No stomach or head aches after one and a half slices. The pie was thick not thin. It was presented and boxed for travel very well. I was also given a set of flatware and plates that came in handy. Warm and room temp it was a new and lovely taste for me. I'll be back.Oh and it's inside a bar.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,9/6/2014,49,753,6,16,11>I must start out with full disclosure, I am no doubt a carnivore ,love meat, gravitate to meat & consider a 20 ounce bone in ribeye a good start. With that being said. The consistent yelp love encouraged me to try this place.Went in on Monday 7-7-14 at 7:PM, grabbed a menu, scanned it & the 1st several yelp reviews on my droid.Brandon "BURST" onto the scene, "welcome to Clean Plates' is this your first visit?Yes..we want to choose wisely & not have buyers remorse.He told us the vision-passion- everything cooked to order,mostly local & organic.With multiple vegan-gluten free options.We each chose a soup, the bride gravitates to quinoa, so the quinoa -vegetable soup was the perfect selection ,which was a generous bowl for $3.25 which included a slice of Avalon organic bread5 starsI ordered the sweet potato & lentil soup, also $3.25 & I tried the Avalon gluten free bread .5 stars We shared /split the Greek wrap , on presentation alone 5 stars!Taste 6 Stars!It came with the choice of 3 various wraps, I chose an Ezekiel  Lavish WrapArtichoke hearts,Arugula grilled red onions, sweet peppers, feta cheese & a light yet flavorful Greek DressingWOW!I told the bride, I could switch to vegan in a New York Minute, if it was all this good!Also noteworthy was a regular customer who came in & ordered 6 pieces of the peanut butter desert , so good it was obviously worth the $5 a slice.Brandon has & displays an actual passion & excitement for his product, it was a joy to see a business owner that engaged & positive.I forgot to try the Kumbacha Tea, next visit.NOTE:the signage is not  as bold or large as one would hope, you'll pass it your first time buyit's about 200 yards north of Sonic.If you hit Lakeside blvd. North, you've gone too far.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,9/5/2014,58,54,5,9,9>This is my absolute favorite pizza place in the Detroit area. The place is located in a light industrial area and is easy to pass if you aren't looking out for it. I've been here many times and find myself ordering the same thing every time, antipasto salad and deep dish pizza. The antipasto is fresh and the farthest thing from a healthy salad as you can get, which is great. The pizza is the showstopper. The slices are massive bricks of crispy chewy dough with cheese melted and crusted on the edges. I always order extra sauce to drown my slices in. Also, if you want to leave your mark on the place, order a bottle of chianti and write something on the straw basket. They will hang it up and you can look for it next time you eat there. Or if you are a straight up wino, forget the basket and just order a carafe of wine, which is cheaper. Find my basket next time you are there!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,9/4/2014,173,266,2,7,9>Seriously from beginning to end, there wasn't a single thing I didn't like. Ok lie. I hated the parking lot! But seriously that was it. My hubby found this place for our 10 yr anniversary dinner. I know, I'm ashamed I didn't find it first considering I'm the Yelp person in the family. We had called ahead to book a reservation. The day of, we were running late and I phoned ahead to let them know our lateness. Everyone was so nice and understanding. We got seated overlooking Papa Joe's display of precooked food, looked really delicious! I ordered a bourbon orange. Quite yummy and shocking my lovely dinner dates. We started out with the shrimp cocktail, spicy tuna tacushi. I am in love with that tacushi! Omg! Genius! I never liked crunchy taco shells but this was different! Crispy and light and paired so well with spicy tuna. I ordered the red snapper with uh... The ball of rice that's fried? It was so good!! I ate nearly everything! Portion size was perfect! Wasn't too much that I could not make it to dessert. We had beignets to go with our cappuccinos. So good!! Love the gooey warm middle and crunchy outside of fried goodness. Must come back!  I would like to beg for more front parking but that's not going to happen.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,9/3/2014,146,322,9,10,7>I am really against cover charges. I hate them more than Rosie O'Donnell hates dieting, but I paid to get into this place. Why? Well, it was a birthday party of a good friend and a good time to experience a classy bar.You can't dress like a member of Nirvana if you want to get in here. I never get real dressy for bars, but I make exceptions every now and then. I wore khakis and black dress shoes with a nice polo and was good to go. When you dress up sometimes it just feels like you're ...on another level. Like you are a big shot, if only for a night.When you walk in you just see SPACE. There's a lot of room when nobody is in it. The tables on various sides are fancy as all hell, and a great place for couples to go to the side or for groups to hang out and drink and avoid the dance floor. Not many bars have these kinds of tables and setups. It is pretty fancy I must admit.The floor is b-e-a-u-tiful. Nice wood floor and great to dance on, whether you're grinding on a girl who wants none of it or doing the Cha Cha Slide. It's nicely waxed and free for all movements.And the drinks are too legit to quit. I drink whiskey and they made some strong whiskey-Coke drinks, I was bouncing off the walls with happiness. For $10 you should get some strong drinks, and that's the only way I like them.The people who come here are pretty attractive overall, not trashy or bringing a bad group of people with them. There were no problems that I saw when I was there; just good vibes all around. It's definitely worth a visit and a classy night out.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,9/2/2014,21,35,6,9,9>This is one of my favorite spots in Michigan, and my spouse, our friends and I can be found here quite regularly. The staff and cast are great- very funny, personable and accessible to their audience and guests. The bar menu is phenomenal- excellent drinks, creative craft cocktails, and an extensive selection of local brews. There are different types of improv, and it's important to know what to expect in order to have the best experience possible. This is not scene-work like Second City, but rather a series of improv games played competition style between two teams of improv'ers. The winners of each evenings competition are able to award prizes to members of the audience they choose to play for...and the competition (and thus the hilarity) is FIERCE. This is an adult-oriented, no-holds-barred comedy showdown, which means that swearing and sexual innuendo are not only likely, they're almost mandatory; but they never resort to base shock-value humor. The cast is smart, quick-witted and incredibly talented. Perfect for a first date (plan on a late dinner afterwards) and if you attend the 10:00 show, there's another free hour called "Name This Show" afterwards, where they test out some new games they're developing. Highly, highly recommended. Best entertainment value for your money in Metro Detroit.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2014,9/1/2014,148,80,33,21,19>Growing up around the Troy area, my Asian parents always made it clear that there were three causes for disownment: 1) Not being a doctor, laywer, or accountant 2) Getting a B on the report card3) Dining at Mon Jin Lau According to them, any Chinese restaurant worth its soy sauce should have a lazy susan, serve loose leaf tea, and have a portion of the menu entirely in Chinese characters with bad, sketchily translated English. A Chinese/Japanese/Korean/Thai-fusion-esque club/restaurant like MJL? A certifiable abomination and disgrace that one should shun. After reaching adulthood and having broken the first two sacraments, I thought to myself, "Why NOT complete the trifecta of sins??" Rebellion never tasted so good. I've since been to MJL for dinner, and to their bafflingly non-PC events like Shanghai Wednesdays, Happy Ending happy hours, and Yelloween. After a few of their delicious lychee cocktails, however, I cease to ponder the acumen of the individual charged with naming these affairs and turn my thoughts to how sweet and savory their roasted duck is. The happy hours are a fantastic deal also given the dishes offered, as well as the monthly "Geisha Wednesdays" where all "ladies (of the night?)" receive 50% off their food bill. All in all, a restaurant that can poke fun so blatantly, intentionally or unintentionally, at its roots gets an A on my report card. Combined that with honestly better quality food than most "authentic" Asian restaurants in metro-Detroit, that becomes an A+!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2014,8/31/2014,44,150,4,9,10>Noble Fish, you in danger girl.Well, actually, I suppose Noble Fish is safe from a sushi defection on my part since it's only five minutes from my humble abode, whereas Wow Sushi is a bit farther afield.  But believe me, it's worth a slightly longer drive.I walked in right after they opened at noon on a Saturday, and was immediately greeted and given an entire table to myself instead of having my party of one plunked down at the sushi bar.  The service was extremely polite and on the ball.  I ordered the D6 Lunch Special, which came with a tasty little cucumber salad and miso soup.Then out came the waiter bearing a tray with an absolutely obscene amount of fish.  For someone like myself who has a hollow leg when it comes to delicious sushi, I almost fainted with joy.  The lunch special I ordered came with a spicy tuna roll (my favorite) and it was absolutely perfect, with the exact amount of kick to it.  Everything else was wonderfully fresh and delicious, including the mini-salad.  All for just over $15, which is a steal considering I usually spend over $20 on takeout for myself at Noble Fish.  By the time I staggered out, I was already planning my next return visit!The restaurant itself was spick-and-span, with thoughtfully-placed screens between the side tables so my fellow diners couldn't watch as I went through my platter like a starving woman.  They weren't busy at all at noon on a Saturday, which was a pleasant surprise, especially considering the location.  I would imagine they'd be a bit busier during the week, though.Finally, my favorite thing (aside from the yumminess, of course) was the presentation.  Even for a lunch special, the food was beautifully arranged, and even the wasabi was piped out into a pretty little shape, something I've never seen anywhere else.  It's obvious that the chefs here take pride in their work and recognize that we feast with our eyes as well.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/29/2014,52,55,4,7,8>My friend had a small intimate wedding reception upstairs at the Local and I have to say it was beautiful. I give the place 4 stars out of 5 because the hostesses weren't very helpful. Other than that.. I would recommend this place if you're looking for a small wedding reception/fancy dinner/rehersal dinner/small group gathering venue. I think it was a bit pricey but I think it was well worth it.The food was exceptional! Her menu consisted of salmon, breaded chicken, asparagus, an arugula salad and macaroni and cheese. You had the choice of putting candied bacon on top of your macaroni. CANDIED BACON PEOPLE. It was such a great addition to the already creamy and cheesy macaroni and the salmon was off the chain (do people still say that?) My aunt who is not a huge salmon fan still to this day talks about how good the salmon was at my friends wedding.The venue was absolutely beautiful. Dim purple lighting (you can change the lighting to the mood that you're trying to set), the chairs are not your typical fold up picnic table chairs, and the bar was perfectly set to the side so you could enjoy your cocktail without running into other tables of running into the dance floor. Check out the website because it does a great job portraying different pictures of the venue you can rent upstairs.Looking forward to visiting the actual restaurant; the patio looks awesome for the summer.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,8/28/2014,12,171,5,6,8>The Redford Theatre is an absolute gem. I grew up going to second run, single auditorium, somewhat mangy theatres in the East Side inner ring burbs like the Roseville, the Shores and the Eastwood. I used to go to Monday Night movies at the State (Fillmore) Theatre back in the day. I've been regularly attending the DFT for the past 20 years. I go see flicks at the old Burton school and even go to suburban multiplexes once in a blue moon. I've hit the drive-in a couple of times. But if you'd ask me to describe the quintessential movie-going experience, I'd say it's the Redford Theatre.  And I'd never been here for a movie until Friday night! As an eastsider, it was just so far off my radar. I did make it here in 2011 to see the Trailer Park Boys live show, and that was an uproarious, magical, highly intoxicated night.  So much so that I couldn't turn it into a Yelp review. Live shows aren't what the Redford Theatre usually does, and although I made sure not to get blackout until after the show, I was hammered and stoned. It was a swell time and they tolerated us maniacs very well is all I can really say about that night.   So coming here on Friday, it was almost like I was seeing the place for the first time. Without an unruly mob stretching around the block, past the liquor store, the marquee dominated the block. The ticket booth is just that, a booth unconnected to the building, so be ready to stand in the elements and wait if need be. There was a hot dog cart out front, and I was tempted to buy one, but thought I'd see if they had anything that could pass as a meal for sale inside first.     There's no hot dogs, burgers or the like for sale at the Redford Theatre concessions, although they seem to have all the staples covered - popcorn, soda and lots of candy - Kit Kats, Skittles, Hot Tamales, licorice, even SnoCaps, which I think I've only see people eat at the movies, water and even sugar free candies, some of which were those old hard candy that old people like for some reason. I don't think I saw nachos, which are probably too new school to the mainstream to get a slot there. They do support the Detroit junk food home teams by selling both Faygo and Better Made. The really great thing is the prices, which are also retro. I think the most expensive thing is the large popcorn for $4, and it's appropriately gigantic. I got a Rock n. Rye Faygo and a regular Better Made chips my first trip there, and a small popcorn and a water my second. The folks behind the counter were super nice, and told me they did sell hot dogs for one show his year, and the response was so great they're considering bringing them back. I say go for it.   The door person told me I could bring in a hot dog from the cart, which was awesome. She told me I had to bring her one, too, then it became one for each of three other co-workers standing there, and then she said she was just joking, and then said no bring one for her, and then said no, she was joking again. Honestly, I'm not sure if she ended up on no or yes, and then she teased me about it again when I came back in with only one. And hell, I would have brought her one once I found out everybody working there is volunteers! Now they're really saints for hosting a full house of Trailer Park Boys fans.   The lobby had a couple of tables set up selling t-shirts, VHS tapes, pens, music cassettes and LPs. The t-shirts either sport a Redford Theatre logo and line drawing or an image and some script from a movie that's shown recently. That won't be anything recent since the Redord Theatre only shows classics.   There was also an information table with details on restoration efforts and volunteer forms. That's a bit much for me so I just filled out a note card for the suggestion box: Raging Bull on one side, and The Big Lebowski on the other. I also wish they had Instant Classic nights where they'd show newer movies that most people believe will stand the test of time. I didn't write that on one of the little cards so I'm just throwing it out here.    The lobby also had a girl dressed as Carrie in her prom dress and all covered in blood! And a wood board you could stick your face in to make it look like your face was Carrie White's! That's because I went to an 11 PM showing of Carrie! And, somehow, I had never seen Carrie before! So I got two birds stoned off the bucket list at once!    The seats aren't the best. I shifted quite a bit and put a foot up on the armrest of the empty in front of me a lot. Suck it up. It's worth it.    The organ has a lift that takes it up to the level of the stage and then back down again when the music stops. I think I caught about half the set, and wish I would've heard the whole thing.    I just found out Yelp reviews have a 5000 character limit! No place has ever made me type this much on here. So like Kill Bill, which they should show at Redford Theatre, this is getting split into 2 parts. TO BE CONTINUED...
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,8/27/2014,20,183,1,9,7>This was such a treat! We started the evening off with the fig salad and the pea salad (special for the day). The fig salad restored my faith that figs could taste excellent. They were served warm with some goat cheese, honey, pistachios, and some herbs. I thought I'd died and gone to heaven. The pea salad was equally tasty with big chunks of bacon, carmelization on the pea pods, shallots, and lots of fresh herbs in a beautiful brown sauce. For the main course we all split a watermelon salad, the lamb burger, the seafood soup, and the mushroom soup. The watermelon salad was fresh, crisp, and had a good balance of sweet, salty, and fresh. The lamb burger was cooked perfectly and exploded in your mouth with perfectly married flavors. The seafood soup had an ample amount of actual seafood in it, and was rich, creamy, and not overly fishy. Finally, the mushroom soup was a dream come true. It was herby, rich, and loaded with all sorts of wild mushrooms and noodles in a beautiful broth. I didn't think it could get any better, but we finished our night with a mixed berry pie and icecream and I thought I could die of happiness. The icecream was simple and very vanilla, and the pie was almost like an oatmeal cookie crumble crust with a splendid blend of berries in the middle. On top of all that the beer and drink menu is ample and well priced. I had the cold toddy and highly recommend it. This was a great evening and the waitstaff was very friendly.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,8/26/2014,39,113,4,8,7>Maybe 4 stars is stretching it just a little bit, but Kong Kow is definitely worth trying at least once. The waitress, Li, is a real character. She is an adorable older lady with lots of sass and sarcasm, but is also incredibly sweet and welcoming and genuinely cares that you enjoy your meal. The décor doesn't look like it has ever been updated, which only adds to the charm. Despite being extremely old-school in appearance, the restaurant is very clean, kitchen included. Like the ambience, the food is also classic American-style Chinese. What sets Kong Kow apart from other places serving this type of food is the freshness of the ingredients. Veggies still have a bit of life left in them, and the chicken was of much higher quality than I expected; no hard or gristly bits, even in the breaded & fried pieces. My only complaint is that the food is a little bland. Despite being made from good quality ingredients, I wish the sauces were more intensely flavorful. I ended up dousing my entree in plum sauce and soy sauce, and considered asking for some chili oil, too. I would probably come back if I happened to be in the area. The food was decent and cheap and didn't leave me feeling ill afterward like fried food often does. There were not many patrons while we were there during peak dinner hours on a Saturday night, so I bet they could use the business, which they certainly deserve.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,8/25/2014,63,73,5,12,9>Not sure what I was thinking with my prior review (4 stars), because this place really is a gem.Last time I went I loved the spicy fried chicken, but merely liked the soy-garlic.  Perhaps they've upped the flavor ante since then, or perhaps my taste buds were previously a little saturated from the spicy variety (which I stupidly tried first last time), but the soy-garlic is spectacular.  Make sure to eat them nice and hot, and you'll get a really nice aromatic hit from them before you break into the crispy skin.  Worth the trip by the themselves, and at $6 for 4 pieces, I don't see much reason to hit Chicken Shack again for a quick fried chicken fix.I've also now sampled the budae jjigae (army base stew), which was packed with flavor and heat.   I liked that they didn't ask how spicy I wanted it either, they just prepared it the way they thought it'd be best.  TONS of tofu and chunks of meat, too, so it wasn't all just soup and kimchi.Beyond that, they've got a wide range of Korean interpretations of italian pasta (which is popular over there from what I understand), a bunch of little "street food" items, and obviously many other varieties of stew.  Honestly, this place could be a real phenomenon with the right kind of promotion.The couple that own the place (and cook, and serve, etc.) are the nicest people, too.  Originally from the Gangnam area of Seoul - before it went upscale, they told us - they just love cooking their favorite food for customers.  Simple as that.EDIT: They also seemed to have hired some staff recently - there was a huge table the last time I went and the two young waitresses seemed to have everything humming along for them.  That would seem to address one of the few complaints I've read thus far...Love this place.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,8/24/2014,29,146,3,16,11>Was greatly looking forward to eating here based off the French pedigree and the talent behind it.  Went for Valentine's Day and it did not disappoint.  All told, this was the best meal I've ever had in the state of Michigan and one of the 15-20 or so best I've had anywhere.Let's get down to the specifics:Went in planning on the tasting menu (which is composed solely of dishes pulled off the a la carte side) but in the end, ended up sort of making our own with various apps and entrees pulled together.  Very glad we did.Started off with glasses of some delicious champagne from the champagne cart staffed by an impossibly congenial woman.  Ordered the black truffle risotto with molasses glazed sweetbreads, lobster ravioli, scallops with tagliotelli carbonara, and the foie gras with squab.Lobster ravioli was very good, scallops and pasta was delicious, risotto was amazing but the sweetbreads (possibly my favorite food) were surprisingly firm, almost like the texture of boiled chicken?  It was the lone part of the night that wasn't executed flawlessly.  The foie gras........well, probably one of the 20 or so best plates of food I've ever had.  That confit squab, dear God.  Go and get 2 or 3 servings of this foie.  Ask for more mini brioche to spread it on.  Amazing.For an entree I went with the duck a la orange.  Best duck dish I've ever had and I order it whenever I see it.  Perfectly cooked.  Fiancee has the sea bass with some Asian flavoring, bok choy, etc.  Perfect.  Perfectly cooked.  It's not possible for fish to be cooked any better than that particular piece of fish was cooked.  ( If you'll allow a quick tangent - this goes back to my unabashed criticism of the cooking/pricing of Coach Insignia.  Same ~35 dollar price tag for a fish entree.  One cooked and seasoned to absolute spoon dropping perfection.  The other, overcooked to the point of being inedible coupled with not even the most rudimentary of flavors, salt)  I digress, flawless entrees.Saved up enough room for the lemon/coffee tart for dessert.  Whimsical and delicious.Had a litany of waiters/servers attending to us throughout the evening.  Wonderful service.A wine list with a surprising number of excellent and not terribly priced options by the glass or bottle.Certainly won't be a place I frequent repeatedly due to its semi out of the way location and 250 dollar price tag for 2, but this was flat out the tastiest, most flawlessly executed food I've ever had in state.  Great work.  Now I need to hit the gym.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,8/23/2014,229,201,5,10,8>Very long over due review for this Salon! I've been going here ever since it opened but have followed for years many of the stylists before they all came together here. I mostly see William for highlights and cuts. William knows his stuff, he has mad skill, he's very friendly and he's always on time with his appointments with me. He listens to what you want and makes you leave with beautiful healthy looking hair. He never pushes any products they sell but if you ask questions about what products to use William and his staff are very knowledgable about them all. I've also get blowouts from time to time. I love the way Marco makes a few waves in my hair while blowdrying...always looks amazing!Every time I come here which is at least every 2 months I see nothing but perfection beautiful hair leaving the salon. The whole staff is friendly and skillful. Parking is easy as there's a covered parking structure next to the salon. The first 2 hrs are free which is a bonus!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2014,8/22/2014,76,258,1,11,7>Wow!  What an awesome place!  Came here last night for dinner with hubs and a friend and we were blown away.  The space is small but we were greeted right away and they had a spot for us in the back.  Our waitress was super attentive all night and we never had to ask for refills or anything.The beer list was huge and very impressive - they were only out of 1, but they quickly replaced it with a new beer.  I recommend getting a flight if you're unfamiliar with the beers - there's a 4 beer flight for $10 or a 6 beer flight for...I'm not sure how much.  Maybe $15?  I went with the 4 beer sampler and was very happy.  Plus, text 'Ale' to 411669 and you get $2 off your first beer sampler! Plus they'll text you with upcoming Ale Mary events! Glad our awesome server told me about that :-)For dinner, hubs and I got the fish & chips, beer cheese dip and cornbread.  Everything was delicious.  The fish was suuuuper crispy on the outside, and hot and tender inside - very well cooked.  The beer battered fries were also perfectly fried, very crispy...I didn't even need salt or ketchup for them.  The beer cheese dip is a cream cheese/beer combo that is out of this world.  It comes with soft pretzels and pita chips to dip...I could've eaten the pretzels and cheese all night!  And the cornbread...ohhh the cornbread....so dense, so perfectly sweet....it was like heaven.  YUM.  Get it, thank me later.  I seriously can not wait to come back here!  The only reason for 4 stars is the price...it was a little expensive, but I'll gladly pay more money for phenomenal food/service.  If they keep it up I'll definitely bump it up to 5!
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,8/21/2014,149,123,3,9,7>Street tacos in Midtown! Yay!This little gem of a taco stand is located at the back of Marcus Market, right across from the Bronx Bar.  Now, note, it's just that, a TACO STAND. There's no seating and it's not what you'd call a full scale restaurant. But, in my experience, the best street tacos are usually not in full-service restaurants, so that doesn't bother me in the slightest!I've tried quite a few varieties and enjoyed them all. The barbacoa is the best, that's a must. The chicken was okay, and the carnitas was really good.  They also have tasty salsas you can add to spice them up, or just stick to a nice squeeze of lime.There are better tacos in southwest Detroit, but if you're in this neighborhood this is a great little secret to have on your list!  You can also buy beer from the market while you wait for your food and then enjoy a cold one if you choose to stand and eat at the little bar in back while you chow down on your tacos.Also of note, I don't know if they make their own chips or buy them from somewhere, but their chips rock. Highly addictive. I usually find there's not enough salsa for the quantity of chips, but I continue eating them all anyway. Definitely worth adding to your order.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,8/20/2014,48,116,2,9,9>I'm quite a fan or TRB. It's a nifty gifty place. I think of it as a treasure hunt. Even if you don't find something, the thought of maybe getting something nobody else has is thrilling.Upon entering you will find yourself surrounded with a bunch of people who love what they are selling. You will not find anyone who is just sitting these bored with being at a job they don't like. For the most part, the person handling your transaction is the shop "owner" or creator of the goods you just loved. By you purchasing, you made their day. That should make you feel good. If it doesn't well then I don't know what to tell you.What you should do is scoop something up when you see it. If you are planning on coming back later to pick up a kitschy item, it's not going to be there. Don't kick yourself for doing this. Remember if you like it someone else probably does too-hence why you should just get it.The downside is that like Art in Market, the local artisans have to make their cut. In layman's terms-things can be pricey. I'm not saying that is right or wrong, just expect it. You may see something you can make and wonder where the pricing came from. If you don't want to pay that, go make it yourself. As a local artist myself I understand both sides. Stop in every now and then, you will not be disappointed:)
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2014,8/19/2014,402,837,2,10,10>I've had this place on my list of things to do for some time.  Now that the weather's nice, I finally got a chance to swing down here. For starters, the place is free to get into, which was awesome! Parking was iffy, but there are lots available around.  When I walked in, I was amazed at the whole place. Colorful, and loaded with Detroit history.  The first exhibit that I walked into was a history of Detroit in the form of Decades. It shows the growth and sprawl of the city with all kinds of historical artifacts.  They have video monitors that you can watch clips of, which helps out a lot.As I walked through, I noticed the Kid Rock Music area. It was chuck full of music icons that came from Michigan, and was awesome!  They were playing clips of music videos, and had guitars and other things from artists like Kid Rock, Bob Segar, Diana Ross, Smokey Robinson and much much more.The displays here are colorful, interactive, and well designed. I absolutely loved it here. There was a section in slavery, with the routes that they took to escape. They also had some awesome displays of the fur trades in the upper peninsula, and an awesome display of the automotive assembly lines that are the heart of Detroit.The only disappointment was the gift shop. It was small, and didn't have a good selection of stuff to choose from.  They had a few things, but I've found better Detroit replica stuff at the Detroit Shoppe and other places. I wish they would beef this up! I would have gladly bought a few things if the selection was larger.Also, I didn't see any staff on the floor.  I was greeted when I walked in, but maybe a staff member or two to answer questions, give directions or just walk around would have been nice.Overall, this place is a must see, and I would love to return in the future. Good for all ages, and extremely well done.  GO DETROIT!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2014,8/18/2014,515,128,2,18,13>So- this is my new favorite spot in Midtown. No, their ingredients don't claim to be organic but there are several GF options on both the tapas menu and cocktail list. Someone in another review had a problem with this. Lol. I say, if you can make inexpensive ingredients tasty, then you know how to cook. Let's not forget, this is Detroit. Not everyone can afford pastured eggs. I've ordered almost everything so far, and the stand out to me is the cold anchovy tapas.  Omg. Yum. If you haven't had white anchovies, you're seriously missing out. Nothing like the creepy ones from the pizza place. White anchovies are basically pickled, and have amazing flavor. La Feria serves these on fresh bread with chopped herbs and olive oil. I could eat these all day. The other favorite is also on the cold tapas list. I can't recall the name but it features two goat cheese spreads with garlic and tomato and Serrano ham. Very good, but the white spread is better than the red. The little chicken skewers are great, as are the mushrooms. I was also impressed with the mussels. Flavorful, garlicky broth perfect for bread dipping. The bread they serve is soft and fresh, maybe from Avalon? Yum. Totally worth the carbs. If you want to fill up on the cheap, order the potatoes- little chunks, fried and topped with a bright and spicy red sauce, huge portion.  Daily specials and very good sangria, combined with a lively and warm atmosphere make this an excellent stop for pre-drinking snacks or dinner. One of the owners is opening his art gallery in the back building, so there will be a place to hang out while you wait for your table soon.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,8/17/2014,96,107,3,9,8>So I just stumbled across Charlie's a couple weeks ago and am kicking myself that this did not happen sooner.  This place is absolutely one of the best diners around.As others have pointed out, the portions are huge.  However they are not gargantuan to the gimmicky/comical extent of a place like Tony's in Birch Run.  Nor does quality suffer in favor of quantity.  Charlie's simply serves up larger-than-average plates of really good tasting food.  Whatever you order, be prepared to take half home with you (unless you are super hungry, or a big eater).I've been in here a bunch in the last 2.5 weeks and everything I've tried has been either 4 star or 5 star diner fare.Highlights for me so far:* French Onion Soup - It gets a ton of flavor from oregano (at least I think it's oregano?) which is unique and works very well to make their version of a classic stand out.  Plus it's only a 50 cent upgrade to get French Onion--with all the accompanying melted cheese and croutons--with any sort of combo that includes soup.* Garden Crepes - Perfectly formed giant crepes filled with delicious veggies/cheese/eggs and slathered with hollandaise sauce.  FACT: I do not care for "H Sauce" and this is the first dish I have ever eaten where I didn't mind the stuff, and even kind of liked it.  Did Charlie's convert me?! Only time will tell.* Rueben Sandwich - This is hands down the best Rueben I have ever had from a place that was not a deli (and better than most delis even).  The corned beef is so good, and so plentiful.  I could have sworn it was cooked in-house, special recipe style, but the waitress assured me that it wasn't.  Seriously, you have to try this thing if you like Ruebens.Charlie's gets 4.5 stars for the food, rounded up to an even 5.0 because of the environmental factor (which I try to address minimally or even ignore in my reviews).  The staff at Charlie's are all so darned charming and pleasant.  Super nice personable waitresses who are knowledgeable about the menu and check in often without being overbearing.  And the place is super kitschy, too.  For instance, there is a several foot high statue of Jesus above the cash register which is totally heartfelt and adds to the charm of the place.  A friendly reminder to patrons that they are being judged, and to order accordingly... and tip generously... and to rethink any notions of a dine n dash they may have planned.  Ha!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,8/16/2014,15,160,2,11,6>Had a fabulous time here the other night, but I had to take away a star because we were lied to over the phone.My boyfriend called and made reservations and specified that we wanted to eat outside, which whoever he talked to said was fine.  They also said that there was free valet parking with a restaurant receipt.Neither of those things turned out to be true.We got there, only to be told that they don't take reservations specifically for inside or outside, and all of the outside seating was taken so we would have to eat inside.  We ate inside and still had a good time.  Their clam chowder is amazing.  When we left, we were charged $10 for valet parking.  This wasn't really a big deal, except that we had been told by the restaurant staff that it would be free!I recommend the restaurant, but do not believe anything you are told over the phone by them!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/15/2014,60,131,6,8,9>So I had a meeting in Royal Oak and had some time to kill so I wandered down the street and the first thing I came to was Kouzina.  I was like Jon Snow in that I knew nothing of this place or its very tasty offerings.  I stared at the menu kind of blankly and just went with a regular Gyro, figuring that one man's donner kebab is as good as anothers.  Well, let me tell you, it starts with the bread.  I don't quite know how they figured out how to make bread that feels like a marshmallow pillow of bread, but they did.  Blew my mind how good the bread was just alone.  They could open a bakery with just one item: pita bread.  The meat inside was different then most gyro meat and I suppose it's because they have their own recipe instead of buying those giant cylinders from joe's gyro.  But that was great too.Regardless, this is by far the best Gyro i've ever eaten in 3 bites.  I would have eaten 3 more if I had the time.So if you want to blow 30 seconds wolfing down the best gyro in town, stop in!
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,8/14/2014,68,109,9,9,3>Oh my WOW!Okay, okay....admittedly, this place is a heart attack waiting to happen BUT if you treat yourself only once in a blue moon, you should be okay.So....5 Stars you say? YES!! ABSOLUTELY!Service was fantastic. You have to order downstairs then dine upstairs or outside, weather permitting. They bring the food to you. The wait wasn't long and the food came out......HOT.Onto the foodies; my mac and cheese stuffed burger was to die for. It wasn't just about the mac & cheese inside of the burger either. It was all of the elements combined. The seasoning of the burger meat itself was right on point. Not overly salty or spiced. However, it was not bland whatsoever. The mac & cheese in the middle was just the icing on the cake. It was moist; not dry which I was somewhat expecting. The sweet potato fries are also a favorite. They were seasoned well with a hint of brown sugar. It was not overwhelming and I mashed them in warp speed. In fact, I ate the fries so fast, I was only able to eat about 3 bites of my massive burger. Leftovers are A-Okay in my book!The boyfriend enjoyed his too but was a little bummed that I killed the fries so quickly. He barely got any. Whoops! The outdoor patio was quaint and had an awning so even if there is a bit of rain, you'll be safe. They had a bunch of different soda pops too from a local vendor (forgot the name). Support local....another point for them.My summary...... this place is perfect for lunch or dinner. The options are endless and the food was high quality. Tasty times 10!! Check them out, fo' sure!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,8/13/2014,99,290,4,7,5>I love a down home Detroit gem. Honest John's has been around for a long time. It's not super fancy, it's not high priced and highfalutin, yet it stays packed and everybody knows about it. It's smack dab in the middle of Midtown, tucked away on some backstreets.The menu doesn't disappoint and the serving sizes are hearty. I've not had a bad dish here. I'm in love with their omelettes!  Shots with your breakfast? Sure, they don't judge. There aren't rotating daily happy hour specials, there are daily constant specials. Still a win. There's a jukebox, pool table, cool neon signs, grafitti-ridden bathroom (overwhelming), outside patio, typical dive dressing, right? Oh, there's a parking lot in the back, plus street parking. Evenings provide prime bar stool time. Weekend mornings provide prime brunch/people-watching time. Either way, you can't go wrong here.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,8/12/2014,794,350,3,9,9>Okay coach. I want to go in again. Time to update my original review.I met up here with some friends again. I figured I'd give it another chance.I'm glad I did. I went on a Saturday for lunch. The place wasn't all that crowded at all.I had the French Dip instead of the burger like I suggested last time. This is an outstanding sandwich. The au jus was thicker and deep tasting beef flavor. The beef was thinly sliced and had no fat. Very good.The fries were okay. Nothing special, just hot and complimented the sandwich very well.The bar is clean and well lit. Plenty of televisions all over. Not a bad seat in the place.Groupon time and use it on a burger next time.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,8/11/2014,116,81,9,8,8>Dear Cafe Zola, We only just met, but I think I've fallen in love. I'm not sure if it was the herbed butter that you served with the bread accompaniment to my meal (the mixed pieces of wheat and sesame were a nice touch, by the way), or the way that you took the time to grill the asparagus before folding it into the delicious omelette, or the freshly cut fruit that you so kindly substituted for the breakfast potatoes, and surely, your cool atmosphere didn't hurt either...All I know is, you got it, baby! Your admirer, Kristine K.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2014,8/10/2014,45,104,7,9,6>I can't believe I have never reviewed this place, as it has become one of our regular "go to" places. There are not a lot of places in the Grosse Pointe area that I like enough to go to regularly and I am so grateful for it! As another reviewer has said, this is a very old school type of place. If you want hip and trendy this may not be the place for you.  But I happen to be a big fan of these types as it reminds me of going out to eat with my parents as a child,  when I first developed my love of food; it has a nostalgic feel. I have never had bad service or a bad meal here. Tonight we were waited on by Maurice in the bar area...The service was impeccable!  He is one of those servers that anticipates your needs a moment before you do. He was friendly, attentive and perfectly professional.  I love oysters on the half shell and have also enjoyed escargot and calamari here. Their salads are nice; I intend to try the soup some time but have not done so yet. Ask about the potato and vegetable options because they have many more choices than what appears on the menu. I enjoy the mashed rutabaga and creamed spinach. My favorite here Is the prime rib. They are always served the correct temperature and are well marbled but not overly so. My husband is a big fan of their "fall off the bone" ribs. I remember the lobster tails being very good but only had them once; unfortunately I can't afford to eat them regularly!  But although it is a little pricey I do not think that it is over priced. I feel like the prices are fair for the quality and portions. I will try to be more adventurous and sample a larger variety of dishes so I can update my review. I like to spread the word when I find a gem like this in hopes that it will bring in new fans to deserving businesses!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,8/9/2014,58,110,5,7,6>Before you read my review, just know that I was very hungry at the moment, and, as you know, everything tastes a little better when you're hungry.  Here are the pros, and cons, as usual:Pros: - They have both sushi and kitchen food.- Relatively cheap prices.- Huge portions (check out that shrimp size tho!)- Not much of a smell, even though the place is very small (great ventilation)- Delicious kitchen food- Good rice on the sushi- Plentiful seafood inside sushi- Open every day w/ late hoursCons:-Relatively small.  More of a takeout than a dine-in.-Kind of slow service, but they are busy so it's understandable.-No ice in my water.-All Styrofoam containers even when dining in.  Not good for the environment.-Not in the best of neighborhoods.Overall a really good place to get sushi and Chinese/Asian food.  My salmon inside my salmon roll felt a little warmer than im used to, but it's probably because the sushi board was near the kitchen and the salmon roll was made first.  The fish itself is kept in a cool, standard sushi tray on the bar (I checked the corners and vents of the container for frost, and indeed, there was frost collecting there).  I'd come here again.  A real gem.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,8/8/2014,54,111,3,9,8>Okay, so totally went here based on yelp and was not disappointed. From the food to the waiter to the ambiance I was very happy. We were promptly greeted by a pleasant host who took us to a great table where we could see the exposed kitchen and the great things going on outside. Randolph was our waiter and was very well versed in the menu and was patient in explaining everything to us. I went with the mac n cheese where I could pick two and got the four cheese and bacon mac. The four cheese was my favorite but you can never go wrong with bacon! I loved being able to see the food being cooked and loved that the staff all seemed to get along and worked well together. The sticky toffee banana deliciousness that was our dessert was probably one of the best things I've eaten in a long time. I cannot wait to go back here!
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,8/7/2014,16,14,8,15,12>Ah! It's the old Indo-pak! I grew up coming here, so this place brings back memories. It's a full restaurant now and I am loving it. I would recommend the Thaali for an entrée and any of the street food items.I love seeing desi street food as options now, because that ish is the bomb. The Amritsari something and gol guppa were the best street food item, and they give enough to share! I love the thaali because you get to try many things, and it's a complete meal with dessert and all. Thaali's are like desi bento boxes. They give authentic condiments; such as pickled mango and dahi.It's not your typical biriyani and chicken tikka masala Indian fare, it's a great blend of the familiar and authentic desi food. If I had a rating system for a good desi restaurants, it would be based on whether I'd take my desi parents to it. And I will totally take my folks here.
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2014,8/6/2014,56,309,2,8,7>Nick's is a converted Big Boy, but don't let that fool you.  I've been here a few times and finally got around to writing a review.  Pancake portions are huge.  They are fresh, and inventive.  They have everything from healthy, granola whole grain, to stuffed fatty goodness.  My Dad considers himself a pancake connoiseur, and he loved the banana pecan cakes, but especially loved that they warm the syrup before bringing it to us (not on the table Rain Man style).  They had so many good things on the menu it was difficult to choose, but I went with eggs and turkey sausage.  They turkey sausage had quite a kick to it, kind of spicy.  My aunt who eats like a bird was filled up on 1/2 of a 1 pancake order.  They have huge waffles, skillets, just everything is oversized.  Our service was awesome, attentive, and friendly even though it was packed.  The location is a little off AA Saline rd, down Lohr, so you may feel like you are going down a service drive, but you aren't.  You are driving yourself to goodness.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,8/5/2014,426,153,1,7,6>Came here on a snowy Thursday night before my birthday for a chill time with a few friends, and we had a great experience! One of my friends frequents this place often, and she says the food here is amazing! We sat at the bar, and the bartender was one of the friendliest and quickest I've ever had! He made the experience very pleasant...we wanted to show a friend the bottle for Valentine's vodka because the distillery is right there on the next block, and he complied nicely. He overheard that it was my birthday, so at the end of the night, after we paid and were heading out, he offered me a shot! A girl can't turn down a birthday shot, so I ordered up a Patron and the ride home was filled with me giggling lol. I can't believe I didn't get his name...thank you for a great pre-birthday night, awesome bartender! I will definitely be back to try the food!
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2014,8/4/2014,27,76,2,11,8>From outward appearances only, this place doesn't look like much. Sandwiched between Bank of America and Subway in a shabby strip, Chef's is easily overlooked.The inside was much nicer and cleaner than I was expecting. There weren't many other people sitting in to eat, but I noticed quite a few ordering to go and pick up meals.For an appetizer, we split an order of hummus with pita and vegetarian grape leaves. Amazing. It was all amazing. The grape leaves were perfect! The hummus was creamy. We also had lentil soup, which was fantastic as well.For our main dishes I had the Vegetarian Mousaka, and my mom had Shrimp Cilantro. The Mousaka was out of this world delicious! First of all, wasn't that supposed to come in a lasagna-like loaf?! No?! It was like a delicious and hearty soup with a side of rice. The flavor was outstanding, and the serving size was huge! My mom loved her dish. I'm vegetarian so I didn't try it myself, but it looked and smelled great.Everything at Chef's was fantastic, and that totally caught me off guard. That's what I get for judging a book by its strip. This little hole in the wall has seriously blown me away with their food. The service was great as well, and they even had wifi. What more can you ask for? I seriously can't wait to come back! My stomach is growling just thinking about it.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,8/3/2014,23,185,6,8,6>How about 4.75 stars!  I know, I'm getting picky.Finally got a chance to go here after hearing so much about it.  It's great!It's also small.  We went early, so that was not an issue, but I hear it gets packed toot sweet.  The furnishings are funkyish with each table having it's own unique set of salt and pepper shakers.  The not-a-lot-of-roomness is reflected in the size of the tables, though is not really an issue.The menu is somewhat eclectic, though not outlandishly so.  My crab cakes and eggs were great, as were my SO's steak and eggs.  The toast was good, too.  The 1/4 star reduction comes from the coffee.  While nowhere bad, the decor, food and service deserve a step up in this category.Service was great, too.  I've been to some places like this where service tries to underscore trendiness with aloofness.  Not here.  The staff was friendly and efficient.  As in so many of my favorite places, the prices reflect quality and not quantity.  The cost is not coney-like and certainly not crazy the other way.  It was a fair deal.I can't wait for a return.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,8/2/2014,31,52,10,8,8>I came here for restaurant week this year, and overall was very pleased with my experience.  I got the 5-course tasting menu of their new restaurant and my friends I was dining with all ordered off the three course menu.  I will not bore you with the deets of everything I ingested but here are some key notes:Brussel Sprouts - I know these are super fetch now, but these were great and you get a huge portionCrab Pancake- also a really big serving and great if you love Asian inspired dishesDrinks- I love $12, bougi, craft cocktails just as much as the next person!  But these did not deliver for me.  Went with a glass of Pinot Noir for my second drink Presentation- two thumbs up!Service - very attentiveA good meal was enjoyed by all, well, all except my friend Karren who felt her vegetarian ravioli was not warm enough/boring.  She's a vegetarian though, so partially her own fault, plus she likes to complain.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2014,8/1/2014,171,445,5,8,11>Oh goodness, this place has GREAT BBQ. I live about 20 minutes away via the highway, in Troy, and hadn't heard of it, but we had a UYE (Unofficial Yelp Event) here tonight and were treated very nice - very nice indeed!$10 got you a smorgasbord of all the meats that Lazybones serves - Detroit-style ribs, brisket, cajun sausage, burnt ends, and more. They set it up for us on their BRAND SPANKING NEW patio (just finished 4 days ago) and we brought our own desserts, tables, and chairs. I think my favorite was the pulled pork and the burnt ends, which they said they sell out of by 5-6pm every day - they tasted like steak, although some had a bit more fat to them. I'm a big ribs fan but surprisingly, the ribs were not my favorite meat here, although still good. I don't like mac 'n cheese but I tried it anyway, they mix in pulled pork and bacon, and they also gave us some cornbread which was great.I will DEFINITELY be back to Lazybones sometime soon! It looks like they mostly do a carryout business (they have ONE booth in the building and no other seating, though now they'll have the patio), so I'll stop by after work one day. Thanks again for hosting us, Lazybones! Great event.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,7/31/2014,107,357,6,11,7>My husband and I stayed in Detroit for a weekend. One of my "to-do" experiences was bottomless mimosas. I asked around on Facebook and a few friends recommended Woodbridge Pub.We showed up around 12:30 on a Sunday and were seated immediately. A server brought us water and menus right away. We ordered our mimosas ($11) and got them within a couple minutes. We also decided to split a breakfast to help absorb the ridiculous amount of champagne we were about to drink. A basic breakfast with two eggs, Avalon sourdough toast, bacon and sausage was $9. Pretty pricey for what it is... but at least it was delicious. I feel like we got more than two eggs because neither me or my husband finished our split portions. The bacon was really delicious. The sausage was a little funny, kinda pillowy instead of having a "crunchy" exterior. Everything was served hot and we both enjoyed it.All the while, servers walked around with mimosa carafes to ensure our cups were never empty. We were refilled at least five times and we were even offered refills after we cashed out. I was impressed with the service, drinks and food. They also have free WiFi. Jacob and I will be back when the mimosa bug bites again!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,7/30/2014,38,46,9,11,8>I cannot think of a better pastry shop in Michigan!  Everything is made fresh daily.  I particularly like that their pastries aren't too sweet, even those filled with frosting or custard.  I've probably tried about 3/4 of their selection, and the ones with fruits are generally the best.  They have cute ones shaped as animals, but that's pretty much all the appeal to them -- cute more than tasty.  I recommend sticking with the ones with fruit.  (But I suppose that depends on what you prioritize...  cuteness or tastiness.)Oh how I wish there was a Pastry House Hippo in Ann Arbor...  But then again, I'd probably get fat if there was...  =9
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2014,7/29/2014,12,89,18,26,23>Let's get something out of the way - if you are a sandwich snob who only eats the finest Parma ham with artisan cheeses and organic micro-greens on a hand-crafted small-batch ten-grain roll, don't come to Ernie's. You won't be happy, then again you probably turn up your nose at how "common" Zingerman's is. Everybody else, get your ass down here right away. "Why did you wait until now to try us, baby?" asked Ernie. Damned if I know. I was an idiot. Let's get something else out of the way: this man is a force of nature that has to be experienced first-hand. I had planned to try Ernie's  today, but I got some bad news earlier in the day, and still decided to go. I  left with a big smile. "Who loves you?" Ernie does, I answered, and the whole line echoed it. You cannot come here and talk to Ernie and not have a smile. It just isn't possible. I went for the whole deal, and Ernie "gave it to me" by adding extra everything because I was a newbie (and even wrote NB personally on my waxed paper). He also told me they couldn't cut it because I was a first-timer. You know what? I finished the whole damn thing and it was luscious. I may go into a food coma for the rest of the day, but it was worth it.  I can't say anything else that over 150 people haven't already said. Just get down there. Don't judge it by the outside, open that door and be prepared for maybe the happiest guy in Motown. He loves you, and you're going to love him too!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2014,7/28/2014,172,464,5,11,6>This is a foodies paradise.  This is a claustrophobic foodies worst nightmare.  This store is amazing.  It has a little bit of everything.  The only bad thing is that everything is packed into a small space with really narrow aisles!  Really narrow.  If I had a dollar for everytime I wanted to yell at the top of my lungs "MOVE" to people clogging up the aisles I would have enough to pay for my cart full of groceries.Despite the close quarters, this store has everything you would need and so much more!  Amazing produce, delicious desserts, top quality fish and meats, freshly ground coffee, candies and treats to last a life time, as well as everything you may need on an everyday basis.... paper towels, lunchmeat, peanut butter, etc.....I have a feeling they have made an effort on customer service.  Last time I went in  they were willing to help me find what I was looking for and were very friendly at the check out.In regards to the price of items.... Yeah, if you want gourmet mustard you can spend $10, but if you want a can of Campbells soup, you can get it on sale for $1 (as I did today).  It is a Spartan store, and as such, you can get some really good deals!They have a great rewards program that will give you a coupon/discount after you spend a particular amount of money (sorry, I can't recall all the specifics, but they will tell you all about it).It's the best place in Canton to grocery shop!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,7/27/2014,376,267,1,14,10>A true gem of the metro Detroit area. In fact- the entire Cranbrook campus is something that any visitor should experience. Namely the: Cranbrook House & Gardens, the Art Museum and definitely the Science Museum. The Science Museum has a whole range of interesting collections. Some highlights include: T Rex, the Bat Zone tour - where you can pet live bats, they also have sloths and sugar gliders, they have a massive rocks & minerals collection and even a mastodon. In addition, they have a planetarium & observatory and many many other cool programs that are too long to list. I know I left completely impressed and inspired, hopefully you will too.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,7/26/2014,57,45,6,10,7>Congratulations on taking the big JUMP and investing in Detroit! I stopped in on a Saturday toward the end of the day to find a packed house and the smell of bacon and cheddar lingering in the air. I devoured the Bacon Cheddar bagel- a tasty cross between chewy, crispy but not too soft, cheesy, salty with just enough piggy..then washed it down with some AAAMAZING Anthology Coffee; Eli Gallardo Rojas Typica.There is something for everyone from raisin, salted, sesame, rosemary, bacon, cheddar and cucumber water if you're on the cheap. It's a great change up from ordinary tap water and soda. Don't forget to add a dollop of housemade cream cheese; veggie or regular. VERY GOOD!Support local business!! :)
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,7/25/2014,198,632,7,10,8>I've had NF on my radar for years.  I'm newer to Indian food; Ken is a complete newbie.  I'm a firm believer that Indian buffet is THE way to go for those without Indian food experience.  NF does not disappoint!Many meat and veggie options, filled regularly while we were there.  We particularly liked the chicken curry and biryani.  Plentiful naan and chutneys.  Dessert too (mango ice cream was a nice end).Packed during our weekend lunch.  Large enough place.  Smaller buffet then I was expecting in size, but not in flavor!  Paper plates and plastic silverware - ok by me!  Accepts credit cards but not tips.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,7/24/2014,504,642,5,8,7>Emerald is the debonair men's smoking jacket to The Peacock Room's sparkly tailored frock, the leather satchel to the beaded clutch, the gentleman's guide to the 50s style manual. Rachel's keen eye and eclectic style lend themselves wonderfully to this emporium for housewares and fine gifts for the gentleman.This stylish boutique showcases all small luxuries and essentials required by the stylish man about town, be he a businessman most comfortable in a tailored suit or hip to the latest trends. I come for the ties in flattering colours and elegant weaves, the sort produced by lesser known American brands. Like Peacock Room, a vintage streak runs through the stock: ties and cufflinks rescued from another era add the needed personalization to any off-the-rack shirt. Small boxes overflow with a changing variety of men's jewelry. On a recent visit, Emerald carried sword-shaped tietacks, enameled cufflinks for the discerning professional -- small pens for the man in communications, scales for the attorneys -- and a number of brass-tone and silver pieces cut in beautiful geometric shapes. Let the women sigh in contentment at the Peacock Room's array of French crystal earrings and bracelets, while the men of Detroit nod approvingly at the high quality accessories at surprisingly reasonable prices. Larger items in this category include top-notch American made messenger bags and luggage from Filson, and some seriously stylish hats. To go along with the well-dressed man are the essential grooming supplies from shaving soap and brushes to a whole host of toiletries in man-approved scents. Both beau and baby expressed their satisfaction after a good sniff. Housewares fill a narrow band of candles and fragrances by the likes of Tokyomilk and Pacifica, in fragrances like "Kabuki blossom" and mixed citrus and cardamom. The exotic can easily find its way into your home or a gift bag, and all without breaking the budget or fine sensibilities. I'm particular towards the luscious handcreams that span Tokyomilk's Dark range along with the brighter, livelier scents of their main line. A changing variety of paper goods, including sumptuous stationary, stimulating artbooks and coffee table books; wallets; and even finger puppets for leading composers and authors rounds out the gift wall in this fabulous emporium to the sublime and the originally eclectic. Find Frieda Kahlo eyebrows alongside the definitive tome on the history of the mustache, and throw in a few vintage Detroit postcards for flavour. The recent addition of Sanders chocolates and other packaged snacks from respected Michigan companies further extends the Peacock Room and Emerald's mission to promote local goods. The Park Sheldon building is rapidly becoming my one-stop shopping experience in Midtown to satisfy presents and holiday shopping lists. Don't be fooled by Emerald's small footprint. You can spend an hour browsing the standing shelves and antique tables, exploring the fine options. And luckily, in an era of metered parking, free validated parking is available in the Park Sheldon above the second floor.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2014,7/23/2014,156,70,6,7,7>I'm not quite sure when I became such a ho for cheeseburgers, but apparently I am...big time. While the first thing I noticed at Achatz's  was a limited menu, after thinking for a minute I asked myself what burger joint doesn't have limited options?  The next thing I noticed? Super helpful and polite staff members. The young lady behind the counter was great help, describing the special sauce and telling me about the chili - bummer that it does not contain beans. She suggested the Rosemary or Parm Fries, and of course I ordered both. The fries were tasty, even though I prefer thicker cuts. The burger was delicious. I went sans special sauce, opting instead for my usual toppings of double cheese, onion, lettuce and double ketchup. The hot dog was ok. Not bad by any means, but it didn't blow me out of the water either. You'll love it if you are 12 or younger and know no better, but a more refined palate will find it lacking. Overall I'll definitely go again, but I have yet to find anywhere that top's Halo Burger in Troy or my bros at Five Guys.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,7/22/2014,321,160,4,9,6>Reminds me of the La-Shish's back in the day, classy and delicious. I in no way mean to endorse the horrible things La-Shish's owner did but it was my favorite restaurant back in the day. To me the quality of a middle eastern restaurant in Dearborn revolves around one key item, the garlic sauce and after much sampling it's clear to me Ollies is the best. The consistency is thick like a butter at room temperature and the garlic flavor is overwhelming, just how I like it. What I love to do at middle eastern restaurants is take the pita bread and make a sandwich, apart from the meat you order in your shwarma or lamb kafta (both of which are very good) your sandwich wont be complete without some tabuli. The tabuli is also some of the best I've had, it felt fresher than other salads.For your vegetarians out there or the more adventures, the mujadra is not be be missed as well.Ambiance wise it certainly ranks near the top of middle eastern restaurants. Decorations adorn the walls and thick wooden beams extrude from the ceiling to give it a sort of village vibe. Patio seating is available as well.
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/21/2014,86,70,2,10,6>A glorious bar for a beer snob like myself. Ambience 5: I LOVE how this place is decorated.  A lot of old school items decorating the walls. They had a bike hanging from the ceiling and an old school, 6 foot tall, see through refrigerator filled with beer. The bar wall is covered with big screen tv's. I could go on and on but it definitely has a great atmosphere to relax and enjoy a great beer. Food/drinks 5: I started with the bavarian pretzel sticks, which are free if you check in on yelp. They were delicious.  For my main course I had the pretzel burger. It was a damn delicious burger.  The fries were f'n awesome too. My friend had the wings and he said they were phenomenal. The beer menu is the shit! I had two extremely highly touted beers from beer advocate, enjoy by, and chillwave. They were both delicious and hard to find on tap.  I was a little disappointed they were out of double crooked tree but that's not their fault. The beer was also EXTREMELY reasonably priced and on Sundays all Michigan Draft is half off.Service 5: We had great service.  The bartender was extremely proficient at his job and he was friendly and attentive.Overall 5: This bar is dynamite! Once again,  I wish this bar was closer to me so it could become my go to spot.  Oh well, it's still worth the drive.
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,7/20/2014,63,45,11,16,10>I visited for the first time yesterday, and went back again tonight. Yep, it's like that. Shawty's like a melody in my head...that I can't get out...got me singin' like...A-ny-way. The pupusas are huge and PERFECT: not too mealy or thick like some other places, and generously stuffed to a cheesy perfection.I looooved the JALAPENO CHEESE & BEANS and the CHEESE, BEANS & LOROCO FLOWER pupusas. The PORK & CHEESE seemed to be the beloved carnivorous favorite. But seriously, the cheese is so oozy and plentiful that it really doesn't even matter what the rest of the fillings are. Make sure you slather on the salsa and the slaw. WHY IS THAT COMBO SO GOOD?! The DOS PUPUSAS DINNER is that deal, and is almost too much food (pshaw). It comes with sides of beans and rice (both delicious), and your choice of anything from the drinks cooler, all for $7.80. Let's raise our Jarrito's up to celebrate these fantastic prices. If you don't need any of that frill, then each individual pupusa (w/ curtido and salsa) is only $2.25. Hell, yeah. Go ahead and raise your glass of tap water to that. OK, see you guys there. Don't sit in the booth near the fun farm scene towel with the chickens & the dog...that's where I go, and I'll probably be there every day (like my iPod's stuck on replay.)P.S. Credit cards are accepted.
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,7/19/2014,272,268,6,9,6>I love carbs!!!  If you love carbs this is the place to go!  The potatoes must've been injected with some sort of growth hormone!  Yummy. Whatever you want on the potato you can have. The lunch potatoes start around $5.00 and then for fully loaded double that amount.  You always have to wait here, I think the workers are on Jamaican time - no problem - you know what I mean if you went to Jamaica before or the Bahamas they are on slow motion all the way.  But the potato is so good that I definitely will be back, but it has to wait at least 6 months so I can make room!!!!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,7/18/2014,28,146,1,8,6>After hearing my sister singing the praises of Crossfit for over a year, watching her get noticeably stronger without spending 3 hours a day at a gym, I was more than curious to try it for myself. Well, I've been going to New Species for about 5 months now and I can't believe I'm just now writing a review. I considered myself pretty fit...until my first training session, after which I could barely descend my stairs for 3 days. And strangely, I was excited to go back!The group classes are lots of fun and extremely challenging. There are ways to scale every movement for variable fitness levels. The best part about New Species is the coaches. Extremely helpful with form and technique, and always giving you words of encouragement to keep going. I can say that I'm now officially addicted to Crossfit. There have been nights I have left after a workout and actually vomited because I worked so hard. There have been mornings I've woken up with bruises all over my knees from burpees. There have been days that the act of sitting my butt in a chair has been nearly impossible because of how sore I am. I LOVE all of it. New Species is my jam!
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,7/17/2014,1,20,7,14,6>I had this craving this morning for soul food so I counted on Yelp to lead the way.  what we found is a new place to hang out on weekends or hell, i might have to come back in the morning to check out the breakfast.  There is a sign on the door, 'remove hoodies before entering' - now that's classic politeness.  You enter and it's all local so we got the stare down for about a minute then decided that the Asians were not going to take over the restaurants.  (me, wife, son, daughter)  It smells really good!  the place is very homey which means you can watch TV at the counter, hang out...  everyone was a repeat customer.  I had fried chicken wings (were not on the menu but people were ordering it), collard greens, mash potatoes. wife had eggs and bacon, corn bread. daughter and son had BLT.  BLT's disappeared in a flash so I could not try it.  My wife said that her eggs were perfect, bacon crispy - again I was not allowed to try it.  My wings reminded me of Bakers lounge so I was a happy camper.  The service is 100%.  It's all good.  the corn bread in my opinion was too dry but what do I know.  Again, just an opinion.  My soul food experience is from SF so it might be a tainted.this is on my list of places to return and patronize.  Everyone was talking about the sausages so I'm going back to try em.Oh yeah, price is right on.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/15/2014,11,58,4,7,8>This Meat Palace would bring tears of joy to Ron Swanson from "Parks and Rec."We had a sampling of the menu for a student org here and everyone loved the food, especially me. If you like spicy, go for the andouille. It has a great spice which lingers for a few minutes after. I also had the PBR Brat that had a nice spice blend. Very flavorful.The Nacho Tots were delicious and there were lots of jalapenos, which is how I like it.If you are into burgers, The Wurst Burger is supreme. It is a bratwurst on top of a burger patty served with red sauerkraut and swiss. What a combination of good flavors.The bar menu was massive. I was shocked at the amount of hard ciders they had. Loved the swanky atmosphere. I felt like I was at Fangtasia in Bon Temps, LA. The staff was awesome and you are always in safe hands with bouncer Ken in the house.I will definitely venture back here, again, again, and again. THEY HAVE SKEEBALL!!!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,7/14/2014,169,227,6,6,3>It was a cold and snowy night.  I was walking around a strange part of AA with a date, and I needed a few cocktails.  She mentioned that they have "good, strong, cheap drinks..." so it sounded like a win for me!We walked in to what looks like your Grandpa's favorite steakhouse.  The decor hasn't been updated since the late 70s -- it's very dated, but almost in a potentially hipster kind of way.  The bar was /completely packed/, but the host had no problems putting us at a table for "just drinking."There aren't any fancy cocktail lists here, just a moderate selection of various liquors.  We ordered two drinks, started talking, and *bam*, they were back.  Our drinks were poured so quickly that I asked if there was some strange machine behind the bar able to turn around things so fast.  Even better, both of our drinks were clear with a hint of mixer! Evil laugh!Two drinks later, we're toast, and walking back home in the snow.  Four drinks (two bombay, one Stoli, one Gentleman's Jack) set us back $22.   Maybe one day I'll get back for food?  TLDR:  Yes, it is the cheapest, strongest drinks in AA.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,7/13/2014,398,356,7,11,9>I'm having a hard time telling you I love you, Vincente's. Not because it isn't true, but because I just cannot find the words to do you justice. Afterall, there is so much to love. Just the way I feel when I'm there, it's magical. There is something about certain places that just relax you and escalate your mood and Vincente's has it. The staff is so friendly and they love their jobs- you can just tell they're happy to be there. The drinks, OH MY LAWD, the drinks.They will whip you up something you've never had and ou will love it every time. And the sangrias? They are the most delicious sangrias I have ever tasted and one is always just followed by another, no complaints here. I recently discovered you can buy growlers of their sangria and then abruptly decided I can't buy them because the one I had was gone in a week. Every day was Friday with this growler in my house.  And the food is exquisite. Every dish I have sampled is better than the last and I always have a hard time deciding what to order. My favorites are CAMARONES CUBITA BELLA & ZARZUELA DE MARISCOS. And don't forget about the free salsa lessons and group dance. So much fun! And everyone joins, it's so relaxed and catered to beginners. This is by far my favorite spot in Detroit for so many reasons. A must-see for anyone wanting somehing new or for a group wanting to have fun. Also very hot for dates!!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/12/2014,281,82,8,24,16>I live near Hibbard St and East Jefferson, so I am close to Belle Isle. Before Belle Isle became a State Park many people would say how unsafe it is, but the truth is, Belle Isle has been a neutral zone for years. There hasn't been a homicide on Belle Isle in over 20 years...... compare that with Windsor !I ride a lot on Belle Isle.... even in the winter. I like cycling Belle Isle and the stretch of East Jefferson between downtown and 9 Mile. With Belle Isle becoming a state park, I will be more inclined to ride here after 5 pm Mondays thru Fridays, since the evening parties will be a thing of the past.I certainly do not match the profile of the majority of Detroiters and I have been stopped three times now on Belle Isle. I like to take pictures in the early morning and drive down the unplowed roads in the winter, well, the Conservation Officer is always on Belle Isle now and he's pulled me over a few times. I guess my hanging in the trees taking pics of the eagles in the winter sparks their interest in checking me out....that and my 24 year old Toyota....lolThe days of driving around drinking a beer or smoking a joint under a tree are over people.... I would not even be on Belle Isle without a fishing license if I had a fishing pole in my hand.It's nice, it's getting better and makes for a great playground !
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,7/11/2014,2657,302,17,30,31>attn: LOVERS of HAM Pick your poison here folks!Thick sliced melt in your mouth ham, fresh roasted turkey, crisp cut bacon or juicy corned beef piled high on your choice of a kaiser, onion rolls or rye at reasonable prices.  Throw in some krinkle cut pickles, fries or motowns own better made chips your sure to have a quick, filling and a very satisyfing lunch.  If I ever finish endulging my self in all the diffetent varities of sammies they have, they also have an exstensive breakfast menu, I can't wait!*Its no wonder why patrons return and become regulars here.  Friendly service combined with speedy cooks & bomb ass sandwiches. *Make sure you grab a louie's card and get it punched.*side note I delivered pizzas in this area when I was a young lad early in my culinary career.  I drove past this place daily.  So I have to thank Sam G for posting some pics and sparking my intrest, deffintnatly glad I got around to checking this place out.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,7/10/2014,150,273,3,6,4>It's rare for me to vgive 5 stars but this place delivered in all areas. Sheesh and Cedar are very close to my house. Sheesh has been our go to place for years, but no more . I will drive he extra 2 miles for GREAT , FRIENDLY service, fresh and delicious food at reasonable prices.The first thing noticed-.fiendly service with a smile! Then the sandwiches were twice the size of what we've been getting. The lamb was fresh, lean and tasty! Loaded with hummus - pickles - mmmmmmmm with the sandwich I got a small fattoush salad!!! Yes!!!!! So fresh and delicious!They offer a variety of sizes based on what one wants! You can actually afford to buy a sampling of different items. The small fattoush and sandwich were all I needed! $8 plus change! Yay!!!So glad I stopped in and plan to be back very soon!
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,7/9/2014,44,116,6,7,7>I really like Green Dot.  The food and beverages are inexpensive so you'll feel compelled to order at least six different things -- but that's when your bill starts to add up, so be careful.My must-gets, every single time:  Mystery Meat (no matter what it is, try it -- unless you're allergic to something, in which case, uh, don't) and the cucumbers.  You may ask "why in the world would I pay $2 for sliced cucumbers and creme fraiche?"  ORDER THEM. They are delicious and vinegary and salty and the creme fraiche and onions are perfect.  I could eat at least three orders of these, and that wouldn't be half bad!This place is in the middle of nowhere, but there's a parking lot and security guards are always there (and super friendly!).  It can be packed at times, and there's no call aheads.  My main problem with this place is that I ALWAYS seem to get the oddest and/or grumpiest wait staff.  One woman scolded my husband because he stretched his legs for a few seconds in the aisle.  He moved them back by the time she walked over, but we were still yelled at.  It was bizarre.  We still go back regularly, though, so you can tell that it's not that big of a problem for me.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,7/8/2014,196,355,2,10,4>Hubby and I have been to Moe's on Ten probably half a dozen times over the past few years, and we always enjoy ourselves.The decor is your typical, kinda boring, restaurant decor, but the service and the food are what make the the experience.  This past visit, just a couple of weeks ago, Moe was training a new waitress, and she was doing a great job.  Nonetheless, Moe stopped by twice to ask us how she was doing.  Training like that is undoubtedly why every server we've had has been prompt, knowledgeable, and friendly.So, no matter how good the service, no restaurant will ever get a good review from me if the food doesn't measure up.  And this is where Moe's really shines.  This last visit, I opted for the Salmon Rockefeller with steamed vegetables and a baked potato.  the salmon was cooked to perfection, the crab and bacon-rich Rockefeller stuffing was absolutely delicious, and the Bearnaise sauce was rich and buttery.  Veggies had just the right, slight crispness, and the potato was a fluffy, medium sized Idaho.Hubby had the Chicken Parmesan, one of his favorite dishes.  He loved it and was actually surprised by how darn good it was, since he didn't think of Moe's as a place that specializes in Italian.Besides dinner, Moe's also has a popular brunch buffet that features a good variety (including custom made omelettes) and is reasonably priced.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,7/7/2014,71,306,3,10,7>It's a convenient store.  Well, it's a kitchen.  Hell, it's both.  Dan & Vi's is quite possibly one of the most overlooked and underrated lunch stops in the D.Grab a hot dog, a red hot, the stuffed cabbage, the pizza but grab something quick.  If you're going to make a one-time visit, you MUST try the deli slice. It's like an Italian sub on homemade focaccia bread. These sell out every day and you'll have to beat the DTE, City employees, truck drivers, students and general passerbys to the punch.  Last time I was there, a DTE guy in front of me bought the the last 5 slices.  Come as early as possible, that's the key.  Or be smart, order a whole deli slice sandwich to go for you and some friends.  If you don't have any friends, you will after sharing this gem.Not the most savory part of town so don't fall for the complimentary valet.  Also, order and be ready to pay as Dan & Vi's keeps the line moving.  This place does some serious volume so lollygaggers will get left out.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,7/6/2014,68,337,,7,5>Wowza, this place is tops!  The ladies serving breakfast are so incredibly friendly.  We felt so welcomed and they seemed genuinely interested in making our breakfast experience one of the best.  The hazelnut coffee was delicious.  My husband and I split a sweet item and a savory item.  We had french toast with actual thick french bread filled with chocolate cream cheese topped with fresh berries and dark chocolate drizzle.  Yum!  And the eggs caliente with hungarian peppers, ham, and cheese.  My nose was running a little, but man was it delicious!   I can't recommend this place enough.  It is a small space, and the name or the facade may throw you off, but this is a must-try!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,7/5/2014,151,367,2,7,5>Vernor Hwy is now dubbed the Highway to Taco Heaven.  With Los Altos and El Nacimiento, dinner is decided when I'm in this neighborhood.  I side with Los Altos when I want more of a cozy atmosphere and I'm not too picky with taco varieties.  Here I will opt for the carne asada tacos and a side of rice.  Rounded off with a hortchata and dinner is perfect here.  Chips and different salsas are served beforehand.  Try the ceviche tostada for something different --- I like it here because its always fresh but it gets soggy easily.  Service here is always superb, the servers are super sweet and helpful.  Los Altos easily keeps its spot in my Mexicantown taco rotation.  And another bonus is that now take credit cards...score!
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,7/4/2014,12,121,,10,6>I am a fan.  I waffled between 4 and 5 stars.  And I just went back and switched this to 5.   Angelina's is a very happy place for me.  We've had a drink at the bar, eaten at the bar, and been seated for dinner and all experiences have been great.  I love the buzz of this restaurant.   The food is outstanding.  I really enjoy  the butternut squash ravioli with broccoli rabe. The last time we were in I had that and my husband had the pappardelle bolognese, which was also excellent.  We split a small salumi appetizer.   Bread was served with honey butter, tasty hummus and olive oil for dipping.  It was a tremendously satisfying meal and the service was perfect.Park at the Opera House.  Angelina's is walkable from Comerica, many venues on Woodward, and, of course, the Opera House.  This is one of my favorite places downtown.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,7/3/2014,214,174,4,8,7>I love Baker's.  Always have.I have been running senior outings and thought it might be nice to take them to Baker's, as they have told me they all used to hang out there back in the day.Tuesday afternoons (noon - 3pm), Bakers has lunchtime entertainment.  This happens to be perfect for a senior group.  They also have a great lunch special (cheap is REALLY good for seniors - and hell, anyone), it is only $8 for pork chop or whiting or turkey or wings + 2 sides.  Nice special!  I wasnt expecting much (but truthfully, my seniors don't eat a ton).  The portions were moderate, but absolutley perfect.  Side note, several asked abt preparation and I didn't know.....but I do now....Fried pork chop - deliciousWhiting - breaded, fried catfish (?) - everyone loved itTurkey - shredded with light chicken gravy (if desired) - yummyWings - people loved em.Some of the sides that were big hits:  mac & cheese, side salad (very generous portion), greens, mashed and baked potatoes,Dessert (not included in $8 price):  Brownie is delicious, but I especially LOVE the Peach Cobbler.  (Downside, if they sell out over the weekend, they don't always have Peach Cobbler on Tuesday).I don't drink coffee, but one of our guests said they thought it was instant.  That was the closest thing to a complaint I heard.Now to give you fair warning, they have one cook and a small kitchen. They did take 5 orders in at a time (and brought 5 orders out at a time).  To get thru 35 people took quite a long time, but honestly they were really patient (kudos to our group!), and I am sure the entertainment was a great diversion.  I considered dropping down to 4 stars because of the wait, but truthfully, for what they are doing - they do it very very well!Now on a side note, I get carry out at lunch time and it is pretty quick and SO YUMMY (I LOVE the meatloaf and of course the Peach Cobbler).  On my original review, I suggested BAKER'S as a great first date place, but I'd like to also suggest it would make an IDEAL place to take your parents.
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,7/2/2014,54,116,,6,5>This is a much overdue review from my birthday in December.  My two teenage step-sons were my dates.  I told them to keep an "open mind" however, EVERYTHING we tasted was phenomenal.  Our service was perfect.  Helpful and timely.  I can not recall which salad each of us chose but we all chose a different salad and each liked what they chose.  Two of us had lamb and the other had the duck.  Never having had much duck, I wanted a taste.  I am pleased to say I have now added "duck" the list of "things I should order".  The lamb was, no doubt, delicious as well.  In fact, the vegetables were remarkably tasty... not sure how they get all the seasoning and juices in them but they were GREAT!We almost couldn't fit dessert in but we tried our hardest to get it down.  I believe it was some type of chocolate lava cake with ice cream.  Assaggi is rated rather highly on YELP and I was pleased to discover it deserves that high rating.  I highly recommend!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,7/1/2014,1388,1056,9,23,9>We had a small blip here to begin the meal, it involved a miscommunication and after a very long wait I was not best pleased. No worries though, they have a lovely manager who solves all things quickly and in such a friendly fashion. Good management is a must in any business as I would have missed out on trying the wares here. As it was all I missed out on was trying a drink or beer as planned (I never drink when annoyed, no one should). It is a very small place but wait staff is super on the ball and service is speedy, you will not wait on refills or any nonsense. The food is delicious. I went to the other BBB in Farmington quite awhile back but I think this is better. Closer to me too which is win/win in my book. Beyond the wait- which you should definitely expect- and the small issue at the very beginning, this was pretty much a perfect experience.We started with a pretzel app. The pretzels here are crisped outside and perfect doughy inside. Really good flavor. Add nacho cheese if you like that sort of thing. I much preferred the cinnamon butter. Soooooo decadent. You get that salty sweet dough perfection. Yum.As a special note to my vegetarian/vegan leaning friends, they serve THREE options that are non meat. A grilled portabella mushroom cap, a black bean patty or a falafel patty. If you are aiming for health they also have create your own salads which look fantastic! They even have my fave, a burger salad. I can see eating a mushroom "burger" or feasting on a salad as the weather turns warmer myself. Good options!Burgers are tasty. I had to take half of mine home it was so filling. That pretzel app and pretzel bun serve to fill a girl up. I had an avocado burger, the guac and avocado were stellar and adding a bit of garlic mayo sent the combo into the stratosphere. The sweet potato fries were perfection with the cinnamon butter. It made a fat girl blissful.James liked his cheeeeze burger with three different cheeses on a white bun. I was jealous of his pickles, they are the perfectly thin and flat cut type (my fave). His tots were great, perfectly cooked so that the insides are soft and outsides nice and crunchy. He used more nacho cheese with his but the manager gave me a tip to try them with the cinnamon butter and they taste like waffles when you do. Definitely a winner idea that!We will be back. We will probably shoot for off hours next time though.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,6/30/2014,209,59,7,9,7>Ok, first understand, I'm from CA where we have donuts that are OUT OF THIS WORLD  delicous and also those that win awards for crazy creative. (I'm looking at you Sidecar Donuts and DK donuts) I mean, Michiganders freak out over seeing a maple bar w/ a strip of bacon on it. I'm like, "um, normal?!?" My search continues for the perfect GLAZED OLD FASHIONED donut. I mean, the kind where its saucer shaped like a pentagon so you can break off a slice and enjoy bite by bite savoring each sweet glazed morsel. Of course, these are slightly smaller than the diameter of a CD. (yelp.com/user_local_phot)However, Michiganders don't play that. Your glazed old fashioned doesn't have those flying saucer rings. Why? Oh well, at least make a good donut. Tim Hortons, Dunkin' Donuts, Krispy Kreme, no way. Dutch Girl Donuts succeeds in making a glazed donut; albeit, smaller in size. Everytime I go, I need to eat 2.5 donuts to = 1 donut in CA. I mean, when you have those saucer shaped and you can break off a piece, I savor. When I eat DGD, I eat slower, but my craving isn't satiated until after almost 3 donuts. And don't worry, its like $0.75 ea. I love that it's 24 hrs Mon-Fri and you order behind a bullet proof glass. It's owned by the same white family since 1947 but run by mostly black people. Am I getting racial. No, no, no. Just my observation. Most donut shops in CA are stereotypically run by Asians (the Cambodian, Filipino or Hmong type) and its a family business (kids work there after school). Not sure why that its, it just is! Ain't nothing wrong w/ that, just gotta make a livin'!Anyhow, there's all kinds of donuts here except for the aforementioned exotics like Cronuts, doughssants, bacon topped, oreo filling, reese's pieces-inspired, fluffernutter filled, vegan, or potato flour donuts. No cream puffs here either. That's ok. They do what has made them successful w/ their doughy and soft yeast and cake donuts. Their glazes aren't too sweet like the donut chains (Krispy Kreme) and they were the first to introduce me to the raisin donut and bars. They're open Saturday until they sell out around 6p and closed Sunday's. And is it ghetto surrounding their shop, hell yeah! But do I give a sh*t? No, I'm a 4'11" petite chic and have walked in at 2:45am when I get off work from the ER w/o any qualms. Just be aware of your surroundings. These ladies behind the counter are SUPER NICE and sweet and blush when you take their photo! They've also included a few donut holes for me for free! My search continues for exotic donuts as well as old fashioned donuts. When I can't get to DGD, I go to Donut Cutter!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,6/29/2014,131,109,5,11,9>The Detroit area doesn't offer a wide variety of island cuisine but this restaurant offers a very nice selection of Jamaican foods. We ordered the jerk chicken and chicken curry and were pleased with the flavor and quantity of food. The carry out containers were full of tasty chicken, a fritter and rice.  I really enjoyed the sauce on the jerk chicken. Sometimes restaurants will offer a jerk preparation and it is a dry, bitter concoction of spices.  Their jerk chicken had a rich, fruity flavor and the spices and seasonings blended well with the sauce.  The service was very quick and parking was plentiful.  There are dine in facilities available, but since I was in a rush, I took carry out.  They also have a refrigerator with Jamaican beverages that make a nice added touch to your meal.  The prices were reasonable...under 10 dollars per entrée that provided at least two meals for us.  If you are in the area, this is a good place to get a reasonable, filling meal.  Jamaican food from this relaxed restaurant can definitely tide me over until the day that Haitian food gets brought to the D!
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,6/28/2014,75,160,6,9,5>Wow....I was completely blown away by this joint. We went on a Saturday afternoon smack dab in the middle of lunch and dinner thinking it wouldn't be too crowded....wrong....the place was hopping! There were 12 of us total and we had a limited amount of time to eat which is why I chose this place over the typical sit down restaurant. Just about everyone got the chicken shawarma sandwich....even those that first said they were going to get a hot dog. It was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  Other choices included beef shawarma, chicken shawarma salad, Reuben wrap, hummus and pita and garlic spread and pita. Almost everyone had some of the garlic spread...it was delicious even though it was a bit of an eye watering, nose burning, sinus clearing experience.  Staff was super friendly and kept their cool amongst the chaos.After we left we walked to the people mover (btw....this place is in great walking distance of lots of fun Detroit sites) and the 12 of us smelly breathed people climbed on board. At the next stop the girl that got on board the people mover whispered to her friend that it smelled like garlic. Luckily I had some Yelp mints in my purse from my last swag bag and handed them out. True story!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,6/27/2014,155,332,4,6,3>Despite being known as the queen of sweets among my family and friends, I actually don't eat a ton of donuts, especially compared to the volume of other sweets I ingest, such as baked goods, candies, and chocolates. However, once I tried some of Dom's donuts, it immediately became clear that the reason for me not eating more donuts is because I've never had really good ones! The one exception I can think of would be the sugar glazed ones from the Krispy Kreme on Ponce in Atlanta, but that only applies if you magically timed it just right to show up within an hour of them being made.With the donuts here at Dom's, I just got some that looked like they've been sitting in the case for who-knows-how-long and they were delicious. Even 2 days later (because, of course, I had to buy a full dozen at a time and couldn't eat it all in one sitting), after nuking one in the microwave for 15 seconds, I was pleasantly surprised at how good it still tasted.Given how good their yeast donuts were in various forms, I feel like I may even try some of their cake donuts (which I normally avoid like the plague) or non-donut items.See you soon, Dom! I'm glad I didn't discover you until living in A2 for almost 2 years for I would certainly be alot jigglier than I am now if I did.
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,6/26/2014,192,175,5,11,6>I can't believe it took me as long as it did to get here, and now I can't wait to go back. This was probably the best dinner I have had in Royal Oak in a long while, if not ever. Actually, wait, this is Berkley? Who's counting?  Vinsetta Garage has been open now for a year? Maybe more? And surrounded with buzz and hype and I can now attest to all the high praise. For years I drove past VG when it was a garage. Who would have thought it would become a source of edible amazement? Tuesday night Michelle M. and Madelyn S. and I ventured to VG for a later night dinner. We were able to park on the street avoiding valet parking--I secretly hate valet parking--and walked right in and were sat at a central table. The staff was very courteous and friendly, and my friend Stacey H. who manages VG even stopped by to greet us and offer her recommendations. All of the beer on draught ware from Michigan and were wildly varied. I decided on the Empress Catherine from Short's because it has a great name. As for the eats, Madelyn and Michelle started with the Chicken Tikka Masala fries as a starter, which marries the greatness of fresh crispy french fries with the exotic magic that is Indian food. I did eat a few of the fries on the periphery that were sans chicken and I can say I wanted more. For dinner I ordered the Loaded Baked Potato Pizza (garlic butter, smoked cheddar, cheese blend, redskin potatoes, shiitake bacon--which was beyond heavenly to this vegetarian--, chives, and served with sour cream. I also added McClure's pickles because it just sounded like a quirky addition. This pizza was so good. So, so good. I ate almost all of it--and we're talking a 12" pizza. I would definitely order it again--perhaps with even more additional toppings. For the curious, the pickle totally worked. Michelle and Maddy split the Vinsetta Burger as well as the macaroni and cheese and broccolini. The mac and cheese was a little heavy on the nutmeg but was so comforting and creamy. The broccolini could have been cooked maybe a tad longer, but it even so, it was fresh and spicy, and hell, it's broccolini! For dessert, I resisted the urge for the pumpkin cheesecake and instead we split the Banoffee Pudding and the Malted Molten Lava Cake. Both were exceptional. The Lava Cake was served with homemade vanilla ice cream and Cap'n Crunch--I suggested they try it with PB Cap'n, or perhaps a sampler of original, PB, and Brunch Berries--but I may just be easily excited by a man in uniform. The Banoffee Pudding I found delightful, which really surprised me since I'm not one to be enthusiastic about anything banana flavored. I really cannot think of a better place for a date, though probably on a week night since I think there's still a huge wait on the weekend. The ambiance is fun and retro but modern with the original floors and Edison light bulb accents. There's even a group room in the back for bigger parties. Side note: I think we need a UYE in that back room so I can have another meeting with shiitake bacon. Stacey said we could make that happen. Go here. Eat it all. Be happy.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,6/25/2014,50,136,4,15,5>Such a fun, fun place.  I came here with a group of friends on a Friday night when Mark Dziloja (sp?), a former Wolfgang Puck @ the MGM was the featured chef.  He came out from the kitchen and explained all the courses, and they were absolutely delicious.  I'm a vegetarian, so I can't speak to the meat options, but based on my friends clean plates, I'm guessing they were just as good as my food.  We started with a ricotta spread that was seriously the most delicious ricotta appetizer I've ever had.  We saved the leftovers for the next course and were dolloping it on our salads.  Then came the pasta dish (with sausage for the meat eaters).  I don't know the exact sauce they used, but it was so yummy!  I was not a huge fan of the next dish, but that's mostly because I don't like curry in general.  Dessert was butterscotch pudding served in a ball mason jar, with crushed ginger cookies sprinkled on top.  Even though we were on course number 5, everyone in our group ate the whole jar--it was that good.General tips--(1) buy your tickets ahead online; they almost always sell out.  Plus, they have a menu listed for each chef (which will also tell you whether there will be a vegetarian course option for the evening)(2) The BYOB policy is pretty straightforward.  Bring a bottle of red and white.  They have corkscrews and wine glasses already set out on the table and you can serve yourself.(3) Wear layers if it's cold outside; it was definitely chilly inside the restaurant (but I'll cut them a little slack in this department because of the polar vortex and all that)(4) It's communal dining, but the number of total diners is small enough that you won't have trouble talking to your dinner companions
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,6/24/2014,22,135,5,6,5>We received a reommendation to go here by the owner of Flemings Steakhouse....so we thought we'd better give it a try.Sandwiches - artwork....great, fresh, tasty....I can't find a thing wrong with them.The fries were good too.   It's a cool sandwich place indeed.  It would be awesome for take-out or delivery.We met the owner and he was really cool and obviously invested in his place.Everyone there was really nice.The dining experience leaves a little to be desired.  There are just several hardtables and hard seats along with counter seating.  There can't be 20 seats in the entire place.  Eating in might be a bit challenging.   We froze as the door kept opening.So it's not the prettiest place in the world....but if you like sandwiches I guarantee you'll find something to your liking here.   I had the Turkey Reuben and it was fresh and wonderful.  My wife had the Monte Cristo and she loved it.  You should go there....yep.  Try 'em french fried taters, ummm.... (that's a Slingblade reference in case you just aren't getting it).   Enjoy !!!!
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,6/23/2014,49,753,5,14,14>My  son is in from Virginia & is craving polish food so here we are !!He mentioned he LOVES serving in the U S Navy , but misses the food variety he grew up on here in Metro Detroit.I picked up my son in New Baltimore at noon, and we were at Krakus by 12:40, it is very conveniently   located off of I-75 & The Davison .  And yes there is a fenced in lot & plenty of street parking.Walked in "Please Seat Yourself " sign near the door.We grabbed a little 2 topper along the wall & enjoyed seeing families & couples all enjoying there visit, the aroma of breaded -slow cooked pork chops overtook the place in a good way. My son said he felt like he was in someones basement in Sterling Hts.Our server welcomed us in  a very direct no nonsense way, i asked are you Agatha?yes~ how do you know me?  I replied several friends on yelp,she replied, who tell me there names.I ordered water & my son tried a polish beer, Perla since 1846.We didn't stray to much on our first visit, as we wanted to compare the basics to the other joints on Yemen street, so we both ordered the combination plate for $8.45which came with 2 pierogis ,large stuffed cabbage, 2 links of sausage,mashed potato , sauerkraut & dill pickle soupThe Dill Pickle Soup is without question , THE VERY BEST I HAVE EVER HAD!I was overheard by my son, moaning with each spoonful, I smiled at him & said, if they nailed this can you imagine what the platter will be like?!Agatha brought out our platters & they were stunning in appearance!No need for me to break it down like game film, but everything was EXCELLENT!The sausage had a very fresh & smoked taste, the kraut was did not have a bite , it was smooth, the pierogis were perfect & just lightly browned.We both only ate half of each of our combos & boxed the other halves.Ordered a bowl of dill pickle soup & cold beets for the bride.I'm calculating & planning my next visit real soon...So after  my 121 mile day I'm happy & beyond satisfied
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/22/2014,96,224,3,17,9>PHO IS 5 STARS!This review is for the Pho primarily.  I know it doesn't encompass the entire menu they're offering, but it was 5 stars none the less.  I've eaten at many of the Madison Heights Vietnamese places, and the broth here was above and beyond.  Menu offerings are far narrower in the Vietnamese category, as well as the Thai food. Withholding a star as the Pad Ped and Summer Rolls were 'ok', and haven't tried much else.   - V2 $3,  Egg Roll (see Spring Roll): Stuffed full of the flavored pork, very long and you get 2. Better bang for buck than most places, and a step ahead on flavor.  Served with traditional garlic fish sauce. - V3 $4, Summer Rolls: Quality roll, on par with some other Vietnamese establishments, but little light on vermicelli noodle inside so overall smaller. Obligatory peanut sauce with it. - V10 $9, Pho Dac Biet:  Mouth watering Pho with rare sliced beef, well done brisket, tendon, tripe, and meat balls.  WOW was the development of broth way ahead of anything I had before.  It was both complex, but simple in its flavor profile.  The gentleman who waited on us seemed to be part owner / leader. Was very helpful with questions, and at the end we talked Pho.  He explained how they select their bones for the stock, and season to taste rather than just 'measure and mass produce'.  It really showed. I was taking a friend out for her bday, she never had pho and sampled mine.  She loved the broth.  I had her try it virgin first, then with hosin and sriracha.  She ordered the Pad Ped chicken, which is a Thai dish with curry and coconut milk.  T2 on the menu, $10.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,6/21/2014,10,91,4,11,4>Indian food is not my favorite thing to eat, but this place knocked it out of the park! I went last Friday and I am already hoping to go back soon.They have a naan stuffed with nuts that is just perfect toasty sweetness.I also loved my shrimp curry, it had a good amount of shrimp and a nice creamy coconut flavor.My friend had a great vegetarian dish - I think it was the malai kofta. I think anything with that cashew curry paste will be good.Try the nimbu pani to drink, it is lemonade with clove and cardamom - refreshing and unique (at least to me!).
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,6/20/2014,119,111,6,10,10>After cramming into my table with oversized chairs, I dove into the menu. Many typical diner offerings made extra special by oversized portions and a stylish flair. However, two gems stand out:Captain Crunch French Toast! You order one piece expecting a tired piece of Texas toast dipped into crunchy bits of cereal but what came out was not only visually appetizing but oh-so-tasty as well. On a beautiful piece of French toast, Capt crunch cereal was grilled to perfection resulting in toast that was the right amount of dense yet perfectly soaked and tender. The taste perfectly reflects the sweet necessities of French toast with an added complexity of crunchy, slightly rich Capt Crunch cereal with notes of vanilla. I then hopped over to my husbands plate where there laid a Bomber omelet with hash browns covered in country gravy. Let me tell you... The things occurring on that plate were sinful. It was a breakfast orgy that saved the fireworks for the diner. Each bite was better than the last. The gravy molded together each ingredient and every once in a while a crunch piece of bacon broke up the ooey-gooey breakfast goodness, waking up my taste buds. I highly recommend this dish, especially if you've been lonely lately. It fills a void that very few things in life can....!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,6/19/2014,46,57,5,10,9>People! I'm upset NO ONE mentioned this place directly to me before. This was unbelievable. I can't wait to return. The decor and feel was underwhelming. Everything on my tongue was total shock. I had the andouille mac and cheese. Oooo-wwwweeeee. I couldn't manage to fit it all in my stomach but of what I did was beyond what I could measure in greatness. Warm, spicy, creamy, and exciting. This was a good flavor combo. The portions were close to family size. Not four but more than enough for two fair appetites. I will be trying this at home very soon.My friend had the buttermilk fried chicken with the house mac n cheese and house slaw. This place amazed me. I don't like many slaws but the cider vinegar and seasonings made this worth imitating. The house mac was also surprisingly creamy and flavorful. His chicken tasted as good as my Mom's and Dad's. I feel like no place large or small can get a leg up on home fried chick. Every place gives it the old college try but fall short. This chicken was damn near home made. The skin was crispy and seasoned well. The meat was not dry. It wasn't southern Maw's but It was definitely running neck and neck with home made competition. The breading and meat were perfect. I can't wait to return to write another review.Oh and I didn't get to try ANY of the decadent desserts. I'm missing life here!I feel like this place is not for watching your waist but true indulgence. I just ended something and this is the perfect place to fill the holes in my emotions.The bad is the price point. They over do it but they can. The demographic is Ann Arbor (yuppie) and college town. They can get away with charging this for American classics because it's great and no one else is doing American food like this in this area. So I will pay to eat here again, on lunch with smaller portions or I'll go with a group to save on cash and share the varieties.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,6/18/2014,12,179,2,9,7>Great burger place! Very unique choices, and very nicely seasoned patties. Cool atmosphere. Pickle bar is nice touch.We tried:- the burger special (French onion burger) this was good!- fat Doug was surprisingly good- lola fries were delicious- chocolate shake awesome- Apple pie and bacon shake was very unique in a good wayAll in all great upscale burger place, but a tad pricy for 'burgers'.
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,6/17/2014,146,322,5,11,7>I like this place. Have been a few times for various things, from karaoke night (I sang "Soul to Squeeze" by the Chili Peppers -- and I was damn good!) to birthday parties. The place reminds me of an older bar from yesteryear, with the old-school decor and straight-shooter image. It doesn't try to wow you with aesthetics, but that's fine. It's about the experience with the different people.You have some interesting folks here, from the older gentlemen who are sitting with the young blonde bombshells to the hipster crowd to those who just like to party. Drink prices are respectable and the ambiance is calm but inviting, whispering, "Come drink me up."There are different aspects to the bar too, from watching sports on multiple TV's, dancing, singing karaoke, and they have poker too I believe.It's a cool place to just hang out and throw back drinks, without the guido's and the douche bags cramping your style. It's kind of a blue-collar bar and that's fine with me.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/16/2014,123,129,4,12,9>Came her for the first time last night after being invited for a foodie meet up! What a wonderful experience :) I had: poutine, lobster ravioli, (tried) calimari, (tried) Scottish salmon, beet salad, Brussels and bacon, key lime cheesecake, strawberry twix bars, and bread pudding- practically had to be rolled outta there! HahaEddie, the owner came out to talk to us as did executive chef Scott b. both are awesome and so nice! :) now on to the important part- the food! The beet salad was delicious, very light vinaigrette, celery, walnuts, raisins, and obviously beets! Super satisfying, light and refreshing!Poutine- thin cut fries in a light gravy with cheese curds. Very good, I got the "side" and not the "starter" so it didn't have the fried egg or braised meat but it was very flavorful and I didn't really miss those add ons! It's not very comparable to other poutines I've had, like from one eyed bettys. Not that that's a bad thing, just flavor profiles are a lot different!Calimari- I ABSOLUTELY LOVED THIS! I only tried a couple pieces but I was absolutely hooked! Next time I come I will probably order two orders of these they were that good. Sweet chili sauce and lightly breaded- not at all chewy! yummm!!!Brussels and bacon were very good, they were perfectly executed with a nice balanced flavor. Lobster ravioli- this was a very good dish as well. Coconut curry sauce with a light hint of lemongrass, HUGE chunks of lobster. You could tell it was home made and not frozen premade stuff. Although this was great, I would get the Scottish salmon next time!Scottish salmon- superb! The crunchy bottom that chef Scott got on it was unbelievable! I really can't describe how good it was but be sure to try it ASAP as it's a seasonal item here! Desserts- the bread pudding and "twix" bars were my favorite! Overall, I loved this place- the owner, the chef, the food everything was great! I HIGHLY recommend you come and try it out! :)
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,6/15/2014,137,360,5,13,11>It took me five years, FIVE YEARS, to get to this five-starred establishment. Why? I love Detroit. I love art. It's just that I'm usually not that into museums. I'm not into the people standing back and fondling their chin as if they've suddenly become the critic for the New York Times. I'm not into seeing the SAME OLD modern artists and the SAME OLD impressionists. I'm tired of architecture that is so faceted that your reality becomes fragmented. Also not a fan of high admission costs.But then there's the DIA.I'm a contemporary art gal - baroque, rococo, renaissance, classicist... I couldn't tell them apart if I tried, nor do I care to. So I waltzed through the European Paintings room, and then walked out. Then went back in. Walked out. Went back in. This happened four times until I just realized that I had been completely seduced (though not in the way that I think the 13 year-old group of boys were, as they were taking cell phone pictures of every nude female painting and giggling). The way the paintings were curated, hung, and lit (and this will be a cliche, but all too true), they came to life. The light and texture in the paintings blew me away. Damn you DIA, for turning all my preconceptions on their head. Of course, the modern and contemporary stuff turned my head, too. From Abramovic to Marisol to Guyton to Warhol. Fantastic. I love that DIA is FREE FOR RESIDENTS OF WAYNE COUNTY. And it shows that they are opening their doors by the huge range of people walking through the gallery spaces. One guy looked like he just left a biker bar and he was saying the coolest things to his partner about what he saw in each work. There were groups of students of all ages. Made me ecstatic. People so open to seeing a new world. But what makes me completely smitten is the architecture of the museum - each collection has its own style/form/structure so that when you're in the museum, you actually feel like you are walking through different buildings, even homes, and traveling through time. You can just wander without any sense of direction and you will keep discovering room after room, art work after art work. Among the many sirenic spaces is a courtyard surrounded by a palimpsest of Old World architecture and populated by both modern and traditional furniture. Most importantly, Kresge court serves up tasty (and only slightly over-priced) food stuffs, tea, and coffee. Great for replenishing, or resting between floors.Say what you want about the Midwest but you can't call it podunk no more. This here city's got itself a world class art museum.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2013,6/14/2014,54,236,7,22,12>Happy to see this place finally opened! It replaced the "Chicken, Ribs, Fish" (yes, that was the name) place at 5 and Sheldon on the border of Plymouth and Northville. I stopped in to grab a sandwich for hubby when I didn't feel like cooking dinner. I arrived at about 6:15 and was surprised to see they are only open until 7PM. I did notice they offer breakfast sandwiches, and they open pretty early (6:30AM) but still the 7PM shut down seems early? Either way, I was greeted with a smile from the employee at the register/counter. They have a pretty simple menu with a dozen or so sandwich options, some sides, 3 salads and sodas. It's a corned beef place so naturally I went with the normal corned beef sandwich, and a side of waffle fries. They use Sy Ginsberg corned beef, and it shows. The sandwich, I believe priced at just over $8.00 was large and stuffed with delicious and fresh corned beef. The rye bread was also fresh and the waffle fries were excellent. I will be anxious to try their sweet potato fries on my next visit! I received my food quickly, but I know it was made to order. Over all, no reason why this place is any less than 4 stars, and is a welcome change over the nasty place it was before !!
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,6/13/2014,58,54,7,13,8>Thank goodness by fiance brought me here for Valentine's Day.  I have literally passed by this place for most of my adult life as it lies right on the freeway service drive to downtown.  I always assumed that this was a tiny bar and grille.  I have a buddy that grew up around the corner and he had no idea what was inside.Well now I know better.  This is an old school chop house with traditional chop house menu items.  Of course you have your obligatory filet mignon and chicken piccata.  However, there are also lamb chops, a half duck with one part covered in a creamy orange sauce and the other in sweet ligonberry preserves, and Chateaubriand, a tableside flaming filet mignon for two.  All of the entrees come with soup and salad, both of which are fairly standard.  You can upgrade to a french onion soup for a little bit more.  They also serve delicious warm yeasty rolls which honestly just make you hungier for your tastiness to come.  Obviously from my long description of the duck dish, this is what I ordered for my first time here.  My fiance ordered the Chicken Marsala.  The duck dish was fantastic and accompanied by a baked stuffed tomato.  Everyone around me kept looking at our table to see my dish and one guy on his way out tapped me on the shoulder to ask how it was. We liked our experience so much that we went back a couple weeks later with my future in-laws, who also were very impressed with the restaurant.We shared a bananas foster and it was so good that we were tempted to order another.They also have live music I believe from Thursdays to Sundays.Now, overall I probably described most upscale chain restaurants you can find in any major metro area.  However, you will not find another place like this for the price. In business speak, they have a compelling value proposition.Please please please try it out.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,6/12/2014,28,109,4,8,5>Great addition to the restaurant selection downriver! Everything tasted extremely good and fresh. There are some opening week bugs but they did not affect the food quality. The waitress was confused when we asked for a sushi order sheet and we received some hand rolls instead of norimaki. I heard they do not have Korean dishes yet, maybe they are waiting for stone bowls to come in. Also there is a sign offering free tea- my wife's ice tea was free but I was charged for my hot tea. Fortunately we got 10% off our bill because it was their first week open!We started with edamame and they gave us free crispy noodles. They didn't have a bowl for the empty pods but they brought out a wicker basket later... The handrolls were fresh and bursting with avocado or salmon. My brother liked his hibachi chicken which came with veggies, fried rice and a nice shrimp spring roll to start. I ordered the bento box which is the best deal on the menu. You choose one of ten entrees, one of six $5 rolls, one of four sides and white or fried rice. The bang bang shrimp was tasty but weirdly creamy and not spicy enough.The interior has not changed since it was Star Diner except for the addition of some Asian accents and two nice big fish tanks. Good decision, save money for ingredients!
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,6/11/2014,52,55,9,8,5>Dear Red Coat, I am very happy that I don't live anywhere near you because I would be a sloppy sloppy (but happy) fattie. I hate to admit that this was my first time going there in my 28 years but I'm very happy that my best friend took the chance of a long wait to pop my Red Coat Tavern cherry.I went to this lovely Establishment with my best friend and her 10 month old son. We were trying to debate on places to eat (that was appropriate for a baby to come along.. we're the type of gals that you get 2 beers in us, we're ready for shots.. so with a baby we needed a place to be on our best behavior). She suggested Red Coat but then immediately took it back because she said there's usually a wait. If it was just the two of us I don't think that would've mattered but with a 10 month old we didn't want to put him through that. Anyways long story short.. we took our chances.The atmosphere is super dark but cozy. The booths are a bit tight and if you decide to bring a little one.. they do not have high chairs. They have little booster seats with seat belts so if you feel like your baby is big enough to support himself then this will work.So as a newbie, a virgin.. I had to go with a burger. If you have read my other posts I have a hard time making decisions when it comes to my life aka food. Let's just say that they have a lot of good burger toppings and I decided to go with smoked gouda, lettuce, mayo, tomato, grilled onions and a side of russian dressing. (Little fact about myself: I love love love dipping sauces. I think I get nuggets or tenders just for the extra ranch, honey mustard, sweet and sour.. whatever!)My friend told me about 1/2 and 1/2 soup that she said I had to get.. so I got it and it's delicious. I'm not a big soup fan but a cup was just enough to get me through until my burger showed up. 1/2 and 1/2 soup is 1/2 clam chowder and 1/2 seafood chowder. Sounds fishy and a bit much but try it if you like both. It's a great combination.The burger literally showed up as soon as I was done with my soup and it's massive. I was not expecting a burger so big but it looked like something the hamburglar would live in (and advice to the hamburgler.. skip McDonalds and steal from Red Coat). The burger was cooked to perfection and I literally didn't know how to even eat this without looking like a pig. (Good thing I wasn't on a date.. because I don't hold back). I cut my burger into 4s like a little kid and could only scarf down 1/2 the burger with a side of sweet potato fries. All in all my friends.. such a great place and I can't wait to go back to try all the other great options I saw on the menu and the ones people are putting on yelp!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,6/10/2014,60,247,3,18,9>I am always happy to find a very good restaurant but I am really happy when it is across the street from a very good movie theater.  Such is the case with The Bird & The Bread, which is just steps from the Birmingham 8.  My wife and I decided to try it after seeing a movie.  Good choice.If I had to sum up the place in a phrase, it would be this: they care.  This was evident from our waiter, who, when I mentioned that I was vegetarian, said that they would be happy to whip up something special in addition to the existing veg choices on the menu; to the food (see next paragraph); to the room, an open, warm-spirited amalgam of restaurant and convivial bar yet welcoming to families; to wanting us to actually fill out feedback card there to the manager / proprietor (?) talking with us afterward.Speaking of food, it was quite good.  Again, attention to detail was what distinguished it.  Everything is from scratch.  The greens and grains salad (good dark greens, farro and amaranth and a nicely balanced raspberry dressing) was the best side salad I have had in some time.  My entree was an onion stuffed with quinoa and surrounded by greens, carrots and dense mushrooms in an intense sauce.  The onion had that wonderful roasted flavor (usually only available with meat entrees).  My wife also enjoyed her rotisserie chicken, done to fine crispness but not dry and accompanied with a subtle potato gratin.  All dishes were not only delicious but presented very artistically.I highly recommend you visit The Bird & The Bread, especially before or after a movie.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,6/9/2014,203,236,3,10,5>I am not a vegetarian by any stretch of the imagination, however, I have long heard about the benefits of cutting out meat and dairy that so many vegetarians have shared. With that in mind,  I decided to give Southern Nosh a try. If you didn't know, Souther Nosh comes from the people who brought us the soul food gem, Beans & Cornbread. In fact, it's just steps away from his non-vegetarian counterpart. I decided to start with two familiar appetizers, fried green tomatoes and tempura battered pickles. I've had my share of fried pickles, but never was I served the entire spear! Four spears to be exact, and boy were they delicious! The fried green tomatoes, which were battered in corn meal and soy milk were absolutely divine. They were sizzling hot and melted in my mouth. For my main entree, I ordered the meatless burger with sautéed mushrooms. I have never had bigger, fresher mushrooms in my life, and you still can't convince me that I wasn't eating beef (kidding of course). I would take that meatless burger over my favorite all beef patties any day. For one, it was much more filling, and secondly I know it's a healthier option. The burger came along with crisp and delicious sweet potato fries. YUM! Another notable side is the cajun corn! Spicy, salty goodness served right on the cob. They also offer desserts (which I was too stuffed to try) including sweet potato pie, blueberry pie, and vegan brownies! It's small and intimate inside & the service makes you feel like you're at home. Whether you're a vegetarian or not, you'll definitely enjoy the unique fare at Southern Nosh located in Southfield.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,6/8/2014,31,73,2,11,8>Fuji upgrades to 5 stars after two years of eating at this establishment.  Prices have slowly and steadily gone up, but it is STILL worth the price.I ABSOLUTELY cannot stand the overpopulated sushi restaurants based on ambiance and fifteen dollar spicy tuna rolls that leave you hungry, broke, and wanting for more.  1.  Weekend Dinners are $22-$24.  FRIDAY is the day you want to go.  Friday is where you can smash on all you eat LOBSTER mixed in a Chinese sweet ginger sauce.  AMAZING.  2.  NOTICE: For the serious sushi eaters - On Friday they serve uni, mackerel, and hotategai (raw scallop) sashimi style.  These sushi slices outside of hotategai are SUPPOSED to taste extremely "fishy".  It doesn't mean it has turned.  3.  Weekend Dinners also include ALL YOU CAN EAT Snow Crab Legs, Rock Crab, Crawfish, Ginger Crab, Oysters, Cocktail Shrimp, Flounder, Kalbi, Frog Legs, and varieties of Delicious Clams. DESSERT SUGGESTION:  Always the toughest part of a Japanese/Chinese buffet.  Try the chocolate cake, crumb cake, sugar donuts (in hot food bar area) and the ice cream.  Everything else can stay put.  Best Japanese/Chinese sushi buffet in the city (probably the state!)  See you there Detroit!
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,6/7/2014,48,224,4,8,7>I may have never stopped at this small diner, or really noticed it to stop, if not for reading the yelp reviews. And I'm glad I did.I was looking for a greasy-diner-type breakfast place along with some friends. We wanted somewhere where we did not have to wait at least a half hour on a Sunday (not an easy feat in this area). From the outside, the place looks sketchy, attached to a cheap motel. Inside, however, it is a pleasant, quite small, diner. The few tables are high tops that seat two. The four of us sat at the counter. The young waitresses were friendly and the service was good. The food was great. Fresh squeezed orange juice, made in the juicer on the counter, to start. A friend and I shared the corned beef hash, along with eggs and and some pancakes. Everything was basic, but cooked well. It was exactly what we were looking for and there were no left overs. The prices were good as well.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,6/6/2014,31,56,4,11,7>Thank goodness, another grocery store in South Lyon!Feeling stressed about going to the grocery store today?  Well you're in luck.  Just inside the entrance of Hiller's is a delightful little refreshments area that serves beer and wine.  So take a few minutes and wind down before filling your cart.My favorite part about Hiller's is their selection of fresh produce.  High quality, well-cared for fruits and veggies are carefully displayed in safe packaging to prevent bumps and bruises.  And, there's a great variety of seasonal, organic, and less common produce (cactus pear anyone?)If you're short on time, HIller's has plenty of quick meal options:  Hearty soups; rotisserie chicken; a fresh salad bar (with an endless selection of toppings); and pre-made foods to eat immediately or heat and serve.The bakery section has cakes, pastries, and other decadent desserts, as well as fresh breads.  I am always shocked at the beautiful presentation of these goodies--they are so lovely, you'd think they were crafted by a world-renowned pastry chef.  I sometimes have to take the scenic route through the produce section to avoid getting sucked in to these delicious but caloric treasures.One of the most unique features of Hiller's is their Wild Game locker.  It's possible you've tried venison, rabbit, and bison, but when is the last time you cooked with turtle, kangaroo, rattlesnake, wild boar, alligator, or ostrich???  Too adventurous for your tastebuds?  Fair enough, but keep the wild game locker in mind for gift ideas for the outdoorsman in your life.Hiller's has a flyer filled with weekly specials.  I highly recommend taking a peek through this before shopping because wide variety and high quality does not come cheap.  And an extra word of caution...when pulling out of the west exit of the parking lot, BE CAREFUL.  I've seen a few accidents here, and plenty of almost-accidents due to the cars pulling out on the opposite side of 10 mile.  I'm sure the nearby high school crawling with teenagers carrying freshly-laminated licenses does not help either.
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/5/2014,101,200,3,10,7>Holy yummy sandwiches!  I love sandwiches and this place has a TON!  I have only been here once, but the menu is great and I cannot wait to go back!  My boyfriend had the Colombo (Italian sub topped with asiago cheese and baked grinder style with a side of Italian) and I had The Outlaw (turkey, bacon, avocado, pepper-jack cheese, and tomato baked on a rustic roll and topped with BBQ ranch) and both were so good!  They also had chocolate chip cookies up by the counter that we got and they were really good as well.  They had 3 soups that day and I ordered the chicken lime rice and it was a little weak.  The categories of sandwiches include chicken, pork, turkey, tuna, beef, veggie and salami and they have soup, salads and sides as well along with some main entrees.  You can also sub tofu on any sandwich free of charge.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,6/4/2014,68,148,3,9,7>Love their homemade pasta! I've been there now several times and I've always had great meals and great service. My favorite pasta there is the linguine. When linguine is made too thick, it often gets chewy when it's cooked al dente, Their linguine is made really thin, which is a welcomed change. I've had the linguine arrabiata (my favorite by far) and the fettuccini con gamberi (shrimp) for entrees. Their calamari is fantastic. No bells or whistles about it, just great seasoning, light breading, and great texture. To end our meal, we ordered a canoli. Our Italian friend judges an Italian restaurant based on the food and their canoli. He has given the  official blessing. :-)
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2014,6/3/2014,219,1029,4,13,8>I'll give this place more like 4.5 stars. We made reservations 2 weeks advance for our 4 year anniversary celebratory dinner on a Friday night. We were left with the options of 545pm and 8pm for reservations. Whatever, we'll take 545pm. Come Friday, we drive over and got my car valeted. We check in and they offer coat check! Love it! We were brought to our seats which are half booths; booth on one side and chair on the other. Um the place is half empty! Who needs freaking reservations?! The decor is dark and romantic. The place is pretty spacious so I seriously don't think reservations are ever needed unless its restaurant week or something. It was like a good 10 minutes before our waiter comes. Complimentary bread with butter: BORING! and not too good in taste. Also I didn't like how there's no conformity in how much complimentary bread everyone gets. O well. Wood Oven Clams (chorizo, fennel, scrubbed toast) $13 - This was so freaking good! We devoured it! You get a good amount of clams and omg I loved the chorizo! The broth was very flavorful and there was so much fennel. You get a good amount of each ingredient. We felt like this was probably the highlight of our meal. Filet Mignon (sea salt & olive oil) $33 - I believe it was 8 oz. I felt like it was pretty tasty. My only qualm was that it was a bit salty. Like instead of enjoying a piece of steak I would be attacked with a piece of sea salt. Filet Mignon (crab bearnaise) $40 - My boyfriend ordered this. We wanted to try out this crab bearaise. The crab was plentiful but the steak was drenched in the bearnaise sauce which was a bit overwhelming. Carrots & Turnips $7 - We wanted some veggies for our sides. Gotta have a well balanced meal! It was cooked perfectly and really delicious. We want to make this at home. One bathroom in the restaurant. Obviously, it is really nice. If that is occupied you can use the bathrooms in the hotel lobby. Overall, we had a very good experience. All our food were delicious. The help staff was very on par. I don't mind coming back for another special evening. PS. You get a discount on the valet parking when you dine at Roast.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2013,6/2/2014,169,223,,16,7>I live right up the road from this place and drive by it on a daily basis. For the last two years there had been a "COMING SOON!" sign and I was starting to think the place would never open. Now that it has I will honestly say the wait was totally worth it. The place looks amazing on the inside. I had never been in there before it became the Old School Deli as it had been vacant for about 6 years. From what I had heard they basically gutted and remodeled the entire thing because it was so out of code. Yes they took their time, but it shows.The food was great and I like the way they have their menu set up for breakfast items. You basically pick the main item (for me it was Eggs Benedict) and then you get to pick from a long list of "Tag Alongs" (sides) to go with it. They set it up this way because not all people like the standard hashbrowns and toast that come with most breakfast dishes. You get a lot for you buck too. I think it was around $7 for the Benedict and you got to pick three sides that included juice, fruit, toast, hashbrowns, pancakes, bacon, sausage, spam (yes spam) and much more. I opted for toast, pancakes and the spam only because it had been 20+ years since I last had it and where else could I go outside of Hawaii that had spam on the menu?The Eggs Benedict were amazing. The eggs were poached perfectly and the hollandaise sauce was creamy and smooth. The star of the dish though was the english muffin. They are handmade in house much like the rest of the menu and were rich and buttery and had a crunch to the exterior, but were soft and chewy on the inside. They are nothing like you would expect the standard english muffin to be. The pancakes had to be some of the fluffiest pancakes I have ever had and had a hint of vanilla taste to them. Ah and then there was the spam. Like I said it had been over 20 years since my last encounter with this loaf style meat product and I must say I actually liked it. It was fried up and tasted like a ham/bacon hybrid.The service was very good and our drinks never were empty and Steve the owner seems like a really nice and down to Earth kind of guy. He came by our table thanking us for coming in and told us about the restaurant and the menu. I like the fact that they try to source as much of their stuff from Michigan based companies too as it shows they care about the local economy which makes me want to support them even more. Another great thing about the place is that if you eat there on your Birthday you get your meal at the cost of what minimum wage was the year of your birth. One guy came in while were were there excited to get his $0.30 meal. All in all everything was great and I think we have found our new favorite breakfast joint to go to on the weekends.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,6/1/2014,33,144,6,18,11>I was super excited to see the first Indian restaurant open in Dearborn since that awful Peacock restaurant closed 5+ years ago, so I planned a dinner there last night.Most of the other reviews here are spot-on. Being in an old coney island, the kitchen looks like a short order kitchen and is exposed to the diners. The ambiance doesn't scream "India" to me, but ultimately I go to a restaurant for the food.The food is where the experience really shined! We started with the samosas. I ordered the Shrimp Masala; my companion ordered the Lamb Vindaloo. We also ordered the garlic naan.The samosas were spicier than any other I've had; for me, this is a plus. They were full of flavor, soft and tender on the inside, nice and crispy on the outside. The Shrimp Masala was phenomenal. My companion loved the Vindaloo. Both portions were generous, but being hungry, we took no prisoners and didn't need a doggie bag. :)The naan was good, but as another reviewer mentioned, there isn't a strong garlic flavor to it. It was soft and worked great for scooping up the delicious gravy on both of our entrees, though.It seems from the other Yelp reviews that this place has a problem with service; fortunately, we didn't experience it. The server was polite, even if the conversations he started with the table were a bit awkward. Drink refills came often, the food came out piping hot, and a gentleman who I presume is the cook and/or manager stopped by the table twice to check on our experience.There are only two reasons for four stars instead of five.  First, the value - the meals, at $12 and $14, were more expensive than most other places I'm used to, and that didn't include naan. Second was the decor of the restaurant.I love some of the Indian restaurants in Farmington Hills and Canton, but honestly I would put Maharaja up there in terms of food quality, and for me it's a five minute drive versus half an hour. Definitely stop in and give it a try! I'm hankering to test out their lunch buffet now.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/31/2014,63,73,12,13,9>I really didn't want to like this place.  It's 100% "Birmingham", especially for brunch and late night at the weekends: guys who spend too much time at Powerhouse; ladies with gigantic sunglasses and hair with a higher maintenance budget than Air Force One.It's good, though.  Surprisingly good.  Yes, I've had things here with more style than substance, and it's certainly expensive, but almost everything really works.  Their burger is priced at joke levels, for example, especially for the size, but it's a memorable damn burger.  Generally I find that the best way to cook one is just to make sure you've got a lot of fat in there, so you really can't screw up cooking it, but they go lean.  I'm not sure what their technique is, but the thing bursts with juices when you bit into it and the quality of the meat is spectacular.Their brunch really is shockingly consistent, too.  The menu stays largely the same, albeit with minor changes for every season, but they have specials every weekend.  I could go through specifics that I've eaten there, but really, most everything I've tried has been really solid, and different from the usual brunch fare (scrambles, omelets, etc., etc., etc.).  Minus some chicken and waffles that were a little bland - but there are better places for those, anyway (Social for trendy/upscale, New Center Eatery for traditional).Not to mention, their cocktails are interesting and constantly changing, and their outdoor seating area is gorgeous in the summertime - assuming you can hold your nose at the douchery around you.  So the place is great just for drinks and lounging, even if you're not eating.Honestly, the general quality of the food is more on the 4 to 4.5 star level, but this place is sitting at 3.5 stars right now and quite frankly it's better than that.  People are probably getting a little turned off by the Birmingham crowd, but if that's not your scene, just ignore it.  They won't bite, and they won't force you into a conversation about the high price of au-pairs, or the difficulty in finding a decent spa treatment, so who cares?
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,5/30/2014,190,319,2,9,6>Cool concept. Paint and Pour Mobile takes painting to your local restaurants and bars. It is slightly different from other franchises as you don't BYOB. I went to a Paint and Pour session at Union Street in Detroit. Scheduling: You preregister and pay on line for a painting date of your choice. They have painting nights all over Metro Detroit. Painting: You will arrive at your selected restaurant or bar to be greeted by the instructor. My instructor was lively and welcoming. Painting lasted 2 hours with all of the supplies included. You had the option of buying drinks from the bar if you wanted to (extra cost). She walked us through creating our masterpiece and I enjoyed it. It was an intimate setting and all the other painters were on "date night" outings. So if you want something to do with your sweetheart or potential then this would be a good one to try.Cost: Paint and Pour is comparable to other painting businesses in the area.I liked that it was a change of scenery from my usual painting. It would be cool to have dinner before painting and enjoy the artistic flow.
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,5/29/2014,37,119,5,9,7>I loved the Royal Oak Farmers Market! So much fresh fruit and vegetables to choose from and other bakery and food items. I bought a bag of caramel corn from one vendor that was the best darn caramel corn that I ever tasted. It was even better than the candy corn that my mom used to make. That is a complement to the vendor. I stood in front of another vendor's table that was covered with just about every type of mushroom you could imagine. I hurried to call my sister-in-law to see if she wanted me to get some for her because she drools over portabello mushrooms whenever she orders an entree with them. There were tables and tables of apples... all from Michigan. There were carrots, onions, potatoes, leeks, lettuce, home-made sausage, bread, and many, many more food items and spices. The place was packed and people were leaving with very full bags. I'll be going there again. The parking is free during the time that the market is opened. The market is located on 11 mile road just east of Main St.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2014,5/28/2014,206,296,5,13,10>I'm soooo excited and don't know where to begin!!Two words. BON CHON aka the real KFC (Korean Fried Chicken). Bon Chon is not your average chicken wings like Buffalo Wild Wings or something. Bon Chon is doubled fried, so it takes a lot longer for this meal to come out (sometimes 30 minutes). The only other place that serves Bon Chon is Seoul Street in Ann Arbor. And let me tell you, this by far beats Seoul Street. The chicken is perfectly crisp and layered with soy garlic or a spicy sauce. I would ask for more soy garlic on my chicken wings, but it was wonderful nevertheless. In addition, you have to eat the fried chicken with the pickled daikons. I wish I had a tub of the daikons. It's perfect with fried food . You must get the chicken wings here, but on to the other food. The bibim noodles. Wow. It was salty, spicy, sweet, and the flavors were right on. My only complaint is the portion size. I just wish there was more!This place isn't cheap for chicken wings or food. It's about 8 dollars for 8 pieces, and +/- 10 dollars for a smaller bowl of noodles. But the flavors are all there.I went at prime time for lunch time, you can tell they are extremely understaffed. It was only an old cute Korean guy taking orders and cooking! So, don't expect amazing service. He was extremely nice though. They really need to hire at least 1 wait staff or have more family come in. Regardless, I will be back. It's off of main street, but not in the center of downtown Royal Oak. I hope this place picks up with more customers and the quality of food stay the same. I am just sooo glad I can get my Bon Chon fix somewhere!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,5/27/2014,515,128,7,21,15>Five stars is generous, but my meal at Tre Monti deserves it. We sat at the bar, because that's what we do. Not stuffy, but not super casual- just right. The bartender, Mia, was wonderful! My cocktail was super tasty, gin with St Germain and some white grape and lime. I was expecting it to be okay, as most restaurant cocktails are. But it was great. Or rather, they were great. Plural, as usual. As for the claim that the butter served with the bread is cold, it is not. If it was, they've stopped. The butter is luxuriously soft and seemed to be spiked with a bit of cheese. The bread, which I should not be eating, was warm and fluffy, chewy with a beautiful crust. So good. My beet salad was excellent, the tri color salad my friend had was good, but very simple and not as exciting as my choice. A little bird had told me that the filet Tre Monti serves is possibly the finest in our area, so I went for it, medium rare. It's served perfectly cooked atop a bed of bright red beet smashed potato, topped with a little blue cheese and some roasted spaghetti squash. There's a little aged balsamic and roasted garlic to balance the plate. The verdict? In my opinion, the filet is stellar and is indeed one of the very best I have had in our great state. Perfect sear, beautiful pink in the middle, flavor was killer. The potato was sensual and unusual and comforting all at once. Overall, an outstanding example of what a steak should be. A glutton by nature, I felt the need to round out my meal of 9 oz of meat with desserts and coffee. I chose the lava cake with hazelnut gelato for there and the NY style cheesecake for home. I also had a cappuccino. The chocolate lava was warm, chocolaty, dark and delicious. The gelato was a perfect creamy touch of lightness. The cappuccino was also perfect. I'll have to report back on the cheesecake but I was told it's amazeballs. Overall, I'm highly impressed with Tre Monti. Fantastic service, not over the top but just right. The vibe here is upscale and pleasant. I'll be back. Regularly.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/26/2014,48,116,5,5,5>Woa.Whats wrong with me, why haven't I been eating here until now?That wonderful establishment doesn't need another review but man, go here.Fresh, amazing everthing. The bread is like a tasty pillow of your dreams. The sourdough- my God. I've had sourdough from a very famous place in San Francisco I thought was amazing. I can't believe I went all the way there when this place is in my backyard. The soup- delicious. Wild rice, creamy, chicken chunks any pot pie pines for.The sandwich, cradled in that sourdough. Amaz. Artichokes galore with a dollop of pesto freshness and chicken galore. The lemon poppyseed tea cake that was free with my meal? Sugar sprinkled Angels made it. The aroma was so alluring that as you ate it, your mouth watered. I can barely contain my joy. Then the giant chocolate cappuccino cookie.  I mean get out.This meal was my lunch and dinner plus some. Tops my list of pure gluttonous enjoyment. Everything,  gals and guys. Try it all. The muffins are going to be my next feast. The LUNCH muffins. I'm so happy....
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,5/25/2014,149,123,3,9,8>I  can't believe I haven't reviewed Northern Lights Lounge. I love this place!Thanks to Yelp I found one of my favorite bars in Detroit.  This truly is unlike any place I've ever been, in Detroit or elsewhere. It's hard to describe NLL... It's much classier than a dive bar, but brings no pretense and has better prices on both the drinks and the food than you'd ever get a swanky night club. The staff is always amazingly friendly and whatever live entertainment is going on that night is sure to be great.  It's a place where you know you can't go wrong.The decor - circa 1970 something... They kept a "retro" vibe without it feeling like it's just old and someone forgot to update the place for 40 years.  And people keep mentioning the bathrooms, but the bathroom rocks. Just visit it and see for yourself.  The whole place is very clean and well kept, I'm actually not afraid to eat here (as I may be at some other of my favorite watering holes).  And the food is pretty good!I also have always enjoyed the crowd. You never know who you might see!  I love the diversity and energy of the patrons - any day of the week.Just a note, they occasionally have a cover. Seems like it happens more often on the weekends, based on the live music that night.  It's usually very reasonable, but just be prepared with a little extra cash so you don't get caught having to make an emergency trip to the ATM.It's worth a trip to New Center to visit Northern Lights Lounge. Don't miss out!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,5/24/2014,100,119,3,9,6>Having just moved to Ann Arbor from Houston, I have been experiencing BBQ withdrawal. Satchel's delivered with a quality BBQ experience.At the counter, a friendly man with a name tag Big Bad John took my order. The menu was very simple. I got a pulled pork sandwich and a pulled chicken plate with potato salad, mac and cheese, beans and rice, and cornbread. Order time was very quick. It was only a 5 minute wait.There was plenty of seating. I sat down and began to eat. The meat itself was good but nothing special. The sandwich bun was a step up from Biercamp. The sides were delicious too. What really got me excited though was the huge selection of sauces provided at the table. I tried every single one and enjoyed them all; vinegar sauce, spicy mustard, sweet, hot sauce, and a house BBQ sauce.Prices were very reasonable. I will definitely be returning when my craving for BBQ returns!
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,5/23/2014,71,102,4,9,6>I FREAKIN LOVE THIS PLACE!!! It's just around the corner from my house, so anytime I have guests over, I bring in a pizza from tomatoes. I also love going there and ordering my pizza, salad, and their delicious nutella dessert pizza. Holy crap it's good. The restaurant is always clean when I dine in, and their salad bar is always stocked. I love the option of the salad bar. It just adds to my experience. Their servers are great, friendly, and don't mess my order up.When I carry out, the girl at the counter is SO SWEET! She always strikes up a conversation with me, we get chit chatting, and 10 min. have gone by, and although I have my pizza in hand, I feel comfortable, and never feel like I'm being pushed out. You can tell she really likes her job, because she is really good at it. Her customer service is phenomenal. A+++The pizza/salad/dessert is always on point, and never disappoints!
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,5/22/2014,110,141,2,7,5>I like Public House and prefer it over it's sister Imperial. The ph lentil burger was extra good- I can't go here without ordering it! I never like when restaurants serve chips because they just seem like a subpar snack food to me- but YUM their homemade potato chips are excellent with a good dipping sauce. The buffalo chicken deviled eggs are also enjoyable. I like PH because you can get a small portion and spend a small amount of money for well crafted, creative, good food. It is a good place to bring friends in from out of town for a place to chat and snack for a few hours.Lastly, I am really looking forward to my baby being born so I can try one of their boozy Milkshakes!!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,5/21/2014,19,242,4,15,6>I've been here to shop, have lunch and now dinner. This review is for DINNER ONLY.(I've already rated shopping and lunch as 5 star). The food was excellent and alone would be 5 star, but there are a few things that make it a 4 star for now. First the menu is a little limited in my opinion. None of the great Panini they offer for lunch are available on the dinner menu. You would think they could offer a couple ( although they have some tremendous pasta items and pizza is available).Second the entrees are a little expensive (except the pastas). Third the service was a little slow. Finally they have no dessert menu ---strange !  All of these issues can be corrected in the near future. On this occasion I ordered the Insalata Mista salad for starters and it was excellent, just the right amount of Italian dressing and all very fresh greens. Then I got the pizza dejour---white pizza with salmon---exceptional. My wife started with the Minestrone soup and then the Gnocchi Natu  and said both were delicious Our friends ordered the salmon entrée and a pizza and loved them both. (the pizza here is among the best you will ever have).And now the dessert situation. They have the greatest bakery items you will see anywhere and a superb gelato bar, but they offer nothing for dessert. If you want dessert you have to go get it yourself and bring it to your table and they will add it to your bill. My wife got up and got the peach gelato and it was excellent, This dessert policy will change soon I'll bet. Their bakery has some of the best Cannoli and cake you will ever taste.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,5/20/2014,794,350,4,8,7>Birthday Buddy Time!Kenny was in the mood for some good pizza and since it was his birthday, his choice. We picked another place but it wasn't open for some reason. Kenny had picked up a pie here quite a while ago so we stopped.As I walked in the door I noticed something another one of our fine reviewers wrote "I noticed that when ever anyone mentioned this place to me...they were always an older couple. I mean "older" older! Made me start thinking...they must make stuff the good old fashioned way!" (Mia K. 2008). Well one thing she was right about, "old people" know good food at reasonable price. I guess I'm getting old and Kenny too! We obviously ordered trhe pizza at the waitress recommendation even though we planned on it anyway. It was a double cheese, meat lovers style and chased down with several domestics. I really enjoyed this pizza. It was a regular round pizza with a really good taste. The  pepperoni was sliced a little thicker like it was freshly cut. good size chuncks of italian sausage and thick slices of ham. Very good meal. Worth returning for (for us old people).Decor kinda out of the seventies or earlier maybe but I like it that way old and comfortable and reasonably priced. I miss the corner pizza joint and this is what this place reminded me.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,5/19/2014,229,201,6,12,10>So on a quick side note Elan Candies was suppose to be my #100 review in 2013 because I love this place so much but somehow I got behind with my reviews and I now sit here writing this as my #83...so close but so far away...sad face:( Now to the review!Wow I can't believe there's no reviews yet for Elan Candies, this is some top notch rich buttery toffee made with roasted Georgian pecans here people!Only open October - April, they don't sell this amazing candy in stores so you must order online or come into the store where they are making it. Cash or Check ONLY They sell them in one pound, half pound and 1oz mini boxes. You can get a box of just toffee called Elan, or dipped in Milk Chocolate or dipped in Dark Chocolate. You can get a box with all 3 inside (called Triple Mix) or anyway you like. I love the toffee all the ways they make it and usually always get myself a one pound Triple Mix every year for the holiday....and I don't share mine but I do buy a lot of my friends and family some as gifts.They can also throw a cute bow on top and make it look even prettier for a cost starting at $1-$2.25BTW Elan in French means: With a flair
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,5/18/2014,48,71,3,7,5>Love Kerrytown. I know someday far from now when I don't live in Ann Arbor -- I imagine myself living in an extravagant cabana in Bali sipping Bahama Mamas-- I'll really miss the eclectic quaintness of Kerrytown Market and Shops. Of course there's the events, like the twice weekly farmers markets and the book fair and Santa during christmas, to name just a sliver. I went there a few weeks before Christmas and there was a little string band downstairs, and carolers upstairs and the place was packed... it was the convergence of seven different hallmark movies cute. I also love the businesses in Kerrytown, especially Sweetwaters, Sparrow, Everyday Wines, Found, Hollanders and the Lunchroom. And the seafood market. I like the layout, how the businesses just flow from one to the other. It's a feast for the eyes, and of course the wallet. Pro tip: don't come here in search of a bargain unless you're going to the farmers market.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2013,5/17/2014,35,62,7,7,6>This place is sort of a little gem in downtown Clawson. It's your basic diner - burgers for lunch, eggs/omlets for breakfast. No surprises here. But there's something inviting about the place. Its sort of like the diners you'd find up North with local ladies serving up coffee and a dude in the back frying up your eggs. It's nice.The place is tiny. If you go on a weekend morning around 9:30 expect to wait. But the staff is always quite friendly. And there's a patio outside for those early summer Saturdays when you want to sip coffee and enjoy a downtown-y atmosphere somewhere other than Royal Oak.There's a large, free parking lot available so no meters or fighting for space. Bring the kids or that guy you brought home last night. Either way you wont be disappointed.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,5/16/2014,99,290,,8,6>My first time visiting Motor City Wine's new digs!I enjoyed it and would like to get back there more often. Sure, it looks like a dive bar on the outside... but it warms up on the inside with a bistro type of feel. There is more wine than you can imagine and a menu of apps to snack on that are perfect to accompany wine (cheese, crackers, pastrami, etc). The live entertainment each night is well worth the visit in itself. There is a menu board with each night's entertainer and if you follow them on facebook or even sign up for their mailing list, you'll always be informed of who's performing and when. If there isn't a live performer, there's someone spinning, so you really can't go wrong with Motor City Wine for an evening out on the town.Speaking of events... there are wine tastings every month, so following their facebook page and signing up for their mailing list would be a great idea!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,5/15/2014,45,104,,10,5>One of my favorite things about Yelp-ing is discovering a business that doesn't exist yet in Yelp and adding it! I did not "discover" this business, I have been going here since I was a kid but it has been about 6 years since I've been here and I do not live in the area. I have been harping on my husband about how different (and better) Chinese restaurants on the West side are than on the East side. I was hoping to put my money where my mouth is and MANDARIN KITCHEN YOU DELIVERED THE GOODS!!!  Thank you! I took as many pictures as I could although we did not order the most photogenic food everything was delicious and hubby agreed (whew!) THIS is how Almond boneless chicken should taste! THIS is how fried rice should be prepared (with tasty chunks of chicken and egg and green onions.) Crispy delicious egg rolls, served with plum sauce and hot mustard without asking for it. Great selection of combinations and daily specials. And wonderful friendly (family) staff. They even gave us one of those groovy bamboo calendars that I so covet. If you are in the area PLEASE give them your business! They deserve it and you will not regret it, best Chinese I've had in ages! (Side note: like most Chinese restaurants it is not the most atmospheric. The decor is old and outdated but it is very clean which is important in an eating establishment.)
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,5/14/2014,96,107,4,8,8>I am kind of obsessed with this place.  Hands down the best Asian bakery I have been to in this area.Would like to mention in advance that bubble teas and super sweet cakes/tarts and such are not really my thing, so I haven't tried them here and they will not factor into my score.What I am really into are the savory pastries and more traditional Asian-bakery style deserts (such as Pineapple Buns and the like).My hands down favorite item here is some sort of peanut roll.  Not sure what it is called but it is a coconut-covered dense ball of sticky goodness stuffed with a chopped peanut concoction that will make your eyes roll back in your head.  It is beyond amazing and they are large/dense enough that you can split one between two people and both still get your fill.My favorite savory item is the curry chicken pastry.  These are not always available and when they are they seem to go quick.  If you go to QQ and see that these are available, seize the opportunity and TRY ONE!  So so good.  The flaky texture and the rich seasoning in the filling combine to bring you to a state of pastry-induced nirvana.  They also have a more readily-available curry beef pastry which will do in a pinch, but the curry chicken is so much better.  Not that there is anything wrong with the beef.My other favorite items are the roast pork buns, ham & scallion rolls, and fried pork & cucumber sandwich thingy (no other way to describe it).  Can't go wrong with any of these options although to be honest I've never had something I didn't like from QQ.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,5/13/2014,26,61,6,12,7>A great place to snag a greasy gut bomb of a lunch. Of course, you can't do this every day or you will be dead very quickly.The prices at Caprara are right. A pepperoni roll is $2, and will more than flll you up. The hoagie is $3, and is packed with pepperoni roll ingredients plus ham. Pizza slices are $1.50!I buy the hoagies here and snack on them all day, because I cannot get enough of it. The joy of opening that grease soaked paper bag and taking a bite out of a warm loaf of bread filled with meats and cheese and sauce is heavenly. It continues to be delicious when it is cold, because duh. I always grab a san pellegrino to go with my lunch - if I am going out of my way for this lunch I might as well add a few extra carbs, am I right?I haven't tried a lot of the other goods here, but I do love their peanut butter cookies and always pick up a few when I am drooling over the rest of the display case. Those cannolis are probably good, the brownies are definitely good. Since there is usually a line, I feel pressured to choose what I want immediately. Thankfully the staff is friendly and patient!I've gotten pizza supplies here before and the dough turned out great! just let it warm up for an hour or so outside the fridge and let it spread onto your pan (or toss it, if that's what you're into). Nice and airy dough, but it crisps up well if you want to do it Detroit style (put it in your cast iron!).
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2013,5/12/2014,23,185,3,9,6>Again, the lack of 1/2 star vexes me!  This should be 4.5 stars.The flagship restaurant, Cafe Zola, Is one of me favorite places for breakfast.  I was happy to see one open up on the east side of Ann Arbor.  It's so much easier to get to.  I no longer have to slalom through the series of ill timed traffic lights that is Ann Arbor.  I kind of like this place even better.The food is just as good here, which means great.  My 1/2 star deduction is for the sheer portion sizes.  I had to jam it all down somehow because it was so good.  I don't, however, need the volume.  Neither did my SO.  The coffee was wonderful, as always.  Since the price, in part, reflects the portions, I think what is charged is fair.  I'd rather eat and pay less, though.We were immediately seated and waited upon.  The beverages and food came quickly and at the right temperature.  While I like the surroundings of the downtown version, seating is really close together, especially in the extra clothing part of the year.  The problem is not present here.  The tables are nicely spaced in a large airy, well lit space.This place works nicely for us!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/11/2014,413,81,,8,9>Well we stopped by to meet a friend for drinks, we met her at the bar and she had ordered food and is a regular there. (she rates the food very highly if you like Cajun) My review is for the bar and service.It was a snowy Thursday night so there were only a few people in the place, most seemed like regulars. The bartender was very friendly and was sure to make sure we were taken care of. He was quick to honor all of our requests including bringing us a bottle of Valentine Vodka (distilled right around the corner in Ferndale) to look at.Before leaving the bartender overheard us discussing it was my GF birthday and he offered up a birthday shot for the lady. ;-) What a nice little bonus.Seems like a cool place for a drink or a bite to eat, we will definitely put this place on the list of places I will be checking out again, looking forward to eating the food and having another drink or two as Ferndale is a regular stop to wet my whistle. 5 stars for a local pub to grab a quite drink, I'll report back on the weekend scene as the weather turns
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,5/10/2014,60,131,4,7,8>WARNING: HIGHLY ADDICTIVE!This is my go-to Chicken joint.  It's been here seemingly forever and I have it on good word that it will be around for a very long time to come.  The Chicken here is Broasted, that's kind of like a deep fryer and pressure cooker all rolled into one, and you can taste the magnificent difference.  The flavor is throughout the bird and it's equally moist and tender without any hint of dryness or undercooking.  Just right.  As great as the Chicken is, what really makes it are the Potato Wedges, also Broasted, that taste phenomenal.  I haven't had the Ribs yet, but I hear good things!This is a Carry-Out, no real place to sit.  Lot's of kitsch decor like toys and knick-knacks on the walls and most of the building is taken up by their tricked out kitchen, where you can watch them do everything.  Various sodas and Gatorade in the fridge if you're thirsty and the Cole Slaw is pretty good too.They do Catering if you're having a birthday party or corporate get together and these guys will go out of their way to accommodate whatever your needs are.Skip the colonel, ditch popeye and leave the 'shack' by the side of the road and step in here.  You deserve better!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,5/9/2014,107,357,6,12,11>"Dangerously Delicious" couldn't be more accurate. After plowing through my bbq pork pie, my brain told me I needed another slice... even though there was absolutely no room in my belly! These things are addictive!My husband and I were a little thrown off by the experience. First, we couldn't find the place because it's located inside Third Street bar. Then we didn't know where to enter the building (figured out: through the back door). The setup seemed a little shady... "Here, buy some pie from the back of an industrial bar. It's tasty!" but we managed it all and enjoyed our dinner immensely. After we devoured our bbq pulled pork and S.M.O.G. slices of pie, we decided to try one of their sweet offerings: apple-blueberry pie. It was so yummy. There was no room in either of our stomachs, but we definitely tried to eat it all. So sweet and delicious. I'm totally not a "pie person" but the food they serve here is divine. You've gotta try it, especially since it's so cheap. It's only $6 for a slice of pie and the savory varieties come with a side salad, so it's a perfect portion and a great value. And to kick it off, they accept credit cards (I hate when small businesses don't!).I'll be dreaming of Dangerously Delicious Pies until my next visit.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,5/8/2014,426,153,,12,8>This place is comparable to Fuji Buffet in Madison Heights and about $4 less for the dinner buffet at $17/person. Nice decor, friendly owner and servers, food is of buffet quality. We were having trouble getting crab legs because people kept taking all of them as soon as they came out, so the BF asked our server if she could bring some from the kitchen. We didn't really expect her to do that,  but she did come over right away when the crab legs came out to tell us. Yay crab legs! I also specifically wanted chicken feet, and there was very little left, so the BF asked the owner for fresh chicken feet, and ta-da the next time we went up, he told us there was fresh chicken feet. The sushi is of buffet quality, so go for the rolls instead of nigiri. I'm spoiled by fresh sushi in California, and the fish here was not very fresh, but it's what you expect from a buffet. Overall, we had a good time! As you can tell, the owner and servers were very accommodating to our requests, and they really wanted to make us happy.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,5/7/2014,31,52,7,8,4>YUM!  Not a bad thing on the menu (that I have found).  Went with a few friends on a Saturday around 12.  It's small with limited waiting area but luckily we got a spot right away.  In the summer they have a small outdoor seating area as well.  The coffee is great here and there is always someone walking around refilling your cup.  I ordered the breakfast poutine because who says french fries can't be a complete meal?  I'm not Canadian but I think this meal would serve them proud (I think the owners are real life Canadians so makes sense...).  Poutine on its own is basically gods gift to the world...so adding bacon and an egg on top can never be wrong.   They have a fancy ipad like device for signing your bill and we ended up not leaving a tip and they couldn't fix it so we had to leave it in cash...only complaint, and it was probably user error (love you Dave but lets be real you aren't that good with technology).
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,5/6/2014,70,29,23,11,10>Hello.  I have not written a Yelp review in approximately three years.  Bill's Drive-In has instilled some Brett Favre-ian magic into my weary writing chops and has made me believe that I can still lace'em up one last time and sling it from the hip like I used to.My father is a coney dog connoisseur. What is a "coney dog," you ask? For the uninformed, a coney dog is an all-beef hot dog topped with chili and white onions and mustard, a specific combination that individualizes it from the generic "chili dog."  When I say my father is a connoisseur, I mean to say that he grew up devouring coney dogs since his childhood.  I mean to say that during my own childhood, he would often come home after work with a sack of these little delicacies, set said sack on the kitchen table, and call it "dinner."  I mean to say that because of this diet, I had my own struggles with high cholesterol and being overweight while growing up, but have developed my own critical and discriminating palate when it comes to a coney dog.  When I encounter a new place that claims to peddle coneys to a largely unsuspecting public, I say "BRING IT."Bill's has brung it.  Broughtten it.  Did bring it.  I struggle with these conjugations because I am still reeling from this experience.  Bill's Drive-In exemplifies why I joined Yelp in the first place:  to wax philosophical on incredible eating experiences at little-known venues.  I didn't even know it existed until one of my friends told me about it.  He had to describe it to me by using general details before moving to specific ones, much like how a police sketch artist asks a victim to describe a mugger:  "It's on Michigan Avenue.  It's on the left side.  It's sort of by the Korean place (stay tuned).  It's yellow and about the size of a tool shed."  This place is crazy.  I pull in, not really knowing what to expect.  I was planning on getting out of my car, but some dude walks up to my window and asks me what I want.  He had a stack of bills in one hand.  I ask him what they have.  He lists all THREE things they have on the menu.  I order some things.  Five minutes later he comes back and hands me a paper bag.  I pay him.  I drive away.Also, I pretty much just described a drug deal.  However, there is one major distinction:  a drug deal doesn't usually cost $4.39.  Actually, I apologize.  I don't remember really what I paid, but $4.39 sounds a little high.  My point is, it was ridiculously cheap.  Here is where logic defies me:  this was by far the best coney dog I have ever had in my entire life.  My friends rag on me for my generous use of superlatives, but this is no exaggeration.  This is the greatest coney dog I have ever introduced into my digestive tract.  The funny thing is, this place also has the audacity to call it a "chili dog."  They didn't even use the lingo.  I wish they would have.  I would have been more prepared.Look at this.  It's a mess.  I'm a mess.  I've written like five hundred words already and I didn't even mention the root beer.  Yes, they have root beer.  THE GREATEST ROOT BEER I HAVE EVER INTRODUCED INTO MY DIGESTIVE TRACT.  And again with the superlatives.  I don't care.  I think I'm going to go back.  Right now.  You should too.See you there.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/5/2014,63,45,8,19,9>When my parents told me that they had to make a Monday noon reservation for this new restaurant a week in advance, I laughed. When we showed up and there was only one other party there, I smirked. When we sat down, and service began, I understood. This is not your typical Chinese restaurant. Yes, the rumors are true. You have to call in advance and make reservations. Yes, you should probably call two weeks in advance for a weekend reservation. WHY THE HOOPLA? Chef Jeff prepares everything fresh and to order. He is incredibly particular about the quality of his food, and will even go as far as refusing to let you order certain dishes for take-out if they do not carry-out/re-heat well. WHO THEY ARE: The smiley cute grandma that greets you is Chef Jeff's mother-in-law. The pretty lady who does everything from hosting to serving is Chef Jeff's wife. This is truly a family affair, and it's adorable. ORDERING IN ADVANCE: If you are familiar with Shanghainese/Chinese dishes, be sure to let them know what you would like in advance; he goes out to purchase the ingredients especially for the dishes you order. ASK QUESTIONS: If you are not too familiar with this cuisine, feel free to ask for traditional dishes/suggestions. They are very friendly and accommodating. DISHES THAT WERE POPULAR w/ my family: Stir Fry Rice CakesCrystal Baby ShrimpShanghainese Wonton SoupStir Fry Udon NoodlesSpicy Pickled Cabbage Shanghai StyleStir-Fry Chinese SproutsFresh Soy Milk with Fried Crullers (weekend breakfast)SO IS IT GOOD? YES. YES. YES. It tasted like true home-cooking, but with that intense flavor that comes from a strong restaurant wok and some mad kitchen skills. The quality of the ingredients was superb, and the portions are seriously GENEROUS for the prices. The dishes tend to be on the oilier and saltier side, so if you are sensitive to either, be sure to tell them to go light on them. If you are a vegetarian, they would be more than happy to accommodate you.I'm only docking a star for the complexity of the whole process (from reservations to ordering), although it kind of adds to the fun of the whole experience. At the end of it all, it makes you feel like you've discovered a hot new band that no one else knows about yet...if you're into that kind of thing. (You hipster, you.)
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,5/4/2014,63,147,5,11,9>I had a ton of fun at the vegetarian cooking class. It was the perfect size (8 people) and we made a big variety of dishes (which we enjoyed at the end of class AND got to take home in as many take-out containers as we wanted to fill). My only complaint is that there wasn't a ton of instruction. We were all assigned different tasks, given recipes and then left to get things done. The instructors were really kind, and helped whenever you had a question, there just wasn't a lot of "teaching" that was part of the class. That said, I would totally go back for another class, because it was a lot of fun, the facilities are great, and I came away with some tasty recipes that I probably wouldn't have tried otherwise.Our creations included: a spicy walnut hummus, a roasted butternut squash black rice salad (the favorite of several of the class participants), pumpkin gnocchi, a grilled veggie polenta lasagna, and a tart cherry crumble.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2013,5/3/2014,272,268,6,11,10>Brunch and all the fixins from 1-6 on Sundays.  Really really good Arabic/Chaldean food.  It is in a strip mall with a lot of Indian/Pakistani shops. The owner Adnan approached us ladies and welcomed us to his restaurant.  I thought that that was a touch of class.  Even though I secretly know he was hitting on us!!!!! Not....It is  buffet and has different types of salad, i.e., hummous, tabbouli, fattoush, diced cucumber salad and some sort of potato salad that was really yummy.  Then there was food as well.  Chicken Kabob, kafta, beef, stuffed grape leaves, okra soup, OMG so much food and not a big enough stomach!  Wish I could've tried everything, but alas could not.But, everything I did try was very tasty and was like a party in my mouth full of flavor!  Definitely would recommend this restauant and I will be back! Now that's a promise!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,5/2/2014,48,353,5,13,9>Walking into this store makes me feel like I'm back in Koreatown...until I walk out those sliding glass doors. This market is family owned and the couple are also so friendly and sweet. They have great options for dumplings, rice, seawee, kimchee, etc. They also make their own banchan (side dishes) and kimbap (Korean version of a california roll) and other tasties. Sometimes, they will even give you free snacks and also have a rewards card. I haven't used the card to get anything yet, but I'm sure I will one day. This is definitely the biggest korean market in Washtenaw County and possibly in Michigan. There was one place in Troy, but I think they've closed down. The prices for most of their groceries are comparable to other Korean markets but when it comes to quality of the produce, I would say GAM is the best. I just wish they had a bigger produce selection.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,5/1/2014,202,393,4,10,8>I wish it was socially acceptable to not shower/wash my hair...ever again!! Hahaha.Jeffery, from the salon, contacted me after my previous review and offered to correct the color. I'm glad he did, and I'm extra glad for second chances, bc I love my hair!!Emily worked on my color, and Heather washed it and gave me a blow out. Both ladies were super professional and completely skilled at what they do. I usually can't decide what color I want my hair, but Emily was able to figure it out. I really love my hair color!!And on top of it, Heather was great. She was so thorough when washing my hair and gave an amazing massage.. And she gave me the best blow out of my life. I've been pretty sick all week, but when I went to school on Friday, I was told that I looked "great"..bc of my hair! I'm attaching a photo for you to see. I didn't know my hair could look that good.Again, staff is super friendly and nice. If you're looking on yelp for a salon to get your hair done, you can just stop searching now and make an appt here!Now all I need to do rework my poor student budget to include regular visits Antonino's!! Ahh, it's tough being a girl. ;)
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,4/30/2014,13,89,4,11,7>Been coming here before they moved from there location across from where now the greektown casino hotel is currently located.The new location is much larger with more seating but same great workers and service.   If am eating in or taking out still get the same great taste. Love the fact that they cut the ham right off the bone and cook it on the grill. Have tried everything from omelets, breakfast sandwich, specials and my favorite patty melt with fries. Everything is cooked perfectly and in timely matter. Will always keep coming here as long as they are in business.If downtown stop by an give them a try but come early for only open til 3.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,4/28/2014,504,642,8,17,11>A visit here transforms even the mildest mannered of people, and self-confessed pastry passer-uppers (totally a syndrome), into Homer Simpson in the land of doooouuuuughnuuuuts.The Donut Cutter does doughnuts old school, baking delicious deep-fried rounds and displaying them on simple trays. Wide windows peer down onto row upon hypothetical row of fritters, kruellers, Boston creams, glazed and powdered jewels. Hypothetical, naturally, because rarely is a full selection available at any point past 6:30 AM. Commuters and local residents know when the shop opens and descend like magpies on a recently unearthed trove of shinies while the going is still good. The place look straight out of the movies, with its plain tables and walls adorned by fading newspaper cilppings and photographs circa 1999. And let that be a lesson to the uninitiated: the best confectionaries and patisseries rarely look polished and slick with chrome or glass. All focus lies on the holy round grails, the very best when still basking in their own heat. I have a special love for anything brushed with a bit of chocolate, spice or a dash of fruit. Nothing quite matches the apple fritters here, so far as I've found. They spice the heck out of the batter for flavour, and then unleash their wonderful, moist morsels on the world. Reject it at your peril.Staff is kind, sweet, and attentive. They ring up orders and fill boxes with impressive efficiency, and have a smile for everyone who comes in. Rarely do I feel so welcome as a complete stranger as I have here. All are welcome to the magical land of Donut Cutter.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,4/27/2014,97,104,4,12,8>I'm so happy this place opened. It's located in the back of Marcus Market liquor store on 3rd Street. You can get 3 tacos for $6 so naturally I tired 3 different types of tacos: pulled pork, carne asada, and barbacoa beef. Barbacoa beef was da' bomb!!! hey also offer vegetarian options and burritos. You can choose to dowse your tacos with several different sauces as well, ranging from sweet to spicy. Very tasty stuff and very affordable (the best thing ever). The cook/owner was super friendly. The coolest part is you can grab a drink from the liquor store, enjoy your drink there, eat your taco, and chill. Andddddd every Tuesday at Great Lakes Coffee Roasting Company they throw a party, Tacos, Turntables, Tequila Tuesdays from 6-11pm. Alley Taco provide the food. :)
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,4/26/2014,398,356,5,8,6>I almost feel like I should make another trip to Nancy's so that I have more to rave about, but loving Nancy is really simple. First off it's the definition of a dive. Do not coming here expecting anything more or you will be sorely dissapointed. The night I went they had this great cover band. The whole place was on the same page and just really digging it, having a good time. And the service was great. Nancy has to drink what all of the other dives have to drink. And she certainly looks how all of the other dives look. But there is just something that makes her such a special gal. Not sure exactly what, but she's top on my list.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,4/25/2014,28,96,2,10,6>Solid!  I was a little worried about the up-and-down reviews, but we ended up here after a stint at the Plum market.The decor is quite charming and not kitschy.There are a couple things that could be better: the draft beer selection is a little thin, although to be fair i suppose the large margarita menu makes up for that. Likewise, the starters are a little unimaginative- both the salad and the chili were kinda meh.Secondly, the house salsa is boring as all getout, and there is no hotter option.  That alone had me a little worried, until the food arrived.All in all, though, this place does Mexican standards very well- fresh, flavorful, and non greasy.  The prices are very reasonable, too- we fed three with alcohol and a shared dessert for under fifty bucks.The wait was a little long, giving a little too much opportunity to fill up on beer.  But the food was solid- the beef chimichangas were delicious.  Even the cold leftovers we ate later were tasty.  My husband had the pork verde, which he enjoyed.The menu was broad, so there are many things to try, and quite a few appetizers, making this a good choice of venue  if you have a crowd to feed. (They also provide several very large tables for groups)There are a few veggie options as well, including a yummy-looking potatos verde dish.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,4/24/2014,85,139,5,17,11>This place is so much fun!  The crowd is primarily over 30 which is great...being in my mid 30's I often feel like I'm too old to be at a lot of places because everyone else looks 21.  The music is 70's, 80's & 90's but mostly 70's & I could have used a little more 90's.  They played a 3 song block of "dance" music (Shiny Disco Balls, Daft Punk...etc.) which was awesome but it went right back to 70's.  They only played a few 90's songs later in the night & they were mostly the typical songs you would expect.  I really wanted to hear some "2 Hype" or "Supersonic" rather than the "Baby Got Back" & "Humpty Dance" that I hear everywhere I go & that was primarily the 90's music that was played.  The 70's & 80's music that was played was a nice mix of played out & less played & once the dance floor got busy it was packed all night long.  They show the videos during all the songs on big screens which was really great.There is very limited seating (the place is much smaller than I expected) which really stinks...we got here 20 minutes after they opened & all the seats were already taken.  We made a reservation for my birthday party but we still had to stand in line which was very disappointing...there should be 2 separate lines (that's kind of the point of a reservation).  They have a "Shag Room" which was full up with a private party so my party wasn't able to enjoy that either which was kind of a bummer.  Thankfully friends of ours who happened to be there had a table & we were able to put all of our stuff on it...there wasn't a coat check so we all had to stack our coats on a chair.  By midnight people were sitting on the steps to get a break for their aching feet....especially the older crowd (over 45) who seemed to start filtering out around that time as well.The drinks were reasonably priced...I paid $6 for a 7 & ginger which is very cheap for a club.  The service is much faster at the bar than with a waitress & the water is free at the bar...if you order a water from a waitress they bring you a bottle which I had to send back & go to the bar & get a cup of water.  I'm not going to pay $3 for a bottle of water to go with my $6 cocktail.  Finding a place to park here is the worst part...this area is jam packed with people & bars & the valet was already full at 9:00 so in the summer I wouldn't care but when it's cold out the last thing I want to do is walk 15 minutes from my car.  During the summer this place will be awesome because there seemed to be a lot of outdoor seating & the inside opens up to the outside via big garage doors but it was cold so we didn't get to enjoy that.  I'm definitely a fan, I will definitely be back & I just hope that someone else will let me sit at their table!!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,4/23/2014,74,376,4,13,10>They remodeled the old Burger King, and did an awesome job!  We tried some FUB takeout burgers last night.  I felt a little like I was cheating on Jaws...  Burgers were very tasty and so were the fries.  I had the southwest burger with corn and black bean salsa, chipotle mayo, avocado, lettuce, and tomato.  It was cooked to medium rare perfection just like I ordered.  I was impressed.  My husband had the mushroom burger and liked it a lot.  They offer veggie choices and gluten-free buns.This is the second location for this local Michigan chain (the first one is in Flint). It's a order at the counter, then have your food brought to your table deal.  I guess they're going to offer drive-thru soon, too.  Nice setup and great food.  Jaws is still our favorite, but FUB is a nice option in the neighborhood.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,4/22/2014,169,227,8,18,12>This was one of the best dinners I've had in a long time.  Seriously. They may be known for their creative meaty dishes, but there are a plethora of vegetarian options that will keep .  Vegetarians should go nuts for this spot. We had:- Brussels Sprouts (spicy, complex)- Mac and Cheese (better than Slow's, hands down... maybe one of the best in the city)- Multi-colored Cauliflower (with mint, and lots of lightly sweet savory happiness)- Winter Squash  (sweet, happy, complex, could eat all day)- Pie - Whiskey Sour- Peace in the Middle EastThey also have green beans and smoked potato salad on their menu -- good thing we didn't try them all.  Each dish is about $6 or $7, and comes in a fairly large bowl.  They're sharing sized, and adequately portioned.Every single element in our dinner stood on it's own.  The amazing depth, complexity, and flavor that came out of each of our dishes was noteworthy; however, it's completely unassuming and humble at the same time.  We rocked out to old school punk and sipped our cocktails.  Service was incredible, as well.  Stop in for dinner.  Seriously.  Hell, stop in for a piece of pie and a cocktail.  You can't go wrong.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2013,4/21/2014,2657,302,20,42,28>Fun food fact: City chicken is an entree consisting of cubes of meat (usually pork), which have been placed on a wooden skewer, shaped to look like a drumstick then fried or baked. Despite the name of the dish, city chicken almost never contains chicken. The first references to city chicken appeared in newspapers & cookbooks just prior to the Depression Era in cities such as Pittsburgh. It's no secret that Polish food doesn't boast the most fanciest of ingredients.  Making the best of what your kitchen pantry has to offer is key to a great Polish meal.  V & M does this very well.  As you enter what looks like a converted office building with a kitchen, vintage booths & pictures you may have seen hanging on the walls @ babcia & dziadzio's house, you are immediately greeted by the friendliest servers possible.  Drink orders are taken and that's when it happens.... you receive a basket, full of room temperature butter in foil packets & a present.  Yes, a present.  V & M takes the time to place each piece of their rye bread and place them into individual plastic zip lock baggies.  Take it from somebody in the industry, this is not cost effective.  The only reason I could come up with, is V & M really does think everyone of their guests are worth it.  The bread is so good, I think I may have ate a half of a loaf myself.  The rye bread is not made in house but it is sold exclusively to restaurants.  I had seen pics of the chicken noodle soup but thought it would be a crime to not try the chicken & dumpling soup.  The soup was plain and simple with some very tasty dumplings.  I saved just enough room for my Polish platter and luckily for me the food came out quick, before I had a chance to realize how full I was getting.  The platter had a piece of city chicken, mash potatoes & gravy, smoked kielbasa and some killer pan seared potato perogies & sour cream.  I sampled some of the stuffed cabbage my mom ordered & I must say, I enjoyed every bite that I tasted.  V & M offers decent prices combined with great food & even better service.  I cannot wait to bring some of the family here and see how they rate the Polish food here at V & M. "Polish food in its' purest form".  We will so be back!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,4/20/2014,86,70,3,7,6>It is even better than advertised. Ambience 5: I love the way this place is set up.  They have three different bar areas and they are each extremely unique.  We sat at the bourbon bar for most of the evening but we also checked out the upstairs, which I LOVED. It's really wide open and decorated with a feel of comfort.Food/drinks 5: the food is amazing. I had the cheese and more cheese sides.  The gloriously cheesey macaroni and the dangerously delicious cheesey potatoes.  The first bite of macaroni smashes your palate with a back hand of cheesy goodness, and the cheesy potatoes follow up with a bruce lee karate chop to your tantalizing taste buds. Once I rinsed it down with the nectar from the God's, hopslam, I decided to dig in for the main course.  I had the woodshop 101. It's a barbarians barbeque dream. The pulled pork was tender and juicy, the ribs were crispy and amazing, and the chicken, not to be out done, was succulently sensational. I would highly suggest you try this the first time you go. Service 10: it's the best service I have ever recieved! The bartender, Chris, who's a girl, was absolutely dynamite! She was super friendly and accommodating. I asked her to make me a bourbon drink and she did not disappoint.  It tasted like it was crafted by the hand of God himself. I don't remember what she called it but it felt like a butterfly was lightly brushing it's magnificent wings against my tongue. If you go, be sure to ask for her, she is AMAZING.Overall 5.73: the entire experience was memorable and amazing.  It turned into a full Sunday funday. I will definitely be returning!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,4/19/2014,281,82,7,16,13>Forget about all your fluffy breakfast joints like Mae's and Fly Trap, the best breakfast in Detroit is at Connie and Barbara's.... and since it is in the hood, I have to rejoice, because it seems to keep away the lines out the door.I have been coming here for about 5 years now and discovered C & B when I was repairing the streets and sidewalks in the neighborhood. What I can tell you is that their breakfast is all homemade and out of this world. The salmon croquettes are incredible....  I have never had a better salmon patty. They are fried and have a taste of their own here with celery and onion inside. The scrambled eggs are not your average scrambled eggs, they're creamy and fluffy.... add on some of their homemade hot sauce and it's Detroit heaven. The homemade hash browns with the onions and peppers.... excellent. Their sausages and ham are really good too.Try their Kool Aid that they make !
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,4/18/2014,38,46,3,13,10>My experience with TeaHaus was so great that it prompted me to create a yelp account so that I can give them 5 stars.  Their most notable quality is their service.  I can't think of another time when I had service that exceeded my expectations the way TeaHaus did.  I came with a friend for their Full English Tea, and essentially stayed all day to get some work/studying done.  We stayed so long that we had 3 servers -- all helpful and courteous even several hours into our stay.  The Full English Tea service comes with unlimited tea, and I was even a bit overwhelmed (in a pleasant way) by the rate at which they checked in on us to see if we wanted more tea.  Great job TeaHaus!I also thought their Full English Tea is well priced. It's a pre-set menu for $25.  We had a small cup of tomato soup, 4 finger sandwiches (brie with fig butter on baguette, salami with herb butter on baguette, chicken salad on baguette, and cucumber sandwich), 2 scones with jam and cream, and 3 desserts (macaroon, cookie, and chocolate truffle).  Everything was well balanced and tasty.  And as small and delicate all of the items were, my friend and I were stuffed at the end.  We were also well hydrated with their unlimited tea, and had tons of fun trying out the different flavors.  Not bad for $25!Not only do I plan on coming back, but I also plan on putting TeaHaus on the agenda whenever any out-of-towners come visit me in Ann Arbor.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2013,4/17/2014,1388,1056,10,24,18>We all have that person that kicks us up into party mode. For me it is my sister. When we go out together we drink and eat far too much, get loud and generally have a blast. The last sister's weekend was in Chicago and involved a spa and several restaurants with far too much alcohol. For example: we consumed three bottles of wine at The Purple Pig, oh and had shots with strangers to follow it up. Yeah I'm bad, she is worse and together we are freaking trouble.This year she came here to the metro Detroit area for a more modest adventure. We had just finished the mandatory mani/pedis and were in need of some fabu food and vino to ramp the vacation into the usual festive mode.Hmmmm. We entered to find a guy on the phone. He stayed on the phone for five more minutes so we perused the wine stock. Finally we got his actual attention, only to be told with a sniff that hello they do not open the restaurant part until 5 or 5:30 or some such but that he guessed we could take a seat in the market area. Mmmmhmmmm. Sadly he was also to be our server because it continued in that mode for the most part.He actually did a good job with the wine part. He was pushing glasses but we assured him it would be more like bottle(s) for us, letting him know we would likely not stop at one. We got a bargathon bottle of Cabernet Franc that was shockingly delicious and from Oregon of all places.We ordered a charcuterie and cheese combo platter, some truffle salted fries and of course asked for our freebie Yelp check in kielbasa. He brought us our fries right away and we got to drinking and noshing. No water was brought :(. We finished the small fries quite quickly and waited. And waited. And waited.Out came the charcuterie and cheese. I am not kidding. It was hands down THE BEST variety I have ever had. The terrine, the rillets- to die for. The speck was not as impressive but still quite good, it just paled in comparison to the other two. The cheeses were a great double cream, an excellent bleu and a nice nutty hard type wedge to round it out. What made this platter sing were the accompaniments. Lavender honey, bacon caramel, pickled veggies, marmalade, spiced nuts, dried fruits. OMG fabu mix and match. My fave being the terrine with marmalade and the bleu with the lavender honey. Mmmmmm. So freaking good.Then we waited and waited and waited. Other people were treated warmly, got what they needed. Us? Yeah we were bastards at the family reunion. Clearly. At some point the waiter whizzed by and we were clearly low on wine and out of bread and crackers for our platter. We asked for some attention and bread products as he ran by, on the way back he tossed us a teeny plate of crackers and skedaddled before we could say anything.We finished off and waited and waited and waited again. On the next pass, with an empty bottle and just two half filled glasses we asked for calamari to be added to the meal, we were getting ready to order more wine when off he went again. Wait. Wait. Wait. The calamari is dumped off by someone else and we beg for some water. Eat the calamari (which is superb). Then nada. Wait. Wait. Wait. I mean seriously it was getting ridiculous. Group decision to not get more wine but dammit I want that free kielbasa. My sister stalks to the bar area where he is holding court. Asks where the f is our kielbasa. The topper? He asks with a smirk if we STILL want that. Yeah douche, we do. No your ineptitude does not negate that I will get my freebie dammit.We get water and kielbasa. We end up taking the kielbasa to our dad because we are just done. Get packed up and as we are leaving I say something to the hostess because I know I am going to write a terrible review and I like this place, I do not WANT to write a terrible review. I should have five starred my first review as a matter of fact, I thought I had.In comes the boss as we are idling by the wine. We tell him our troubles. He takes us seriously. He is a peach, a charmer, a wonderful human being. He takes the hits and does not excuse them a bit. He offers free wine (which I cannot take) and a redo. At this point we are exhausted but we feel much better about things. We explain the plan had been multiple bottles of wine, way more food and closing down the place. I explain how much I love the place, how excited I was about taking my sister here (my hubby is not into wine or fine food) and how I am so sad about the results. This man (his name was Ron) saves our experience. We do not stay but I feel good that it is a one off and that I am safe to return.Verdict? Service was a one star. Food was a five. Management a five.Good management and good food is key. With anything less than the wonderful interaction we had with the manager I NEVER would have come here again. More restaurants could learn from this man. He is a true gem. I do recommend that all servers take note that my sister and I will tip big if you do your job.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,4/16/2014,41,75,4,10,8>I just came to see what other people were saying when I realized that I haven't even reviewed C849 yet.  I am so disappointed in myself.  This is my favorite Neapolitan style pizza ever!I can't recommend this place enough.  It's in a great area in downtown Plymouth, has a little patio outside, and if you're lucky enough to snag one of these seats, you are in for a treat!  Inside is just as great; it gives the feeling of a wine cave.  The wine choices are phenomenal... I don't think I've ever been disappointed with my wine selection here.  My bestie is in love with the frappe vino, which I'll admit is pretty awesome.  But, let's get to business.  The pizza.  OHHH the pizza!  I love Neapolitan style pizza, and I will come from Royal Oak to Plymouth to get this pizza.  I love the toppings... the last time I was here I had the roasted red pepper and chicken sausage pizza, and it was phenomenal.  Fiance also wanted a dessert pizza, so we had the Nutella pizza, and it was... Heaven.  I will get that again and again. I honestly can't recommend this place enough!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,4/15/2014,196,118,,9,6>I visited this restaurant in the spring and I left with a full stomach and a great feeling about this place. This was one of 2 locations at one time. The other being on Woodward in Detroit. It burned down in the early 90s. I never had the opportunity to visit that location. The restaurants ambience was good. Kind of romantic but lighting was brighter than some places I visited. We were seated at a table and were quickly acknowledged by the waiter. Actually it ended up being 3. We seriously felt special. This was a 4 course meal. I had an appetizer, salad, soup, entree and desert. The Filet was rememorable. Cooked just right(medium well) with zip sauce. The flavor and the seasoning were excellent. Overall this was one of the best dining experiences. The combination of a great, attentive wait staff and great food made this a great experience. I look forward to visiting again.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,4/14/2014,64,199,1,9,8>Let me say that I could sit here and type about the tasting menu in so many words that it might get boring, but it was such a great meal that I would have no problem doing just that. However, the menu changes weekly and me telling you about the specifics of the individual courses would possibly lessen your experience when you go, AND you should GO! For starters the reception staff called early in the day to confirm my reservation and ask if there were dietary restrictions. When we arrived they were prompt to seat us and hang our coats for us. Every course arrived with a server and the sommelier who gave wonderful descriptions of the wine pairing and the course of food that it would accompany. We chose the 5-course tasting, which actually amounts to 7-courses as there was an amuse bouche and a coffee/macaroon/digestif course at the end. If you are wavering between selecting the wine pairing, I would say it is worth it and it adds another level of enjoyment to the meal. Every single course was prepared with great detail that clearly shined through and made an exceptional meal. Every element on the beautiful serving bowls or plates was enjoyable on its own, but when everything was eaten together the vision of the chefs clearly was realized. The flavors were wonderfully balanced and simply perfect. Having previously lived in Los Angeles, it is very nice to have a restaurant such as Torino so close that does an amazing tasting menu for a very reasonable price. If you appreciate well-crafted, detailed meals and live anywhere in the Detroit region it is most certainly worth your time and money. In my opinion this establishment is only going up.
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,4/13/2014,29,146,,12,4>Swung in here to try a few bites at the bar recently and came away pretty darned impressed.Had the grilled calamari, interesting take since at 99% of the places around you'll have it breaded and dunked in hot oil then loaded with salt.  More restrained but technically sound.  Loved the tentacles that got charred on the grill.  Good mix of flavors.Next, tried the crudité spring roll.  I'm no vegan, but I could still eat this every day.  Just incredibly fresh and delicious.  Loved the addition of the varied herbs and the buttered "crouton" in the roll-up for some textural contrast.  The coconut curry sauce.....I could have dipped Tostitos in that and been happy.Grabbed the yogurt panna cotta for dessert which was one of the single best sweet things I've had in months.  Awesome.  Not sure about the as listed "blueberry compote" since they were just whole blueberries, but typo aside, great dessert.Smallish but well thought out beer list, very good wine list.  Cocktail list that could probably use a few more options.  Space inside was a bit sparse for my taste.  Cold and gray dominate outside the onyx topped bar.  Could have used some art or a splash of color to liven things up a bit.  Prices were on the higher end, but after tasting the food, probably fair.Still, aside from the décor, really no complaints.  Food, in the limited time I spent there, was some of the best I've ever had in Royal Oak.  Maybe the best.  I'll be back to dig deeper.  Good start.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,4/12/2014,52,83,2,7,6>This is my go-to Middle Eastern Restaurant and is well worth the drive from Ferndale. So why pass up fancier places in my neighborhood to go here? First, the food is always good. Even on a bad day, it is better than the places close by. Second, the prices can't be beat. My man and I order the half chicken combo with tabbouli and hummus (on separate plates bc you get more). Even if I ate meat this would be just  enough for the two of us, but because I don't he always leaves with left overs.... on an $11 meal for two. Is this real life?
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,4/11/2014,85,105,3,11,8>What do you get when you have to stay late for work then are slapped in the face with an hour + commute home because the roads are so bad?VERY LITTLE MOTIVATION TO MAKE DINNER.My husband and I whined about not making dinner and how very few places deliver besides pizza.We turned to our trusty YELP app and Joey's Famous Philly Cheesesteaks to the rescue!We placed our order:Me: The 76-er.  Steak, provolone, onions, and garlicky broccoli rabeHim: The Classic Cheesesteak with AmericanAnd we split a side of waffle fries- we couldn't help ourselves.In about 40 minutes (major props to the driver delivering our food especially the way the roads were) our dinner arrived.While the cheesesteaks weren't steaming hot (expected) they were delicious!I loved the 76-er the tender flavorful meat mixed with the broccoli rabe was delicious.I will agree with Liz W. in the provolone department, I like mine a little sharper. Still delicious none the less.My husband loved his cheesesteak as well.I think we will try to dine in as much as possible to devour the sandwiches while they are super hot- but delivery last night was amazing.Will definitely be returning!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2014,4/10/2014,214,174,6,10,8>I believe the best milestone birthday present you can get a women is a gift certificate for a great custom-fitted bra, so I was happy to find a place to get a gift certificate.  It's in a great location, bras are reasonably priced and owner, Lee and her staff are super easy to work with.Last time I was in there, Lee was telling me they have private "bra parties" available.  Get your girlfriends together and have a private party after the shop closes (typically 6 - 8 pm), bring in some beverages and munchies and you're good to go!  It actually sounded like a really great idea, so I booked a party.I had as many as 20 invited, about 12 were interested and available and 10 showed up (I only write that because I think that would be the norm - over invite for more fun)We were able to bring in embibements and food (bring everything you need, cups, napkins, plates, forks, ice).  They had an old school stereo that we were able to play our own playlist, which worked well.  One by one, each of my guests were fitted and then shown the bras, underwear and nighties that were available in their size.  I think for the most part, everyone bought something, although there was no pressure.  We needed the full 2 hours, mostly because some came late (altho I did think to encourage everyone to come as close to 6p as possible so I didn't have to have a stranger feeling me up with no friends around).  By the time everyone got settled, etc, we didn't really get going til about 6:30pmI was really surprised to know that quite a few of my friends had never had a professional bra fitting, and were previously just buying whatever seemed to fit.  They were seriously excited to find great bras at reasonable prices.Those of us with harder to find sizes had limited (but good) choices.  That's the real only downside, although they are always expanding their stock, they are limited in the more difficult sizes - but were able to order whatever was needed.The new medispa and Peacock Room stayed open for us til 7p, but by the time we all did our greetings and got set up, we really were happiest just staying together so didn't have the chance to take advantage of their generosity.We had a great time and were really taken care of.  I would definitely recommend it for a get together.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,4/9/2014,56,84,5,10,8>Awesome bloody marys in a BEAKER (hello science nerd who resides deep inside me) + Daft Punk = kickass night!Let me start off by saying I love the ambiance of this bar. While it's somewhat tiny (most of the space is dedicated to their vodka distillery), I love the gothic feel of this bar. It also didn't hurt that they were playing Daft Punk the entire night :)The drinks are delicious and you can't even taste the vodka in them! Valentine beat out Belvedere and Grey Goose in a tasting competition, and I have to say if I can't taste the vodka...it must be pretty damn good!This is a great place to hang out for after dinner drinks and just to talk. It's not too loud where you can't hear what your friends are saying, but not so quiet that it fails to be a fun place.My only gripe would be that the area to hang out is kind of small, but I think that's the vibe they are going for.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,4/8/2014,49,753,6,14,11>After hanging out Discount tire for over 97 minutes, I was more than hungry, not wanting to battle Rochester Road North at 6:40, Auburn Road made sense, especially with the PRIZE of Chads down the road.I called ahead and made sure they were open, the nice young man said "Of Course We are until 8pm!  . sweet!I apologized for not having a menu handy & told the young man what we both kind of desired, I basically said "Im hungry & tired & need a flamboyant salad for my wife & something hot with pastrami for me."He said how does a salmon salad sound?I said any grilled chicken salad would be far better.he highly recommended the Peninsula Salad For you sir how about the Truth[ yes Jack Nicholson came to mind lol ]Whats on it?Pastrami, bacon, Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and honey mustard on grilled rye.PERFECT!I arrived & the lot was packed & so was Chads. only 2 seats left!Walked in ..saw they were beyond slammed, 9 tickets on the grill ,plus all 4 tables filled & 4 at the counter.Moments later it was bagged & ready + a regular natural cut fry ::Peninsula Salad $8,49Grilled chicken breast, provolone cheese, romaine lettuce, granny smith apples, dried cherries served with our house made cherry vinaigrette dressing.The BRIDE LOVED IT, it was very flamboyant & the homemade cherry vinaigrette  was over the moon!My sandwich The TRUTH::Pastrami, bacon, Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion and honey mustard on grilled rye  was quite simply excellentChadds breads, meats house made sauces  just  amaze me!And the natural regular fries , were cooked to perfection & included a yummy dipping sauce that tasted like a homemade thousand island with horseradish!Chadds Bistro thank you for saving the night!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,4/7/2014,86,107,7,19,9>It is really a garage!  I love the theme Vinsetta Garage has going on.  I'm all about the automotive history in Detroit, so, this is right up my alley.  Their 3 A.M. burger is the Cadillac of burgers.  It is officially the best hamburger in metro Detroit since the demise of Chapman's Mill and their Red Eye burger.  This is one tasty burger.  Juicy, too.  In fact, all their burgers are juicy even when they are cooked well done.  The Sriracha mayo is delectable.  It appears to be made in house.  Even if you don't order the 3 A.M. burger, get some Sriracha mayo.  Trust me.The burgers aren't the only thing on the menu to get your motor running.  Every dish they offer sounds and looks amazing.  From mac and cheese to steak, they have it.  Just a glimpse of the Union Mac will cause you to drool.  So will the pizza.I appreciate that for $1.95, you can substitute any of their Sidecars (side dishes) for their house made chips.  I would opt for the Caesar salad.  It is solid and even comes with real anchovies.  Don't worry, they have a quinoa salad for those repulsed by anchovies.Vinsetta Garage's Grown-Up milkshakes will put Mrs. Mia Wallace's Five Dollar milkshake to shame.  However, after tasting one, you will quote Vincent Vega and say, "Goddamn, this is a pretty fricken' (it was actually a different F word) good milkshake!"A few notes:- Shop Towel Napkins:I love how Vinsetta Garage adheres to the repair shop theme down to the smallest detail.  However, these white towels are murder on dark colored cardigans and slacks.  Bring a lint roller if you're heading to the opera after dinner.  You've been warned.- Parking:I'm not keen on the parking situation at Vinsetta Garage.  Rumor has it that they have a small parking lot.  I don't know, I've never been able to get in it if they do.  Valet parking is an option.  However, not everyone wants their neighbor's kid wedging their pride and joy in a spot that they personally would walk a half mile in a blizzard to avoid.  Based on the amount of cars lined up on the adjacent residential streets, it appears that others agree.  I'm sure the neighbors just love it.  I would patronize Vinsetta's more if it weren't for the parking.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2013,4/6/2014,54,116,,9,6>Cool place.  Different.I don't get to Ann Arbor much - although I wish I did.  I saw this listed on Opentable and wanted to check it out.  I'm glad I did.  Upon walking in, I was a little frazzled because there was some sort of hostess stand outside and I wasn't greeted but kind of ushered in.  Once I got over that little blip in service, everything was smooth sailing.I tried a complicated looking drink.  A little strong, but I'd rather it be stronger than weak.  The "seeds" (or whatever they were) kept getting stuck in my straw.  For my meal I had caldo de bolas (soup) which I'd never had.  I liked it a lot.  I didn't understand the corn-cob in it. I like corn, but I didn't understand how to get it off the damn cob in the middle of my soup.  Maybe I'm not supposed to. lol  I didn't want to look like an ass so I just ate around it.  I'd order it again too... because it was good..still not knowing wtf to do with corn.For my meal, I ordered the sweet potato gnocchi.  DELICIOUS.  I will say that it was EXTREMELY hot.  I mean, I'd rather my food be really hot than cold... so I will choose that battle wisely and not complain... but it was VERY hot which made me mad as it was so good I wanted to scarf it down and couldn't without burning my tounge (which I kind of did).  I'm a gnocchi fan and a sweet potato fan... so I was excited to try this dish... and as I suspected - it was a great choice.  I thought about trying dessert but I was *so* full I passed.  I would recommend this place when coming back to the area.  There are a lot of things on the menu that peak my interest so I can see myself returning if I get to the area more.Tip: Not familiar with the area, I kind of wish parking info was listed on their site or at least once I make my reservation with Opentable (like some places do) as I found myself driving around a little clueless in a high pedestrian area.  There is a parking garage very close by but I didn't realize this until I walked past it on my way in.  It'd be nice if there was something that noted this since I don't believe they offer valet.
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,4/5/2014,50,136,,12,9>Definitely a "hidden gem" that plenty of Detroiters and suburbanites don't yet know about.  A former Grand Trunk Railroad line, you can access from the Riverwalk or park off of Gratiot (it doesn't look like a "parking lot" per se, but it's right near the entrance, and you won't be towed or anything like that.  It's definitely a great area for bike riding/jogging, and they have separate lanes for both.  Yes, it's a little short for a serious bike ride or run, but this past fall, they started construction to extend the greenway from Mack Ave to Gratiot, which should be awesome (and I think will allow access to Eastern Market).  If you haven't checked it out yet, rent a bike from Wheelhouse Detroit (located down on the riverfront) and spend an afternoon exploring.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,4/4/2014,96,224,10,14,11>Legit I'm going to just be a star whore.  What else can I say that others haven't?  If i ever choked to death I hope it's on the shawarma here.  I tried the chicken shawarma, beef/lamb shawarma, garlic, hummus, curly fries, and grape leaves.  Pass on the curly fries all day.  Everything else was truly revolutionary for me as until Bucharest I thought I had enjoyed amazing 'Middle Eastern'.  The grape leaves were huge, and the rice inside so flavorful.Whatever marinade they do on their chicken as they grille it is slightly lemony, and balanced perfectly to the cool crisp veggies and garlic paste inside. If you decide to eat in the attached Park Par which has an obvious business relationship with each other, the Bucharest runners do a great job.  Both food delivery and busing afterward was just right. I was amazed how great the food quality was, and the portion size.  I really wasn't expecting the food to be all that special for the price when I saw the big sandwich, but man they hit a bases loaded home run on this.
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,4/3/2014,250,197,,12,7>Anthony's had great reviews, and I trust my Yelpers.. so I HAD to try it when my most recent pizza craving struck. YELP DID NOT DISAPPOINT. They have a variety of crust options (deep dish, original, thin) - although the crust was probably the least remarkable part of the experience - it was good enough. The toppings and the service are what really make Anthony's Gourmet worth Yelpin' about. There are so many toppings to choose from that it took me awhile to decide. The staff was very accommodating of my special requests (of course I couldn't just order off of the standard menu). I ended up with a 'traditional round' pizza with eggplant, zucchini and sundried tomatoes AND a thin crust with chicken, roasted garlic, and asparagus. I asked for both with "light cheese" and only one seemed to come that way but both were delicious and both were absolutely COVERED in toppings. Toppings for days! With other pizza places I have been burned - paying $2-3 for 'garlic' that you can't find on the pizza, or 1-2 pieces of scattered eggplant (even when I asked for extra). NOT HERE. Oh, no. Anthony's gives you plenty of bang for your buck. Whole, large cloves of garlic, chunks of chicken and so many veggies you can't keep it all on your slice. I originally called the location downtown because they're closer, but it turns out they don't deliver until after 3:30. Luckily this location does, AND the driver came out in a snowstorm, came into my apartment building and all the way up to the third floor. Usually I have to trek outside to get my deliveries - this was service!Thanks, Anthony's, for the great experience. I will be dialing you again soon.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2014,4/2/2014,26,55,,11,6>Please don't let the simple storefront fool you, this place is a gem.  I decided to give them a try for Valentine's Day and I was pleasantly surprised. I preordered pastries based on looks alone and Yelp reviews.The caramel chocolate cheesecake pyramid was my favorite...it was rich, elegant and perfectly sweeten. I also enjoyed the chocolate tower and brûlée tart!  The owner was very nice and friendly. When I called and asked a few questions about the desserts he was very patient. The customer service was great. The store doesn't offer any frills or fancy decor but I really don't need that. The prices were a little high, but I appreciate having a nice pastry shop in the area so I won't complain. Yes, I will return and tell others. Please support this small business...I want YOYO desserts to be successful?
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2014,4/1/2014,137,360,12,12,8>I'd be eternally grateful if someone can tell me why I go to great lengths (or is it widths?) to eat copious amounts of food, stuffing myself past the point of no return, every time I go to an Indian restaurant. I could theorize that it has something to do with the food-intake-to-expansion ratio, or maybe there's something about the comfort of thick, creamy foods that bring out the glutton in me.Point being. I stuffed myself stupid here, and it wasn't just out of habit. The food was just very good. So much so that I did something out of the ordinary: I got desert, to go. The cheesecake, by the way, was very light and fluffy and sweet - it could've used a bit more of the cardamom it claimed to have but still good. The Chicken Momo appetizers are ridiculously flavorful and HALLELUJAH do NOT shy away from spice. So refreshing to feel some heat without having to specify it. The Malai Kofta? Equally amazing (I don't tend to like Indian sauces that have tomato in them but this creamy sweet concoction had me smitten).The Chicken Korma paled in comparison - quite flat in taste and subtle - no real tang of the yogurt. The meat was not very tender and a little dry. That said, it was still good! Just not great. This is enough for me to withhold the fifth star until I taste more of the menu. But did I mention there was no grease? No grease! In any of the meals. Even the naan was perfectly, lightly buttered. We (a party of 2) went in on a Friday night around 7 and waited 30 minutes to be seated. The hostess was seriously A-one. She was attentive, courteous, remembered our names (even though there were 8 parties waiting), constantly walking around to make sure tables were being cleared... loved her service. Professional. And that's how the wait staff was, too. Friendly, super efficient without any haste, and they made great recommendations. Water was always filled. Plates were cleared. Seamless. Whoever is hiring/training/managing here deserves a giant gold star.I like the ambiance - traditional US Indian restaurant meets hip contemporary. Everything feels subtle, without getting beat over the head with kitsch or fancy design. Sound is good in here - even with a full house, you can easily hear each other in conversation.Were this not on the North side (where I infrequently dare to tread), this would surely become a common dining place for me. Regardless, I'll definitely go out of my way every once in a while
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,3/31/2014,119,111,,9,7>I love Caribbean food so I got here as fast as I could.... Then I slowed down quite a bit as I ventured onto a residential street off of Michigan Ave in Southwest Detroit. Don't get nervous! The food is worth the sacrifice of posh neighborhoods and fancy decor. I tried the mufango con carne frita which was amazing! I tore my steak up into little bits and mixed it together with the perfectly paired mufango. The butter married the two and by the time it was in my mouth, there were honeymoon fireworks going on. Did I say amazing?My husband tried the Monday special- pork which was simmered with green peppers and onions. It was delicious! The meat was tender and the seasonings played well together. It was like a pork version of ropa vieja but it had to be the most tender pork I've had. Nestled next to that brilliant main dish was arroz con gandules. Flavorful and fluffy! The prices are amazing considering the quality and taste of the food!Don't let the neighborhood or building fool you: these people know what they are doing and have set a new bar for Caribbean cuisine. Check their Facebook page for daily specials and pictures of their dishes!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,3/30/2014,131,109,6,13,10>Today's treat was a Polish plate, a bowl of chicken noodle soup and the borscht. Man, was it good! We came after lunch so we had the place to ourselves,  but Maury was on tv and my daughter and I enjoyed a nice late lunch together.  The food is always piping got and fresh here and today was no exception.  My borscht was so good today; instead of being sugar-sweet beet juice like some places serve,  this soup has the perfect blend of sweet and savory.  The mixture of beet,  cabbage, white beans and green beans is outstanding.  I could have that soup several times a week and be a happy camper!  The Polish plate and chicken noodle soup were outstanding as always.   If I wasn't so busy with work,  I would be here a lot more often,  to the detriment of my waistline,  of course. But seriously, amazing meal today and I love that Ms. Agata knows my family and takes the time to talk with us.  And the borscht...definitely the borscht.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,3/29/2014,146,322,,7,5>Went for my first time a couple weeks ago and enjoyed it. The menu is really big, which is kind of overwhelming for a sports bar. (Not saying it's a bad thing. There's just a lot to choose from.) We went on a Saturday late afternoon and they had Labatt drafts on special for around $2, which was great.I ordered the pulled pork burger, which had the beef, a large onion ring and the pulled pork situated between the beef and the onion ring. It was large and delicious, albeit a little messy. I also liked that I could get a Caesar salad instead of french fries, and I give credit to all businesses/restaurants that allow customers to mix and match as they please at no extra cost. That is one thing that will bring me back.All in all, was pretty good. Some items are pretty overpriced (like the Chicken Caesar Salad), but others are pretty on point. The food is pretty good for a bar and I am curious how to the atmosphere is in the evenings. There are also A LOT of large Tv's for the sports crowd, which is cool. I'd like to come back.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,3/28/2014,54,139,5,8,6>Very authentic food. Our waitress was very kind and fast. Started off with some Pinot Grigio, and calamari. My bestie and I never went through a plate of calamari so fast before. Was absolutely delicious. We also had the bread and sauce and butter that they bring out to the table...my guilty pleasure, the bread was soo good. After the first glass of wine, we had our house salad that I ordered with the creamy Romano dressing, yummy. My friend didn't like her vinaigrette dressing. She told me in Arabic, "I feel like I'm eating lettuce only with no flavor." Haha, you didn't listen to mee!!!Then the entrees came, tutto di mare she didn't care for. She only liked the pasta lol! She said it was to fishy for her, always a complainer. As for me, I very much enjoyed my cannelloni. So rich, so surprising, so flavorful. Four fully stuffed pasta manacotti like, with ricotta and spinach. Baked in Alfredo sauce and marinara. It was very rich and very well stuffed. And I was only able to force two into my system. On to the dessert, we had the bread pudding that was amazing!!! The ice cream was unlike any other I've had. Our waitress was MIA after she gave us the dessert, so I couldn't ask her. It had the bread with caramel and raisins...so yummy. I could go back just for that, and to try the cannoli. Great restaurant, great people, lots of love.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,3/27/2014,102,49,7,13,8>I'm literally in the parking lot writing this review. I just can't wait!  My wish came true. I've searched high and low for a place that really focuses on your brows. It's such and important part of your face. I came in today for brow rehab. Christina took her time, explained what we needed to do today and what future visits would entail. Today's included reshaping, tinting, and waxing. I'm so pleased with the results and can't wait to go back for further refinement. Please visit this place. You won't be sorry.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2014,3/26/2014,52,55,5,9,8>A Hatch winner... An Ashliegh winner. Definitely a place to try out.. and go again and again.We went on a Wednesday night around 6:00 and from the sounds of things... this may be the best time to go. It wasn't packed and we actually had a choice of where we wanted to sit. Now at the end of the night was a different story. It was crowded and there were about 3 groups waiting anxiously for a seat. This had to be around 8:00-8:15, so words of advice: the earlier the better. Just sayinI absolutely adore small plates (get it? I said adorable because they're small). I literally feel like a giant eating them and I love ordering a mass amount of food and not looking like a total fat ass. Come on people.. this is what you do at small plates. Order AT LEAST 3 different dishes (3 for yourself) and share with the group. If you didn't learn the concept of sharing from grade school.. then stay away from establishments like this. I'm so happy I went with a best friend because we have no shame when it comes to looking like idiots in front of one another. If i can't pronounce something on the menu.. I literally start laughing and point to what I want like a caveman. I don't want to only order things that I can read off the menu. That's no fun. If I came here on a date to impress them.. I would totally practice my Spanish.The environment is really cute but tight. I don't think the size of the tables goes with my concept of ordering 40 small plates for 2 people. Unless you're at one of the bigger tables that are meant for larger groups, you're stuck sitting at a small intimate table wondering how all your food is going to fit. Make sure you look at the chalk sign above the bar to see daily specials. My friend and I ordered a lot of food which were all really really good. The House Sangria was amazing... the rosado was bleh. I think I was trying to get pink sparkling wine and that's not what it was. Don't get me wrong, it was good.. just not what I was expecting.We tried both cold tapas (tapas frias..see I'm practicing my Spanish for next time) and hot tapas (tapas calientes).Sabor De Espana (cured meats only) Came out with 3 cured meats and bread. Could have done without but the meat was good.Pan con jumaca y tostada de almogrote-jamos serrano, smashed tomato, garlic infused olive oil and cured goat cheese spread *ok funny story about this dish. We had no idea how to eat it. It came out with a 2 pieces of bread with the smashed tomato and the other 2 pieces of bread with the goat cheese spread and jamos serrano. I'm sure you're supposed to eat it separately but my friend and I put the the smashed tomato bread on top of the goat cheese bread and ate it like a sandwich. either way.. really good*Champinones en salsa verde-grilled portabella sauced with parsley lemon and garlic (good but not my favorite)mejillones-mussels in a white wine sauce (so damn good. I was soaking my bread in the sauce and that could have been my dinner.)calamares fritos-fried squid, lemon and Spanish alioli (really good!)gamabas al ajillo-seared shrimp, garlic and dried chilies (super good)solomillo-pork loin in a pedro ximenez sauce (GET THIS SHIT! I don't know what pedro ximenez sauce is but the sweet and savory of this dish was awesome!)We ordered creme brulee for dessert..eh. I'm not a huge dessert fan anyways so don't let me stop you from ordering.Good experience, would definitely go again but go early!!
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/25/2014,60,247,3,11,8>Upgrade alert: if my meal from Ike's tonight is an indicator, Ike's has kicked it into another gear.  My vegetarian moussaka was delicately prepared in a way I have not experienced before (love the crumb topping).  Along with it, I got vegetables - not rice, not fries, vegetables.  It was offered, not only available by special request.  The veggies - cauliflower, broccoli, carrots, zucchini and yellow squash - were cooked just right (not too much, not too little).  Most surprising was my salad.  They put the dressing on the side (a first) and included lots of diverse lettuces (also a first).I've had a long history with Ike's and this is the best I've had from them.  I'm penciling them in for more visits.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,3/24/2014,123,129,4,11,10>What a great place to lose my alcohol v-card! Our waiter, David was not only eye candy but super helpful in picking out the most girly of beers they had to offer tonight!I ended up with a flight consisting of: the ghetto blaster (least fav)  soft parade and  nectar of the hops (lovedddd that one) David was teasing me for almost falling asleep and getting glossy eyed after a couple sips which made things fun and playful. Beer is an acquired taste and though I don't think it's in the cards for me it was fun picking them off of their extensive list! Cool place to order your first legal drink! For starters, we had the poutaine and boy was that sucker delish! The cheese curds, gravy, and braised pork belly were amazing on it's own but of course OEB had to take it a step further by adding a poached egg to make it even more luscious  I ordered the po boy with both oyster and shrimp but next time I think I would stick to just shrimp. The oysters were pretty soggy but still tasted fine. I upgraded from fries to onion rings and they were great! It almost tasted like beer batter? Anyways those were amazing! Ask for a side of the garlic aioli to dip in!You can't go to OEB without getting the donut trio! We got the cinnamon sugar, maple bacon, and pb& siracha. The bacon and cinn sugar were my fav- the pb&s tasted like a Thai meal instead of a donut IMO.Love this place, I'd definitely come back and have david take care of us again!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,3/23/2014,58,54,3,9,4>Thank you to Yelp for helping me find this hidden gem.  I've passed by this tiny somewhat sad looking diner and never knew what awaited inside.  This tiny spot has about 10-12 high top/booths with about 16 seats around the counter.  My fiance and I grabbed a booth for dinner last Friday, after reading some great reviews.  I ordered the Steak au Poive and she got the Chicken Milano.  When the waitress said "Soup and Salad?" we got confused, not realizing that both came with the meal and she was asking what kind of soup and dressing we wanted.  I got the tomato bisque and she got the lemon rice.  Both were rich and creamy, probably because of the copious amounts of heavy cream I saw them putting into every dish.The salad was a standard green salad.The meals came out and were served with a side and we both chose broccoli. Both dishes transcended diner food. My steak was cooked perfectly and was soaking in a creamy burgundy sauce.  It was topped with a fruit chutney that really elevated the whole dish.  Her chicken was stick to your ribs hearty and covered with sauteed onions, mushrooms, and green peppers, smothered in tomato sauce. We both had to get boxes to go.  The food overall is very good and well beyond what you would expect from a "diner".  Is it "special event" good? No, it's just a "great meal at a great price" good. A great place for spending under $15 a person for dinner.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/4/2013,3/22/2014,148,80,6,21,12>EDIT 11/14/14: RIP Jefferson House, you are no longer the restaurant I once knew and loved! Since the opening of the Top of the Pontch, on the top floor of the same building, it seems that JH has stepped down from its "fancy" food throne and advocated to be more of a casual dining spot. Nachos, tator tots and burgers now dominate the menu instead of the creative appetizers and entrees that it consisted of before. Sad, but true. My only hope is that Top of the Pontch can now replace the hole left in my heart! ==================================================­========Having spend significant time in a certain blustery city out west, I used to think Detroit was the equivalent of a culinary wasteland. With the recent spat of new restaurant openings in the past few years, and dining at The Jefferson House this past week - that thought is no more! The Jefferson House combines the best of big city dining - the fact that it IS actually in the city (right across from Cobo Hall at the newly renovated Crown Plaza Hotel, to be exact), sophisticated and beautiful decor, great service, and absolutely creative and delicious food. Lushly upholstered chairs made dining in the elegant main dining room relaxing, and wood panel and skylit ceilings provided an unparelled ambiance. I had to smack myself a few times during our meal in reminder that I was truly in Detroit - I don't think I've been to another restaurant around the area that matches the understated "metropolitan" elegance of the Jefferson House. I will admit, however, that I was disappointed after a cursory glance at the menu. A whole section dedicated to steak-house style salads? Typical steak-house style entrees (steak. short ribs, chicken)?? Where was the asian-latin-French-eskimo fusion? I had half expected an eclectic menu, or maybe at least the obligatory new American pork belly dish. By the time our food arrived however, I had to eat my words. Or more specifically, dig into an weirdly giant sushi roll on steroids filled with braised short rib and deep fried in a light coating of zucchini batter. Our next course was a "salad" of shaved prosciutto, which was all prosciutto and none of the salad. I had never thought I could eat more than a few slices of prosciutto at one time, but on an angelically fluffy bed of mascarpone cheese and a light drizzle of truffled oil, apparently I can eat a lot. Having severely underestimated the culinary prowess of the chef, the bf and I had only ordered one entree to share, the pork tenderloin, but cooked to a tender perfection and coated with a crazy amazing mushroom chocolate sauce, it was more than enough. Everything that we tried sounded unassuming, even maybe a little tame on the menu. When the dishes arrived on our table, however, it was very obvious that the presentation, execution, and inventiveness of combining those humble ingredients  greatly surpassed any ordinary run-of-the-mill restaurant. The bf and I agreed that that part of the brilliance of The Jefferson House's menu, though, was the ability to do what is so essential for a Detroit restaurant; trick-the-old-people-and-business-men-into-­thinking-they're-getting-the-steakhouse-staples-­they're-used-to-but-at-the-same-time-appease-the-­young-foodie-crowd. If that was the intention, they nailed it head on. I should probably shorten this review, but I'm so excited about the fact that The Jefferson House is here, and the fact that they are coming out with a new Fall Menu in a few weeks for us to return and try, that I don't think any less can do it justice. Glad you're here, Jefferson House - I hope you're here to stay!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2013,3/21/2014,18,66,2,8,4>Full disclosure: I really have only been to two professional ball parks in my life, so I will say that I have very little with which to compare my experiences at Comerica.I have been to Comerica Park several times since I moved to the Detroit area, and have attended at least two baseball games a season in the last several years. I think that there are several things that are unavoidable for professional sports venues- the food and beer will be expensive, the seating will be tight, and the lines for the bathroom will be long.I am always surprised that their bathrooms are relatively clean. It seems that there is always a staff member in there cleaning the stalls and the sinks, and I almost wonder if they have housekeeping staff working around the clock during games.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/20/2014,151,367,3,14,8>I am loving this place!  The restaurant, El Guanaco, is brand spanking new -- right around the corner from its former grocery store home.  Serving up Salvadorian and Mexican amazingness in a basic surroundings, this place is a true gem.  The menu isn't super expansive but it boasts the main Salvadorian staples including pupusas, tamales and empanadas.  They also serve up mexican classics like tacos, but I typically stick with the Salvadorian favorites.  For me, its all about the pupusas and maybe a tamale -- I prefer both with chicken.  They also have this fantastic steak that they serve up either as part of a combo plate or as a dinner entrée.  Its marinated perfectly and mouthwatering good.  When ordering it as part of a dinner, it comes with fresh made thick tortillas, rice and sautéed onions.  No alcohol but treat yourself to an agua fresco or a hortchata, which is my go-to.  And to top it off, the people that work here are super nice and offer great service.  This place isn't exactly around the corner from me, but those cheap prices and tasty food make the trek more than worth it!
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2014,3/19/2014,386,264,3,21,8>The Canton Basement Burger Bar (BBB) just opened and when I read Kris's Yelp review we decided to try the Grand Opening Event. We arrived during Happy Hour and remembering the great Wings appetizers at the Farmington location we proceeded to order some appetizers on Happy Hour special. The Mac & Cheese bites were creamy on the inside and crunchy on the outside, perfect. The Nachos were pretty good with a good portion of chips and cheese with tomatoes, onions, jalapeno slices and black olives. The French Fries were served hot and delicious. We both ordered the three slider appetizer special, on a dinner type roll, and enjoyed them as much as our previous full size burgers. We washed them down with a couple of beers and a diet coke and really enjoyed our meal. One of the best parts of our visit was the Happy Hour Specials which brought our $38 total down to $16 after all discounts were applied.The greeter and the server were the friendliest employees I think we've ever met and even one of the owners went around and checked on your satisfaction. Everything was first rate. They had a little snafu on some of the beer selection, but it is a brand new bar and some things can be expected. The biggest problem I can see is the tiny parking lot and the amount eateries in the tiny strip mall.BBB of Canton is a very promising bar that I am rating 4 stars and I'll definitely be back...
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,3/18/2014,31,56,6,13,7>Imagine this:  jalapenos, stuffed with spicy tuna and cream cheese, coated in panko, deep fried, and served with a sweet sauce.  Yeah, I know.  Go ahead and wipe the drool from your chin.That's just one app, I've tried a number of sushi rolls here and they have all been tasty.  From a simple plain jane tuna roll, to the everything-but-the-kitchen-sink type rolls, everything is fresh, delicious, and presented beautifully.  My favorites are the Fuego roll (shrimp tempura, tuna, cucumber, crab, avocado, spicy sauces) and the Fab 5 roll (tuna and shrimp tempura in a cucumber wrap.)Service is excellent, the waitstaff and sushi chefs are incredibly friendly.  Don't pass on this one!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,3/17/2014,54,125,5,11,6>I discovered Wurst Bar on Yelp! The reviews looked great, so I decided to come here with the Bo on a Friday night. We checked their website to see the menu. Not only did their menu look awesome, but they also had a Friday drink special of $2 craft beers and ciders! I really like eating out in Ypsi because the parking is so much easier to find and of course the food is pretty damn good. After we got carded at the door, we seated ourselves and took in the really cool decor & atmosphere. The crowd was a mix of locals, yuppies, students, and creeper dudes (yes, they have their own category). Our waiter came to take our drink order after 5 minutes or so. He was really helpful and explained the flavors of each craft beer that was included in the $2 craft beer/ciders. We got 2 ciders to start. We were not too hungry, so we decided to split one of their unique bratwurst creations. The Spicy Rattlesnake Bratwurst on a pretzel roll: It was so flavorful and juicy! Great spices! The Bo did complain that he wished there was more rattlesnake in it than chorizo, but I liked it how it was. The mustard sauces really went well with the flavors of the bratwurst. Next time I want to get it on brioche bun, because the pretzel roll made the collective bratwurst too salty for my taste. Otherwise, I loved it!Tater tots: Seriously, how can you go wrong with tater tots?! Brings me back to being a kid, eating in the school cafeteria, but in a good nostalgic kind of way. Not to mention, they were hot, crispy on the outside, and soft on the inside. YUM! I just wish there was ketchup at the tables. After we finished our bratwurst, we got a blonde ale (I don't remember the name) that was apart of the special and I loved it! It seems like people love their burgers, and I will try this next along with the poutine tater tots!!!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2013,3/16/2014,128,145,,12,6>Vegetarian Soul Food - who would of thought?!?!?  Everytime I think of soul food, I think comfort food and a ton of calories. By adding the word vegetarian, it makes it sound healthy!  Lol.Although I wanted to try Beans & Corn Bread, my wife and I tried Southern Nosh as it has caught her eye a few times while driving by on her way to work.So, needless to say, we tried S.N.  Walking in, I was already impressed by the staffs prompt greeting and quick seating. The wait staff actually have a pulse and seem to really like the food they are serving.  We sat down and a few minutes later received a basket of cornbread.  It was nice, warm and fresh and tasted great. After reading previous reviews, after we demolished the 1st basket, I asked for another and they brought it right out!!For my main dish I ordered the Cajun Cutlet, side of pinto beans and a side of sweet potato fries.  Although the Cutlet was supposed to be "smothered" in Gumbo, it was pretty much non-existant. I would say maybe 2 tablespoons if that.  The cutlet and gumbo were really good, I just wish there was more gumbo.  The pinto beans were great and even better when I mixed a piece of cornbread it.  The side of sweet potato fries were awesome!!  My wife ordered the  BBQ style boneless breast. Her side was the Mac & Cheese and she also ordered a side of Cucumbers & Tomatoes.  She wasn't a fan of the boneless breast, but really like the Mac & cheese.  It was nice, thick and cheesy.  The cucumbers And tomatoes had Italian dressing (and maybe more spices, but don't think so...) on them and were very fresh. The waitress asked if we had room for dessert, and after replying not really, offered a complimentary brownie with a raspberry cream.  It was nice and warm and the raspberry added great flavor to this ready amazing brownie.  The wife and I both loved it.  My wife said to rate the place a 3 star because of the miss on the BBQ breast, but I couldn't do that. This place is to awesome to be rated that low.  If this was just a review on the service, it would be a 5.  From our first steps in the door, the staff pampered us, which was awesome.  Next time, my wife said she'll order a different dish, so that's why I chose a 4 star review. Just knowing she was still interested to come back told me all I needed to know - there "will" be a next time.  :-). The only drawback I had was the "smothered in gumbo" which next time I will ask them not to skimp on it!!!  Give this place a try...
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,3/15/2014,31,73,4,7,5>After conquering multiple bottles of Vino, a recommendation came to get some late night grub from Imperial.  Although Mexican food to me tastes the same no matter where I go, Imperial sets itself apart.  1.  Ambiance.  Open floor bench style seating encourages community dining and an eclectic eating experience.  Our group got a nice table in the open patio area.2.  Must get chips with the 3 types of salsa.  The mild diced tomato salsa was so good I slapped the person next to me.3.  Tacos are extremely small.  As you are ordering you may think the same as me...$2.50 for a taco!  Fantastic!  They are the size of your finger.Although small, each taco had excellent flavor.  I tried the featured Indian Spiced Quinoa with crispy chickpeas and spicy mint chutney.  Delicious.  I then tried the Al Pastor, Tinga De Pollo, and the Adobada De Pollo.  The Al Pastor came out on top.  Strong sauces, nicely flavored meat.  All in all, a great place to eat and drink!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,3/14/2014,48,224,3,8,6>My friend was on a mission for biscuits and gravy which brought up the suggestion for Mae's. As it was Sunday for brunch we waited for around 20 minutes. From reading the other reviews this seems pretty typical.My friend gave the biscuits and gravy a good, but not amazing, review. I had the challah french toast with eggs and bacon and enjoyed all of it. The fresh orange juice is amazing. They have breakfast booze options including bloody Marys and mimosas. I am not huge on bloody Marys, but theirs was very good. The only disappointment was the side order of home fries. Their version is small, cubed, red potatoes fried with garlic. Which sounds good, but the potatoes were still hard (not cooked enough) and the other all taste was off. The waitress was kind enough to take it back. The diner is small and decorated for the 50's Detroit, but not over done. Despite how busy the diner was the service was still good and the food came out quickly.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,3/13/2014,192,175,4,9,6>I was in Mudgie's for the first time in a long while this past weekend. I am not the biggest fan of the sandwich always, but I do enjoy customizing things. My partner in crime, Michelle M., and I made it just in time before there was a line basically out the door. Mudgie's makes a great sandwich and is totally cute and quaint, but equipped for a swarm of hungry twenty/thirty-somethings hungry for some lunching it is not--maybe it's part of the tactic in that people will get hungrier if they have to wait? They just have a tiny dining room.Michelle and I decided to split an Eggnog Milkshake which was made with Calder Dairy Eggnog Ice Cream as well as Calder Dairy Eggnog instead of milk! Oh yes, this was the mother of all Eggnog Milkshakes. One is also totally big enough to share. I also tasted the sweet potato eggnog soup but decided a full serving might be a bit much so instead I opted for a cup of cream of mushroom. The soup was really creamy, flavorful, and filled with fungus. For my main meal I decided on the following: a grilled sharp cheddar, dill havarti sandwich with pesto, spinach, marinated artichokes, roasted red peppers, and walnuts--you know, normal. Michelle had the Ivey which was almost like a huge salad on two slices of bread.I like Mudgie's. I really like Mudgie's when I don't have to wait to eat. Maybe it's because their dining room is bright orange which makes me feel at home? I would like to try their non-sandwich offerings sometime since they did have a pasta and a few other things. If you're in Detroit, Mudgie's is totally worth checking out and dining in--especially if you're a sucker for an amazing milkshake.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,3/12/2014,33,144,1,12,10>In my mind, I compared this to other Italian restaurants in Southeast Michigan when writing this review, but the style is different, so it's a tough comparison.I had been encouraged to visit here for years by friends, but never got around to it due to the slightly out-of-the-way location. This is Dearborn in name only - it's further from my place than many restaurants in Detroit.The bread was coated in a light brushing of butter, and was phenomenal, enhanced even more with a light dip in the provided olive oil. Our soups were both delicious: my vegetable beef might have been a bit on the salty side, but it was hearty and full of flavor, veggies, and beef. The chicken noodle soup my companion had was more subtle, but very fresh and delicious.The noodles were delicious and fresh, and the cooks avoid the common crime of overcooking the noodles to remove some of their subtle flavors. The meat sauce and tomato sauces were delicious. The meatballs were gargantuan and filled with flavor. I had the lasagna, and it's in the top two or three lasagnas I've ever tried anywhere in my life.The service was an absolute delight! Water refills at appropriate times, great suggestions on menu items for some newbies, and a really positive attitude. Even if the ambiance and food didn't already justify 5 stars (which they did), the service would push it over the edge. This is a landmark in Dearborn that everyone should try. Now I just need to justify a trip to Antonio's so I can have the enviable opportunity to compare the two. :)
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,3/11/2014,44,82,9,14,10>I love Dom's! No Sunday is complete without my sugar rush of creamed and sweetened coffee and those airy glazed yeast donuts. How can they be so bad for your waistline when they taste SO light?! Seriously, that's a real puzzler.  The Apple Fritters here are worth starting a new religion for: so magically delicious. They're big and very dense, meaning, densely coated in sugar glaze and with miracle pockets of apple filling. Oh and these fritters are the size of your face. I really do love them. Despite the fact that they have a 24 hour drive thru (yes!), I always like to go inside and see what they have, I'm a visual donut purchaser. They're always stocked with jelly donuts, glazed, chocolate, twists, cheese danishes, cinnamon rolls (oh my god, yes), long johns, and assorted cake donuts (not really my thing, but they've seasonal flavors like pumpkin if you're into it).They're cash only here, so bring your money. Oh, and their coffee is yummy. I think the cream and sugar cancel out the effects of the caffeine, but it's a desert in itself that's a good treat now and then (think Dunkin donuts coffee style with less caffeinated boost).
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,3/10/2014,169,223,4,11,8>I have lived out on the East side for close to a decade now and have driven past this place on numerous occasions, but it wasn't until fairly recent that I finally stopped in here. Stepping in through the doors my eyes instantly filled with tears of joy for I had just entered my Mecca. The place is huge and they offer pretty much anything you could imagine; most importantly a very wide selection of Michigan made beers. I would not classify myself as a beer snob, but more or less persnickety when it comes to my frosty beverage selections. I have been looking around town for Saugatuck's Neapolitan Milk Stout as it has recently become my favorite Stout and also one of my overall top five favorites and had little luck until I came here. Prices are very competitive too and below average from other places. Hopslam, if you can find it, tends to go for around $20 for a six-pack and they had it for $15 - key word here is had. The guy who runs the place said they couldn't keep it in stock and it would sell out within two hours of getting it in.The staff was super friendly and seemed very knowledgeable on the products they sold which was nice. The only odd thing I can write about this place is their decor. It is for the lack of a better term, out there. I would typically not expect feel like I am on a Safari when I go to buy alcohol, but to each their own I guess.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,3/9/2014,28,146,4,13,9>This is by far the most fun I've ever had at a furniture store! Or perhaps any retail store ever. My face hurt from smiling upon entering Leon & Lulu for the first time, because that grin never left my face until we were halfway home. What a great place! If you've read other reviews you'd already know that this place is an old roller rink, which is awesome. Skates draped everywhere, old signs from it's former life placed high on the walls so you don't forget the former glory, beautiful honey colored hardwood floors. Oh, and a member of the staff on roller skates! The old snack bar is still very functional, and they kindly offer free  popcorn, home baked cookies, water and coffee while you browse. As if this wasn't fantastic enough, the vibe is so relaxed. Don't you hate shopping for furniture only to be stalked by some commission hungry salesman?? Well, they don't do that here. Sure, the staff is accessible for questions and purchases. But they don't bug you. What a concept!!!! Someone will ask you if you need help, and if you tell them you are just looking, they tell you to have fun! Then they vanish! Wow!! Special thanks to Austin, who helped us on our last two visits here with our purchases. The first visit, we bought a super retro wall clock that we adored. And yesterday we bought a coffee table and console table that we had been obsessing over since our first visit. And Austin had them delivered the same day! Ok, the prices are not cheap. But neither is the quality of the furniture. This isn't Ikea, but I don't think the stuff is as pricey as a Crate & Barrel or Pottery Barn. And it's nice to support small businesses, especially when they are this fantastic! When our beloved tables were delivered, Leon & Lulu even sent us a gift bag! Who does that?! We now have two incredibly cute coffee mugs in addition to two tables in our living room that I'm actually excited for people to see. We will see you when we're ready to replace our dining room table! Love this place!!!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,3/8/2014,63,73,3,7,7>My purpose for this review is merely to sing the praises of the chorizo poutine, since my initial scan of prior reviews didn't see it mentioned.  Yes, the truck itself is pretty cool, the sausages are very good (if a little small), and the langos are great - particularly the merguez, according to some dining companions, though I've never tried it myself.  But all that's been mentioned before.So, the poutine.  In reality, it's nothing like standard canadian poutine, so don't judge it on those grounds.  It's creamy, a little spicy, with some pickled jalapenos, and the fries are perfectly crispy.  They taste double-fried in just the right way.  And the chorizo itself is stellar.The real secret, according the owners: "Um, we use tons of heavy cream.  And onions."  Whatever it is, it's addictive.Along those lines, the people who run the truck are really cool guys/gals, too.  They know their sausage, and they're willing to chat about it with pretty much anyone.  And they're willing to trek all over metro area to ply their trade, unlike many of the other local trucks that seem to pick a solitary spot and dominate it (and if you don't live nearby, you're out of luck).  So kudos to the Grindhouse guys for that.Overall, great truck.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,3/7/2014,219,1029,6,12,8>I asked my friend about places to go to in Dearborn and she recommended two places; one of them being Hamido's.I was so excited! After picking up my bf from the airport we went straight here. The entire time I was like we better be able to get in! We arrived and all of the 10 parking spaces were taken and with people waiting! WHOA! We parked in the parking lot next to this one and walked over. Turned out most people just order take out. I can see why. This place is a tiny hole in the wall. If you live close why not enjoy the food in the comforts of your own home. I don't love close so we ate here. They were at half dine-in capacity. Old style. Decor is not their strong point. We requested water and was given a bottle of water. Nice! $1/bottleLike everyone mentioned, they give you so much food and for such a reasonable price! We ordered 6 Falafels and each got an entree. We were able to finish the falafels but not our entrees. Not even closed. It looked like I didn't even make a dent in mine. HAHAHAHA. The left overs were enough to feed us the next day! I asked for garlic sauce and the waitress gave me two! OMG! I am in love. I took it home and ate it with everything for the next two days. Please ignore my garlic breath. =DThe waitress was nice too! Overall, it was a great experience!
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2013,3/6/2014,206,296,4,10,7>I don't think this market in a strip mall a little away from the other major Asian plaza gets enough credit. Compared to Fuji, H-Mart, etc, this has a larger selection of Cantonese produce. The prices are relativity similar, but the quality is better. For a small market, it has a tone of stuff (dumplings, bao, live fish, spices, etc.) It even has a bunch of Asian medicine (woodlock oil, Japanese icy/hot pads, etc.) at very reasonable prices. And if they don't have something you are looking for, they have a southfield market location. The owner was nice to me, and called over to see if they had the woodlock oil I was looking for since they sold out. All and all, it's a decent size market, reasonable prices, nice people, and it's clean for an Asian market standard.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,3/5/2014,37,119,6,12,8>This restaurant was recommended by a friend who is an excellent middle-eastern cook. I knew that if she said the food was good that it had to be "really" good. We drove by to check it out. We figured if it looked like it was "carry-out" only we would just turn the car around and go somewhere else. The restaurant is near 10 Mile and Hoover in Warren, MI. (Next to Arby's just west of Hoover on the South side of the street). We saw that there were some tables and chairs, so we went in for lunch. It's small with just two tables that sit four and three tables that sit two each plus a few chairs at the counter. They really seem to do a thriving carry-out business and several customers came in to pick up their orders while we were there.  We both ordered a sandwich combo which included salad and rice or fries. We were not disappointed. The food was delicious and we definately will be going back there again. The server, Najwa, was friendly and attentive. Her husband is the cook and I think their new restaurant will be very successful. Prices were very reasonable with specials listed on the board. They serve Cadillac coffee which I know from past experience is one of the best, plus they offer soft drinks, fresh brewed ice tea, hot cocoa, and smoothies. They cater all special occasions and events. If you are in the area make sure you try this place. We loved it.
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,3/4/2014,71,306,9,11,11>Like Juston M., I too have passed Dutch Girl Donuts a million times and just chalked it up to being just another donut shop.  However, my brothers and sisters on Yelp have helped me see the error of my ways.My wife and I were craving a late night sweet.  Should we go to McD's and get milkshakes?  Hell no!  I made a motion for Dutch Girl Donuts and the motion was seconded.  The motion carried and off I went at 12:15 at night because five days a week, they are open 24/7.  Shorter hours on Saturday and closed Sunday.Hurray!  A donut shop that actually makes their own donuts and are made right in front of you.  No conveyor belts and no digital machinery just people hard at work, individually flipping donuts over in the grease by hand.  Old school.  They typically make smaller batches to ensure freshness.  And fresh they are.  The yeast donuts (similar to a crispy creme) were soft and chewy as the friendly young lady who helped me pulled them right from the glazing rack.  I also tried some of the donut sticks which are cake donuts.  Moist, soft and not too dense.  They had both yellow cake and chocolate cake options with several flavored glazes.I opted for a dozen ($7.00) mixed that included the cinnamon rolls, raisin buns, classic glazed, double chocolate sticks, raspberry filled jellies and the yellow cake with chocolate frosting.  Donuts are on the smaller size but they like to refer to them as being "more manageable."  My donut management last night was just fine.  I'll be back again to try the dozen other varieties they had.66 years in business.  Service was friendly and wonderful.  Bring some cash because they DO NOT take cards.Enjoy this this little Detroit treasure.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2013,3/3/2014,515,128,5,19,11>Im going to assume you know how I feel about bartenders ... Lol. I consider them the main attraction. The gentlemen at Sugar House are way up there on my list. I do not find them pretentious (a word people use way too freely on this site) or rude. I love watching them make cocktails, I don't mind if it takes five minutes or twenty. I like that it's dimly lit and as of a few weeks ago, filled with soft, glittering white Christmas lights. I love the vintage vibe and the fresh herbal aromas. I love exploring the menu and hope I never exhaust it's possibilities (not going to happen). I don't think this is the place for everyone, but if you can accept that it's a unique drinking experience free from jäger bombs, lemon drops and anything from DeKuyper- you should be just fine. If you're new, tell them what flavor profiles or spirits you enjoy and they will be more than happy to help you choose something that will rock your world. As far as Aaron at the door- give the guy a break. It's not his bar and he was hired to play a role. He's always been there and he does what the owner wants or he would be replaced.  I recommend the Gin Branch for those who love ginger and the Fool's Gold if you are a bourbon fan.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,3/2/2014,56,309,3,9,6>Hill.  You never cease to disappoint.  Since my High School Graduation where I stole an honor society cord to get in the front of the line, to yesterday, you are still beautiful, well lit, comfy, and full of great entertainment. Every seat is a good seat, even the cheap ones.  But spring for main floor, so you can really experience the beauty of the ceiling towering overhead.   Be on time, because they don't interrupt performances.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,3/1/2014,172,126,,12,8>Great food at a great price! At 6.95 for a pizza, this is a pretty good deal. We came in on a Saturday for lunch and it wasn't too busy. The girls making the pizza were very friendly and walked us through the menu. I love how you can start with the specialties and if you see something else you like, just tell them to add it.I started out with the vege out pizza. Along the row of toppings, italian sausage and roasted red peppers caught my eye. I have to say, I was quite happy with my creation! My friend who isnt a vege fan picked off a piece of the sausage and love it too.They have a big array of toppings ranging from the basic pepperoni to roasted garlic and sauteed onions. The pizza was good and a nice portion size, I had half and had half to take home. Crust was crispy and chewy.Overall, great additional to the RO scene and I can already imagine the craziness that this place would be at 2 a.m. in the morning!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,2/28/2014,57,45,8,14,11>Where is this place? No where near anything. It's decor reminds me of someone's mid-70's basement. Who cares?! Right? It's all about the SLIDER.Lip-smackin', innovative combinations of beef happiness. Since I LOVE peanut butter, The Korean (kimchee, peanut butter and beef patty) is pretty freakin' fantastic. How can you go wrong with $2-3 sliders?! Not to mention- the TRUFFLE FRIES ARE KILLER! Can you say POUTINE without drooling on yourself? Try it. Ya can't. Always great service even though it CAN GET NOISY AND CROWDED. Plenty of drink options to sip while you wait from the bar.Mystery meat specials are the bomb. Elk, Buffalo. Anyone? They also have vegan/veg options.Make a list and check 'em off one by one. Now GO! Get in your car and drive. It's so worth it. ((my mouth is watering..napkin?!))
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,2/27/2014,80,42,4,9,9>This is by far the best Italian food this side of Italy. I came here tonight with my wife and kids. We were greeted as soon as we walked In and seated right away.  Our waitress who waited on us today always treats us like family. I had my usual chicken florentine  and my wife had chicken and broccoli. Both came out perfect. My little guy had the ribs. I tried a bite maybe even 2 it was tender and cooked perfectly. Junior had fried chicken. It came with soup and salad. I had the blue cheese dressing which I'm told the make in house. It was awesome. Oh and how could I forget the bread sticks?! They are the best around. After we finished our server told us they wanted to buy Us dessert. If you haven't had some of paulies cheesecake then you must go just to try that itself. I Got engaged here in there banquet hall back in September of 2000 and I have been hooked ever since.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2013,2/26/2014,267,274,6,14,12>I sort of have a public house obsession. I might have told them that I want to move in. I love it here. I love the food. I love the drinks. I love the design. I just really love it. I have never had a bad experience here. Every time my server has been fabulous and the food has been great. Things you MUST order: potato chips (I could probably order like 2-3 of these each time we come), hush puppies (ham+maple butter??? omg so good), deviled eggs (just do it), philly cheese steak (with the pimento cheese. YUM), pbr braised brisket...I mean the list just goes on and on. Everything is great and since they are smaller sliders you should definitely just order most of the menu.The drinks are fab as well. I have a personal connection with the Mavis. Just order it already.  They recently started serving brunch that consists mostly of hash's and I cannot wait to check it out!. Great. Now I am drooling. Better go stop by Public House for a napkin...and I guess some sliders while I am at it!
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,2/25/2014,30,53,7,9,8>How am I just now finding Bulk Food Marketplace?I ran out of cinnamon chips and was looking for places to purchase them (other than the internet) when my husband suggested this business to me. Sure enough, they had them, along with so many other common dry goods that I had NO idea you could purchase in bulk: Frosted Flakes! Hot Cocoa mix, currently on sale! Combos, the tubular shaped snack food!I wanted to forgo any dry good with packaging. I wanted to run to the other patrons quietly shopping and shake them, "Are you as blown away as I am? What have we been DOING with our lives?!" I wanted to travel to the past; not to have some grand historical impact... No, I wanted to tell myself about this business.Baking, spices, rice and other grains, tea, candy, snacks, pie filling, COOKIES... I was amazed at the selection of bulk items. They have a number of general grocery items as well. I'm going to buy another set of storage containers.Save yourself some money, support a local small business, and make less of an impact on the environment by using less packaging. Shop at Bulk Food Marketplace, before you head over to your regular grocery store. They might have everything you need!
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,2/23/2014,60,131,2,11,9>The hands down best beer at a Micro-brew you will find in the area, period.I've tried, Lord i've tried to find any other place that can match the amazing craft that these fine folks put together in this little tavern ensconced in a strip mall off the E-way next to a car repair shop.  I just can't find better beer, and there are sooooooooooo many that there are a few I still haven't tried.  Mind you, i've been coming here for a decade, only venturing out to sample what the others are up to and even though there are some hits out there, the misses outweigh them.  But in the DragonMead, if you like a red, you'll like their red.  You like a porter, have at it.  Belgian style?  All the way to 8 mile.There is no real food here, except on St Patrick's Day, then there is hella food here.  Lazy Bones BBQ does a thing here on Tuesday, so if you want to eat when you come here, do it then.  BTW, you can just call Lazy Bones or wherever else you like and they will bring food to you so you can eat at the bar, they don't mind.  How cool is that?If you like to talk about beer, this is the place.  If you like to drink beer, this is the place.  If you want to act like you're at a regular bar, this is not, perhaps, your place.Did I mention they have cork dart boards?  Suit's of armor?  Stained glass windows?Come in and enjoy!
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,2/22/2014,67,331,7,11,10>telway is so freaking good. four burgers for 2.25 and they are great. they got that cheap fatty beef that sizzles a ton when you cook it and they put it on the the buns that you get eight in a pack at the grocery store. delicious. the cheese melts right on there and i got mine without onions, but even those smelled pretty good coming off the grill. the patty is a little smaller than the bun so maybe you have to pick some off. whatever though, you can really only eat three anyway, even though you have to get four because it's cheaper haha.the coffee is more than you could hope for for forty-five cents (dining in). their fries are standard and dirt cheap. dining in is fun if you can find room, because of the constant activity here with people showing up at the window nonstop. the people who work here are nice but busy, so it's probably good if you know what you're doing and what you want. can't wait to come back.also, i got a doughnut. yum.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,2/21/2014,183,277,7,19,15>Oh my. Oh my. Oh my. First of all, total props to the mom and pop doing all the work, and tonight, to the pops for doing most of the work until mom walked in around 9! Pop was cooking the food, getting us water, busing the tables, everything, he was doing all by his lonesome. I understand they've only been open like a week and it's hard to get into the rhythm of things, and considering all that I do not feel I had a subpar experience. So anyways, we ordered the 8 piece (4 wings, 4 drums). It is expected of most chicken places, but after being used to Seoul Street's (the Ann Arbor counterpart) uniform size it was a bit of a surprise. Nevertheless, the chicken was cooked well and the sauces were yummy. The soy garlic could have used a bit more of a punch but other than that the chicken was delicious, moist, and totally enhanced by the pickled radish. PEOPLE OF ALL AGES, GENDERS, AND TASTES... you know how there are some foods that are paired with another food and it just... goes? It enhances the flavors of the other and just makes it all meld together deliciously? Like a great wine with a juicy steak? Or whatever analogy works for you, fit it in here __________________________. Korean style fried chicken is MEANT TO be eaten with the pickled white radish. A bite of chicken and a piece of radish. I'm salivating as I type. 10 star dish.The only place that has come comparable to this kind of chicken for me has been Sushi 1 in Novi. Now the name doesn't scream chicken, but their chicken wings, sauced with a sweet and spicy sauce, are divine! If only it was served with pickled radish. OK. The Budae Jjigae, dubbed the "Korean Army Base Stew" as that is literally the name of it, if you want a history lesson, Wiki might have it. Loaded with spam and sausage, easily one of my favorite stews ever. It could have used another hour on the burner with the meats, but considering that it's not a budae jjigae specializing place, it tasted excellent. I would order it again. 5 star dish.We also had the gim-mari, which is korean vermicelli noodles with some vegetables (carrots) wrapped in seaweed and deep fried in a light batter. Priced a little steep at $1.50 for a finger sized piece, but delicious, especially with ddeokbokki. 4 star dish. Oh the Ddeokbokki, I noted in the pictures but the shindang ddeokbokki is not with black bean sauce, it's with hot pepper paste sauce. The rice cake was cooked to perfection, a little too much onion, a little too little noodles, and the noodles could have been cooked in the sauce longer, but it wasn't too salty. 3 star dish.One disappointment was that they were not able to make the kimchi lasagne. I'll try it next time. Overall, this establishment is a great addition to the Metro Detroit area. It is new and there are still some kinks to work out, but they've got a lot going for them. If it were a bit closer, I would be more of a regular. This kind of food is really cheap in Korea and it's a disappointment that I have to pay so much for it here, but it's totally worth it.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,2/20/2014,198,632,3,12,9>I enjoyed the rare beef Pho, the soft Summer rolls, and Ken's order of Lemongrass Chicken with that addictive sweet garlic sauce.  Their iced coffee makes your eyelids snap open (and stay open).The owner was so personable, so proud of his restaurant and food.  I love that he was present and at each table, Vietnamese or not.  Each time I've been there, he's there.Clean restaurant.  Delicious food.  Sufficient parking.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2013,2/19/2014,45,104,3,9,6>I have eaten here enough times now to say with certainty this is the best Thai food around. I just had the most delicious Drunken Noodles with squid and Tom Yum with chicken I have ever had anywhere. I get something different every time I eat here and have never had a bad meal. The service is always excellent and the atmosphere is very enjoyable as well. I highly recommend this restaurant and can almost guarantee if you are a fan of Thai food you will not be disappointed. But beware...they take spicy seriously here! If you say spicy you'd better mean it so order accordingly. I generally order mine medium and that is perfect for me. Sushi is good too!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,2/18/2014,190,319,3,10,9>Who would have thought that a gas station would have such good food? Well it's possible and Las Cazuelas Grill is it. I tried them because of Brian S.'s review and go back because of the flavor. The staff all speaks fluent Spanish and English. The food is prepared in front of you and the tacos are plentiful. My favorite:Cazuelas salad: not for 1 person alone (unless you are super starving). They take a flour tortilla shell and drop it in a deep fryer to cook it in the shape of a bowl. Sounds bad for you? It probably is, but it was good. You pile on lettuce, tomatoes, guac (if you like it), sour cream, and your choice of meat. I went with grilled steak. My eyes were bigger than my stomach and I finished the entire bowl. I also ended up in a sleep comatose from being so full. It is more of something to share. Light, crispy, and full of flavor.They offer call ahead takeout, ice cream, and smoothies too. I like this little known spot.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,2/17/2014,413,81,1,16,11>We ended up here by chance, although I have had the Rattlesnake club on my radar for quite sometime for one reason or another I have just never made it. Our original plan was to grab a bite at Slows before heading over to V Nightclub at MGM for my GF's extended B-day celebration. We arrived at Slows and it was 1 1/2 hr wait, and nice as my GF looked I figure it was a good time to up our game and head somewhere nice. I Tried Roast, 2 hrs to get in, Coach Insignia immediate seating then Rattle Snake club, they were able to seat us immediately also. They stated the kitchen closes at 9:30 PM We arrived about 8:30 and were seated right away, the staff was extremely friendly, professional and catered to our needs. They let us pick a nice out of the way romantic table, the place was only about 25% full, which surprised me for a Sat night with the auto show in town. I'm guessing this isn't the case during the summer with a riverside location. The décor inside was pleasing and the staff went out of their way to take a few pics of us.I ordered the New York strip which came out a little under cooked, it was very good. They did forget to bring me a steak knife, other than that I was very happy with the service. The GF ordered the Whole Wheat pasta, which was tasty as well, we pretty much shared entries.  She was happy with her meal as well.I can't wait to dine on the patio overlooking the river this summer, they were very close to getting 5 stars from me. At this price point things need to be a little better.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2014,2/16/2014,23,185,5,10,8>It's been a while since I was here and the improvements were quite evident.  I've enjoyed coming here mostly for the atmosphere, although the beer was not terrible.  Not great, but not terrible.The atmosphere is still nice and laid back, but the beer has improved.  I had a nice lower ABV pale ale, that had an excellent finish.  They don't have a bunch of in house brews, but offer a good selection of other craft beer.  They also have real food now!  My SO laments the loss of the popcorn machine, which she feels should be part of any classy joint.Service was nice and quick.  Prices were very much in line with other similar establishments.  If I'm in the area, I'll stop in as I always do.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,2/15/2014,107,357,,11,11>Jake and I decided to visit the Motown museum on a whim. What a great decision we made :)First off, parking in the lot to the right of the building is a no-no. That lot is for funeral attendees only. We had to move our car to the street in front of the museum.Admission was $10 apiece (payable by cash or credit) and we were told to jump on the elevator to start the tour. We walked in to an already-started tour but were welcomed anyway. Our tour guide was Jordan, a 19-year-old guy who talks fast and loves Motown.Jordan gave us tons of facts about the house we were standing in, along with a few sing- and clap-alongs to drive the points home. Jordan stopped for a few minutes to point out Michael Jackson's famous beaded white glove. It was presented to the museum along with $125,000 check by Michael himself. Cool stuff! We were afforded a few minutes to look at the facts and pictures on the walls then we were escorted downstairs for more history. Our tour ended in Studio A, the infamous garage studio where every prominent Motown artist recorded. We got to sing and dance to a few notes of My Girl, too. Everyone on the tour seemed to have fun, and we have a great tour guide to thank for that. Overall, the tour lasted a half hour or more. Upon leaving, Jake and I heard a movie playing so we popped in to watch it. Apparently this is where the tour STARTS but because we got there "late" we missed it. We just sat and watched it with the next group and checked out the gift shop as their tour went on. The Motown museum is a must-visit for anyone who grew up in Detroit. I loved the tour, the facts, the photos, everything. I want to go back again to experience more tour guides and see what different facts they have to tell!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,2/14/2014,140,104,8,12,6>WOW. My mind has been blown. Why, you ask?#1) Potato CurryPotato CurryPotato CurryPotato CurryPotato Curry#2) Pad Thai Curry#3) Sweet & Spicy ChickenUpon discovery a couple months ago, I smacked myself backside the head for not having tried these jewels of the No Thai since its conception. I realize I've made a horrible mistake of living my life sans Potato Curry. I look back and I see a big gaping Potato Curry hole in what I call my life.If this doesn't make you want to try the Potato Curry, I don't care, because more for me. And if you can handle spice, get it spicy. It'll knock you up with deliciousness.Basically, No Thai has been one of those restaurants that has been in my peripheral vision for the past several years. Very seldom would I go here if I felt like Thai food.  And if I did, I ordered the basic Pad Thai and would feel satisfied enough, but never quite all the way. Thus, I conclude-- screw Pad Thai. Pretty much anywhere. Pad Thai = General Tso. I know this shows how much I'm lagging in my American Thai arena, but I'm climbing out of it. Basically, I have been thoroughly impressed with what No Thai produces everytime I have eaten here in the last 2 months. Which is probably like twice a week. I unfortunately foresee Potato Curry being a staple in my regular diet. This is my New Year's resolution.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,2/13/2014,101,117,,8,7>When I was a kid we used to have the milk delivered to our house. Who could forget the icy cold glass jugs of deliciousness. mmmmm just thinking of it makes my mouth water.  That thick rich layer of cream at the top, the supreme chocolateness to die for.. The ice cream, an even better treat. The coconut ice cream is divine.  The nostalgia , the cream , the sugar!!! This creamery is a must try in the downriver area. whohoo!
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2014,2/11/2014,9,71,9,15,7>Drag Queen Bingo???  A group of us took my aunt there to celebrate her 80th birthday.  I went in having no idea what to expect... two hours later I found myself standing out on Washington, still laughing, thinking what the hell just happened???  It was fabulous!Our hostess was Sabin, who bills herself as the angry drag queen.  She did not disappoint!  She was quite angry. Do not attend if you are thin skinned, have no sense of humor, are easily offended, etc.  This is Raunchy!  Nothing is off limits.   You'll hear the C word, the D word, the F word.. and all the other words.  Lots of words!!Sabin, thank you for making it a great night out for Marge!  She loved you!
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,2/10/2014,96,107,,13,11>Ask me if I want to go to Megha's and my answer will be YES PLEASE.So far I've only been twice, lunch buffet each time.  Once with a group of fellow Yelpers (first time for all of us) and another time to reinforce it was as good as I thought it was, prior to reviewing.  Not only was my second visit as good as my first, the buffet contained probably 60%-70% NEW dishes from what it had the previous visit, and the new options were EVEN TASTIER than what had been there before!Megha's Athidi is not my first Indian buffet by any stretch, but I believe it is now my favorite.  What really sets them apart is not the size of the buffet (it is modest) or the decor/service (both of which are honestly a bit underwhelming).  What sets them apart happens to be all that really matters in my mind... the quality of the food.  Every dish I tried was flavored to perfection and stood up to my favorite versions tried.  They also put a fair amount of spice/heat in almost everything, which I happen to LOVE, and is rare in a buffet setting.For $7.99 ($8.99 weekends) you really can't beat it.  I will absolutely be back.First visit Highlights:* Chana Masala - exceptional* Veggie Pakora - great for dipping* Tandoori Chicken - it was MOIST which is desirable but not always achievedSecond visit Highlights:* Chile Chicken - one of the most delicious things I have eaten in recent memory, I could eat a whole platter and ask for more* Dal Makhani - my "go-to" Indian dish, what i use to benchmark a new restaurant... very good here, did not disappoint* Butter Chicken - this was one of the only few items that was on the buffet each of my visits and it was great each time... perhaps even better the 2nd time.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,2/9/2014,504,642,4,13,9>Straight out of the streetcar era when Detroit twinkled at its peak, Devries & Company continues on a family tradition in a storied establishment on the edge of Eastern Market. It used to be R Hirt and Company, and returned to much fanfare in 2012 in this current incarnation. Devries is a European-inspired cheesemonger by way of a modern delicatessen and a general store, an interesting mash up that somehow works with the eclectic atmosphere around the sheds.Their specialties are cheese, meat, and olive oils. Step up to the scarred wooden counter after reviewing the chalkboard specials and, if you can get your hands on it, the hallowed cheese catalog. The cheese pages are needed to stay within budget, otherwise it's easy to end up with a $100 bill for a cocktail party. Huge wheels wrapped in wax and cheese-cloth sit behind the counter, sold by the wedge or chunk. Slicing isn't available. Varieties range from the familiar, like Tillamook and incomparable Black Diamond sharp cheddar, to specialties. On a recent trip, I picked up a delicious 10 year old Irish extra sharp cheddar (aged in port) and smoked Emmentaler. Best of all, the seasoned employees will provide samples of just about everything in their stock. Trial by tongue is certainly the best way to go! Staff can provide suggestions for wine pairings or cheeses based on your specific preferences or needs. The baked goods and meats deserve a gander, though prices are on the high side. Homemade scones in delicious flavours like blueberry sour cream, white chocolate raspberry, and cheddar make a nice snack after marching through the vegetable and flower vendors in the sheds. I'm not impressed by the hams and other sliced meats; equal quality for cheaper prices can be had at Western Market or Holiday Market in my area without the crazy parking. Gourmands will delight in European and Michiganian products. Stop to sample local olive oils or honeys. The lavender and raspberry balsamic vinagrettes are also fantastic. Local vendors are well represented in hot sauces to jams. If you need to stock up on McClure's pickles or a jar of wild clover honey produced within the city limits, Devries is the place to find it. For a splurge, the Saunders chocolates and caramels are tasty presents. Products to be had elsewhere cheaper (but maybe not more convenient) include sweets and candies, and the modest sushi/Asian goods section. Whole Foods, the Meijer ethnic aisle, and World Market have Ritter Sport wafers and rice vinegar.Checkouts are smooth and efficient, staff is extremely friendly, and the whole experience is absolutely essential for any Detroiter (or visitor) to really appreciate what this grand city has to offer.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,2/8/2014,376,267,1,13,8>Oh Vincente's! Thank you for filling the void that left me since living in Miami for a few years. When I was there, I was exposed to all sorts of delicious Cuban food and no self proclaimed "Cuban" establishment has fit the bill better than you, Vicente's. The Sangria. OH YUM, just delicious. It's not too sweet, not too tart and I like that they put the fruit in the glass before pouring the pitcher. This way, you are guaranteed the alcohol soaked fruit bits end up in your glass and not at the bottom of the pitcher. This is part of the pleasure of Sangria. Vicente's does Sangria right. And let me now move on to the paella. I have not had the pleasure of such an amazingly well executed paella in such a long time that I had forgotten how delicious it is. I'm not sure anything I say will truly do justice to the flavor. It's a dish that they will warn you takes another 45 minutes to prepare before it reaches the table but please, I beg you, do not let this deter you from ordering. The saffron rice- the perfectly cooked seafood mixture (Lobster, shrimp, calamari, scallops,  clams, mussels) the sausage, the vegetables...it's a dish to savor. One order can serve up to 4 easily. It's a gigantic portion. And talk about great leftovers, it's almost better the next day. A must try.I also tried the small plates during another visit including: papas rellenas (fried mashed potato balls stuffed with beef) & empanadas both were very good but were pretty greasy and heavy. If you're ok with that, I say go for it. I was a bit disappointed with the papas rellenas when comparing them to the ones I'd get in South Beach, FL they were tasty but missing some spices or flavoring in the beef. But that's just an expectations thing, if you've never tried them, do so! You won't be sorry :)The atmosphere is just as you'd expect, saucy & fun with that Cuban flair - salsa dancing, music & very colorful. I think Vincente's has some serious staying power in Detroit. I'm so glad I have a place to go now to fulfill the Cuban food cravings!
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2013,2/7/2014,44,150,6,12,9>If you have a friend coming into town for a hot minute, if there is only one thing you can show them to give them a decent look at Detroit, take them on the People Mover.  Heck, take it around the loop twice if they missed a photo op the first time!  Impress your friend and make new ones by knowing your Detroit history and trivia about the spots you pass, I had half the car listening to me on one of those runs.  And no, people are not going to roll their eyes or laugh at the idea of you giving a tour from the People Mover...I usually get smiles from people who like seeing out-of-towners' amazement and appreciation for the city.  You never know what you might see...on one ride, my friend and I got an birds-eye view of what appeared to be high-action car chase (movie? commercial?) being filmed on the street below.  Cool beans!The other thing the People Mover is excellent for is avoiding the hellacious traffic surrounding a game or concert.  I usually park either at Greektown or in Bricktown (been parking in the lot behind Tom's Oyster Bar for years).  Nuts and bolts: the ride is $.75 per token, which is a bit of a pain...I'd rather they'd just upped it to a dollar.  The stations aren't staffed, and I've had the turnstile jam after eating my token.  If you're planning on taking the People Mover, plan accordingly and bring along several singles, just in case.The stations are quite clean and feature some nifty artwork you should take a moment to appreciate.  It's also just as safe as any other place downtown, I've ridden it day and night, with a friend and alone, and I've never once felt unsafe, either in the station or on the car.  The worst experiences are after a game/concert when the cars are stuffed with inebriated assholes.  Would it be nice if it was longer/had a greater reach?  Of course!  But it is what it is, and it's good at it!
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,2/6/2014,149,123,1,9,7>Oh, Sheesh! Not Shish (because I tried searching for that unsuccessfully - sheesh!)I'll start out by admitting I've never dined in. I love take-out Middle Eastern food - it reheats so nicely and after your breath is laden with that much garlic you don't really want to be out in public anyway. This is one of the closest to my house and easily the most consistent and delicious in the area.I love the Shish-tawook lemon oregano and chicken shawarma. The tabbouli is pretty great too. The hummus is sometimes a little too runny for my taste, but always flavorful. The house salad is great too - I hope it's homemade dressing, and if not I want to know where to buy it!They've always been great about taking my order quickly and efficiently, getting it right every time (which is a big deal when getting take out in the middle of a polar vortex), and having it ready when I get there. I'm a fan and will continue to go back. Bring on the garlic sauce!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,2/5/2014,258,42,4,15,7>Went to Freakin Unbelievable Burgers with the kids for the first time tonight and we all really enjoyed it. We were greeted the second we walked in the door by at least three staff members and they were geniunely nice! It was a very nice and very clean place. I got a specialty burger and two of my boys got a build your own and my little one got a kids meal. I liked the fact that the girl taking our ordered asked him if he wanted apples and milk instead of fries and a pop. Our burgers were huge, tasty, fresh, and delicious. Even the kids burger was pretty large. I got the sweet potato fries instead of regular and they were lighly coated with cinnamon sugar which i actually did not like. The regular fries were good tho. Also this place is not cheap but we definitely got what we paid for. I would give it 4.5 stars but i cant so its 5
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,2/4/2014,94,292,2,8,7>The new addition to the local food scene is ML. It's taking on the common elements of recently open places with local ingredients and sustainable meats and seafoods. Those of us interested in those attractions and finding more and more of these restaurants and chefs paying attention to it. Inside you'll find a nice modern decor, with a patio that may redefine other patios someday, I hope. Their outdoor seating has the intimacy and fresh air you seek while being separated from the foot and car traffic that is literally on the other side of the planted shrubs. They have executed a beautiful patio where you are almost in the parking lot without knowing it.Onto what I really came here for, the food. Starting with the Korean Fried Chicken with cucumbers. I'm a sucker for Asian food and particularly Korean flavors. These boneless chicken strips encase the flavors a traditional Korean BBQ. The sauce is familiar to one while find on other Korean BBQ flavors and then have the crunch from the fried batter. It's a yummy start. I am tempted to three orders of these to make it my entree.In the spirit of trying other dishes and not just eat that chicken, I moved onto the Mahi Mahi Fish Tacos with Mango Salsa and Black Bean Quinoa. I'm not sure if you'll leave anything on this plate except for the banana leaf maybe. The fish is perfectly cooked, soft, tender, and juicy. The mango salsa and pickled vegetables on top give it a nice pop and sweet versus tangy. I would have wished the fish to be seasoned a bit more, it took on a slight fishy flavor. In one way I appreciate it since you want to taste the fish, but a bit more seasoning would heighten it. The compliment of the black bean quinoa is a good matchup. The fish being very juicy and the quinoa being slightly on the dryer side helps to soak up any juices that drip out. I promise you will not leave anything on the plate when you order the Peanut Butter Chocolate Mousse Pie. I may have licked the plate when no one was looking. I'm sure I'm on their security cameras doing the dirty deed. This was about sharp rich flavors in contrast to texture. The richness of the chocolate and the peanut butter mousse was just delicious in combination. It's the texture here that will also make you say mmmm. The harder chocolate on top that you will find yourself snapping through with the creaminess of the mousse now makes me say mmmmm. Are all their desserts this good?I can't wait to try more food and desserts here...
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2013,2/3/2014,131,297,2,9,6>Mercury Burger Bar has been on my list of places to go for a long time. I was with a group of friends who wanted to go to Slow's, but it was a 45 minute wait, so we decided to come here. YAY! I was definitely excited to finally try it. We were sat in the outdoor area behind the bar. It's a small area, but definitely plenty of seating. The menu looks awesome. It was really hard to choose, but I opted for the turkey burger w/ avocado and fries. The turkey burger had really good flavor. It wasn't dry at all, which tends to happen with turkey burgers. I think I got the shaft a little on the fries, but I don't really need that much anyways. The fries were also very good. I just got the salted fries, no poutine despite my friend's recommendation. I would've been rolled out of the place if I had poutine. Service was very good. Our waiter was very friendly and did his best to be attentive despite being very busy. The tap list is pretty decent too. I will definitely be back, hopefully with my husband.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,2/2/2014,85,139,,11,6>I really like the burger here as well as the garlic fries & the sea salt fries.  The burger would be most similar to 5 Guys...it's just as messy & the ingredients are very fresh & super tasty.  I've had the chicken a couple times & it's good but it's missing something...it's lacking seasoning of some kind.  The slaw that's on top of it is good but it's not flavorful enough to stand out with the chicken.  Their shakes are so freaking good as is the pop they serve...I recently had the ginger ale & it hit the spot.  This month they are featuring a burger on a donut & I would love to try it...those are 2 of my favorite things!!!  This is not a dine in place, it's carry-out & there's very limited parking so I would suggest just using the side street, it's much easier.  They have 3 small tables inside for you to hang out at while you wait for your food (everything is made to order) & they have a few outside as well...or at least they did when it was warm!  If you aren't a fan of waiting you can call your order in ahead of time & come pick it up.  When you arrive make sure you WATCH YOUR STEP as their is a pretty large step up to get into the building & they have it painted & a sign but still, it can't hurt to warn you.The staff I've dealt with have all been really friendly & I will continue to eat here when I'm in the area.  I also heard them talking about their plans to open 5 more locations in the metro area though they haven't even decided where yet so don't get too excited!!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,2/1/2014,20,176,3,9,7>I was looking forward to trying RCE and they didn't disappoint.  We ordered a few appetizers and a few sandwiches to share between the four of us.Very creative menu. Of note,enjoyed the layers of textures and flavors in the duck sandwich with an egg over easy. The deep caramelization on the perfectly seasoned brussel sprouts made them particularly memorable. The guys loved the pork sandwich, the flavors were there, but it was a bit too fatty for me. Delicious, juicy lamb burger. The cauliflower and squash were good but not standouts. We'll definitely be back. Friendly service. Would love to see a whole grain offering for the sandwiches on the menu - so many of us don't eat white flour. Fun decor - vintage industrial hodge podge.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,1/31/2014,398,356,1,9,10>There is nothing to be said about Old Miami that hasn't already been said. But that won't stop me now. The Old Miami kind of looks like my great-grandfather's basement. Decorated with random things & war memorbilia on the wall and full of tattered old couches. Maybe that's why I love it, because it feels so comfortable? This bar is what all other dive-bars strive to be. It is perfect. There is so much comfortable seating (thanks to the couches), it has a totally relaxed vibe, it has a bitchin outdoor area that has several bonfire/fire pit areas you can sit around. The backyard area has more outdoor decorations than the crazy old lady that lives next door to me does. It almost feels like you're in your own backyard just hanging out.  You can go outside in the summer to sit around the fire and it's the type of place that will have you talking to the other people there like you're great friends.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,1/30/2014,202,393,6,15,10>For my birthday dinner, the bf said he had a restaurant that would blow my mind - he was right!  We followed Chef David Gilbert from The Forest Grill to Marais and loved nearly everything about Marais!!!Decor: reminds me of Restoration Hardware.  I love the openness, the lighting (finally I don't have to eat dinner in the dark!), and the overall feel of Marais.Bar: I forget our bartender's name, but he was great.  He was very knowledgeable regarding scotches and whiskeys (right up the bf's alley!).  I was looking forward to the extensive wine collection, which you'll have to check out on your way to the retail area!!  It's huge.Retail area: I have found the place for my macaron fix in Detroit.  There's a really nice macaron selection (along with cheeses, chocolates, dressings, etc.) in the retail area.  Thankfully, there's a side entrance that leads you directly to the retail area in case you wanted to pick up some macarons ($2.50/each or $15 for a box of 6, I believe)!!Service: The service here was great.  Our waiter, Luis, was wonderful.  He gave great recommendations, was personable, and really went out of his way to make my evening special (including getting me an autographed menu from Chef David Gilbert! Score!).  While we sat at the bar, I noticed how seamlessly the waitstaff and bar staff worked with each other - observe it if you can bc it really is amazing.  When your food is placed at your table, a member of the wait staff will explain what everything is.  I personally love this and feel like it adds a little something extra to the meal.  The only reason I say I loved "nearly everything" about Marais was bc I felt as though the hostesses were just meh - not good, not particularly bad, but just there.  I'd expect more than "meh" from a restaurant like Marais and was really pleased when Luis,\ and everyone else stepped up.FOOD: the menu changes every 2-3 mos, which is perfect bc it gives me the opportunity to return every 2-3 mos!!  Here's what we tried:- tempura lobster & white asparagus (w/red beet gastrique, buttermilk panna cotta, torn croutons, petite lettuces, chervil puree): amaaaaazing..please do yourself a favor and order this.- terrine of foie gras (w/clementine gastrique, pumpkin gelee, cashew, pumpkin brioche): I don't think we'll order this again bc, while it was good (among the better foie gras in Detroit), the tempura lobster and black truffle risotto were SO GOOD that it made this seem just average in comparison.- black truffle risotto (w/molasses glazed sweetbreads, shaved black truffles, fennel pollen, fennel frond): this was really good!! It was everything you could ask for in a risotto and more!- duck a l'orange (w/confit thigh, braised red cabbage, port wine sauce, chanterelle mushrooms, citrus supremes): have you ever made an O-face while trying to eat a meal?  Weeeeeell...has your waiter walked by and seen your O-face while eating? Bc that's exactly what happened when I had my first bite of the duck.  It was amazing.  I am DEFINITELY coming back here again, and I am definitely ordering this.  Best entree I've had in the state of Michigan.- beef tenderloin (w/oxtail ravioli, comte & black truffle croutons, pearl onion, green apple): this was good, but unfortunately, I was so enamored by the duck a l'orange that everything seemed to pale in comparison.  I especially enjoyed the croutons.- coulant de chocolate & dulce de leche ice cream (w/coffee bits and I think sea salt caramel?): this is worth the 12 mins!!! It's so much better and more dimensional than your typical lava chocolate cake. The cake is cooked perfectly, and the chocolate isn't overpowering.- macarons: delicious..off the top of my head, we tried caramel, apricot & butterscotch filling, pistachio, and coffee.  I can't remember the other flavors we got, but I think the quality of these macarons are far better than any that I've found in Detroit, AND they're so reasonably priced.  I am definitely stopping by the retail center here for my macaron fix next time.I can't say enough good things about Marais. As soon as we left, the bf and I tried coming up with special occasion excuses to come here next month. :)
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2013,1/29/2014,272,268,7,11,8>The Coach Insignia is located in the Renaissance Center in Detroit, Michigan.  It just so happened to be Restaurant Week in Detroit and one my girlfriends asked if I was game to go there for dinner!!!  For $30 there were 3 courses - an appetizer, dinner, and dessert!  Public parking is conveniently located right across the street.  When going up the elevator to the top it is beautiful.  You overlook the Detroit River and across the Detroit River is Windsor, Ontario.  So, like Sarah Palin I can see another country -- not off of my porch, but in the elevator and unlike her I am not too familiar with other countries governments!!!!!Anyway, to get back to Coach Insignia -- since we had a reservation the maitre'de escorted us to our table, which when you looked through the window it was an amazing view with the bridge going to Canada and the sunset.  Wish I were on a date though - oh well.  We looked over the wine list and chose a bottle of wine.  Then looked at the options for Restaurant Week and decided on what we were going to have.  I decided on having short ribs because the waiter said the meat was very tender and delicious.  OMG he was not kidding.  The chef did a wonderful job.  But before that I had squash soup as my first course and that was not disappointing either.  To finish up I had some bread pudding because I thought that that would be the least amount of calories!  I have never had such extraordinary bread pudding such as this!  OMG - it was like it melted in your mouth and left a very pleasant pumpkinny flavor!  Wonderful - Coach Insignia you really performed outstanding for Restaurant Week in the "D"!!!!!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,1/28/2014,31,117,6,12,9>Went down to get a piece of meat for New Years.  Yes, my goal was "a piece of meat" or pieces that would feed a crowd of 9 :) I didn't know what to expect, but the reviews were great/good so I gave it a go. I have been to the other meat distributors in Eastern Market so I expected to walk into a large meat locker, not the case.  You're buzzed into a small vestibule and there is a person behind a glass window who takes your order.  A nice guy came out to help me choose the cut as they could tell I was a "newbie." I told him what I was interested in, my price range, and a few minutes later he came out with a beautifully trimmed prime rib roast. I went because they had dry aged beef - the cost is quite high (understandably.) I went with a "step down" from dry aged and still was presented with an absolutely gorgeous roast that was a big hit. I will certainly go down there again for special occasions. Next time, I'll just call ahead and place my order as there is really no fun/mystique in placing your order onsite. I had visions of walking through meat lockers and pointing to the one I wanted ;) Not the case, and that's ok.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,1/27/2014,148,349,4,13,10>Absolutely five star worthy.  YUM.  A staple in our eat-out/take-out routine 'schedule'.  My husband loves the ginger chicken and special chicken biryani dishes, and i am partial to the aloo gobi and kadai paneer.  Lunch buffet is well-stocked, well-kept up and refreshed throughout service.  Mango icecream is a part of the dessert station insanely mango-y, sweet and good.Ricky and the female waitress are very friendly.  We come here at such frequency that they recognize my voice when I order take out..
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2013,1/26/2014,1388,1056,13,20,15>My sister came in from out of town and wanted something different for lunch. Nothing glam, just tasty food, she insisted. Here we came. She is a newbie to street tacos and wanted to try a bunch of different meats (not too weird mind you, just different). We got four tacos; chorizo (my fave), al pastor (her fave), carnitas and barbacoa. The only miss for her was barbacoa (it was an off day) but that is no shocker as we both prefer pork.We each got a side of beans. Yummy. I just adore these. We loved the chips with the two salsas (green is the best but I need both here) but we also added an order of excellent guac because we are just that way. Added a couple of bottles of pop and we were still cheap as chips for lunch, stuffed full too.Our service was friendly and efficient. I love the soaps in Spanish on the TV. I could totally eat here solo happily with the entertainment provided.After we were done stuffing our faces we wandered the store area being happy little explorers. Fun products. Yeah she is still talking of this place :). Win.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,1/25/2014,2657,302,32,47,40>Are you a connoisseur of hot sandwiches?  Do you like the feeling of warm, juicy, thinly sliced beef between your lips?  No.... this isn't an infomercial and you are not dreaming.  I must warn you though, if conversations about gravy dripping down your chin make you day dream of food you may wanna read this review closer to lunch or dinner time.After months of eating way to much food with way to little exercise, my fat ass has suspended multiple meals dining out per day and I have decided to mix in a few reviews finished by a walk or two around the block.  I am glad I live outside of walking distance from this gas station at 17 & Mound because I'm not sure if my arteries would re-cooperate fast enough with the hot Italian beef sandwiches that Beef Daddy's is serving up.Beef Daddy's has been going strong for 5 plus years & is still a joint still flying under the radar!  Italian beef slapped around with metal spatulas by every day blue collar workers on a flat top with a single fryer sharing a common door with the Marathon gas station.  These guys are super friendly & make a "Killer Beef Sandwich".  When they ask what I want, I simply tell them to make me an awesome sandwich however you want me to eat it and they never disappoint.I mean whats not to love about slow roasted, thinly sliced Italian beef served on a toasted sesame seed bun smothered with gravy, topped with sauteed peppers & onions all buried beneath a healthy dose of melted mozzarella cheese, all served with some house made seasoned french fries?Seriously people, take a time out, go get some gas & try an Italian beef sandwich from Beef Daddy's! "You simply must experience slow roasted beef & gravy euphoria"
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,1/24/2014,16,49,7,13,7>The best pizza place in town. By a mile.In another city Neopapalis would probably get 4 stars: the pizza is really good, the prices are reasonable, the service is acceptable, and the decor is a bit... bright and modern for my taste. But this is Ann Arbor, where I'm pretty sure there is s city ordinance that states that any business who serves pizza must first make sure that it is completely inedible. I will overlook all layout/ambience faults for good food.As someone who likes thin crust, sauce that actually tastes like tomatoes, fresh toppings, and real cheese, Neopapalis is like coming up for air after nearly drowning in the gooey garbage served at Pizza House or Cottage Inn. The late night special ($10 for a pizza and a pint) shaves a couple bucks off an already decent price. The beer selection is good. Michigan brews, a porter, a rye, a couple IPAs, the standard spectrum. Also i gave it a bonus star to try to counteract the review from the douchenozzle who gave it 1 star for having too many TVs and then admitted that s/he had never eaten there. Seriously? EFF that puto. This is someone's business, and more importantly your low score could keep someone from trying really good pizza. Don't be an asshole.
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,1/23/2014,83,308,5,12,7>So excited I found my new salon! After moving from out of state and in desperate need of a hair cut I wasn't sure what to expect from my visit. Having super curly hair I always get nervous trying a new stylist. I was paired up with Melinda, she was so sweet and really listened to my concerns and to what I wanted out of my cut. With this humidity I wear my hair curly but usually I wear it straight so I needed a cut that worked for both styles. It's been a couple weeks since my appointment I have to say this is the best hair cut I have ever had! It's never looked so good curly before. I can't wait for my appointment next week with her for some highlights.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,1/22/2014,46,57,5,7,5>Ok I don't like giving five stars, especially not for places I consider to be typical but there are those occasions and places that are far from typical. I've been eating here since 1996 and frankly I grew tired of alligator and frog legs. They are overrated delicacies. The good parts comin jus wait. Also it was the spot we went to after every dance, party and birthday celebration. Festivals, concerts and funerals you name it, Fishbones was the spot to eat. I had them in my memory of mediocre.Last night a friend suggested it and I'm typically not picky about food(lie), although I did have some reservations. Their kitchen was open and still churning out hot shit after 11 pm. Our appetizer of catfish bingettes sp. (nuggets) melted in our mouths. They were tender and juicy, not over cooked like most fried catfish. The semi spicy sauce was a perfect match. The starter bread was a couple of plump soft Italian rolls- the BUTTER baaaaaby- the herbed garlic butter brought so much flavor to my dead palette. My dish was the Pasta Orleans (seafood with cream sauce) made spicy. This was the perfect carb supplement to my day of a 6 mile walk of downtown. The shrimp and crawfish weren't rubbery. The crab and scallops were so plentiful - this was no pasta filler food. My only request was that they add a strong fresh herb like sweet basil as garnish to cut into the richness of the cream sauce.My companion had the Capresse sp. salad which was not a small appetizer but full platter. The tomatoes were crisp and fresh, basil firm and sweet, mozzarella smooth and balanced. The balsamic reduction on top brought it together.We were both too full to finish our meals but we were more than satiated and beyond satisfied.I will definitely return to an old hometown favorite.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2013,1/21/2014,93,223,4,9,6>It took me a good year or two to really come around to beer. After cases of ___ Light in college, I was convinced that this beverage was not for me. Then all my friends became beer snobs (haha jk guys! enthusiasts! beer enthusiasts!), and I either had to jump on that train or sit idly by whilst discussions of malts and fermentation dominated our bar chatter.And so! The taste testing began. That whole "gotta kiss a lot of frogs before you find your prince" definitely applies when searching for your craft brew glassmate (grooooan, yeah, I said glassmate). Countless flights of ales, IPAs, lagers, porters, stouts and heferweizens later, a chocolate colored beauty captured my heart. The beer of my yeasty, barley, hoppy dreams: MCBW's Nut Brown Ale. /swoon/The initial taste of toasted malts plays nicely with a sweet nutty nose, finishing clean with no lingering hops. Oh man, that is one sexy beer. (Note: beer sn...enthusiasts who are looking to try this: it gets significantly better reviews when tasted right from the tap vs. buying in bottles from a retailer.)The fact that MCBW makes fantastic pizza is just an added bonus for me. That gorgonzola fig concoction really is all the rage. The jam. The bomb dot com, if you will.
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,1/20/2014,100,119,,7,6>Visiting Ann Arbor, I'd always make this brewpub one of my must-stop places. For my appetizer, I skip food and choose the 9-beer sampler. It's fun tasting the different brews! Next, I usually order up a Grizz Burger. Very tasty! Get the sweet potato fries with it. It's a perfect complement to the burger and beers. All their pizzas are great too except for the Mediterranean. It has too many olives for my liking.Ambiance here has a clean, old, and rustic vibe. Spacing and low noise level make this a great place for having conversation with friends. Service here has always been excellent. From the host to the waiters to the manager, everyone keeps patrons happy.Parking can sometimes be a pain in the ass during peak hours. If there's no spaces in the street, you'll have to use the pay lots and those sometimes fill up to capacity. I recommend coming here during off-hours if possible.Living in Ann Arbor now, I'm contemplating joining their mug club. You get lifetime membership, a 20-ounce crystal stein, discount beer prices, and a t-shirt! I think I'm gonna wait though because there's no discount for my 9-beer sampler and that's what I still like to get.
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,1/19/2014,7,78,1,8,6>I had heard all about Toasted Oak, so my expectations were sky high when we came. Amazingly, Toasted Oak still managed to exceed my expectations. We started with the free kielbasa appetizer which was amazing. One trend I noticed throughout our meal is that all of the sauces and seasonings are very unique and VERY tasty. My wife and I both ordered their version of a Michigan salad, which was very unique. It had a sour, vinagerette dressing which turned sweet and sour when mixed with the cherries, walnuts and ricotta-like cheese that was on the side of the plate. Excellent twist on this type of salad.My entree was the Steak Frites which was cooked to perfection, as was my wife's Frickin Good Chicken. It was at this point of the meal where we had the most amazing service experience ever. My wife tried the radishes served with her chicken and made a face as apparently radishes aren't her thing. 30 seconds later a manager is at our table saying he couldn't help but notice the look on her face when she tried the side, and what new side could he bring her that she would enjoy? Amazing!The desserts were fabulous as well. I had a salted caramel custard/brulee and my wife had the baked oatmeal cookie. The cinnamon ice cream on the cookie tasted like pure cinammon AWESOMENESS. LOVE this place. Obviously the food is insane, the service is the best and the ambience is perfect. We will be back.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,1/18/2014,49,753,2,13,7>Lets see what the yelp love is all about.Okay it is absolutely warranted/earned/deserved .We all know the word 'AUTHENTIC' gets overused on YELP, but  I scanned the multiple reviews, from several and thought why not.I'm not an adventurous Mexican Food eater , So I avoided the lips-tongue cheek selections.Ordered a Carnita [ pork ]  Taco  $1.57     * $1.00 on WednesdaysIf you've had a jaques taco truck taco , this is very similar  and goodAlso ordered a chicken & cheese quesadilla  for $2.99which resembled a gordita on steroids , love that it had grill marks & came folded.Knowing I was  a first timer she asked if I wanted  mild or hot sauce on the side, YES PLEASE!Both were great!Now to go back & dine in & try the enchiladas !just a note: it is a restaurant & grocery do NOT come expecting the Whitney, it is just solid, very good food.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2013,1/17/2014,56,84,,8,5>Okay...this is seriously the best Italian food I've had in Michigan! Let's start with the bread....OMG...it's light and fluffy, and you can literally eat 10 loaves and not notice a thing until you're finished with dinner a few hours later. We ordered a side of marinara to dip it in, and it made it extra delicious!For the entree, I ordered the pesto tortellini. It's a cheese tortellini with creamy pesto sauce...this deserves another OMG...I've seriously been having dreams about when I'll get to have this pasta again....not anytime soon, because Ferndale is somewhat of a drive from where I am...but I'm going to find a weekend to squeeze it in!Just a heads up...make reservations, especially Fri/Sat....we just walked in and had to wait about 30-45 minutes...but it's cool because the Oakland is literally next door and you can pass the time with some yummy drinks.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,1/16/2014,50,150,7,11,7>YUM YUM - perfect for lunch or dinner !!Good yellowy lentil soup - that def helps if you had a lemon and some hot sauce, they have chahola - love it.its cool the other day i order just a side of grilled chicken so yum yum!! Great crunchy, perfection falafel balls, the brown rice with the camelized onions are delicious as well - its such a great little combo!!the fatoosh you have the option of crispy fried pita in it or normal pita - def go for the fried. :D !!!CHEAP - and easy to walk to, indoor seating has a few small tables not the best for large parties at peak hours, theres bar seating too - and outdoor seating for a nice day!
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/15/2014,76,258,3,8,7>Went to the DSO on Friday to hear the music of John Williams.  I was so impressed with the orchestra!  They are a truly amazing bunch.  I felt like I was watching all of the movies while they played the music!  Orchestra Hall is very beautiful - the theatre is very ornate with gold-laced ceilings and lions all over the place.  The lobby had a concession area and the bathrooms were clean.We were waaaaay up about 3 rows from the back but we still had a great view, and we could hear everything perfectly.  My only complaint is how squished everyone is in there!  The seats are tiny and there is ZERO legroom...and I'm 5'2".  I have no idea how normal sized people could enjoy sitting there for 2 hours.  Also, a lot of the crowd was very chatty - if there's one thing I can't stand, it's talking during a performance...but a lot of people there felt it was fine to carry on conversations in a normal tone!!  I wish they had people around to stop that.  I honestly would have probably found an usher but I was so squished in my seats it was impossible to get out!If you're looking to have a really nice night out on the town, I highly recommend seeing the DSO at Orchestra Hall!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,1/14/2014,60,247,3,8,5>Not far from where I live, there are two produce stands along Dequindre Road: Irma's and Kathy's.  I have tried both and I'm an Irma's boy.  This time of year, I stop for fresh picked corn, tomatoes that actually taste like tomatoes and whatever else looks good (there were some amazing raspberries there the other day).  It's a simple operation, just a couple of people behind the counter and an occasional person refilling the stand.  The fruit and veggies are laid out with little cardboard signs with handwritten prices.  I did learn this week that they take credit cards, a nice nod to modern times.I feel blessed to have such close access to fresh produce.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2013,1/13/2014,169,227,12,18,12>I must have hit it just right -- 12:45 on a Monday.  I walked in to no line.  "Is this your first time here?" "Yep.""How did you know I make sandwiches, then?"He told me to put out my hand.  I wondered if he was about to predict what kind of sandwich I wanted.  Instead, he pointed at it and yelled, "THREE TWO ONE BAM!"  I had a handful of Hershey kisses.  I told Ernie my dietary restrictions, and he proceeded to make me the most amazing vegetable sandwich I've ever had in a Deli.  Apple slices, radishes, red and green peppers, pickles, jalipenos, lettuce, tomatoes, onions... on a delicious roll.$5 sandwich, chips, and a pop... $7 out the door.They don't make 'em like Ernie.  They don't make sandwiches like his, either.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,1/12/2014,252,310,4,8,5>These guys run a good simple, no-frills family pizza joint specializing in traditional pan round and of course Detroit square pizzas. Since moving to the Shelby area, my wife and I have gotten their $8.99 for a large pizza with 3-toppings a handful of times and we have found it to be the best marriage between quality and value in the area so far. Furthermore, they will give you two of the said pizzas for a combined $16.99, so if you have a handful of people to feed you can save even more.Admittedly, we have not adventured into their menu more, but it seems like pizza is their main offering. We also appreciate that their cheese, bread, and toppings all taste fresh and real. I like that they use plenty of cheese and not too much sauce. And you gotta love the old-school pepperonis that curl up a little when cooked. They do not serve that cookie cutter taste that the big chains put into production. Don't go here expecting gourmet pizza of course - but it is perfect for those "don't feel like cooking" nights! This is a solid place where you get a little more than what you pay for and I like that. Blue Collar pizza is a hard working pizza joint that will continue to earn our business.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,1/11/2014,209,59,2,14,12>We came here after getting a tour at the Shinola watch assembly in the Alfred Taubman building College of Creative Studies (CCS). The store itself is visually appealing with their merchandise displayed in glass cases and their bikes in the back. Service was attentive & we didn't feel pressured to buy and they didn't stare at us as though we were going to break something each time we picked up a product.Shinola specializes in watches, leather, bikes and Journals. This review is specifically for the watches. We were impressed by the Shinola "factory" tour and my dad is a watch collector. Learning the history behind Shinola and their passion to bring back employment & assembly to Detroit, I was even more inclined to buy a Shinola watch. My fiancé and I were also celebrating our 8yr anniversary and though we're from SoCal, he proposed to me in Detroit, Coach Insignia to be exact. Long story short, we moved to Cali after I finished at U of M (go Blue!) and have returned only to appreciate Detroit (this really is the Automotive capital of the world!) from a side we never saw. Fiancé thought I took him to Shinola to buy a watch and he easily found a 41mm Runwell orange on black that he liked. He suggested I get one too as gifts to each other so I too found a black on black 28mm Runwell. Matching watches! Both ~ $1100 thats a steal! How appropriate being that we're back in MI. So our purchases were nostalgic. I can't wait to buy a Shinola watch for my dad. Maybe a leather-bound journal for mi sister & some leather iPad cases/wallet for my mom & future MIL. Btw, if the watch you want isn't in stock, it's only a 2-3 wk wait. Even it's a month, just be reassured knowing that the employees are assembling each itty bitty part about 3 miles away. (Do the factory tour & you'll know & appreciate what I'm talking about.) We got lucky that everything was in stock. Lastly, email Shinola to get a factory tour. I can't wait to take my dad & future in-laws when they visit us in MI!
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,1/10/2014,54,139,1,8,5>Ok, one of the new items on the menu is called the "Sami special," it's like any other entree I've had. It's grilled chicken breast with a sauce that is so yummy that I forgot what it was while I was eating and the waiter was explaining it to me for the third time. It's sprinkled with goat cheese and there is butter somewhere on the plate under the chicken....phenomenal. It comes with mashed potatoes and veggies, side of either soup or salad. This entree has replaced my usual almond chicken. Thank you Sami and Sou.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,1/9/2014,57,58,4,9,4>I work right in the area of The Jefferson House, so when it opened up, I went with a few coworkers for a happy hour to check it out.  It was a really nice day out, so we sat outside on the patio.  It's a little weird because you're right where the Lodge starts, so you're kind of on the service drive to Cobo.  However, they put up short glass walls that kept the traffic noise out.  The inside of the restaurant is very nice and the remodel looks great as well since we had to walk through it to get to the patio.Three of us had wine and my one coworker asked for sangria, which they happily made for her.  We were thinking about just having a few glasses of wine, but decided to try out some of the food to see how it is.  We ordered an appetizer of shrimp and the lobster mac and cheese.  Both were really good and I was definitely a fan of the mac and cheese!We had really great service the entire time we were there.  For a restaurant that just opened, you really can't tell at all.  There wasn't a mass commotion of servers and our food and drinks came out quickly when the restaurant was pretty busy.  Everyone knew what they were doing and were super friendly.  Half the staff came out to thank us for coming and to ask how everything was- our server, the GM, the chef, etc.  I thought that was really nice.  They also told us about what was going on with the renovated hotel and how they're remodeling the restaurant on the very top floor, which they are hoping to have open by the end of the year.  Apparently there have been picketers outside the hotel for a few weeks because they want the hotel to join a union.  The second they saw us sitting on the patio, they had everyone in their group (about 20 or so people) come over to where we were sitting and chanted at us for about 20 minutes.  The staff at the restaurant came out to apologize profusely and even bought our second round of drinks for having to put up with it.  We told them that we really don't mind and that it's almost more entertaining than annoying.  I think it was really nice of them to be concerned about our comfort while dining and drinking at their restaurant to have so many people come out to apologize and to comp some of our bill when there's nothing they can really do to get them to leave.The inside of the hotel also looks fantastic after being remodeled.  I'm excited to see it once it's all finished, especially for when that Starbucks is open!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2013,1/8/2014,89,191,7,10,9>It's inside third street saloon, which is where we go every Monday night before doing our radio show.  Not going to lie, I was a little skeptical at first about anything calling itself "dangerously delicious pies"...but holy hell, that's accurate on all levels.You want something to eat while having a few drinks from third street's bar?  Grab the SMOG (it's steak, mushrooms...something that starts with an "O" and something that starts with a "G"...I can't be bothered with details...just shut up and try it, trust me) meat pie and love it in all of its awesomeness.Looking for something on the sweeter side?  They have desserts too, including some traditional (nice slice of warm apple pie with some vanilla ice cream?  yes, please) to blueberry crumbles and all sorts of other options that will induce a diabetic coma if you eat as many of them as you actually want to...but at least you'll be smiling and happy when that goes down.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,1/7/2014,30,91,4,12,7>Sushi is one of my favorite foods so I'm constantly looking for places to get my fix. Tom Sushi has met my need for good sushi. Tom Sushi sits in the King's Row Plaza on Rochester Road near East Long Lake Road. It is a quaint joint with seats enough for only 16 people at the peak of business hours. Although you can sit down and eat, you have to place your order at the counter and pay before you get your meal. For those who are into crazy combinations of rolls, this is not the place for you. They stick to the basics and do a pretty damn good job. Today my family and I ordered a teriyaki chicken bowl, salmon oyako bowl, shrimp tempura nuggets, a Michigan roll, spider roll, and two fountain drinks. The price blew me away. For all those items, the total after tax was $37.18. You also don't pay for tip since you serve yourself besides the staff bringing the food to your table. There is a tip jar however at the register if you want to tip. The entire restaurant was clean, even the bathroom. The cashier was very friendly and patient as we were new customers and had a hard time deciding what to order. We also walked in 45 minutes before they were closing, but we did not feel rushed at all. The rice in the bowls and the sushi rolls was perfectly soft, yet chewy and not too acidic. The teriyaki sauce had a delicious sweetness to it without overpowering the whole dish and the chicken was grilled to perfection. The main star though was the salmon oyako bowl. It had strips of crispy salmon skin, huge pieces of fresh salmon, salmon roe, avocado, cucumber, and pickled ginger. This alone is worth going to Tom Sushi for. The other rolls that I ordered were standard but done well. The shrimp tempura nugget was something new to me though. There were deep fried pieces of shrimp on top of a ball of rice wrapped with nori. The tempura shrimp was not rolled straight and deep fried in panko...just regular shrimp dipped into a thick batter and fried. It was pretty tasty though. I mean how can you go wrong with deep fried shrimp? All in all, I'd say I had a great experience at Tomo and will be back quite often.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,1/6/2014,409,83,7,5,3>This looks like someone decided to start a bar at an estate sale. Miss matched pictures, throwback furniture and style from the fifties but the ambiance actually comes together for an ultimate experience dedicated to having  a good time. I have to say that there isn't much to offer in a review except that I can say that I always have a good time. This is a great place to start the night or end up for last call. If you havent had the oppurtunity to expierence this place defiantly seek it out.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,1/5/2014,15,159,3,7,4>A couple of my friends are true breakfast aficionados, and they uniformly speak of Cheryl's Place with an almost religious reverence. I finally got a chance to stop in with my wife, and I gotta say, I get it. At 10:30 on a weekday, the place was still nearly packed. There seemed to be a lot of communal seating, which I really dislike, but Cheryl's Place is more of a "get 'em in, get 'em out" kind of place, so I would guess it maximizes efficiency and discourages table campers.I opted for the three-meat skillet, which seemed to fly out of the kitchen. Although I got bumped up from the three-meat to three-meat-with-sausage-gravy, I was more than happy to give it a try. It was blissful. The potatoes were impeccably charred, the meat was hot but not "it burned me" hot, the eggs were prepared by a breakfast genius... all around, it was one of the best breakfasts I've ever had. Only downside was that my Pepsi tasted suspiciously like diet. Rather than ask, I opted for coffee, expecting it to be awful. Now... I say that, because I'm a pretentious douche about coffee, and no restaurant coffee has ever satiated me.The coffee at Cheryl's Place was... okay, it wasn't stellar to me, but I'll be damned if I didn't want a second cup. If you're normally cool with coffee from the gas station, then you're in for a real treat. Cashing out, I noticed their "Best Breakfast In Livingston County" plaque. I'm 90% sure it had every year going back to 1989. I'll buy that. Breakfast wasn't cheap, but it was a pretty great value for what I paid.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2013,1/4/2014,402,837,5,11,8>I found this place online and finally got a chance to come in here today to check the place out.The positives:   Small store with a great selection.  I'm not the most educated wine person, but there seemed to be a little bit of everything here.    Great location and easy to find.  They also have wine tastings here as well, and if you check in, you get 50% off.     Guy seemed knowledgeable and passionate about the business.  I love that I'm dealing with someone who KNOWS what their selling, and can educate me during the process.  I was offered a free sample of wine, which I passed on, but definitely a positive!The negatives:    Prices are a bit steep, and even though I'm sure it's quality stuff.  $50 a bottle is a bit much for me.  Sometimes I want a $9.99 bottle because sometimes it's just a matter of picking up a bottle to take to a party or serve at my house with dinner.    They have a cute bar, but the seating is limited.  I wanted to sit down and drink after I walked around, but a birthday party walked in and the one chair was in the middle of the party. Not the Wine stores fault, but a bigger bar would have been good.     I don't think they serve food.  I don't require a full meal, but snacks with wine seems to help hold the stomach, and absorb the wine when doing a tasting.  I didn't ask, but I'm pretty sure they don't serve food.    I want more wine knick knacks!  Hardly any merchandise for sale!Overall a great place.  I would love to return for a tasting and learn about wine again.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,1/3/2014,112,585,4,13,9>I like Bistro 222. It's solid: has decent service, good food, and is a sorely-needed niche for Dearborn. Dearborn really lacks in quality food at a reasonable price, and Bistro 222 fills that need. It isn't the best food or service that I have ever had - but for Dearborn, it's a MUST. Please, please, please go there. I want this place to be around for a long, long time. Not only that, I can stop in and look at my favorite jeweler's on my way in (Steven Bernard - don't miss this place). The fact that Dearborn charges for parking STILL irritates me, but I guess it is what it is when you're heading "downtown" these days (okay, it's been there a while, but I grew up here and it still seems just so foreign). Overall great place for a date, catching up with a friend, or just eating quality food in Dearborn.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,1/2/2014,151,367,1,7,6>Yum!  I am your typical girl.  I can't throw a ball, I have a bathroom full of products and I love chocolate.  So its no surprise that I totally ended up loving my experience at Schakolad/Birmingham Chocolate. I originally ended up here because my friend was throwing her little sister's bachelorette party; and I was the helper.  I was the one to arrive early, decorate and to set up for the gaggle of girls that were coming.  Birmingham chocolate will host all kinds of events, including girls' nights out, where the party gets to do a chocolate tasting, make their own chocolates and go home with a nine-piece truffle box (along with the chocolate that they made already).  Throughout our whole event, the owner and his staff were very accommodating and gracious.  They let us set up dinner, which we brought in, before any chocolate making and also allowed us to bring our own booze.  A bottle of champs (served in chocolate rimmed glasses) was also included in their package, but that doesn't always go far with a bunch of celebrating ladies.  Bring some extra if you are going to be partying here.  The chocolate itself is pretty darn good.  I really enjoyed the chocolate tasting, especially tasting all the darker chocolates, including cocoa nibs (which are bits of the pure cocoa pod roasted, and a bit nutty).  We got to make a chocolate bar, which was fantastic...I made mine with dark chocolate and nibbled off it for days afterwards.  The truffle box that I that I made up was equally as good.  I really liked the chipolte and toasted coconut truffles.  The chocolate covered caramels are another win.  I will admit that I do prefer their darker chocolate ten times more than their milk chocolate.  I can totally skip the white chocolate, but I've never been a white chocolate fan so I guess I'm not the best person to ask.  Overall, the chocolate is pretty good...not the best I've ever had, but it makes a nice fancy alternative to Godiva or other expensive "gifty" chocolate brands.  I definitely will return because the staff was super nice, the presentation is fantastic and because I know I can count on them to provide a welcoming and accommodating chocolate buying experience.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,1/1/2014,1,105,3,6,4>I came here with my family today because we had a 30% off coupon for the restaurants anniversary. We started off with the free pita bread and amazing garlic sauce. The pita was very hot and fresh and the garlic sauce was so delicious. my brother and I shared the shish kabob platter  and we chose beef tenderloin. My dad got the lamb chops and my mom got the shish tawook (grilled chicken). All our food was very delicious and came with a fattoush salad. Not the best fattoush but still very tasty. I loved the beef on the platter, it was seasoned and cooked perfectly. It was tender and moist. The grilled veggies that came with the beef were seasoned perfectly and tasted great. My dads lamb chops were very tasty and flavorful as well. My moms chicken was also juicy and tender! I absolutely loved all the entrees. our waiter was super patient and polite. The food portions were also plentiful. Each dish was over $15 that we ordered but with the coupon the overall total was very affordable. I would come here again for the complimentary pita, garlic sauce, and the shish kabob! I definitely recommend all the dishes we ordered today.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2013,12/31/2013,87,369,2,8,5>I've been about a bazillion times.  It helps that the only thing that I love more than baseball is the Tigers.  But the park is great, the amenities are decent (they have vegetarian food by the ferris wheel), and it is just a great time.  The parking can get dicey so if you aren't from here make sure you are well advised where to leave your car.  Also if you go on a busy day like opening day, you need to think your bathroom stops in advance because there WILL be a line.  Finally, the souvenirs are pricey.Overall great.  People, staff and fans alike, are super friendly and glad you made it to a game.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,12/30/2013,9,47,10,17,5>The first thing you will like about dropping into Vellum is that you can frequently get a seat on a weekend evening due in part to the fact that fat suburbanites who think the portions are too small and university students not yet old enough to have good taste frequently rate it lower than it deserves. (Just fancy-up a brick oven pizza from an open kitchen or knock out a few exotic tacos with a good mixed drink and you will win the James Beard award in Ann Arbor.)Perfectly cooked rack of lamb and lamb shoulder with cauliflower puree and veal demi-glace and a schmear of orange paste. Awesome. (You know you really have something when the roasted brussel sprouts UNDER the rack of lamb steal the show!) Carefully prepared food in a simple, soothing interior feels like a great neighborhood place in Manhattan. The young owner from a restaurant family is eager to please his guests. Attentive service is at times almost too much, but I'll take it over a detached student waiter with boyfriend problems any day.I do have one small complaint. The very extensive wine list tends to be priced a little north of the standard restaurant markup (which is already quite high). Example: Non-vintage Mountadon, which I typically buy in a wine store for $35-$38 is $100 on this list. (at $75--I'm in.) I would like to support this great wine list, but when I encounter this, I tend to gravitate to the low end of the price structure, or get a mixed drink.Great effort put forward here. A solid 4-star place that will count me as a regular. (I wonder if others who rate this place so low on a single experience would be comfortable being rated publicly on their performance at work based on one hour of one day?)
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,12/29/2013,131,109,7,13,10>There have been a few recent changes to the menu at the buffet.  Before, there were prepared cold salads to choose from.  Now, it is a custom salad bar where they make the salad for you.  I have mixed feelings about this change.  On one hand, it is very easy to take the things I dislike out of a salad by just not having the chef add them in.  On the other hand, the salad they make you is huge.  I like to try a small amount of different things when I go to Palette and I felt like the salad was too large, even though I specifically requested a small serving.Another thing that is a much older change, but still kind of irks me is that they used to have cool little tapas style appetizers at each station that highlighted the offerings of that section.  I remember having a fig and prosciutto appetizer and a few other creative and tasty bites back when they used to do that.  I wish they would have a few more select things to sample in addition to the regular buffet offerings.  The food is good, but I would like to see a few more exhibitions of culinary creativity.  It is obvious that the staff prepares quality food; I would like to see their talents shine as well.Also, they used to have blown glass tumblers and Waterford tableware at the restaurant.  Now, they just offer standard restaurant ware.  I liked the other table settings better.  They were lovely and creative.Overall, I always enjoy a tasty dinner at Palette and I have a few things that I really enjoy while I am there...I just feel that the selections and presentation used to be a little more upscale.  Unfortunately, the price seems to be the one thing that has consistently gone up.  I wish they would return to some of those flourishes that made them unique in the past.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2013,12/28/2013,119,419,1,6,6>In my Jesse from "Breaking Bad" voice - YOOOOOO! Wat up! To those that have no clue what "Breaking Bad" is or did not enjoy the show as I did I greet you with a politically correct - Hello, I hope all is well. On to the review . . .Last Friday evening I joined my bestie for her birthday celebration at "Motor City Wine". I must say that I absolutely love the new space. The dimly lit bar was perfect for our small group of friends as well as the many couples that were there taking in the great band that was performing live.Now here's the twist to this review - I don't drink wine or alcohol so I can't review the selections or inform you of whether or not the pricing is fair for what you get.  Bummer.  But what I can tell you is that this is by far one of the coziest spots in the city I've been to in quite a while.The atmosphere, the people and the staff just work. It all comes together for a no muss, no fuss kind of enjoyable evening; the kind of evening where everyone is taking off the work week and putting on the anticipation of the weekend.There is plenty of seating as well as patrolled parking. Motor City Wine is definitely the foundation for all the wonderful things happening in Downtown and Midtown.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2013,12/27/2013,16,93,,13,4>Went here with  my hubby and 3 other friends. To start out, the wait was 1 hour and 45 minutes and let me tell you, had I not been here with a group of friends to chat it up with, I would not have waited! We were actually seated in exactly that amount of time which was not the staffs fault, people were just not leaving quick enough however if you visit in the fall/winter be prepared to be cold, there is really nowhere for you to sit/stand and wait for your table- either you are blocking the front door or the aisle way or you need to go outside or even to your car and wait, in the summer I don't see waiting outside as a problem however we stood in the little entry way with this little skinny log bench before you get into the second door of the restaurant and it wasn't heated!Now on to the food. Our table got the bread app, ribs pizza and fried chicken. Everyone was satisfied - portions seemed a bit small to me but this is because I'm greedy I'm sure with the exception of the pizza which that's what I got and I must say it was good. Service was also good and actually we received our food very fast this is probably because they do NOT have many tables in this joint, everyone crowds the bar but actual tables.... I didn't count but it seemed to have maybe 20-30.For dessert the whole table ordered the oatmeal chocolate ice cream sandwiches which were sooooooooooooooooo gooooooooooooooood! FYI You have to ask for dessert  since they currently do not have a dessert menu.Yes Ill definitely go back, but once the hype dies down, I will not wait that long again : )THEY DO NOT TAKE RESERVATIONS- SIGH
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,12/26/2013,151,104,3,8,5>I went here on a date a few days ago. Here's the breakdown:The good: My burger was perfect. You choose the toppings, the degree of doneness, the bun, etc. It was cooked exactly how I wanted it. I went for tater tots as a side (because I never eat them, and they are delicious), but you can get fries or onion rings as well. They had a good selection of yummy bar grub as well (cheese sticks, wings, etc).The bad: There was an upcharge for things like bbq ketchup, garlic mayo, and fancier burger toppings, like fried eggs, bacon etc. If you like a lot of topping, this could be pricy. Also, it's in a basement - so if you have a problem with stairs, this might be a problem (they might have an elevator, but I didn't see one). There's also a full bar, for your drinking needs. I'll go back!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,12/25/2013,29,46,4,7,7>I visited the Alley bar last night with my friends and had a great time. We arrived at about nine and there were only two other people in the place, but by ten the bar had almost completely filled up. The beer selection was good and there are multiple martini and cocktails to select from. I had a couple beers and was pleased with the selection and price: two craft beers for $11.Some of the other reviews mentioned the wait staff, and I can say that we had great service. Our first waitress was attentive without being pushy, and when she left our new waitress introduced herself and was the same. I appreciate that they did not ask to close the bill early. When we asked to cash out, the waitress split up the five people on the bill individually without even asking, which was splendid! There are a few televisions that were showing the baseball playoffs, and most people did not seem that engaged. Although I think you could try to watch a game here, there are other places in Ann Arbor that would be better. Overall, this is a terrific bar to socialize and I highly recommend it.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,12/24/2013,306,148,4,6,6>I'm not sure how much I can say about Zingerman's that has not already been said. It's reputation has preceded my visit by many years, and I finally went into the shop to enjoy a temporary foodgasm yesterday. It is the quintessential gourmet deli by which every deli should try to become. They have a selection of items from hyperlocal family farms to internationally-reknown brands. The bakery box had two charming young men there to help me decide between the cookies, bread, rugulach, or the bagels (coincidentally on Bagel Tuesday where they are buy 6, get 6 free).Everything is tastable. They will tear open packages for you to sample their wares. I had some delicious home-branded pumpkin butter with fresh baguette, sauces and tapenades, meats, cheeses, gelato, and more. I can't eat much in my tiny surgically-altered stomach, but I was quickly full to capacity on gourmet samples. It was a delicious experience.Parking is a bit of a beast in Kerrytown. The meters are few and far between, and I suggest that you put in coins for more time than you expect. I was in a hurry and easily spent 45 minutes before I realized it.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,12/23/2013,27,32,2,9,6>My boyfriend brought his 7 year old Russian Blue cat, Hunter, to Auburn Animal Hospital because he was interested in a kitten from the HS and needed proof of the elder's vaccines, neutering, etc. Even thought this was a strange request (Hunter had already been to the vet but the vet in Novi lost his records.. long story) the staff was super friendly and helpful and even offered to call the previous vet to inquire about him. Not only is the secretary very nice (she let us use a coupon, moved our appointment time when we couldn't get him in his carrier, etc) but the vet was awesome with Hunter who is notoriously EVIL with strangers. She definitely held her own while he was hissing, spitting, swinging and attempting to bite her during his physical. The second visit was significantly less awful, everyone catered to Hunter and we all left scar free (which is a testament to her ability because we couldn't even get him in the car). She also took time to answer our many questions about the kitten. Needless to say, we will be bringing the kitten there too! Ps. We love their on-staff cat, Dorito! He needs to teach Hunter a lesson on manners :)
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,12/22/2013,50,136,3,8,8>Ok, as promised I went back about a week ago to try out some of their non-pizza offerings.  I had a much better experience and would not recommend getting the pizza here...you can get much better pizza at other places in Detroit (cough, cough Supino's).  They've clearly worked out more of the kinks since their opening.  This time we got a specialty cocktails list (didn't order any because it was a Sunday night, but they looked varied and quite yummy) and a daily specials (did order the arancini off this--delicious).  My mom and I went for a bunch of small plates--all of which were good, even the beets, which is saying something, because I am not normally a fan of said root vegetable.  We again ordered the Nutella panini for dessert--it was slightly improved in presentation but I was more pleasantly surprised by the gelato--super-rich, smooth, and creamy. I would highly recommend trying whatever flavors are the specialty for the night.  And props to them for being open on Sunday night.  A lot of Detroit places don't stay open for Sunday evening, so I hope they get some extra business that reinforces their choice.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,12/21/2013,794,350,5,7,4>Arrrrgggg Ye Matie, I need some grub! Where's the wench?Okay, the reason for the piratese is because of the full size pirate statues and the deserted island theme. I was waiting for Johnny Depp to jump out or something. Enough about the decorations, on with the food and lunch experience. They have their daily lunch specials and on Monday they have the individual pizza, one topping AND three domestic beers for $5.00. I so wanted that but couldn't as I had to go back to work. So I ordered the french onion soup and half grilled cheese sandwich. The soup was pretty hot and good. Not too many onions but could have had a little more bread. The grilled cheese was good. Perfectly grilled and tasty. Even though I didn't have the pizza lunch special I did steal a slice from the other person I was there with. He had a special BBQ sauce and sausage and cheese pizza. This was real good.The waitress was great, always there fast and with a smile. The food was served quickly. The cook even came out and said hey. She also wanted to make sure she was making the pizza the way my buddy wanted.The bathroom, eww, tinkle before you go, it's a one seater. I'll definitely be going back for pizza and beer after work.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,12/20/2013,515,128,5,11,11>A little gem I'd never have found without help from my food friend. Really home style. Like, really. I'm not sure if the food is even made there, which is fine by me. The menu is verbal, and we kind of ordered everything available. Super tasty. The rice is really good, even the plain white rice- add the bean stew and it's in another level! Pork chops were available, so obviously I had to eat one. Yum!! Deep fried in what tasted like lard - so good. We sort of started copying the table near us and kept asking for whatever they ordered since it seemed like they knew what was up, and ended up with another pork dish bathed in a rich and well seasoned sauce. This was served with Spanish rice. I was really excited to indulge in a champagne cola, a rare treat. The man and woman running things were super friendly and welcoming. I'd totally come here for lunch again.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,12/19/2013,206,296,2,8,8>You are just awesome... Japanese Grocery Store and Sushi restaurant all in one. There is just sushi- no Chicken Katsu or other dishes.. just amazing Sushi and the people there are great.To DO:If you are eating in, seat yourself and make sure you order first/indicate you are dining in on your order sheet.The Michigan Roll-- this is a yesSpicy Tuna RollShrimp TempuraVeggie Roll (one of the best veggie rolls there is)And I always get a side of Spicy Mayo.Not a fan of the baked fish Dynamite though.If you have a craving for seaweed salad, you can buy it in the grocery store and bring it in. This place is always always packed, but well worth the wait.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,12/18/2013,71,306,4,9,8>I'm stuck because it really was a 4.5/5 experience.  For those of you who have eaten at Antonio's at numerous places around the Metro area, don't overlook Roman Village in SW Detroit/Dearborn as it is part of the Antonio's family.  Same menu and same quality.  BTW-If you're eating at Olive Garden, you are missing out on this Detroit-based gem.  The prices are the same or better.First the place is super clean and decor reminiscent of the Antonio's concept.  Lot's of tile!  It's cozy, comfortable and has become one of our favorite places to eat.  Service is friendly, attentive and quick without being over imposing.If you have read my reviews, you know kids' menus and pricing are important to us.  At Roman Village, the kids' menu is for kids 10 and under with everything priced at $5.95.  Now that's not the least expensive we have seen but the value for money simply doesn't compare to any restaurant we have ever eaten at.  Kids get 11 options to choose from:  pasta selections, pizza, and chicken fingers that include a bowl of soup (that could have been the meal in itself), the fresh bread basket and a beverage.  Kids could easily split one meal here or take a box home per child.  Ohhhhh, the bread.  I'll get that in a minute. The menu is expansive.  Appetizers, soup, salads, pasta-pasta-pasta (even a gluten-free option), subs, calzones, seafood and meat based dishes including Provimi veal.  Only one item on the menu exceeds $20.  We like to order a Misto Antonio Deluxe which is a meat and cheese tray and an entree to split.  I love the soup.  Only Deli Unique in West Bloomfield makes a better soup.  Yes sir, there is the bread.  It's non stop fresh, warm homemade rolls out of the oven.  Why more places don't serve warm bread is beyond me.  Watch yourself here or you will most certainly carbo-load and end up taking your entree home.Pasta is all made in house and it shows in it's taste and texture.  It is also my understanding that they make their fennel sausage as well.  Don't ask me how dessert is because I have never made it that far--ever!Only items that we felt keep this from a 5-star experience is that my wife was allowed to order chicken picatta instead of veal picatta and was charged the same price when veal is more expensive.  Further, the chicken breast was not breaded and fried but rather poached.  Weird.  She also noted to save your money on the Caesar salad up charge as the dressing is bottle dressing not homemade as told.  You can really tell the difference.  However, we see this as a mere bump in the road and know not to order this in the future.We had our rehearsal dinner at the Farmington Hills location but since our relocation to Hamtramck, we frequent this one instead.  If you're in SW Detroit and Mexican doesn't sound good at the moment, drive a mile further and consider Roman Village for a great, overall experience.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2013,12/17/2013,37,119,4,7,5>It was like pulling teeth, but my sister-in-law finally talked me into trying the Greek Specialty Pizza at Buddy's. OMG! It was the best pizza I have ever had! Who would know that feta takes on a whole new wonderful taste when it is melted on top of a pizza? I don't think I will ever order anything else at Buddy's. It was amazing. Our server, Renee, was very attentive to our needs. It took a little extra from her because I brought a friend who has celiac disease and everything had to be gluten free. She had her own gluten-free pizza and we learned that Buddy's house dressing is also gluten free. What a wonderful lunch!!! We're going to start going here more oftern. Renee brought us some coupons that are good for half off when we come again. I think Renee is the best server we've had so far. She was great and very knowledgable on menu items and gluten-free entrees.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2013,12/16/2013,63,73,4,7,5>Sometimes, the food doesn't tell the whole story of a place.  There's just so much going on here, so many interesting reasons to come back.  Here's just a sampling of cool features:- They have outdoor seating, on a nice section of Washington St.- They serve a seafood-oriented brunch on the weekends, complete with Bloody Mary bar- They brew their (very interesting) beers in-house, including seasonal varieties, and they give descriptions of the brewing process for each one- They have monthly beer and wine events, including trips around the state, as part of the beer and wine "clubs"- They have a ton of daily specials that keep the menu fresh- They do a nice happy hour- They have a chalkboard where people can leave free drink notices for other patrons- They have a number of interesting design features, including cool custom-made metalworked fish and a couple live fish tanks- They have TONS of space in the back with plenty of room for big groupsAnd the food itself is very good if you stick with the seasonal specials and straight-forward stuff.  Get the smoked salmon mousse crostini appetizer, or the cracker crusted whitefish (w/lemon dill aioli) entree, and you'll be happy.  Just keep it simple, and keep with their strengths (i.e. fresh fish).This is one of the few places in Royal Oak that is actually MORE than the sum of its parts.  Beer dinners, wine tastings, brewery trips, seasonal specials, classes, events...it's a nice change from the usual look-at-me pace of the area.  I've been coming here periodically for so long now that it's just never occured to review it, but Lily's is definitely worth the trip if you look beyond just the menu.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2013,12/15/2013,188,247,,13,5>A new restaurant!  DJ's Smokehouse and Grill opened just last week and they hoping to make it work in Ypsi by making reasonably priced (bordering on cheap) upscale grilled and smoked dishes with fresh, locals products.First up is Poutine!  Poutine you say?  Fries with gravy and cheese curds. Slightly on the wet side but thy just means there is lots of extra gravy to go with the rest of the meals. Kids meals of popcorn chicken and burgers are very substantial. The burger was large enough for an adult!On to the main courses. Although I'd love to try the ribs the two things that caught our eye were off the sandwich and burgers menu.  First up was DJ's BBQ Burger deluxe. 1/4 lb of beef topped with brisket, pulled pork, bacon, cheese, and coleslaw!... wow. If you check out the photos, you'll see that this is truly a "man-sized" burger. The combination of flavors between the bacon, pork, brisket, and burger is really something that needs to be experienced. The brisket was well smoked and salty, but seemed slightly dry, although very tender. Second on the order was the Grilled Cheese Bacon Burger, which is basically a burger with bacon between two full grilled cheese sandwiches. Once again, a very different taste from what were used to finding in this neck of the woods. We cut both of our burger in half and shared. I have to admit that I was stuffed when I tried to finish off the homemade fries and potato chips on my plate. Do I have any minor gripes ... sure... 1. Straw was too short for the water glass2. Fries were slightly soggyFor a restaurant that's only been open for 1 week, these are minor gripes. What I liked: 1. Good and inventive burgers2. Very good portions for kids meals3. Fresh ingredients for everything4. Homemade everything (fries, slaw, spinach and artichoke dip, chips)5. Meat was smoked just right6. Happy and courteous staff, which is something you don't see much in restaurants around here7. Cute eating area and they've done the best they can with the outside of the building. Yelpers... please check out this restaurant. They deserve to be seen and tasted. Make your own decisions, but I think this is the start of something big in Ypsilanti. This may become my goto place in the area when I'm really hungry.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2013,12/14/2013,91,30,9,8,7>The best chicken shawarma.If you think like me, chicken shawarma is a gamble that usually ends in DRY.Not here.  Get it on a pita, get it on a salad, get it on a plate... choose your delivery mechanism... but, just get it!  You'll thank me later.Hamido is a busy little neighborhood diner in the middle of the Dearborn Arab community (one of the largest outside the middle east).  Authentic for sure.This is one of my favorite lunch spots.Shukran Hamido!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,12/13/2013,259,404,3,8,7>Excellent furniture, antique, and home oddity finds, pricey, but great eye candy.The two dudes running the joint were both very kind in their welcome and introduction to the shop that's been open for just a few weeks now. They've scrupulously hand-picked the wares that get sold here making for a pretty great melange of curios, old furniture, and unique decor. I saw a stand-alone bar with cocktail set, a lot of low-lying deck chairs, some art, shelves and display cases, antique writing desks, glassware, mirrors, a few lamps... there's also a googly-eye George Washington portrait that might have been the highlight.  A relatively small space, they do a masterful job of cramming it with a lot to pour over and ogle. I found the prices a little steep, but you're all probably familiar with my frugality and low-tax-bracket chafing by now, so if you're freely romping through the ballroom of conspicuous consumption, this place will surely delight and I bet you'll find that the prices are reasonable. I heard them mention to someone else that they hope to make use of the smaller sized display room to turn their stock over quickly - so it might be worth a few repeat visits if you don't see what you want on a first go.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2013,12/12/2013,30,139,2,4,5>Yet another yummy place to eat and drink in Ferndale. Although the food is solid, the atmosphere is the best part. It's beautiful. Kind of reminds me of something you would find in an old, once grand, train station. It has a very cool vibe. As for the food, some sandwiches are better than others. The best two I've had are the PH burger with the lentil patty, and the braised brisket on brioche. The hushpuppies with maple butter and the fried green onions with lemon salt were delicious as well. The Bahn Mi boasted more flavor than it gave and the pork belly sandwich was just ok as well. I sipped a Stella cocktail and the hubby had a beer. We haven't tried the fried chicken sandwich yet, but we'll probably try that next time along with the delicious PH Burger and brisket sandwich. I still think Imperial beats this place, but they are great sister restaurants to have in Ferndale.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,12/11/2013,54,111,3,5,5>I've been meaning to try this place out for ages and recently was just able to. I was always running into Tiger's game traffic so it was a bit nuts. We went here as a group from work with a few sig. others after we had dinner in Mexicantown. Our server knew his stuff and was really patient explaining the brews to those of us who had not been there before. I don't like beer all that much but my husband and the others who had the beer had nothing but good things to say about them. I enjoyed a martini which was nice and smooth. We also got dessert, I have to go back for dinner as I hear it's awesome, and it easily (strawberry shortcake I think) fed 3-4 of us. The TV's had great sports on (the Tigers were out of town and we won!) and we didn't feel like our server was trying to rush us out and turn the table over. We walked over from Greektown and took the people mover back so you can get there even from that part of town, although there is parking nearby but I'm pretty sure it's a pay lot. Anyways if you're in town and like beer, especially microbrews, try out DBC.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,12/10/2013,77,274,1,8,8>The early days of a new restaurant are kind of like your freshman year of college. You may have a vague notion of where you want to go when you graduate, but that notion can change entirely over time. FDBC is a place I've been meaning to check out for months, and once I finally found the time walk in the door I could see it was still a work in progress. But it's off to a pretty good start.Warren has kind of surprisingly become the hub for good microbreweries in this area, and while Falling Down has some good beers it doesn't have that long list of great beers you generally see from Warren brewers. Currently, there were four beers on tap, and they were something of a mixed bag. The best of the bunch was the Summer, which tasted like your usual summer wheat beer on steroids (7.8% ABV). It had all the smoothness and hints of citrus, but it didn't feel as watered down as most others in this genre. The Cherry Blonde was another pleasant surprise. Normally, I'm not a fan of cherry beers, but this one is an exception to the rule. The Campfire Brown was also pretty solid, but it seemed more like good homebrew rather than good microbrew. It was unfiltered, and had the look of chocolate milk but had a solid flavor. They've also made a hybrid of the Cherry Blonde and the Brown dubbed the Cherry Brunette which works well. The Mild was far and away the most disappointing of the four beers. It had solid flavor, but at 3% ABV it's not quite as strong as three-two beer and tasted more watery than the Utah Microbrew I had in 2007 when they weren't allowed to push past that barrier. Obviously, it lived up to its name of Mild, but it could be really something if they pushed it up to 4%.Where FDBC exceeds the other Warren breweries though is in the food department. Granted, Falling Down is the only one of the three that seems to be trying here. This is a major benefit as the woman won't go with me to the other two Warren breweries because there isn't anything to eat. The bartender also spoke of plans to remove the old diner booths and replace them with high top tables in the next month so the place feels more pub like. All in all, Falling Down Brewing Company is still experimenting, but it looks like their experiments are going to pay off.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,12/9/2013,60,131,7,9,10>So I go to Seeburgers to grab a bite to eat and on the way there I walk by this place I hadn't seen open before on the corner and it just beckoned me in... well, after I ate some sliders, that is. ;)I went to a couple of the other bars and everything was dead on a Sunday when football was on.  I couldn't imagine why, until I ducked into Three Blind Mice.  Everyone was here.  Bar: Packed.  Tables: To Capacity.  Me: Standing and looking at the enormous amount of Craft Beer they have on tap and perched right in front of me, A BEER BIBLE.  Not a Beer Pamphlet, not a Beer Flyer, but a Bible.  Not just beer either, wine and different kinds of rarefied liquors that you can go to town on.So needless to say, a 1 hour post slider digestive turned into a 5 hour tour of some of the best beer i've had the pleasure to have poured by the lovely and knowledgeable staff.  Yeah, they pretty much built this bar just for me, so i'll be here.. often. Come by and have a few!
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2013,12/7/2013,67,331,3,7,6>yay my favorite place to study! i'm here at least once a week and it's a little farther than i like to travel for a study spot, but has been worth it every time. i've had various drinks here from - rooibos iced, jasmine green, americano, and others - and i've yet to be disappointed. i'm not a huge coffee snob though, so maybe that doesn't mean much.the food is hit or miss. i've had an amazing peach bourbon muffin that i will always remember, a terrible pumpkin cornbread muffin that was terrible, a delicious little creamy custard tart, an ambitious but dry and crumbly pear cardamom scone, a buttery but could be flakier croissant with some of the best jam ever, and probably lots of other treats i'm forgetting. oh and i had a sandwich here once - a vegan banh mi - that was surprisingly good for what it was (still would rather have the real thing).the tables are a little wobbly, but i don't mind that. it's stuffy inside, but now that it's cold, it actually feels really nice. there's a little nook by the window if you want some serious alone-in-public time. i fell asleep on one of the soft chairs once and woke up still really comfortable. the music is always soothing and i love it even though i don't know most of it. the bathroom is super clean.and everyone here is so so super nice. i think eliza is the girl i usually get, not really sure if that's her name. but she is really great, always makes you feel welcome,  as does everyone else i've come across here, but also goes out of her way to make your time there beautiful. i'm so happy to have this place!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/6/2013,20,141,5,9,7>The first step is admitting you have a problem.I admit, I have a problem. I love Greek food...and I'm Irish! No 12 step program for me, I'm not willing to give up my addiction!!!Golden Fleece isn't a fancy place but the food is amazing. I've never had a bad meal here...since 1991, I've been a customer. They have the best gyros, soulvaki and rice.  It's my stop before every RedWings game, auto show, and even after the Detroit Marathon. Don't be too impressed, I only did the 5k ;)It can be busy, hectic and crowded...all worth it to get your fix of the best greek food in Greektown.Enjoy...Opa!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,12/5/2013,190,319,,8,5>Midtown is growing and there is a new shoe store in the area. I found them on social media and followed them from their opening. What's cool about Run Detroit? Well, one of the co-owners has a medical background and both are runners. Who better to help you get fitted for a running shoe then someone who runs and has a background in orthopedics. I went in to get a new shoe as my old pair were not the best for my type of arch. Mind you I had visited another running shoe store to get fitted for them. Run Detroit is different. I went in this evening and Justin spent about 45 minutes walking me through the process of choosing a good running shoe for the support I need. I tried on at least 7 different shoes with his guidance and walked away with a pair that provide the support I need. I was blown away by the level of service and his knowledge of the problems I had. It was well worth the visit compared to buying a pair of shoes from a big box store without assistance in a proper fit. It is so important to have a good fit in a shoe and worth the cost. I have bought cheap shoes and my back paid for it. I've tried expensive shoes that were not the right support which left my pockets and feet in pain. I am confident in my shoe purchase and will go back when I need a new pair. In addition to selling running shoes and apparel, they hold a group run every Saturday at 8am rain or shine. There is a have 3, 6 and 10 mile route option for runners, walkers, and in-between. I am participating in the Couch to 5k run group to prepare for the Mustache Dache in November. I am actually excited after getting properly fitted for a running shoe.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,12/4/2013,29,146,,15,4>Stopped by to eat at the recently opened place from chef Paul Grosz of Cuisine fame.  Took over the location of the old Zazio's downtown Birmingham which had overstayed its welcome.Total floor to ceiling renovation was nicely done.  There's a semi casual bar area in front with a more elaborate white tablecloth seating area towards the back.  There's also a series of private dining rooms, including a very nice one in the wine cellar.They have an interesting looking menu to dig into with a series of smaller apps, soups and salads as well as some quite expensive entrees.  They also have a full on vegetarian menu with 7-8 choices that looked pretty good if you're into that sort of thing.Being a lover of animal protein, I sprang for a few small plates to get a sense of what they had to offer.  Tried the lobster bisque (excellent rendition), duck cassoulet (not a fan), and short rib over polenta (flat out delicious).  Also tried the somewhat deconstructed caesar salad which was tasty, but not 10 dollars tasty.Dessert of chocolate and hazelnut with banana ice cream was very good.  Had a fantastic cocktail in the Maple Woodward, and they've got a nice sized wine list to choose from.Service was professional and showed a good knowledge of the menu despite being open for less than a week.All in all, a little on the pricey side and some dishes that were mostly hits.  I would compare it most closely to it's across the street neighbor in Forest Grill, but it's got some work to do to attain that level.I'll be back.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2013,12/3/2013,120,190,3,6,4>This is a very popular breakfast/brunch spot with an underrated lunch.  A small corner shop on Woodward, there is usually a little line, but I have never waited more than 15 minutes and have been able to walk in with no wait.  For me I always end up with an egg dish for breakfast regardless of where I go.  I can oh and ah over a Nutella Crepe or lick my lips over German Pancakes but I always end up with some egg on my face.  Literally, I am sort of a messy eater, but I digress.  Luckily for me The Fly Trap has two sections, "All Things Eggs" & "Omelettes" that give me a nice selection (12 dishes) to choose from.  If we run into each other here there is a good chance one of the next three dishes will be sitting in front of me, (with a little portion on my face): Red Flannel Hash - Hot spiced beef brisket, potatoes, beets, onions and two eggs.  Huevos Rancheros - Two eggs, crispy flour tortilla, black beans, Jack cheese, jalapeños, pico de gallo and sour cream.  B.L.A.T.+C. - Pepper bacon, spinach, avocado, tomato & cheddar.  A quick aside:  their lunch food doesn't get as much praise, but it should.  The 3 Cheese & Mac with Cheddar, Smoked Gouda & Blue cheese with Cavatappi pasta, caramelized onions and herbs is a great dish to spilt with someone.To RecapThe Good: A great mix of fresh twists on breakfast plates that works.  There are even a few stand-bys for that one non-adventurous eater in your group, you know who you are.  The Fly Trap has a great local feel to it and the people watching is second only to the specials which rotate as they run out.The Bad:  It is a little small, if you don't want to wait or it is raining, bring an umbrella. The Band This Restaurant Most Resembles: Sly & The Family Stone.  The right mix of rock, funk and soul.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,12/2/2013,137,360,4,6,5>After dining at Polonia and Polish Village Cafe, I pretty much figured Detroit was devoid of decent Polish food. But low and behold, here is a place whose pierogi I stand by. The pierogi are definitely the saving grace of this restaurant. So let me save them for last. The not-so-highlights of this establishment include the ever-present mustiness of cigarette smoke (even post-smoking ban) and decor that goes beyond kitsch. You might also be the only person in the gigantic bar and dining room area, even at 6pm on a week day. Music ranges from "margaritaville" to motown which had me cringing and crooning respectively. Looking at the menu, I was hoping for more 'a la carte' items. I always have my staple of things I order: pickle soup, beet soup, dumplings, cabbage rolls, and cucumber salad. They were out of zupa ogorkowa (damn it all), and I didn't see miseria on the menu. But I did get the ukranian soup. It had a hefty skin of grease on top and it wasn't as peppery, sharp, or strong as I like my barszcz to be. It was ok. The side of pickle was surprising good despite its unnatural yellow-green color, with a strong flavor of caraway. The golabek (stuffed cabbage) was also average. But the pierogi really made me happy. I got the whole mix of stuffings and each one made me raise an eyebrow with pleased surprise. The meat in particular is flavorful, not greasy, and almost fluffy, just the way I like it. The sauerkraut is flavorful and not too runny. And the potato and cheese was creamy. The dough is really tasty, though I would prefer just a little less of it (the crimped parts get dry). I got these puppies boiled as I normally do, but they also offer them fried with onions, and also with bacon (welcome to 'merica). I ended up taking three dozen frozen pierogi home (for $16 total, not bad). I wish I could get some television show to come and give this place a badly needed remodel because nothing about the interior makes me want to come back to dine-in. I will, however, put this on my list for places to re-up on my pierogi stash.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/1/2013,148,80,6,14,12>Whoops.... there goes all my grocery money!!Now that Bistro Joe's has opened, I now have zero motivation to do any grocery shopping at all when I am at Papa Joe's. I can't help but gaze wistfully up at the second floor and wonder why I am wheeling around a shopping cart loaded with foodstuffs that will never amount to anything remotely as delightful as what that cute little restaurant can whip together given the same ingredients. The bill at the end of the day may be a few times more than what would have been rung up at the check-out counter, but it's also magnitudes tastier and also, surprisingly, the most creatively presented out of any restaurant around the D. Between the boyfriend and I, we've tried almost all of the appetizers, or "snacks" as they are labeled, off the menu. All of them were absolutely FANTASTIC, but our favorites were the shrimp and grits, peaches & diver scallops, and the foie. The salmon entree served on a charred mesquite board was devilishly tasty, and the nicoise salad was very delicious as well. The chef clearly has mad talent and has trained in some distinguished restaurants outside of this state, because all of the dishes we tried were calibers above the "New American" fare we've found in Michigan. To top it off, as if the food wasn't enough, Bistro Joe's also boasts a list of equally as creative craft cocktails and martinis to drown your sub-par cooking sorrows in. You can partake in all of this while sitting on the second floor above the produce section, overlooking the sorry masses still attempting to eek out a passable dinner and call it gourmet... while you yourself have given up. I don't know how in the world Papa Joe's snagged such a talented executive chef for Bistro Joe's, but if he (she?) starts revamping the pre-prepared food on the first floor too, the destruction of my grocery budget will be complete!
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2013,11/30/2013,107,357,,7,6>Of all the casinos in Detroit, I find Greektown to be the best. They have a huge variety of slots, which are all I ever play when I visit. Plus, they have a huge FREE parking lot that I may or may not utilize while visiting other establishments downtown.The smoking doesn't bother me as much here as it does in the other two Detroit casinos. I attribute that to their airy layout and high ceilings. And they have a smoke-free slot area! It's small but it's considerate.There are free drink stations located throughout where you can get your fill of free pop, coffee and water.I stayed at the hotel one time and was impressed with the experience. We checked in kind of late and I asked if they had any good rooms with a view left. The check-in assistant said that because it was so late, they didn't have any nicer-view rooms, but gave my husband and I free breakfast buffet passes to make up for it.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,11/29/2013,219,1029,3,8,5>This is my first hair cut in Michigan since moving here 2 years ago. I usually get my hair cut whenever I go home to San Francisco. This year I haven't had much time to go home and I desperately needed a hair cut. I looked on yelp and found this place. It has a lot of good reviews. Gotta trust yelp. First off it was an extremely hot day and they had a variety of refreshments you can have. I downed an entire glass of water during the 5 minute wait I had in the waiting area. John called my name and I followed him to get my hair washed. He gave me a nice head massage which was nice since I had been studying for my boards for the last 5 months and then he preceded to complement me on my thick luscious hair. Aww thanks! He got me a cup of tea and gave me my usual hair cut. I told him about my aspirations of one day being daring and trying a perm. He was truthful with me and said that it would be a bad idea since my hair is so thick. We also had a lovely conversation about how he met his wife at this salon! How romantic!Hair wash, head massage, hair cut, and pleasant conversation = ~$42 I thought this was a great deal considering I was paying about the same back home but I usually don't get my hair washed, get a massage, and drink as much tea and water as I please. I will be back!
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,11/28/2013,54,116,4,9,7>OMG.  I'm 50% Polish.  So I KNOW how much I love starch and cheese and all that good awesome stuff that comes with Old Fashioned cooking.So how the heck did I never come here?  It's like good-old-fashioned cooking without having to hear Busia lecturing me on why I'm not married and all that other political stuff.  I chose the Polish combination plate along with dill pickle soup.  Which had me so full. The prices are second to none.  The food is seriously awesome and the service is quick.  My son (the flirt) told the waitress his birthday was coming up with got us a complimentary dessert.  DELISH!  We will be back.  Hell, now that I am writing this I want to go back now!
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2013,11/27/2013,376,267,,9,7>What a happy addition to the brewery family. The space is beautifully done. It has a very easy, casual feel- (even for Birmingham ;) )  The rolling garage doors overlooking a biergarten type patio give it a very European feeling. I think this is the first place to actually feel like a biergarten in Michigan. They even have the gravel & shared bench seating like in the biergartens of Germany. Inside, the bench seating style is carried on and they have a bar that has a glass wall that looks onto the big metal drums of the brew house itself. The service was good and the food was tasty. I wouldn't say it's the most amazing culinary experience ever, but it was definitely a step up from your standard pub fare. I had the Creole Shrimp Bucket. Everything comes in a bucket (they weren't kidding when they said "bucket") with corn on the cob, shrimp & spicy andouille sausage. The flavors were pretty nice but overall it was far too salty. I was surprised how spicy this dish was, pleasantly so. I really like spicy dishes and this wasn't apologizing for it! Ha. My husband had the Applewood Smoked Bacon Grilled Cheese & really enjoyed it. The fries were tasty, too and very crispy. Overall, we were pleased with our food selections, just don't expect anything mind blowing!The BEERS! I was eager to try a variety of different brews so I got a flight. Here's the list: Belgian Wit, Platinum Blonde Lager, Rojo Red & a Brown ale. The winner, by far, was the Belgian Wit. The rest were pretty good, but the Belgian Wit and Brown ales were both really tasty. My husband had the Raggedy Ass IPA and I liked that, too. IPA's aren't really my thing, though. I'd go back for the Wit. For the biergarten atmosphere, alone I will be back! I'm very pleased with this new brewery option in my area. Welcome to the club, Griffin Claw!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2013,11/26/2013,267,274,,15,8>Pizza Pizza and more Pizza!!!!I feel like that is kind of the theme in Royal Oak right now. On every block you can pretty much find a pizza place. Thin crust, thick crust, greasy. You pretty much have your pick.I work in Downtown Royal Oak and always get super excited when a new place opens up shop. Blaze is in day #2 of business and needed to check it out!Everyone is SUPER friendly. I don't know if this is just because they are new but I was loving the fabulous attitudes. Blaze sort of works like a Chipotle of Pizza. You pick what you want and move on down the line. A simple pizza is 5 bucks. Want to load your pizza up with every topping on the planet? - that will cost you $6.95. Once you are done making your pizza masterpiece - your pizza is tossed in a "blazing" hot oven and is done pretty much before you can fill your cup up with their delicious blood orange lemonade. There is nothing more that I like in life then a good thin crust pizza with little bits of burnt crispy dough - and this is exactly what I got. My pizza was delicious. All the toppings were super fresh (and there was so many to choose from). People were nice. Overall an awesome lunch trip.I have to say I am very happy to have Blaze within walking distance to me. I can pretty much assume that I will quickly become a regular...now where is my punch card!?!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,11/25/2013,22,5,5,10,10>Hot dogs at their finest! I've been reading reviews of this place and frantically craving hot dogs. I finally stopped in for the first time yesterday around 6 for dinner with my parents who were visiting from Saginaw. Generally the three of us have very different tastes in food but this place was a hit all around. My parents both ordered root beer floats. I've never been a soda drinker myself but even I liked the couple of tastes I had of these floats! They were huge and my parents did end up drinking all of there's but they decided they probably could have split just one. See the photo I added- You get a fairly large cup of the float itself and the rest of the glass bottle of Stewart's brand root beer on the side (which is around a third of the bottle. The float is packed thick with ice cream). I don't think any of us had ever heard of Stewart's but I just googled it and it was created in the 20s in Ohio by a school teacher who set out to create the "world's creamiest, best tasting root beer". (See here for their history- stewartsrestaurantsinc.c). My parents liked it so much they were discussing whether they could find it at Meijer or back home. No idea what kind of ice cream they used but it was also amazing. My dad who is not a big ice cream fan really liked the flavor and texture. Now on to the dogs! We stood at the counter debating what to order for the longest time. We must not be alone in this since the woman at the counter (who is also the one to bring your food to you/ the waitress) just smiled and told us to take our time. My mom went with the Manhattan, my dad the D, and I got the Chicago. For your review reading pleasure (okay honestly for the pleasure of my own taste buds!) I tried a bite of each of their dogs too. Each of our choices had the same type of hot dog in them. They were cooked just right with the perfect crisp casing when you bit in. The buns themselves tasted nicely warm and toasted and fresh. The Manhattan dog is piled high with fried onions and mustard. When it was brought to the table it smelled amazing. My mom enjoyed it and as an onion and mustard lover, I was over the moon with my bite. I would absolutely come back and order this one myself. The D is the quintessential Detroit style coney. It is likely not going to be your first choice at this restaurant since who hasn't had plenty of coneys, right? But this truly was one of the best coneys I've ever tasted and my dad really enjoyed it. As mentioned above the hot dog and bun were served just right and on a coney, I think that's a big part of what makes a good one. My dad really liked the chilly and the onions and mustard ratio was done well. You could taste them both but also really enjoy the chili. This was definitely a superbly done coney. My least favorite though still quite good was the Chicago dog, the one I ordered. My mom was mystified by the bright green relish and it was a bit too sweet for my tastes. Others have mentioned the tomatoes weren't that good but I must have come on a good day because I found them to be quite fresh and while they weren't the most flavorful they definitely did add a nice taste to my dog. I loved the poppy seed bun and the nice fresh pickles that I'm pretty sure are McClure's. I did take the peppers off but did try a bit of one. I just don't do that type of heat and think it'd have taken away from the taste of everything else but that's just my own opinion. Others mentioned the dog falling through the bun and mine also did but not until the last few bites but it wasn't a problem to me. I am however torn on how to rate this dog. It was good and different to me. I know I'm a big fan of onions with my dogs and after trying my parents choices I probably would've preferred either of theirs to mine. The relish ended up a bit sickeningly sweet to me near the end yet I still finished my dog. It was good. But maybe not the best choice for me. I would absolutely recommend trying it. Personally of the three dogs the Chicago ranked bottom for me. It just wasn't amazing the way the Manhattan and D were but still a nice dog.My mom also had the pickle on a stick. She's a new McClure's convert and she enjoyed it. I did a side of Canadian slaw. It had a very fresh taste and a nice crunch. Its not one of those flaws that is drowning in dressing and a sloggy mess. It wasn't what I was hoping for in a slaw either but I really did like it. My mom said she preferred her slaw sweeter when she tried it but my dad seemed to like his taste and I really enjoyed it. I'd recommend it as long as you go in expecting it to be different than the slaws you might be used to. Next time I definitely want to try the Chicago slips. Overall this was a great meal. The three of us had a nice filling dinner for $20. That's pretty darn good. I want to try everything on the menu! I bet you will too.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,11/24/2013,250,197,2,9,5>This was one of the first restaurants I discovered after moving to AA - but continues to be a favorite for a picnic lunch on their patio (on a nice day) or a take-home dinner when I'm feeling lazy. My favorite thing about EAT is that the ingredients and the meals are all FRESH, and mostly local and seasonal as well. The menu items are interesting, pretty healthy, and always yummy. The menu changes seasonally, along with daily/weekly specials. It's a short menu but you're guaranteed to find something you'll like. Plenty of great options for vegetarians and meat-eaters alike. And, they'll expose you to a variety of not-so-common (i.e. totally underrated) ingredients and food combinations.Some hits: - My boyfriend LOVES the' Sloppy Yousef' (basically a Greek/lamb take on a Sloppy Joe)- My go-to is the roasted veggie salad with a scoop of grilled chicken salad on top. Fresh greens, goat cheese, om-nom-nom-y roasted veggies and tangy house dressing. The chicken salad is a fresher, lighter version of the original - look ma, no mayo!- Friends have raved about the baked mac and cheese- Forget what you know about "potato salad." When they have it, the sweet potato salad will rock your standard salad's face right off.No misses to date, but there are some dishes best suited for lovers of those ingredients - I love the 'beans and greens,' for example, but pickier eaters not so much...Top your meal off with a homemade cookie and a seltzer and you're good to go!Bonus points for: friendly (and funky) staff, as well as compostable cutlery and containers. Watch out: only 1 table and bar seating - you're better off making a picnic out of it or bringing it home.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2013,11/23/2013,101,117,4,10,9>This place must be one on the most romantic spots in Detroit. I came here for restaurant week sept 2013 with my girlfriend. We were seated rite by the window in front of the gorgeous fountain.I order Mushroom Ragout in a Phyllo Purse as my 1st course. it was very good.  I loved the crust and sauce it came with. My girlfriend ordered the shrimp bisque soup, which was rich and full of flavor. My second course was the Cedar Plank Salmon which was a very large piece, it was tender and juicy. I only wish that it was smaller with some kind of side. My friend ordered the Duck Leg Confit with Sweet Thai Chili, this was good,  it was spicy which she did not care for but I am a spice person so I enjoyed the Asian inspiration.The coconut rice that it was paired with was delightful. There was not a lot of options for dessert.  We both had the Apple Galette I am not a huge apple pie person but I really enjoyed this. The ice cream on top was really creamy I loved it. They also gave us a coupon for a free bottle of wine to use in the next 30 days which I though was a wonderful touch. The service was 5 star . I would come back agian for a romantic evening for sure.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,11/22/2013,107,385,2,6,4>You can't beat a small, non-chain, neighborhood convenience store. Especially one that carries all kinds of random stuff in addition to the staples and a fantastic selection of quality meats. Knights is the kind of place where you can go, see what's fresh, and then pick up whatever accoutrements you may need to complete a meal. Cheeses, sauces, beverages, and more. It's all here.The location doesn't look like a shop so if you're new to the area or coming from out of town you might miss it. But it's right by the bakery with the cool artwork on the street (lots of wire).Parking is in the private lot but if it were to be full you could easily park on the street.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2013,11/21/2013,70,153,4,9,6>HOO-BABY!!!  Hungry?  Do yourself a favor and head to this place right now!  Went here tonight for dinner on a whim and am now rejoicing.   Stepping out of the car on a recent Saturday evening, we were greeted by wonderful Motown hits played by a friendly dj set up outside.  The music floated into the restaurant as we dined, adding much to the experience!The inside is cozy and welcoming with comfy chairs and a huge painted mural of Bourbon Street.  Very pleasant, though lower light in the evening would be really nice.We were immediately greeted, seated, and served by a personable guy who was so knowledgeable and gracious I thought he was the owner!  I had the lemonade infused with fresh fruit-incredibly tasty!  I was shocked as our guy came to refill my glass time and time again.  Why, thank you!What a menu.  Again I was blown away!  Creative and complete, I struggled a bit with choosing.  But here came our amazing server with the perfect suggestions! The food was nothing short of OUT O' THIS WORLD!!  Portions are large, meats and fishes are moist and prepared to perfection.  It's a bit pricey, but this kind of eatin' is well worth it.  Everything here is prepared with care and expertise.  Even the sides are to die for...baked Mac & cheese like my southern granny used to make, served up hot from the oven!  My man got the Catfish Pontchartrain, a mountain of catfish fillets atop dirty rice and covered with crawfish etoufee, and it was delectable!  My blackened catfish and herbed chicken platter made me want to run out onto Crocker and scream to passers-by how delicious it was.  The whole experience was an absolute pleasure!  Will be back again and again.  They open early on some days and have a breakfast menu too!
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2013,11/20/2013,0,73,5,7,6>Let me start this by saying I felt like a kid playing dress up when I was at the Chop House.  I'm a 23 year old grad student; not really the typical patron here, so keep that in mind with my review.Starting with the service.  The server was friendly, but maintained a professional air.  I'm sure my boyfriend and I looked as much like kids playing dress up as we felt, but nobody ever treated us like we were.  Food was brought out promptly, and our water glasses were always full.  We did hear at least three things get dropped that night, though.  It doesn't phase me if you hear one thing dropped at a restaurant, since it's bound to happen on occasion, but three times in one night?  Seems a little off...The food was delicious.  The filet was the best I've had, though that probably isn't saying too much.  The potatoes au gratin are supposed to be a classic or something, and they were definitely good, but ridiculously hard to serve.  More ways for me to make a fool of myself while trying to look nice.  We didn't get dessert, but were given two complimentary truffles for our anniversary, which was greatly appreciated.  I definitely want to go to La Dolce Vita one of these days, but preferably when I'm not already stuffed.I'm not giving a full five stars because nothing really wowed me more than I was expecting.  Maybe I'm just being nitpicky, but I had expected higher quality steak knives.  Is it really too much to ask for a forged steak knife at the nicest steak house in town?  Overall, I'd only come here on a rare occasion due to the prices (or birthday because of the discount), but it definitely left a good impression.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,11/19/2013,85,105,,9,5>My husband and I recently got married at Greenmead.The ceremony was in the chapel and the reception was in the Alexander Bluehouse (which is yellow, not blue :)).Everything went perfect and seamlessly with the nice ladies they have on their event staff.The 2 ladies assisting with the ceremony knew where to help and when to step back and it would not have been successful without them.The 2 ladies helping with the reception were also helpful, but at the same time I wish they were a little more involved.  i.e. I had to get up from eating dinner and search for them to turn down the thermostat- 80+ people in an enclosed room when its the middle of July can get pretty hot! That's me being picky.The grounds and gardens are gorgeous, and Maureen the event planner is very accessible, professional, and helpful.  She was always available to answer my silliest of  questions and was definitely the calm in the storm leading up to the wedding.I would recommend Greenmead as a wedding venue for any bride to be looking to have a small intimate wedding.ALSO- check out their event calenders on their website. They always have seasonal flea markets where you are bound to find something you love!
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2013,11/18/2013,250,223,,9,5>This is my all-time favorite ice cream place. Old-school ice cream shop vibe, and massive portions for the $$. I usually get the "baby" size, which is one huge scoop of ice cream. I've never gotten past the "child" size, which is two scoops. And the flavors are excellent. My all-time favorite is key lime pie, and order it nearly every time I'm there -- graham cracker crust with whipped cream and key lime swirl in lime mousse ice cream. Another favorite is banana pudding -- banana ice cream swirled with marshmallow creme and vanilla cookies.  They only take cash, so keep that in mind when you go.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,11/17/2013,504,642,12,13,14>This little Yelper went to Eastern Market,And this little Yelper got pig,And this little Yelper tried Vietnamese chicken,And my god, get the lamb and fig.And juniper and garlic, red mole turkey, and apple sage OMNOMNOMNOM all the way home.Pork heaven awaits in the freezers and the sample trays at Corridor Sausage Company. My beau's eyes light up whenever he catches a glimpse of their stall at Eastern Market, a humble whiteboard identifying today's temptations ready to kibosh any earlier dinner plans. Sausages are sold in packages of four for $6 to $12, depending on your preference in a flavourful parade that strongly represents more spiced and zippy varieties. Truly, the sausage scions are some kind of wizards in the kitchen, coming up with pairings meant to knock your socks off. Vietnamese chicken gives a powerful kick without overpowering the palate, a perfect option for a hot summer night or a cold winter evening along with a side of rice and grilled veggies. Juniper and garlic never, ever goes wrong. It's a taste of the north country that somehow captures a bit of smokiness and clean water, among my favourites. Lamb and fig explores a combination of sweet and savory in ways that I never expected to work, and yet does. I'm sparing with my purchases because a few packages of this and that can quickly rack up the costs, but it's well worth the occasional indulgence. Otherwise, I'd gain 50 pounds easily enough. I can wax on about the fresh ingredients, the inventive and truly delicious arrangements, and the excellent presentation of their sausages and brats. But I'll let the other Yelp reviews stand in and add my voice to the chorus: they're a wonderful, delicious company. I haven't found one flavour that went wrong. Corridor Sausage delights in providing samples to try and information about their products, including sources for herbs, meats, and everything in between. They pride themselves on offering Michigan foods and local products, which I wholeheartedly support.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,11/16/2013,398,356,5,7,7>I have found a new obsession and it is this place. I find Hot Taco in my thoughts constantly. Whether it's their chorizo soft taco, the mouthwatering fish taco, or the shrimp taco (the Holy Grail of Tacos)- it's always at the top of my mind. And the chips and salsa ain't nothin to balk at either. Plus, it's cheesy, but you gotta love the fruity sodas in the glass bottles. It just sets the whole mood in place.And let's face it, they're just delicious. I'm constantly talking myself out of driving down there. So my review comes with a warning- beware, it's addictive! My only complaint is that they do not serve alcohol. But that's not enough to deter me in any way. Just go here, thank me later.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,11/14/2013,150,273,10,9,7>WOW! I've been avoiding this place, due to the long waits, but couldn't do it any longer. We arrived around 5 p.m. and were told it would be a 1 h 15 m wait. We waited about 35 minutes, which wasn't so bad because they have outdoor seating (not a winter option). We were able to sit, have a drink and chit chat.Once seated, the service was top notch all the way through.  Unfortunately, due to the level of noise, I couldn't hear a word he said. I just nodded and smiled..and he did the same : ) lolLOVED LOVED the 3a.m. burger. I've never had a fried egg on a burger and it was a good combo. The combo flavors of the beef, egg, shriccha mayo, bacon, cheese and a pretzel bun...There was a party going on in my mouth! My idiot of a husband (and he readily admits he made a mistake) ordered the turkey panini sandwich. Next to my burger it looked very LAME! LOL He had a bite of my burger and wanted to cry. No, I didn't offer him half. He has to learn from his mistake. My son had a cheese pizza and wasn't disappointed at all. PERFECT; sauce, cheese, crust...and then there was that MAC/CHEESE...OOOOOhhhh MOTHER of ALL...DAAAYUM!!!! I wanted to lick mine and everyone else's bowl! I use to feel this way about SLOW BBQ mc, but this place DID IT and DID IT RIGHT! No curdling and a perfect blend of flavorful cheeses with a crusty top.I was STUFFED. I wish I would have eaten half and taken the rest home, but dayyum it was so good!We will be back!!
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2013,11/13/2013,179,70,2,14,9>This food peddler is a peddler to be proud of!  I give them thumbs up for caring about the people and the community they serve. I would like to see more food peddlers of their kind pop up all over this state.  I will support Moo Cluck Moo for as long as live.  Love their high fructose corn syrup free sodas and catsup. Their hydrogenated fat free oil, cheese, buns and ice cream shakes and of course their hormone and steroid free natural chicken and angus beef.  The sea salt and field greens salads are a big plus too. This place could be the start of something that this country needs!  A heather choice in fast food!  I measure the quality of food on how it makes me feel after consuming it. All I can say "it was definitely feel good food".  Their garlic fries, moo burgers and chili cluck burger were amazing and superlicious.  I will definitely return every time I'm in the mood for a Moo or Cluck burger!  Good looking out to the owners!
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,11/12/2013,1388,1056,11,17,15>There is not a maki sushi roll over eight fifty in this joint. That is for a giant ass roll, other giant rolls start at around six fifty. Small maki is two seventy five to five bucks. Nigiri runs a buck apiece. I felt it was fresh and tasty. I watched it made by the owner himself who made perfectly set sushi. This stuff stood up to my clumsy chopstick work even. Not huge variety here but what they do make is very nice.Eat this, close your eyes, it does not taste like the price. You are getting your deluxe style rolls for almost half the price you pay elsewhere. I felt like a kid in a candy store. Tuna works, salmon is beautiful, eel is in lovely slices, tempura shrimp is super fresh and veggies are nice and crunchy. It is a small place, not glam. Clients seem to be most likely to be picking up some takeout but if you come during a lull it is not a long wait or anything. Very mom and pop, friendly and serene. The nice lady who served us was very welcoming and attentive. It felt like you swung by someone's house. They really care about making you happy. They truly appreciate the response to their food too. I love places like this!My mom wants to return to get the hwe dup bop, a big fave of hers. I saw an awesome looking bento that made me go hmmmm too. As it is right across the street from a great used bookstore, I smell a return trip in our future and that rating may even go up.This place just gives me the warm fuzzies :) .
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/11/2013,58,110,4,5,7>Wow.  Just...wow.  I haven't had pizza in about a year, so my review might be a little off, but this is undoubtedly the best darn pizza I've ever had.  The pizza comes very thin, with several delicious toppings on top.  You can have your pick, though I opted for sausage with my sampler pizza.  The thin crust also allows for more topping and cheese flavor without the bland crust flavor.  I dig it.  I also dig the garlic bread (only $5!).  It's not puffed up like other chain restaurant GB, but flat and crispy, and they use real garlic (taste like it).  Super good.  The dipping sauce is a little bland, but that's not enough to drop a star.  I'm totally coming back here to try the salads, the spaghetti, and more pizza!  Plus it's only about 2 miles from where I work so I DIG THAT TOO BRO!Enjoy.
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,11/10/2013,196,355,3,6,7>Simply Wine is simply delightful!The front 3/4 of the establishment is devoted to a wide selection of wines, neatly categorized by color, price, and flavor characteristics.  The knowledgeable, friendly, but not overbearing, staff will help you pick if you wish.The back 1/4 of the establishment is an old fashioned feeling self-service wine bar with wine barrels for tables and 12 wines "on tap".  Ask for a card (preloaded with $20.00 unless you request more) at the register.  Choose a wine from the tap fridge, place a glass under the spigot, insert your card, and pick taste (1 oz), 1/2 glass, or full glass.  Voila!  Simply Wine also offers a variety of snackables for purchase to accompany your wine, should you wish.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,11/9/2013,226,699,4,6,7>This place is the whip!Right inside the Kroger's plaza sits Bronx Deli just a couple storefronts from New Balance. The signage isn't very adorned and it took a thorough brousing on Yelp, while looking for lunch spots in the area, to stumble on this place...now that I know it's a winner it's at the top of my list for sandwich destinations.The menu is inclusive...from appetizers, to Paninis, to the deli staples you'd expect and stretching to garlic fries, mac n' cheese and NY style pizza. They also serve wine and solid beer options with some Michigan micros there too. The space itself was warm, clean and urban looking with clean restrooms (chalkboard wall paint and chalk included, see the pic) and a really nice staff of cute ladies. Arden was our server.I ordered the Bronx Reuben and a side of garlic fries to split with Joe V. My sandwich was just the right size with a good quality corned beef and melty Swiss topping sauerkraut and Russian dressing on a thinner sliced Rye that was buttered and toasted on a Panini press...it came with a pickle spear too. It was a solid choice but with so many killer options I had to start with the basics. The garlic fries were likely hand-cut and covered in garlic and crushed red pepper and maybe a little parm if I'm not mistaken. They're a little addictive so be prepared.I also ordered a Lenny's Veggie to take back to the office. A really great multi-grain bread stacked with cucumber, red onion, tomato, roasted red peppers and fresh lettuce with a hero's smear of both Feta and hummus spreads...all wrapped in butcher paper and sent along with a pickle (it was a "new" pickle and I really prefer a brinier style so I didn't love it but no matter).  Joe liked his #14 Italian sub, all I know is that it was huge.There's so much here to choose from and the deli staples are just the tip of the iceberg. Of other noteworthy recommendation would be their food challenge...I don't recall it's name or the specifics but I do recall something about: two heaping corned beef sandwiches, fries, soda and a few other items, a $40 price tag, and the words "If you finish it we pay for it and if you don't, you pay for it". It sounded like death by food coma but I always love contemplating the likelihood of completing a good food challenge.If you want to try this place check out their website to get email deals. It's a little pricey but well worth the expense. Our tab for the three sandwiches, the garlic fry and two iced teas was $34 before tip-it was worth every penny.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,11/8/2013,16,77,9,10,10>I learned how to be a proper gentleman at this wonderful little spot. My sister used to take me out for sushi and give me tips on how to act on a date and how to treat a significant other. Between the spicy salmon and California rolls I learned how to pull chairs out, pick up the check without drawing too much attention to my good deed, learned the dead language known as 'conversation' and how to properly use chopsticks. A few years after my lessons I would actually bring dates here as the atmosphere is just perfect for that awkward, giddy first date.The interior is great, the feel is incredible, and I know miso is a very basic soup, but it is mouth watering here. If it wouldn't kill me, I'd probably eat an entire blow up kid's pool full of it. That's just the appetizer, wait until you get into the sushi itself! Fresh, tasty, and oddly not too pricey. It's easy to look past this spot, it's super tiny and tucked into your ordinary strip mall, and there's not too much to draw attention to it. But for those who have taken the stroll through the plain door, the consensus seems to be, this is a great place for sushi.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,11/7/2013,22,68,7,5,8>It wasn't until last year that I began to appreciate mead. Any previous experience I had with the drink of kings was terrible. I was given a taste years back from a guy at Dragonmead and it tasted like a bowl of honey nut cheerios that sat in the sun. That will turn you off the stuff for sure.My wife introduced me to B. Nektar in 2012. I was skeptical at first. I started out with a Naughty Ginger. I had no idea mead could actually be good. I have grown to love the stuff B. Nektar puts out. In fact, I opened a bottle of Cherry Chipotle melomel last night. On a recent trip to their "tasting room" which is their warehouse with tables and chairs set up, I was able to pick up a bottle of 2008 bourbon barrel mead. We walked in and there was a live show for Parliament Funkadelic playing on the wall via a projector. The two guys working were labeling bottles while serving drinks. I don;t wanna say they were stoned but lets just called it "exhausted". They didn't charge us for the bottles we drank while there. that was nice.It really is worth checking out B. Nektar be it at their place or at a bar/liquor store. It's not the cheapest but the quality you get is suburb!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/6/2013,37,71,1,13,8>I was excited when I heard Republica was going into the old BBC.  I took a look at their menu online and realized that this probably wasn't going to be a place my 2.5 year old would want to eat at, so we'd have to make this a date night.  We started with the flower roast - which is literally an entire head of cauliflower and it was delicious, it came with some sort of garlic spread that was fantastic.   My husband got the chicken chili, which was also very good.  For our entrees I got the chopped salad and husband got the 1/2 rack of ribs and we shared.  Holy smokes both were delicious.    We ordered too much food but it was all so good. We sat at the bar (which is not all that fun when there is no booze yet - October 4 there will be!) and got to experience more of the staff than had we sat at a table. Everyone was really nice and one of the cooks brought out our food and he seemed to really care that we were enjoying everything.   I can't wait to come back when they have their liquor license.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,11/5/2013,45,145,3,5,5>Pizza House was the first restaurant I ever fell in love with; it was a teenage love-affair that never quite ended.My friends and I used to come and sit upstairs in the summertime, with the windows open, and people watch.  It was, and still is, a favorite pastime.  The restaurant itself has expanded over the years but it still proves to be a busy place, always crowded, which is a testament to just how good it is! Sure it is a bit pricey...but this is Ann Arbor, after all.  This restaurant is nice, clean, and right in a hopping part of downtown.  Then, there is the food, which totally speaks for itself (and is worth every penny).  Pizza House has the most wonderful authentic Chicago stuffed pizza outside of Chicago that I have ever tried (and I fancy myself a Chicago stuffed pizza expert!)...appropriately doughy, never greasy, and an absolutely perfect ratio of cheese to sauce. Then there are the chipatis, which are mind-blowing in their own right.  Oh, and the milkshakes, the bread sticks, the desserts!  Oh my, it is ALL SO GOOD!You've just GOTTA try it.  This is definitely a restaurant worth a trip from near or far!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,11/4/2013,218,109,3,6,5>First let me just say that the restaurant is gorgeous! It's decorated beautifully, and the waterfall wall paired with the rain outside was an unplanned, yet lovely touch! The bathroom was sparkling clean, which is always a good sign. The service was amazing, I was shown right to the bathroom, they didn't let more than a sip or two of water leave our glasses before they were full again, and the entire bar staff asked how our meal was and said goodbye to us on our way out. It was really amazing.We were in the mood for sushi tonight, so that's what we leaned toward when we ordered. We tried the vegetable tempura appetizer which was quite good. Sean enjoyed his spicy salmon rolls, while I tried the Great Wall (spicy tuna, jalapeno, cream cheese, avocado, tempura with brown sauce) and the veggie roll (asparagus, cucumber, avocado, red pepper). I was a little disappointed with the Great Wall because the jalapeno was soooo small I couldn't even taste it. I was intrigued with the tempura because it makes the whole roll crispy and wonderful, but the brown sauce on top took it over and made it into a soggy bread over rice. Not the best thing I could imagine eating for $13. The veggie roll was okay, although that's the roll that could have used a sauce element the most.Overall, it was a great evening. The atmosphere was beautiful and romantic, the service was fantastic, and the food was really great despite the soggy tempura. I highly recommend you put this one on your "to try" list.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,11/3/2013,100,145,4,13,10>I've been a fan of the Cass since they opened and provided a much needed option for food in the neighborhood. The area has changed and while there are more options there's something so comforting about this place. Another cool thing are the long time employees here. In a world full of fast turn overs it's nice to see familiar faces.The menu changes on a regular basis but some of the staples that never fail are the Srircha chicken wings (hands down my favorite wings on the planet) the lentil burger, artichoke melt and the oriental garlic salad dressing. Any one who thinks this place is a hipster hang out obviously doesn't know the lay of the land here. Cass Cafe has been a staple in Midtown for longer than it's been called "Midtown" remember "Cass Corridor"? It's not only a restaurant and bar it's an art gallery and a place for locals and students to hang out.Is the service always stellar, no but it's all about knowing where you're at and going with it.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,11/2/2013,198,632,4,10,8>I liked Jay's... Ken loved it.  Has talked about going back.  A lot.Yes, the food takes a while to receive after you've ordered it (hello, I'd rather wait a little for fresh made stuff then drive thru for heat lamp crap).  Yes, the dine-in tables are upstairs.  But deal with it.I ordered the burger with brat slices inside.  I need to try something else, maybe just the plain cheese inside one.  Ken's was the mac and cheese.  We split fries and tried some of the bottled soda (which I bought more of when we were leaving).They let us try a little taste of the chili, which was amazing.  Ken will either get chili on its own, on his burger or on fries next time, I know it.A little $$ but we left...well..stuffed.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,11/1/2013,272,268,7,6,6>Went to the Woodward Dream Cruise with one of my friends as we were sitting down in our chairs at 14 Mile and Woodward checking out all the old vintage cars we decided we were hungry.  Started walking towards 13 Mile Road and across the street there was Kalamata Greek Grill, so we decided on that restaurant, but the only problem is that we had to walk a half a mile down where there was a light and we could safely cross the road.  There were plenty of police out and if we jay walked I am sure we would have been given a ticket!  Oh well, we will get our daily walk in. Finally got to Kalamata Greek Grill and you order - sort of like a deli. And at the end of the counter you get your food.  I ordered a lamb and beef mix gyro.  OMG, it was so flavorful and delicious.  There were quite a few customers there, but there still was seating available for us. Gobbled down our food, used the restrooms and went back outside to walk to our lawn chairs at the end of 14 Mile & Woodward.Had a great time and Kalamata was able to fulfill our needs as far as good food goes!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,10/31/2013,39,48,13,6,4>If you think that "eating in" at a grocery store is weird, well, yeah it is a little bit. But who cares? The food here is fantastic! A bit pricey for a bowl of soup? Yeah, if that soup wasn't literally your entire meal.I bought a few things in the store (great selection and great prices BTW) and had an urge to try something new, which was convenient since I'm fat and was starving anyway. Here I am, the only white dude in line, standing there whilst sufficiently meeting their redhead quota for the month, staring at the list of items. I ordered the yukye jang.Let me explain my experience with the Korean language. I know that "Gangnam" is a place in Korea, thereby a Korean word. So that's it. Not surprisingly, and very much appreciated, the person behind the counter understood me when I said "thirteen". It's this understanding we've got with each other, divine, sheer luck, call it what you will. I say a number, and I magically get what I want. Don't make me explain it.My order was up and I took the bowl of piping hot delight directly to my table. The soup was amazing. The taste was so heavenly, it was like angels pissing in my mouth. Can I even write that? I just did! And it filled me up to boot. If you're a dainty eater, you may not be able to get it all down in one sitting, so best you figure out how leftovers work at this place, because you're going to want to take it home with you. It's the type of soup you introduce to your mom.I sincerely hope you're not a particularly visual person. I really do.
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,10/30/2013,49,344,3,6,3>NYPD has VERY good pizza.  Nice, big slices with a generous amount of cheese.  There are lots of different styles--white pizza, sicilian, plain, fun toppings (chicken parmesan), etc. The garlic knots are garlicky and large.  They're best right out of the oven.I've eaten here a couple times a year since 2008 (so maybe a dozen times total?) and they have consistently been great.  A fine place to stop in for lunch, a fine place to stop in on a weekend evening when you're craving some junk food.  I've even catered a small event with them, and were impressed with their generosity and service.The prices are fine, the service is fine, the seating is fine.For what it's worth, I do think I have an attitude about pizza because I'm from NY.  This pizza very much reminds me of the pizza from home, and it's hard to find that out here.  So three cheers for NYPD!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,10/29/2013,104,162,3,8,5>You wanna talk about a hidden gem just hiding on the side of Mound Road?   Finally a place to get some great middle-eastern cuisine!   Close enough for all of the auto workers to come in and get a really quick pick up order, or close enough for someone to come and have a quick meal.     Their Chicken Schwarma Wrap is amazing... and I can only say to use even more garlic sauce than they provide (or that just may be me wanting to sweat garlic from my pores) Oh, and their Chicken Vegitable soup?   Its simmered with the grilled chicken, and it is phenominal.   Wowza!  Make sure to stop on by, but don't blink, you might miss this place because its tucked away in a strip mall.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/28/2013,202,393,2,8,4>Hands down the best Viet food in Detroit!! (And their Thai food is pretty good, too, but I rarely order it.)Things I've tried:- egg rolls: not greasy! And the contents are yummy, not that weird mushroom combo that some other places like to use- pho ga: not gross and oily like at the other places! Chicken texture was a little off, but I'm sure that's changed by now, as I ate this once, months ago.- pad see ew w/beef: generous portions, and it's tasty!- I forget the name, but I think its Tom yum soup (off their Thai menu): OMG so so good!- Thai fried rice w/chicken: again, huge portions. Their Thai portions are enough for my dinner...and my bf's lunch the next day.- bun thit nuong cha gio: I think this is #14, but it's one of my fave dishes..ever, and pho tai does it right!! The egg rolls are yummy and crispy, and the meat doesn't taste all weird and lemon grass-y like at all the other places in Detroit. Again, it's a huge portion that I can never seem to finish.My bf has also tried their pho tai and bun bo hue, and he enjoyed both as well.Other things worth noting:- you will not smell like pho for the next 24 hours after eating here...you know what I'm talking about.- staff is friendly! So nice!- call in/pick up orders usu take 10 mins- there's a small charge on credit cards if you don't meet their minimum charge, which you can easily do if you order a mealI come here weekly and have always left extremely satisfied!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,10/27/2013,19,242,3,9,6>Yes, a five star----rare for me.   Everything was top notch here! The location is superb - -- -  a great view of the river, parking is convenient and safe (it does cost $10), and the food and service is exceptional. This was our first visit to the new Joe Muer's since the old location closed 15 years or so ago, and it was memorable. The menu has some of the old Muer items and some new stuff. I went with the old menu and started with the lobster bisque. When they serve this they start by putting a bunch of lobster pieces in the bottom of the  bowl and then pouring on the bisque- - - - lots of lobster is excellent. My wife got the heirloom salad (a variety of tomatoes) for starters and said it was some of the best tomatoes ever (hard to understand for a tomatophobe). I then was served the fried shrimp and they were great- - - the cocktail sauce is special.  Usually the sides are not worth mentioning, but this is an exception. I got the asparagus substituted for fries and the creamed spinach as a side. Great sides!!!My wife got the Halibut special and it was great.We ended the meal with a crème brulee which was perfect.Carl C,our waiter was just right, low key, but very informative and attentive. WE WILL GO BACK ASAP.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,10/26/2013,23,185,4,7,8>I can't believe I've not yet reviewed this place, but I guess it's been a while since I've been there.  I've gone here for years and have never had a bad meal.  Yesterday was no exception.I opted for their new offering of mini turkey burgers.  A pretty clever recipe, I might add.  On top of each of the four burgettes was mashed potatoes and cranberry sauce.  A cup of gravy was provided for dipping.  It came with a side of their best around sweet potato fries.  Thanksgiving in July!  Great stuff.  My SO had a BBQ pulled pork sandwich, which she enjoyed, as she always does.They have full bar with an outstanding selection of beer, both on tap and in bottles.  They started filling growlers from their taps since the law was changed.  I need to go get some Fuller's ESB.Service was great.  Our waitress was great, allowing us to wait for a couple of people who never did show.  It wasn't too long, though.  Food and beverages came quickly and were at the appropriate temperatures.So many places to go.  If only all were like this.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,10/25/2013,2657,302,22,28,30>Click...Click...Click...Click...The sound that this roller coaster of flavor makes as it drops you smack dab in the middle of Sims in Troy.  Surrounded by some of my favorite kind of comfort foods, the smell of fresh smoke & Sim's pleasant staff my eyes lit up like a kid at an amusement park.A trip to a BBQ joint can be very painful, if you love BBQ as much as I do. You know exactly what I'm talking about.  The mere thought of not ordering something delicious and missing out takes a normal dinner bill & multiplies it by two.  I'll take one of those, two of those.... & let me get a couple of those.Sims certainly qualifies, with delicious ribs smoked on sight center stage along side fall apart tender brisket, scrumptious pulled pork & some spicy moist hot links.Throw in some bomb Mack & cheese, a creamy house made coleslaw, squeeze bottles of above average BBQ sauces & some of the best baked beans simmered with some scrap pieces of pork, mmmm... is your mouth watering yet, because mine is. Sims has plenty of combos to choose from so if you have any questions ask Andre, he's the man with a plan & if your smart you will save a little room for some of their turtle brownies that everyone who has ate here has bragged about.  Thanks to Matt W for the recommendation & if you haven't checked out Billy Sims yet I would suggest you check it out!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,10/24/2013,131,297,7,17,13>A couple of months ago, I realized that I was tired of overcrowded gyms & getting to exercise classes 30 minutes early to fight for a spot. I also realized that it was one more excuse that I didn't need to avoid exercising. A long time ago, I had a really good experience with a Personal Trainer, and decided that was what I needed to do. I came across Retrofit Studio reviews here on Yelp, sort of accidentally. I liked what I read from the reviews & their website. I liked the idea of a private studio too. I called Brad & set up a consultation. There is no doubt that Brad loves what he does & wants every client to be successful. He spent a lot of time listening & talking to me about realistic goals, nutrition, and what to expect. He decided to set me up with Mark, one of his trainers. So far, I have had 8 training sessions with Mark. When Brad said he was a good fit for me, he was right! My sessions are 30 minutes, 2 times a week. By the time I leave, I am a sweaty mess! Mark challenges me, makes sure I have good form, and always encouraging. If I don't do it right, I have to do it again. Every session varies to work different muscle groups, especially the areas that are difficult to target. As hard as he makes me work, I'm never too sore to exercise in between our sessions. That is important to me because I need to do my part outside of our sessions. Mark checks with me regarding my diet and what I'm doing to reach my weight loss goals between our sessions. I always have fun training with Mark even when it's really difficult. The studio itself is great. It's very clean, doesn't smell funky like a lot of gyms (ha!), and a great variety of training techniques & equipment. There are a few cardio machines for client use before or after a session. Every trainer is always encouraging clients, whether it's their client or not. What about results? I started to feel stronger right away and continue to feel that way. I'm steadily losing weight & seeing the jiggle disappear! My muffin top is shrinking! I asked my husband if he noticed any changes. The poor guy looked at me with slight fear of answering the wrong way. ha! I wanted an honest answer. I don't expect fast results, but I am curious if the changes I see are noticeable to others. He said that he has seen a big change. He said I have been a lot happier since I started training with Mark. I wasn't expecting that answer & it made me realize I haven't felt that way about getting in shape (or trying to) in a long time. It sort of made me all verklempt!This is one of the best decisions I've made in a long time!
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,10/23/2013,148,349,3,13,7>I quite like this place! We were in Dearborn one afternoon and my husband had me look up some food on Yelp. Luckily I have a ton bookmarked, but 100% of those bookmarks in this area have everything to do with shoarma, falafel or toum. "Try Vietnamese!'. Ummm. Sure?Turns out Pho Lucky has been on my radar for ever (and in my bookmarked section), but my geographical knowledge of Metro Detroit is still in its infant stages. Happy to have found Vietnamese fare nonetheless we made the short drive to Redford.  I have a bad (?) habit of judging a book by its cover, and was happily surprised I was proven wrong here. The area (or at least the way we drove to the place) is less than stellar, but the actual restaurant completely made up for that. The minute you walk in the smell of beefy, wonderful pho hits you. Let me tell you, it was glorious. The dining room is open, bright and clean and so is the bathroom. I am convinced a little elf scurries in after each 'visit' because it is spotless. Now unfortunately I majorly miss out on the pho front which sucks, phosho. I did however order another favorite; bun thit nuong only with tofu. The tofu was fried, but it was well-fried which is important.  It was not oil-logged or gross, and the actual tofu was of the firm kind (not silken). My husband ordered bun thit nuong with grilled pork. It smelled very good, and was well enjoyed. Pho Lucky does not include cucumber or carrots in this dish and our bean sprouts were missing (mistakenly so, I believe) but whatever, I did not miss them one bit (the carrots and cukes that is, the beansprouts I asked for).  The pork itself was kindof fatty, which seems indicative of Vietnamese food everywhere so be careful to remove this if you are not a fan.The menu is indeed small, there are a handful of pho options (no vegetarian and no fish varieties but bfd, beef is the way to go anyways), three listed noodle choices (grilled pork, beef or chicken) and three broken rice choices with aforementioned meats.They made me a vegetarian summer roll which was sweet and accomodating, and the regular summer roll with pork and shrimp was enjoyed by E. These puppies are large,  by the way. We will absolutely be back, this place feels a lot closer to our neck of the woods than the cluster of Vietnamese restaurants on the East side- and the food and customer service is great!
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2013,10/22/2013,54,236,6,6,5>Jacoby's is just one of those places that has been in my Detroit memories since I was a kid. My dad always worked downtown, and he is the ultimate foodie, and he always spoke highly of the casual atmosphere and delicious German grub and schnitzels at Jacoby's (Ok, so I don't specifically remember him talking about the schnitzels, but I just wanted to see how many times I could fit the word schnitzel into my review. I'm up to 3 schnitzels. Oops, now 4). My second memory of Jacoby's is my own memory, my first visit there ever during Super Bowl weekend in 2006. Holy schnitzel, (5) it was so cold outside, we walked forever to get there. We sat at the bar, I had a sausage and a beer. The Steelers won. That's all I really remember. Last night we finally returned for a pre-Yelp event brewskie. Or two. How can you not have at least 2 beers here? They have so many to choose from! I had the New Holland Monkey King and it was fabulous - a sweetness to the taste to even out the hops. Nice. I opted for a St. Peter's Old Style Porter for my second choice and was even more impressed. The bartender (Emily, I believe) recommended it. Loved the bottle it came in - totally old school back in the day beer bottle look. Very smooth finish and mild taste. I enjoyed it. We looked over the menu and I tried to convince my husband to let me try the schnitzel but he wasn't in the mood. I'll have to save the schnitzel sampling for another visit. Seven Schnitzels! I am the Schnitzel queen! (Ok so now I'm up to nine. Mission accomplished).
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,10/21/2013,160,58,3,9,5>Well I feel like punching myself in the face that I didn't know about this place sooner. I would have to say that Hermanos Market is 100% authentic. By looking at it from the outside it just looks like a Mexican market where you can get all of Mexico's finest ingredients. Then you have to walk to the back where they have about 8 to 10 tables where you can sit down and order food. I brought my cousin here for the first time ever, he isn't a foodie like me so he was very skeptical of the place until we both looked at the menu and became very happy. Their Menu is clever and simple providing all the best Mexican dishes. I kept it simple and ordered 4 steak tacos and 1 chorizo taco. The steak was amazingly tender and so delicious, I would have to say that I no longer have to travel to Southwest Detroit to get authentic Mexican that's what I have discovered. My cousin also got the steak tacos and incredibly happy with his choice. All I herd come out of his mouth was mmmmmm so good. Then he yelled at me for telling him about this place sooner lol. Our waitress was very friendly and their chips and salsa was also very good. They brought out a red salsa and a green salsa. All in all this is a great place for Mexican food and locally I probably won't go anywhere else ever again. This is my spot :)
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,10/20/2013,94,292,3,9,7>The newly renovated Kresge Court at the Detroit Institute of Arts opens this weekend for their grand opening. It's been recently renovated to elevate its food for small bites and evening starters in a very comfortable and beautiful atmosphere. After speaking to one of the employees, it was also designed to host your planned or impromptu meeting over coffee and an easy place to plug in and work remotely.We were treated to a tasting for several items on their newly designed menus. They offer two menus, one during the day and the other on Friday evenings. We had items on both menus and after looking at the rest of them, there are several others that I'm looking forward to trying.From the Friday night menu, we sampled the Artichokes and Flat Bread, Toasted Farro Salad, and Smashed Beets. The artichoke dish is served with a black olive aioli and a very thin flat brad, almost a cracker, with delicate spices. The artichokes were extremely soft and light in flavor. They are not over powering in oil or vinegar, just a nice mild flavor that matches the very subtle flavor of the black olive aioli. The aioli is made with regular black olives, not kalamata, so it's not very salty or strong. The farro salad is a healthy, vegetarian, and hearty option. It's slightly on the al dente side, having a firm texture than a soft texture as rice. My last item on the tasty triptch menu was the beets in a dill yogurt sauce. The beets were prepared well with them being soft and flavorful. They are still firm and not mushy. It's beautifully presented and the dill sauce compliments the beets well. There is a nice balance of acidity and dairy to have a smooth flavor.On the afternoon menu, we tried the Wich Came First. It has pulled chicken, hard boiled egg, kale, tomato, and tarragon mayonnaise. The chicken was very soft and tender and cooked nicely. The hard boiled egg gives the sandwich a level of creaminess. The tarragon mayo was an excellent choice with the chicken and eggs. They use a local bread company, which was nice and fresh as well.The review would have a sense of loss if I don't mention the setting. The Kresge Court is in this beautiful courtyard with relaxing and brand new furniture. It's better than any coffee shop you will sit in. It's designed for a light bite, but also for relaxing and reading a book, working remotely, or having a business meeting. Some off their table tops are designed with removable paper so you can take notes and then take it with you. They also have iPads available to the public on some of the high top tables. Good luck in finding any place that has a beautiful glass roof, stained glass windows around you, stunning architecture, easy listening music, and a comfortable atmosphere.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,10/19/2013,183,277,2,9,7>If I lived nearby, I'd probably be there often. But today I stopped in as I was driving by and noticed it. First of all, it does not look or feel like a typical Asian aka Chinese supermarket. It is much larger, cleaner, spacious... it almost feels like it's new and not yet stocked... It's very sparse. But I really enjoyed shopping here today. Oh and most importantly... it does not have the smell. You know what I mean. It's stark and clean. Maybe not so homey in that sense but seriously. I was uberly impressed.They have almost everything you could be looking for, but not a wide selection of each product. I went by the Thai Curry aisle and they only had one kind. On the other hand in the canned fruit aisle, they had four kinds of jellied coconut so I guess it could depend on the product you're looking for. Prices. Just like most other Asian supermarkets, it's hit and miss. Some things are cheaper, some are not. Just to give you an idea, the small mama (thai ramen noodles) was 50 cents, and the large one was 1.19 I believe. That's a little more expensive than most other places I've been (usually 3 for $1 for the small mama). But on the cheaper side of things, the ha-kao shrimp dumpling was 4.99 (if I remember correctly) for a 24 pack. I think other places have been a dollar+ pricier.Anyways, overall great place. I will likely be back... A good place to supplement whatever I got at Joe Randazzo's next door :)
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,10/18/2013,37,230,4,8,6>Very good. I'd probably rate it 5 stars if it weren't such a pain the ass to get into this place.They don't take reservations (when it counts)...which seems to be the trend in downtown Plymouth these days. There's so much demand for good food in downtown Plymouth on Friday and Saturday that you can pretty much plan on a substantial wait at any place. I was meeting my date at 7:30 on a Saturday and didn't want her to have to wait, so I showed up to put my name in at 6:45 and then headed down the street for a drink. At 7:30, my name had still not been called. No fault of their own...but just plan on doing what I did if you want to eat here on the weekend.We split the spiedini - mozzarella wrapped in prosciutto. It was amazing. The prosciutto is naturally quite salty and the way that it is prepared (oven roasted) brings out the saltiness even more. So...if you're not a fan of salt, you may want to pass...but it's awesome.We shared a pizza that doesn't appear to be on the menu on their website. I thought it was called Positano, but that's not an accurate description of what we tried last night. The pizza was one of the sauceless pizzas. It had arugula, truffle oil, mozzarella, and some shaved cheese as well (possibly parmesan). It was also very good. Definitely a knife and fork job with all of the arugula on it. Overall it was a great experience and I will definitely come back. If you plan on eating here on the weekend definitely allot 45 minutes to an hour before you would like to sit down.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,10/17/2013,229,201,5,11,10>Booked the Kona Ice Truck for my daughters Birthday to come to a dance school she was attending that day. I had the truck come after dance classes ended for a treat for all the kids and parents to enjoy.The owner was great, he showed up at the time I asked and was super friendly to everyone explaining what to do. He wrote Happy Birthday on the chalk board under the window he serves from and I hung two birthday balloons from the trucks mirror. He also played fun ice cream truck kind of music and even a Happy Birthday Song. Also he gave the Birthday girl a Lei Necklace & a Kona Ice Snap Bracelet which I didn't even know about ahead of time so that was a fun surprise. Basically he puts shaved ice in a cup for you and you can either put as much or as little flavor as you want and even mix them. If you decide to put your own flavors on, there were 10 different flavors such as Cherry, Grape, Tiger's Blood & Orange to just name a few. He can also pour on the "Unique Flavors" such as Strawberry Shortcake, Root Beer, Bubble Gum Pink, Wedding Cake, Goobajooba....it's a list of about 26 Unique Flavors. He also has Sugar Free flavors as well.We got the regular size cups which is 12oz of ice and it's a good size, they also a 8oz size. The cost of your package depends on what sizes you get and how many people you have, they have different packages for what you need. I didn't know if we were going to need the "Up to 35 People" or "Up to 50 People" package but he keeps track of how many you go though and we paid after so that was easy. He was there for a hour for my package and for 35 people it probably took him under 30 minutes to serve everyone.He gave me a brochure about his truck and it says they can do Schools, Sport Events, Workplaces, Events, Parties and even Fundraising(kind of cool idea).It was a big hit with both the kids and parents as well as us and we will be using him in the near future.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2013,10/16/2013,47,59,1,11,10>This place is neat.  The stuff is well made, and conforms to a very specific aesthetic that almost, but not quite, borders on the plain.  Specializing in notebooks, leather goods, bicycles and watches, the Detroit-based brand is predicated on the concept that well made products are a natural fit with the manufacturing heritage of Motown.  The staff was friendly (not to mention uniformly very attractive) and being able to view the workshop wherein the Shinola bikes are assembled is a nice touch.  The prices are high for what you're getting, though from what I gather, their initial investment was significant, and the quality is easy to see in the products.  I'll be curious to see how this store expands and what lies in the future for the brand.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,10/15/2013,99,343,5,12,5>I love people watching at buffets with crab legs.  Everyone grabbing at the crab legs like it's their last meal on earth. Heck, I've even stalked the chef taking fresh legs from the kitchen to the buffet table to get my share. Hibachi Buffet has a guy at the grill making personal hibachis. The sushi isn't the best I've ever had, but it's good and creative. There are many types of rolls to choose. The sesame balls are my favorite and the egg rolls are my least.  The salt and pepper squid is phenomenal.My only complaint is the trouble locating proper utensils. I have yet to eat my sushi with chopsticks and had to grab a bus boy to find a knife. They have the crab leg breakers, but not the thin tool to get the meat out of the legs. The price makes up any issues I would consider above. This place is cheap. You will be full and satisfied when you leave Hibachi Buffet!
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,10/14/2013,69,416,5,9,6>This was great thin crusted Pizza.  And the service was great too.  I disagree with the reviewer that said it is way better than Tomatoes aPizza.  I find the crust at Tomatoes the best in the area and the variety and quality of the toppings are better too.  At least the toppings I had on my pizza at Fresco today were good, but not up to the standards at Tomatoes.I am not at this location very often, but when I am again, I would definitely stop here.  We were looking for a place to eat today when we were in the neighborhood and the Yelp app on my phone directed me here.  How convenient!Good thin crusted pizza!
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2013,10/13/2013,151,367,11,15,12>Love, love, love!  My first experience with pupusas happened in the hipster-ish place of all hipsterdom aka the Brooklyn Flea.  When I found out a few years ago that we had pupusas in Detroit, I was jumping in my car faster than a hipster can scoff at the latest sell-out band.  And ever since then, the love affair has continued.  Beside being an awesome word to say, pupusas are these little discs of cornmeal filled with joy, aka cheese and meat or beans or loroco flower.  I will often tell people about these little discs of heaven as well, but I have to describe them in the stupidest way possible so people understand what they look like.  I say that they are basically, "a cross between an uncrustables sandwich and hot pocket, but made of unicorn tears and rainbow raindrops."  Dumb, but it works.  I personally love the chicken and cheese, and the shrimp and cheese varieties.  I also really did enjoy the loroco flower and cheese, and the jalapeno and cheese ones as well when I'm needing a non-meat option.  Make sure to eat them with the salsa that comes in the plastic mini-jug and the curtido, which is the El Salvadorian cabbage salad that they also bring to the table.  OMG, so good!  The tamales also get a big thumbs up from me.  My husband usually will order them here and they are pretty fantastic.  Recently, I also tried the chicken dumplings here.  The portion is huge, super tasty as they are fried to perfection; I would definitely recommend trying them sometime.  Gotta also mention the horchata which I really liked, but I also love the jarritos soda that they also serve.  Seriously, this place is no joke.  Despite the initial look of the building, the staff will be the more welcoming folks ever.  The food is certainly cooked with lots of heart and soul.  You will love, love, love it!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,10/12/2013,89,191,14,10,6>EHRMEGERD!!!!!CHERKEN SHWERMER!!!!!!Seriously...the chicken shawarma here doesn't just beat everyone else's, it also kicks theirs while its down, sleeps with their sister, and calls their mama names.Why?  Because it's so damned good that it CAN, that's why.Attached to the Park Bar (yay, beer!), and offering fast ordering, decent prices, and THE %$#$ING BEST CHICKEN SHAWARMA I'VE EVER HAD IN CASE I HAVEN'T MADE THAT PERFECTLY @#$%ING CLEAR BY NOW! :)I've re-arranged meeting schedules to be able to pop by here and eat.I've forced friends to re-arrange their schedules to meet me here for lunch.You will go, and you will eat the chicken shawarma in all of its garlicky pickly awesomeness, and you don't even have to send me a thank you note afterwards.  You'll know.  And that's all that matters.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,10/11/2013,68,337,,9,5>My husband and I tried The Jefferson House for the first time during Detroit Restaurant Week.  We wanted something different from the usual DRW offerings and boy were we treated to a great experience.  It was a little slow at first with drinks and our appetizer.  You would think with such a limited menu things would be flying out of the kitchen.  Not to worry, our food was delicious.  I had the brussels sprouts appetizer, my husband the pork belly.  Both were delicious but I really liked my brussels sprouts.  We both had the duck breast for an entree.  It was perfectly paired with sweet potato.  The autumn spice creme brûlée was a great ending, too bad it was the smallest portion of creme brûlée I've ever seen.  The "autumn spice" was a good accent but didn't overpower the creme brûlée flavor I love.  All in all, our experience was great.  The service was a little awkward and we wished we had some sort of bread to start or bridge between first and second courses.  Be sure to use the complimentary valet in front of the Crowne Plaza and have your server validate your ticket before you leave.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,10/10/2013,501,312,4,17,8>OK, this should be at least a 4.5 star, if I could do that. This place has continued to amaze me. Since it's opened I've tried:Pad Thai 3x (some of the best I've ever had)Pad See Ewe 1x (VERY good!)Drunken Noodles 2x (Easily the best I've had)Kow Pad 1x (this one was just OK. The fried rice had a strange taste I couldn't quite figure out.)Bankok Chicken 1x (also very tasty!)Angle Noodle 1x (I really like this, even though I steer away from Curry usually).Curry Fried Rice 1x (again, it was good. Very mild curry, it was almost like a saffron rice. Great Flavor!).Yes, I've eaten there a LOT. Multiple times in one day in many cases! I'm definitely getting my Thai fix!For each dish I've had a mixture of chicken, pork, or shrimp and all have been fantastic. I've also tried all of the appetizers and they were all good. I might shy away from the crab rangoon though. Too much rangoon and not enough filling.The service is quick and friendly, and the food is always of the highest quality. I'm glad they opened up so close to my house!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,10/9/2013,165,649,3,8,7>This place is downstairs, underneath grizzly peak. I tried one of their special beers on tap which was a ginger beer (like a beer with ginger hints; not the soda). It actually tasted ginger-y and was not bad. Came in a big Old German mug.My friend tried the kirsche cosmo; I'm no expert on cosmos but it tasted sweet and girly. They also serve "ice shots" which are pretty pricey ($6), but get this -- the shot glass is literally made of ice! I will have to come back and try one of these.As far as food, I ordered the potato pancakes which were reasonably good. I prefer to have my sourcream on the side instead of drizzled on top of ALL the pancakes, but it was still good. Definitely coming back.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,10/8/2013,132,325,5,8,6>christine S and I have tried many times to enjoy tom's. i had heard people speak very well of the ramshackle bar on 7 mile. little did we know that the patrons park at the bank next door. if you pull up, there are no lights, no action happening inside that you can tell. so we always drove off thinking it was closed. thank god for one sunday night when we interupted a euchre game. it was kinda a private party we crashed, but the owner and everyone else was very nice. since then i've been a couple more times and have enjoyed the cheap cocktails, slanted bar, frodo hobbit like interior and the piano. seriously the cocktails are super cheap and the owner often cooks random things to eat. he also drinks right along with you and has a great time. this isn't a dive, its more like a living room with an awesome bartender and some stinky toilets with awesome grafitti.tom's is always a good idea. open wed-sat and sometimes sunday. bring cash and some smiles. love, juston
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,10/7/2013,50,136,4,6,6>Wandered in here yesterday while spending the day at Eastern Market with my mom.  Similarly to lots of the pet "boutiques" that are popping up all over the place, but with items I haven't seen other places.  Lots of toys, treats, food, leashes/harnesses (and lifejackets!) for cats and dogs, plus plenty of stuff you, the animal-lover as well.  I bought my cat a new mouse toy (which she loooooooves), and  I got my mom this adorable dachshund bag, which while not cheap, was not expensive either (plus, aren't you technically over-paying for anything you don't *need*?).  Plus, I'm just a sucker for cute animal stuff :-).  We chatted with the owner for a few minutes while checking out, she was very pleasant and told us they'll be hosting some adoption events in July--I'll definitely be back for those, plus I'm hoping this will get them some more exposure, because this is the type of small business we want to stick around in Detroit.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/6/2013,297,101,1,11,6>The Grindhouse is a newer food truck from the folks at Corridor Sausage (yelp.com/biz/corridor-sa). They carry Corridor Sausage meats and serve them up on either sandwich buns or Langos, which is a fried sort of flatbread. One friend recently described it as a "savory elephant ear" and that's pretty much dead-on.The feature dish is called Merguez Langos. Merguez is a very tasty ground up lamb sausage, topped with olives, roasted garlic, dill sauce, and thinly sliced parmesan cheese. The very mediterranean combo on top of the awesome langos is a superb combo. I've gotten this twice now and I love it.The problem with the Merguez Langos is that it's so good that it seems kind of a shame to get anything else. I didn't want The Grindhouse to be a one-trick pony for me, so I recently got the Vietnamese sausage, which is Viet-style chicken sausage and a melange of shredded daikon, pickled carrots, and cucumber. It also comes with a Sriracha aioli, which is not as hot as it should be. I also tasted a friend's Apple sausage, which if there was such a thing as a "dessert sausage", this would be it. Very sweet and fruity.The issue with the sausages is that they aren't big enough to be filling, for the price. Your money is better spent on the langos. Really, overall, my only complaint with this food truck is that the portions are kind of small for the money, and so two is more of an appropriate meal for a hungry person... and that makes this almost a $20 meal if you leave a tip (which you should, you cheap-ass). That said, the food is definitely delicious. I just wish you got more for your money.The truck is spotless, the crew is efficient, and they take credit cards as well as cash. As a food truck experience, this is almost perfect.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,10/5/2013,49,753,6,7,6>As  David mentioned, if your anywhere near M59 & Adams go get you some Pizza Pie!Truly..I was at Adams & Walton and was craving  a slice from somewhere, nearly gave up & hit the BK there for a $1.29 Whopper Jr.Then BAM!I thought of tooling south to hit 112 Bistro, I called ahead to see if they had slices on a Saturday at 2:30 pm & they sure did.He mentioned Cheese, Pepperoni or the slice of the day, which was:Italian SausageWhite OnionsGreen OlivesRoasted GarlicRed Sauce& fresh basil after it comes out.I told him , sounds like the slice of the decade.Walked in & saw to pals all the way from Roseville, & asked what brings you all the way out here?"Ron we come from 12 & Gratiot for this pizza OFTEN !"Anyways, my slice was fabulous  ,especially for $3.50If you have not been here, it is a step above  The Alibi Inn /Supinos/Biga
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,10/4/2013,209,59,4,7,7>Amazing sandwich shop! Mudgie's Deli is to Detroit like Zingerman's Deli is to Ann Arbor. You get quality, fresh, organic all in one in Detroit. When my California friends & fam think of Detroit they think of processed, fattening, fried, dirty, low-quality way of life. Mudgie's proves them wrong! I have a newfound appreciation for this adopted city & want to take part in the clean up & pride that comes w/ being a Detroiter/Michigander. That means eating local & I could do it everyday @ Mudgie's w/o feeling guilty about what I put in my body. Mudgie's uses quality meats like Sy Ginsberg corned beef, Neuske bacon, free-range & hormone free chicken (all like Zingerman's) or roasts their own meats in house. On this occasion I went with a friend and she got the Jerk Chicken & I got the Hippie Dippie Sh*t Man sandwich.Jerk: Mudgie's not jerkin' you around with this one. Grain fed, antibiotic and hormone free house roasted chicken breast , jerk mayo, red onion, romaine lettuce, tomato, pepper Jack cheese on an onion roll, served warm - $8.75, Add bacon. $1.00 My friend got it on multigrain bread & added sunflower sprouts. She loved it! I had a bite & loved the thick chicken piece that wasn't dry. Hippie Dippie Sh*t Man - avocado, baby spinach, sunflower sprouts, walnuts, dried cranberries, diced apples, shredded carrots and cucumber with raspberry vinaigrette rolled in whole wheat flat bread - $9.75 I added the spinach spread (on their appetizer menu) and had it on multigrain bread. Lemme tell you, I like my sandwiches 2 ways: A) Pressed & grilled and it better have a buttery crunch or B) Fluffy untoaster quality bread. This was a B) & it was a winner!!! My friend probably liked the bread but not nearly as much as me. I forgot to ask who supplies their bread but I'm almost positive it's Avalon Bakery. This bread was thick, soft & chewy w/o sticking to the roof of your mouth. It MADE the sandwich & I didn't even miss the cheese as I considered adding some cheese to it. Another way in which Mudgie's & Zingerman's are alike is the price. It's expensive for a deli. I'm sure Al's or Bread Basket Deli can build you a ginormous sandwich and you get what you pay for. But  you also get what you pay for @Mudgie's. I felt like I properly fueled myself & could go back to work instead of in a foodcoma [regretful] & non-productive state. I will say that if you're a staunch vegan/vegetarian/gluten free you may wanna make sure they use different/separate knives or sandwich prep area. I noticed after I ate half my vegan sandwich and started to pick up my 2nd half, the second half had corned beef on it. It was though the sandwich maker used the same knife to slice the "F'Getaboutit or The Jared" as they used to slice my sandwich. Do I care? No b/c I'm not vegan/vegetarian. But others might. Just FYI. Definitely get there @11 before the lunch crowd or order for p/u and sit at the playground that the owner adopted across the street. When it's busy, service is slow. Also, parking is free! Sweet! Love that about Detroit! Bye Al's Famous deli aka Bread Basket Deli...hello to my new sandwich shop when I'm in the Detroit area!
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,10/3/2013,57,58,5,17,11>I've been here twice in the past 4 months, and it's my favorite place I've ever gone to get my nails done!  The number one reason that I'll continue to come back is that it is SO clean.  You watch every nail tech clean all their stations and tubs before you sit down and all the utensils used on you come out of a bag so you know they've been through an autoclave.  Most places either open the bags where you can't see them or they're just not using an autoclave which freaks me out.  Both times that I came in I called that day and was able to get a manicure and pedicure appointment within 3 hours.  Pretty awesome considering the last time I went it was on a Saturday afternoon and the place was slammed.  Also, both times I went I had someone different and they both did a really great job on my hands and feet.  I went with the VNL package so I could get a little extra pampering.  It's a little longer of a service than the express, but it's not super long where I feel like I just want to get out of there.  Some people might like that, but I can't sit having my nails done for 2 hours, so this is the package for me!I also liked how friendly everyone was.  The first time I came in it was a Monday afternoon when I had a day off before a vacation.  For most of the appointment I was the only one there along with 3 employees, so I just assumed that's why I got great and friendly service.  However, like I mentioned, this past time I went it was crazy busy but everyone seemed very happy.  One woman (I'm assuming it's Jennie since everyone else mentioned her) remembered my name from when I checked in and used it whenever she spoke to me while I was there even though she wasn't even doing my nails.  It made me feel like she actually cared that I enjoyed myself and would come back.  It's nice that she could remember my name out of the 20 or so people that were getting their nails done.I wish I could give 4.5 stars just because the two things I didn't like were so minor.  The first time I came in, there were two TVs on that were showing some kind of crime show.  I was reading a magazine so I didn't even realize what was on them until I glanced up quickly and noticed that in the show, a guy was tied to a chair and rats were eating him.  Kind of gross to see while trying to relax.  After that I kept noticing that the show was pretty gory to have on in a nail salon that I'm assuming services 99% women throughout the day.  Thankfully the second time they had on Keeping Up with the Kardashians, which is at least a step up from human eating rats in my book :)The other thing that I was a little sad about is that during the second pedicure I got, the nail tech used the scrub brush on the outsides of my feet and it actually wore off the top layer or two of skin in two small places.  My nails look awesome after the service, but this is the first time in 10 days since getting the pedicure because all of my sandals rubbed where the skin was removed and it was very uncomfortable.  This has happened to me once before so I know that it can easily happen when a brush used to remove calluses is rubbed on more sensitive skin.  I was just a little bummed that it happened since I obviously don't have rough skin on the outsides of my feet so it probably didn't need to be scrubbed there.  Again, both very minor things that don't make me change my mind that this is an awesome salon.  I'll be back every time I need my nails done, and next time I'll make sure to say something if the brush burns my skin really quickly!
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,10/2/2013,63,73,2,6,6>I thought they'd improve, and they have.  They've always seemed too dedicated to not work on their weaknesses and accentuate their strengths, and they've done both.Last time there, the brisket was the juiciest yet, the burnt end appetizer was better than ever, the thick-cut smoked bacon was fantastic, and the beer list was just as good as it's always been.Further, the outdoor patio space they've added, complete with a couple TVs and an attractive wooden enclosure, adds some really useful additional square footage.And they seemed to have added, or perhaps I just hadn't seen it before, the option of getting a whole pig served at your table (must order at least a week in advance).  Sounds like a pretty cool excuse to get some friends together.There are some good BBQ options out in AA, downtown and out east, but Lockhart's is certainly the best in Oakland County -- Union Woodshop aside, perhaps...
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,10/1/2013,64,71,2,10,7>Just to be clear.  You are going to find yourself comparing this with another popular quasi-fast food burger joint.  It's a natural thing and it must be done to an extent.  But you are going to have to evaluate the contents very carefully.  What's important in these days of hormones and pesticides.  Now look, I'm not one that goes out of my way to order "organic" anything most of the time.  For some reason I feel that the price differential is too high and I can wash my veggies fairly well.  But if someone is going to do the shopping for me and throw it all on a bun, then heck yeah I'm going to give it a try.  And this stuff is good.  Freshly prepared grass-fed beef with great cheese and bacon and the yummy toppings to go with it.  This is a good juicy burger and you don't feel nasty afterwards.Now...For this location, access and parking will absolutely be a challenge.  If you're going during any normal traffic times, then just know that when you leave you will almost certainly have to go West on Washtenaw even if you don't want to.  Trust me, it will be the best way to avoid rage.Eat there.  After a few visits, some taking the order back home and some eating in the restaurant, you will be most satisfied with the quality if you just eat the meal there.  The fries are done up in olive oil and they can turn a bit soggy fairly quickly.  Mind you not to the point inedibility, but the crunch you get in the store will be superior.  Additionally, I find that the buns can go soggy pretty quick, but if you eat it there, then this doesn't become an issue.Finally, there is an investment.  Nearly every "good" item is an additional charge.  As long as you go in realizing you're not under a golden arch or a paper crown, then you'll have a better time coming to terms with the expense.So I'm a fan for sure.  You just have to know what you are getting into.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2013,9/30/2013,96,224,5,8,6>Shout out to Pauly G. for bringing this one onto my radar. Listen, I was sketch on this place from the word go.  Nothing to do with how it looks/where it is, but because on my first visit they were out of beef!  How ya gunna be called Beef Daddy's and be out of beef?  Wait are you out of beef, or you just don't have any beef?  Kidding based on the name mostly, sometimes places do run out of product.  So, that lead me to try the 'not so slim, slim jim'. Ohmehgurd it was awesome!  That slim jim style sub bun grilled crunchy on the outside, AND inside!  Gooey cheese, tender stacked ham. See the pic!  Fries were a treat, and priced well. Today I had the Beef Daddy Italian Beef sandwich, and to be honest it was mildly passable.  I like to try things as the creator intended, but I couldn't just do it plain, so I added cheese.  The beef was super tender, and the gravy moist, but it really didn't have flavor.  It needed salt, more beef flavor, something!  This made me think, beef sandwich is only ok but place had great reviews.  Seems it's a lot of the other sandwiches that come highly praised.  I'll be back to support this small business for another slim jim, and a cuban one day.  Also I bet the Hot Italian is killer.  PS. I think the one star review saying this isn't real Chicago beef so drive to chicago is a joke. Not sure I saw 'Chicago Beef' advertized on the menu, or sign. No offense mate.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,9/29/2013,188,247,4,6,5>I needed a mid-eastern food fix and decided to give Haifa Falafel a try. I ordered a chicken schwarma plate with a drink, salad, and the sandwich itself.  The sandwich itself was tasty and huge, much larger than many from the competition.  The delicate flavor of the chicken was never overpowered by and of the sauce or veggies. The tabouli salad was unique in that it was served in a molded for instead of just spooned up on the plate which made for a beautiful presentation. After complementing the restaurant regarding my pleasure with their food, they gave me a sample of their falafel.  You may have always heard that large balls are good but let me let you in on a secret.... small balls are better.  Haifa Falafel serves their falafel as small balls, about 1/3 of the size of what you receive at most mid-eastern restaurants.  Preparing the balls to this size gives me more of what I like about falafel, the crunchy outer layer. Excellent all round.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2013,9/28/2013,36,237,,7,4>After passing this place time and time again, today i finally tried it. For starters i had wings, which were good (could of been better). They have about 20 beers on tap, all of which are not your regular "liquor store beers" and are good. For my entree i had 1/2 slab of ribs (well done just how i liked them, but on the flip side are tough), macaroni and cheese (excellent mac and cheese, not better than rub's, but way better than slows), Waffle fries (also pretty good). Also had a piece of my fiancee beef brisket (pretty good actually, probably some the best in the area) and greens (also real good and probably best in the area). Only negative thing i can say is that they don't have enough menu options and they beer can be on the high side (although they do have a daily happy hour). Overall, i will be back here because it is good.P.S. they do have about 3 BBQ sauces, vinegar, and seasoning salt on the table, however none of them are labeled for me to give you names, but i will rank them1. Seasoning salt/rub-might be one of the two best things here2. BBQ sauce in the short bottle-really good3. Mustard based sauce- spicy and interesting4. Other BBQ sauce in tall bottle-ok, nothing special.5. Vinegar-need i say more.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,9/27/2013,169,227,3,9,6>I must admit a little secret to y'all (all millions of you reading this review):I get to the airport a little early and tend to book my flights midday if possible just to get to Sora for lunch (and have my company pay for it... maybe that's why I give it four stars?)Sure, it's a little pricy.  But seriously, in what other airport in the US can you get a maguro natto while waiting for a flight (and a damn good one at that?) (Newark, actually, where there's another Sora Sushi).  My order is always the same thing:  Maguro natto and a futomaki.  Both are always quickly served and delicious.  The futomaki is near dead-on traditional, and is quite filling.  I always enjoy mixing my natto while observing other patrons at the bar staring in abject terror (I also really enjoy the taste, once you get over the texture).   When my wife accompanies me, she usually gets some type of noodle bowl, and always has enjoyed it.   We've never had issues with food quality or things tasting off.  I laughed as I read some of these reviews where people complained about the fish "probably frozen, definitely not fresh" -- the FDA says sushi grade fish must be frozen for a week at a certain temperature to destroy parasites.   Therefore, all sushi grade fish is frozen!The service has ranged from phenomenal to ok... you're not going to miss your flight if you stop in.  TLDR:  Good (but expensive) sushi joint in an airport.  Much better than the other options at DTW.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,9/26/2013,99,290,,12,5>I was gifted a massage voucher for AHH. I finally made an appointment to redeem it and I do plan to return. I live somewhat in the area and never knew the place existed. Once I found it (right under my nose), it looks like a bland medical office building from the outside, but once I stepped in, it reminded me of a fancy 70's themed office. The furniture and decor screamed mod-70s and this is a good thing. It was relaxing and zen-like. I was offered a selection of teas to choose from while I waited. My appointment was at 7 pm, but the masseuse was a good half hour behind. No big deal to me, but had I been a half hour behind, I'd probably be charged for it. Just saying. The rooms were simple, yet had zen-like 70s decor on the walls. It wasn't pretentious or anything, but it just reminded me of such. I had the option to choose the pandora station I wanted to listen to during my massage. I chose the Isley Bros. station, which provided a slow, relaxing soundtrack to my massage. Excellent massage... she paid attention to problem areas that I pointed out. I'd definitely go back. I have a hard time making a regular routine with things, so I don't think it'd be an "every few weeks" type of thing, but when my finances allow me to treat myself to a massage, this is where I'd go.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,9/25/2013,103,227,,14,5>Our Lab went through a really scary ordeal over the weekend. Since the vet was closed, and it wasn't exactly an emergency situation, we spent a lot of time online trying to diagnose the dog. We pretty much narrowed her illness down to Old Age Vestibulitis. We also read a ton of horror stories of vets that were very quick to euthanize dogs with this condition when it isn't necessary. What a relief when we took the dog to Nichols and she was diagnosed with Vestibulitis, and we were not pushed to have unnecessary tests or treatments done. They gave us advice, and slowly but surely, our girl is getting better. Luckily, our fears of suggested euthanasia or a barrage of unneeded tests were for nothing.
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2013,9/24/2013,120,245,3,7,6>I die for Mark's Carts! Went to dinner here tonight with three others and had a pretty idyllic meal from San Street. I got the mushroom buns and ahhhh they were so delightful! Perfect fluffy buns--steamed at the cart, I believe--sautéed mushrooms with sesame seeds for texture, sauce and a crunch cucumber. My boyfriend got the pork buns and was impressed. Mark's Carts is a wonderful place to take a meal, quality without pretension, Ann Arbor denizens of all stripes in their spring best sharing benches and enjoying the sunshine. Planning on going again with a friend for lunch tomorrow, will probably try the Beet place!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,9/23/2013,77,274,11,5,4>The pizza is a lot like Communism. In theory, it shouldn't work. The woman and mine's pizza of choice is usually pepperoni and mushroom. And at Green Lantern, the mushrooms are canned like the laugh track from most sitcoms and the pepperoni is the cheap kind where the edges crinkle up in the oven to form little saucers of grease. But there's one key component that makes Green Lantern's pizza work-- the sauce. It's thick, slightly acidic yet sweet and like a good drummer it holds the whole act together through the rough portions. No where was the power of Green Lantern's sauce more evident than the Lantern bread. On its own, it was just cheese and baked dough. None of the garlic you find in the pizza bread I normally like. But when dipped in the sauce, it becomes almost magical.And since I'm the kind of guy who likes my pizza the same way I like my Rat Pack-- heavily sauced-- Green Lantern works for me. Albeit, I realize it may not work for everyone. You have to really like a saucy pizza to like Green Lantern.
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,9/22/2013,438,102,4,15,7>When I need a change from the busy city life that I live in, I come here!  Can't hear the busy honking traffic and planes flying above lining up on their flight route to land. As you approach the park from Milford Rd you've just encountered at that moment  what nature looks and feels like. On the right you'll see Kent Lake filled with at least 100+ white swans sitting with some black swans and sandhill cranes. All those birds together make it sound like there's an orchestra being performed naturally and but loudly. We make our way to the farmhouse and the staff there are always friendly and willing to assist us when needed. Lots of the areas are locked up due to it being closed for the season hours, which changes often. So get there early to take advantage of all what they have to offer. Such as the hay wagon ride, feeding the animals for lunch, observing the chicken laying eggs and being shown how to make maple syrup from the forest. There is so much more that I can continue to write more but that would take for ever.  (Stay tune for reviews to come). Just remember to bring some wild bird seeds for your bird and chipmunk trail walk, they eat it right out of your hand. This is my first choice in the Southeast Michigan area to come to first. If your looking for fun, romance, picnic, skating, horseback riding, skiing, love, sledding, bike riding, etc.....I can go on, but this place is the heavenly place you'll find near you. Give it a try and let me know what you went looking for!
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2013,9/21/2013,66,53,3,10,5>BASIL FRIED RICE!!!!!!!!!!!I just started working in downtown Detroit and my co-workers took me here. The basil fried rice with vegetables is the best thing I have ever had from a Thai restaurant... and I am normally a pad thai girl! I have had basil fried rice elsewhere, but it in no way compares to the deliciousness of this dish at Orchid Thai!The only real downfall here is how busy they always are. Can you blame them, though? They are amazing!! The first time I went, I ordered my food mild and it was waaaay too spicy. They immediately made me a whole fresh order and were very nice about it. They even gave me some spice on the side so I could add as much as I wanted. They are awesome!!!Go here. You'll thank me later. And you're welcome in advance. :)
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,9/20/2013,142,231,3,8,5>Ok, I have found my go to Indian place.  And thank you so much for opening up in my neighborhood!   I went there with several other Yelpers so of course, we were all looking for something to criticize.   We ordered a plethora of appetizers and I'm ashamed to say I wouldn't be able to rattle the names off if you paid me.  But every single one was good.  No better than good.  You could make a nice meal out of just those.I will admit, I am not a daring eater.  I like to dabble in some ethnic foods, but I generally will order the safest thing on the menu.  Such is the case for Indian, as I stay very close to the Tikka Masala and Butter Chicken varieties.   When my Chicken Tikka Masala came out it looked perfectly creamy with some lovely chunks of vegetables and  juicy chicken in it.    It was delish!!  I like to mix it with the rice and then spoon it onto some Naan.   I seriously could not get enough and ate the whole thing.   I completely overate as I was seeing stars afterward but it was completely worth it.I sampled a couple other's dishes to and everything was fantastic.   We all felt this was one of the, if not the, best Indian restaurants in Ann Arbor.   If you have a more tame palette like me, you still will find something on the menu.  But if you want to explore more of the dangerously spicy items, they have that too.   This will definitely be a regular spot for me.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,9/19/2013,125,326,4,7,8>Come here for lunch.  Order the american lunch box.  Thank me later.I love this idea - $16 and you get to pick one choice from a full meal of choices.  One salad, one soup, one side, one sandwich/main course, one dessert.  The options are essentially everything available on the regular lunch menu, so its a perfect mix and match.I found the food to be fresh and delicious - maybe not as inventive as I initially expected, but not a disappointment.  Presentation is big here - which I am one of the goofs that fall for.  The menu changes monthly I believe to keep with the season  The highlight of the lunch box will likely be the dessert - they have a different cupcake every day and fantastic sea salt chocolate chip cookies.Oh, and if you are vegan - they have an entirely separate vegan only menu - so you will be happy.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2013,9/18/2013,29,146,3,10,5>This place is the locational equivalent of crack for a food lover.  If having a world class market at your fingertips isn't enough to satisfy, walk up the stairs to find a totally relaxing ambience and a place putting out some seriosuly delicious and ambitious food.  Love the look of the place.  Love the wine list (get the Kunde Cab and thank me).Menu is excellent and it's truly hard to pick.  We went for lunch and had the hummus to start while I followed with the excellent lamb sandwich and she had the nicoise.  Both were truly excellent.  Service and decor are top notch.If any food market in the country is putting out a better restaurant let me know and I'll book my flight now.  They're running this place already like one of Birmingham's finest.I'll be back, and a lot.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,9/17/2013,190,319,2,8,6>I'll stop by any local spot at least once. Support local is my motto. I tried Hygrade Deli while waiting for my laundry to finish across the street. This is the only chili I have tried that makes me want to eat it in the summer. Chunks of ground beef remind me that it's made and not out of a can. The chili sauce is smooth and the beans are hearty. Definitely worth a try!Corned beef with swiss, russian dressing, and cole slaw has been a staple that I stick with when I want a corned beef. Hygrade has it and it is comparable. Fresh sliced meat on onion roll. It is enough for 2 people to eat or 2 hungry person. I would suggest that you call ahead if you are doing carryout because they are busy at lunch time. If you want a old school diner experience then I suggest you dine in at the counter and have a cup of coffee. They take cash and credit cards. I like Hygrade Deli, but don't go often because of the short evening hours.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,9/16/2013,182,276,4,8,4>I just took delivery of my Detroit Bikes Model A from Wheelhouse, and it was a great experience.   I pre ordered from Kelli at the DB launch party and she regularly kept me posted regarding the status of my bike.  When i took delivery, the staff was very helpful fitting a kickstand that required minor modification.  As for their parts and service, the prices were very reasonable.  The location is right along the Riverwalk with abundant free parking, and the bike rental and tour  operation makes this a one stop shop.  Top notch!
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2013,9/15/2013,137,360,3,5,6>Well I'll be. Came here for brunch with a friend who is gluten-free. Did not know what to expect. Had to shift my expectations around but now I'm golden.I went the western route (an ann arbor omelet with bacon) and everyone else at the table went the eastern route (bi bim bop and japchae). I thought I was craving 'merican freedom eggs, but turns out it was the Korean Seoul food I was after. When their food came out I was salivating.My omelet was ok. It was over-cooked and my biscuit that had my mouth watering when I ordered it, dried up every molecule betwixt my lips. It was even half-burnt. Boo. Honestly they shouldn't have served it, or I should've sent it back, but I didn't want to be a bother.Where this place kicked tush was with the japchae which was soft, luscious, and with tender meat. I also liked the ban chan though it was only one dish (I prefer it when there are at least 5 different fermented side dishes). I did not sample the bi bim bop but it looked good. Really, though, it's hard to screw that dish up. I liked the atmosphere. Some of the waitstaff is really efficient and sometimes even brusque, but the young man who took over our table half way was extremely kind and friendly AND efficient. There is so much Korean food in Ann Arbor and this location is quite a bit out of the way for me, but Korean brunch may have to be a staple from here on out. Maybe next time I'll have more luck with the biscuit and eggs though I'm not sure I'm going to try.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,9/14/2013,43,277,2,9,5>I really enjoy the sushi there - as of right now this is my "Sushi Spot".  The have great deals - the best deal is when you dine in; you get a little extra side items to go with your meal.  The staff is very friendly and honestly i've never seen it crowded; so if you wanted to go for a group outing this place might be the place.  There's three TV's mounted on the wall - 1x shows pictures of all the variety of sushi and other 2 are different channels.  Sushi starting price is usually $8.95 or $9.95 (full roll) - I usually get a carry-out which i've never had a problem with.Great service and Great food - I think the next step will be me eating inside to experience that service.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,9/13/2013,120,190,4,7,6>My dad grew up getting ice cream from this place so I wanted to check it out myself.  It is a great hard packed ice cream shop.  Any place that has a peanut butter ice cream is always going to get an extra star from me.  It is right across from the water, but there isn't a great way to walk to the lake from there, which is too bad.They do all the standards of an ice cream shop, sundaes, malts & shakes.  They staff was young but well trained.  They were all fast, fun and friendly.  It has the small mom and pop type store you want to support, because it helps make the area unique.There are a few soft serve places on Harper a few miles away, but this is the only hard-packed place I am aware of in the area.  To RecapThe Good: Place is a local institution that has been around for decades.  They have a great variety of ice cream flavors and do a great job with shakes.The Bad:  The place does feel a little dated, but it kinda of adds to the charm of the place.The Band This Establishment Most Resembles: The Lovin' Spoonful.  Go get a big scoop of this local classic!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,9/12/2013,91,30,5,9,7>Fast service.  Blink and your half-eaten chips are gone.  Blink again and they're filled.  Empty plates sit for 5 seconds max.  Water and coke refill before your half done...  you get the idea.This is our post-mountain biking ritual...  EL PATIO!!!   (mexican for "the patio")  We love it because we can come in muddy, feel at home, the food is fast, priced right and pretty d*&% good.This is not a fancy joint folks. They also have no patio (which makes their name even more awesome)
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,9/11/2013,29,106,4,7,4>What a great place and the few times I have been to Union Street never over busy, which really surprises me! First of all the location is great if you are doing anything downtown. Right off Woodward. And close to all the stadiums but far enough to miss a lot of traffic. How have I been going downtown for over 20 years and just found out about Union Street about a year ago. Upon entering you get the feel this place has been here a long time and probably has some really great history. A lot of dark wood and not over decorated. The host was very nice and sat us immediately. This was a Sunday and we were dying to try the Bloody Mary Bar. I'm sure glad we did... it was really, really good. Everything you could possibly think of (except shrimp). They had multiple types of olives, multiple types of cheeses, a few types of asparagus,  tomato juice, clamito juice, BACON and an array of other things to add. This could be a meal in itself and the price was under $10 for a quality vodka.Sunday brunch so we ordered a variety of foods. The "Dragon Eggs" of course. Chicken breast stuffed with gorgonzola cheese battered then tossed in HOT sauce. Yummy! I had the boss burger made from angus double chuck grind and it was really good. They do seem to undercook them a bit so might want to explain you "done-ness". Grilled onions, mushrooms, cheddar, and bacon. How could you go wrong!?!?!  Wife ordered the lobster benedict and she was pleased with it and the large amount of lobster and the sauce. We all know the hollandaise sauce can make or break a benedict  The entire menu looks great.We have only had great experiences at Union Street and plan on going back. Food and staff are always exceptional and priced very reaonable. They had a 2 man guitar band playing background music that was at a nice low level. We played "name that tune" trying to guess what song they were playing.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,9/10/2013,39,61,3,5,5>Sava's is great for an all-around go-to restaurant. In the mood for drinks or wine? Want a full dinner? Brunch? A light lunch? They do it all, and really pretty well, too. They have a brunch buffet on Sundays, which is lovely and packed full of delicious food (smoked salmon!). Their burgers and other "hand helds" are fantastic - my favorite is the boccacini panini, with fresh mozzarella, pesto and roasted red peppers. Other favorites include the fish tacos, the southwest chicken salad, and the mac and cheese. They have nice happy hour drink specials (but you have to sit in the bar!) and they have a large side-patio for those who want to dine al fresco. Service is always friendly and upbeat, and the prices are reasonable for the portions and ambiance.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,9/9/2013,54,116,8,8,7>Took my boys here (17 and  3) after dragging them on a shopping trip.  I am already trying to find a reason to head out this way again.When we walked in, there was a small wait.  The hostess suggested the bar area (family friendly) upstairs.  Well, not only was that great for me to grab a drink, but there was a old-school "bowling" machine up there.  AND to top it off - it was FREE!!!  My three year old had just been asking to go bowling that week..  Can it be any more perfect?The answer - yes!  We sat outside on the patio because it was nice.  I had the Woodshop 101, my oldest had the spare ribs, the youngest had a pizza off the kid's menu.  OMG.  Holy Fat Kid Moment.  We were seriously in a lazy food coma but could not stop eating.  I even tried to drink another cocktail (something that had hot sauce in it) to try to see if I could fit more of the deliciousness in my belly but I gave up and had it packed up to-go.Needless to say, nothing made it until the morning.  And it tasted just as good.This place has a lot of hype surrounding it... and I do not like to give no-reservation places 5 stars, but this may be my exception.  Servers were great, hostess was friendly, it was a wait but there were things to "do" while I wait (free things - at that) and the food was epic.  It really is that damn good.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2013,9/8/2013,206,296,3,5,4>They have Belgium waffles and crepes... enough said for good BrunchMust do:Champignon Crepe (porcini mushroom sauce is divine). I usually never like savory crepes (I tend to like them sweet), but this was fantastic. Belgium Waffles with Strawberry/Bananas- you must get the Michigan maple syrup- not the fake stuff..Although this place gets busy on the weekends, I like the casual/family atmosphere- less of a 18 year old college vibe here  than the others...--- so I will def. be back again.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,9/7/2013,85,105,2,7,5>The Wagon Wheel is one of my favorite dive bars in the area, but I've only been here to drink. Until recently.My fiance and I decided to walk up here since we live in the area for their Friday Fish Fry and were NOT disappointed.We started with an appetizer of small beef nachos because we were starving and ordered a pitcher.  The nachos were a great way to start out. Fresh cheese, lots of meat, and plenty of fresh lettuce and tomato (way better than POOLES nachos).We both ordered the Fish Fry for dinner- did I mention that it's all you can eat??No? Well it is.There.The fish was fresh, flavorful, and the batter was perfectly fried (none of that gooey flour residue). I subbed waffle fries for the regular based on Annette's recommendation (thanks!)- Delish!Pair that up with some ice cold pitchers of beer, a game of darts, watching the game on one of their many TVs, and you have yourself a nice little laid-back evening.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,9/6/2013,110,138,2,7,4>I was pleasantly surprised at how great the brunch was!!  (And I am normally not a fan of all you can eat type set-ups.)   I started off with a trip to the salad bar area.  It was impressive.  Everything was super fresh with tons of salad toppings to choose from and they had HOMEMADE dressings!  (I can't stand the store bought italian and ranch which most places serve.) I noticed sauteed mushrooms across from the salad bar, at the carving table, and I loaded up my salad with warm, garlicky, buttery mushrooms.  The heat from the mushrooms made the lettuce and spinach wilt just a tad and my poppy seed dressing choice added a touch of sweetness.  Darn good.  I also spotted smoked salmon and shrimp at the salad bar but did not try them out.Then, I headed straight for the more "lunchy" options....  I tried some sort of "BBQ-y" chicken dish.  The sauce was definitely their own creation and it had a tad of melted cheese & caramelized onion on top.  I also tried some salmon and some sort of egg casserole concoction.  Everything was delicious.   I noticed they also had all of the normal brunch options you would expect..... an omelette and waffle station, prime rib station, soups, all the regular breakfast items.   The dessert table was super good too.  I loaded up on fruit for the chocolate fountain and tried a piece of super rich chocolate cake and a cute little cream puff.   I spotted lots of other goodies too...  cheese cake, cannoli, lemon cake.... all looked great.One of the better brunches out there.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2013,9/5/2013,16,93,12,4,3>Mexican chocolate. Salted caramel. That's all you really need to know about Treat Dreams, but of course, I have more to say. First, a topic for discussion: Is there anything more infuriating than knowing EXACTLY what you want at an ice-cream shop but having to wait behind a line of ten people slurping up bits from sample spoons and moseying over the menu over and over and over again? Treat Dreams, here's my suggestion: Open up an express lane for headstrong and confident ice-cream orderers, such as myself. I have no patience for the vegan and gluten inquiring, hair twirling, Instagramming, indecisive patrons.  Just give me one scoop of my Mexican chocolate and one scoop of my salted caramel, or I may have to flip the entire counter over and everyone will get nothing and like it. I don't take ice cream lightly (neither do my thighs), and I can't deny that I've been called an "ice-cream whore" a time or two. As of recent, I've been making my own ice cream at home and getting pretty fantastic at it, if I may be so pompous to say so myself. So, I know damn good ice cream. Treat Dreams makes damn good ice cream. But be warned: If I am PMS-ing and in need of my scoops behind you in line,  I SCREAM! YOU SCREAM! GET THE HELL OUT OF MY WAY, I WANT ICE CREAM!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2013,9/4/2013,250,223,7,8,8>I was spending the afternoon downriver and sought the wise counsel of Yelp in selecting a place to have lunch. When I came across this place, I couldn't resist. It's not every day one comes across a Hungarian restaurant. AND it has a positive review by Liz W????? I'M THERE!!The restaurant has folksy decor with a definite senior citizen vibe. There are all sorts of Hungarian crafts decorating the place, including some extraordinarily creepy dolls wearing traditional Hungarian garb. Thankfully, I was seated out of view of the dolls.I started with the cucumber/sour cream salad ($2 upcharge) because .... why not? I was looking for Hungarian food, and I can have a "regular" salad anywhere. It needed a bit of salt, but was otherwise quite tasty.I had a tough time deciding what to order for my entree, but ultimately decided on the chicken paprikas. I got a couple of pieces of chicken (half of a breast and a leg) served atop a plateful of nokedli (spaetzel-like dumplings) covered in a creamy, dreamy paprika sauce. While I would have liked a little more paprika, It was scrumptious, filling comfort food. I had two minor gripes: (1) the only sweetener they stock is saccharin. (2) They have a little counter that you go to in order to pay your bill, but you can't actually pay your bill there. Rather, the girl at the counter takes your bill and money to the bar at the other end of the restuarant, locates your waitress, and then your waitress cashes out the transaction. Not particularly efficient, especially when there are a few people waiting to pay their bill. (This also got me back in view of the creepy dolls.)I was way too full to check out the desserts. I'll try to save more room next time!
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,9/3/2013,20,141,6,9,7>My first experience at Z's was lunch and I had the pita sandwich. Honestly, it was pretty lame and I wasn't anxious to go back. Several months later a friend suggested we hit Zs before a Tiger's game. They offered a free shuttle so the cheapskate in me figured if I did nothing more than spend my $20 parking money on beer, it would be a win since beer is $10 at Comerica Park!We arrived before the other Tiger's fans and started with the bucket of beer special...6 domestic beers of our choice in an icy cold bucket for $15. Yep, I'm already saving money on my parking and I have ICE COLD BEER!  The waiter walks by with an awesome looking pizza. What goes great with cold beer? That's right kids, PIZZA!I order the "Warrior" which was a Detroit style pizza made with meaty goodness. It was fantastic! Two of us ate the whole large, no dogs at the park for us!The waitstaff were friendly and attentive. Y'all know how much I gripe about lousy service so Z's gets a gold star for that!Randy, the shuttle driver was kind enough to give us a 15 minute warning that his van would be leaving for the game. We drank up our beer and he said we could ask the bartender for a roadie. What, what, what? We can drink on the bus to the park? I have died and gone to heaven (If there's no beer in heaven, I'm not going!).Randy dropped us off, gave our drunk butts instructions about where/when he would pick us up, told us to be safe and enjoy the game. I gave him a big hug for being such a sweetie. He has a great laugh! After the game, Randy was waiting for us at the appointed place and the designated time. He was friendly and a great, safe driver. We went back into Zs for an after game celebration.  Randy made the experience great for us with his friendly demeanor. If you take his shuttle, tip him big because he's a swell guy. So, my second take on Z's is don't order the pita, get the pizza and icy cold beer!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,9/2/2013,504,642,6,10,9>Who expects to find hearty, belly-filling food in the pretentious food court -- pardon, "Peacock Cafes" -- at a mall that demands recognition as a "Collection"? My bemused lover and I wandered past on our way to the LEGO store, and finally got snared to try. The cat's out of the bag on Yelp for good reason. I, for one, welcome our cheesy noodle overlords.Sweet Lorraine's prides itself on offering twelve varieties of mac and cheese on their permanent menu, ranging from ooey-gooey classic to rib-sticking bacon and cheese to more vegan-friendly alternatives stuffed with half the veggie crisper. Daily specials throw in the kitchen sink for good measure. I eyed up the green pesto machine with the intense look of a starving wild cat (or a pregnant woman, take your pick), and helped myself to a "mini" portion. Do not be deceived by European standards. Mini means a tureen for two, and the full-size portion is actually a foil-wrapped Fiat. Sticker shock for the fanciest mac 'n cheese varieties may set in until you realize you can feed a family of four pretty well. For the truly hungry, they offer a soup/sandwich and mini classic deal for about $7. You get their standby mac and cheese, a choice of a sandwich off their board, and satisfaction all around. The sandwich choices stand in the long, buttery orange shadow of their macaroni concoctions, as well they should, but I suppose they looked pretty good. But none was sufficient to snare me in their leafy wiles while I was salivating like a lioness over my most recent kill. The beau and I split a tureen of bacon and cheese macaroni, proof I can indeed share when genetics insist I save all the best parts for myself. I'll admit it -- between two hungry adults, the mini was a perfect lunch. We indulged on the al dente pasta coated liberally in a cheese sauce that sure as heck didn't come out of a Velveeta jar. This is real cheese and butter, baby. Forget your diet and pace yourself to really enjoy the taste. Bacon pieces were small and rich, adding flavour without overwhelming the mac and cheese in a complete bacongasm of porky fireworks (for that, go to Dino's and give big eyes at the waitress). Just right.Sweet Lorraine's also has homebaked cookies that turned out to be one part batter, four parts giant chunks of chocolate. Half a cookie finished both of us off until our dinner several hours later. Just in case we had any doubts about our choice, fully half the pretentiously named food court was full of patrons eating Sweet Lorraine's sandwiches or mac 'n chese. Don't mess with perfection, right? Forget skimpy salads, deep fried chunks of mystery meat, and oil-saturated French fries. Ditch that latte replacement for a real meal. Sweet Lorraine's serves up a great lunch that's both nutritious and delicious, meeting my demanding OMNOMNOM standards. It's probably the second best thing in this mall.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,9/1/2013,259,404,5,13,7>Great meat cuts, also specializing in middle eastern preparations and marinades. Halal.A little sample grill out front, between the smells and the taste tests, was driving people in like cattle (ooops!). It's a medium-sized butcher with chicken, beef, and lamb mostly. About half the meat is done Middle Eastern style - kefta, shwarma, shish kabob - and a few different marinades. Service, like most newly opened places, is abundantly friendly and helpful. The checkout line looks a little like a bank teller, but no less friendly. I picked up some marinated chicken breasts to get started and will be back in a week or two to try some other things.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,8/31/2013,398,356,8,6,7>Every time I come here I fall more in love with it. The first time it was the decor and the drink menu. Then it was the sliders. I want to pick one for you to showcase, but I can't. They really are all the best slider I've ever had.  Each and every one of them. Then this last time it was their outdoor tables. And the picnic tables are adorable and it's so great to sit outside and eat and drink,but I have to show my colors here. The big draw for me last time was when I figured out that they allow dogs in their outdoor area. I'm a total dog person and anywhere I can bring them is instantly my new favorite place. As if there wasn't already enough for me to love about them, they just made it impossible for me to love them any more. I got it bad for Green Dot. Carve our names in a tree bad.
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,8/30/2013,150,273,2,7,6>Once you get past the hostess everyone else is friendly, engaging and smile! Our waiter was very prompt and checked in without seeming like he was hovering. He was helpful with dinner selections. There was another guy who checked that our drinks were always full, cleared empty plates quickly and took care of our leftovers... All with a polite, engaging attitude.Cheese pizza for son was cooked to perfection and was very good.Chicken piccata was cooked to perfection and very good. It was a good portion for $$. Served with spaghetti /w meat sauce. Lasagna was a fairly good portion for $$. The flavor was very good. Nice layers. Dinners came with bread which was served hot. Very good . They also came with a garden salad but for an additional $2 ea. we got Caesar salads- which were good portions w/ plenty of flavorful dressing. The food and service made this a five. Thankful that I don't have to drive to Birmingham , royal oak... To find a good restaurant .Reservations for parties of 8+.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,8/29/2013,143,52,5,8,7>I have been here twice in the past two days. These were my first and second ever visits to the Big Beaver Tavern. Saturday night we just went for dinner and as soon as my boyfriend saw the Big Beaver Burger challenge he had to do it. There are TONS of pictures of successful challengers holding up the t-shirts that they give the victors. "It's only a pound of beef," I think were my boyfriend's exact words. Needless to say he too was successful. I ordered the 4 Alarm Burger and added seasoned fries. Wow. Both were amazing. I ate every last scrap of food. The 4 Alarm Burger is a burger patty seasoned with Cajun seasonings topped with jalapenos, pepper jack and their habanero sauce. Seriously so DELISH. The perfect amount of spice. The Big Beaver Tavern also offers a charity poker room in the basement which was the main reason we went to dinner here. My boyfriend just wanted to check it out. Sunday, the very next day, he and his friend went back to play in the tournaments at 1, 4, AND 7. YES, that's right he played in all three. Haha. I and his friend's girlfriend eventually met up there to wait for the guys and grabbed a couple of Bloody Mary's. Our waitress was really great. She was VERY patient even after the guys had a little more than they should have and were being kind of obnoxious. Our waitress Saturday was great too! Overall great service, great food, great experience! I have no complaints and will definitely be back! :)
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,8/28/2013,139,312,3,6,5>Wow. Who would have guessed that this unassuming restaurant next to a hardware store would have such delicious rolls?My boyfriend and I have stopped in twice and had terrific food and service both times.  From the outside, I couldn't tell that you could actually eat inside, but there is a room with tables behind the kitchen.  They bring you out free miso soup and salad before your order and you can help yourself to water in the meantime.The prices are outstanding for the quality and deliciousness of the food.  The New Alaskan is my favorite, although the Spicy Tuna, Mexican, and Alaskan Igloo are all quite good as well.  The Boston Ivy was okay, but won't be a regular feature of our orders.My favorite sushi in Ann Arbor, hands down.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,8/27/2013,68,109,7,7,5>CHEAP SHELLAC!!And the nail tech was actually efficient, helpful, and gave a damn about the end result. Here's the Jenee story...I am not a fan of these in-out nail places. In fact, I hate them. I went because I had traveled with a friend to this mall. I don't do malls. I like more unique clothing or TJMaxx clothing (ladies, you'll get that last comment) but I went to this mall to be the awesome friend that I am. While at the mall, I became bored. I was done with Macy's and the few teenie bopper shops I scoped just to see what the kids were wearing these days. So, I  thought, what the hell, I'll get a new color. My current shellac was about two weeks old and my nails were growing out. Do I wait for my shellac to peel and try to get a last minute appointment at my salon like I always do or do I risk getting a nail infection for beauty and try this place out??? Hmm? Decisions, decisions??Obviously I was extremely hesitant to go here but I didn't want to be overly judgmental. In the end, I  gave them a shot (well, duh!!! I'm writing this review, aren't I??).  Decision made and....my, oh my.....I cannot believe I left so satisfied (hey pervert, I was not referring to a happy ending. Get yo' mind out of the gutter, mister!).They removed my current shellac at no charge. Bonus. They let me pick my color at my leisure and even helped with my choice as I was on the fence between two colors. Once my shellac was removed, they asked exactly what I wanted and payed attention to what I said. My color looks amazing and shiny. The polish isn't nasty thick. The tech squared my nails just the way I like and he was a pretty funny guy too. After all of this, I almost fainted when he told me the price. $20??!!! Did I hear you right, sir?? $20 friggin bucks for shellac. Shit yeah, I'm sold. He received a fatty tip from me, that's for sure. I also have to mention, I was in and out of there within an hour. Even with my shellac removal. They had a system and it worked. I will be back. Yes, I will drag my butt in that damn mall again just to get me some good ol' shellac. C'mon....$20!!! I'd be crazy not to.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2013,8/26/2013,0,73,1,12,4>I went here a while back with a fairly large group.  We had made reservations for 7:00, but it wasn't until nearly 8:00 that we were actually seated.  This was a little frustrating, but we were brought an assortment of appetizers on the house shortly after getting our table, and several of us were not charged for drinks we had ordered.  It still would have been nice to be seated earlier, but at least we were compensated for the wait.Once we got our table, service was pretty good.  We didn't have to wait too long for anything, and there were no issues with figuring out bills.  No complaints there.The food was also pretty good.  I had ordered the filet, but about halfway in, I regretted not getting the smaller filet.  It's not that it was excessively big or anything - I just ate too many of the appetizers and I'm not a fan of taking steak home to reheat.  Prices were decent.  Definitely on the higher side if you're comparing it to somewhere like Outback, but this was also a much better steak than you'd get at Outback.  I didn't feel like I had been overcharged.Overall, I was pretty happy with the experience.  I would like to go again sometime with a much smaller group because I imagine it wouldn't be as much trouble to get seating on time then...
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,8/25/2013,128,145,6,9,8>What a diamond in the rough in the City!!!! I was across the street at Rocky's a few years back, but just made it down this past weekend.  Tons of fresh fruits and veggies, organic & GMO laden (your choice!!!), flowers, salsa's, garden apparel, etc... at decent prices.This place is HUGE!!!  My wife & I went down there last Saturday afternoon around 2pm and was blown away.  Covering three plus sheds, we were down there from 2pm - 5pm and hadn't  looked at everything yet.  Several of the booths were already closed as they sold out or decided to leave already.  Although I wish we would of came in the morning and bought the stuff super fresh, we still spent $40 and walked away with a little bit of everything.  After 4pm, alot of the booths starting offering mad deals on produce, and of course, I bought...  LOLOverall it is a great place, in which you can do lots of people watching, shopping, and have some plain ole fun!  We had a great time and will be back - much earlier next time!!!!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2013,8/24/2013,267,274,6,11,11>I love sushi. My husband loves Chinese.I hate Chinese food. My husband hates sushi. This place is PERFECT for us.Tai Fai is a small little takeout place that has a variety of sushi, noodles and Chinese food. Normally a place that serves multiple varieties of Asian food is not the greatest quality, but I trusted my fellow yelpers opinions and gave it a try.Wow! The sushi was really good and my husband really enjoyed his sesame chicken. Everything was super fresh and the owner is SO NICE every time we come in. The food is very well priced and comes in large quantities. This is definitely our new takeout place. I am so glad that we now have a place to call when my husband is craving Chinese and I am craving sushi!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2013,8/23/2013,376,267,2,19,8>Surely, I am no expert on Korean food...caveat begins there...Things that I took note of right off the bat. 1: All the other patrons were Korean. 2: All the other patrons in the restaurant were speaking Korean.So, ok I'm no Korean food expert. All I know is what my taste buds tell me and this food is nothing short of DELICIOUS. The banchan was a tasty mix of kimchi, radish, mushroom, potato salad, sprouts and some sort of steamed greens in sesame oil. It was a pleasant start to the meal, I especially liked the kimchi. The kimchi here is really exceptional.Per fellow yelper Seoung L's (yelp.com/user_details?us) recommendation, I started with the Duk bo ki. I guess it's a popular street food and I can see why. The sweet/spicy sauce was the perfect compliment to the soft and sweet cylindrical cake like dumplings and the bits of rectangular fish cakes gave the dish a little depth of flavor with just a touch of fish flavor...nothing overpowering...it just added to the dynamic flavors in the dish. I'd come back to Korea Palace just for this dish.My husband ordered the Bi Bim Bap and raved about it. He's eaten it many other times before but said this was up there with the best he's ever tried. I got the Jaeyuk Bokkum, which is kimchi atop steamed tofu. I liked my dish quite a lot but would've gotten something different just for variety. I had already eaten quite a bit of kimchi at this point in the meal so it was a bit of a repeat. But the dish was so delicious, it didn't matter. There was also plenty to take home.The service was prompt and very friendly. It was an all around homerun in my book. I will be back very soon. That Duk bo ki is calling my name!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2013,8/22/2013,409,83,5,10,8>Their has been few times that I come out of a restaurant and felt really happy. This visit was unbelievable. I have read reviews about this place but I feel that some of them have done them an injustice.The ambiance is fantastic considering that most chinese restaurants generally welcome you with the traditional ruff demeanor. This image and ambiance speaks volumes that the dishes here are taken seriously. The freshness and quality is the first thing you notice. The dishes are presented beautifully and the vegetables jump out with color that suggest they do not sit around. The sauces are perfect regarding seasoning and flavor.The show piece of this restaurant is the Peaking Duck that they present table side and then the meat is sliced and divided. Then the meat  is placed on these chinese crepes with Hoison Sauce and scallions. These little crepe sandwiches are culinary students wet dream. There is a humble simplicity to these sandwiches but it is back up with big time flavor that makes them seriously complex. Once the duck is finished they take the remaining parts of the duck to the back to pull away the meat that is left to make a stir fry. The stir fry consist of bean sprouts which brings fresh element to the oil and richness of the duck in the stir fry.This place is expensive but I will gladly pay for quality and service and this place does both well. The service was fantastic and genuine. The server was enthusiastic and wanted to pick the right dish for us. I know most of us envision a different take on chinese food that we eat but see what happens when a chinese restaurant takes the quality, food, service serious.
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,8/21/2013,45,145,5,12,10>Haab's holds a special place in the hearts of my family and I; my parents got engaged here 30 years ago and it has continued to be a place for my family to gather together and share special times.I will admit that the restaurant used to be a little bit nicer, almost romantic, whereas now it is more kitschy and quaint...but that vibe works for me, too.  Since this place has been a staple in downtown Ypsilanti for SO many years I think the "old" feel suits it well; it is quintessential "Ypsi" charm.Lately I have been stopping in for lunch and they have really delicious burgers and sandwiches, and their soups are Uh-mazing (butternut squash, anyone?)!Whether you live nearby or are just passing through Haab's is definitely worth a try.  The food never disappoints!  I myself need to *finally* (after only living here my whole life) try the renowned Happy Hour!
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,8/20/2013,81,26,10,12,15>Um...this place da bomb, and anyone who didn't give five stars is a pretentious yahoo who likes to hear themselves talk. (I can't understand reviewers who say things like "My experience could not have been better!" and then bestow 4 stars...does the establishment have to gold plate your fork and agree to have your baby before you grant the fifth star?) Yes, the menu changes, by design, to reflect best of ingredients available. If you want consistency, go to Applebee's. In my estimation, the concept of Local Kitchen is solid and well executed. The food is an inventive take on bistro standbys, expertly prepared. The menu has an impressive breadth of variety, so all your buds with their varying diet quirks can be accommodated. Their cocktail inventions are delightful and fun. The wait staff is knowledgable, helpful, and efficient. The prices, while not cheap, are incredibly reasonable for the quality and care that goes into this dining experience. (And if your slim wallet dictates a less spendy indulgence, there are definitely items to accommodate thriftier budgets.) They even had a tasteful and non-disruptive live entertainment at my last visit. In all, this is one of my favorite new discoveries for those nights when a great dinner is the centerpiece for a get-together with friends. There is good reason for hour-plus waits on weekends: because it's well worth the wait.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,8/19/2013,198,632,7,18,11>I've had Giovanni's bookmarked forever, based on Liz W's review.  Finally I made a reservation for an early dinner before my Mom and my last show of the Fisher Broadway series.  We loved it!  The ambiance, with the darker interior and personal portraits on the walls, makes you think you could be in someone's home.  And you very well could be with how the owner comes to your table to chat, like you're one of her own family.Mom and I split the calamari and Shrimp Giovanni apps.  Well, she wanted the calamari and I wanted the shrimp, and neither of us would budge... so we got both.  We finished the calamari there - thick, tender fingers of breaded calamari in a lemon, caper sauce that they serve table side.  The shrimp are jumbo, and the risotto served with it was just perfect.  I brought home half of this app, and it reheated better than expected.Mom went with a veal dish with crab and asparagus in a brandy cream sauce, which was delicious.  Thin, perfectly cooked.  Her side was linguine with red sauce.  Now, I'm never a fan of a side of spaghetti - I'd rather have a veggie or salad or, well, anything other than a side of pasta.  But damn, that homemade linguine was mind blowing.  You can tell its homemade - thin, thin, thin and finely cut.  I went home to Ken later and raved about that linguine.  And only the linguine.  I mean, I cannot even remember what my main dish was that visit.  Awesome risotto - check.  Mind blowing linguine - check.So, we had bring Ken back, right?  Started with the calamari, split table side onto three plates.  Still delicious.  Mom got the filet this time, which was even better than the veal.  Ken, after only two bites of Mom's steak, said top 5 steak of all times for him.  Big praise.  Big.  I remember what I had this time - the Braciole di Manzo, which was tender and tasty, but, for me, a bit overwhelmed by the mushroom gravy.  I asked for, and received, risotto as my side (because I wanted Ken to try it, and he did not disappoint, practically licking the bowl clean).  Ken had the Ravioli Friuli - ravioli filled with Boursin cheese and sun dried tomatoes, topped with crab and a champagne cream sauce.  Very delicately flavored dish, but I would get it myself next time.Oh, and the owner gave us a snippet of lasagna our first time there, and we were hooked.  They use fresh pasta and cheese, layer upon layer of it (I think I lost track after 12).  And it's not a tall beast either.  Thin layers.  Red sauce over top.  We enjoyed it enough to buy small ones to-go (they come with a tub of red sauce and some garlic bread), which we froze, defrosted for a day, then baked in the oven.  Giovanni's at home!Parking:  there is street parking available (you can tell exactly where this restaurant is because there's no traffic or cars parked for most of the trek once you get off 75, until you get to Giovanni's, where there are cars).  I'd recommend valet.  It's cheap, and all we've ever used.Reservations:  Make one.  Even for a weekday.  It's the right thing to do when you're dealing with a small-ish, nicer restaurant.Attire:  please dress up a little.  It burns my butt to see a puffy haired teenager in saggy basketball shorts and a baseball cap here, when I'm trying to enjoy my fancy meal.  Please just put some khakis on.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2013,8/18/2013,169,223,7,17,8>I was shocked to see that I had yet to review Lazybones when I logged on to get their phone number the other day. I was thoroughly ashamed of myself. Seriously. I felt like I had done an injustice to my fellow Yelprads (that is my new term for Yelp Comrades). I guess better late then never right?What sets this place apart from other BBQ joints is their creativity and ingenuity when it comes to their menu. Sure you have your staples like Ribs, Pulled Pork, Brisket, etc. which are all excellent by the way, but items such as their Pulled Pork Egg Rolls and South Warren Dog (Deep Fried All Beef Hot Dog topped with Mac & Cheese, Chili and Better Made Potato Chips) is what sets them far apart from the rest. These are not always on the menu though as they are usually a $5 bi-weekly special they run, but when they are you'd be wise to give them a try. Overall there food is outstanding and the only complaint I have is with their Cole Slaw. It is vinegar based and not creamy like I am used to so I do not care for it all that much, but I am sure there are many out there that prefer that kind to the stuff I like. To each their own I suppose. I am a HUGE fan of Mac & Cheese and theirs is at the top of some of the best I have ever had. There is this indescribably awesomeness that I love so much about it that it is literally making my mouth water right now just thinking of it. There have been times where I have ordered that and only that for dinner because it's that good. Their Jumbo Smoked Chicken Wings are wicked good too especially when paired with their Chipotle Buffalo sauce and are a steal at a buck apiece.We have also ordered off of their special Holiday catering menus as well and everything has always been top notch and super affordable. For Easter this past year we did their Ham special they were offering and figured that if we had made everything from scratch we'd only be saving like $25 when it was all said and done. I love to cook, but sometimes it is nice to have everything done for you and all you have to do is heat and serve it and $25 is well worth it not to have to be up super early prepping and cooking.All in all Lazybones is the best BBQ place I have found in the Metro Detroit area. It even beats out Slows which I am not a big fan of anyways. To me that place is overrated, over-hyped and over-priced. Not to mention you are lucky if you only have to wait an hour for a table to enjoy mediocre BBQ. With Lazybones I get a better quality product at a cheaper price and in about 20 minutes tops. Why would I go any place else?**UPDATE**I just recently got back from a business trip to Memphis and while there I was able to sample a few of their BBQ joints. I'm not gonna lie when I say this, Lazybones beats even those true authentic Memphis Smokehouses. Chef Deni knows what he is doing and does is exceptionally well.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2013,8/17/2013,402,837,6,8,7>My friend suggested we come here last night after dinner for a night out of fun and music, so we came, and I'm kind of glad we did.  Not the fanciest bar by any means, but it was a lot of fun, and reminded me of places I would go in college to hang out, listen to music and get drunk.Bar has ample seating, a decent menu and a full bar for drinks.  There's a pool table in the back, and the bathrooms are real nice. Sometimes bar bathrooms are gross, but this one, my friends, is not!  Clean, cute ample space along with enough toilets to get the job done.The staff was friendly, drink prices were okay, and it's one of those bars that has it's regulars along with people like me who like to drop in once in a while for drinks or a quick bite to eat.  They had a great cover band last night, which was a blast to listen and dance to for a Saturday night.Overall a great experience and worth the visit.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,8/16/2013,272,268,4,7,5>Yes, I admit it I am definitely a fan of Nikola's! I have been to this establishment quite a few times.  On Thursday evenings (after 7 pm) Nikola's has a jazz ensemble!  Very very nice touch.  While I sat there with my friends eating a Cobb salad (yummy) and drinking my Cabernet I was able to listen to the jazz band.  Very nice.  The only glitch was one of my friends didn't like the cole slaw, but she eyed my other friend's tossed salad when it came and I believe that she just wanted to change it to a tossed salad and the waitress obliged her!  My Cobb salad was humongous and therefore was able to eat it for lunch the next day as well.  All in all everything was great.  The servers were also really really good.  For one reason or another we had 2 servers and the one that really stood out was Sandra - she was awesome.  Definitely I will go again - love the ribs!!!!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2013,8/15/2013,218,109,6,7,5>I love coming to Seva, but I'll make a night of it! They're above a comedy club that is a bit "basementy" but in a good way. I feel like I'm sneaking down into the basement after dinner with the neighborhood kids to laugh at nonsense and drink my parents booze.I am also a vegetarian who loves wine, so this place is my Boo! It has tasty wines and it has also come up with the greatest thing since General Tsao's Chicken... General Tsao's Cauliflower! I love it, it's savory, it's wonderful! They also have a raw juice bar that I fully intend to try soon. I've always wanted to sit on the patio, it looks like some prime people watching potential. I understand that people like meat, but take a night off for **** sake! And take that night off here. Unless you're a T-Rex, I promise you wont miss it.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,8/14/2013,151,160,2,9,7>Recently reopened after being purchased by a couple of local business entrepreneurs.Bargains galore. I purchased a bag of 12 fork split english muffins for $1.99.As  being seconds I didn't see any of that this time. Perhaps being new reopened has something to do with it. But for the most part the flaws are minor.I do suggest that the good through dates be checked out.They have english muffins, danishes, brownies with nuts and with out nuts, donuts, date bars, angel cakes, banana sheet cakes, cinnamons buns, small and giant and on.Things can be put into the freezer if you tend to do stock runs like I do. They take credit cards.It's very worthy of a look see.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,8/13/2013,26,55,3,8,5>I am proud to be the first person to share a review of the Tulip Nail Spa!This experience was fab and I will return soon!! This place is a real find!PROs:Quiet and peaceful spa feelModern and soothing decorFriendly and professional staff (very attentive but not awkward)Awesome services are detailed and worth the priceGreat value ( offered 20% off services)!OPI nail polishesOffered water and coat rackHot water in pedicure water basins and leather massage chairsDiscount card for frequent clients Good location in Novi area! ( shopping, restaurants and massages in vicinity)CONs:Waiting\drying area after pedicure seemed a little tight  ( but not a big deal)I fell in love with Tulip! This will be one of my new relaxation stations in Novi! I pray they keep there standards high! Plz, plz, plz!
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2013,8/12/2013,202,393,3,7,4>The best tasting sushi I've found in Detroit, and it also helps that it's reasonably priced!!Wow sushi quickly became a favorite for the bf and me because he always wants nigiri, and I have this love for chicken teriyaki bento boxes that I can't explain. This is our happy compromise :).The nigiri here is good and reasonably priced. Dinner bento boxes come with (i think) miso soup, salad, grilled chicken over some veggies, a generous portion of tempura (that includes 2 shrimps!!), a California roll, and 3 pieces of nigiri. The lunch bento box comes without the nigiri. The only con I can think of is that the bento boxes don't come with rice, but I just order an extra bowl to eat. Also, their mochi ice cream dessert is good. Service is friendly and prompt, and I don't have to wait long for food at all.I'm a huge fan of wow sushi and can't wait to get some soon!
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,8/11/2013,2657,302,24,29,28>I just had an Epiphany, when I retire I wanna be like "Ernie"!  He is young at heart, full of life and has a true passion for slicing cold cuts and selling it dirt cheap.  He almost made me tear up when he said a cold can of Faygo cola was only 50 cents.  My man!Pulling up to the corner in this Oak Park subdivision was an old brick building covered in dust with a single door littered with what looks like eviction notices .  As you enter & pass the isles of chips & coolers of pop you enter the show, the show that is Ernie's Market.    Ernie is not shy, and having only just met him I doubt he has ever been shy a day in his life as he shouts  "step right up" like a carny calling out carnival game at a fair.  Ernie slices the cold cuts on his trusty slicer as he interviews you to see what you want on your sandwich like he's Bob Barker hosting the Price is Right.  His lovely assistant assembles the sandwiches as Ernie does magic tricks & flirts with the ladies, doing his best Austin Powers imitation.... "Yeah Baby!!!!" Lol. What a  trip man.  Fresh sliced lunch meats & cheeses piled high on an onion roll with mayo, mustard, pickles, mild pepper rings & pickled jalapenos.  Throw in a can of Faygo & a bag of locally made better made BBQ chips and you have all the tools necessary to have a great picnic at the park on a beautiful spring day.  Ernie couldn't help but brag how he was voted the best by multiple news & papers, multiple years in a row.  Ernie you got my vote bro! Keep rockin with your bad self & thanks for the Bomb Ass Sandwich!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,8/10/2013,35,44,2,13,7>Came in here today with a friend after seeing all the positive reviews. Absolutely amazing Chinese food!  From the wonton soup to the fortune cookies. You can tell most things have homemade touches. Our server was by himself and the place is small and packed, but he gave wonderful, prompt service with a smile. The place maybe a tight squeeze for a full size power wheelchair, but a scooter or small manual chair would be okay, with proper maneuvering. The bathrooms are single person and accessible. Our server was very kind and although I have a visible disability, he treated me with old fashion courtesy, not pity or confusion. (As some folks from different countries may not be exposed to disabled persons, that does happen) It was loud in there because there was a large group of people having a good time, but the food was so good, I didn't care. I would not recommend going on an intimate date here, but remember they do deliver and offer take-away service, so you can still impress that special someone with some kick-ass food!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,8/9/2013,39,48,1,10,6>WARNING: Great beer ahead!You may be wondering how I'm rating a place that hasn't been officially announced as opened. Well, I'm a bit of a gambler and bought a membership, something that unfortunately isn't offered at the moment. Admittedly it was a bit of money, and a bit of a gamble for a place I've never been to, but I'm all for supporting local businesses. I'm not getting any kickbacks or anything, just some perks like discounts and knowing when the place is open. The owners are still working out kinks before their officially publicized opening, which I think is a good way to go about things. I'd also imagine it's quite hard to test making thousands of gallons of beer without people to consume it.I'm rating Falling Down for what it is. It isn't a a well established brewery that has been open for a while, and it isn't backed by substantially large investments. What is it then? It's a fine example of an American dream at work.I've been to quite a few newly opened places. A lot of them have nice new interiors, nice looking menus, and newly paved parking lots. This is all fine and dandy, but a lot of owners miss the point of why people come. More importantly, a lot miss the reason why people come back again and again.Drive up into the parking lot, find an open spot, walk in. The bar is right smack in front of you and large stainless steel beer whatsits sit in a room to your right (that's where the magic happens). To your left you will find newish but dated booths. There are a few new things spattered here and there, but the only place I'm really concerned about 'new' is when I'm in a place like Ikea. After all, I'm here for something more important, and that thing my friends is beer, good beer.I have been to Falling Down quite a few times now, and I've seen improvements every time I've been. There are now new menu items, a new beer, and that seizure inducing light in the bathroom has been replaced. I've had 5 different beers so far, and all of them were what you'd expect from a good brewery. The brewmasters are still getting used to the equipment, so it's interesting to try the beers that didn't quite turn out how they expected, especially since they still turn out better than most things you can buy at a store. The Ninja Chicken, which actually has been turning out the way they've been expecting, has been selling like crazy from what I hear. In fact, they just ran out tonight. Don't worry though, it'll be back. Try the amber ale! I believe I've found a new favorite.I've eaten a few things and can't complain too much. The fried pickles could use a bit more crispiness, but the sliders (if they stay on the menu) were extremely good, and the Cuban sandwich was absolutely phenomenal. If you're not a fan of mustard, I'd skip it. The spicy chicken isn't so bad, but doesn't quite have that kick I was looking for. The Reuben egg rolls are another winner. I've never had anything like these before and recommend them as a good appetizer. I wouldn't recommend coming in strictly for food quite yet, but with that said, you can't go wrong with coming just for beer. The food is a good reason to stay and have a few more beers, and that's not necessarily a bad thing.One very important thing that I cannot discount is the superb service. The place is definitely ran by people who are there to please. It's not every day your at a place where the bartender is cracking jokes.Well, I found my new hangout. It's not the prettiest place right now, but there's good beer and good company. That's pretty much all I'm looking for. Beauty lies in the fact that I'll be able to watch the place evolve into something more refined. I hear of plans to have up to 24 different beers on tap and new booths. Hey, I'm a fan as long as the beer continues to be awesome.A true hobbyist brewer decided he'd like to make a lot more people happy. Really, what better thing is there in this world than doing what you love doing and sharing your experience with others? How awesome would it be to wake up every morning and say to yourself, "I'm going to make beer today". It's just inspirational.You may have noticed that I didn't give in-depth details about how each beer tastes. Admittedly I haven't quite yet mastered articulating the complexities of beer, but I live by the saying, "don't bump it 'till you tried it". Watch the website for updates. They are having their grand opening on March 29th with 9 different beers. I'm looking forward to trying out the new Green Tea IPA.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,8/8/2013,252,310,5,7,6>Not gonna lie - I have been to both Pat's & Geno's in South Philly (both on the same night), and if this place was anywhere near there it would not get 4-stars from me. But let's be real - not many places in the "D" really set out to make their version of the Philly Cheese-steak - so I still give these guys kudos for having a dedicated spot just for The Almighty Cheese-steak.Let's start with the "good." I got their 9-inch #2 South Philly, the way I like it wit grilled onions and Whiz (Cheese Whiz) on a white Italian hoagie roll. They offer wheat but you don't wanna do that on your first visit. The sliced rib-eye was tasty, not heavenly. Not overly greasy like in Philly but I suppose that's intentional if they want repeat customers and not just one-hit wonder touristy eaters. Also, there is a supple amount of meat but not loaded in there like in Philly. The amount of cheese was a little lacking - I believe in favor of keeping the sandwich dry to the touch and not too messy to eat. They don't mind that in Philly. The meat had a few fatty pieces that most would spit, but I swallowed. The fries with Whiz are awesome - they make a great fry here. The meat, Whiz, grilled onions all mesh well to form that trifecta - producing just the minimum amount of cheese-steak juiciness the wax paper can catch.The "bad" is simply that nothing about the cheese-steak really stands out here. It's a good cheese-steak but only one that Will Smith or Rocky balboa would scoff at. Then again, they don't have to settle for a Southfield cheese-steak so who cares?The "ugly" is that the place has a real corporate feel inside. In one way it's nice because it is very clean, unlike any urban sandwich shop. And I am sure that's what keeps them having loyal lunch traffic. But the seating inside is kind of awkward and uncomfortable - it is obvious they are presenting it as an ideal take-out joint. Very minimalistic decor and corporate vibe inside. I mean the framed pictured of downtown Philadelphia is not only cliche but you can practically see the JCPenney tag hanging from it. Stock photo on the frame is Philly!? Score!Overall - I give this place a generous 4-stars because I am a cheese-steak sandwich lover and to have a place dedicated to it like this in the D and follow some basic "authentic" guidelines on making it is very much appreciated. I don't pass through Southfield while starving often - but when I do I will think of Ziggy's! Also the pricing is very fair. Hungry? Expect to pay around $8 give or take. Starving? Maybe $10'ish. I recommend you at least try this place.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,8/7/2013,44,116,5,11,9>While I am not a soccer fan, my husband is -- he's a Manchester United guy -- and it seems as though this is the closest he can get to professional soccer in Detroit.  He loves attending these games, and after going to the home opener a couple of days ago, I have to say that I do, too.  Standing in the supporters' section was a fun time, and I loved the songs and chants and general enthusiasm of the crowd.  It seems as though there are at least a couple of food trucks outside of the gates at each game, and there is a bar behind the supporters' section that seems to serve as a halftime gathering place.  We parked in the Cass Tech lot but there is $5 secured parking right next to the field.While I do think this would be a fun event for children, I have to say that the language within supporters' section is a bit salty at times, so perhaps you'd like to sit on the other side of the field?  I think you get a better view of the spectacle, anyway!I'm exceptionally glad that there's a fun, inexpensive event in downtown Detroit that brings so many people together.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,8/6/2013,54,236,9,9,7>My hubby was in the dog house this week. Like, major doghouse. I It's not often this happens. So I was pleasantly surprised, yet terrified when he told me he had planned a date night out to try to make up for making me so angry. You see, as the resident "foodie" in our house, and the calendar manager, when we go out to eat, I pick the place about 99% of the time. Since I am a frequent yelper, I often have a list of the hot new places I want to try, or local classics that I just love to go to. So, when hubby told me we were going to Crave, I must admit - I was a little nervous. I had been here once before - just on a Saturday afternoon for a drink before a wedding - so I had no experience with their food, or really their dining atmosphere or service. I know they used to have a "club" associated with the restaurant which I never went to (though I heard their annual White parties were quite fun). Naturally, when he told me the plan, I jumped on yelp and started to read reviews and scour the menu. The reviews were mixed. The more recent reviews I read were not the best, so I was even more nervous that hubby's once in a lifetime chance at impressing me with a  restaurant choice was going to fall short. He had made 8:30 reservations. We were greeted by an unenthusiastic hostess, but then regreeted by someone else who had a much better attitude. I was instantly impressed with the space - great décor. The place was not packed- but almost every table was full of people - good sign, I thought! I wanted to start the night with a good martini - and they provided. I opted for the strawberry shortcake martini which came complete with a graham cracker rim - nice touch. Hubby's gin and tonic was strong. Off to a good start, and I was slowly forgiving the man!We began to look over the menu. I, of course, had pretty much already decided I would order sushi. I don't EVER get to go out for sushi - which was another point for the hubby since he picked a place that served it. He doesn't eat seafood, so I was worried he would have a hard time finding something that he really enjoyed, but they offered filet - so no problem there. We started with edamame - which was honestly great. It's hard to screw up steamed and salted soy bean pods - but I have been to plenty of places that can't get it right. These were bursting with flavor, very plump beans and the perfect amount of sea salt. Each of us got the house salad which for me, was only OK. The ingredients were all VERY fresh - but truth be told - I am a fan of the traditional Japanese dressing - not the vinaigrette they served here. Still, it was presented with elegance and I enjoyed it. On to the main course. I got the Tuna Crunch roll and the caterpillar roll. There were many interesting options, but I am allergic to shrimp, and many of their special rolls included shrimp. Both were AWESOME. The tuna crunch roll was a little on the small side - but seriously BEAUTIFUL - some of the best looking sushi I've ever had. Hubby got the filet - again - so impressed with the presentation, but even more so with the flavor! It one of the more perfectly cooked cuts of meat I can remember ordering in a long time. Another element of surprise - to really hit the night out of the ballpark - my husband TRIED SUSHI!! And (drumroll please) HE LIKED IT! He even said he would order it again! We each had another drink and debated over dessert (they had a triple flavor creme brulee which sounded great) but we passed. I was amazed, stuffed, kind of drunk and husband was forgiven. I'd call it a successful night.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,8/5/2013,515,128,3,22,11>I have been eagerly awaiting the opening of Cafe ML, it's so close to home and as part of the Roberts Restaurant group, it promised to be a real treat. The family of restaurants includes Beverly Hills Grill and Streetside Seafood, as well as Roadside B&G.  Glowing amber light, swanky seating featuring lots of wood and leather, industrial fixtures and gleaming mini-garage doors opening up to a beautiful private patio lend to the stylish and warm vibe at ML. The crisp white dress shirt and Tiffany blue woven tie donned by all staff reminds you that there will be top-notch service despite the relaxed energy vibrating within the space.  As far as the menu - creative, healthy and exciting are the words that come to mind. Sustainable seafood sourcing and humanely handled poultry, beef and pork are a huge plus. The fillet tacos  (served medium and piled high with tangy pickled onion, roasted tomato salsa, cojita and Mexican crema) stand out as my favorite item thus far, while the Jerk shrimp (presented on a bed of coconut rice, topped with pineapple Mango salsa and accompanied by a fresh bruleed banana) is a close second. The featured Rainbow trout was stellar, and you can plan on seeing some preparation of trout almost daily. We chose to order the smashed guacamole as an accoutrement to our fillet tacos, and what a fab choice that turned out to be. I imagine it would pair just as nicely with the Mahi tacos. Lobster is an available add-on to your guacamole! I quite liked the Cuban burger, loaded with Serrano ham, pickles and a very umami mustard sauce. We chose the flax bun and I suggest you do too. Your Cuban will arrive pressed, in true Cubano style.   As I assumed, the service was phenom, the staff has been tasting all the menu items so they know what's up. I am more than happy with my dining experience at ML, thrilled about the location, and truly excited to continue journeying through the menu.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2013,8/4/2013,9,55,4,9,7>I really like this place but you can get yourself in trouble here on several fronts -- going overboard with quantity bc it all tastes so good and then again at the cash register! lol  I think the pricing is fine enough, it's just my BF is crazy and gets a 1 1/2 lb. dish of fro-yo with toppings (and he's skinny!).  The different flavors of yogurt taste great but I prefer to stick to standard flavors and allow the toppings to take center stage.  Like others have said, the place is pretty immaculate and having been down the street where the teenagers are clueless that you shouldn't grab brownies with bare hands after handling cash, I appreciate getting things myself!  I also give them kudos for taking a spot previously rented by Cold Stone (an international chain with plenty of name recognition) and succeeding where they failed.  This is a tough spot as people don't necessarily want to walk south on Main Street past Panera.  They seem to have made it work.  I also wish them luck with the forthcoming new Yogurt store across the street.  I don't know what the h@## the other business was/is thinking, but you're the original and I'm sticking with you.  It really irks me to have an identical business horn in on someone else's great idea.  Go Yogurt Palooza!
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,8/3/2013,51,150,3,9,6>My first experience with L&B was before it opened - I encountered a webpage for the soon-to-open bakeshop. I was looking (frantically) for the right place to order our wedding cake and couldn't wait for this pretty-little establishment to open up, especially since it's right beside the place I like to get my hair did (Shout out to Changez!) on occasion.In total, I have experienced two cake/dessert tastings (one with my Mom and one with my fiance when he came into town, I'm not a total glutton!) and have ordered one item (a birthday cake in January) from L&B. Our first tasting was a positive experience, I believe we went in the week it opened. To sum up both of our cake experiences, on the plus side, they have eggless flavors which is really nice as a lot of our wedding guests (for religious reasons) do not consume cake as it's most often made with eggs. A lot of their menu items can be made egg-free (just ask when you make a special order) or can be enjoyed any day of the week (they have a good selection), which is a plus for us. The icing and fillings were sweet (some were too sweet for my taste but I can't fault it). On the negative side, some pieces of cake offered were dry and not many of them were moist like I expected and wanted. This is the reason we didn't go with L&B for our wedding cake - out of two tastings, it wasn't consistent and in general, not our ultimate favorite. HOWEVER, the service was fantastic, the selection can't be beat and you can tell there's passion brewing back there. The birthday cake we ordered, however, was on short notice and was beautiful - everybody in my family enjoyed the chocolate cake topped with strawberries and it was a nice surprise for my Dad. In general, out of the three times we've had cake from there, it seems the chocolate is among the moistest of the cake offerings.I can see myself stopping in for coffee and baked goodies making special orders for egg-free items in the future. Other goodies include pie pops, cake pops, cupcakes, cookies, macarons and other sinful creations, not all of which I have tried. During one cake tasting, we tried quite a few other non-cake items for a possible dessert table display (which we ultimately decided against). Had the price been something that we were willing to pay, we'd have been very happy with the options and the owner's willingness to explore other options based on our likes and dislikes.My three experiences have been positive for the most part. I would like to see what improvements are made in the next six months. Great ideas, some faults in execution but the service with a smile and super-cute surroundings do help.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,8/2/2013,37,44,6,7,8>This place was great! We went on a Friday night, and it was packed to the rafters. The guy checking IDs at the beginning was a little gruff, but whatever, it's probably necessary. We ordered from the bar and then wandered around a little bit, waiting for a table to open up. I have no idea what kind of magical Hogwarts grads they get to wait tables at this place, but somehow our server was able to be extremely prompt and on the ball despite the massive crowd and large number of tables he had. We didn't want for anything. The food was AMAZING. I had the vegan tots, my husband had the vegetarian hot seitan wurst, (the other people we were with probably ate stuff too, but they make pretty strong drinks, and I  have no recollection, hah). It's nice to be a vegan and still be able to enjoy quality bar food (one can only have so many hot pretzels, hold the cheese before going insane). As I said, the drinks were strong and well made, and because it was a Friday night, all Michigan drafts were only two dollars! Minus a star because of the ID guy and because the bathrooms were a little gross (ladies need to step up their wall graffiti too...touchy-feely platitudes from your mom's facebook page make for shitty reading material!). Overall though, Wurst Bar is most excellent. I want to go to this bar every day and become an alcoholic and tot-addict. Very easy to see why it's so crowded.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,8/1/2013,12,78,5,9,5>CRUNCHCRUNCH CRUNCHI'm still reliving the first few bites of that amazing large pizza. I headed here solely based on the reviews from yelp.My criteria for an awesome place is simple. Can they make something that I can'tI am an avid cook. I am a great cook, if I do say so. I can make what I like, through trial and error as well as most places, so when I taste something and immediately throw in the towel as something I can't make myself , I've found a place I lovePizza is tricky, the hand tossed dough, the oven. I mean who has that in their home? Yes, I have a pizza stone. A convection oven. Yes, I've made my own crust, purchased ready made crust fresh and preprepared. And there has been some lovely creations from my oven, but it's the best amateur pizza a man can make. This is in a league far far from thatI am sick of the typical plastic generic pizza served up by jets, guidos, cottage inn, hungry howies, buddy's. etc.I won't even mention the likes of pizza hut or little caesars so as to not insult the others I mentioned above that at least serve a decent mass produced pizzalet's talk about this crust.holy crap. thin, crispy. great residual corn meal. incredibly light but still of considerable substance to hold the toppingsthe sauce. HELLO. complex. fragrant. molten hot initially. I detected a hint of tarragon. it was slightly sweet but oh so fresh. tomatos. it was silky. the toppings were in the right proportion. not too much , not too little. I ordered pepperoni, mushroom and Italian sausage. none of them overpowered the overall taste. too many places crush your mind with too much topping.this all worked so welltip: the large can barely fit in tour car. It's the largest pizza I've ever seen. THe small can easily feed two adults.another tip: I had about a 15 minute drive home. The flavor and overall quality of the pizza was far better when it was hot.I would therefore recommend reheating this if there was a long drive home.once it cooled down, it lost a lot of it's original punch* I ate 3 slices on the drive home since I couldn't stop.and my two small boys said it was the best pizza they'd ever eaten. My picky 4 year old who previously called the little Caesar's hot and ready his favorite ( it's basically ketchup and a half ounce of mozz on a blasnd bread stick crust) , has traded in his simpleton 4 year old palate and changed to a big boy pizza. " I LOVE this sauce and pizza" he said to my amazement as I was prepared for him to hate it since it was real food. HOORAY!this place lived up to the reviews. freaking spectacular.I still need to get down to suppinos but they better blow my socks off to be better than this pizza. I think they would do well to eek out a tie, if they do that well
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/31/2013,53,254,6,16,5>I put off reviewing this place until I had a couple of experiences here. There's no need to get into it, but I was a tad peeved at my first go round from a customer service perspective, but I let cooler heads prevail.You never want to undermine a place because some 16 year old kid gives you attitude or forgets that you were on the other end of the phone, especially when the food is this cheap and awesome.That's really all there is to say - the food is fabulous and inexpensive.  Also relatively fast, but honestly I couldn't care less about that because I love the food so much. I've had enough Indian in my life to know that this is done right. You want a criticism? Work on the carry out packaging, it seems pretty wasteful. Not that it'll keep me away...
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2013,7/30/2013,794,350,5,8,9>My 501st trip to Buddy's. Something AGAIN that I never had.Okay, since my last review when I tried a different entree' I thought I would be venturous again. After my last review I got a compliment from a former employee. He suggested that I try the meatballs side dish. It's a meal in itself. Here is the description from the menu:  "Four freshly made meatballs, smothered with homestyle marinara sauce and oven-baked with mozzarella cheese. Served with grilled garlic bread" (Buddy's Menu 2013). I ordered them with the meat sauce instead of the marinara. These are without a doubt THE best meatballs ever. That mozzarella cheese had beautiful golden brown spots on it from the oven and oozed between the balls. The meatballs were made from an excellent combination of beef and pork. The sauce is the "mild" spaghetti version versus the optional "spicey" Detroit style.Mom, you can quit wondering if your little(huge) boy is eating well. Buddy's beat your meatballs.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,7/29/2013,139,856,5,9,9>Yum!  Another gem in this godforsaken neighborhood.  From the outside it appeared dark, and I wasn't even sure if they were open, but I'm happy they were.  The strudel only comes by the sheet, for around $7.  So, you can't just buy a little piece. While I was a bit surprised about this, there are plenty of free samples on the counter, which is a classy touch.  I got a sheet of the walnut strudel.  It ended up being enough of a snack for 6 of us.  It was super super super super tasty.  The hours are probably prohibitive to most people, but make an effort to get some strudel, it's so very worth it.  Ample free street parking.  Cash only.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,7/28/2013,229,201,6,14,10>I've always gone to the machine spray on tans but now that I've experienced a Airbrush Tan I'm hooked. My 1st time there they gave me a consultation of explaining what was going to happen and what shade of color I wanted.Then I went into a private room and got a custom spray, the room was warm and it didn't take long at all....she even gave me cheekbones, very cool! I was super excited when she was finished as the color was amazing and natural, no streaks or orange color....just a beautiful golden tan! Everyone who works there are helpful and very friendly.Tip: I Checked Into YELP and received a 20% off.....BONUS
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/27/2013,19,242,4,7,7>This is one of the best places to go downtown before or after a play at the Fisher or  Opera House (or maybe a ball game ). They will gear their service timing to your schedule. ALSO the food is exceptional. We were there with a party of 10 and Brian did a perfect job of service.My wife and I shared a small "pesce; appetizer which consisted of some smoked salmon, pickled sardines, grilled shrimp, parmesan cheese slices and toast points. It was excellent and plenty for both of us. My wife then had the Mushroom Risotto and it was delicious. I had the salmon cake appetizer as my entrée. It came with a tangy horse radish sauce which made the dish juicily perfect. Everyone in the group was happy with everything---a great restaurant!!!This is my first review but my fourth time here and every visit has been 4* or better.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,7/26/2013,182,168,2,8,6>Blue Collar Pizza is a friendly neighborhood pizza joint at 23 and Hayes. Their pizza is comparable to Jet's detroit square, but at a much more reasonable price! Ordered from there for the first time this weekend, and the pizza had just the right amount of cheese and toppings without being too greasy like other mainstream national chains. Will definitely be ordering their knots next time...they looked garlicy good!BTW... Joann is the sweetest! I hope you all get to meet her, she is the epitome of what a small town business owner should be. She is caring, kind, generous and willing to cater to your every pizzalicious need. I love supporting local businesses like this one. I hope you all do to!
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/25/2013,501,312,,5,8>I stopped in after work with some friends from work to sample the happy hour fare. This is a very "chic" place in downtown Plymouth, and it fits the area well. They had an extensive oyster bar selection, and it all looked very fresh. I opted for a pan seared tuna appetizer which was very good. Looking around at the other food being served made me think I've got several return trips in my future. Lobster Rolls, Lobster, Oysters, Calamari, and on and on. Plus they had my fave blue cheese stuffed olives for the vodka martini. I'm planning a return trip now for their Sunday brunch, which I hear is phenomenal!This place is not for those unwilling to part with a few bucks. But if you're up for paying for a quality experience and great food, you'll be at the right place.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,7/24/2013,73,199,8,4,5>I love hot tacos, I love cold tacos, I even love semi-warm day old tacos that have been left out on an end table after a house party. So it should come as no surprise that I like Hot Taco which is located behind the Fox Theatre in Detroit.Interestingly enough, I didn't get a taco (at any temperature). Instead I opted for a burrito despite it being lunchtime. What can I say, I like to live on the edge.My breakfast burrito earned extra awesome points because it contains avocado and I'm on this new kick where I eat avocado as I pretend I have a refined pallet. For about $6 the breakfast burrito filled me up and then some. The inside of this eatery is small and not great for groups but is a solid visit for lunch especially if you are alone. It would also be a good place for late night food or food before a Tigers or Lions game. The taco menu looked really good and Hot Taco also has glass bottles of pop, which is cool unless you are clumsy and chip your tooth. Don't be clumsy and chip your tooth.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,7/23/2013,50,136,3,10,9>The Detroit Historical Museum recently underwent an extensive renovation, and the result is a much modernized version of what was already a great museum.  The "Streets of Old Detroit" is super-popular--it's located on the bottom floor and you walk through a life-size recreation of historical Detroit, with the "streets" themselves getting more and more difficult to traverse (let's just say we should stop complaining about potholes--in olden times asphalt and potholes would have been a gift!). There's also a Kid Rock music lab and a whole exhibit dedicated to Detroit's role in the underground railroad.  They also have some really interesting "traveling" exhibits.  My mom and I saw one about the history of marriage throughout the world, complete with attire, accessories, invitations and other details, all of which were the original versions.  They also have a great gift shop on the main floor, with all kinds of Detroit goodies, as well as fascinating books about, surprise, the history of Detroit :-).  Check their events calendar before you go--they often have interesting movies playing and other cool stuff going on.  You'd think it might be a little pricey to visit, given all you can do here, but the best part is that admission to the museum is FREE!  So you have no excuse...go now and get your education on!
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,7/22/2013,69,416,5,6,6>Every once in a while, we find ourselves in AA and then it is an obligatory return to the mecca of all deli's; Zingerman's.  Now normally we just jump on line and pick some of our favorite sandwiches.  Having worked in AA for so many years, I have a lot of the Zingerman's menu committed to memory.  A number 14 is a grilled cheese and tuna on thick Jewish Rye bread, etc.  But this time, we had just attended a party in AA and we were not there to graze.  We just went to shop.That is a dangerous thing to do at Zingerman's.  Some of the prices can get pretty lofty.  But we persevered and shopped anyway.  We started at the bakery counter.  I asked for a Detroit Street Round.  This is my personal favorite.  Sadly they were out of those and didn't expect another shipment until hours later when the truck from the bakehouse would arrive.  So we decided to get two Detroit Street bagels instead and I substituted a nice sourdough loaf which is the bread type of the Detroit Street Round except the round has all manner of aromatic seeds and herbs on the outside.  That makes the process of toasting the bread an aroma filled joy.  But I love the sourdough too.  My wife selected a nice rustic Italian loaf which is great for breakfast.  So now that we had enough bread to certainly be stale before we could finish it, we looked around the store.  "Oh this is a cute little coffee cake" said my wife, and that got added to our larder.  After cruising around some more we decided we had done enough damage and wandered over to the now relocated cash registers and paid.  Well the "cute" tiny little coffee cake, about enough to serve two or three people turned out to be about $ 14.00.  So the bill came to close to $ 30.00.The funny thing about all of this is that we, like all the other Zingerman's shoppers; a) were not surprised, and b) didn't care.  This is just like going to Disneyland.  You don't expect reality and you smile as the experience of unreality is rolled out.A few years ago, a colleague described Ann Arbor as roughly 100 square miles surrounded by reality.  Maybe he was right.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,7/21/2013,297,101,2,6,4>Now this is the kind of local business I love to write reviews about. It's got all the right pieces for the ol' heartstrings: family owned for 25 years, son bought it from dad, and lots of local camaraderie and lore.The first thing you notice when you walk in is that the owner, Maurice, and all of his shop workers are wearing uniforms. The shop is cleaner than most auto shops as well, and they're busy with a lot of activity going on and cars up on lifts--all good signs.I needed brakes on my 2001 Ford. Maurice gave me an estimate over the phone and told me that my job would be done same-day. When I got the car there, he looked at it, and gave me an honest answer: I'd need two new rotors and "hopefully" my calipers were okay because I had been driving on bad brakes for a while (which I totally knew, and really have no good excuse for). I told him to look at the back brakes while he was at it.I got a call three hours later that the job was done. Two new rotors, new pads, and lube/check the rest of the brake system. The calipers were good, and he said that my rear brakes were good for now, but to bring them back mid-summer for replacement. He and one of his mechanics showed me my old parts and showed me how shameful my rotor was (I know, I know, DAD.)The price he gave me was a lot less than I was expecting, and my car's brakes are totally silent and like new.Maurice is extremely friendly and knowledgeable. There's a lot to be said for taking a car to where the owner's name is on the building and the owner greets you at the door and takes care of things for you.This place is very conveniently located to Midtown, Woodbridge, Corktown, and New Center. It's just north of I-94 on Woodward. I'm already planning on taking my car back to get my door fixed, based on the awesome experience I had today.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,7/20/2013,226,699,3,6,3>So, my hats off to Ronin! I stopped in today by myself with a serious craving for some really good sushi, and I don't know about you, but when I'm craving something it's never as satisfying as my imagination needed it to be. This was the exception.I rolled up to Royal Oak right as they opened at 5 and grabbed a spot at the sushi bar. I was greeted by the hostess, the sushi chef and my server Marilu, who brought a menu and took my drink order immediately and with a big smile at that. From the sushi bar I ordered, again, my litmus test....some sweet egg tomago, tuna and eel nigiri and a spicy tuna roll. It's simple but it hits all the right notes for me while giving me some insight into the chefs' techniques and the restaurant's standard presentation. First off the sushi chefs here are legit and they're artists at their craft...that's big kudos coming from me BTW.My order was up in a matter of minutes giving me a little time to check-in, return some emails and listen to a couple songs on my i-Pod while I waited patiently sipping my Tiger beer. The chef passed me my nigiri first and then the roll, both with the standard accoutrements, a nice ball of fresh wasabi paste and white pickled ginger to cleanse my palette. The sushi all around was the perfect temperature...FYI it's never supposed to be cold, and this was at a perfect room temp and flawlessly sliced from a quality source. The tuna was perfect, just perfect, and fell apart as if dissolving in my mouth (and it wasn't even Toro). The tamago was also fantastic and even though it gets downplayed it's one of my favorites when it's done as well as this. The eel was amazing...meaty and unctuous with that eel drizzle painted on and none of those little bones that can throw off the eel experience. Lastly, the Spicy Tuna roll....was superior to any I've had around the area. It could've been a little spicier but the tuna's texture was perfection. And the sesame oil carried this into a whole new realm with the addition of the sesame seeds that clung to the rice giving the roll that nutty flavor and a little more texture. The flavor was delicate as was the roll on the sushi itself. The food I had was 5 stars no problem!All in all the sushi here is top notch and maybe the best in the area or at least on this side of Woodward. Even though my sampling was small I've been here before and always like the food! What I don't like is the size of their nigiri for the price, their hours, nor their nigiri order format...for that I had to drop them a star. Nigiri comes two to an order so don't expect to sample a lot if you're ordering for yourself unless you plan on eating two of everything. Also, the prices are a little crazy. $8 for two pieces of tuna is ridiculous. Expect to pay an ultra premium here. Never mind that it was an almost ethereal experience, the nigiri themselves are sized on the small to very small side which irks me a little for what you're paying. That said, I know this place is trendy (which is also why they likely aren't open until 5) so people will gladly pay without hesitation, and to be fair as I mentioned the sushi is very good. But for my money I'm still going to have to stick with a proper sushi bar like Sakana with normal hours, fresh quality sushi, gigantic nigiri and rolls, and fair prices...and if I'm in Novi then Shiro is my first choice pick of anyplace. I'll still be back for the ambiance and the quality if I feel like splurging on a snack but it would cost nearly an arm and a leg to eat here until I had my fill of delights.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,7/19/2013,89,191,11,18,10>Why you come here:- The steak.  Slabs of meat cooked exactly how you ask for them to be cooked.  I've been here a dozen times, I've never gotten an under or over cooked steak once.  - The crab legs.  Believe it or not, they do great king crab legs here, too.  - The caesar salad that they make tableside.  It's little touches like this that make it a "class" joint.- The cherries jubilee.  Because this is what dessert is supposed to be like...if you still have room after everything else you've just eaten.- The atmosphere.  If you're looking for a great, old school kind of steakhouse joint for an a-grade romantic dinner, look no further.Why you do not come here:- Because you don't "get" old-school class.- Because you're a vegetarian/vegan/other non-carnivorous designation.  There are trees, shrubs and bushes across the street, you may gnaw on those.- Because you're in a hurry and won't be taking the time to enjoy the food.- Because you're on a budget that prohibits spending $80 to $100 on dinner for two.It's not cheap, it's not fast, and it's not "trendy".  If you view any of those as bad things, stay far, far away.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,7/18/2013,1388,1056,12,26,16>Ok now this is not health food but it is all natural, anti GMO and antibiotics and the meat is fresh, never frozen. They say they fry in a healthy blend of oils but do not disclose exactly what those oils are. Their soft drinks are pure cane sugar from Northwoods Soda in northern Michigan (tasty). The milkshakes feature Calder dairy products (score). They do have a decent vegetarian option in the Big Shroom portabello sandwich option as well for my veg pals to nosh on. Thats probably healthier than what I got. They can also wrap your burger in lettuce as a skinny moo upon request. I believe there is a salad which has a meyer lemon dressing that sounds good but to be honest I was kinda blinded by the potential for fattiliciousness. I opted for none of that healthiness, c'mon.I went whole hog with a fried ass chicken sammy. The notorious cluck is dipped in buttermilk, flash fried and topped with cole slaw. Nope, not health food. I paired it with garlic fries, delish and not too overwhelming. My handsome dining companion had a bigger moo burger done bacon cheese style for a mere buck more, regular fries and a shake. He gave it a thumbs up but I prefered the chicken and the addition of garlic to the fries, it jazzed it up. Not that the burgers aren't good but that chicken is super yum.Things are super fresh but yes there is still guilt involved unless you have some kind of self control. I don't. For fast food though its a definite step up.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2013,7/17/2013,188,247,5,9,6>Let's start off saying that the River Walk has so much potential it's crazy.  With goal of tying the Detroit River water front together from Chene Park to Joe Louis Arena, it's definitely an ambitious project and it succeeds on so many levels.The day that I was there, it was packed with people; people jogging, walking their dogs, riding bikes, or just strolling. Most of the areas that I was in were very well kept up.  Everything was clean; grass was kept up very well. Potential problems: With the amount of people coming to this park you need to offer sufficient free parking.  We ended up parking in an abandoned lot... something that would have scared many people away.Leave your concession stands opened to advertised hours. Much more cash could have been generated on this Sunday if they had not closed the drink and ice cream concessions at 4:00 PMHart Plaza..... What an eyesore this area has become. Broken cement, broken bricks, garbage, and grass growing up between the stones in the ground.  This used to be a jewel for the city and like many other jewels has been left to slowly rot away.  This needs to be cleaned up and refurbished. The City of Detroit needs to recognize what they have here and find ways to keep it up. The Riverwalk is a great draw for people from both the city and the suburbs, but money needs to be put into it to realize its true potential.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,7/16/2013,63,73,8,25,18>The appearance is the same, but what's inside has completely changed.  This is a restaurant now, and perhaps one of the best in southeast Michigan.  Certainly one of the most progressive and one of the most passionate.  Go there now, before the acclaim hits and the prices go up.The concept is tasting menu-only.  3 or 5 courses (which is really 5 or 7, if you include the amuse bouche and mignardises that accompany your coffee), with optional drink pairing, and it changes every week.  This is something that the "big cities" have been doing for aeons, but it's a first in Detroit from what I can tell.  There are also snacks available at the bar, such as their delicious (I've heard) duck wings, but the focus is on the tasting menu, with a whole team of servers swarming diligently to make the whole thing work.And they aren't skimping on creativity to keep the weekly ideas flowing, either.  We're talking chicken sous-vide in honey, cucumber meringues, decompressed honeydew, dijon and stone fruit puree, and so on.  Apparently the chef has trained in Chicago, NY and Sweden, which I'd believe judging from the technical complexity that showed up on every plate.  In terms of specifics, from memory:Amuse bouche: tuna crudo over light-as-air cucumber meringue, topped with microgreens and a little dice of heirloom tomato.  Interesting for sure, it starts out very cucumber-y, but finishes with a really nicely rounded savory flavor.  1st course: their interpretation of a salad, complete with a couple pieces of punchy cheese, spectacular pork tenderloin ham, peas, pea shoots, beans, decompressed melons, some kind of gelee, and more that I can't remember.  Get everything in one bite, and it's pretty impressive stuff.  2nd course: perfectly poached egg, topped with thinly sliced gruyere, served inside an absurdly light pastry, surrounded by a forest scene of charred broccoli tops, pickled ramps/spring onion, and morels.  I got one perfect bite with the pickled ramps, broccoli and morels, and it shocked me how good it was.  Perhaps the best dish of the night. 3rd course: thinly sliced crispy sea bass, with little pieces of chantrelle mushroom and corn, served over dijon and stone fruit puree.  The mustard was pretty "forward" in taste, but the whole thing worked.  The fish was cooked wonderfully.4th course: chicken cooked SIX ways (off the top of my head, sous-vide, sous-vide in honey, crispy skin, livers, pan sauce reduction, and another that I'm missing), with greens and optional freshly shaved black truffle.  I'm not sure the truffle added much, since it was pretty darn awesome by itself.5th course/Dessert: rich chocolate mousse (I guess?), over a molecular gastronomy-ish chocolate "soil", over a caramel-y sauce, with sugar roasted and candied carrots planted throughout.  Oh, and what they referred to as "carrot glass" (delicious, btw).  Really deep chocolate flavor, and the sugar roasted carrots reminded me of fruit cake, or christmas pudding in the UK.Mignardises w/coffee: basically, they were little pieces of blondie brownie that went down nicely after being dipped in their Illy coffee.Overall, a really fantastic experience, and the drink pairings all worked well, too.  From the bunch, the rose moscato from Australia that was served with the amuse bouche was refreshing, the "hermit crab" blend that was served with the sea bass was so good that we bought a bottle at their store afterwards, and the oaxacan pirate cocktail that was served with dessert was creative, to put it mildly, and unique.The meal was $52, while the drink pairing was an extra $25.  That's pretty damn affordable, considering what you're getting.  In Manhattan, something equivalent would be $150/person, plus at least $50 for the drinks.  Not to mention that the service was ridiculously attentive throughout.Frankly, it's shocking they weren't more crowded - perhaps the word just hasn't gotten out about the new concept.  Because I'd hate to see this place fail while other mediocre places / douche-factories in the area somehow thrive, a few suggestions for them:- The tasting menu needs to be updated on-line every week (UPDATE: done)- The bar snacks should be available throughout the restaurant, in case you don't want the full tasting, and they should be available outside on their cool patio, too.- The bar snacks need to be on a printed menu, which they aren't currently.- The sign outside with the huge coffee mug needs to change (UPDATE: very soon, I hear)- There needs to be a strong media effort to let people know about the concept change, and the caliber of the cuisine.  This is special stuff, certainly by Detroit standards.From what I hear, they're hiring a sales/marketing person, so I suspect a concerted effort to get the word out and further updates to the concept shortly.  But don't wait for the lines to (hopefully) develop.  Just go there now, because it's awesome.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,7/15/2013,110,141,4,4,5>Well in my first review of GO I stated "I want to be a regular" and what do ya know it happened :) I gave 5 stars in my first review and wish I could up it to more .. I'm updating because I want to comment on their GO University classes now that i have finished my first one.When I saw my first show at GO they mentioned they offer a handful of classes  - not JUST if you're trying to get into improv or acting or whatever but its helpful to anyone, in any walk of life  to gain confidence, helps with job interviews, people skills, etc. Sounded fun and it was right around New Years so I figured I'd make that part of my resolution and try it out...I showed up to the first day of class with a notebook and pen ready to take notes about improvising or whatever we were going to talk about .... I was delighted to discover this is not a sit down and take notes class- you're on your feet playing games, doing different improv exercises the whole time. The 3 hour class flies by. EVERYONE could use more laughter in their life and class is 3 hours of just that. The teachers are awesome - positive, supportive, knowledgable, dedicated, and fun. My classmates have become great friends-- it is a fantastic place to meet new people. My class had about 14 people in it and everyone agreed that coming to class at GO is the best part of their week. Classes are about 8 weeks long and culminate with a "class show." Improv class isn't just for a certain type of personality "class clown" or "drama club president" ... my class had people from ages 20-43 and included a lawyer, engineers, business owners, sales people -- people from all kinds of jobs, some shy, some outspoken, some people had done improv before, others had not - it is a really safe place and everyones humor was unique and enjoyed.In all honesty improv seemed perfectly terrifying to me but I have grown to absolutely love it ... my confidence increases every week & I am a much happier person because of taking class here. If you are thinking about trying class let this review be what convinces you to DO IT!! Get out of your comfort zone & I guarantee you'll love it here!Since my first review I've been at GO between 1 and 3 nights every week & I am thoroughly impressed with this place -- the scripted shows, the showdowns, the community, the drinks, the staff, the classes, the cleanliness, the organization, the service, and now they offer sliders and treat dreams ice cream some nights as well... there are great things happening here!Their website is well organized and makes it easy to see what classes are being offered and to sign up for them- may seem expensive but without a doubt it is one of the best investments I have made in myself. They also have options where you can earn your class tuition by helping around the theater a little bit ... hey, if you sign up for class because of this review mention me because I think I get a discount haha- am I allowed to say that on Yelp?? In conclusion go to GO.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,7/14/2013,49,753,1,8,4>I've been  driving by, anticipating the opening of this place, which had a soft opening this week.Complete menu  Breakfast -Lunch -Dinner,  but  today was a shot at Breakfast.First of all they truly transformed the former sushi place into a nice breakfast nook, plenty of booths /tables, and seating arrangements to fit your family or work group.I had  never ordered a blintz until today, and what an upgrade over a crepe, ordered the black cherry blintz , with whip cream & powdered sugar, which came with two loaded blintze's  each about 8 inches long, jammed with  cream cheese.$6.25My bride ordered a 5 egg Ham /Swiss omelet which came with hash-browns &  2 large pancakes $5.75I don't usually comment on coffee, as I'm not an expert..and coffee is  pretty hit or miss..however  the coffee alone warrants another visit or two..it is that good!  And  reasonable at $1.55The pot  said Superior Brand, but our server said it was Farmers Brand, either way it was very good.Only  one thing missing..and they are working on it . .the place is super quiet, as they have  no radio or music for background noise..The  menu & quality  reminds me of the Original Pantry at 15 & Van Dyke.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,7/13/2013,74,66,1,7,6>Now, I may me a little partial to places where I feel like I could be drinking from a stein and a pig could roam through and yet I would be left unphased, but hey that's just me. St. Cece's Pub seems like the type of tavern you should dress up in armor or medieval garb to visit and boyyyyy would I --if I thought others would understand. The wooden walls, wooden floor, and stained glass add so much character to the location. It could basically be a meetup spot for a LARP event (don't know what that is, look it up and thank me later).Of course had I dressed for a ren faire I might have been slightly thrown off by names like Huevos Rancheros ($8), Saffron Polenta ($9), or Blue Corn Cakes($8) when I reviewed the day's brunch offerings but I suppose wench-y me would have gotten over it relatively quickly when I actually tried the food. It's delicious. I could eat brunch here everyday. I personally had the Huevos Rancheros and a side of their house cured bacon. Both were outstanding and I will more than likely order both again so I can stop dreaming about them. The house cured bacon is greasy and fatty but has outstanding flavor. The entree was just a dream. My vegetarian honey loved his meal (Saffron Polenta) and also his choice of side the Sweet Potato Latkes (though he said mine were better, as they should be!). The place was relatively quiet when we went and met up with friends and consisted mainly of a crowd in their 40s or 50s. They started a glorious smelling fire near where we sat and after we left I decided to check out their website where they list the local purveyors that supply them with all the ingredients they use to make these meals from scratch. I would make this a more frequent happening if I lived closer.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/12/2013,151,367,6,10,10>L. O. V. E. Clearly, I truly am head-over-heals with this place.  Folks here definitely know what they are doing, and they do it well!  Every massage therapist I've seen here has been highly skilled and talented in their technique.  Of course, I have preferred some massage therapists over others.  Most recently, I saw Kailyn who is now my new personal hero.  That girl is a champ when it comes to knots and kinks!Booking is fairly easy and I think they are open seven days a week. I typically will go during the week for a quieter experience.  Prices are pretty standard for massages and treatments in the metro-D.  If you're lucky, you might catch a deal or special on their facebook page.  Or even a groupon, which is the ultimate score with this place.  Nice thing is that they aren't frou-frou in their approach or environment.  The place clean, simple, but warm and inviting at the same time.  Never have I had a less than stellar experience here.  I guess its L.O.V.E.!
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,7/11/2013,438,102,4,9,4>I'm so glad they opened up a restaurant in this area, they need a wonderful Middle Eastern restaurant instead of going to Dearborn on Warren Rd. I recommend the half boneless chicken (which feeds about 3 people) with rice, fried kibbie and the falafel dish. The salads lately have been used with frozen tomatoes and cucumbers, which obviously gives it a complete different taste. Your best bet is to get the tabbouleh. Depending on how many people you have with you the smallest combo platter is the best way to go to sample a little bit of everything that this culture has to offer. It might say feeds 2 but trust me it feeds double that. Don't ever be afraid to ask questions, they are always helpful in making sure you leave there with a great experience. If you ever place a carry out order I recommend that you double check it because the past 4 times I've ordered they have somehow screw the order up and I'm not sure what the guys name is but he's tall and heavy. He claims he's the manager but he's far from trying to take care of the mistakes he did. The owners sons are always there as well, if anything doesn't go as plan, talk to them and they will do their best in fixing the problem. I want to take 2 stars off for the horrible manager but that's my fault in not rechecking my carry out order.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2013,7/10/2013,192,175,4,5,4>I was recently in the Detroit Antiques Mall and it seriously is a treasure trove of nonsense where you could easily get lost for a while exploring collectibles of yesteryear. There was everything from old wood door frames and windows to a copy of the Laverne and Shirley board game to dinettes (a few on hold for a certain R. Gosling film) and even a framed autographed Backstreet Boy concert t-shirt--totally antique. The antique shop is two floors though the upstairs is a little rough with an evident tarp covered hole in the ceiling, but then again it's Detroit, so why not? During our trip my friend Kathleen O. purchased two wooden stools for use as end tables and the cashier was able to discount them slightly. I don't remember what the total was, but it didn't seem outrageous. I did chit-chat with one of the booth owners who did say usually he will come down at least 10% of asking price so asking about haggling would be worthwhile. Go forth and prosper ye seekers of antiques and excitement. Oh! there was also a cement bear cub table base!
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,7/9/2013,157,137,1,5,6>Visited Monk today for the first time.  I've been so excited to try this place, and I'm extremely happy with my experience there.Our server (Tim?) was great.  He explained the beer menu/food menu to us in great detail and was very attentive.We ordered 3 different types of moules, the pancetta, the white wine/garlic, and the lobster/tomato.  They were savory and packed with flavor.  My favorite part was dipping the bread in the broth afterward.  Definitely the best mussels I've ever had.  We stuck with the Witface beer (Bastone beer), but I would love to go back and try some of the belgian ales they serve.We will definitely be back.  We have made it our person goal to try everything on the menu.  Good job, Monk!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,7/8/2013,99,290,,8,6>I've been to L!V several times and have always enjoyed myself.  It's finally time for a review. Cozy, quaint lounge -- no cover and a different theme every night of the week. No matter what, though, you will always enjoy what's going on there. It will range from open mic poetry on Tuesday nights to Live music and/or a DJ any other night. Can't go wrong.The bar staff is friendly and attentive. Hey and the bar has purse hooks!  The bar selection is vast and the menu has unique drinks at reasonable prices.I highly recommend L!V for those nights where you want to go somewhere... but don't want to be in a pretentious environment. You just want to chill at a lowkey lounge... L!V is that spot.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,7/7/2013,49,344,2,10,3>We ended up in The Last Word when going to Circus would have cost $5/person for cover, and I remembered hearing that there was something new here.  What a find!  The Last Word is a spacious room with lots of conversation abuzz, but is also somehow cozy.  The cute decorations--lots of framed pictures on the wall, nice wood on the walls, etc--add.The drinks were all great!  I got the White Rabbit and found myself licking the glass after finishing it because it was so good.  I also got to taste the Penicillin and the Strictly Medical.  Yum!  And there was SO much more on the menu that looked enticing.Drinks are mostly $9 a piece, which seemed fair.The menu has a little glossary in back that defines a few ingredients one might otherwise not know.  I really appreciated that.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,7/6/2013,77,274,6,9,7>I'm of the opinion that if I offered up the chance to eat at the Pupuseria 100 times to the woman, she'd take me up on it 125 times. I'm not sure if that's even mathematically possible, but that's a pretty good expression about how much she loves her El Salvadoran food.The plantains with frioles and crema is the latest in a long line of highly addictive substances to hit the streets of Detroit. The slight sweet of the banana, the savory of the beans and the salt of the sour cream makes the perfect flavor combination. The flavor combination is also available in a corn tamale, with the tamale being a bit sweeter than the plantain but the same combination of sweet, salt and savory.On the pupusa side of things, I'm a big fan of the pork and cheese and the jalapeno and cheese ones. With the pork, you get the salt of the meat combined with the heat of the jalapeno slaw. With the jalapeno and cheese, you get a nice build of heat counterbalanced by what would only not seem like an abundance of cheese in the state of Wisconsin. The only seeming miss on the menu for us has been the Pasteles, which we're not sure if that's simply because they're not out thing or if we're just too full when they come out.All in all, if you haven't eaten here yet what's stopping you?
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,7/5/2013,132,325,6,9,8>i have avoided vinsetta simpy because its always busy and the parking makes me mad.but, i had a macon bacon slider by them at pig and whisey that was either heavenly or one of those "i was drunk and foods tastes amazing" experiences. i had to make sure the food was as good as my beer soaked brain remembered. first of all, i was really impressed with the decor. i love the mid-century lighting fixtures. and even though its really quite large and open, it felt warm and cozy inside.for dinner we had disco fries, the tuna casserole, flank steak and sides of broccolini and onion rings. the disco fries (basically a poutine) were really good and the chiles made it a surprise. i thought the tuna casserole was amazing and i wish i could make it like that at home. the flank steak was perfectly cooked and spiced. the two sides, did not disappoint. i was happy to see broccolini on a menu. i thought it disappeared with the early 2000's. one last thing the tuna casserole came with a salad and these crunchy little baked or fried chickpeas that somehow became like peanuts, also really good.i only wish i had room for one of their bourbon milkshakes. each sounded to die for.love, juston
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,7/4/2013,221,215,4,6,4>I had been following their progress on opening via facebook for what seemed like a year! They finally opened. I live a mile from this fine establishment so I drive by it daily and let me tell you since it opened the lot is ALWAYS full.Now let me tell you why.....The decor is great..lots of vintage beer signs and toys. The tables are like shadow boxes filled with all sorts of fun schtuff! We went close to xmas so  out table was full of vintage xmas decorations. My friend and I had a great time talking about our grandma's xmas trees who all had the same ornaments.Its small so don't expect a huge vast space. Its close quarters but fun and cozy and full of friendly faces of all ages. Lots of locals exchanging hugs and handshakes which I love!Want a scotch well you can pick from what i think is 100 different choices. I don't drink scotch but my vodka and water with extra lemon was perfect cold and the lemon was fresh and juicy. Not a dried up bar lemon. The fellas sitting next to us were drinking some scotch and said the ones they had tried thus far were very good and complimented their meals.Our waitress was busy as heck but she kept us happy and was very attentive. Bonus that at the end of the night the bill was right and it didn't cost us a paycheck to have a great time!!OH the onion rings!! HOLY CRAP!!! My husband says they are the best onion rings hes ever had. I have to agree and say me too!! Big thick cuts of onion with a thin crisp layer of batter fried to perfection! Who doesn't love a good old fried piece of food!! I would go back just for those onion rings. The menu had lots of good bar food choices along with daily specials like aged prime rib and salmon.Oh and the story of why its called Butter Run is super cute. I'm not going to tell you though, you'll have to go there and check it out yourself.I will for sure update this after we've had dinner here. I'm hoping that will happen soon!! Like this weekend. HOPE MY HUSBAND IS READING THIS ahaha!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,7/3/2013,131,109,4,6,5>I am basing this review on their take-out menu and experience.  I have not dined in for a very long time, but this restaurant is a staple of our take out repertoire.  Every time I call for take out, it is in a timely fashion and always fresh and piping hot.  This restaurant has very tasty Iraqi style food, but instead of the Lebanese staples served at "La -Fill In The Blank-" their recipes have a bit more flavor and spice.  Some of their mezze (appetizers) leave something to be desired, but like every good Iraqi meal, you are not here for the hummus, but for the meat! For example, their 20 dollar surprise box sounds a little scary, like they might throw in whatever hasn't sold well that day, but in reality, it is a delicious family tray with steady quality and product each time we have ordered it for take out.  This restaurant also serves a delicious addition to their tasty, golden-hued rice.  They serve a traditional Iraqi "potato curry" that is so good, I could eat it as a soup.  Here's a hint:  If you are mad about the potato curry like I am, ask them to substitute extra potato curry instead of the small salad or white bean curry; they are happy to accommodate me when I ask. Overall, I prefer take out to dine in, but the prices are great and the quality is steadily good.  It is worth a try...
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2013,7/2/2013,142,231,1,6,5>This marked my 2nd DEMF and although I come home, exhausted, achy, and smelling like a plethora of herbal substances, but I had such a great time and will have awesome memories for the rest of my life.The DJ line ups are amazing.  There is such a variety of genre's from dubstep to house to funk, there is literally something for everyone all weekend long.  And it was nice to see Moby this year!   They also do an fantastic job of keeping the area clean and garbage from not piling up.   In addition, the people watching is amazeballs.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2013,7/1/2013,203,109,4,6,5>Happy National Donut Day!In honor of this truly American holiday, I'm reviewing a French treat. It makes good sense because of this little known fact: In return for their financial and military aid during the Revolutionary War, the Continental Congress paid the French in pastry dough.That's misleading, not because it isn't true, but only because Beignets ("ben yay") are a "New Orleans-style" French donut. Beignets are deep fried balls of dough, served hot and fresh for that perfect crisp outside and doughy inside. They are dusted with powdered sugar, and if you are lucky enough, and you are standing in just the right direction, the wind may also dust you with powdered sugar. Just a tip: Don't wear black and eat beignets on a windy day. ;)I particularly like that their truck is at Eastern Market on Saturdays so that after you've purchased all of your fruits and vegetables you can tell yourself, "Just one little treat before I eat like a perfect bird for the rest of the week!"In case it wasn't clear, these donuts are really good. Make sure you eat them right away when they're piping hot, because that's when they're truly glorious. Four for $4.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2013,6/30/2013,16,33,5,7,6>Jalapenos are my favorite food. And Jalapenos was delicious.I think our server was a little new--took some time for the chips and salsa to pop-up, but we were pleased to find the salsas were just the right balance of spice and flavor. He was timely with our drinks, helpful and informative as far as the menu items go, and we were glad to take his suggestions to heart (and to belly.)We ordered some tacos (street-style, yay!) and the mole, which inspired awe and reverence in me. My first mole in Michigan and it smacks of authenticity, hitting all the right notes of awesome? Yes, please.The meat was tender, the flavors genuine, drinks delightful, and the company... Well that's up to you. For sure this is a fine date place for the adventurous couple, or gathering spot for any group of peeps interested in engaging their taste buds in a little out-of-gringo experience.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,6/29/2013,137,360,4,10,9>I have no idea why I would deprive myself for this long of such a sacred little space. Why would I keep myself from stiff drinks, service that makes you beam from ear to ear, and an ambiance that makes all your past brutal life experiences melt into a distant memory? The very thing that may keep you at bay is the very thing that makes this bar so intimate. You're never quite sure where you are or if the bar is open or who is inside so you just have to leap into it. Many shall enter, few shall win. Wait, no, scratch that. Few shall enter, all who enter win. Amazing music, sexy lighting, 'rustic' wood tables, and no douchebaggery. I love seeing greatness develop from the ground up and this is grassroot booze-slingin' at its finest. A contemporary speak-easy with no password, but you still want to whisper about it.(Oh, and there's one more delicious secret - they have brunch on saturdays from 11 to 2pm (i think?) - effin' yum!)
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,6/28/2013,255,261,4,9,7>Had a hankering for good thin-crust pizza, so I did my research on Yelp.  Found this little gem about 10 miles away.  Stopped for dinner on a Thursday.  Tivoli's is small, but has about 12-15 tables of varying size.  Ordered the Tivoli's special, a 12" pie with various meats and veggies.  The crust was excellent, nicely charred by the brick oven.  The toppings, cheese, and sauce complemented each other well.  Ate a lot more than I wanted too, but I wanted something sweet for dessert to balance the pizza.  Ordered a cannoli.  The shell was fresh and the filling very decadent tasting.  I wish they had a liquor license to enjoy some beer or wine to go along with the food!  A great place and one I'll repeat with!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,6/27/2013,148,80,7,11,8>They say the average person falls in love 4 times. Do restaurants count? If so, you can punch one on my foodie love card, as Meeting House has become my latest culinary infatuation. How do I love thee? Oh, let me count the ways: 1) Well curated selection of wines by the glass. There are quite a few $7 pours, and I've really enjoyed every one. Usually at other restaurants their BTG offerings are limited, or you have to go up to the $12-$15 a glass range to find a wine that's really stellar. Not at Meeting House!2) The chicken wings. Oh, the chicken wings! I could compose a sonnet about those wings alone. Crisp and flavorful on the outside, juicy and succulent on the inside. Perfect!3) The food in general is really tasty, and spans the entire price range. You can get a burger or pizza for $10, or a main entree for $18-$25. The "free-form" lasagna is an amazing vegetarian dish - it was so good my carnivore of a bf didn't even notice or care that there was no meat! 4) The wait. What, you say? You enjoy waiting an hour for a table on a Friday night? Au contraire! But that just means taking a seat at the bar with the friendly and hilarious bartenders, and having your meal there while chatting with fellow patrons that are also fed up with being wait listed. The only downside is that Rochester is a relatively longer hike for me to get to, but you know what they say, you do some crazy things for love. I guess it will be a long distance relationship!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,6/26/2013,190,319,2,7,5>I would agree with other Yelpers that  B. Mead is awesome! I like that they have a variety of limited edition flavors. I was put on to B. Nektar at Go Comedy Improv. I had no clue what mead was, but learned pretty quickly at a tasting. Friday through Sunday you can visit the Meadery for tastings. At tastings you can sample the current selection, buy drafts to drink there or bottles to take home. Now that they have moved off Jarvis, the space is bigger. You can even BYOF (Bring your own food). If you want to get a full experience then you have to visit the annual mead fest in the spring. They have outdoor tents, music, and all the mead you can try. My favorite: Apple Pi-very limited edition and sold out:( Others that are great are Zombie Killer, and A Basket of Puppies (limited edition-lime & agave syrup).
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,6/25/2013,91,30,5,11,4>Awesome. Fresh. Cheap. Here's the secret handshake:1. Walk through the grocery to the back.2. If there's a seat, it's yours. Take it.  3. Find the sushi ordering forms.  Fill one out.4. Serve yourself some green tea from the big thermos.5. When seated, set your order on the counter to your left.6. Wait 5-10 min and Enjoy!!!! If you like stuffing large amounts of sushi in your mouth, try one of the special rolls. Michigan roll is loads of Tuna.  Salmon special roll is awesome.  These could almost be a meal on their own.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,6/24/2013,28,138,4,8,4>Two words - Roasted Tofu!  Unbelieveable.  A group of us from work met for lunch during restarant week.  I had worked out right before and when I saw the lunch menu I knew I wanted the roasted tofu but I was afraid it wasn't going to be enough food since I was starving.  I went with it!  Not only was is amazing, I was full!  The presentation was beautiful too.  Two more words - Happy Hour!  I thought this was just for restaurant week, but, NO!  Happy Hour everyday is 11 am to 6 pm.  I got a glass of Smoke Screen Chardonnay for $5.50!  YUM!  The lunch was amazing and I encourage you (even if you are not a vegetarian) to try the roasted tofu.  You will love it!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,6/23/2013,125,326,6,9,8>I haven't a clue as to how I've failed to review my absolute FAVE spot to grab a delicious big kid beverage.  Valentine is best known for vodka, but they've since made an entrance into the gin and whiskey arenas as well.  This location is both their distillery and a great spot to grab a delicious cocktail beverage.The vibe in Valentine is awesome - the staff are hand's down the best of the best - and it doesn't hurt that they're serving up an impeccable product.  Wednesday-Friday they have happy hour 4:30-6:30... I totally suggest checking that out.  Weekend evenings this place gets bananas - which makes it clear that everyone has jumped on board with being in love with Valentine.If you aren't sure about the items on their bar menu, ask for a suggestion - they are fantastic at making something that  you like.  They usually have a half-dozen or so infused liquors at any given time.  Food isn't really offered - they do have a couple of "snacK" type options, and can also get you pizza delivered from Como's.If you bring your friends who only drink beer, they might hate you - but anyone who has good taste ( :) ) will love you for bringing them by!
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,6/22/2013,120,245,3,4,4>1) AMAZING SMALL PLATES. Probably (definitely) better than the overpriced Lena dishes upstairs.2) the mintiest mojitos you will ever drink and love.3) WHITE SANGRIA with real fruit. It teeters from perfect to too-sugary, but it always makes me wonder why Dom's seems to have such a lock on the "best sangria in AA" title. 4) The decor is sexy. Even if your salsa dancing is utter rubbish like mine, you'll still feel awesome drinking/hanging out in the cozy dark wood booths with candles in wrought iron on every table. Bottom line: Habana is awesome. Work that kickass cocktail menu.
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,6/21/2013,29,106,3,8,3>I was pleasantly surprised walking into this bowling alley\bar\restaurant. Upon entry you walk into a nice wood bar\restaurant that's decorated with sports memorabilia, TVs, and a pool table. The area is very clean and has a rustic fell to it with all the wood. They have a full bar with a LOT of beers and all the liquor favorites. There is a jukebox\DJ and dance floor in the bar that appears it could be a good time at night although it wasn't overpowering at all and didn't feel like a club when eating. The area is somewhat separate from the bowling alley so you aren't overpowered by the noise of the alleys. The bowling alley has glow bowling that has a good amount of "glow" to It but you are still able to see and talk. All score is digital w\graphics and they have bumpers to use for the kids if needed. They also have plenty of kids balls and shoes. They offer a separate concession stand so you don't have to go into bar\restaurant. It appeared they had adult leagues and looked very organized.No a huge bowler but this is a nice alley that isn't super busy and a little off the main path. Would enjoy taking my wife or nieces\nephews here. They offer a Bday deal with bowling and pizza for a great price.
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,6/20/2013,250,223,3,8,6>I tried to go to this place once before, but when I got there it was closed for no apparent reason. (It was lunchtime on a Thursday.) I recently tried again, and made sure to call ahead to confirm they'd be open. So glad I did!!Yep, the neighborhood is, shall we say, less than optimal. In fact, "particularly desolate" is not an understatement. So what? They've managed to survive over 100 years in the same location. You have to respect that. Besides, once you step inside, you forget that you're surrounded by empty lots and burned out buildings. You feel like you're at grandma's house, complete with a zillion pictures on the walls and Detroit memorabilia. Every table gets a large bowl of coleslaw and a plate of pickles and peppers. We also had chicken noodle soup. It was clearly "clear out the pasta bin day," because the soup had 5 or 6 different shapes of pasta in it, as well as healthy bits of chicken and vegetables. Loved, loved, loved it. I could have eaten soup, coleslaw and pickles and left happy. But (of course) I kept going. I ordered the polish sliders -- kielbasa, sauerkraut and cheese on slider buns with fries. The kraut was delicious. I don't know if they make their kielbasa, but if they don't they buy it from someone who does. I also played "swap bites" with my other two dining companions. One had pierogi and kielbasa (very good), and the other had a reuben sandwich. The corned beef on the reuben had a different taste.   It was quite good, just not what you usually get. I suspect that  they brine their own beef brisket.This place is DEFINITELY worth the trip. The true gems in Detroit are few, and this is one of them. Make sure you tip the guy  who watches your car!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,6/19/2013,72,111,,5,5>We were headed out of town but thought maybe we would stay for a light snack. Café Zola, our original destination, was closed so we headed across the street to Frita Batidos and we were more than pleasantly surprised. Simple atmosphere. You order at the counter and they serve you at large tables that I assume can be shared with strangers (not too busy today with the holidays). Service was good though and the menu straight forward. We had two chorizo frites. The one that wasn't "lighter" was better of course since it has bread as well as fries and mayo on top. No charge of course for lighter though. We also had the loaded plantains. Wow. Fabulous. Exactly what I wanted. A fresh mint tea was the drink of choice for the occasion and when they said fresh mint they meant it. It's sweet but delicious. Finishing the adventure with the Batidos is the right choice. We had coconut cream with a splash or rum and it was like sitting on a beautiful beach with a fabulous cold happy drink to make your day a million times better. Yum.  Laid back spot, clean, exactly what you probably need right now... I would stop by!!
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,6/18/2013,58,176,3,5,5>Nice place! Cool ambiance + quaint atmosphere. When we walked in, we were a little thrown off. On a Saturday nite the place was pretty empty. There was no hostess to seat us nor anything indicating whether we should "be seated" or what. There was a woman at the counter, but she was on the phone. So we seated ourselves.  Turns out the waiter was super cool. He checked on us frequently, but wasn't annoying with it. The service was fast considering theere was hardly no one there. We ended up staying over 4 hrs because it just seemed to be that type of place (or @least that day/@ that time) where you could sit and talk and not be disturbed by excess noise or feeling rushed to leave...We ordered a sushi sampler as an appetizer consisting of yellow tail (i think ;-), white tuna and salmon... As an entree I had teriyaki chicken. It was delicious and they served plenty! I had a cosmopolitan and it was perfect, not too weak.However, I had read previous posts about upset stomach after eating here and I must say take heed! The next day my stomach was on the fritz! Still I don't blame the restaurant. I ate quite a few pieces of sushi and I think my stomach was just sensitive to it. My companion only had a tiny bite of the sushi and didn't get sick @ all so pretty sure that's what it was. Anyway, the issue resolved in less than a day :-/  I would still go here again :-)
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2013,6/17/2013,259,404,1,13,12>Good chorizo tacos. Free guac in a squeeze bottle. Excellent horchata. Good enough asada and cabeza tacos - but the chorizo was the real stand-out: strong flavor without being oily. This place gets a big boost because of all the extras: lime wedges, fresh radish, a lot of grilled onions, a grilled jalapeño, two kinds of salsa, and also guac in a squeeze bottle... a great secret weapon you don't find at the other taco trucks. Also unique to this taco truck is that they sell horchata, and it's really good-- silky, sweet, and packed with cinnamon. They've also got $5 burritos and tortas that I didn't try, and quesadillas. No chicken on the menu. There's a small parking lot you can drive into beside the taco truck, but also, they've opened the doors to the adjacent building (where the Papa de los Pollitos used to reside not long ago) so you can choose to eat on the hood of your car or sit down inside at one of the many booths and make use of the tables. The truck is  totally hidden behind the building if you're driving west along Vernor, so look for their sign by the side of the road. Just a half-block down from Cafe con Leche.**open Friday, Saturday, & Sunday until 10pm - cash only**
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2013,6/16/2013,20,141,8,12,11>Dear fellow yelpers, I HEART you! Yes, your reviews were enough to have me salivating like Pavlov's dog for fried chicken. So on my way to Eastern Market, I made a side trip to Pollo Chapin. The cute little yellow house is in a not so good part of the neighborhood so I recommend parking in the lot versus on the street. I went before noon so there was plenty of parking. I don't recommend petting the pit bull in the next yard either.I ordered the 3 piece dinner, 2 sides and a lime Jarritos. The waitress was pleasant and explained what ingredients were in the sides. We got this party started with hot, chicken noodle soup. As my yelper peeps say, the flavor is great, the noodles are mush. It was a perfect start to the 33* day! Then our delicious chicken arrived. My yelp app locked up taking a pic so you'll have to trust me on the details. Three pieces of the most flavorful, moist on the inside, dreamily crunchy...just typing this is making me drool! In the supporting roles, side dishes egg noodles were a delicious although mysterious with their peppery crunchy goodness. My second side was refried pinto beans...mmmm! At the end of the meal we were brought hot tortilla chips with cinnamon sugar and honey, delish!Pollo Chapin is a small place that is big on flavor. We were so addicted, we ordered chicken to go for a snack later. I highly recommend this place even if it involves a detour to get there. You will thank me and your fellow yelper buddies for it later. Yes, you will!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,6/15/2013,504,642,4,10,9>A craving for green tea and a bowl of miso hit me hard this Saturday night, possibly the worst possible time of the week in the Royal Oak/Ferndale corridor. All the local haunts, like Inyo and Ronin, get ridiculously busy. For something as simple as that, I couldn't justify driving all the way up to impeccable WOW Sushi and Noble Fish was already closed. Cue the beau to my rescue, wielding his hideous orange Detroit Tigers beanie, with the solution of a place we hadn't tried before.Thai Cafe serves up great Thai food in a cozy cafe in Royal Oak beside the credit union. Normally when we stop by this corner of town, it's first thing in the morning to get weekend banking done, not exactly prime time for Thai cravings. But tonight we found easy parking in front of Oakland Community College -- and you're welcome, fellow parking people, for the extra 45 minutes I plugged in for you -- and trotted across the street to find our relief.We came during a moderately busy wave with a lovely older couple in the corner, and quite a few people taking advantage of carry out. A pair of two-seater tables occupy a corner, a three-set in front of the window, and the rest are larger. For groups of 8 or more, this is not your restaurant without dishing out some advanced notice. I found the minimalist red interior charming.Sadly Thai Cafe didn't serve up miso, and I was only "medium hungry" so no tom yum soup (though it sorely tempted me, for $1.50 for a bowl). Don't let the petite menu avert your sensibilities. They use a lovely model, which is a single price for a list of entrees, like vegetarian, main entrees, and noodles, the fixed price based on the meat. Chicken, tofu, and beef are usually one price, "fancier" choices like shrimp $.50 to $1 more. Seafood and appetizers are priced individually, and beverage are no more than $2, including delicious Thai iced tea (dessert and a drink in a glass). Quality of food is high and preparation is swift. The beau went for his favourite Thai standard, pad thai, while I hemmed and hawed over the Pad Pak with coconut and the seriously tempting drunken noodle. Given my stomach has been lactose/milk sensitive of late, I veered for a mild-plus spicy drunken noodle with shrimp, and enjoyed the mix of noodles, bell peppers, and shrimp. Not disappointing at all. The sauce was a little bit heavy, but the shrimp were fat and well-coated, the veggies crisp, and the whole of it just that level of spice to make your tongue tingle. Definitely specify what you want because they do it hot. The pad thai did not disappoint, with the traditional slice of lemon and pile of gently grated peanuts, a very light sauce, and wonderfully thin noodles that wicked up the sauce well. The beau polished off his plate with a guilty grin that tells me all I need to know. Music from Clear Channel or a radio station plays quietly in the background, nothing at all intrusive.Service here is worth four stars in its own right. The young lady serving us worked all the tables well, refilling drinks, taking orders, and bringing boxes. The smile on her face the entire time was lovely to see, and she offered helpful suggestions when I was torn. Their most popular noodle choices are pad thai, drunken noodle, and curry noodle, and she also recommended V6 (spicy tofu and vegetables), suggesting you can substitute chicken or another meat if you want more. We really enjoyed our dining experience for under $20, drinks and food included.Thai Cafe gets added to the list of reliable Thai places in my neighbourhood, and one we shall definitely revisit again.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,6/14/2013,214,174,6,7,4>Mi Pueblo has quickly become one of my favorite restaurants.  Although Ive heard about it for years, it wasnt until fairly recently I stopped in.  We started off with ceviche and OMG YUM.  So good.  It took no time at all for my eyes to go straight to the shrimp and veggie skewers served with rice and salad.  Literally my favorite.  Well, it didnt disappoint.  So yummy, I've actually got it every time I visit - and I dont see that changing :)   The good news for those who might not order the same thing every time - my dinner companions have had about everything on the menu and rave about it.  I'll never know.It's also pretty spacious with quick turnover, so it makes it a great place even on the most popular days.If you've seen the name and havent made it over to Mi Pueblo - WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?  ;)  I wish someone had been that stern with me......
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,6/13/2013,35,62,3,10,6>Do you love Delicious? Then you're going to love Crispelli's.The setup here is sort of like Panera Bread; everything is self-serve - you order at one end of the line, move down and pay. Because of this, I was expecting "fast food" pizza. But wow - the food is actually  very good. The pizza is hand made in front of you to your liking. There are also salads, pasta, bread sticks, Faygo glass bottles (always cool), beer, wine, and a full bar (which is located in another area, but available). When you arrive a hostess will give you the run down of the place, give you a table and you're off. Order your food, have a seat and wait for your name to be called. Pricing is average for any pizza place: about $12-$15 per pie, depending on which toppings you order. Parking is ample. There is plenty of outdoor seating available. Also, for those who want the "full dining experience" waitstaff is offered.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,6/12/2013,57,58,5,6,4>I walked into this place and was in craft beer heaven.  I am a total beer snob. I can't help it, I just love good beer and would rather be caught without pants on than with a Bud Lite in my hand.  I know there are tons of stores in the area where you can buy craft beer, especially if it's from Michigan.  However, 8 Degrees Plato has craft beer from everywhere.  And I'm not just talking a few six packs from all over, I'm talking an entire store stocked full with hundreds of different beers. The best part- you can make your own six pack.  Yes, you can do this at Kroger.  But here there is an entire wall full of craft beers that you can pick and choose what you want to make a 6 pack of.  It's also not terribly priced.  I don't think I've ever bought a six pack for more than $14-$16.  It's a great way to try beer from all over without worrying whether it will be worth a whole six pack for $10+ if you don't like it.  So why 5 stars for a store that sells beer?  It's not just the craft beer that deserves the 5 stars.  It's all the little extras- beer accessories, super nice staff, etc.  And like others have said, free beer tasting every Friday from 6-8 PM.  And it's not just someone handing out a free sample.  It's a person from that company giving out samples and talking about the beer and company.  They had New Belgium there giving out tons of free samples, tee shirts, bottle openers, etc.  Is there anything else I need to say to convince you that this place is worth every star?
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,6/11/2013,68,109,,9,5>Mmmm...Their donuts are delish. Not overly rich but sweet enough that it will cure your sugar craving. The glaze donuts are heavenly. I highly recommend trying a glaze. The cream filling within the long john is whipped and fluffy. The nutty donut is yum too; perfect glaze-like coating with finely chopped nuts. Every donut is fresh, fresh, fresh!!! I am certain they bake every day. It doesn't stop there....Looney has an awesome lunch special. 1/2 Sandwich, 1/2 Soup (decent cup size), and a donut. I always add a soda pop to my order and the total bill is still under $7.00. You can't beat that with a bat. Seriously, you can't beat the price. Plus, the sandwich (I always order the turkey) has meat, lettuce, mayo, etc. all nestled in the freshest white bread. I think they offer a wheat bread but I go for the white. It hits the spot every time. The soups are flavorful and not overly 'brothy' if you know what I mean. Their lunch special beats ANY local place around and again, the price is an absolute steal. The place has an old diner feel to it and is more spacious inside than it appears from the outside. Inside is very comfortable and casual. Just my style. You can get your lunch, eat your lunch, wash your hands in the restroom all under 30 minutes. They have the quick lunch down to a science.Oh, and let me not forget the employees; the staff has been nothing but nice every single time I have visited. A friendly staff is a winning staff. Great service is a very important factor for me.The bottom line.....go get your eat on at the Looney!
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,6/10/2013,267,274,6,19,9>I am obsessed with The Dailey Method. OBSESSED. I constantly struggle with my body image especially my arms. I always WANT to work out and know in the back of my head that I should probably "hit the gym" but no classes or workout methods ever really seemed to click with me. I would start off strong and within a few weeks just stop. I had heard about The Dailey Method (TDM) from my friends that live in Chicago and California. They always raved about it but I didn't truly understand the awesomeness until I tried it out for myself. I remember driving by their future location on Woodward and seeing the "coming here soon" sign and getting SO excited. Little did I know how much it would change my life. In case you were wondering what TDM is (quoting from their website): "TDM is a one-hour class combining ballet barre work, core conditioning, stretching, and orthopedic exercises. The classes effectively strengthens, tones, and lengthens the entire body providing quick physical results." The studio is extremely clean and welcoming with available child care for a small fee if you are interested. I love everything about the classes and an hour seems to go by in a split second. The instructors are ALWAYS switching up their routines and I have never been to the same class twice. Bonus: they also have great music! The owner Carly truly seems to care about every single one of the people that come in and take classes here (you will be amazed how fast she learns your name) - I even received an email from her after class one day referencing my form. What other studio sends you random emails to touch on how you are progressing in class?? Love it!My body is transforming. I don't remember the last time I actually have seen definition in my arms. I feel my posture has greatly improved, my thighs are shrinking and everything is toning up. No other workout that I have ever done (I have done a lot) has transformed my body like TDM has. I am not going to lie. The workouts are HARD. Your legs will shake and you will learn to love planking. When you first start it takes some time learning TDM's lingo (pretzal what? water ski where?) and how to properly set yourself up for various movements. Luckily, one of the things TDM prides itself on (and one of the things that I love) is that their instructors are very hands on during class. They are always walking around getting you into proper alignment. I have been taking classes at TDM since February. I have been going 4-5 times a week. Not because I feel like I should go to class every day....but simply because I feel like my day is missing something if I don't go. There are people of all ages and all sizes in class. Its a no judgement zone. People are working on their "practice" not focusing on anyone else. Yes, the classes are a bit expensive...but it has totally been worth it for me and I would not trade my workouts here for anything. Give yourself 10 classes. You will become an addict like me. I just don't see how its possible not to!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,6/9/2013,67,153,4,7,6>If you enjoy beer, go here. This beer lovers hidden gem is growing fast and creating quite a following. They usually have around 10 beers at any given time. They serve some snacks but you can order from local restaurants if you want a real meal. They even clean up the food you bring in from elsewhere for you. I have probably sampled or drank most of their beers and I could not find one I didn't like. Their Train Hopper IPA packs a citrus punch and their stouts range from casual to coffee to heavy hitting at 10.8% abv. It is a small space but they fill it well and you can arrange your own seating as desired. All around a great find if not a little off the beaten path. Go for the beer and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,6/8/2013,72,72,2,11,7>Probably one of the best grocery stores in Michigan.  Excellent selection of local products, and higher end grocery products.  The prices are a bit higher than what you would pay at the Krogers and Meijers of the world, but the selection and quality here is worth it.  Holiday takes the approach of running the individual departments as their own entities.  This basically makes Holiday feel like a collection of specialty shops under one roof.The produce section is very good.  Not as big as Westborn, but it's still very good.The cheese section is dubbed "cheese island" and has one of the best selections of gourmet cheeses that I've seen in a grocery store.The bakery has so many delicious products, it could easily stand on its own.The liquor/wine department has a selection that rivals most dedicated high end liquor stores.  Every time I have gone there, they have a wine expert on duty to answer questions.  They also carry hard to find spirits such as New Holland's Hopquila.When you check out, they actually have a dedicated bagger at every checkout lane.  That's a nice bonus that helps speed up the checkout process.  I'm glad to see that Holiday hasn't participated in the "race to the bottom" like many other grocers nowadays.If you live anywhere within southeastern Oakland county, you should definitely make your way to Holiday next time you go grocery shopping.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,6/7/2013,376,267,3,12,5>Finding places like this is why I love Yelp. I never would've noticed this tiny little carry out place tucked in an unsuspecting strip mall on Maple and Livernois. I had read a rave review from a trusted Yelp buddy and had to try...I knew I was in a hidden jem when I was the ONLY person in the place speaking English. This might make some feel uncomfortable, but not me. I was smiling from ear to ear. Authentic food brings authentic customers. Simple as that!Let me just start by saying that the PUPUSAS are where it's AT. Sweet Mother Mary. Those things are break your diet good. Dangerous little cornmeal pancakes stuffed with your choice of many fillings...I tried the ground beef and pork options. They come with a mild salsa and a coleslaw like salad. It's not American style slaw with mayo or vinegar. This slaw is much more fresh and dry and a tad spicy with flakes of red pepper and bits of fresh cilantro thrown in. It's not traditional in my world but is a much welcomed alternative. I also got the beef and pork empanadas and although I enjoyed them, they were greasier than I like. I'd go Pupusa and scrap the Empanada next time. My hubs and I then split the Taco dinner and opted for Al Pastor. The pork was cooked perfectly. It was still so tender and flavored so well. We both commented that we don't have to drive to Mexicantown for good tacos anymore. Even the sides- rice and beans were really delicious. The rice was so flavorful- chicken and pepper flavors were there just enough to make the rice interesting but not overpowering and the beans had such great flavor. They were also soup-like in consistency. I am so giddy that El Guanaco is close by...and also scared for what that might do to my waistline but I'll take it. :) Oh and we got all of the above mentioned for a very affordable sum of 13 dollars. You gotta love that....tasty AND affordable...no nonsense. Just good traditional authentic food.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2013,6/6/2013,120,190,4,7,5>I have lived in 8 major cities across the US and have been fortunate enough to travel internationally for the past 20 years.  During this time I have seen what top end restaurants can do in terms of service, selection, atmosphere & creativity.  In returning to Michigan recently, Big Rock has been the only restaurant to date that hits five stars on all metrics.  I look forward to finding more, but until I do, this is my go to destination for fine dining in southeast Michigan.Whenever I am going out for the night and dining is the main event, I always grab a drink at the bar.  I like to extend the experience, get a feel for the place and unwind a little before I sit down to eat.  The bar area does get tight as the night goes on, it can only go about 2-3 people deep before Fire Marshall Bob would have some serious concerns.  I ordered a Chopin Rye (they only had the regular) Vodka Dirty Martini, in and out with an extra olive.  The didn't know what in and out was, which is fine, because they asked, which I appreciate.  It wasn't as dirty as I would have liked it, but I didn't feel the need to have it re-done.  I only mention this, because when I order it here in the future I will ask for it filthy (dusty = light olive juice, dirty is a standard amount, filthy is pouring it from the jar until the drink takes on a green hue, only slightly kidding).  The bartender was friendly, the guests were enjoying themselves, it had a fun vibe to the place.Once we were seated we started with the Duck Confit: Brussel Sprouts, Bacon, Cipolini Onion, Pine Nuts, Feta, Roasted Peaches.  Duck is tricky to me, if it is done poorly, it is inedible, if it is done well, it can be the best dish of the night.  Anything with bacon always deserves a shot and since I just moved from Atlanta I took the peach as a sign from the culinary gods.  I was right, it was wonderful, a great combination of flavors and still light enough for a great app.On a side note, if you are not going to order red meat for your main course but still have a hankering for a hunk of meat, the Tenderloin Steak Bites: Cajun Spice, Chop Sauce, will fit the bill.  Just be prepared to order a second serving of it.In terms of sides we went with the Asparagus grilled with Balsamic and Parmesan.  I love asparagus and this was good, but if I was ranking all the dishes in order for the night it would have come in last.  I liked it, but not amazing, I will go in another direction next time.  The selection of the night was the Macaroni and Brie CheeseBacon and Spinach.  Let me recap: Cheese, Bacon and I stopped reading as well.  Just order it and know you need to run an extra half hour the next day, but it is completely worth it.Some Main Course home runs are the Filet (8 Ounce)  with Truffle Butter.  The offer a wide array of accompaniments, this one always works for me.The Dover Sole Boned Tableside, Mushrooms, Tat Soi and Manchego Salad, Toasted Plugra is my go to seafood option. The Short Ribs with Red Wine and Port Braised, Sour Cream and Buttermilk Red Skin Mashed is a great comfort food type dish for me that always satisfies.For a sweet snack afterwards I like the Brownie Sundae with warm House Made Brownie, Royal Oak's Ray's Vanilla Ice Cream, Sanders Hot Fudge.  Tip: Have them add caramel sauce and chopped walnuts.  They didn't hesitate to let us change the dessert and it was wonderful.To Recap:The Good: The bar, the food, the atmosphere, everything.  Best in Michigan so far.The Bad:  I am never a fan of valet, but the limited parking of the place demands it.The Band This Restaurant Most Resembles:  Muse.  It would be "Madnes" to pass on this place.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2013,6/5/2013,18,66,6,15,8>My fiancé grew up in Brightmore around the corner from Scotty's, and talked me into trying their fish and chips for take out one night. Scotty's is one of those old neighborhood joints in Detroit that has managed to hold on, despite the neighborhood around it deteriorating (sadly). Scotty's has managed to stay in business because Scotty's does fish and chips right. The fish is moist and flaky with a fluffy, crunchy batter. It is fried to order, and comes with coleslaw, fries, and a roll on the side. and their tartar sauce is sooo goooooood.So if you order it to-go, you will literally get your food loaded up on a styrofoam plate, wrapped in a paper napkin, stacked, and shoved in a paper bag. During your ride, your fish will get limp and soggy. Take it from me. Eat in, enjoy the colorful clientele (old ladies, neighborhood folks, biker dudes from the clubhouse down the road, etc.), and savor your old school fish and chips. For you suburbanites, don't let the neighborhood deter you. I don't mean that in any judgmental way- just give Scotty's a try, and you will keep coming back.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2013,6/4/2013,86,521,5,11,8>I live in Ypsilanti, and there aren't a ton of sit-down middle-class type Italian places. There is Paesano's between Ypsi and Ann Arbor, on Washtenaw Ave., and I'm not knocking it. However, it's the sort of place you go to for authentic upscale nouvelle cuisine crafted by a jet-setting and glamorous European chef. And you're lucky to get out of there for under $40 a head if you get a drink and/or dessert on top of an entree.What I wanted was more a "We stop by your Italian grandmother's place and she insists on feeding us" kind of place, and that's Rose's. It's a bit more expensive for dinner, but you could still feed two for under $50 quite easily. Lunch is actually a pretty good deal, and I think I paid less than $20 for an entree, side salad and an after-dinner coffee.The hot, lightly-herbed bread they serve you in a paper bag, gratis, is wonderful. I had read good things on yelp about the Gorgonzola dressing, so I made sure to add a side salad to my order, even though my entree came with steamed green beans and carrots on the side. The Gorgonzola is wonderful for dipping the hot bread in as well.I thought about getting the salmon but settled on eggplant parmesan. I had no complaints- nice thick, meaty slices of eggplant expertly breaded and smothered in sauce and bubbly hot cheese. The spaghetti on the side was perfectly al dente but I found the red sauce too sweet. I don't know if they use a different sauce for the spaghetti than the eggplant or if it was the same sauce and just melded better with the eggplant, but the spaghetti was "meh" overall.My steamed veggies were fine though it was not really the right season for green beans in early March.My companion had the lasagna, which came bubbling hot in its own ramekin, and he pronounced it "really good."Our server was attentive but didn't hover. She didn't seem to mind if we sat and talked after dinner over coffee for quite some time. She wasn't the warmest personality on the planet, but she was adequate and I have no complaints.Overall, I like this place and thought it was a good value. I plan to go back soon.
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,6/3/2013,96,107,5,8,6>To be fair, Opa Grill just opened today, and perhaps it could be considered poor form to publish a review of a restaurant that is going through opening day jitters.  However as my experience was nothing but pleasant, I don't see the point in waiting to review.  Really, everything was great minus a couple of very minor and forgivable things:  I believe their credit card machine and soda fountain were not yet working.  But considering it was opening day I hardly mind paying cash and having my Diet Pepsi poured from a 2-liter.  No big whoop.  I'm sure those issues will be resolved by the end of the week, if not tomorrow.Opa Grill is yet-another-Greek/American diner to pop up in the Detroit area:  This time located at the Northeast corner of 13 mile and Dequindre in Warren (essentially in the Produce Palace parking lot).  The location has been home to at least two failed restaurants in recent years--one or perhaps even multiple being Greek/American diners--but I hope this place makes it.  The food I tried today was very good.  More to come on that.The staff, as well as the owner, were all very personable, welcoming, and friendly.  They were helpful about pointing out finer points of the selections on their GIANT menu (the type of daunting culinary novella you have come to expect from a place like this).  For example, when I was perusing the menu, my waitress pointed out that both their Greek dressing and Tzatziki sauce are particularly tasty house made specialties.  Which helped sell me on my menu selection:Since it was lunchtime I elected to go with the Gyro and small Greek salad combo, for $7.95.  The salad came out fairly quickly and all the ingredients were very fresh.  And the waitress was correct, the dressing was exceptional.  It was pinkish in color and kind of fruit-flavored with just the right amount of vinegary zing.  The owner mentioned to me that her husband used to make it for a popular restaurant in Dearborn and then brought the recipe with him.  I've had better greek salads in the area, but not many.  I'd give this one an A-.They gyro itself was superb.  Perfectly seasoned beef/lamb mix that seemed fresh-carved and still a little juicy.  No "meat leather" to be had here, as you find at so many other places.  Once again, all the veggies were very fresh and applied generously.  There must have been a full tomato and nearly a full thin-sliced onion as well.  But there was more than enough meat so that it did not get overshadowed out by all the veggies.  I could hardly get my mouth around the thing to take a bite, and I have a big mouth.  The Tzatziki sauce was awesome, really tied the whole thing together.  This was one of the best gyros I've had, and that is a huge compliment, given the over-abundance of Greek diners in the area.  The gyro gets an A.As previously stated, I hope this place lasts.  I look forward to going back and trying their breakfast, as well as their standard american fare (coneys and burgers and the like), to see how it all stands up against the powerful gyro.  There are even some Italian and Mexican and Asian options, which I will probably never try, but are nice to have on there so as to be able to have "something for everyone".  There is also a kids menu (which is nice as I have kids) and a senior citizens menu where everything is $6.45, which is kind of cool if you're into that sort of thing.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,6/2/2013,226,86,7,9,7>The best Mediterranean food anywhere.  It costs like $8 to sit down here and have dinner.  Unreal.  The staff is always funny, friendly, and good to talk to.  Service is fast as hell.Everything's made fresh, and perfectly.  My girlfriend and I loved to go on dates here (and so did our wallets!) Two lentil soups (that tasted like they had the tears of Zeus in them), a falafel plate to split, and some rice pilaf or just a side of hummus and pita.  For the two of us this usually rounded out to $10 total.I will really miss this place when I move away from the Ann Arbors.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,6/1/2013,96,224,4,5,3>I've become consumed by the lunch special which is a medium or large pizza, and salad. I don't recall if it included just one topping, but my coworker and I religiously order pepperoni and sausage on a large. The antipasto salad is simply phenomenal, order it with Greek dressing versus the house dressing!Their pizza crust here is crunchy yet chewy with just the a touch of sweetness. Alibi incorporates sugar into their doug, and it adds a caramelization to the bread while in the brick oven that I have yet to experience anywhere else.  Grated parm and red pepper flakes are table side. Some might find the pizza a little greasy due to the Old World Pepperoni.  I use it as an opportunity to douse grated parmesan all over it, creating a  'flavor sludge' atop my slice.
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2013,5/31/2013,28,251,4,5,4>I am so sad I only just found out about this place!  It's a tiny little restaurant tucked underneath an apartment complex on Plymouth road-- we missed it at first when we were trying to find the restaurant.There are only two tables that seat 6 or so in the place, so unless you're ready to wait around for food and table, I would recommend calling ahead of time and pick up your food to enjoy at home. The food: delicious.  Fried is the way to go, IMO.  Kimchee fries and kimchee jun were absolutely delicious, fried vegetables were pretty good too. Kimchee rice... great flavor (pretty spicy though), but the spam is not fried so next time I will def go with bulgogi or chicken.  I wasn't particularly keen on the mandoo-- the wonton was fried cracker-crispy and the meat was so-so... but I ate my weight in food last night and will definitely be back!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,5/30/2013,85,105,2,7,6>The Art of Bread has been teasing me over the past 6 months every time I visited Joe's Produce with that 'COMING SOON' sign.FINALLY!It's Open!I came here last weekend to pick up a loaf of multi grain bread for my family and I's typical Sunday dinner.AS soon as the front door swings open there is a haunting aroma of fresh baked breads  with slight undertones of type 2 diabetes (kidding).I was greeted at the door with a tray full of free cookie samples- I behaved and only took one.It was the lemon cookie- delicious, fresh, sweet, tangy and moist.  I will come back one day for a box of sweets, but I was on the mission of multi-grain.I placed my order with one of the many friendly employees and received my loaf of bread- STILL WARM FROM THE OVEN in a brown paper sleeve.I also noticed their housemade compound butters, jams, jelly's, pumpkin and apple butters- All looked delicious!My kind of place. ;)I can't wait to come back and try EVERYTHING.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,5/29/2013,40,39,,9,3>I started going to this gym about two weeks ago when I first purchased the Group-on coupon and I have been fascinated with this place ever since. I first purchased the Group-on coupon with hesitation as I am a guy that typically likes to work out by myself at the gym or go for a run, but I figured I'd give it a chance now that the winter is coming and a friend of mine had been telling me about this place.The first class that I showed up to was "Advanced Kickboxing", I have to admit that I was a little lost as everyone else seemed to know what to do. Within seconds, someone came to my aide and told me what I had to do in order to get started with the class. In short, the class was very high energy and fun, nonstop cardio. I was completely tired after 30 minutes, I held through until the end of the hour before calling it quits. I have since tried many of the other classes they offer and they all provide their own challenges. After my Group-on expires, I will definitely extend my membership for this gym. I urge you to try this class if you are someone who needs a little kick in the butt in order to get yourself to work out. Pros:Variety of classes is a plusVaried schedule for the working folkInstructors are really fun and high energyEquipment readily available for purchaseCons:none... but as another reviewer noted... they are closed on Sundays...
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,5/28/2013,409,83,2,10,5>Living in Dearborn you get to try middle eastern cuisine from all the multiple restaurants that reside in the town. After a while you start to become an expert about restaurants that provide a quality product. This restaurant is not in Dearborn but one thing they do is serve excellent dishes. I have officially made this my go to place for my cravings for middle east food.The garlic sauce they serve is richly superb and a perfect match for the moist chicken dishes they serve. The hummus is perfect combination of ingredients and the best part it is always consistent concerning the texture and taste. The warm bread they serve for grabbing food is flaky and comforting, something that matches the quality of the food. The service is also something to mention because they are very accommodating and personable compared to other establishments.The only negative I have found and others have shown this concern in the reviews is the portions sizes when carrying out. I have found them to be all over the board with portions. I have received cartons with ten french fries for a side order. I have taken home raw kibbie with no more then a few bites and the cost is around $12. The salads have also been laughable in concerns of portion size. Takeout orders are a money maker for middle eastern restaurants so they would be wise to change. If the takeout orders can become comparable with the portion sizes they serve in-house then this place gets five stars from me.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,5/27/2013,139,312,4,8,6>I don't think there is a single person who has survived school at Michigan without dining (or drinking) at Sava's at least once.  It's one of the closest and most non-objectionable eateries in Ann Arbor.  There is something for every taste on the menu, from bánh mì to fish tacos to (my favorite) the black bean burger.  The drink menu isn't bad either.  And...drumroll...breakfast is available until 3pm!It may be a little overpriced for the portions, but it has terrific hours (open till midnight for dinner every day) and consistently good quality food.  The service can be slow, but that's usually just because the place is packed, so you can't blame the staff.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,5/26/2013,56,84,6,8,6>This place is VERY good. I haven't had Malaysian food very frequently, but if this is what it tastes like...sign me up!Even better, this place is literally down the street, so we'll be getting takeout here for sure.Since moving to Michigan 3.5 years ago, I haven't been able to find a decent place with good boba. I'm from Norcal and we take our boba seriously...meaning the tapioca pearls have to be soft and the milk tea has to be authentic. I was VERY excited to discover that they have the perfect boba here!We got the chicken pad thai, and chicken with potato curry with rice. Both were very delicious. Also got the chicken satay appetizer which peanut sauce that was also very good.Service was great. Waitstaff was very attentive. Didn't hurt that we were the only people in the restaurant. ;)Will definitely be dropping by in the near future to at least get my boba fix!!!!!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,5/25/2013,5,66,1,7,6>Supino's has the best New York Style pizza that I've had outside of New York, maybe even better... And yes, I've had pizza in Manhattan to actually compare it to.Classic thin New York style pizza, with big, foldable pieces, baked to a crispy on the outside, chewy on the inside crust. Far different from Detroit style, but man, is this good. Lots of different menu options with red (tomato sauce) and white (no sauce) pies, your usual suspect toppings and some unique creations (like The Bismarck; pizza with prosciutto and egg).The dining room is very small, and it's not good for groups, so take out may be the best option. If you can get a seat, take a load off and hang out for a while. A great find in Eastern Market; highly recommended if you're in the area!
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/24/2013,60,254,4,13,8>Let me start by saying whoever wrote the menu for Fattoush is a smart smart person, and this place could (and probably will) be the gateway for Lebanese Food!  The menu is amazing!! Not only is there a lot to choose from, but there are descriptions for EVERYTHING!  They do no assume you know what Kibbee is.  I have always been hesitant to try a lot of things because the menu never says what it is!  Fattoush explains what everything is, and I love it!  I know other people will be more adventurous in their selections because of this as well! :-D  Well done!The Hubs found this place, almost by accident.  A coworker had lunch in the office and it filled the place with such wonderful aromas he HAD to try it!  He grabbed a quick lunch, and loved it.  Before I knew it, we were heading there a few days later for dinner.I can say it is was one of the best, if not THE best Chicken Shawarma I've ever had!  It was SOO good!  One thing i really enjoyed is it was not slathered with hummus.  I like hummus, but I like the taste the chicken and not have warm hummus oozing everywhere.  The tabouli in my Super Chicken Shawarma was nice too.  I had a combo (You can pick fries, soup, or salad) I had Chicken Lemon Rice soup which was great and obvs homemade!  It had a nice lemony tang, nice tender chicken chunks and it is not super heavy!  Very good!While The Hubs and I sat there eating, I counted 7 people stop in to grab carry out orders, and this was at 4pm on a Saturday...so you know they must be doing something right.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,5/23/2013,15,159,11,13,13>Authentic Mexican cuisine in Wixom? (Yeah, I know it's a Novi address, but it's across the street from The Village, so... c'mon, level with me here.) Even with the growing number of Mexican-Americans immigrating to Wixom, I wouldn't have believed it if I hadn't visited Burrito King. But seriously. Burrito King rules so hard... I can hardly express it in words.Helpful bilingual signs and menus make Burrito King accessible to just about everyone, and the variety on the menu is simply staggering, given how small the location is. I mean, seriously, tacos con cabeza as a choice? Or beef tongue? Or tripe? Dude. Burrito King does NOT screw around!Favorites for me are easily the fajita burrito with chicken -- which is absolutely to die for, and puts any stupid tex-mex chain restaurant's fajita dinner to shame. Except at Burrito King, it sets you back six bucks. SIX DOLLARS for nearly two pounds of fresh-grilled chicken, peppers, cheese, amazing marinade... If you even kind of like fajitas, start here. Next, the Torta Cubana is basically how I want to clog my arteries and die. Check it: fried breaded steak, ham, pineapple, lettuce, tomatoes, avocado, cheese, egg, and fried beans between two slices of Telera bread. I've literally said "I regret nothing!" aloud after eating this. And all that's under eight bucks! Customers are continually coming in and out, so you know nothing's sitting around for long, the woman at the counter (it's always been the same one when I've gone) is super friendly, and if you want to eat in or hang around while your order is being made, there's an unusual array of card tables and folding chairs in the dining room, while Univision is on non-stop on the flat screen. Top it all off with Mexican Coke, a nice selection of Jarritos, fresh horchata (yeah, really), and going anywhere else for Mexican food will seem insane. "What about booze?" you ask? Pop over to the liquor store in the same strip mall and grab yourself a cerveza. They've got a nice selection, and it's just sketchy enough that you can buy beer in onsies.
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,5/22/2013,252,310,1,10,6>I gotta hand it to this place. My kinda eatery. Located practically on the golf course grounds, it is now a great restaurant open to the public. The inside feels like a woodsy, huntsmen style log cabin. Very large inside, a fireplace and a lot of dear heads on the walls. The chandeliers are even made with dear antlers! As you can imagine, most of the clientele is older local white folks.The waiter was very attentive and polite - only way he could have been better is if he was a purdy lookin she. My wife got the most delectable, baked to perfection Shepherd's Pie with plenty of ground beef, potatoes, cheese and all the veggies in it. So hearty, with the right spices - I think it would impress any drunken Irishman's pub palette. It came with a side of cornbread and coleslaw - and it's a huge portion. Enough to finish if you are starving, or save a snack portion for later otherwise.My "Rodeo Melt" burger was a real delight. A huge onion roll packed with the goodies. I am talking plenty of cheddar cheese, onion rings, horseradish sauce, and best of all a generous portion of shaved, succulent ribeye steak. There is only one thing better served shaved and succulent, and I can not mention it on Yelp.This place has the goods for a very fair price. Really mouth watering meals can be had for about $9-$14 on average. If you are into catching some hunter's game - there are also venison, buffalo, duck and other game meats like that - either in entree form or the less daring group appetizer form (so every can say they at least tried it!)Very good restaurant for meat-eating folks that want a hearty comfort meal in an up north cabin kind of ambiance.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,5/21/2013,151,160,5,12,10>This landmark drive up has served the Ypsi area since the 50's. I had not been happy with the quality of their cooking and the food.Hence, I stayed away for years.About six months ago I noticed the sign advertsing a wing ding special dinner for $19.99. Consisting of 18 wings, family size frys and a large cole slaw. I caved last night. The wings were excellent! Hot, crispy, non-greasy. The coleslaw was of the creamy variety,but not sweet. The frys were hot and just right. Although, almost too salty for me. But, all was very tasty. There was enough food for three to four people.The Chick has redeemed themselves to me with this one dinner.I'll be back for another dinner and will test the other menu items.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,5/20/2013,2657,302,9,19,16>Solid family pizzeria!! I thought for sure with a Tiger game on & the fact that we had to park a mile away we would have to wait to be seated, but Cloverleaf is huge!  We got a booth in front of the brick fireplace with a big screen where we had a perfect view of the Tigers sticking it to the A's.  The 6 dollar pitcher of Bud Light got this dinner off to a great start.  We ordered the small Antipasta salad with the usual suspects and chick peas with some pretty good green olives.  I'm glad we ordered the small for 6 bucks, it fed 2 adults & 2 kids with some left over.  The bread basket we received was a treat as well.  Sliced Italian bread, whipped butter & a delicious homemade bread stick with Parmesan & sugar baked on top. We ordered a square with pepperoni & it was delicious. Crisp corners with just the right amount of sauce and cheese.  I could compare everything we ate to somewhere else but put everything together & you have one solid family pizzeria with a bar atmosphere!  Every single server in the place was on the top of there game like worker bees in a colony!  We had a great time & for the price this is a new go to place for pizza.  So hop on 696 to Gratiot & check out some "Eastpointe Pizza"!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,5/19/2013,54,236,4,9,4>Dined here last night for the first time. After a long (and sad) day, a commute to Lansing and back, and a couple hours of Christmas shopping - we were ready for some grub when we arrived around 9PM. I had checked the menu out online, so I knew what to expect food wise. So when we arrived, I was first impressed by their beer special! $3 for the Shorts Bloody Ale. Not something I had tried before but it is a beer you should experience - love the dill flavoring. Very unique. I did not order wine but I was impressed with the eclectic list and what seemed to be really great prices! I will have to give the wine a go on my next visit. We were seated in a cozy little 2 top next to the bar area. Perfect! Love the layout of the restaurant, which looks like it has a large patio area for the summer months. The menu is FILLED with many delicious sounding dishes - from the starters to the flat-breads, entrees to the side dishes, it was difficult to decide what to order. I went with the Adult Grilled Cheese, which came with Portabella fries. I also added a side Caesar salad (if you've red my other reviews, I'm starting to think I am a little obsessed with Caesar salads). The salad first came out wrong (a house salad) but was quickly returned for the correct one. I usually ask for my Caesar dressing on the side, but our server had noted that it was lightly dressed - so I trusted her and went with it. It truly was one of the best little Casar salad's! Dressing was light and tangy, and the Parmesan was fresh and had a rich flavor. My husband ordered the house salad, which came with a citrus vinaigrette - also very unique and a real citrus flavor. The "Adult Grilled Cheese", was filled with Gruyere, Blue Cheese and Swiss ( I believe) and a pear compote. OMG. Like nothing I've ever eaten before. Definitely "adult" in nature, as well as the MMMM-ing and AHHHH-ing I was doing while I enjoyed it. (wink wink). The portabella fries were OK, a little bland. I would likely switch them out for sweet potato fries or a different side next time. Hubby ordered the Charlie Brown Burger. Glad I could get my hands on it for one little bite - Very good! Meat was cooked perfectly (medium) and the burger had great flavor and bacon was also perfectly cooked (he said). The surprising meal choice of the night goes to hub, who switched out his french fries for the veggies - which I believe they call the Green Tumbler. Knowing that he DESPISES cooked spinach (or at least that's what I have learned after 8 years of marriage), I watched in disbelief as he ate every green leaf, spear and bean on his plate. Guess I can add spinach to the grocery list again - THANK YOU JIM BRADY'S!! :)Overall, great meal, great prices. Love the Michigan beers available, unique menu choices and feel of the restaurant. We will be back!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,5/18/2013,515,128,6,19,14>FINALLY. The food snob has been satiated. There are plenty of restaurants I love here in Michigan. None though, have truly quenched my thirst for the innovative until my lunch (yes, just lunch) today at Gastronomy. I'm considering going back for dinner in an hour or so. The vibe here is classy, not pretentious (all though they could so get away with it). Elizabeth in the pub section was a delight, she made the meal that much better. Excellent service, with a visit from the dashing Chef Hightower. And I mean dashing! I started with the "Haute" dog from the gastropub menu, and what I got was a beautiful house made sausage nestled in the most perfect house made bun. Alongside was a gorgeous, scratch-made ketchup style sauce that was sweet and fresh, a tangy grain mustard, pickled jalapeno and some super tasty relish. I could totally eat these all day, any day. I can't recommend these more. I followed with a serving of the walleye chowder, which was velvety and rich, full of flavor and salted properly. I then indulged in the cider glazed salmon. It was grilled on a cedar plank, served with an apple quinoa salad, and frisee. Delish. I joined the clean plate club with all three courses. The cupcake of the day was a sweet cornbread with a berry jam studded center, topped with a light lemon glaze. Perfection. I mean it- I took another home for late night snacking, which I will do whilst thinking about the handsome chef.  I cannot complement him enough on the courageous menu, the freshness of the food and the beautiful presentation. A must try, my new favorite.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,5/17/2013,272,268,5,10,7>Filippas is located right at the corner of Mound Road and M-59 on the northwest corner.  My friend and I decided to go there on a Friday around 4:30 in the afternoon for dinner.  Arrived there without a reservation and the hostess sat us immediately at a very nice table.  I was with a handicapped person so she sat us relatively close so my friend did not have to battle with maneuvering to the table.Looked around and the establishment was quite nice.  They have different specials on different days, such as wine 1/2 off.  Darn, can't drink at the moment, but soon!!! Ordered a glass of iced tea with lemon and my friend ordered coffee.  The waitress was very nice and accommodating.  We ordered an appetizer, potato pierogi with lobster with cream sauce - sounds definitely yummy.  She also took our orders for dinner at that time, but I told her not to put the orders in until after we receive our appetizer, in which she said she would.  I decided on a 6 ounce filet mignon with mushrooms and grilled onions, my mouth is now watering, just thinking of it.  The filet I wanted medium to medium well done and I ordered vegetables instead of a potato along with Italian Wedding Soup.  Let me tell you though, the appetizer came out and OMG how  delicious was that!?! I guess the recipe came from the chef's mother.  I want that recipe - nah, no I don't it probably is too complicated, I'll just have to go back to Filippas for the appetizer and I will have it as my own main entree, that way I don't have to share it!!!!!  A pierogi is a pierogi until you have had one from Filippas!  Ugh, very very delicious.  Mouth watering, melt in your mouth.  The cream sauce had to be at least 1000 calories removed.  Three of them came on a plate, so I had one and my friend had the other two since she was flipping the bill - I'm quite nice like that!!!!Next came the soup and for my friend a salad.  The soup was no big deal, did not even finish it.  My friend's salad looked appetizing and there were no complaints from that side of the table.  The main entree arrives and it looks oh so scrumptious! I cut into my filet and it is well done, I can live with it, but I do tell the waitress who sends over a manager.  The manager orders me a new filet - what a shame they took away the well done and probably tossed it!  My tummy is getting quite full at this point.  They leave the vegetables for me and oh my, they were quite something - pea pods, squash, broccoli, all kinds of wonderful vegetables.  Out comes the new filet along with another stack of vegetables and by this point I cannot eat another thing.  I cut into the filet and see it is a little more pink that the last one, still a little over cooked, but I say it is wonderful and to please box it up!! All in all this establishment was wonderful.  From the moment we opened the door until we left we were very very satisfied.  Will definitely go back!  Stay tuned for part 2!
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,5/16/2013,39,48,5,8,6>"Did you eat yet? We're sitting in a Korean restaurant and ordered a hot pot big enough for 6 people." That's the text message verbatim I sent to a bunch of friends while staring at a boiling pot of bacon and hotdogs, trying to comprehend what I got myself into.Those 30-something dollar hot pots that say "serves 2 people" are missing some words on the menu. Instead, it should read "serves 2 people for a few days", "serves 2 very large people", or "do you really really like leftovers?" After the large appetizer, I could only get down one bowl of the stew, and had about 4 bowls left to take home. This was a fortunate problem of mine as I enjoyed the take home portion very much so. You really can't go wrong with stew that contains pork belly (essentially thick cut bacon) and hot dogs. Yes, if the menu says it contains hot dogs, it really does contain hot dogs. It sounds weird, but it was one of the best stews I've ever had. Spicy, bacony, hot-dogginy(?).From looking up this awesome concoction on the interwebs, it appears I probably ordered budae jjigae, which literally means "army base stew". It originated from the Korean War, when people took leftover hot dogs and spam from US military facilities and threw them into a stew. Ironically it was one of the most "American" type dishes on the menu as my fiance is still a bit scared when presented with non-American type cuts/types of meat, as well as seafood.In all, it was an awesome mistake. The stew was phenomenal and kept me well fed at work. For 30-some bucks, it really was well worth it. Oh yes, there are cheaper things on the menu. If you order something that only serves one person, I'd be willing to bet that you'd be able to split it with another.One thing to note is that most of the customers were Korean. Like most ethnic type restaurants, that's a pretty good sign that the food is probably going to have an authentic taste.I'll definitely be back. I wish I tried this place out sooner.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2013,5/15/2013,229,201,3,5,3>We went here for a Sleeping Beauty Ballet we were in Row L and pretty much in the middle, great seats. But really it looked like every seat was a great seat, it was a pretty intimate theater. And I should point out there is no middle isle to walk down, only a isle on both sides of the theater. So if your in a middle seat, your in the middle of like 15 or so people on both sides of you. They served alcohol and non alcohol drinks that you were able to bring in, no food or snacks. The only thing I didn't like about this place was the ushers letting people still go to their seats after the show had started. I mean its one thing that they can go to their seat between the dancers scenes, but I don't enjoy 6 people walking in front of me while I'm trying to enjoy the ballet JUST because they don't know how to be in their seats on time. Let them wait between scenes...it's that easy.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,5/14/2013,386,264,4,10,4>We tried the Wednesday Lasagna Special (Large tray of refrigerated lasagna, a half loaf of prepared garlic bread and a 2 liter pop for under $20) again and were very pleased with the results.  We try to have dinner with my Mom on Wednesdays and She has been known to enjoy a little lasagna every once and a while.  I saw some reviews about the pizza slices and cannolis and decided to give it another try.  First off the cannolis and eclairs were excellent. Two of each set me back almost as much as half of the special, but they were worth it!  I took home a lasagna special and doctored it up with some extra sauce and more mozzarella cheese, just because we really like lots and lots of cheese and sauce, and it was superb.  It's very good even without the extras.  I usually max out with 4 stars on a take out and the Dearborn Italian Bakery deserves my max.  4 stars and I'll definitely be back...
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/13/2013,202,393,3,6,4>Love, love, LOOOOOVE the Sugar House!!!  Such a great, casual environment to be in..I honestly am surprised I was able to snag a table on Friday night without having to wait.Environment: dark, with a tealight candle on each table.  Bathrooms were nice and clean.  I love the chandelier at the very front.  TIP: if you're looking for The Sugar House, it's next to Slow's BBQ..I think 2-3 doors down, and it's a black building front.  "The Sugar House" is written on the door window.Prices: reasonable.  We had 7-9 drinks, all for $75.  Honestly, NOT BAD when you're considering the service, the quality of the drinks, and the environment.Drinks: deeeeeliciousssss.. I like coming to lounges like The Sugar House bc I never know what I want aside from "something sweet and fruity".  Our server, Nick, recommended the Roosevelt Park Swizzle.  I'm not one of those people with refined palates for alcohol, but I enjoyed it, and that counts for something, right?Service: Our server Nick was the absolute best and one of the reasons we enjoyed this place so much.  He made really good recommendations, and the boys I was with (who both can appreciate some fiiiiine whiskey) really enjoyed his recommendations.Can't wait to come back again and sit in Nick's section!!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2013,5/12/2013,139,856,5,6,5>Tartufo!It was worth driving 2 hours each way in the blizzard for the truffle pizza.  It was just so much umami in one little pizza.  Out of all the truffle pizzas in the area (Jolly Pumpkin, Vito's in Windsor, etc.) this is probably the best.  A killer wine list, too, though when I come back, I will have to check the beer list too.  Dinner begins with crostini and white bean dip (a la Bacco, Magdaleno, etc.).   We sat at the "chef's counter," which was nice and warm, and in general the vibe is very positive. Service is friendly and knowledgeable.  I can't wait to try more of the menu, though it will be difficult to order anything besides the tartufo.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,5/11/2013,24,106,1,14,7>Tuesday afternoon, I was driving on 12 Mile Road almost to the corner of Mound when I spotted Sushi Bon's sign. "How did I miss a sushi place in Warren????" I quickly made a turnaround, park my car in front of the restaurant and went in. I was greeted by two people who kindly told me that they are still not open but will be, come Thursday.Fast forward two days later and I found myself in the same parking lot, coming in to Sushi Bon for their opening day. Simple, minimalist and cozy would be words to describe the interior. The walls are decorated simply by 5" x 7" framed photographs that I later found out were the works of the owner's wife. A wonderful lady with a kind smile seated me in a table in the far corner of the restaurant (my choice) in a table I would be calling dibs from now on every time I eat there.I was immediately greeted by my server, David, menu in hand. After about 5 minutes of perusing through a menu that has just enough selection to satisfy any sushi fanatic, I decided to try their Red Dragon Roll but quickly changed my mind to just the plain Dragon Roll (both are shrimp tempura rolls with spicy salmon for the former and crab for the latter). I thought it might be a little costly at $11.99 but what the heck. I was hungry from skipping lunch and I want to treat myself to sushi. I also ordered 3 shrimp tempura rolls (6 pieces each order for a really reasonable $4.99 each order). Did I mention I was hungry? :)While I was waiting for my order, David brought me a hand roll (the flavor of which, I later found out was off the menu) and told me it was compliments of the chef! What a lovely gesture! That would have been enough for me to give this place a 5-star rating (so now you know I can be bribed when I'm hungry! lol) but when I bit into it, the roll was scrumptious! It turns out that this was the PREFECT prologue to the rest of my meal that came about 10 minutes after I finished my hand roll.I would note here that the Dragon Roll was HUGE -- probably the equivalent of two, maybe three sushi! Good thing I was hungry! :) Size aside, both my orders were delicious and yes, something to write to YELP! about!Ladies and gentlemen of the YELP! world. A brand new sushi hangout place that serves QUALITY sushi had arrived in Warren. Its name is SUSHI BON!I can't wait to tell my best friend about this place! I WILL be back!(Check out the photos of this place I have uploaded! :) )
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,5/10/2013,74,376,3,7,3>Jaws is awesome.  The only thing I don't like is that they're CASH ONLY (and I never have cash).  I've tried several of the burgers.  The meat's delicious, the buns are delicious.  Great burger!  I've also had the steak sandwiches.  Definitely not a traditional Philly steak, but SO good.  The thinnest sliced ribeye steak (hardly any fat) on a fresh bun.  They add lettuce, tomato and oil/vinegar, which makes it a little different.  I also add mushrooms, onions and cheese to mine.  The half-size sandwich is about 6 in and very big, so be careful when ordering.  The owner is great and makes small talk, seems genuinely happy you're there (even for carryout!).  A nice change!  Makes me happy to support deserving local businesses like Jaws.  Will be back regularly.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/9/2013,172,189,5,12,5>This facility is just plain amazing.  A state of the art gym with a towel service for a fraction of the price.  There are a few lug heads to contend with at times, but I love the indoor track and weight room.  I should mention that they also have a rock wall, pool, computer classes for locals, and massage rooms!  Because of my current work schedule and my overall laziness, I have not taken any work out classes.  But it is open till 10 on weekdays which is nice.  The only Complain is that the parking absolutely sucks.  During a Tiger or Redwings game... you are better off staying home.  On a few occasions I actually drove there and turned right around and drove back home.  They are building a parking garage right next to it currently.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,5/8/2013,73,199,6,9,4>Mexican food with incredibly large portions and incredibly large puddles of grease - just the way grandpa would have liked.Abuelos was a far drive for a work lunch but worth it. While the menu usually has more expensive options for Mexican, they are with reason. The food is higher quality and there is more of it. The free chips for example, come with four separate salsas including a super spicy variety and even a green chile salsa.For the record, green chile salsa is the greatest green sauce in the world - go ahead and prove me wrong yelpers, PROVE ME WRONG.Abuelos also has lunch specials and even those are a lot of food. The burrito was more than enough for me as was the chicken chimichanga I ordered the first time I was there.The chicken chimichanga at Abuelos was the best I had ever had, but the second time around I wanted something healthier. The waitress easily accommodated me by suggesting a chicken burrito with avocado. It was great.If you love Mexican food, or restaurants named after grandparents, you should visit this place. Also, it has a convenient location in the parking lot of Lakeside Mall in front of JC Penney. No one ever goes to JC Penney so you will never have to fight parking or traffic.BONUS: When you visit, try counting the stereotypes on the traditional Mexican mural on the wall. It is amazing.
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,5/7/2013,226,699,1,14,8>I really hope this place sticks around longer than it's predecessor because they do really great work here. To start off the lovely red haired woman, who took my order and I presume also bakes, was a delight and the store itself is warm and inviting. I ordered a slew of things to try since Maria B. spoke so highly of it. I started with an assortment of the French Macaron, a loaf of their dark rye, a Twisted Mitten cookie and lastly an almond croissant.The rye was phenomenol....light and airy with a crusty exterior. I was impressed that a dessert bakeshop made such fantastic bread - that seems harder to find these days.The flavor was light and not overpowering with rye's intensity...I can only imagine the toasted Reuben you could make with this bread!!!The Twisted Mitten cookie had Michigan ingredients like Better Maid potato chips in it but it was unfortunately dry and crunchy and I didn't really pick up any of the Better Maid flavor I had hoped for. But it gave me some great cookie ideas nonetheless.The Almond croissant was delicious....tender, buttery and light with plenty of crunchy edges where the filling had crystallized from baking. The interior was moist and the crushed almond filling made these crave worthy - a must try! Now the important part...the French Macaron. These were pretty much perfection! Technically spot on and the real deal. Of the 5-6 flavors I tried the citrus fillings stood out as the best. The caramel and chocolate I didn't love as much but the cookie part of the sandwiches were very well done...I was thoroughly impressed. I snacked on a few of these on the ride home and blissed out a little.I can't speak to the cupcakes as I didn't order any but they looked great as did the cake lollipops. Definitely worth stopping by!!! Totally legit in my book!
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,5/6/2013,89,191,6,13,8>My five star rating is somewhat conditional based on what you're looking for - for me, it fits...for you...well, read and figure it out for yourself.We ran one of my networking group's event there last night, and so there were, oh, maybe 60 or 70 people there at "peak", and a total of about 100 throughout the night.  I'd been in touch with the owners since I first heard the place was opening a few months ago, and so we've been chatting throughout the past few months making sure they were going to be ready for us.  And for the most part, they were.1. They're still in "soft open" mode.  The lights are on, the sign is lit, and you can go in for a beer and some food.  However, "soft open" means "still working out the kinks", so just keep that in mind.2.  They're still not done with construction.  The bar area itself gets pretty crowded and hard to move around if more than a dozen people are standing around, and since they haven't yet removed the booths that are closest to the bar...it can get to be a pretty tight fit once you've got 15 to 20 people standing around chatting and grabbing a beer here and there.3.  It's a brewery.  No, you're not getting a Bud Light here.  No, you're not getting a vodka and cranberry here.  You're getting their beer, or Faygo soda, or water.  Those are your choices.  Which, for my group and I...not a problem...but you may need a little more variety depending on your taste preferences and those of who you're with at the time.4.  The menu is somewhat limited (I posted a photo), but what's there is outstanding.  Got there around 4pm with a few of the regulars from the group, and we sampled.  The cuban sandwich is outstanding.  The cole slaw is vinegar based, but not overbearingly so, and it too is great.  The reuben eggrolls are...well, they're a reuben...in an eggroll...and they're killer.  Hands down the best thing we tried.  If you come here and don't get the reuben eggrolls, you're an idiot.5.  The names of the beers cracked us up. The "ninja chicken" beer is VERY good...to the point where my group completely killed off their supply last night.  ("sorry", for anyone stopping by there before they get a new run ready...).  It's almost but not quite an IPA, and it's got a great profile to it.  The "nice beaver" caramel brown is solid, smooth, and pretty easy on the tastebuds.  The stouts are solid, and they've got two batches from different temperature brews that they'll blend and come up with a good drink to suit whatever you're looking for between the two.6.  The bartender's friendly, the owners were on hand and chatting, and the waitresses were cute, personable and outgoing.  Can't ask for much more.7.  The booths that are still there from when it was a family-style restaurant...well, while I'll definitely be going back with friends from time to time, we'll be holding off having any other "group" events there until those get ripped out...or at least until after the ones by the bar get ripped out...so that there's a little better flow to the room and moving-around potential.  But if you're just going with 2-4 people in your party, it's solid enough.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,5/5/2013,223,265,3,11,6>WOW!   Loved it.  Glad I finally tried it and recommend it highly.  Could be a new favorite.Reading through the menu I pretty much thought I'd like to try everything.  Everything is clearly prepared with intent, skill and nice ingredients. The grits/egg/bacon bowl was fantastic.  The grits were perfectly prepared and this was a GREAT breakfast.  I also got to try the biscuits and sausage gravy.  Fantastic.  Super light and tasty.  Would love to know where the sausage was from.Service was fine.  The owners are in the big open kitchen cooking.  Looking forward to trying more of the menu.And what's up with Yelp filtering off almost 30 reviews?!
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,5/4/2013,19,242,2,5,2>It took me five months to get back to this great place--partly because it is hard to get into on a weekend since they don't take reservations for less than eight and partly because I've been busy.  In my first review I said if the food was as good again as it was the first time I would consider a 5*. This time the food was again excellent but they have eliminated one of the scruptious sides from the first visit---the smoked chedder beets. Maybe they are seasonal!. Still I was disappointed. This time there were four of us and everything was delicious. I started with the yellow pepper bisque which came with a garnish of smoked scallops--really tasty. Then I ended with the lobster roll-also very good. My wife ordered small plates of salmon rillettes and seafood louie --both yummy. She also had a side of carrots which were ok, but a little under cooked. The rillettes took a minute to dig to the bottom good stuff through a layer of fat, but the result to get to the salmon was worth it. My daughter had the sea bass with a side of wild mushrooms and my granddaughter had the sirloin with a tomato saffron sauce---- they thought they were great and I tasted both and agreed. The dessert, which we passed around was a couple of mini donuts with a side of bacon ice cream---really rich and the ice cream was a tasty surprise.They have a very nice wine list.Service by Lauren was superb.I said maybe a 5*, but not yet--one more time at this level and yes. I hope they bring back the beets.
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,5/3/2013,250,197,6,7,4>The most important thing to know about Zingerman's: come hungry. Sample everything.I was not mentally prepared for the adventure that is Zingerman's. You order in one building, sit and eat in another, shop around (and sample) in between... then save room for dessert because there's yet another counter (or three) for that. The staff - at every counter, and around every corner - are the friendliest and most helpful I've ever encountered. Typically, I feel bad for requesting a sample or for taking forever to make up my mind and order. Not here. Literally every single employee made me feel like an old friend - they were happy to offer help, suggestions, advice or even just to chat. I tried a variety of goat and sheep's cheeses (then bought some), was offered bread samples, fancy olive oils, vinegars, mustards and more... The sandwich menu is long, but being organized by meat type makes it manageable. Plus you can ask about, sample, substitute or customize ANYTHING. No matter what you do, you will wind up with a stellar sandwich. With such high-quality ingredients and TLC I am pretty positive you can't go wrong. IMPORTANT TO KNOW: sandwiches come in two sizes: small and large. Bread is about the same, but filling is I think 4 or 6 ounces, depending. I ordered a small and only finished half of it thanks to all the samples and sides we had.After dinner, we scoped the dessert counters: coffee and tea drinks, cakes, pies, pastries, cupcakes, tarts... all fresh baked and filled with out-of-the-ordinary ingredients and combinations. We all had small samples of the gelato and the fine chocolates - dulce de leche with grapefruit and dark chocolate? Just one of the bazillion tastebud tangling options amongst the beautiful case. There is literally something for everyone.A couple of words of warning:If you're from Boston (like me) or somewhere equally as cold and grouchy, you could be put-off by the friendliness. My advice is to embrace it. Be prepared. There are a lot of signs to read, things to see, things to taste - menus, posters, people, seating, counters, just stimulus everywhere! Easy to be overwhelmed in this environment. Come with an open mind - and know you can come back and try more next time. I can't wait until I do!
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,5/2/2013,110,141,8,12,9>FDKLPJAIFODSJFD;;!@difdoapDOIdjl.That is the unintelligible sound of me with a mouth full of Mudgies, freaking out over how dang good it tastes. It is practically impossible to stop from verbally exclaiming how delicious each bite is.I have been waiting to try Mudgies forever now and I am promptly heading to change the section of my Yelp profile "What would my last meal be?" ... to MUDGIES!! I digress... Mudgie's is 5-star phenomenal for a plethora of reasons. First being - the quality of their food. It is LOCAL, it is FRESH, it is ORGANIC, it is REAL FOOD! You can feel good about eating Mudgies. Their ingredients are the best local stuff from the meat to the pickle on the side to the Sanders fudge on your dessert. Next is their specials. They feature different soups and sandwiches as their weekly specials and that is really fun to get to try different creative sandwiches! Next is their atmosphere. It has the sweetest vibe. The seating area is basically the living room of a house. When I was there for lunch on a Thursday it was full of business men and hipsters alike. Their menu is brilliant. The service was so friendly- specifically the man (who my friend informed me is "Mudgie") who checked up on our table not once but TWICE to hear how we were enjoying it. Mudgie's is going for quality all around and they are WINNING.More reasons why Mudgie's wins ... free parking on the street, lots of natural light coming into their space, clean interior and bathrooms, decent prices, a create your own sandwich option, happy not snobby atmosphere, they were accommodating for my 1 year old nephew, they deliver, you can carry out, you can take your time or be in and out quickly ... the list goes on.I ordered the Ivey sandwich but added grilled chicken (it is usually Vegetarian) and got it grilled as well -- I highly recommend this veggie stuffed sandwich. I could only finish half in one sitting. I am officially ruined for other sandwiches! See you SOON, Mudgies!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,5/1/2013,39,71,11,11,10>Not bad, Mercury Burger Bar!I came here with some co-workers before Christmas Break. There was a group of about 10 of us, so we called ahead and they sat us in the heated porch area, which is nicer than it sounds.Our waiter was blunt and, therefore, hilarious. One of my co-workers ordered the Southwest Burger without the chorizo, cheese, or pickled carrots, and our waiter just gave her a blank stare and said "so you just ruined that burger but I'm not one to judge. Oh wait, I am." Server 1, co-worker 0.I was a fan of the burgers. I ended up going with the Blue Apple burger and an order of salt and pepper fries. Some of my nit picky co-workers complained afterwards that they had upset stomachs due to the burgers and fries being cooked in lard, but that just makes me think I shouldn't be dining with them anymore. I thought the burgers were great.I will be returning to Mercury Burger Bar in the near future.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,4/30/2013,49,753,4,14,9>First of all the 5 stars is based 100% on the freshness & flavor of the food,  if your looking  for  an elegant dining room, with carpet, drapes & crystal lighting , this is not your place.As it has 3 or 4 tables & about 13 metal Samsonite folding chairs & telemundo on the flat screen in Mexican language.If?However you want a fabulous 'street taco' and or tamale, then walk right in , sit right down.Several here have raved about it, but lately Joe B..has encouraged me to go, I tried to go in 2011, but they were not open  that early in the morning.So today  I planned  this visit after planet fitness.Walked in HOLA!  to the mom /daughter behind the register, scanned the menu &  this young man popped up from his meal & asked if I was ready?Sure, 1 pollo taco ,1 alpastor, a pork tamale & a chicken & cheese quesadilla for the bride when she gets home.Total $10.07The Tamale was without question the most flavorful & large one I have every eaten for $1.50The Street Tacos, without a doubt reminded me of Jaques Taco Truck, but for only $1.75 each.Her Quesadilla  looks  very good & jam packed.I will refrain from using the word 'Authentic' as I wouldn't know it , BUT I know this was a flavorful meal served by friendly folk.As mentioned by others, it is in the back of a Mexican Grocery store, which if your looking for that salsa or that verde or real chips & breads, they have got it.Joe B. ty for the genuine lead.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/29/2013,398,356,3,8,3>Red Smoke has long been my favorite place to eat when I'm in Greektown and for good reason. The establishment itself has a great look and vibe about it. I love taking people here, it is often my first suggestion.Slightly comparable to Slows, it's menu has a ton of combinations for any kind of BBQ craving you might have. Every meat comes out succulent and cooked to perfection and each side is a great choice (I always want them all!).You can't go wrong with any choice you make, but my personal favorite is the Applewood Smoked Chicken with their delicious greens. As far as portions are concerned (I know it was mentioned specifically in past reviews) I can say that the amount I went home with last night as leftovers were enough for three people to snack on later that night after the concert we all went to. They gave me what seemed like half a chicken. No one I was with finished their meal-and my brother is a garbage disposal. And, a big plus, they gave me enough to-go sauce cups to be able to take home a bit of each one of their delicious sauces. Red Smoke is batting all aces with me, they have it all covered.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2013,4/27/2013,63,73,4,8,5>When you grade Cliff Bell's, it's only fair to grade the entire experience.  For food alone, it'd grade a 3.5 or 4 stars, but the surroundings and entertainment deliver something unique in the city.The centerpiece is the venue itself.  It's worth coming just to look at the place.  The beautiful rich wood ceilings, which curve simply but grandly over the bar and restaurant sections, are the highlights, but even the bench upholstery has interesting and luxurious details.  The bar itself, which wraps around in a full square, has small tables attached at various points that allow couples to sit more intimately and to turn and watch the music comfortably.  The area around the stage is also very nicely appointed.  Overall, it's that classic, intimate, candle-on-the-small-table atmosphere that's perfect for dates or small groups.The food seems to harken back to the old supper club days.  Times when there wasn't a ton of complexity or craft to making stuff taste good - there were just high end ingredients, solid cooking technique, and tons and tons of butter.  Everything is very rich...and buttery...but satisfying on cold winter nights.  And appropriate for the dark, old-school surroundings at any time of year. In terms of specifics, our sweetbread appetizer was expertly trimmed (a tougher assignment than it should be for many restaurants) and the uncrusted morsels had the perfect creamy texture.  The sauce, as with everything else, was nicely rich with butter (but not overly so), and there was plenty of it all.  For the entree course, my dining partner's filet with creamy mashed potatoes and wild mushrooms was fantastic.  There were some missteps, like the calimari, which were underseasoned and not-quite-crispy enough, or the chicken in my entree, which was a little dry and overcooked (though the gnocchi that came with it were pillowy and delicious).This isn't wildly inventive stuff, but it'll hit the spot if you're not afraid to take in a few calories.  Frankly, given a few of the mixed reviews I'd heard, I was pleasantly surprised.  One of the limiting factors of the place has always seemed to be the insistence that you eat there in order to book a table, but from my experience that's not such a limiting factor after all.I'll keep my commentary of the music relatively short, since I'm hardly an expert, but our Thursday night accompaniment was competent (if not spectacular) and an appropriate tone for Valentine's Day.  I've heard of some great artists playing on Saturday nights.  Overall, probably not on the level of, say, The Green Mill in Chicago, but I'd take the relaxed and refined atmosphere at Cliff Bell's over the raucous crowds at the former any day.Everyone who lives in the Metro area should visit here at some point.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,4/26/2013,44,150,4,14,7>I had the misfortune of ending up here after a bout of pancreatitis just before Thanksgiving.  Despite the misery of having to be in a hospital, I really have to give kudos to Beaumont for making such a painful experience as tolerable as it can be.With one stark exception, the doctors were great, and the nurses and aides even better.  The staff worked together quickly and efficiently to provide great care in an amazingly timely manner.  The food was...well, it wasn't the WORST hospital food, and it is brought up at warp speed (seriously!) but ask a family member to smuggle you in a salt shaker.  Since I don't currently have health insurance, I kept begging the doctors to discharge me ASAP since the thoughts of the thousands of dollars in medical bills was making me feel sicker.  The doctors were incredibly sympathetic and actually managed to wrangle things to keep my costs down, and when I received the bill, I was extremely thankful to see that they do offer both an uninsured patient discount for inpatient stays AND payment plans.  I'll be able to pay my bill instead of staring at the bill and weeping!  Yay!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,4/25/2013,22,68,5,12,9>So since my first review Clubhouse BFD has become my go to bar. I don't really see any reason to go elsewhere.Time to wax poetic.I've sampled a vast majority of the menu and have absolutely nothing negative to say. The new addition of a hummus platter has become a staple in my diet.I have gotten to know a good chunk of their staff over the past few months. Apparently, they have not had a single turnover since opening. Jay and Brad are awesome. you may know them as your BDOD's. Both have a great attitude and know their shit. Jay knows what styles of beer I enjoy and lets me know when he is going to put some super awesome beer on tap. All the bartenders are great. Funny and full of good mixes off the taps. We always have the same server when we go here. Connor also knows his shit and helps with my indecisiveness on what to drink. He always has a good comeback for my not-so-lighthearted ribbing. That is, when he isn't watching tv on the hutch.40 taps with 10 more coming soon, 100+ bottles, awesome food, and a stellar staff make this my favorite place to eat and drink. Thank you to everyone who makes this place possible. I can't wait for the birthday party!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,4/24/2013,51,570,1,12,6>The Detroit Opera House is a gem in the city. Built in 1922, it has the exotic charm of a silent movie set. Ceilings are low and the space is sweeping but still intimate. A lot of love has been lavished on the building, but they can always use more. David DiChiera has worked wonders with the Board to keep the Opera House a vital and lovely addition to the cultural life of the city.We have seen operas and "The Nutcracker" here, and yesterday we saw "Shen Yun", thanks to the generosity of a good friend. And even if the seats are small, our entire party, of varying shapes and sizes, were comfortable, including the person with a knee injury.There is a parking structure right across the street with $10 parking, so don't worry that you will have to crawl around looking for parking.The area is part of the revitalization of the downtown and is not to be missed!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2013,4/23/2013,196,355,2,10,4>I am not sure why some have deemed this restaurant 'stuffy'.  Does 'stuffy' mean well executed?  Does 'stuffy' mean upscale?   If it doesn't mean either of these things, then Garage Grille & Fuel Bar is not 'stuffy'.Hubby and I loved the interior, especially the window sill cum bar shelves and the mural showing downtown Northville fading into downtown Detroit.And we both enjoyed our meals tremendously.  Hubby started with the French onion soup, which was cheesy and oniony and delicious, and followed through with the Sicilian pizza, which was easily enough for two, and of which he brought more than half home.I went for the Firebird shrimp, which was just the right combination of spicy and tangy, and accompanied it with the Brussels sprouts, all carmelly roasted and to-die-for!  We both ordered from the special drinks menu, which features concoctions such as "motor oil".  Yum!  The restaurant is now open for lunch - can't wait to check it out.  We love this place.  Unique atmosphere + good food + great service + good prices = We'll be back.
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,4/22/2013,131,297,4,6,3>I am not even going to get into the whole debate about Lafayette vs. American. I'm not a big coney fan. I will indulge once in awhile. After the Yelp Event at Skybar, my friend & I stopped in here for a bite. I can't remember the guy's name who waited on us, but he was a trip! He was chirping the whole time we were there. This guy has talent! It is definitely a great way to engage with customers. He did a few little tricks at our table as well. I feel like we were 12. Maybe it was the cocktails. We were very entertained! The food came out fast, and disappeared just as quickly. I have only had a coney a few times in my life, so I really don't have a comparison. It hit the spot though. The bathroom is hilarious. I'm sure it's been mentioned many times already. If you're tall, you better duck. I'm a shortie, and I almost hit my head on the way back up the stairs.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,4/21/2013,148,349,8,13,6>Before I moved to MI, my friends and I would go go-karting on the regular. After taking my husband to one of my favorite tracks on one of our recent trips back home, he broke the news we have a similar track close to home. Halleluja, yo!I have to admit that when you are used to a fast and smooth kart such as the ones at kart 2 kart, the standard go kart experience typically found is slightly underwhelming.Upon arrival you pick your nickname and register yourself. This is because the system will electronically keep track of your heattimes (and thus determine a winner). After the race, these records will be printed. If you placed high, this will provide great bragging rights (with proof!). If not... Well, you may want to dispose of the evidence...They provide you with a sexy hair-condom and helmet to protect your noggin. These puppies go fast, so safety first!Did I mention they go fast? That is the best part of this place. It satisfies my need for speed, and gives my led foot a nice outlet without risk of getting ticketed. I did not know that they even served alcohol here, but I appreciate the info from my fellow Yelpers. Trust me, I will put this information to good use..!The only downside is that this sport as a whole is slightly expensive. But that could just be my cheap DNA. Either way, there is tons of fun to be had, here!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,4/20/2013,107,357,5,11,7>This place is AWESOME. They have a huge selection of beers from around the world, as well as an impressive collection of liquor behind the counter.The employees we've encountered on our visits have been incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. My husband loves their single-bottle collection, which allows him to create his own 6-pack. It's a cool way to try different beers on your own terms. Each bottle is priced individually from $1.39 to $3.49, depending on availability and how strong the sauce is. Merchant's has your back if you don't want to drop $14 on a rare 6-pack.My husband is a kid in a candy store when we come here, so if it makes him happy, I'm happy.If beer's your thing, you've got to stop at Merchant's and peruse their selection.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,4/17/2013,69,416,4,7,7>I love this place.  I have been going here since it opened and went to the original location on Halstead before that.  I lived near New Haven and have become a fan of New Haven style pizza, so when a Michigan chef decided to go underground in New Haven and learn his craft from the masters, once I knew about Tomatoes, I was one of the first on line.  The lunch buffet is particularly great and a way to try all kinds of pies that you might not experience otherwise.New Haven style pizza Pizza, or aPizza as is called, is very thin crusted, hand formed and has a delicate crust that differentiates it from say New York style or any other kind of pizza.  While this style is in vogue now, when Tomatoes decided to dedicate itself to this kind of Pizza, it was a unique offering.  And Tomatoes has won awards nationally for it's excellent product.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,4/16/2013,47,59,11,5,8>This wasn't my first time to the rodeo, so to speak.  Having lived in both Manhattan and St. Petersburg (Russia, not Florida) I know a thing or two about the going to the symphony.  The orchestra itself delivered a solid performance.  Their execution was very good, and Leonard Slatkin is a joy to watch as a conductor.  There aren't that many conductors that are actually worth watching, but Slatkin is a member of a very, very small crew that is.  And, the facilities are outstanding.  They're elegant without being ostentatious, and large enough without being impersonal or cavernous.  Very Goldilocks: just right.  The one drawback, I have to say, was the audience.  First off, is there an epidemic of tuberculosis raging through metropolitan Detroit of which I'm not aware?  Honest to God, throughout the entire performance, it sounded as if a TB sanitarium had bussed in all of their consumptive patients for an evening of culture in Motown.  A note to the wise: If you're sick, and coughing up a lung, stay home for Chrissakes.  You can exchange your tickets so that you're not punctuating the performance with a staccato production of phlegmatic hacking.I also have to question the concessionaire's decision to sell potato chips.  What is probably the noisiest snack food imaginable in the loudest packaging ever, and it's being sold at the symphony?  Sell stringcheese, or Tootsie rolls, or anything, really, that Detroiters will enjoy consuming, that doesn't make noise.  Onto my last gripe.  While this offending group constituted a distinct minority, it was still a very noticeable one: the chatters.  People, we're at the symphony.  For two hours a week, you can go without saying whatever profound and weighty things it is that spew forth from your pie hole.  The philistine in front of me (who happened to be dressed like a total prostitute) actually had the nerve to glare back at me when I shushed her like a pissy old school marm, and had the gall to continue chatting to her john.  Had she tried that behavior in either St. Petersburg or New York, she would have had her throat slit by a classical music fanatic.  While each of the above offenses, in and of themselves, were relatively minor, the combined overall effect was significant, and marred what had been an otherwise good performance.  This, however, seemed to have no effect on the audience as a whole, as they felt compelled to give standing ovations at the end of each piece, which I felt was a bit overboard.  However, when I told a friend about this, he told me that standing ovations at any sort of highbrow cultural event in Detroit are par for the course.  And while that's fine, I'm going to keep my seat unless it's a truly worthy of a standing ovation.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,4/15/2013,137,360,3,8,5>Talk about a diamond in the rough. Mind Brian S.'s review in noting that the taco truck is pushed back in a giant fenced-off parking lot. Also, this is a great truck to hit up during the winter as yes, there is in fact indoor seating. If you go inside the clandestine door of the building, you will walk into a restaurant-like space replete with booths, beverage refrigerador, horchata, salsas, and even bathrooms.Order your food at the truck - if it's "for here," you pay after you're done eating. They will bring it inside for you. The tacos are ROBUST! Packed fat and full of delicious meat. Also served with a side of tasty grilled onions and grilled jalepeno (watch out for the seeds! They are frickin' spicy). Apparently on the weekend they also have ceviche tostadas and something with shrimp. But my immune system has been on the fritz lately so I wanted to limit my mystery raw seafood intake.Total Average Taco Score: 8.25 (low 7 high 9)type: taco truck with auxiliary indoor eating spaceprice: ? Sorry, I was taken here and fed without having to ante up! I's one lucky lady.7 - atmosphere: The truck is in a parking lot and the restaurant area has definite wear and tear. You don't come here for atmosphere.8 - SALSAS. Definitely grab the orange/brown one. Red and green also good though not mind blowing. Red or orange were the hottest but still light on the palate.9 - carne asada (steak): my favorite of the bunch. flavorful. lean. moist without being oily.8.5 - pollo (chicken): mmmm. moist. white meat. with a good flavor (not sure where it comes from as there is no sauce or grill or marinade visible on the meat).8- chorizo: woo lawdy! salty like nobody's business! But tasty with a slight spice kick. Ground up.7.5 - al pastor (pork): doused in flavor but also oil. bits were fatty and chewy (I'm a picky meat eater - my poor grandmother has an American for a grandchild, much to her dismay). Strong flavor but not as multi-layered as some marinated pastor can be.---------------Notes for list:- I go in blind - no reviews no nothin' - just me and my own palate - parading down the Vernor Hwy strip (and some offshoots)- ranked out of 10: 10 being the best street tacos from Mexico (in small towns and big cities)- short and to the point: sorry, no fancy artful writing - a girl's gotta plow through these puppies!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,4/14/2013,45,114,6,5,5>This place is an institution... one I never experienced when I was actually living in Ann Arbor. It took 10 plus years of being removed from the city to actually stop in here. Part of me wishes I had braved the long lines (which are ever-present) when I was a student, and part of me is glad I didn't. I would have *lived* here if I had known better.The burgers are very tasty with virtually endless options for combinations... some of them on the fancier side, for such a "dive" restaurant. I mean that in the best way possible. The place has pumpernickel buns, for God's sake. Be mindful of the ordering process, for which there are directions posted by the menu... Study while you wait in line, which can take quite a while. By the way, waiting in line and ordering can be a little on the stressful side (because things can get a little cramped), especially if you have a young child in tow... unless they have experienced the juicy, greasy, cheesy amazingness that is a Blimpy Burger. After my skinny (seriously skinny) four-year-old devoured her double with cheese and a full basket of fries during her first visit... she belched out a "That was so good, daddy..." And I knew I had either made her even more awesome - or ruined her for life. Now when it's just the two of us, she often asks to make the 30+ minute drive. Who am I to say no?
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2013,4/13/2013,16,33,2,9,8>WHat?? DT51? So that's what's been going on over there...Happy to see that Bo's Smokehouse has gotten a face-lift. Or is it a transplant? I used to frequent the place while it was under the old management/ownership. While I was happy it was so close to home and that the staff was so friendly, I was also pining for more variety from the menu, a different overall aesthetic...Wish granted. Visited Downtown 51 for the first time last night and saw that the interior has softened into a classy little animal. The menu offerings have improved, and the staff? Still the familiar friendly faces we've missed while they were closed.I ordered the Pontiac Cold Plate (tuna salad, chicken salad, and tomato wedges served over lettuce with pita bread) and my husband ordered the Mac N Cheese, adding bacon that they smoke in-house. We had a couple delicious draft beers served up in large mason jars (love), and then we stayed maybe longer than we should have (I think they close around 8pm weeknights, 11 on weekends... still closed Sun.) It was cozy, comfortable and conducive to date-night conversation.I'm determined to get the Chicken and Waffles next time--it's something a funky little bar/cafe in my hometown used to serve... come to think of it they did mason jar beer glasses, too... but this option at DT51 (which I like saying aloud, while spinning) looks absolutely divine.We visited during their soft open--the grand opening is in two weeks. Though we were told they're still working out kinks in the menu, typos and the like, we didn't see anything crazy. Except new fun in old downtown Pontiac.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,4/12/2013,131,109,3,9,6>I have finally gotten around to reviewing the delicious food!  We stopped in on a Friday night while the restaurant was still open and were astounded by the quality and execution of the food.  The three soups we ordered were served piping hot and were very fresh.  The tomato dumpling soup was very rich and delicious, as was the dill pickle soup.  I believe I tasted a bit of celery in the dill pickle, which was a nice, homey touch.  After the soup course came the entrees: two Polish plates and an order of meat pierogi with onions and bacon.  The Polish plate was very high quality; it had excellent kielbasa, a delicious potato pierogi, mashed potatoes, stuffed cabbage, etc.  The food truly tasted like my grandmother made it.  It is so obvious that these dishes are prepared with the same care as in the finest Polish-American home.  Now, on to the reason I would give this restaurant more than five stars if I could: the meat pierogi with onions and bacon.  They were so fresh, crispy, hot and tasty that I could not resist sneaking bites off my daughter's plate.  If Polish-American cuisine had invented the slider (burger), this would be it, in the most savory way.  Don't let the neighborhood phase you...and if you want, you can watch your car through the CCTV, but I live around the corner and it's not as scary as some reviews would lead you to believe.  Give this place a try...it is well worth it and reasonably priced.  Smacznego!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,4/11/2013,50,72,,8,3>I saw their "Grand Opening" sign from 9 Mile as I was driving home from work the last week and made a note to check it out.  As of today, they have been open 2 weeks... unfortunately no menu online yet -but thankfully they were already listed on Yelp so I could call for particulars.  Drive right on over and placed an order.I thought this would be a Thai/Sushi place, but the only "real" Thai dish on the menu is Padh Thai - 1/2 the menu is Chinese and the other half sushi.  Truth be told is their sign says Sushi and Asian food -- the Thai was something purely in my own mind.We ordered the Padh Thai tofu,  2nspicy tuna rolls, a salmon roll, a  Yellowtail/green onion roll, a red roll (red pepper, salmon, spicy tuna rolled in rice, covered with smelt roe), 2 seaweed salads and a smelt roe nigiri.The rolls were GREAT,  the Padh Thai was really spicy, and had minimal peanut sauce (but the noodles were really good), but we would order them again - and the salad was as good as any other place I have been.  All this for $40 -This is all take out - no place to eat in.  It is exceptionally clean, the service great (and friendly and a little embarrassed that the menu wasn't online yet), and quick.This is another place I would like to see succeed - it is close for us to get a quick take out sushi and not overly expensive.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,4/10/2013,125,326,,6,5>So this upgrade/renovation was a great idea - The museum has a little bit for everyone.  For those who may be worried - have no fear, the streets of Old Detroit exhibit in the basement is still alive and well as are the Glancy trains.  But for those who haven't been in a while (or at all) - you should make a trip.  The upgrades have made the museum more interactive and tech-friendly.  There were also a couple of new exhibits on the upper floors that had a decidedly more "historic" feel than some of the new exhibits on the main floor.All around- an important part of the community and more than worth your visits and support.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/9/2013,37,119,5,8,7>Debbie Z and I went with our sisters for a girl's night out at Richter's Chalet, which is located at Michigan Ave and Telegraph in Dearborn (Near the NE corner). For an appetizer we had the saurkraut bites. They were like eating hush pubbies stuffed with saurkraut. AWESOME! I will never go back to Richter's Chalet and not order the saurkraut bites. Debbie and I enjoyed a glass of Cabernet with our meals. I have to insist that if you have a salad make sure you try the house salad dressing. It was too awesome to describe, but I remember dill and chives in the description. Denise was our server and she was outstanding. We ordered a couple of desserts to share and opted on the dark forest chocolate cake with a cherry filling between the layers and a piece of carrot cake. I liked the carrot cake the best. The first time we ate here the chocolate eclair was our choice. Out of the three, I preferred the eclair because the chocolate topping was amazing. The speciality of the restaurant is the Beef Wellington which is a favorite of many. Next time I go, I'm getting the beef wellington. I love the saurkraut, the red sweet and sour cabbage, and the german potatoes. All outstanding sides. We had a great time and I can't wait to go back again.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,4/8/2013,60,86,,8,3>Came here for a six-person dinner on a Saturday evening, and overall, pleased with the restaurant.  A couple of things before I start in on the food:- It's crowded.  Ludicrously crowded.  A good thing, I guess, but we waited almost an hour for a table at 7pm.  They don't take reservations.  - As a result of being crowded, it's quite loud.  Not a good place to take kids.  - Service is prompt.  Overall very good balance between getting you what you need and leaving you alone to enjoy your meal.- There is a rooftop area, but we didn't go there.  Too cold.A review of Yelp reviews and a quick examination of the menu led us to order appetizers as small plates, which was a very good decision, as we shared:1) Fried brussel sprouts - shredded, they were oily and salty, but edible.  I would have much preferred that they were kept whole or halved.  Definitely not as good as the sprouts at Roast.  Very generous heap of food.2) Macaroni and cheese - large elbow pasta and exceedingly cheesy.  No additions like jalapenos (ala Pollo Chapin) or crusty top (ala Redcoat Tavern), the mac and cheese here is nevertheless warm and very comforting.  A major hit at our table.  The portion is pretty small to share -- feeds 2-3 hungry people.  3) Chicken and waffles - amazing.  My personal favorite dish.  Crunchy, salty fried chicken with lots of sweet syrup on a fluffy waffle.  Everything CnW should be.  I could have eaten this all day, and then the next day, without any complaints.  Comes as a half waffle with two pieces of chicken, so portion appropriately.4) Broccolini in chili oil - also excellent.  A very flavorful side dish and I highly recommend it.  It isn't a lot of vegetable though -- feeds 1-2 hungry people, and I was craving more.  5) Rosemary fries - a miss.  Far too salty, too much rosemary, and enormous portions.  Not even good for drunk/hangover food.  6) Scallops - fantastic!  Two large sea scallops, perfectly seared, in a butter-cream sauce.  Would definitely get this one again too.All of these dishes were about $10-15 each, and between the six of us, and a bottle of wine, we paid about $25 per person.  Definitely not bad for Birmingham, and in line with what I would probably pay for happy hour somewhere.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,4/7/2013,44,116,6,9,9>I hesitate to write this review based on the New Year's Eve service.  It was a fixed price menu for NYE, and I was a little worried about it, but we had a chance to sample many dishes on their menu.  We all know that family-style holiday service doesn't often reflect the service and quality on a regular night, but I was so satisfied with our experience that I had to post a review.  The six of us were sat immediately at a lovely round (but small) table in the center of the room and were greeted with delicious Green sparkling wine (seriously, seriously good).  At the beginning things were moving nicely, but by the end of the night (Three. Hours. Later.) service was a little slow for us, and in fact took so long that we had to change plans for our after-dinner location.I can't believe the amount of food for $50 (!!!), which included a glass of the great sparkling wine.  We were able to try everything below, and I listed things from my favorite to my least favorite.Appetizers:  Crostini with ricotta and olives and capers, Fried Green Tomatoes, and Beef Brisket Sliders.  The crostini was excellent with a generous portion of ricotta.  FGTs were pretty good, too, but the pepper jelly wasn't too spicy and the tomatoes themselves were pretty thin.  I didn't get the buzz about the sliders with the homemade cheez whiz -- a little bland for my taste, too much bread.Salad course -- probably the most boring but still good:  Wedge salad with tasty thousand isle dressing and generous chunks of bacon and blue cheese; Emily's salad with excellent ricotta salata, cherries, and fried shallots, but a vinaigrette that was so over-blended it had the consistency of mousse; and corn muffins, which were room temp and pretty blah.Entrees -- now we're talking:  Sauteed walleye with delightful but a little too buttery sweet potato mash; bistro steak, a little over-cooked for my liking, with some sauce that didn't add much but good wild rice; chicken fried chicken, pretty standard but tender, with arugula and tomatoes; and eggplant rollatini, the token vegetarian option and boring.Sides -- the Most. Delicious. Broccoli. Ever., roasted with garlic and olive oil; and macaroni and cheese, which at this point I skipped, because did you see how much food we had above?Dessert -- all three outstanding:  Warm brownie sundae with vanilla ice cream and salted caramel; banana pudding with marshmallow and vanilla wafers; and a generous bowl of berries which surely would have cost me $10 if I went out to Hollywood to make this myself.Wine/Cocktails -- not included with our fixed price.  We shared a bottle of the Felino Malbec which was, indeed, woodsy, too much for my taste.  Cocktails were pretty boozy and, from what I could tell from my party, delicious.Food portions and price: 5 stars.  Food quality, minus 1/2 star.  Slow service by the end, minus 1/2 star.  I'm looking forward to going back!
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,4/6/2013,190,319,6,16,13>Go Comedy has been funny each time we've went or the audience has added humor to the evening (amazing how vocal people get when the drink). I love All Star Showdown because you get to win prizes (free passes, etc.) and it's interactive. You fill out cards when you arrive and they pick people to play for. It's funny because audience members put down crazy answers. The lineup changes monthly and they offer pay what you can on Sundays. Even penny pinching folks like myself can get a laugh. There isn't food, but Ferndale has so many restaurants that you can eat before/after the show. They do have a full bar for libations. The current great part is they offer sliders (from a local spot) and Treat Dream ice cream on Sundays (as of right now)! Go early if you want a spot in the parking lot or expect to pay for metered parking across the street.This month: comedy on Thursday where you get  a discount with your library card. So for all those who say reading is dead: ha! It pays to to have a library card:-)
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,4/5/2013,169,227,7,5,5>Being a fish eating vegetarian, I'm not the one to go to for Deli advice.  Yeah.. the corned beef is... there?  The shaved ham is... strangely erotic sounding? We went in on a Saturday after seeing their booth at a health expo for the Detroit International Marathon.  It's not that we were planning to go there, but it was on the way to Whole Foods... we pulled a total of three U-Turns to get to the right location.    We went in and found the place virtually deserted -- I think there were some big games that day, so everyone was out enjoying football.First thing I noticed is that the menu is *gigantic*.  It's several pages, and is one of the most varied deli menus I've ever seen.  The wife and I decided on vegetable sandwiches of different sort (there are 10 or 15 of them) and asked the server (who was amazing) how the tuna salad was since the menu said it was world famous.  The menu describes their tuna salad as "tuna tabbouleh" -- the server said it's non-fat mayo, tuna, tabbouleh, and capers (if I remember correctly) -- We're both extremely anti tuna salad that is full of mayo.  The server offered to bring a taste of it to us!  Moments later, we get a little cup full of this amazing tuna tabbouleh wonderness.  It was jam packed with flavor, had a great texture, and was easily the best tuna salad I'd ever eaten.  We quickly switched our order to #90, the Mona's Magic.  Our server said it was large enough to split with some fries, so we did exactly that.  The sandwich was out of this world.  The fries were perfectly crispy and piping hot.  The food was out-of-this-world.The service was also so incredibly friendly.  We were her only table, but she was chatty and friendly without being overbearing.  Plus, any server who gives advice not to order more food just to jack up your bill is A+ in my book.A tuna sandwich, fries, and two waters came to roughly $10.  I think I tipped 50% or so since the service was so great.TLDR:  That's your picky pescetarian's take on what he thinks is the best Deli in the area.  Drop me a note and let me know how the, uh, shaved ham is.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,4/4/2013,148,80,5,10,6>Your friendly Detroit German pop-up! Once holding monthly pop-up dinners at Supino, Schnack's most recent suppers are quarterly now at various locations throughout the D. Fare is German inspired, and December's "holiday" menu was painted on the wall and featured traditional brats and exceptional sauerkraut, soup, roasted trout, as well as delicious pretzels to go with the mason jars of fresh mustard on every table.  A small but interesting selection of German beers and wines were offered, and seating is communal so you can mingle with hipsters, Detroit natives, and suburban pilgrims alike. Schnack post their events on Facebook so fans can find out details of their upcoming events - I hope they get enough traction to open up a permanent restaurant soon!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,4/3/2013,169,178,5,8,6>The Nancy Whiskey is clearly a neighborhood dive bar and is being reviewed as such. This is a pretty small place that culturally lends more towards sitting rather than standing around, though people do. The crowd is a good mix, but almost all older white folks or neighborhood regulars. I brought a party bus of Ann Arbor folks here with some fear they would not like it, but everyone had a great time dancing to the live music and drinking. Speaking of drinks... they aren't dive bar cheap so don't expect that. You are kind of paying for the entertainment and everything else I guess. The bathrooms are good too.The food looks pretty good even though I have not tasted it yet. They do have a legit kitchen though and you can see the cook peeping out when he isn't making your food. If you drink too much you can saunter on down the street to Hostel Detroit for a cheap bed.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,4/2/2013,77,274,2,13,11>At my place of employment, we've been working on a new campaign where we contemplate what Detroit might be like in 2030. Upon review, let's hope this future includes more Vinsetta Garages.To an extent, the Vinsetta Garage is a theme restaurant, and that theme is evolution. The menu pretty much reflects what would happen if a Coney went to Oxford as a Rhodes Scholar. You'll see the dishes that have defined Detroit cuisine for years served up in new ways. The coney dog gets chopped up and put on a pizza with a wood-fired crust. The gyro becomes a perfectly cooked burger, with all the components on the bun with it. The chili cheese fries take on a poutine-twist, The usual choice of Labatt's or Miller has been replaced by an assortment of microbrews with an emphasis on Michigan ones.In short, this is an imaginative take on Detroit cooking, and is the reason for that long and winding line out the front.What sets it apart is the attention to details in the cooking. The onion rings may well be the best onion rings on the planet, as you can taste the bitterness of the beer batter counterbalancing the sweetness of the onion. The aforementioned lamb burger was cooked to perfection, with the meat being juicy and flavorful despite being well-done. The key lime pie tastes as if it were made from actual key limes and not much more. The Vinsetta Garage could very well be the future of Detroit cuisine. If you get the chance to eat here, enjoy it.
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,4/1/2013,438,102,3,7,4>Went by a recommendation of a regular guest of mine and surprisingly I was a little surprised by the attention this place received.  They were very accommodating in making a reservation for 12 people with a week notice and Mel was the one the  person in contact and she was very helpful in assisting with this reservation.  As we arrived we had a Chef's style table towards the back of the restaurant which was perfect, like we had our own little private area, away from the regular guests. The food and drinks were amazing and the bread is too die for. (wish I got the recipe). However, it needs major updating, it's so outdated. The location of the restaurant is in the primest area and the food/drinks are superb but the "old grandma look" has to go. I would so recommend this business but I can do to it looking like an overpriced diner. The service was outstanding, but they should change their uniforms to something classier, once they update the place.There are many regulars that wander the streets of Ann Arbor and this place has potential but without a face lift, people will want something newer and happening.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,3/31/2013,151,367,4,7,6>Finding the right pair of jeans is on par with finding the perfect guy. You know...you have to find the one that looks the best, feels the best and, of course, compliments your ass the best.  When you have the right guy and right jeans, all is good in the world.  Sadly, I personally always have problems finding the right pair of jeans.Now, I've tried all the stores in the mall.  Levi's and I split up because they discontinued my favorite cut.  Lucky Brand and I are on a break.  I have even tried Target, but with little success.  I reluctantly decided to try Caruso Caruso.  I knew their selection is amazing, but the prices tend to be prohibitive.  But thankfully, they have some hella amazing sales.  Be warned though, the styles here are more for your teenaged and college aged cousin than for the late 20s, early 30s girls that still want amazing jeans that make your ass look good.  I did have to some searching to find a pair that looked good and didn't make me look like I was having a high school fashion flashback.  I think I totally lucked out.  Both my husband and I got a pair of jeans and I picked out some Toms shoes for less than $150 during their sale....not too shabby!  As for the staff, I know there are some mixed reviews.  It was only most recent visit did I feel like a valued customer.  The girl that helped me out was kind and patient and pretty knowledgeable.  However, that was the only time I have run into service like that here.  Prior to this, I would run into no service whatsoever...it seems like the girls won't really help or acknowledge you until you look like you are serious about shopping.So there we go. Lesson learned.  Forget the mall and Macy's.  Come here for the jeans, especially when you are serious about finding the right pair.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,3/30/2013,151,104,,8,5>I went here for lunch today. Here's the scoop:The good: The food was great. Everything is homemade (including soups, dressings, desserts, etc) and it shows. I had a bowl of corn chowder with bacon, a pastrami reuben, and homemade fries. Everything was delicious. They kept the coffee coming too, which is always nice. They brought over a sampler of the other two soups for us to try (chicken noodle and chili); both were very good, but the chili was outstanding! I might have to go back for the chili sometime. The sandwiches included a side of homemade potato chips, which were very good. The service was very, very good too!The bad: It was a little pricey; lunch for 3 was $37 - but that's because my dining companions insisted on ordering onion rings, which weren't included with the combo meal. Most of the entrees were between $6-$10, which is on par with most restaurants in the area. Also, they close at 4; not bad, necessarily, unless I wanted dinner from there. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,3/29/2013,794,350,12,10,9>Do you like breasts? Beautiful white breasts.Of course I'm talking about chicken. When my co-worker told me that Thomas's has broasted chicken I thought we'd give this place a try. He was telling me how good it is because he'd been here many times himself. They have a couple nice broasted chicken meal offers. I opted for the two breast meal of course. The chicken was hot, and real juicy and not greasy. The fries are real good. Hand made like my favorite coney place down the street. the price was a tad bit high but it generally is for all white breast meals.The restaurant is a real nice family restaurant. A little bit more "classy" for a family restaurant. Nice atmosphere. Oh and clean bathrooms.I like broasted chicken but haven't found a good place to get it. Two of the restaurants that I had frequented are now closed.This is another nice place for a lunch venture in Livonia.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/28/2013,53,73,3,4,4>Truly, as good as it gets. My husband and I were on a double date with a couple whom we often dine out with.  I think this was the best experience the 4 of us have had in a long time, if ever!The Ambiance. I really liked the dinning room. Lighting was perfect for a Saturday night. I dislike when nice places dim the lights so low you can't read the menu (ah-hem cliffbells ah-hem). The seats are comfortable and the tables are not too crowded together. Music was just the right volume. I like the vibe in here. Bathrooms are clean and tidy.The Service. The staff here is excellent. Every person we have encountered has been professional and very attentive. This is what gets the fifth star.The Drinks. I have only ever had Caipirinhas. I love them, and they are authentically made with hand-crushed ice and premium rum. Worth the $whatever it costs. I think I had my favorite, a Dos Equis Amber in a bottle here too, once. The Food. The four of us shared 6 Tapas plates. All were excellent. We ate, laughed, shared and enjoyed the whole hour. The food came out surprisingly fast, which at first I thought was a bad sign. I was wrong, everything was excellent and we were all very pleased. The highlight for me was the Chorizos con Setas a Jerez. The Chorizo is cured, reminded us of hard salami. Everything was excellent, and we ended with desserts, one of each. My favorite was the Tres Leches cake! OMG Sponge cake soaked in three kinds of milk?! I had never had this before and I think it is my favorite cake now. I have had many longing thoughts about it since.In Conclusion. Go here. Dinner was a pretty penny, but worth it! They do have a lunch menu that features great sandwiches for under $10. I had the Cubano once and it was awesome. Reservations are recommended on the weekends. I will be back soon to explore more of the menu!
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2012,3/27/2013,157,473,6,5,9>What happens when a tornado meets a volcano?  My Saturday night here, that's what!  I walked in several beers in and this place was on fire - the band was playing and everyone was singing and dancing along.  This is probably one of the most electric environments I have seen at a bar . . . EVAR.  To make things even better, they have Hacker Schorr on tap - easily my favorite German brewery (that I know of so far).  They also have pretty decent German food to fuel your revelry.  The crowd there is generally awesome, a far cry from the people I make fun of in Royal Oak and Midtown.  You can easily meet new friends to join in the merriment.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,3/26/2013,99,290,3,9,13>I love a good ol', down home dive bar with a friendly staff that makes you feel right at home and part of the family. That's exactly what Abick's is. Located in the midst of Southwest Detroit on a residential street corner, not too much signage and once you're inside, you kinda lose all track of time -- that's a good thing.My first time there was on a Southwest Detroit dive bar crawl with D:Hive, so when asked to return there with friends after a Detroit Fire Dept vs. Detroit Police Dept ice hockey game, I was glad to go. Home made chili with all the fixins, a really cool bartender who went out of his way to make a couple special orders, a dog to welcome us -- what more could we ask for?? File this under places I need to frequent more often!
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,3/25/2013,81,147,,10,4>One chilly winter day while getting some heartwarming Ramen from E-Mart, I was informed by the woman there that they were opening a sushi restaurant next door the following week.  New sushi joint close to my work, yes please!  I popped into Tomo the following  week before they were officially open (they told me that they were just practicing).  However, they were happy to serve me regardless and I was able to chat with the sushi chefs while they made my meal.  They have a full menu of standard sushi, which my husband and I appreciate because we tend not to go for the more Americanized sushi selections (give us Tuna sashimi and Octopus any day).  However they also have a large menu of unique rolls that can help anyone get into sushi.  Tomo is a cute location with quality sushi at a good price.  Worth a stop.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/24/2013,67,153,,19,3>So far so good with this place. They've been open for a few months and have been super receptive to finding out what customers are looking for. They already carry a variety of the kind of organic and local products you would see in a Whole Foods which is much needed since the closest spot for these types of products is either Ann Arbor or West Bloomfield. They carry many of my  favorites which include products from Calder Dairy, Equal Exchange and more.  The prices here are very reasonable, definitely less than what I'm used to for organic and natural products. You can tell they are just getting started as they find out the demand for certain products and are stocking up on the things people want. So I recommend stopping by to grab a few things, see what they have and ask what they will be carrying soon. I'm told their meat is from a local organic farm, grass fed and super high quality but still not too expensive. Super friendly staff that is more than willing to answer questions.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,3/23/2013,72,72,10,6,6>If I had the money, I would make my entire house look like Hugh.  "Classic Bachelor Pad Style"  is spot-on.  Everything in here reminds me of something the Dos Equis man would own.  There are all sorts of housewares and man accessories, but Hugh really shines in the glassware/drinkware department.I have a confession.  I have a glassware problem.  I keep buying sets of glassware, and think to myself "This will be perfect for when I entertain guests!"  However I never invite people over to my house, and I have no friends anyway.  Hugh has amazing cocktail sets, decanters, wine accessories, etc.  I find it very hard to control myself in here.  They also have a neat ice tray that makes spherical ice!  My imaginary friends will love the attention to detail that Hugh has afforded me at my imaginary cocktail parties.  Thank you Hugh!Hugh is located on Cass right across the street from Curl Up & Dye and Planned Parenthood.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2012,3/22/2013,200,255,4,6,5>Hill Auditorium is beautiful, has great acoustics, and a great variety of performances abound.  I've seen an orchestral version of William Blake's Songs of Innocence and of Experience, Wilco (with Blanche opening), and Caetano Veloso, among others.Can we be honest about how ridiculously uncomfortable the seats are, though?  At 5' 6", even I find the legroom severely lacking.  My knees are always wedged against the row in front of me at a tight, bruise-inducing angle.  Even the most uncomfortable flight I've ever been on (AirAsia, a budget Malaysian airline) was not this cramped and felt palatial compared to this (note: average height in Malaysia is 5' 4.8" for men, 5' 0.4" for women, vs. the United States: 5' 10.2" for men, 5' 4.6" for women).  If this review were purely based on legroom, it would get 1 star (Yelp doesn't allow 0 or negative stars...).
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,3/21/2013,49,344,8,13,13>This past Saturday I was blown away not only by the usual deliciousness of Wise Guys' hot dogs, but by their generosity.  About a month ago, with my boyfriend's birthday approaching, I reached out to Wise Guys and asked them if they'd be willing to make a special dog for him.  They were indeed willing, and we emailed back and forth brainstorming ideas for the dog, its name, and how the experience would go.  I could not get over their commitment to really creating something new and specialized.  And day of, it went very well--a poster, some stickers, and an absolutely delicious hot dog.I wanted to share this experience because I've come to understand that some of what makes a restaurant/company great is the product it offers, but some of the greatness also comes from HOW this product is offered.  Wise Guys doesn't just have great hot dogs, they also have love for their business, product, and customers.  It feels so good to patronize them knowing this.
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,3/20/2013,504,642,6,23,7>Doctor Duchan runs a no-frills practice in Royal Oak just down the road from the sweet factory at Pronto and Oakland Community College. You could drive by and miss the modest one storey building, unless searching for parking during one of the many festivals. But inside hides one of the nicest dentists I've met, and the sort of practice that brings in all members of the family. Doctor Duchan is a friendly, sweet-tempered man who comes out to shake your hand, to ask how you are doing, and to put you at ease. His attentiveness beats the brusque dentists who show up long enough to shove a drill in your mouth and mutter cryptic dental slang over the whir and squeal of machines. Never rushed in bearing and always ready to dispense a smile or helpful information, he personifies a style of dentistry that puts focus on the patient's needs. I imagine he's great with kids. I came for a check up and a periodic cleaning on my last visit, and expressed concerns about sweet/cold sensitivity in a filled molar. The x-rays and cleaning passed like a charm, all the while Doctor Duchan explaining some of the processes and options permitted by my insurance, possibilities for the tooth sensitivity, and a run down of good hygiene he'd like a young woman of my age to focus on. I had no idea, for instance, that I would be entitled to more frequent visits during pregnancy and post-labour. Not that I intend to be in the motherly way any time soon, but this is a useful tidbit probably buried in nine menus of legalese on my insurance provider's website. He's also a funny man, which sure helps when the drills come out. I'm nonplussed about dental work, but I sure like someone who can smile and tell good stories to help the time pass. He's got a light touch and his hygienist (whose name I cannot recall, but she was returning to school soon) was quick with the suction tube and a total sweetheart. What more can you ask for in a dentist? Best still, Doctor Duchan does much of his own paperwork and follow-up. He answers his own phones, leaves personal messages, and answers questions rather than letting an admin or hygienist field all the details when sometimes you need pertinent advice. Not that the staff isn't helpful -- they are an equally lovely bunch with the same down to earth, lovely Midwestern personalities I've come to appreciate so much. They help keep things running smoothly. He sent me off with a bag full of travel-sized toothpastes and was utterly apologetic for running out of floss, so I got several of those mini-flossers which are perfect to stash in a purse. My postcard reminding me to go for another checkup showed up a bit ago and when I had to miss an appointment due to an emergency work meeting, Doctor Duchan was totally understanding and great about letting me cancel without a penalty.Fine office, fabulous people. It may not be sleek and swanky with chrome and Apple-like white glass everywhere, but it doesn't need to be when you get quality health care at an affordable price, with a staff who knows what they are doing.Win!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,3/19/2013,376,267,8,12,9>It was a particularly special night. My husband and I were having our "Babymoon" (Like a Honeymoon but before the baby is born) so we made reservations and eagerly awaited trying the very much well renowned Joe Muer Seafood in the Ren Cen. THEN...we arrive and are told we must wait. So we go to the bar, being assured they'd come get us when our reserved table opened. Hm...not a good first impression. We waited at the bar for 45 minutes. And I stomp up to the hostess booth, furious and demand to know why we still have yet to have been seated. Funny, magically a table popped up opened just then! And to add insult to injury, there were giant clusters of tables that were empty on the way to being seated! I was fuming.Then...we sit down and the most wonderful server changed what started as a most terrible experience into a most wonderful and special one. She was very frank and honest and charming. We were comped our lobster bisque soup and shrimp cocktail apps and were given a personal apology from the manager. The lobster bisque was exquisite, as was the shrimp cocktail. The lobster bisque was creamy and full of flavor. It was luscious and velvety in consistency. Dreamy would be one word to explain this wonderful soup! The soup is poured into the bowl as it's served and then topped with fresh large lumps of lobster meat. A must try!The lobster was shelled at the table by our server. It was worth every penny! It really did a classic justice in every sense of the word. The coconut, pineapple and lemon cake is their signature and do NOT leave the place without getting it! I literally squealed with pleasure upon first bite. By then, I was so full from our amazing meal that I couldn't finish the whole enormous piece. The cake was just as good or better the next morning for breakfast. Please get this cake. Just trust me. It's heaven materialized in a fluffy slice of cake. I'd go back JUST for this cake. It is something so delicious that you will crave it later. I'm salivating just thinking about it...Again, our server was just top notch and she and the cake helped melt away any shred of anger or frustration from the reservation drama the night started out with. We both left the restaurant beaming with satisfaction and bellies full of delicious seafood and cake! I WILL be back. Thank you Joe Muer's for adding a much needed touch of class to the Detroit culinary landscape.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,3/18/2013,72,111,5,12,5>When my favorite smokehouse closed I was pretty upset. So upset I jumped on yelp.com and wrote a review memorializing the place.  As a result of that review, one kind yelper forwarded me on Markowycz's information and boy was I glad. Markowycz is the real deal. Smoking all the ham and kabossa fresh, nothing from Chicago, nothing from chemicals. It's just good old fashioned polish goods and if you are looking for something to bring home to your family that will be memorable, this is it.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2012,3/17/2013,56,84,1,12,4>The bf and I were craving steak one night, and our usual favorite places (i.e. Ruth's Chris) were of course crowded and we would have been unable to get a table.So I typed in "steak" in the Yelp search box, and Clawson Steakhouse was one of the first restaurants that popped up. After a quick glance at the glowing reviews, we decided to check it out.When we arrived at the restaurant, it was around 6ish...and there was no wait, even though there was already a decent crowd inside.You get decent bang for your buck at this restaurant. Your entree includes baked bread (soooo good and hot and fresh with butter!), your choice of soup...I had french onion, which I felt could have had more onions, but that's a minor point, and salad with your choice of dressing. I went with the house dressing which was a greek type vinaigrette that was very good.I ordered one of the chef's specials, which was a sirloin steak with portabello mushroom and zip sauce...words cannot describe how PERFECT this steak was. It was cooked exactly how I liked it. I seriously haven't had this great of a steak in a while! Ruth's Chris definitely has some competition. For the sides, I got the loaded baked potato which was also very good, and he got frieds. Between the two of us, the tab was about $50 something, so not too shabby for a nice date night out!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,3/16/2013,85,159,5,14,8>Naruto is a diamond in the rough!  My dad has been talking about this place since he noticed on his drive home and we finally had an opportunity to try it.  Not that this is indicative of quality - but the fact that most of the specialty rolls were half off made something great even better!Because I'm weird - their tables are AWESOME.  They're made of tree trunks and large "slabs" of finished wood... I don't know, I don't know that I've ever seen anything that visually creative.  The place, though small, is bright and welcoming.  Their sushi roll menu is pretty extensive, but I was kind of impressed when they provided a tri-fold pictorial menu of some of their specialty rolls.  The also have a full menu, but I didn't make it much past their awesome sushi menu.  Miso soup and ginger-dressed salad were both delicious, but far more delicious was our large dish of deliciousness delivered on a sushi ship.  We had the Dynamite, Mango tango, Crispy, and Naruto crunchy - all wonderful.  I was most surprised by the Mango tango roll!!  Honestly, it's nice to have a great sushi place close by... I usually have to head to Clinton Twp, Royal Oak, Troy or Ferndale for good sushi, it's nice to know I can get the same quality a mile from home.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,3/15/2013,409,83,3,7,4>The happy hour starts between 3:00 p.m. until 7:00 daily. There are 22 beers on tap for $3 and $4 on all wine glass pours. There is half-off a special appetizer menu. Each day of the week has a special to make you happy as well. The beer selection is outstanding and has many craft beers for drinking pleasure.The ambiance sucks you in and takes you away to a Public House in Ireland. This place is literally the most authentic or close to an Irish theme bar then any other place in Michigan. The Menu touches on American and Irish inspired dishes that most places don't bother to explore when they have an Irish theme restaurant. Although, some dishes defiantly need to be updated. Some prices are a little high for the simplistic comfort food that are found in public houses. The bartenders are not bad but have seem unmotivated and personality lacking. The bartenders should set the energy for the patrons that are having a few pints. The place is a great way to start the evening or if you're looking for some good pub food.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,3/14/2013,64,71,5,9,6>I was in the mood for a large cup of coffee.  I walked into the newly opened Roasting Plant knowing that I first needed to find the menu so that I could translate my need for a "large" into whatever they wanted to call it.  It was bewildering to say the least.  For some reason, this gourmet-level coffee shop decided to name their large coffees, get this now... "large".  Let that sink in for a moment.  It's ok.  Your brain will start normal functioning soon enough.Beyond that, the quality of the brew is divine.  The beans are sucked up on demand for a freshly ground and freshly brewed cup of coffee that, at this point, is unmatched outside of my own kitchen.  The experience is perhaps a little daunting at first as you start to realize that you are about to be given full reign over your choice of beans and the near infinite combination possibilities.  Once you're passed that, everything is a breeze and the end result is great.If you're a cream and sugar person, do yourself a flavor favor and take a sip of the pure nectar.  I think that you will be surprised by the smoothness that the naturally formed crema brings to the equation.  I am looking forward to becoming a regular.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,3/13/2013,157,137,7,15,7>For the past few months i've been treating myself with takeout from Royal Indian every Sunday.  I have yet to try the buffet (which looks fabulous), because I'm usually hungover on Sundays and want to eat by myself in a cool, dark room.So, let me start with some suggestions.  Samosas, Masala Dosa, Paneer Mahkini, Mutter Panneer,  Chicken Madras, Chicken Vindaloo, Chana Masala, Navrattan Korma, Keema Naan...the list goes on and on.  All of this dishes, cooked to perfection, EVERY TIME.  The textures of these dishes are always spot on, super creamy and rich in color.  I order the food hot, and they deliver.  I can handle some serious heat, but I ate one of the peppers in the chicken madras and actually had to lay down i felt so dizzy.  It was great.The naan I get is always freshly baked and piping hot.  There is always a plentiful amount of rice with my orders.  God, I love this place.  Seriously.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,3/12/2013,181,189,3,13,6>Seriously, my favorite place in Birmingham. Never had a bad meal! Maybe my favorite place in the state of Michigan...As you can tell from my uploaded photos that I tried various dishes and they were all excellent. I havent been disappointed yet.  All their sandwiches are perfectly made with the crunchy texture when pressed.I love their meat chili!  One of the best chili I have eaten and I get it almost everytime I go.The salad is a huge amount especially for the price and always fresh.My favorite sandwich is the Matt sandwich and the Italian.  Shockingly the prices are low. Since most Birmingham places are way over priced.The place is awesome for eating outside in the summer time.Service is always good and the staff are very friendly. They also have ice cream and desserts like pies and cupcakes. I have tried them and they are great.It can get busy during lunch since they are getting pretty popular. And I was hesitant on writing a review because I dont want them to get too popular because I wont have a place to sit.  But they deserve my highest recommendation!!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/11/2013,297,101,3,14,7>I've been waiting to write this review because I wanted to be really, really sure. I'm the Duke of this place on Yelp Mobile now, so that must mean I've been here enough to finally sit down and type out my thoughts. Ye Olde Butcher Shoppe is a high-end grocery store. This is not the best place to pick up sundries like dog food, toilet paper, or toothpaste--then again, I don't think they front like they're trying to be that. What they are is in the name of the business. It's an Olde Butcher Shoppe.The meat counter is what truly shines here. Besides having a decent selection at decent prices (they're not the cheapest, and they don't have the widest variety), their true asset is the customer service. In all my visits, I have not encountered a single employee that is less that super happy and helpful--and not just behind the meat counter. The baggers, the cashiers, and the stock people are all just really cool people.There are some odd things that can be attributed to growing pains. The aisles don't accommodate two carts side-by-side. The milk doesn't really move that fast and so you might see stuff in the fridge that expires in 6 days as opposed to two weeks at a higher-volume store. Some of the pricing is slightly inconsistent and weird. Their "city basics" section is sparse.But that's all easily overlooked when you really dive into it as a great place to get actually good supplies in the inner city. If you cook a lot at home, this is a great place to come. There are all kinds of higher-end spices, oils, and other things that are really hard to find without going way out to Royal Oak or Birmingham. They also have an extensive beer and wine selection.As a cooking enthusiast who is marrying a chef, this is the kind of place we've been desperate for in Detroit. We can come here to buy the day's supplies for the meal we're cooking that day. When I ask for high-fat ground beef, the butcher grinds it special for me from steak trimmings. When I ask for their suggestion on what's good for the day, they're honest. They have a special focus on Michigan-made items as well. There are lots of items from Michigan vendors and you can tell that they go out of their way to feature local stuff. If you live in Midtown, Downtown, Woodbridge, or Corktown, this is definitely a great place to add to your rotation. Yes, we'll still be going to Honey Bee for this and Family Dollar for that and Eastern Market for the other thing, but having Ye Olde right by the house is a fantastic and welcome addition to our shopping routine. It's a treat to come in here and I always find something new to be delighted with.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2012,3/10/2013,99,343,,16,3>Never in a million years I would have thought I would be taking my dog to an eye doctor. Never in a million years would I have thought I could afford taking my dog to an eye doctor. Foxy had a ulcer in her eye that was not going away. Dr. Easton and her team are absolutely amazing. They are kind, professional, and great at holding down an 80 lbs active dog while performing an eye exam. After 2 eye surgeries, my dog is healing well and I'm glad I didn't have to spend my entire savings account. Veterinary Vision is a must if your pet is having eye issues!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,3/9/2013,107,385,6,9,4>Finally!  I have found decent Chinese food in Michigan!  Better than decent - really good!  Hurray!  Let us take to the streets with dancing and general merriment!Seriously, I'm very excited to have stumbled upon this little hole in the wall.  Very.  Why?  Because I'm from New York and, let me tell you, no place does Chinese food like New York.  Probably not even China.  I doubt anything I have ever eaten is authentic but kind of like Chicago vs. NY in pizza, you come to love the stuff you grow up on and that becomes the standard.  And for me, the standard is Nassau and Kings County Chinese food served in a teeny space with some little tables that never have people eating there except maybe someone who works in the kitchen.  Since moving to Michigan I have not found a single place that has Chinese that tastes anything like what I'm used to.All of that changed yesterday.While out running some errands with N we were getting a little hungry.  Since we didn't have K with us it meant we could eat Chinese (he won't eat anything from the Asian continent other than Indian and Pakistani cuisine). We finished up at Arborland and checked Yelp for local Asian fare and this place was the top choice based on ratings and proximity.We headed over and were happy to see so many people awaiting their takeout orders.  I was thrilled to see a Chinese take out place looking EXACTLY like the ones I grew up on and that dotted my old neighborhood in Brooklyn.  Same gray counter top, same backlit pictures above the counter, same slightly pissed off woman taking the order.  We decided to go big or go home and ordered quite a bit to take home.  It will probably be the next few meals and snacks.The soup was fantastic although I'm still not sure why I get nervous about whatever is in a wonton.  It's served piping hot and it's a perfect amount and great ratio of broth to wonton.  The white rice is perfectly cooked and sticky and has a clean, untainted flavor - they must be careful here not to mix utensils.  We got egg rolls and it was, by far, the best I've had in Michigan.  N, my exchange student, loved her Shrimp Roll.  The pork fried rice was perfect with a good amount of pork that was perfectly cooked.  We got sweet and sour chicken and while the chicken was breaded and fried it wasn't overdone and greasy but instead nicely crisped but still tender and chickeny on the inside.  The sauce is amazing and would be great on any type of meat or even just plain rice.  We ordered the curry beef and, praise buddha, it wasn't just beef with sauce with too much curry powder mixed in.  It was actual, tasty, curry beef!  And not nearly as spicy as I was worried about (N doesn't like too much kick).This is officially the spot I'll go for Chinese from now on on those rare occasions when I get to eat Chinese (like when Kris heads to Atlantic City in a few weeks).  I have a feeling my four will become five once I try the General Tso's which, in my book, is the true test of any Chinese place.  This is on the other side of town for me but I will never get the local stuff again!  Thank you, King Shing!
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,3/8/2013,76,258,,4,5>We had our rehearsal dinner at the WAB and they made it one of the best nights of my life!!  We were in the downstairs room and they totally went above and beyond with the decorations - twinkle lights everywhere, a custom license plate Welcome sign, and a great set-up for our appetizer table and guest tables!We ordered two appetizers - they layered dip, and hummus - both were totally demolished by the time dinner arrived.  Our server was super quick and took wonderful care of us.  Everyone absolutely loved their food!  I always get the chicken avocado quesadilla and it did not disappoint - shredded chicken, fresh avocado, and black bean paste made my dinner perfection.  My soon-to-be husband ordered the french dip and it was SO GOOD.  I'm not going to lie, I ate half of his dinner when he was talking to people :(  It was so tender and the au jus was super flavorful.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,3/7/2013,1388,1056,16,23,12>Tasty, tasty, tasty. If my husband liked it and would bring me here I'd up it a star. I sneak over with my dad. This is our type of joint.Try The Greek here. Stuffed with feta, tomatoes and basil. Heaven in your mouth. The Paul Bunyan with the mashed potato stuffing is a carbaholic's dream. Try the turkey chili here, it's true, you will not be able to tell it's turkey. Both types of fries are good as are the onion petals with the spicy ranch. The salads in here are even worth a whirlIt's not health food (even if you get a salad you will just end up with a burger, you will come back), thank the good Lord. It is fresh and tasty nevertheless. Made to order with love and care. That is happy. My husband HATES the non fountain soda. I don't mind as much and it's only a buck. He also hates that they top the burgers with grilled onions even though, ummm he can ask for them not to. Duh. He and my mother hate that stuffed burgers are cooked fully done and that the seating arrangements are odd. That I cannot help them with.F the naysayers. I say give it a whirl.
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,3/6/2013,165,649,3,8,3>Upscale dining.Everything is cooked nicely. They customize the way you want your steak prepared precisely -- asking you if you want it pink vs red, and when it comes out if you want it warm or cool, etc. The filet mignon is excellent. I had the porterhouse, which is like half t-bone, half filet. I preferred the filet section, and in retrospect would have just ordered the filet mignon. The porterhouse is a very large amount of meat though, so it's good if you have a huge appetite. For me, I would've preferred a smaller portion of just filet, which would save me some room to try sides. The steak was perfectly cooked and well seasoned. My friend ordered swordfish. I usually hate swordfish as I find it to be a tough, dry fish. Whatever they did here, they did it right. It was tender and completely changed my view about a swordfish steak. With regards to the side dishes, the cheddar au gratin potatoes were tasty. The asparagus were huge, and the parmesan on top was also nice.The service was fine. Our waitress was kind enough to explain everything to us. In general, they were very attentive and filled our glasses promptly.Come on your birthday for 1/number of people in your party off. Good deal.Life tip: get your steak done medium rare anywhere you go.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,3/4/2013,215,177,6,10,7>At first, I was not so beguiled. The cavernous space and loud crowd left me feeling a bit...beleaguered.But now Betty's got it goin' AWWN: beer, bourbon, burgers and...BRUSSEL SPROUTS. That's right, these are some bawdy burnt balsamic-glazed bits of veggie heaven. A big bowl of fried brussel sprouts so crisp, sweet and slightly tangy I would've been reduced to babble if I weren't already shoveling them into my mouth at an alarming rate.Despite her tendency towards boisterousness, Betty's bodacious menu and array of booze continues to beckon. The food just keeps getting better and better. Betty's is also known to feature live bands on occasion. Let the Bacchanalia begin!
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2012,3/2/2013,58,176,,11,6>Brand spanking new! This is a Chinese restaurant that has been open about 3 weeks.When I walked in the lady working the counter was very personable and helpful. I told her that I had never been in before and so she explained the portions and finding what I wanted, which was almond chicken, rice and a side of steamed broccoli.  One thing I liked is that with the combo that i ordered, I had the option between egg roll or crab Rangoon. Unlike Many places just throw a stale greasy egg roll in without even asking...The food was great, especially the crab Rangoon.! I was disappointed that I had accidentally ordered fried rice instead of steamed (the menu DOES specify that fried rice comes with the combination plate), but it was actually pretty good. The portion was adequate.Prices seemed reasonable and they have wifi.I did not dine in, but the dining area was kinda cute for a take-out place. The lay-out looks more like it should be take-out, but the decor seems to lean toward trendy... This would be a good place to dine-in for lunch. They also advertise a sushi bar.  I will definitely try this place again.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2012,3/1/2013,151,160,5,12,6>My eyes are in delicousness overload. I'm still reeling from the visual experience. Honestly!The moment you walk into this panderia the cake cooler screams look at me. These magnificent creations are just dripping in temptation and loveliness. See the pix.Around the corner is a cooler full of individual servings of cakes, drinks and other sweet concoctions.Then further on are the typical mexican cookies, povorones, conchas, empanadas, jelly rolls, cannoli's and breads.This is a very busy place on saturday afternoon. Some first time customers like me, others picking up their special order cakes.But what I didn't see was evidence of pizza. So I'm not certain of the pizzeria part of the name. There is a sister store located in Pontiac. I have it on my "to do" list.Check it out!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,2/28/2013,60,247,3,6,4>Being in the neighborhood and needing a little carry-out nosh to take when visiting a friend, my wife and I went to the Stage.  I had not been there in years and I wasn't a vegetarian back then but I somehow knew that the Stage would have something for me.  I was not adventurous enough for the veggie chopped liver (never liked the real thing years ago) but I did try the Pretty Woman sandwich (a Reuben with avocado subbing for the meat).  It was not the same as the real deal but not bad.  I liked the slaw, too (not too saucy).  My wife ordered the real Reuben.  She liked that the bread was lightly grilled and not saturated with butter beforehand.I was happy to satisfy my hankering for deli food (which is hard for a vegetarian to get) at the Stage.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/27/2013,139,856,5,7,10>The backstory, if I'm not mistaken, is that the chef/owner here used to work at a fancy Italian joint in the Northwest suburbs, but wanted to start his own place for the masses.This is a great service to the much maligned and deprived folks in the Dearborn and Downriver area.  The food is the same as you'll find at very haute Italian restaurants.  The mushroom pasta is just incredible.  If you like mushrooms and incredible things, you should give this a try. The ricotta ravioli is also quite good (the sauce!). The pastas are served with a basket of airy garlic bread, and also come with soup or salad.  The salad is a real salad, with onions, grape tomato, chickpea, and a sliver of parmesan.  The meal begins with an amuse bouche of crostini and bean dip.  The setting is friendly and simple, but in a perfect way.  Service was great.  And you will not believe how affordable it is.  I'm coming back soon, for sure.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,2/26/2013,50,136,1,9,4>Well, I'm not sure I can say anything about the amazing-ness that is Supino's that hasn't already been said in the other reviews, but I'll do my best.  This is a great place to come if you want to indulge in pizza but not walk around afterwards feeling like a giant ball of dough just made itself at home in your stomach. You know what I'm talking about--deep dish pizza tastes delicious while you're eating it, but then....well, let's just say I sometimes regret it. But at Supino's the crust is perfectly thin--crusty but still chewy and soft.  I'm a cheese freak, so I usually get the quattro formaggio...soooo yummy! And somehow, even with four cheeses, it's not too cheesy. How is that possible? I don't know, magic?If you're visiting Supino's for the first time, I would suggest not making your visit on a Saturday (or at lunchtime during the week, I've heard).  They will be packed with Eastern Market traffic, you'll have to wait a long time in line and for your pizza to be made, and you won't be able to enjoy your experience.  Go on a Friday or Saturday evening--they'll still be busy, but not insane, or call ahead and order carry out.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,2/25/2013,2657,302,1,10,6>I respect a restaurant that makes me feel at home the second I walk in the door, retro posters, tins and one of the most clever ways I've ever seen to sell a bottle of wine. Have a bottle, a good time, sign it & become part of our history! I've been a Green Lantern guy forever & I wanted to be sure I was fair to Loui's because they have been an institution in this area for a long time.  I ordered the medium anti pasta, 10.45. The dressing was good and the meats & cheese were better then most. I will say that I missed my garlic bread, pepperonis & eggs I've grown accustomed to getting at Green Lantern.. The cheese sticks were OK, I would have to say Green Lantern's cheese sticks are much better & cheesier. I will say this, the sauce was kick ass!!!! The pizza was solid. Crispy square goodness with a perfect cheese to crust to sauce ratio. By the time I got to my 3rd beer the kids were getting free ice cream & we were having a blast reading the writing on the wall (or in this case the bottles)! I WILL SO BE BACK!! Remember people, there is only one way to spell L O U I ' S!!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2012,2/24/2013,74,66,9,8,6>While walking through the billowing fog and entering the majestic and hilarious dance kingdom that is Boogie fever, there is no way to express the emotions I had. Instead I would like to share a video clip that I feel best accurately describes the moment. I hope this works..youtube.com/watch?v=wPTUThose might even be the exact dance moves I mimicked, but only because all bets were off in this joint. It is this perfect world where it is just silly enough that everyone seems to let loose, except for a handful of men who appear to be practicing to one day be bodyguards there! Yes there are quite a few wallflowers, drink in hand with arms crossed, waiting for their time to strike but don't take yourself or them seriously and you'll be just fine. Disco ball, light up dance floor, cheese perfection! I really had a blast and was so glad my out-of-towner friends ended up here with me towards the death of our crawl. Drinks were strong-ish albeit somewhat pricey. If that is a set back make sure to preparty and you can show up early to have the cover charge waived. I've never been to anyplace like Boogie Fever, and I'm certain I have not had my fill!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/23/2013,229,201,5,14,8>Do you want your kids to stare at a video game all day or use their minds and be creative? This is your pick so make it good, but I'll tell you right now to skip those video games and let them be social, creative and use their imagination at Detroit Kid City...Best indoor play place in Michigan by far!Picture a mini city with a post office, grocery store, pizzeria, old time school house, car shop, barber shop, music studio, and a bank. Every building has it's own tools for that store like the music studio has real instruments to play with, pizzeria has all the pretend felt food (made in German) to create a fabulous meal and they even have a few outfits the kids can play dress up in.Parents can hang out in the cafe or just about anywhere....I've seen a lot of parents actually PLAY with their kids because it's really that much fun.There is always a "Craft of the Day" a fun craft to do there or take home and at 11am is story time....both included with admission.The Cafe serves a lot of healthy items like wheat grass and organic items, smoothies, bagels, coffee, tea, and some not so healthy but Detroit's own Faygo and Better Made Chips....YAY for representing the D!Admission is $10 per kid, and they run a lot specials and once I bought a 2 month unlimited pass for 2 kids for $100 total....great deal. If you "Like" them on Facebook they sometimes have deals too.They do Birthday Parties and I can't say enough of how great it was. It's private where it's only your party there, and they have 2 staff members working it. All you need to do is bring the food because they decorate and set everything up for whatever color theme you want. And say for example your having a "Butterfly Birthday" then they have a butterfly craft for all the kids to make...it was perfect.Staff is super friendly and personable, if you go there enough they remember you and your kids which I like and I see the owner in there working almost every time I'm there....super nice guy. The place is super clean and they staff is always putting stuff away after kids leave so when your kid wants to make a pretend pizza they don't have to go hunt down the ingredients in the Bank cash register.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,2/22/2013,12,89,1,13,3>Hibachi Buffet (or as it was briefly known before opening, Buffett - no margaritas or Jimmy's in sight, though), opened a few weeks ago in the former Damon's space. The Mrs. and I decided to try it for dinner, and were quite impressed. The restaurant is nicely decorated with a huge chandelier in the middle and several small ones on the sides over the seating. There were at least 6 hot tables (I forgot to count) and two cold for salad and ice cream. There is also two grills at the hibachi station, a flat-top for hibachi and an open fire one for steaks and pork chops. All the food was tasty and they had a good selection of meats and seafood, along with dim sum and American foods. They didn't have chicken claws and traditional food, which is ok with me. The sushi was obviously made by at least two people of differing skill - some was very well made and artistic, while other rolls were kind of sloppy and inconsistent. They all tasted good. I like how they bring out smaller refills so the food is fresher. We also met the manager, John, who was very nice and checked in with everyone. We were a bit surprised that they'd have a Non-Asian manager, but he was on top of everything and chatted up several families in Arabic. I'll definitely be back to check this out for lunch. While the sushi selection isn't as huge as Fuji's, the price is a lot better and the food is better. The selection is a better than Mongolian Buffet (other than the traditional stuff) and it's cleaner - hopefully it will stay that way. Definitely worth a try if you're in the mood for Chinese buffet.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,2/21/2013,267,274,6,12,10>Ok, I am calling it. This is hands down the best Greek food in Michigan. It may be far from Greektown but KouZina beats every Greek restaurant in a 50 mile radius by a landslide. Kouzina has been open about a week and I have already been twice. Its simple food done oh so right. Everything is super fresh and made in house...even down to the yogurt used in the taziki sauce! Usually when a new place opens yelp is littered with reviews saying how the food was bad, the service was bad, how things could have been better. Not this time! In my opinion. KouZina is doing everything right. Thats right, I said everything.Lets get down to the food. Its a very short menu but every item is well thought out and bursting with flavor. KouZina serves up 3 different kinds of gyro sandwiches (chicken, pork or original) with pita bread that is made before your eyes. Not in the mood for a gyro sandwich? Ok...pick up a salad or my favorite, the gyro bowl, which includes rice, meat, onion, tomato,  lettuce, feta cheese and topped off with the sauce of choice. My suggestion? Get the tzatziki and the spicy feta on the side and enjoy both! The spicy feta is some sort of a feta/spicy/delicious/magical concoction that should not be missed.  The avgolemono soup is perfect and did I mention they have fresh cut fries as well. Yeah...they do.Prices are very reasonable especially when all the food is made fresh to order.I am so glad that KouZina is so close to me. It seems that the owners put a lot of love into this new business and it really appears that Royal Oak is welcoming them with open arms. Opa!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,2/20/2013,89,191,2,5,4>I love this place.Not just because of the name...but that helps.Not just because of the waitresses...but that helps.Not just because they have a shot-ski...but that helps.It's not even just because I'm really going to need someone to explain to me how I can drink there all night, buy drinks for other people, a round or two of shots here and there...and I still wind up with a cheaper bar tab than any other bar I typically hit.This is just a great place.  Everyone who works there is open, friendly, and wants you to have a great time.  There's karaoke if you're into that.  There are lots of TV's if you're there to catch a game.  There's a giant, humongous burger that if you're in the mood to give yourself a coronary you can try to eat.  The fries are hand cut and awesome.  The buffalo chicken wrap has a perfect kick to it.  The sandwiches are great...in fact, just to save time, let's just put it out there that "neither I nor anyone I've ever been there with has ever said anything less than outstanding about the food there".Great beer selection, both on tap and in bottles.Did I mention the shot ski?Because you should absolutely ask for the shot ski.  Assuming you have three friends, of course...or would like to make three new friends. :)
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,2/19/2013,150,273,2,5,5>Great service! We were treated with a hello and smiles. Service was prompt and friendly.Very pricey! I thought Sheesh was high, but this place was $2-3 higher per entree.Crushed lentil soup was fabulous. The whipped garlic... Blech! It was bitter and oily. The sauce practically liquified as we sat there. The salads were plentiful, fresh and flavorful. The hommus was perfect, perfect, perfect... The lamb pieces were tender and flavorful. The chicken oregano looked good, but our food was lukewarm / cool when it came out to us.. So it took some of the enjoyment away.The fries, rice and veggies were cold. This is interesting in that we sat there FOREVER waiting for our food to come out. We actually asked if we were waiting for the chef to arrive. The place wasn't busy (we were the first to be served). The waiter was apologetic and quickly whisked my friends' dishes back to the kitchen ( you know me, I send nothing back)..lol I felt bad for my friend, who eats at this place all the time, and has never had a bad meal. She asked the waiter if there was a new chef (no). I would return, if in the area, but if we had the same experience.. Not worth the $$, when there are so many just as good, if not better Middle Eastern restaurants.VISIT ON 1-30-13 was a much better experience! The food was excellent and cooked to perfection. It's still pricey compared to other establishments that are comparable. Our waitress was fabulous. We appreciate that they didn't kick us out for laughing and talking so loudly ...group of teachers releasing steam at the end of the day.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,2/18/2013,96,224,3,7,3>How did I forget to write this review. Ahhhh chicken coma for three weeks is how.It's so moist, and it's not greasy. oh mah gerd I want to eat it up right now. Corn was corn, pasta slaw (Egg Noodles is the menu name), yum! My brother had the black beans and the jalapeno mac 'n cheese. I'm going to get that next time.Best part is the fact that the cost is just on # of pieces. Three piece meal you can have three breasts, three thigh, three whatever man!!!! No up charge, no fancy politics. Under 8 bucks for the three piece with two sides.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,2/16/2013,73,199,7,6,4>Is a schwarma a sandwich or a pita? Either way, Bucharest's signature offering - a chicken schwarma with french fries and cole slaw is the best sandwich or pita I have ever eaten. Drunk or sober, hungry or full, that pita is amazing. I once even ordered two so I could eat one the next day. That's possibly the fattest thing I have ever done in my life but totally worth it. I've been told the other food on the menu is good too, but I will always get the Bucharest chicken schwarma and you should too. In fact, I think every man, woman and child should experience the warm feeling of marinated chicken juice pouring down your face. It is a right of passage.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,2/15/2013,226,699,1,8,7>While out on our Beer Stroll en route to Oxford Inn we came across DMA and had to stop and check out the gear. Colleen is the owner and proprietor and she was a total sweetheart (see my pic, she even looks like a sweetheart)! This little boutique has some great Detroit t-shirts and gear including decals which are my addiction. If you're in the area come check it out...prices were very reasonable, the selection was pretty solid and if you check in on Yelp you may even get a discount.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,2/14/2013,110,141,5,6,4>As a gal who only eats turkey & chicken ....Miller's is the one exception I make and eat beef .. it's the only cheeseburger I will eat. It is a great spot to take people from out of town to have them taste a great burger that has been on the food network!I make it out to Miller's two or three times a year and they have the best simple burger out there. I like their casual atmosphere and honor system for paying, great onion rings too.A couple things to take note of would be that they can only serve bottled water so be prepared to pay for a drink no matter what, and there is often a little bit of a wait and it is very tiny space to wait in.I was just there for lunch on December 28th and one thing that really surprised me was how many small children were there. There were several toddlers, and 5-6 year olds. I was kind of surprised to see this ... I LOVE kids and it really doesn't bother me when they are loud etc. I mean they're kids they are gonna be messy and keep things interesting -- but while Miller's has a little dining area it still is very much a bar atmosphere and it's just so small that all the parents around us seemed like they were really stressed out trying to keep their kids out of the way while waiting for a table and again while seated it was hard for the waitresses to squeeze through around them... to me this establishment does not seem very kid friendly and so my advice to parents is to come when you don't have the kids with you, or if you do want to bring the kids come at an off time in between the busy moments of lunch and dinner rush. Another option would be to send someone in to order some burgers at the bar to go and enjoy the deliciousness of Miller's in a better environment for your kids!Overall Miller's is the best burger in the Detroit area and you've got to try it at least once!
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2012,2/13/2013,67,94,1,9,6>I have been coming to Senate since I was a very young child, and is by far my favorite coney island ever!  On a recent visit to Senate with my sister, niece and nephew, we were waiting to be seated when my nephew (who, in his 7 years, has lived in California and has never been to a coney island before) began asking me where the word coney island came from.  George (the owner of Senate) overheard my nephew's question and began explaining to him in great detail the origin of the coney island.  Thanks, George for taking the time to speak to my nephew!  He enjoyed it!  Well done, Senate/George, after all these years!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,2/12/2013,44,150,8,11,3>Since it's within spitting distance of our home, for years my husband has often said offhandedly "Hey, we ought to try that place..." and my response was always the same, something along the lines of "Are you kidding me?  Do you WANT food poisoning or szechuan rat pellets?  Heck no."  Because I'm not going to lie, from the outside this place looks like a DUMP.  As the years went by, I wondered how it was able to stay in business, to be honest.Then I found Yelp, and in my desperate search for some decent Chinese, my old nemesis popped up again...with surprisingly popular reviews!  I read on, my amazement and excitement growing...YES other people acknowledged it looked like a dump from the outside too!  But the food was so tasty and inexpensive!  And sometimes, you just have to take your fellow Yelpers' word for it and TRY IT.  I dispatched the chef-husband to get us some lunch ("But you said you would never...") and to snag a menu (which I uploaded pictures of, since they lack a basic website).  He reported back that it was extremely clean on the inside, with plenty of chairs to wait for your take-out and one little bitty table if you want to eat in for some reason.  There was a mini-table with twenty-year-old magazines, but that's okay...I'd rather they spend money on their food than magazine subscriptions.  He also said the proprietors were extremely friendly.He came home bearing a TON of food, bracing himself for the worst but hoping for the best (i.e. his wife literally eating her words).  And I did.  Ohhhh yes I did!We got an order of steamed dumplings which were delicious, although the chef-husband did NOT like the sauce it came with.  Piping-hot and extremely filling.  I ordered my old stand-by, sesame chicken (or rather the Lunch Special N-5 New York Sesame Chicken) and...oh my.  The first bite was like a revelation.  NO MORE DRIED-OUT DEEP-FRIED BITS OF SHOESTRING CHICKEN FOR THIS GIRL!  It was almost like tempura, the crust was light and crunchy, the sweet-and-sour sauce was perfectly balanced, and the chicken tasted LIKE CHICKEN!  Hot and juicy and plentiful.  Praise to the Yelp gods, I HAVE FOUND MY SESAME CHICKEN!!!My husband ordered chicken pad thai, and adored his as well.  I did take one bite; the pieces of chicken were huge and equally as juicy.  YUM!As a previous reviewer mentioned, I almost don't want to write this review, I want to clutch Harvest Garden to my chest and scream "MINE! MINE!" like Daffy Duck in a cave full of gold.  But this hidden gem does itself no favors with its...errr...curb appeal, so I'm happy to sing its praises for it.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2012,2/11/2013,182,276,3,3,3>Wow, a pleasant surprise.  I was expecting a delicious burger and snarky, indifferent service from a Corktown hipster wannabe. The burger was indeed delicious; mine was the Blue Apple with the pretzel bun option.  The burger was cooked perfectly medium, with abundant blue cheese and applewood bacon. It also came with a small side of hand cut fries that were cut a bit smaller than normal hand cut, but larger than shoestrings.  My fellow diner had the poutine, which looked delicious. Food was excellent and served quickly despite a full house.The biggest surprise was the service. I expected the same crap treatment that is common at uberhip Corktown locations when you are not drinking alcohol, but our server was a delight.  Friendly, prompt, and very cute. Facilities were very nice, with an urban designer vibe.  We dined in the basement, and it worked out fine despite the servers having to run up and down stairs. I paid the 2 dollars to park in the lot, and it was worth it to not park on the broken glass filled streets.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2013,2/10/2013,127,343,3,5,3>DON'T READ THIS, if you like good food. Read this if you like top notch made onsite fresh awesome food! For starters I'd ordered beef barley soup, well they use dry-aged prime rib for the beef. Loaded with veggies and good lord I could talk all day about how good it was. Next were the hand battered toorder onion rings, these alone are worth the trip. Then the burger ohh the burger, a special blend done by Fairway Packing for them, hand patted on site ughhh slobber slobber.  They also serve dry-aged Prime Rib dinners on Friday and Saturdays, yes I'm going back tonight.They serve over 50 single malt scotches and a ton of beers with about 20 on tap although the tap system is not yet up and running.So in conclusion don't go here, because  I don't want to stand in line. LOL
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,2/9/2013,192,175,8,5,4>Departing from my normal Fancy Breakfast Thursday (FBT) routine, my friend Jeremy M. suggested having lunch (FLT?) at Mr. Joe's, mostly in that it's within walking distance from his apartment. Without other options presenting themselves, I figured why not? Plus there was rumored to be popcorn. I arrived at Mr. Joe's precisely at 1:00 pm. and was amazed at the busy lunch crowd. After holding the door for what must have been a party of twenty (just think, 4 Scott Wolfs! If only, if only. . . ) I entered what I found to be a quintessential American sports bar with an intimate lighting scheme. The room was flanked with some large televisions showing Little League championships (Japan vs. Curaçao) and a few smaller monitors for Keno. Menus were on the table and popcorn was provided upon request. The best part was double ketchup! There were two bottles of Heinz (every American's fantasy, right?) in the caddy along with an assortment of mustard. Jeremy ordered the "cold plate" which had scoops of tuna salad, chicken salad, and cottage cheese and was served with pita, packaged crackers, and tomato slices. After making fun of his selection (the way good friends do) I ordered my grilled cheese (on Texas Toast) with fries. I also had a coffee which seemed extra fancy since it was served in a glass mug--our server totally joked with me saying, "We're nothing but first class here." I loved it. Our food was presented in a small amount of time. Jeremy's plate looked as I expected, though he maintains it's delicious. My grilled cheese was basically perfect and the shoestring fries were the ideal accompaniment. Sometimes bars over salt things and these were not at all, bonus point for Mr. Joe! All in all, I would say this was a pretty decent lunch. I was amazed that with tip I was just over $11.00 which is pretty reasonable for lunch. I am curious about their pizza so maybe I'll have venture out again--I know Jeremy's a fan since he can breeze over from his apartment. Also worth noting, the bar was stocked with many a flavor of Three Olives and Pinnacle vodkas--another bonus point for Mr. Joe. When we left Japan was beating Curaçao 5-0. What an exciting lunch?!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/8/2013,78,272,7,5,4>I had lunch allllllll ALONE here.   I rarely do that but I was starving and needed a bite.  I ordered way more than I should have but if you see the previous sentence about STARVING you'll understand.  I ordered the lamb chili and an appetizer of hummus and lamb.  I realize that doesn't sound bad but they brought me out this giant plate of warm fresh bread, crispy fried bread, and that freaking delicious garlic spread.  I had half the plate gone when they brought my chili out like two SECONDs LATER.  I started spreading the garlic on my bread and dipping it in the chili.  OMG!!!  When my hummus and lamb came out I was already stuffed but still managed to push about half of it down my throat.  I took what was left of my plate home and reeked of garlic for the remainder of the day.  What it worth it?  YOU BET IT WAS WORTH IT!I'm actually drooling on my keyboard thinking about this place.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2012,2/7/2013,63,73,2,6,2>Rehabbing a home has taken pretty much all my time recently, and my reviewing has disappeared along with it, but Thai Taste forced me out of the weeds.  After my third trip up to Livernois and Long Lake it's only fair to give them the 5 stars they deserve.  I'll cop to the fact that there are a couple highly reviewed Thai places I haven't tried yet, but I'd be surprised if you'll find a better example in Southeast Michigan.  This is really the only place whose flavors brings me back to the super-authentic Thai/Cambodian places that I went to during my younger days in France.Their soups are spicy and rich in flavor, and their ground chicken/noodle/onion stuffed wings are unique, crispy and fall-off-the-bone delicious.  Their pad thai has just the right undertones of tamarind and isn't the greasy, oily mess that you so often encounter.  Their duck curry is thick, complex, fatty and crave-worthy.But no matter what, try the Southern Thai Noodle.  It's been said by others, but I'll say it again: get the Southern Thai Noodle.  Smoky, curry-ish, south asian flavors marry perfectly with the more traditionally thai ingredients.  And those noodles; they're like custom made double-wide pappardelle, except with a wonderful, slightly more chewy consistency.  I could eat them by themselves as a snack.Did I also mention that the portions are massive?  You'll get two meals out of them, at least.  I'd rather judge places on quality than quantity, but it's worth mentioning that this place excels in both.The only thing that sucks about this place is that it isn't closer to me.  The location is a little off the beaten path in the northern reaches of Troy, far from any freeway entrance.  I'd probably be there once a week if it weren't.Go there tonight if you haven't already.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,2/6/2013,202,393,2,8,3>V Nightclub is my favorite place (so far) in Detroit, but I haven't really been out much.  Don't compare it to California, Chicago, Vegas, etc...bc you'll be disappointed.  Take it for what it is!Pros:- It's in a casino.  You won't be cold walking from the club to your car.- Bottle service is a reasonable price.  It starts at $200/bottle.- The bouncers are friendly.  They're not rude.  They don't have ego trips.  They won't give you a hard time if you're not an idiot.  And for all those girls whose feet hurt and want to take off their shoes at the end of the night, they won't bark at you to put your shoes back on.  They'll just kindly ask you to put your shoes on.  AND did I mention that they're nice and friendly!?!!- Awsem, the manager, is great.  Prompt at answering text messages, esp on the day of, which always seems to be the day that I have 100 questions.  He is accommodating to the best of his ability.Cons:- It took FOR-EV-ERRRRR to reach someone for guestlist and bottle service.  Luckily, Awsem contacted me.  If he hadn't, I would've for sure given V Nightclub 2 stars.  Also, I heard one of the girls who called my girlfriend back regarding bottle service was rude.  *thumbs down*- No real security for bottle service.  Some of my friends who were supposed to get in with me for free had to pay. -___-- I don't understand their guest list policy.- Our bottle service girl spilled a bunch of alcohol as she was pouring it.  Not tryna be cheap, but seriously, I paid for it, so please stop spilling my alcohol.Things I don't remember:- Are the drinks strong or weak?  I'll have to go with strong since I don't really remember.- Drink prices...thank you, generous friends for treating the birthday girl out!Music is fun, crowd doesn't really matter if you bring your friends, and yea the dance floor is kind of small and crowded, but again - you can have fun anywhere with the right people!  I'm a fan of V Nightclub.  Hopefully I'll return one day. :)
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,2/5/2013,196,355,4,8,6>Not a lot to add about how hip the place is, or how excellent the food is, or how amiable the service is (all true).  But I can't get over what an abso-friggin-lutely good deal this place is.  I mean, it's too good to be true.  But it is true.  Now, before you read too much farther, think about what  a good deal would be for two adults for apps, dinner, dessert, and drinks.  Specifically, we ordered -   Dark Horse raspberry aleA glass of sodahummus and pitacherry soup2 BBQ bacon slidersGrilled bologna sliderCuban sliderTruffle friesS'more2 mixed drinksAnd it cost us...drum roll please....$35.00 + tip.  I know, right?
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/4/2013,94,292,,4,6>With only open approximately eight months, their food tastes as though they have been in business for twenty years. You would expect them to still experiment with their dishes and flavors. However, you can taste their "20-year" experience in the three dishes we tried.I was introduced to the idea of Poutine by my brother who has some extensive travels through Ontario. Returning from a trip there, he insisted that I try Poutine and this truly Canadian dish is one that will stick with him for a long time.I saw a write up in the Metro Times about Brooklyn Street Local and how they not only have Poutine, but it's prepared traditionally with their Canadian staff's approval. I mentioned to our server, who's Canadian, that this was my inaugural Poutine experience. She did exactly what I had hoped. She immersed me into the background of Poutine and how there are poutineries that specialize In all types of toppings and that it's traditionally eaten as that "late night" after the bar kind of food. I can see why. It's heavy, greasy, and salty. All the things you want after an evening out.Starting with the traditional Poutine, it contains hand cut fries, beef gravy, and cheese curds. The real highlight of this dish is the delicious beef gravy. However, each component is a highlight and without one of them, the dish doesn't have a chance to being a star. Each element needs each other. The cheese curds will probably surprise you. They have a very mild flavor, but it's their texture that intrigued me. They don't crumble when biting into it, but it actually sounds like a squeegee on your teeth. So weird and fun at the same time.The BSL Poutine with hand cut fries, beef gravy, cheese curds, caramelized onions, and crispy bacon is one that you would find at poutineries according to our Canadian server. In this dish, you loose the beef flavor in the gravy because of the onions and bacon. It's still there and adds the accenting flavor, it's just not the dominant taste throughout the dish. The onions are will grab you.I thought I was going to like one over the other and pick a favorite. However, I really loved each one independently. I could easily move back and forth while still appreciating each one.Lastly, our server said to take the full Canadian journey, we have to try the Peameal Bacon, Canadian bacon cooked with cornmeal sprinkled on top. I envisioned a completely different look, which is always nice to be surprised. The cornmeal was lightly sprinkled on top rather on the edges or completed submerged. The visual had me thrown off and so did the taste. The flavor turned out to be just like having a pork chop. Its the texture of the meat and the cornmeal that really develops the flavor in that direction. The reason it taste like pork chops is that it's not real Canadian bacon. It is actual pork loin fried to order. According to their website, they didn't have a supplier so they created their own.
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,2/3/2013,107,357,6,10,6>I've recently been introduced to the wonder that is Sidetrack. I'm only upset I never decided to come sooner.I've been visiting with friends during Sidetrack's happy hours, where most drinks are half-off. They make a mean Long Island, let me tell you, and for $3.50, you're really getting your money's worth. My husband especially loves Sidetrack's selection of beers on tap. His most recent discover is Bell's Captain Spontaneous. A huge 25-oz pour is only $3.xx when you come during happy hour! In addition to their wonderful drinks (and prices), I've become quite enamored with their cheese sticks. We've all had cheese sticks before right? We should all know the difference between good ones and bad ones... Bad ones have thick, tasteless cheese and sticky, fish stick-like breading with no flavor. Good ones have delicious gooey cheese and crunchy, seasoned breading. Sidetrack has the best restaurant cheese sticks I've ever had... and I'm quite the cheese stick connoisseur. We've tried a few of their other food offerings including their mini burgers, chicken gumbo, black bean tacos, onion rings and English chips. They've all been great. I recently tried their ham & Swiss sandwich on pretzel bun and I swore I went to heaven! The salty of the ham with the sweet of the bun was just incredible. I don't think this place can do any wrong, really.Sidetrack is a bit loud and lively, so don't come here expecting a quiet drink. It's a college town, after all. But if you want a great atmosphere, beyond-reasonable happy hour specials, good eats and excellent beard-watching, give Sidetrack a visit!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,2/2/2013,35,62,3,5,5>Great place for early morning yums. I'm not kidding when I say early morning because if you want to laze around and stroll in around 9:30 for breakfast? You're going to be waiting awhile: for a table, and for your server.This place is the size of a piece of fly paper. Good food served up in a teeny tiny space, so get comfortable with your neighbor. I've only ever been for breakfast but based on my experience, I'd definitely return for lunch. The food is unique (not just a steak and eggs joint, although you could get that, I guess). Parking is your basic Ferndale nightmare: meters. They're closed on Mondays so don't even think about it.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/1/2013,398,356,3,10,4>City Bird is like the 'Michigan' search on Etsy in a physical form. Every piece of jewelry, every Detroit shirt, every print, or any postcard is like a dream.Each piece of merchandise is unique and not at all something you would just find in any other store around. It's hard for me to single out just one thing, but their card selection is by far my favorite part of the store. This place has definitely turned me into some kind of card hoarder lately. And I had bought a lot of Christmas gifts here this season and everyone absolutely loved everything. It was a one stop thing for a last minute group I still had to buy for. My only complaint is their small selection online, but the store is fantastic so you'd rather stop in there anyway. Definitely one of my new favorite places.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,1/31/2013,148,349,4,5,4>For the longest time I refused to get anywhere near a coneydog. See to me, chili simply did not belong atop a hotdog, not to mention that it ends up looking like a soggy diaper within a few seconds. Ew. Not appetizing. I don't know what happened, but when I finally decided to take a bite I actually liked it. The consitancy is still hard to get over, but the flavor was definitely there. Always looking to find 'the best' anything, I stumbled upon this place called Lafayette about two years ago. My husband the Detroit native told me he had heard about it, but never went. It took a tv show to finally get him off the couch and make the trek out to downtown Detroit.It's pretty obvious by now that there is a bit of a rivalry going on between Lafayette and American. The American store lookd pretty impressive from the outside, but we flipped a coin and went in to Lafayette. Firs thoughts upon entering were 'wow, this place is small', and 'gosh, I hope he can handle the dirtiness'. My husband likes things clean and neat (overly so), and Lafayette is not per se either. I wouldn't say it is dirty-dirty, it just looks a bit weathered. Kindof like the grime happened over time, instead of freshly placed dirt and dust. It's all good in my books though, at least this kitchen is open and I can see. I don't think I want to know what some other places I eat at, look like. I like the old school feel in Lafayette, but moreso do I like the food. Good dogs, solid buns (reduces the soggyness!), and a 'creamy', deliciously spiced coney sauce/chili. The fries are crispy and good, especially when smothered in said sauce. And I don't even like chili fries (I'm a sauce on the side kinda gal. Again, sog and I don't mix). What cracks me up is that the staff never writes anything down, remembers what you ordered come payment time and then add everything up in their head to deliver you the total. If you ask nicely, they will do some pretty spiffy tricks with common items. Watching the cooks assemble your meal is so much fun, who needs a TV anyways? It's like dinner and a show, y'all. Go and give them a try, you won't regret doing so.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2013,1/30/2013,54,236,5,6,6>I have had this notion in my mind for years that I do not like croissants. Why in gods name did I deprive myself from such wonderful, buttery, delicate, fluffy clouds of goodness for so long?!? Can someone tell me why!?!Deprive myself no longer I will. Enter "The Art of Bread."After visiting Joe's Produce and the Meat Market I figured I would swing over and check out this new place as well, and that's where I met the croissant. Technically, I bought it for my son for lunch. Oops. It was soooo darn good. Filled with Boarshead ham and swiss cheese... need I even say more? I still can't believe I have never indulged in one of these tasty treats until today.Ok, so  I also indulged in their free samples of asiago bread, gingerbread cookies and blueberry scones. The cinnamon rolls really looked sinful, and they had about 8 types of home made JUMBO cookies. I may give up my bagel habit and pick up croissants thanks to my visit today. Oui Oui!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,1/29/2013,47,59,7,7,8>Probably my favorite aspect of shopping here is that as soon as you walk into the store, customers are greeted with 'samples' of salsa, guacamole and tortilla chips, which are made on site (I assume).  This little display of hospitality usually delays me for at least a minute as I stop and start shoveling large quantities of said delicious snacks into my gaping maw, before I begin to shop.  And, afterwards, I usually make at least one more trip back for more free snacks.  Anyways, onto the shopping: also superb.  The store is well stocked, and their produce is exquisite.  Their butcher counter is beautiful, and it's introduced me to a number of new cuts of meat with which I had previously been unacquainted.  The grocery section is similarly well stocked, with a wide selection at very good prices.  If I lived in the neighborhood, this would be my go-to grocery store, and even though I live some distance away,  I find myself coming back, usually for something that I forgot (think cilantro) that I can't get in my 'hood grocery store.  But, really, it's usually just because I'm hungry and I want free chips.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,1/28/2013,155,332,2,8,4>This place is super cute! As an Asian tea drinker, I've never quite got the whole English tea with milk thing until now. It's all about the atmosphere! I've never felt so classy and "proper" while wearing jeans and a hoodie as I did here.I ordered the "English Quickie", which consisted of 3 finger sandwiches (your choice from the ones available that day), a scone with jam/marmalade/lemon curd/clotted cream, and one dessert for $10.My 3 finger sandwiches were all frickin' delicious - a crustless cucumber & mayonnaise sandwich (really reminded me of similar sandwiches from my grade school days), chicken salad (with mint as a secret ingredient) on a tiny piece of wheat toast, and salami on warm crostini (you can never go wrong with salami). Presentation was definitely A++. For my dessert, I chose the lavender shortbread and fell in love with it. If I could buy a giant box of lavender shortbread from here, I would. As for the scone, it wasn't my favorite as it was way too dry/crumbly to attempt to smear on any of the tasty toppings that came with, but I did my best anyway because the lemon curd was so good.Also got a pot of jasmine tea and it came in the most adorable elephant-shaped teapot. The tea itself wasn't anything amazing but, again, presentation really upped its appeal and it went great with the dry-as-a-desert scone.There were a few flies that were kind of bothering me but overall, I 100% recommend this place.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,1/27/2013,19,242,,7,3>SECOND REVIEW.  They have done a fabulous job renovating this location. It really was an old Northville garage and more recently it housed the Garden View store which moved downtown. Now it is a beautiful restaurant. We went there on a Tuesday evening without reservations and the place was packed but we only had to wait about 15 minutes to get seated. The menu is realy nice. You can order a Pizza Pie for as little as $9 or a main entree in the $20's. They also have burgers and sandwiches at reasonable prices and an excellent starters menu including a spicy shrimp appetizer. They have three soups and we both ordered the seafood chowder($5 for a large bowl) which was delicious. I then ordered the fish tacos for $14. They had just the right amount of "kick". My wife got the Studebaker Salmon and it was grilled perfectly and served with a creamy bacon sauce--it was goooood!!The wine list was excellent and the prices were ok.Katherine gave us very good service---almost too fast, but they did have people waiting for seatsThe only issues were parking which was hard to find and for a first visitor the main entrance was not obvious. We initially went to the banquet entrance.I don't give 5*'s easily and I won't this time, but if the food continues to be as good as this visit they'll go to 5* NEXT VISIT THE SPICY SHRIMP.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2012,1/26/2013,37,119,3,3,4>We go to Randazzo's at least twice a week. Fresh fruits and vegetables are offered at very reasonable prices. From the bakery, I bought some Rocky Road candy that I took to a few family functions and it goes like wildfire. Everyone loves it. The meat department is awesome with many, many choices for customers. We usually opt for the Boars Head brand of meats which are as good as anyone can get. They have a great bread department with a lot of healthy choices. They make guacamole right there in front of you. It's as fresh as you can get it without making it yourself. A few of the cashiers would probably be happier at a different job, but I know who the nice ones are and I always go to their lines, even if I have to wait a little longer. This is the store for us. We go there more than we go to any other store. Plenty of organic selections for those who are interested, even in milk and eggs as well as the fruits and vegetables. Give them a try... oh, the corn on the cobb is always great.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2012,1/25/2013,258,354,1,12,7>True Body is nestled at the famous corner of Michigan & Trumbull in Corktown, right next to McShane's bar (formerly Hoot's).  Blink and you'll miss it - the sign is small and in the window front.  It's not a huge place, and most of their space extends the long way back through the building, leaving the actual storefront you see on the street rather narrow and small.When you walk inside, you see the super cool, urban loft style to the studio - one large room with gleaming hardwood floor, exposed brick wall, and Detroit artwork hung about.  They offer group classes and personal training sessions only, so this is not your standard "drop in and work out on your own" gym.  The schedule has regular spin, zumba, pilates, and yoga classes, and personal training sessions can be scheduled by appointment.Classes are reasonably priced, you must schedule and reserve ahead (no drop ins) because the place is small and they don't want to overbook.  But, the scheduling system is online, very simple, and allows you to add in or cancel nearly right up until the class start time.  Every class I've gone to was a hit - energetic and helpful instructors and good music!  The clientele tends to be lots of young professionals who live nearby in Corktown, Midtown, downtown, etc. and everyone is very friendly.  All levels of fitness welcome.I only wish True Body would add a few more varieties of classes to their schedule (kickboxing, please!!!) and maybe some more Saturday day times, so I could go more often.Check the website for a $5 class deal for first timers, and also their month unlimited packages.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2012,1/24/2013,148,80,3,13,7>One of the very few restaurants in the metro-Detroit area that serve tasty AND traditional Chinese food. I've had quite a few items off of the Chinese menu, and while they are ALL delicious, my favorites are the Peking duck and the beef pot with wood ear and water lilies. You will have to ask specifically for the authentic menu if you walk in and look even vaguely like you might need to use a fork instead of chopsticks (read: anyone not Chinese), but you won't be disappointed! Now the dim sum, oh the DIM SUM. Having poached one of the dim sum chefs from Shangri-La in West Bloomfield for their own, the little delights at Cheng's are just as good, but made to order so they arrive piping hot and fresh at your table. I guess that makes the dim sum better than SGL! Selection is just as wide, but you may be asked to wait a tad longer for certain items. I'm happy that Cheng's is on the map, so I can add another Chinese restaurant to the short list of good ones around here. Try it, you will be pleased too!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,1/23/2013,137,360,7,9,6>Quite frankly, I don't care to write anything else about this restaurant except for this:Best grilled chicken I've ever had in my life anywhere.Despite the meal being called a "whole chicken," the chicken parts are beautifully segmented (thighs, breasts, wings) ready for consumption. It is a feast for beasts and can feed up to 4 people. Don't expect to be wow'ed by the rice or the beans. All you need is the tortilla, the chicken, and the salsa. Cash only.And with that, I will only add this: you are totally loco if you don't come here for their chicken.IMPORTANT UPDATE: There are two young men who man the grill. Sammy reigns supreme in my book (and not just because we share nomenclature). His brother is good, but Sammy's chicken is A GOD SEND. It's like night and day. So if you want five star chicken (instead of 4 star), make sure Sammy is working the day you're in.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,1/22/2013,172,189,5,7,6>Nothing like a good old fashioned barber cut.  I came in on a Monday because I needed my do did for a meeting and my regular hair stylist was not working.  I actually prefer barber cuts to most hair "stylist" cuts.  Why?  I like the atmosphere, and the experience.  A nice warm lather shaving cream and straight razor clean up on the back of the neck and above the ears?  Yes please.  They even had a puppy in there that day, which was very entertaining.  $20 for a cut...she even trimmed my eyebrows. Free parking in the garage that is a block away.  Can't beat it.  I look human again.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2012,1/21/2013,169,227,2,18,5>There's something weird about Ikea.Before we went in, the wife and I made a pact that no matter how long we were in there, we were not eating crappy salmon and salad again.  We went in around 11... and somehow, time, space, and reality bent... and it was 1pm.  We were starving.  No salmon!! I hopped on the Yelp app, and found Shish Village.  It only had two reviews, but the were both positive, and it's pretty much right across the street from Ikea (It's in the same plaza as the big Goodwill) so we decided we were going to give it a try.We walked in and found ourselves in probably the most unique and beautiful middle-eastern restaurant we had ever been in.  It seems that the majority of the restaurants in the area are just a counter in a sparsely (poorly, lacking thought, no design) decorated box.  By stark contrast, Shish Village had absolutely hired a professional to come up with the design of their restaurant.  Dark wood panels lined the walls.  The floor was a polished concrete.  An entire wall was painted in a modern and tasteful fashion.  The lighting was well thought out, and pretty.  Middle eastern implements lined the walls.  The ceiling was only partially dropped, so it had an open and airy feel to it.  We were in awe.Equally as inspiring as the decor was the food.  It was the first real cold and windy day outside, so my wife and I ordered lentil soup.  We've had lentil soup at many Mid-E restaurants in the area, and they've all been good, but this one was particularly good.  We ordered a bowl to share (instead of two cups) but our server, the owner, brought a side bowl "because I shouldn't have to wait".  I ordered the falafel deluxe ($4) and my wife ordered a hummus and tabouli sandwich.  Both sandwiches were giant, delicious, and at the pinnacle of freshness.  You know when the parsley has that extra crispness to it?  Yep.  That's where it was.  The falafel in my sandwich was fluffy, complex (I tasted hints of several spices that I usually don't get from restaurant falafel), and piping hot.   We sat there in silence as we devoured our lunch.The owner, who was also our server, was also a treat.  We never needed anything, and she was also an absolute treat to chat with.  We found out that the restaurant is new -- about a month old.  It seemed to us that they were off to a great start with a tasty product prepared quickly and for reasonable prices.  Good luck!Our bill for two sandwiches and a large soup came to a whopping $12.  That's a cheap, healthy, and fresh lunch for TWO what you'd spend at most places for just one person.TLDR:  Delicious, fresh, cheap Middle Eastern food prepared in a beautiful and thoughtfully decorated restaurant.  Great for post-Ikea lunch (or any other lunch, for that matter!)
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,1/19/2013,69,416,3,7,4>We go to Haveli quite often for Indian food and we have seen the sign for this place and had wondered how the food was.  So a couple of buddies and I stopped by for lunch and then a few days later I went back with my wife for dinner.The sounds of the Cantonese and Mandarin dialects echo through the restaurant.  You don't hear a lot of English.  This place is almost entirely frequented by Chinese folks and they seem to know good food when they are eating it.Make no mistake, this is a Cantonese restaurant.  I can tell by listening to the wait staff talking to each other in the unmistakable dialect that make you feel as if you are in Hong Kong.  In fact, I thanked the waitperson when she seated us in Cantonese and she didn't even blink.  I think she might have thought I was speaking in English.  And when we ordered, I used the Cantonese names for the dishes and the special requests for condiments and such.  It was like asking for ketchup at a Leo's Coney Island.But let's talk about the food.  One word:  Great!  And we tried a lot.  There was not a single disappointing dish.  Every one was perfectly prepared, large portioned and fresh when brought to the table.  We did over-order, because it all looked so good as it went by to other tables.  But the portions were big and appropriately priced.  So the leftovers fed us another day.  And we ordered, for example, a beef and broccoli dish.  It was not based on American broccoli.  It came with Gai Lan.  Bingo.  And the sauce was the perfect balance of ginger and garlic too.  Yum!I can't wait to go back.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,1/18/2013,151,367,6,10,9>Red Velvet Donuts!  Need I say more?  Not really, but I will. Elias donuts will knock your socks off good. I find them more cake-y than others, but the donut here definitely hit the spot.  I also find the donuts here much more larger than your traditional cider mill, Dutch Girl or even Dunkin' Donut.  Typically I'm not a donut gal.  I usually love cake or ice cream but the donuts here have me reaching for my fat-pants.  You need to try the:Red Velvet Donut -- so tasty!  can't really taste any cocoa powder that I usually get from red velvet cake but its still really good.  The donut is nice and fluffy.Cherry Chip -- similar to the delicious cake.  could use more maraschino taste or chips but still good.  Sour Cream -- cakey, but the outside had that perfect donut crust, if you know what I mean.  you can definitely taste the sour cream in this.  I really wanted to try the blueberry and chocolate ones but it seems like they were snatched up by the husband before I had a chance to take a bite.  They also offer a froot loops donut (yes, a donut covered in froot loops!) which is on my list for next time.Some more tips:Elias is open 24/7.  So yes, that means you can get your donut fix late on Saturday night -- a perfect way to soak up some alcohol.Get a dozen donuts, you'll want them all.  Plus, when you get a dozen, you get three free.  Oh, bring your stretchy pants and enjoy!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,1/17/2013,794,350,5,7,7>Wow! 500 trips into a Buddy's and I tried something different and new(to me).My brother-in-law was here from Texas for the holidays. He mentioned before he goes back he had to have a Buddy's pizza , not only because he likes them but because he was reading in TEXAS that Buddy's was in the top ten in the country!We secured the big round table in the back near the kitchen. Nice location as it is enclosed on three sides and a little quieter. I like all the chatter but when you're in a larger group it's nice to hear what 's going on in your group.Okay first my favorite usual was ordered, the antipasto salad, chicken strips(best anywhere). These were the usual fantastic with the house red wine vinagar and virgin oil dressing. We ordered, my brother-in-law and I an eight square pepperoni, italian sausage and onion. They delivered, outstanding.Now for the new. A few of us arrived earlier than the others. So we ordered the Buddy's bread. I thought I was going to get their basket of rolls and butter, but to my surprise they were delicious breadsticks glazed with garlic butter and parmisian cheese. Very good. Now I have to get these next time I go to a Buddy's.Then my daughter ordered the gluten free pepperoni pizza. It is a small thin crusted pizza. Well I had to try it just to see how it was and she offered(I took) me a slice. Not bad! I probably won't order one for myself but if you're into gluten free this seemed like a great choice.The usual great Buddy's dining experience.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,1/16/2013,149,123,5,15,9>I can't believe it took me this long to write a review... could be because I was too busy eating delicious Sardine Room food and drinking amazing cocktails... could be...Seriously, I LOVE this place. I have been here now at least a half dozen times, sat at a table, sat at the bar, sat outside - always the same experience - fabulous. The food is really exceptional and unique. It also changes frequently so it's hard to mention specific items, but I will say the cheese plate and tuna will never disappoint. The atmosphere is really cool. I loved the decor so I much that I actually took in paint chips to the bathroom (am I seriously admitting this to the world?) to match the aqua color for a project I'm working on in my house. I really dig the color scheme, lighting and mural on the back wall.Also, the cocktails are quite good. It's one of the few places on this side of town where you can get some of the classics (and by classic I mean an Old Fashioned not a Rum & Coke) and some really creative specialty drinks like The Cinder - my fav!The service has been consistently good - both at the tables and the bar. I have no complaints there. Quick, attentive and they knew the menu.I will say, if you're looking for a place to go stuff your face with food for $20 or less (and aren't we all sometimes?), this is not the place.  The food is "small", more tapas style and the larger entrees will cost you a little coin. But I think the prices are in line with the quality and what you'd expect for this type of restaurant.I'm a BIG BIG fan! What a great addition to downtown Plymouth in a really fantastic location overlooking the park. Welcome Sardine Room!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,1/15/2013,386,264,3,5,6>This is some good Pizza!  We took the grand kids for pizza prior to a show and it was great. The bread sticks bar was constantly refilled and they were excellent, not at all what I expected.  They like kind of plain pizza, so we ordered the Big Mother half pepperoni and half ham and all double cheese. This was one of the best pies I've ever had. The only drawback was the excessive screaming by a couple of youngsters near our table. 4 stars for Mother's Pizza and I'll be back...
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/14/2013,95,184,2,7,5>Im updating this review based on a few things.First of all.. The owners are great and very involved in this bar.  Second of all, im addicted to this place now. I seem to go in here once a week at least now for lunch and bring co-workers with me...... from Livonia!  it is absolutely worth the drive.I have branched out and tried pretty much every type of wurst and am working my way through the menu.The pimento cheese spread is awesome. It comes with pretzel bites that are crispy, salty and good as hell.One of my favorite things here and one of the reasons i get sucked back in here so often is due to the super creative specials that they run.Most recently was the Thanksgiving Brat which was almost too awesome to describe.Do yourself a favor, go down there, get a brat and one of their many great beers they have on tap.Hands down the best place for grub and a beer in Washtenaw county.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,1/12/2013,99,290,3,6,6>The Sugar House is special. It's a great idea for its location. There isn't any fufu signage that puts extra effort into pulling you in. It's the place that you *hear* about and make a point to seek it out.  So that's exactly what we did. The interior has this dark, intimate vibe. It's also eclectic - You have your chandeliers and curtains, but you also have taxidermy. The walls are decorated with the heads of bison and the like.  The bathroom is a clean white and silver. It almost gave me a medical center vibe. The restroom door has a full frosted glass, which is kinda cool. There is also a live musician playing nice, background music to enjoy. We got there at a good time - there were tables available. I say that because about a half hour or 45 minutes later, the place was packed. I'm glad they are getting business like this and hope they stay around. Upon seating, we were given lukewarm water. No ice, no frost on the glass, nothing indicating that the water was or should be chilled. Upon my request, I was given ice water. Not to nitpick, but lukewarm water just doesn't look appealing when served in a bar or anywhere else. No biggie, though.I enjoyed two cocktails ($8 each!): One was the Flying Dutchmen, which consisted of fancy things I couldn't pronounce: Aalborg Akvavit, Cardamaro, St. Germain & house made orange bitters. Oh, and it was "served in a coupe". It was a nice, chilled sipping drink and the orange bitters really stuck out. Next was the Lavender Negroni, which was crafted with lavender infused Beefeater Gin, Aperol, Cocchi Americano and house made spring bitters. This one was also "served in a coupe". Kudos to them for their house made bitters, because the citrusy, floral bitters were spot on again. This is a good date spot and good for enjoying a sophisticated, hand crafted, old school cocktail. To be honest, my intial though upon entering was "Well, isn't this the douchy spot?" But after awhile, I didn't find it to be pretentious at all.. One thing I'd like to see, though, is some illumination on the bar. The wide variety of liquors and liquers on the bar should be showcased, but not too much light in which it would alter the alcohol. Just a light spotlight on the co-stars of the show. The stars are the bartenders who appear to put in a lot of work with each hand made cocktail. They are very deserving of gratuities.  The Sugar House is a keeper!
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,1/11/2013,203,109,13,8,10>I thought about suing Astro once. It's true. The first time I had their egg sandwich and flat white I closed my eyes with a moaning sound (you know the one) and almost drove into a parked car. They're that good. Yeah, that was my law suit. I didn't say I would win. I get what people say about it being hipster, it's a fashion shoot in there, but I like cuffed jeans and saddle shoes and bangs and glasses (as long as I'm not wearing them). There have been a few times where I walked in and was engulfed by the creepy, cold sea of four-eyed stares, but it's not a big deal. The baristas have always been very nice to me with smiles and jokes and suggestions. If you don't like coffee, but you like its effects, try the flat white (Australia's smaller, stronger version of a latte). It's the coffee gateway drug. Soon you'll be drinking pour-over with shaking fingers and trying to distinguish the different flavors and wondering why you ever hated coffee and how you got things done without it. Their sandwiches are fantastic. Once I had the ham and goat cheese (thick-cut, holiday-style ham) that looked so good a complete stranger commented on it (not at Astro and so I pretended I made it myself), and oh it was as good as it looked. The egg sandwich is my favorite, though. It's really just scrambled eggs with a slighty spicy aioli, but it inspires car accidents if you eat it while driving (I don't recommend it). Some days you just can't have a flat white or an egg sandwich, and those days are Mondays. I learned that the hard, depressing way.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,1/10/2013,171,85,6,10,4>Your Vinsetta Garage curious questions answered:Yes there will be a wait. Want to avoid it? Try for an off night - early in the week, early in the evening. Then wait it out at the bar and if you're party is small enough you might luck out with seats there in just minutes, instead of the hour to 3 hours they've been quoting.Yes, the mac n' cheese is that good. It rose to fame at The Clarkston Union and it's bubbly, cheesy comfort food you don't want to skip. Get a side order.Yes, they have burgers, they have pretzel buns and they have veggie options. They're good. Worth a 3-hour wait? Well that will be up to you. Remember you have a lot of amazing burger options on this stretch of Woodward.Yes, the garage theme is everywhere. Some might say it's a little overdone. I've heard the term amusement park. I couldn't argue.Yes, save room for dessert. Seriously. Trust me on this one. They are worth it. Get more than one and share. You will thank me.No, they don't take reservations.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,1/9/2013,56,309,2,7,5>One might drive by this monstrosity on Plymouth Rd and think it was a craft mall.  You'd be wrong.  It is a large indoor antique mall on one side, and a craft mall on the other side.  The antique side is my fave, lots of trinkets and reasonable prices.  Got some terrific Life Mags from the 60's for $3!  Filled with awesome ads that will line my walls.    I am not crafty, but I do get around.  So I meandered over for what I decided would be a 10 minute sweep of the area.  I didn't find anything until the last aisle, where there was a reproduction shop of old Detroit photos.   Though overpriced, I found one of a Vernor's Gnome, sitting on top of a Vernor's themed Pacer.  Can you get anymore awesome than that?  No.    Stop in, and allow yourself some time to browse around.  Each "booth" has a different owner, and I agree with others that the staff is really great and helpful.  They will take your stuff and hold it up front, so you can keep filling your arms with more stuff.  Sneaky, but helpful.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,1/8/2013,54,116,3,6,5>Grew up in the area and can't believe this is the first time I've been in.DELICIOUS FOOD *AND* GREAT SERVICE!Came here early "dinner-time" (5pm) and the place was pretty empty as we arrived.  We were seated right away in a large comfy booth which was nice since my date has a broken leg at the moment.  The decor, as others have mentioned, is slightly dated but the place is nice, classy, and well taken care of.  Our server, can not recall his name for the life of me, was attentive the whole time and VERY helpful.I ordered an "atomic toast" martini to start which was just as interesting as I hoped it would be - and tastier than ever!  We selected an appetizer of grilled portebello mushrooms with tenderloin tips in zip sauce.  I named them "crack-mushrooms".  Eat one and you are hooked like crack.  We serious bargained, begged, and eventually stole the last bite from the other.  I highly recommend.  Our server was very helpful in helping us find the right wine for our dinner.  My date and I have very different tastes but I wanted to enjoy a bottle.  I am also not a huge Italian wine drinker, so I wanted some ideas compared to what I normally like.  Our servers selection was perfect.  I had to actually stop myself from trying to drink it all at the table and save some for home.Our server informed us of the specials.  My date chose a crab stuffed shrimp entree that was very reasonably priced from the special menu.  I chose the dinner combination with the filet, potato, vegetable and scallops for my entree.  I do notice that even though this was 2 weeks ago, the menu appears to have changed already since then so I'm glad I tried this dish when I did.  Everything on my plate was prepared to perfection.  I had more than enough on it as well.  My date, surprisingly was very full with his meal too (he can rarely get enough seafood) and also remarked how happy he was with his dish.  We had been overhearing the tables next to us order dessert and knew we wanted something.  In fact, we'd been saving room for it the entire night.  I chose the cassata cake, which was like heaven!  My date chose the cherry cheesecake which he also enjoyed.  In short: Great service and great food = great time!  I may try other Andiamos locations out now that I've fallen in love with them, but it's going to be hard to beat my experience here.  I will be back.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,1/7/2013,157,473,4,7,9>Outside of the Car Show, there are very few things that you should come to Detroit for.  This is without a doubt one of them.  The sheer volume of artists is awesome and if you are into Electronica and hip hop, there is probably nowhere else in the States you should be this weekend.  The setting in Hart Plaza by the riverfront is epic.  The stages are well set up and the sound and light is pretty awesome.  What is also cool is that getting in and out during the course of the day is a snap and all the local vendors there.  Yes, they have elephant ears and all that but they also have Slow's to Go for food.  Hooray for having a non-carney food alternative.  I discovered a lot of cool artists from the smallest stage all the way to the biggest.  Definitely good times!
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/6/2013,47,57,8,8,8>Hands down my favorite place to get Chinese.The actual building is shabby on the outside, but inside it's always pristine and the staff are very friendly.  I've been coming here since I was a kid, and one of the things that I loved the most about it was that not only was I getting great food, I was also getting a great experience.  I know some yelpers have said that their experience at the Chopstick Inn wasn't good - but I can say that that is not the norm.  When I was a high school or college student, sitting with other students, paying with crumpled bills and sitting for a long time just talking, I still got great service.The chicken rice soup is amazing, but I also love the sesame chicken and the almond chicken.  Their egg rolls are delicious - and thank god they don't put any broccoli in them!  And the portions are huge.  I always have at least 2 or 3 days' worth of leftovers any time that I go.  The only way that they could be better would be if they delivered.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,1/5/2013,200,255,6,6,6>College memories of Ashley's:- Turning 21 and sharing a bottle of Chimay (and terrible burgers and potato chips) with a friend.- Trying the fruity beer samplers, only to be disappointed by most of them.- Getting Ephemere on tap... green apple and cassis, what!- Getting sangria at Dominick's and then going to Ashley's after Dominick's closed, hating all the food, and walking to NYPD afterward.- Pretending to arm-wrestle my friend who weighed three times as much as me.- Dealing with some terrible jukebox selections for 20 minutes, buying some better songs, and then waiting another 20 minutes before our songs actually came up.Post-college memories of Ashley's:- Meeting up with old classmates and professor and just catching up after 5 years.- Grabbing Founder's Red's Rye on tap with my old roommate and her fiance when they were in town.- Fortifying myself with good beer before going to the Blue Leprechaun for tequila shots (shudder... not my choice of bar).I could go on, but I'm pretty sure I'm boring you.  In a nutshell:- Lots of draft and bottled beers with a very organized menu.- I don't usually get very good recommendations from the server.  It's best to trust your own instincts.- Subpar food.- Awkward and crowded seating, especially in the front.- Semi-gross bathroom downstairs.- Nostalgia!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,1/4/2013,376,267,1,10,6>Social gave me a good impression right off the bat. There is this ambiance in the place that feels sophisticated without being stuffy. The giant windows let in lots of light and there's a feeling of an upscale down home kitchen. It's stylish but with an easy feeling. The layout is nice and open and the rooftop is really beautiful.Chow Time Low Down....To start, we had the Slider Bites. This App comes out and it's deceiving since it looks like you're about to eat some plain old bread rolls. Think again! Inside the nice warm bread outer filling is ground beef mixed with spices and cheese and little bits of pickles. I was surprised how well the bites were flavored, they really did have that Slider flavor infused in those little bites. Another App we tried were the Turkey Sloppy Joe's. I am a staunch supporter of my Grandmother's Sloppy Joe recipe and so I am very hard on Sloppy Joe's in general. I was ridden with guilt as I hawked down these delicious little messy morsels. Talk about GOOD! I'd have loved to have had that dish Entree sized. Sorry Grandma! They're that delicious! For entrees: I got the Halibut Skillet, my hubs got the TV Dinner. Let me just say this folks, get the TV Dinner. Just believe me. I was wallowing in my sorrows after I tried his entree. The meatloaf was bacon wrapped, juicy and full of flavor. The sides were even all good...fresh corn salad, mashed potatoes, coleslaw...all very fresh and flavorful. It was envy with a capital E. If there was ever such thing as a gourmet TV dinner, then Social has it down. 100%. The Halibut Skillet was decent, but the "crispy noodles" didn't really do it for me. They were tough to eat and didn't add anything to the dish.  What's more is the sauce was overly salty & a bit too greasy for my taste. I personally don't like to have such heavy flavors surrounding such delicate fish. But that's just me. It was good but didn't have any kind of "wow" factor like the flavors in the TV Dinner dish. Now for Dessert. Get the donuts. Just do it. They are incredible. They make their donuts fresh & sprinkle them with cinnamon and sugar and serve them in a little paper bag. It's almost like being at the cider mill...but BETTER. Yes BETTER! I don't know what's in that batter, but my goodness, they are good. We also had the Whiskey Pecan Pie. This slice is decadent, rich, but not so overpoweringly so that it's too much. Either one is a great choice, but if you want a truly memorable dessert, then you can't go wrong with the donuts. So to sum it up, Social is a keeper. From the stylish atmosphere to the creative dish offerings, it really has something that sets it apart from the others. I'll be back and I'll be bringing backup. ;)
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2012,1/3/2013,504,642,5,19,13>If you have a daughter (wife/girlfriend/best friend/sister/are female) and you haven't been here, go. Put down the tablet, pick up the car keys, and have a girl's day out.  Think Pink Vintage is a place of white gloves and lacy lingerie, sparkling ankle bracelets and lovely place settings tucked just down the way from Dino's, John D, and the Emory. Its ambiance mixes the essence of tea parties with the refinement of an earlier era with none of the saccharine white washing. Run by a Detroiter with intimate knowledge of the city and a passion for it, the store has a changing array of vintage items, handmade goods purloined from romantic artists and crafters, and those little touches you never knew you needed. Case in point: the string of white fairy lights, each adorned by a rosette. I need these for a bathroom, a reading room, maybe my work office. They speak of femininity without being frightening or threatening, just oozing charm. An eclectic array of things are for sale. I showed up on their first day of business and on repeat visits, discover the stock changes and the variety continues to grow as the business matures. The central rack has fake fur stoles, vintage slips, lovely handmade skirts, and a pink (of course) 60s style dress that looks like it walked its way out of Mad Men on a glamorous actress. 80s plastic charms, like the ubiquitous record player and tennis racquet, decorate a metallic tree by the front desk. Retro can be chic and the beau and I had a blast comparing what we found to our childhood memories. Some of the vintage comes from Audrey Hepburn and silver screen glam: the big bracelets with glittering rhinestones, the lovely pearl strands, the wrist-high gloves in white, pink, and lilac. Alas, too small for me, but definitely mine were they a touch less fitted. Other elements are for the rose gardener and English countryside, like pretty plates with modern decoration on a table or the glamorous translucent golden umbrella with flowers on the shaft. I nearly bought the thing outright. I need it to waltz down Detroit's streets, humming a tune or chirping "Good morning" to the regulars. It's the Park Shelton building in object form, really.Surprises are wonderful, and they are especially precious (in the good form of the word) in the back room set aside for the little girl in us all. Pretty dresses are one thing, but the selection of housewares to brighten a room and the children's sized goods are all adorable. Too cute to bear in some ways. My friend and my cousin who just had daughters now have a guaranteed store for their presents once the girls are past drooling. For the tea time set, it's an essential foray in the Detroit metro area.It should be on the way given the prices. Jewelry comes in at very fair prices, and the clothing and the housewares are a real steal. If only I had more room! The little touches make this store delightful and I hope it thrives in Ferndale. Handstamped cards with "merci" (French for thank you) accompany each purchase. Purchases are wrapped in tissue paper and placed into pink gift bags, for a lovely touch. Think Pink has a loyalty program; for every $20 spent, a stamp is added to a card, and when the card is filled out, a discount is applied to your next purchase.Besides, the owner is a gem of a woman with children of her own, a keen eye for good things, and versatile in what she stocks. I love supporting local business and this one's quality is right up there. I get plenty of compliments on the jewelry I find. I hate sharing sometimes, but this secret's out for the Yelp community.As a note, if you can't find parking in front of the Macole building, go to the Ferndale public library and its adjacent lot. Then you can sneak in the backside of the building. Her store front does not have street frontage; it's in the building on the first floor right behind the computer supply place and the salon.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,1/2/2013,49,344,3,8,7>Wow, delicious.We got: - 1 portion of spicy+hot boneless wings + thighs (the former being good, the latter being INCREDIBLE)(next time we won't get the boneless), with a side of corn (nice, but we're curious to try the radish next time)- 1/2 portion of chicken BiBimBop (really well done, very tasty, nice portion), came with a great side of kimchee- veggie mandoo (a yummy side.  6 pieces per order)- KimChee fries (so wonderful... laced with spicy sauce and fresh onions)All of this came out to $25, and was a huge, delicious meal for two.  We are so excited to return to this place.As other people have said, it's good to know that the fried chicken takes a while to make but the other food comes out faster... that there is a strange lack of silver- and plateware...  and that it's hard to find...... but that it is so, so worth it.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2012,1/1/2013,72,72,15,18,10>I don't know what to say that hasn't already been said.Pretentious?  Yes.Expensive?  Yes.Dark?  Very.But I absolutely eat shit like this up!When you walk through the front (or back) door, you jump into a wormhole that transports you to a turn of the century speakeasy.  The atmosphere & decor is spot-on, save for a few emergency lighting fixtures that you can't really do anything about.  And the chandeliers above the bar look to be a little bit newer than the rest of the decor, but whatever.  I don't think they are committed to being 100% period correct.  It's close enough.You're not going to have a vodka & red bull here.  Nor a jager bomb.  In fact, I saw a college aged girl attempt to order a Red Headed Slut.  The bartender, in one swift movement, pulled out a shotgun and blew her head off.  True story.Okay maybe not.  But you get what i'm saying.I've been here a couple times now, and every drink was completely unique and unlike anything I have had before.  One of my favorites was a special they were running, called a backwoods cider.  Or maybe backwater cider.  I don't remember because I was drinking.  I do remember the ingredient list being very very long, and had some things I had never heard of.  But after my first sip, I came up with my most memorable quote of the night.  "This drink tastes exactly like this place feels."  Earthy, hearty, woodsy, old fashioned.  No adjective can accurately describe how it tasted.  But if you could take every ounce of feeling and energy from the atmosphere of the Oakland and somehow liquefy it and pour it over a giant ice cube, it would taste exactly like the drink I had.Be careful as the cocktails are all very strong.  This is not a place to go to start your night, but a fabulous after dinner place to bring a date or a close group of friends.  The seating has a very intimate feel!Overall, I completely recommend this establishment to anyone who is craving a delicious craft cocktail and wishes to enjoy good conversation with their friends / significant other.Oh, and it helps if you like accordion music.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,12/31/2012,40,63,4,6,3>Loved it!Food: Excellent. Tasty. Fresh.Atmosphere: Cool, clean, airy, comfy.Service: Great. Once we were acknowledged.Prices: Kinda steep but not totally unreasonable.We arrived fairly late, after 7:30...they close at 9 PM. It was my birthday and we wanted to try Vinsetta Garage but there was a freaking 2 hour wait! We were starved. I've had Seva on my list forever...I so wanted a cocktail. My hunger level prevented me from ordering one, though. 2 sips and I'd be on the floor stone cold drunk. Yeah, I was that hungry. Boo.We started with a few apps...warning: General Tso's Cauliflower is one of the best things you'll ever eat in a veggie restaurant. O. M. G. I will be craving this for the rest of my life! We all raved about it.The cheese board app offered a nice selection but it was skimpy and overpriced. Not impressed at all.We shared the thai salad and it was quite large, fed the 4 of us and was delicious. The cilantro/peanut/lime dressing was mighty tasty and I'm definitely going to recreate it at home. Yum.The juice, smoothie and drink selection was fantastic. I had a difficult time deciding. Go with what appeals to your taste and you won't be disappointed. Fresh!We all ordered sandwiches and all were delicious.  I got the bahn mi and it was pretty good. The seitan was a bit on the sweet side for me but the pickled jalapenos were outrageously delish! My poophead husband was acting like a baby (he had his heart set on Vinsetta and a burger) and settled for the hummus wrap. He was pleasantly surprised at how tasty it was and how much he liked the fries, the beer and of course the GT cauliflower.Our server was so sweet and attentive. Since it was my b-day, my entree was free. Score!Will be back for sure. Can't wait!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/30/2012,34,77,5,10,4>Hiring Professional Movers was the best decision ever. Outside of marrying my wife. I received two quotes from two movers and Professional was the cheapest. They also did not have ridiculous up-charges for my arcade machines and other moronic policies in regards to mirrors etc. They slightly under estimated the amount of crap I had to move and sent an extra van/truck out at no additional charge. Never in a million years did I think I would hire movers. I am so happy I did. In six hours they had me moved from Royal Oak to Brighton and we were settled in our house in a weekend! If you are debating hiring movers, call them. If you pack your own boxes it is pretty reasonable!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,12/29/2012,125,326,3,11,8>So they haven't fully moved into their space inside Rust Belt, but they were set up outside of the market Sunday grilling up some sliders.  They plan on being open when the market is open - with a long-term plan to maybe extend offerings outside of the markets hours.I decided to try both the chicken and the steak.  The steak is bacon infused with a sweet pickle and fried onions, the chicken is pulled chicken with an apple-carrot slaw and a cherry chipotle bbq sauce.  They also had a turkey and vegan option.The sliders were a bit bigger than your traditional slider, but not by too much.  The sauces are all beer based - and once inside they plan to expand their menu to include more of the beer-esque offerings.Co-owner Nick was manning the grill and was quick and friendly.  He even offered to bring the sliders inside if we wanted to sit and wait out of the heat.The only catch point for me was that the prices seemed a bit high for the size of the slider and its lack of accompinaments.  For $5.50 I feel like I'd either need a slightly bigger sandwich or something next to it to nibble on.  I'm excited to see what these guys do once they're fully up and running.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,12/28/2012,101,200,3,10,4>We went here specifically because they have all-you-can-eat crab legs.  On their website they are listed as $34.99, but in reality, they are $39.99.  They also came with beer battered mushrooms (very good), soup or salad, choice of potato, and bread with honey butter (very good).  Our service was very friendly and fast and we never had to wait for more crab to come out.  I would definitely recommend it if you want AYCE seafood, but if you are not big on seafood, there was not a lot of other menu choices.  I ordered the fish and chips which seemed steep at $14.99 for only three pieces, but the fish and tartar sauce were really good as were the fries.  They have a full bar and an attached parking lot which charges $5.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,12/27/2012,26,96,4,8,4>this is not your high-heels and fancy pants type of place, which is one of the reasons i love it. This is a gem of detroit and a place that knows how to make an impression. german food, german beer, german songs, german folk. it's a unique experience, so it's best to read up ahead of time to know what you're getting yourself into. a great place for small-ish groups, and if you don't mind community tables, a great place for a fun date night (if you know your date). Oktoberfest is especially busy so call ahead for reservations. they also have great holiday sing-alongs not to be missed after thanksgiving.get your navigation skills in tact before heading to this place; it's easy to get to, but you'll be thankful you planned ahead. and pay your 'danke' to the wonderful gentleman who keeps an eye on your car in their parking lot. oh, and order the potato pancakes!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2012,12/26/2012,501,312,3,11,3>I stopped in at China House on a whim one evening after wandering around trying to figure out what I felt like eating. I pulled into a parking lot, powered up the old Yelp app on my phone, and was off in a flash.I'm pretty picky about Chinese food, and by my own admission I have a pretty narrow range of go-to dishes. These are the basis I use to judge all the Chinese I eat. The Yelp reviews on this place gave me hope, since my favorite other place (Ten Yen) was ~2o minutes away. China House is a mere 5 minutes from home, so oh very convenient.The place is SMALL, and clearly set up for carry out, although there are some booths for eating in as well. The staff was friendly and seemed to be mostly family. I ordered an Almond Chicken combo & a shrimp with lobster sauce combo to go (I couldn't decide between the two). All said and done, I ended up getting 4 meals out of them.The almond chicken had the perfect proportion of breading, and was tender and juicy. The gravy was a bit darker than I prefer, but overall not bad. The shrimp and lobster sauce was really good, with large & plentiful shrimp, and a nice sauce. The fried rice was easily some of the best I've had in any Chinese Restaurant, and I'd go back for that alone some time! The egg rolls were REAL egg rolls, not spring rolls. They were pretty good too, although I still prefer more bean sprouts in mine.I'll be making a return trip and follow up review in the future, to see if the tasty goodness can be duplicated, with some different dishes next time!
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,12/25/2012,157,137,,13,7>The Detroit Bus Company - absolutely brilliant.  We rode on the Detroit Bus Company for the first time last night and had such a pleasant experience. I can't wait to go again.For $5, the (brightly colored/painted/graffiti-ed) bus picked us up from Gusoline Alley in Royal Oak, and drove us down to Detroit where we were dropped off and picked up at various stops around "the party loop."  Several locations include Green Dot Stables, The Well, Grand Trunk Pub, Northern Lights, Circa...Once you are dropped off, you usually get an hour at each location before you are picked back up.The people behind this are passionate about what they're doing.  I really hope this blows up soon.  What a great new addition to the Royal Oak/Ferndale/Midtown nightlife. They are quick at responding through text, phone calls, or twitter.  We were inside Gusoline Alley and tweeted, "when you guys get here could you call us?"  a few seconds laters our phone rang and the bus was outside.  Excellent, guys!!On our way back home, we were given free vitamin waters to re-hydrate.  They had a whole cooler full!  Great thinking.I am really excited about this.  I'm going to go next weekend to check out some more spots and hopefully meet some really cool people along the way!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2012,12/24/2012,297,101,3,10,9>The owner took my call, the owner met me at the front door, the owner thanked me for coming and thanked me for my business.In 45 minutes, I had a brand-new windshield perfectly installed for HALF the price of every single competitor I got a quote from. The owner then told me he could also fix my broken passenger door if I bought the part and came back to see him, and he quoted me, again, HALF the price I got quoted at three other shops.They have extremely high volume business, which is why A) they keep so many windows and windshields in stock B) work so quickly C) can charge so little. This is Detroit, after all, and windows get broken daily. I highly recommend.
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,12/23/2012,1388,1056,8,29,13>For a buffet, this is top notch chow. This place is brand spanking new and super clean. It's also one of the nicest spreads I have seen in awhile.We came here on a Sunday afternoon at 3:15, it is dinner fare and dinner prices all day. Every other day I think it is lunch until 3:30. We had a friendly greeting and were seated at a comfy table in a flash. Ice cold drinks were delivered before I could even settle in. We started with sushi. Shockingly good for a buffet. The nigiri was super fresh, the tamago, tuna, shrimp and salmon were especially good. The maki was great variety, with tons of different fillings (not just the same fillings of egg, crabstick ,cucumber and oshinko with different toppings you get at the place down the street). The sushi line was a popular choice, with much of the restaurant partaking, but every time I went by they were restocked. The two sushi chefs were on the ball and always working, not standing around gossiping like I see elsewhere. The sushi was also not that half frozen stuff, it was nicely prepared and flavorful.The other food was much better too, more variety here as well. My husband was thrilled with the cheesesteak in pastry, a cheesy concoction with shredded tender beef. He was also a fan of the dumplings as they were in the thinner wonton skins and had tasty filling. There were plenty of peel and eat shrimps with cocktail sauce which is always happy. There is kid food here, something for everyone. Pizza, mac and cheese, chicken nuggets, what looked like fettuccine alfredo with shrimp, I could go on and on. There are six different types of ice cream in a cooler, super fresh fruit and a salad bar. Even if you do not like typical Chinese buffet food you will find something to eat. The titular hibachi grill provides you opportunities to create your own stirfrys too.My parents and James ate some hibachi chicken, stuffed shrimp and peppered shrimp and seemed very happy with them. My mom went for the oysters with sriracha which she said were delightful, clams and various types of mussels which made her happy too. My dad liked the beef ribs and the prime rib which was soaking in au jus, done past medium but still tender. I saw him with crab wrapped in bacon and fried plantains. He was jazzed about the frog legs, which are a big fave of his.Everything seems to be in smaller dishes and rotated much more frequently. Things were tender, juicy and fresh, not dried out. The buffet was constantly being restocked and our waitress was always on the ball about plate clearing and getting us fresh beverages. Its super friendly here, with everyone clearly eager to please.The only thing missed was crab legs. I can deal, the only one at the table who was a bit bitter was my dad. The rest of us are more fans of dungeoness rather than buffet type snow crab.The price is a steal. 10.99 at dinner! Seriously. It's also way better than any chinese buffet in the area in my opinion.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2012,12/22/2012,24,26,10,15,8>Phulkari Punjabi Kitchen is truly a gem in the Metro Detroit area. Its unique menu and tongue-tantalizing tastes will keep you coming back to discover new culinary treasures. One special thing about Phulkari is the fact that all of the dishes are native to India's Punjabi region. Enough with the flowery crap. You need to eat here. Here are the things you'll love:1. All of itThe rice, naan, lamb korma, kadhi pakora, muttar paneer, aloo gobi, are so good. Love the samosas and chana masala. The food here can be spicy. If you are weak of heart, you might need to suck back a lot of mango lassis (which wouldn't be a bad thing!) or order extra raita. The best thing to do your first time here (unless you're familiar with the cuisine) would be to order the thali. This is a nice sampler of three dishes, rice, bread, salad, and dessert. The price ranges between $8-10 depending on whether you get vegetarian or meat. Another great dish is the Aloo Puri & Halwa, which consists of a potato curry, fried wheat bread, and lentil pudding. The interior is absolutely beautiful and looks like a modern cafe. There will be art exhibits and musical performances in the coming months. You need to eat here.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2012,12/21/2012,56,49,3,11,6>We were coming home from work and almost drove right past this place.  It is tucked into a small strip mall on Ford Road and is easy to miss amidst the insurance agencies around it.  The menu is simple, and uncomplicated, and posted on the wall behind the counter with descriptions of what is on each item.  No gimmicks to confuse you.  You order at the counter and your selection is prepared only after you order it just how you want it.I should mention that most of what they do here is sandwiches.  Tasty, decadent and comfortable sandwiches.  On this visit, I had a Friend of Ours--genoa salami, hard salami, mozzarella, Italian dressing, lettuce, tomatoe and onion on a lovely, fresh soft wheat roll.  The sandwiches are made fresh to order and the ingredients were top-notch.  The other side of the table had The Don--capicola, mortadella, salami and provolone on a soft, fresh white roll.  His was a combo with a side of potato salad and a bottle of water.  They have various sides as well as the usual bag of chips and soups.  Most sandwiches can be turned into combos with either soup or sides.They also do a nice selection of espresso drinks.  We tried one but not enough ground coffee was used to brew it and it was less than satisfactory.  No biggie--we came for the food.Be warned--the business is set up to be more suited to take out than sit down dining, but there are three small tables if you are so inclined.  We sat at the front window and just admired the selection of pastas, sauces, imported candies and frozen treats.  While I was enjoying my selection from the glass dessert case (tiramisu) I was amazed at the cleanliness of the place.  There was absolutely nothing on the floor and not so much as a crumb on any table.  The counter staff are quick and personable.  Overall, the experience was lovely and the only downside was the weak (and odd-tasting) coffee.  They more than made up for it by being awesome in every other way.  Your large group will not find enough space to sit here.  No televisions to distract you and no music/muzak playing.  It was enough to listen to the friendly chatter of the folks behind the counter as they went about their workday.Come for the sandwiches, stay for the dessert.  Or, rather--call ahead and they will have your dinner waiting for you to take home and eat in front of your favorite conveyance of entertainment.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,12/20/2012,14,28,5,14,8>Ever since I tried my first Juicy Lucy, I've been smitten.   Huh?  What's that you say?  A Juicy Lucy is two burgers melded together, and cheese is in between - essentially a "stuffed" burger, or inverted cheesburger!   They're wonderful when done right, and awful when done wrong.   I've had both, so when I heard that Jay's Stuffed Burgers were coming to Plymouth's downtown, in the former Zapata's storefront, I was quite excited and intrigued.   My wife Lynda and I had just finished mountain biking, and Lynda mentioned that Jay's had just opened a few days now.    We were quite hungry after biking, so we headed over to Jay's for a look.Upon entering, I noticed the giant yellow menus that blazed from the overhead LCD screens.   The Jay's staff was very friendly, and greeted us.  While perusing the menu offerings, the burger chef gave me a sample of their chili (with turkey).   I was told his mother makes the chili, and it definitely had that wonderful homemade flavor that is a rarity in many restaurants.  Jay's definitely has some chili that makes it tough to choose between chili and a burger!   But, Lynda and I were there for burgers, so burgers it must be.   Lynda is a vegetarian, so she's often not able to join in on the burgery fun whenever we go out, so she was elated to be able to choose a veggie burger off the menu.   It's not stuffed, but that's OK.   I chose the Paul Bunyan stuffed burger - stuffed with mashed potatoes and sharp cheddar, and we'd share an order of sweet potato fries.Made to order, we waited about 5-10 minutes, which is perfectly acceptable, but I can imagine this will cause the fast food crowd to wince a bit while waiting for their food.   This is hand made food, not pre-cooked fast food, so waiting is par for the course.   Upon retrieving our order, we set upon it hungrily.   Lynda was greeted by a sizeably large veggie burger, beautifully toasted bun, cheese, grilled onions, and all the nice fixings.   The remarkable thing about it, was that it achieved that nice gooey bun/burger melding that is the hallmark of all truly delicious burgers.  Vegetarians, you have another place to try!   As for my Paul Bunyan, it too had that incredible melding of flavors, burger + bun, interplay.   I'd recommend eating the burger partially wrapped in its covering for there's lots going on here, especially when dipped in the aus jus sauce supplied with the Paul Bunyan.  It's a wonderful burger, just enough cheese to not overpower the beef flavor, and the crispy yet buttery bun ties it all together.   It's just plain great.   I couldn't help but think that the only thing that would make it better would be a cold beer.  We'll be back!So, if yer hankerin' for a stuffed burger and don't know where to go, try Jay's Stuffed Burgers, 600 West Ann Arbor Trail, Plymouth, Michigan.   facebook.com/GetStuffedA
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,12/19/2012,160,44,5,6,6>A afternoon of shopping at Somerset and my friend and I were hungry but not up to the noise of hundreds of screaming children running around the 3rd floor Somerset food court. Did all these kids get their Halloween candy early ?? She suggested Kalamata's just around the corner on Crooks and off we went.My first impression was of a Baja Fresh/Qdoba build to order style restaurant. The place was empty at 4 pm on a Sunday so I was not rushed in looking over the menu. And my impression was right.....Greek salad with as little or as much as you wanted (my choice w/ chicken) or a gyro with about 8 or 10 filling options (her choice).A styrofoam cup of chicken lemon rice soup and a fill yourself fountain pop.All was pretty good, the soup was not too much rice and big chunks of chicken. The salad I got was fresh and well proportioned with veggies, feta , olives, dressing and chucks of grilled chicken.I was a little puzzled about the real plates, forks etc and then the soup was served in a styrofoam bowl ... pick a team... disposal or reusable All in all , pretty good and a great alternative to the zoo at Somerset.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,12/18/2012,53,254,8,10,11>I used to be part of the proletariat, drinking whatever was cheap and easy. But time changes a man. Once I grew a little more sophisticated and had a little more change in my pocket, I started to diversify my pallet and seek out the finer, more nuanced and subtle was to get drunk.Vodka is my spirit of choice, and in all of my many travels I can tell you with the pedigree of a vodka specialist, Valentine is my favorite vodka ever. Period. End of story. And while I am pontificating on the smooth, clean, delicious vodka, let me denote that they have a bar to match. My favorite place to imbibe in SE Michigan. It's intimate, swanky and unpretentious. Thank you Valentine, you are a gem and at the top of my list of Things that make Detroit great.
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,12/17/2012,68,148,,6,4>Excellent place to be at any day of the week, but especially Thursdays. Each Thursday a new, carefully concocted keg gets tapped, and the beer will flow until the keg is empty. If you're lucky, your glass of the newly tapped beer will have a sticker at the bottom of the glass for drawings for different prizes. Doug, the brewmaster, will propose a toast as well.Don't expect any beer there to taste like the cheap and nasty stuff you can buy at the store, every beer (except for one, IMO) is an absolute treat. I won't tell you which one  is the exception, you'll have to go and find out. But I guarantee you, you'll know exactly which one it is when you try it. LOL. The food is fabulous. I love the French Dip. The soft pretzel is great, so are the pierogies and sausages.The atmosphere of FSB is relaxed and fun. Everyone is having a great time. The staff is attentive, even Doug will jump in and help out as a host, or even a server, when it gets busy. That makes me enjoy FSB that much more endearing. :-)
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,12/16/2012,80,335,3,5,3>My fav. bar in Ann Arbor & the only one I'll actually drink at. So I should preface this to say I don't drink much--or often--and I'm not a fan of mixing Vodka w/ fruit juices or even beer. Some people call me picky, I say I just don't drink. But...the Last Word has a quality of drink that I can enjoy and definitely worth the $9 price tag for 3 reasons:1st: They know how to balance flavors with quality ingredients.2nd: The glass almost seems unique to the drink served into it. 3rd: The theme (speak easy) is relaxing and classy and intimate and romantic and and...awesome. Thursdays are the best night because they have Live Jazz.Most people/energy between 9pm-11pm. Yes, this rocks.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,12/15/2012,61,111,6,8,4>I've only eaten here once, but I really enjoyed myself! I really miss the much more casual, sort of weird atmosphere of Club Bart, but appreciate that they've preserved the space as much as possible while doing something completely different.We definitely have way too many "upscale" joints opening in Ferndale, but for a romantic dinner out, you could definitely do worse than John D. My husband and I went out for just that after I had been homebound for a few months recovering from surgery, and it was really a nice treat. The main floor was filled with customers, so we got to sit at one of the "artsy" tables above the bar (where Bart's used to have bands). The table was very cool looking but super uncomfortable & the chairs weighed a billion pounds! But it was still sort of fun to sit at the "cool" table and watch the whole place while we ate.The cocktails & food were good, unremarkable enough that I can't remember what we ordered, but good enough that I remember enjoying everything. The service was very excellent - polite, attentive, and fast. I'm only deducting a star because it was really pretty expensive for the quality. Before I was stuck at home, our last dinner out was at Coach Insignia in downtown Detroit. The total bills were about the same at both Coach and John D, but while the food was absolutely devastating at Coach, it was just "very good" at John D. It'll never be my go-to restaurant for anything, but I would definitely go back & would recommend it for a special occasion romantic dinner.
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2012,12/14/2012,142,231,2,7,2>I gotta say, this is one heck of a costume shop.  I've been here several times and have always walked away with a bag full of goodies.   Fantasy Attic has a wide selection of pre-made costumes, random clothing you can use to build your own costume, several catalogues of very authentic costume rentals, and one of the biggest selection of accessories I've ever seen.   To top it off, the people that work there are insanely nice and incredibly helpful.  It's easy to get overwhelmed by everything in this store but they are always ready to help answer questions and find things for you that you may not on your own.Plus, they allow dogs in the store.  Twice I've brought my dog in with me and they have given him lots of love and spoiled him with treats.   At this point I wouldn't consider going anywhere else for any costume needs.
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,12/13/2012,215,177,4,4,4>I'm preaching to the choir here but DAAAAAAYUM, Treat Dreams makes deeeelicious ice cream. The salted caramel is simply extraordinary. I think fireworks went off in my mouth!TD gets down with their marvelously creative selves to offer unique homemade flavors you won't find anywhere else.  Seriously.  Not Ray's, not Washtenaw Dairy and certainly not any of the corporate chains.  Despite being quite full from my rich one-scoop cup, I still wanted to walk out of there with a pint each of avocado chip and strawberry chipotle (pints for pick-up are available in the freezer across from the counter). They also sell sinful looking baked goods (cookies, brownies) and if you want an ice cream sandwich, they'll make one for you! The cast of flavors rotates every week but TD always keeps their most popular ones on the board. If you want a taste of something, they'll happily oblige.Udderly sinful and worth it, oh yes.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2012,12/12/2012,139,856,4,11,6>Hanzo is my absolute favorite restaurant in Michigan.  The 5 stars are unequivocal and indisputable.  There is just no better place to have a meal.The restaurant features various incredible small plates, prepared right in front of your eyes.  The gentlemen behind the counter are craftsmen, and to watch them create your meal is inspiring. There is a permanent menu, a specials menu, and sometimes they have off-menu specials which you should inquire about.  The servers are usually very helpful with recommendations, especially with off-menu items.  It is the kind of place where you should get at least 6 plates for 2 people, or more.  I usually get one tofu dish, a veggie dish, and maybe some udon, but there are countless ways you can fill yourself here.  And, no exaggeration, I've never had anything here that I didn't at least really like.  And there's a very impressive sake, liquor, an beer selection.  Expect a good meal for 2 to run around $60-70, though it's actually invaluable.  This is one of the few places that I will drive 30 minutes - 1 hour for.  The ambiance is private and casual, with 5 or so booths, and and long bar which is a great place for sitting if you want to see the chefs/artists at work.  I still remember the old days when it used to be all smokey, and today it's 1000 times better (if it's possible).  With Sharaku a few yards down the strip, this is  Japanese stripmall heaven.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,12/11/2012,46,56,1,12,4>People call this an old-school 70s type place. I'd call it a steakhouse for the ages. The burgers are of freshly ground meat with decadent toppings. The Wedge Salad is also decadent, although I know that's hard to believe. The steaks and prime rib are excellent - juicy and tender. A tip for the meats is that they come with a number of optional seasonings and you should ask to hear the choices. The meats are well seared on the outside and tender, but having the seasonings seared on when cooked always makes them incredibly good, whether you grill it at home or eat out. The included vegetable when we were last there was corn on the cob, very fresh, sweet, and barely cooked, the way I like it. For the included starch, I usually get the mashed potatoes, real mashed potatoes, mind you, but the baked potato is huge and comes with all the adored toppings. Their house salad is very good, the caprese also, but The Wedge? You will not believe The Wedge.Yes, the clientele has mostly been coming here for years and now you know why; yes the servers are sweethearts, all the cute young men and the seasoned old girls and the young ones too. And yes, if you really have any room, the desserts are great.Oh yes, and the drinks. You only need one and even then just hang on coming downstairs if you sit upstairs. Nuff said.As a side note, I couldn't go here when smoking was allowed. It was really smokey! This is a crowd which likes to drink and probably smoke. But now that smoking is not allowed in Michigan restaurants, none of the decline in formerly smoking and drinking places seems to have occurred. I'm glad of this, and especially glad that I can now go to Knights.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,12/10/2012,74,66,5,6,5>Trying to create ambiance in a traditional shopping plaza restaurant has to be one of the most difficult tasks to master. I'm talking store fronts like, Game Stop, Hallmark, some grocery store and then suddenly a restaurant that is still limited to only front windows and a long interior. You know the spot, most Chinese joints use this atmosphere. Muses Taverna makes an attempt to distract you from your surroundings but it falls flat. There are a few elements that work (the bar for instance seems nice enough) but in general I get the Panera, oozing upscale cafeteria trying to be contemporary, vibe. Fortunately this is the only area where Muses really didn't deliver for me. The service here was excellent. Our waiter was cordial and didn't skimp on any element of attentiveness. His demeanor and how he held himself seemed to almost conflict with the surroundings as I have received similar service at finer establishments. Not complaining - seriously impressed. Upon being seated we were informed they were out of their lemon chicken rice soup which I had been interested in trying, but once we received our meal I realized ordering a side of soup may have been overkill. I had the lamb shank and my partner had the traditional Greek salad - both portions with the sides was more than enough to fill us up. Now let me just pause and say the salads here are crazy fresh and delicious. My side salad was seriously the prettiest one I have EVER had. Like, if I were a side salad I would marry that side salad. It is too bad that as far as main courses go they are pretty much the only option for vegetarians, that fact alone means we probably won't make this a place we frequent often. Okay, moving on. The lamb shank was good but not the best I have had. The meat fell from the bone but had a slight chewiness to it that I wasn't fond of. I was able to get over this because the impressive flavor compensated for the texture. Despite everything though I think our favorite part of dinner was actually the appetizer we ordered - Skordalia. It is a creamy potato with garlic and olive oil which comes with toasted pita triangles. Seriously delicious and not something I have come across in other Greek restaurants (they need to jump on this)!  If you are into gyros then keep in mind that Muses Taverna has a gyro platter that is made in house. They also have about 4 flat screens above their full service bar for those interested in catching a game. Entrees only run between $15-$20 which I found relatively inexpensive for the quality and fresh ingredients, and their lunch menu has even less expensive options available. I could see this place being a great spot to dine for lunch hour. Enjoy!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,12/9/2012,24,125,8,7,4>Ok - this is hipster central - must wear attire is skinny jeans and a beanie, ok,  An upscale grocery store that is very cool, with a lot of overpriced but very good brand items.  The produce section was way overpriced.  $1.99 for one green pepper, yes that is true.  Fresh lox and salmon.  Deli, bakery and coffee, salad bar, it has it all.But this store's doppleganger is Faletti's in NOPA in San Francisco, I hope someone reading this has been there...someone, maybe??  They are both expensive, carry good items, but they have a niche, they are located in a very good spot (where there are no grocery stores, this fills the voids when you live in the neighborhood and can walk to it). Which leads to me to the next point, Whole Foods is coming near this store in Midtown, a couple blocks away.  I asked the clerk if they were worried, and she said "We're not worried about Whole Foods, we don't even consider them competition"...and that worried me..
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2012,12/8/2012,267,274,9,10,6>I have been spoiled. I have lived in various cities that have amazing bakeries. NYC, Chicago, LA. I LIVE for a good bakery. You know...the kind of bakery where you can really tell everything is made with love and care. Yes...Michigan has bakeries but nothing around here really WOW's me. Nothing is really anything to drive out of your way for or get too excited about. UNTIL NOW. First of all I love the decor. Retro bakery yumminess. Kind of reminds me of Sweet Mandy B's in Chicago*.So the goods. How are the goods? SO GOOD. They strive to source ingredients locally and everything is made from scratch. I am such a baked good snob and I am not ashamed to admit it. Especially when it comes to buttercream, french macarons and chocolate chip cookies. This picky snob is here to proclaim that its ALL good. SOOOOOO GOOOOODDDDDD.You may have noticed that my baked good description is on the vague side. That's because I want you to go taste the deliciousness for yourself! I am begging and pleading with you Metro Detroit. PLEASE, do yourself a favor and go buy yourself a sandwich cookie, a cupcake or a croissant. Go pack on a couple LB's for the winter and support a local business. Please. You can thank me later.--------------------*Sweet Mandy B's - yelp.com/biz/sweet-mandy
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,12/7/2012,151,160,3,6,4>This charming little place is tucked away in a store front on the main drag.The inside is brightly decorated without being overpowering.Chips and salsa was delightful. The chips were crisp and light. The salsas were fresh, but the hot had alot of kick. So if you are not accustomed to caliente stay with the mild.The guac was equally good.   My enchiladas were supreme. The chicken was made with white meat. The beef I think was ground round. Topped with a just right spiced sauce and just enough cheese but not too much to take away the flavors. The refried beans were creamy. Rice was ok.The hubbs stated his tostado and taco were some of the best he has ever had.Dessert was fried ice cream and it gives my fav Los Galanes a run for their money.The coffee was the real surprise. It is brewed with cinnamon sticks added.Yum!No alcohol is served here!  The staff is smiling, friendly and helpful.Many return trips here!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2012,12/6/2012,150,273,4,4,3>I can't believe i'm going to say this, BUT LC blew Lupitas out of the water with their "traditional" mexican tacos! They were sooooo frackin good! I tried the exact same flavors that I tried at Lupes (Al pastor, lengua, beef cheek) and they surpassed my expectation. They were served steaming hot. For $1.59 totally good price for portion. Nice size corn tortillas and cooked to perfection. The meat in each of the tacos was flavorful, moist, perfect texture and cut. NO FAT. I was in heaven and devoured these delectable treats quickly and easily! We ordered a side of beans and albeit flavorful, they were served lukewarm. Next time, I would return them to be heated.Hubs ordered a quesadilla (thinking american version) and was delightfully surprised when a beautiful empanada type treat appeared before him. The picadillo was very flavorful (cumin, coriander, cinnamon...) The tortilla shell was crisp and crunchy. YUM!The salsas (small hot red, small green and large bowl of traditional) were okay. They had flavor, but I wish the traditional had some additional heat to it. The chips were nice and crunchy with the right amount of salt. THe place is small. Service was done with a smile, but they weren't really chit chatty and didn't appreciate my humor (or what I perceive to be my humor..lol) I thought it was odd that the waitress asked if my husband and I wanted to split our bill or one bill. Did she think we were married to other people and there on a tryst? (we have wedding bands) Did she think hubs was my dad? (he is 15 years older and has grayed quite a bit...LOL)NO DOUBT we will return!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2012,12/5/2012,226,699,,14,7>I always enjoyed Via Nove (though I may be one of the few) so I'm totally geeked to have Local take its place and raise the bar throughout Metro Detroit. There's no getting around it, the prices are a little steep for some of the platings but their craft cocktails are very competitively marked.We were greeted as we walked in by a smiling host who sat us offering dining room or patio seating. The decor inside is cozy and fresh with the renovations made to this space inviting more warmth to the room than it previously held. We opted to sit outside to take in bustling 9 mile and given we were there early, gain a little privacy as the dining room filled. The patio, even while it was drizzly and overcast was perfectly enchanting. And with the smell of the wood burning fireplace carrying through the air it was that much more inviting.Kenzie was our server, and she was amazingly gracious and helpful offering tips about the menu while adding her own two cents on dishes and cocktails. We started with the Fried Green Tomatoes, which I've never had anywhere before and in fact I'm not a fan of tomatoes but these promised to be tart and crispy and the pepper jam embellishing the plate was the perfect accompaniment along with the goat cheese cream. These were truly TREMENDOUS! No sooner I noticed that they didn't have any bread to snack on, a server brought out two mini corn muffins and a ball of Orange compound butter. As I thought about it, it made perfect sense. Why spoil appetites with an entire basket when you can offer a refined teaser before the entree. Whether this was by design or oversight, the timing was impeccable. The muffins were delectable and the butter, while too cold to spread was so good, why would you want to go easy on spreading it anyway. The busser did remove the half muffin left on the plate without asking before I could finish but I should've spoken up because they were really good!Onto the entree...we shared the Pig Platter. Prepare yourself if you're eating alone, the plate is covered in a large slab of Porchetta (I'd equate it to herb rubbed tenderloin with the skin left on and roasted to the point of crisping), Chicharones, BBQ pulled pork and seared Pork Belly all covered in a vibrant crispy slaw...check out the pic. And while it was all deliciously unctuous I've got to give a nod to Cork for still having the best belly in town with Local's coming in a very close second. We opted for a side of Poutine (fries covered in brown mushroom gravy and cheese curds) to finish up the main. Their craft cocktail list was only 6 deep but well thought out. I started with the Local cocktail featuring Bourbon, lemon juice, simple syrup with a Malbec float. It was not only gorgeous but one of the best cocktails I've ever had, refreshing and light - A must try! I also tried the Miles Davis which you may find a little heavy on cucumber but also refreshing and light.Some other highlights that I'll keep in mind when ordering next...the Pappardelle, the Burger, the Chicken Fried Chicken and the Standing Ovation cocktail.Needless to say, Local is coming together nicely. Service was top notch, the food and cocktails amazing and the ambiance unlike any other in Ferndale.And at the end of the meal they left the check with a questionnaire/suggestion card which I love, assuring me that management is interested in making the experience better and better. The only suggestion, the fries in the Poutine were a little underdone and got soggy quick, perhaps gravy on the side and poured on at the table by the server? Just a thought. Well Done!! And welcome!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,12/4/2012,62,61,3,7,3>This place is great AND has many vegan options!I've been on quite an Indian street food kick lately. I recently stopped in with some girlfriends on a Sunday afternoon.  We were the only ones there at the time, although the dish bin suggested we far from the day's first customers.  We took menu suggestions from the very warm, friendly woman behind the counter and didn't regret it in the least!  I had the quinoa-lentil wrap roll and ordered the samosa wrap and the Kate's Surprise to-go to share with my husband.  I will note that just a wrap on itself isn't necessarily enough to fill you up for lunch - it is street food.  For a more hearty meal I would pair it with another lighter menu item or share several plates with friends.  Know the prices are reasonable and reflect the portions.My fav: the chutney that came with the Kate's Surprise was amazing!  I could have eaten three times the amount all on it's own with a spoon.This was my first time to the Hut-K Chaats on Packard although I've frequented the Hut-K cart at Mark's Carts.  It was nice to have the expanded menu at the Packard street location, as well as enjoy a nice quiet place to sit and enjoy my food.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,12/3/2012,173,266,3,4,5>It was date night and we wanted to try a new place. This was the winner. We love the location. It's situated in a plaza full of yummy new places to try. We were surprised to find only 2 other party dining there. Our waitress was very attentive. The owner came over to talk to us. He was very nice and friendly. We ordered, sashimi app, yellowtail cheek or collarbone, and the first roll under their specialty section. I forgot the name, for good reason. It was the only thing that wasn't good. I believe it was wrapped in soy sheet which they called white seaweed? Idk. It tasted bad. Oh the spicy salmon handrolls were really good. The extra point they get is for having boba tea! Very hard to find a good boba place. We had their milk tea and they serve it slushed style here. Yum! Seriously most everything we ordered were good minus that roll. We will be back next time we're in the area. ^^
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/2/2012,50,136,2,2,4>I've been to a lot of museums in different cities, and I can say that the DIA is one of the best.  Lest you think I'm biased, my aunt visited during a recent trip and *literally* could not stop talking about what a fantastic time she'd had for the rest of the afternoon.  She's from Chicago and has traveled all over the world, so if you can't take it from me, take it from her :-)I feel like I see something new every time I come here (although the Rivera Court is my favorite--you *must* go there).  I especially love their special exhibits--the Fakes, Forgeries, and Mysteries exhibit they had two years ago is up there on the list of my favorite special exhibits ever (yes, I have a list--I'm an art nerd).  My mom and I went to the Rembrandt & the Face of Jesus exhibit last year and because it was so busy I actually used the headphones that they hand out (even though I'm a grown-up I still feel super-dorky wearing them).  Turns out, they teach you a lot on those headphone recordings, and I turned into my aunt, as I couldn't shut up about what I learned for several days afterward.I highly recommend going on a Friday night, when they have special "Friday Night Live" programming and the museum is open until 10pm.  It's usually a musical group, but last year during Halloween they had a acrobatic group that was simply amazing.  They also offer regular art classes for children and adults.  I took my first class with a friend and we learned how to make luminaries in just a few hours.  The instructor was knowledgeable and you got admission to the museum included in the price (this was before the millage passed making it free for Oakland, Wayne, and Macomb county residents).  In addition to the classes you register for in advance, they also do drop-in workshops throughout the week, in addition to lots of other programming.  There's always something to do, so go become an art fanatic like me!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,12/1/2012,60,86,,7,4>What's the best part about Korean restaurants?  Side dishes!  I love this little place.  It's a great sign when everyone else is Korean and the menu is small.  Tofu House specializes in Soondubu, so don't come here looking for Korean barbeque.  The stew is hot, spicy, and filled with nourishing tofu, and of course -- a freshly cracked egg.  Perfect comfort food.  It's also comes with your personal little fried fish for a little extra protein. But it's the side dishes (banchan) that I was really impressed with.  It's not that there are a lot.  Maybe 6.  But each one is of excellent quality.  I want to know where they get their kimchi, because it's fantastic.  As good as I've ever had.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,11/30/2012,39,113,4,10,3>These are the most amazing croissants I've had outside of France. The almond is so delicious that I always eat it in tiny bites to make it last as long as possible. Perhaps the folks who don't have great things to say about Le Petit don't appreciate the subtle flavors and variations in texture of a perfect croissant? The couple that owns the bakery are very sweet and friendly and make you feel welcome. Sure, the hours are slightly inconvenient and the decor is a bit dated, but I feel like it only adds to the special-ness and charm of the place. If they were open past 6pm, I might be driving up to Birmingham after work to eat a platter of almond croissants for dinner...Also: When I was a kid, my dad gave me a hand-made chocolate squirrel from Le Petit Prince that was so pretty I couldn't eat it. They make really lovely little custom-order chocolates and I once tried a wedding cake from here (lemon cake with raspberry jam and lemon buttercream) that was the best wedding cake I've ever had.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,11/29/2012,89,191,12,5,6>Am I the only one who thought when my friend invited me to a place called "Sugarbush" it was going to be a strip club?I am?  Only one?  Ooooooooooookay, moving on...So, imagine if you will...that someone took a Ram's Horn (or some other, non-descript family-style diner/restaurant of your choosing)...and put a full service bar in it.  That's pretty much what the interior looks like.But don't let that fool you, you should absolutely get here if you're trolling around the area, especially any time there's a game involving a team from the state of Michigan playing.  Tigers.  Lions.  College teams.  Whatever.  If it's on TV, it counts.And why does that matter?Because that's when all of your orders of wings get doubled, that's why.  So, you wind up getting 26 wings for $10...and these are fairly good sized, decent wings.  Both boneless (which, come on...aren't even "wings"...they're glorified kids chicken nuggets and we all know it...and we're all totally judging you for it while you're eating them) and bone-in wings.And I double dog dare you to try their "Hell" sauce.  Seriously.  Double.  Dog.  Dare.  I like hot food...Indian?  No problem.  Thai?  Extra hot, please.  Szechuan?  You betcha.  Jalapenos?  Brush my teeth with 'em.I was not prepared for the Hell sauce.  Quite literally takes your breath away...and then, just to finish the job, points a blowtorch down your throat and moves your beer across the bar while you struggle to reach it and gasp for air.Now, the best part of this is are the bartenders and waitresses.  Because these ladies are not only cute and fun, but they have a lively sense of humor and have absolutely no problem joking along with you no matter what the topic is...or mocking you while there's enough sweat running off your forehead to fill a birdbath in 2.8 seconds.  Once I regained the ability to see, they were there waiting for me with a knowing "I tooooooooooooooold you sooooooooooooooooooooooo" and laughter.  Gotta love it.  I expected nothing more or less, and they're just awesome to chat and banter with throughout the night.So if you find yourself down around 10 mile and I-94, I'd definitely recommend popping on in.  And if you're feelin' froggy, you go on ahead and jump towards some Hell wings.Don't say I didn't warn you.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,11/28/2012,833,231,2,7,3>Well I'll guess i'll add my 2 cents (after 50+ reviews for what it's worth)Late Saturday I was itching for a bite and decided to give Imperial a try (it's literally right down the street).I'm glad I avoided all of the opening hoopla. I love the minimalist set up and the big open spaces. The seating arrangements and food service is supposed to encourage community, sharing and getting to know your neighborhood. The restaurant's spaces are very trendy/forward the front room carried a lot of energy, the rooms towards the patio were more subdued. In regards to the staff and service I had no issues, it's seat your self however I saw the staff helping larger groups get situated (AHEM John D!) We received our drinks promptly, our food very promptly and we didn't have to hang around forever waiting for the check. In regards to the food I'd have to say out of the four tacos I tried the Al Pastor was my favourite, savoury and sweet with a little heat! Drink wise the ring of fire cocktail was a pleasant surprise...The owner Jeff came by right as we were wrapping up to find out how things went. (what else could you ask for)In regards to some of the reviews posted I think some people are missing the point. The place is supposed to be casual... Imperial is a place where you can throw something (really anything) on, meet a group of people and share some drinks and a couple of (very good) tacos.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,11/27/2012,181,189,6,16,10>So I confirmed that this place is legit in my last review. Well I just got a true confirmation few weeks ago.My Korean father and his friend came to Detroit for a visit and they are true Koreans... like hardly speaks english and they live in NY and every restaurant we went in Detroit area, they complained that it wasn't good as NY. For lunch one day, I took them to Korea Palace because they were wanting korean food. I was nervous that they would hate it cause it's not like Seoul or NY... well, they loved it! We got grilled mackerel, kalbi-tang (spicy short rib soup), and stri fried kimchi/porkbelly... My dad and his feiend said the kalbi tang was one of the best they had. No complaints...I think this is a great confirmation that my original review for this place was spot on.. :)I could eat here everyday.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,11/26/2012,192,175,9,11,9>Words can't express my love for the torch of Club Bart breakfast being carried still. I was ecstatic when Cantina Diablo's brought it back, despite the weirdness of eating American breakfast in a sea of red neon, but am even more thrilled to have it at OEB's complete with specials!The redecorating makes the space open and inviting--the constant glow of 24+ flat screens isn't ever present as it was in CD. The open floor plan makes it easy enough for the restaurant for the accommodate larger parties with greater ease. It also makes the huge bar even more evident without the half walls and obstacles previously posed.This morning Yelp fan favorite Ryan L. and I went to brunch so I could show him the changes since he's been in sunny CA. I was elated to see the Breakfast Enchilada topping the special's menu along with a Polish omelet complete with perogies (what Ryan ordered) and the oatmeal sundae complete with piles of berries. I knew my mind was set after spying my saucy love that is the Breakfast Enchilada. I swoon.When I checked into OEB's there was a FB offer for 50% off the my first drink too, so as a double bonus I ordered a Beermosa, which was only $3.00 at half off. The Beermosas may be the easiest drinking beer drink I've ever had. So pleasant and refreshing. Also note, OEB's is offering endless mimosas from 9-2 for $12.00. If memory serves this is the same deal that La Dolce Vita has but OEB's has food you'd actually want to eat. You may not have the fun courtyard but the music they play is top notch and there are pinball machines!Food was delivered promptly--I think that people are still unaware it's a Brunch option--so let's keep it our special secret because there's nothing I hate more than waiting a half an hour for Brunch in a cramped space that's crazy busy. OEB's was busy but without a wait which made it easy enough to relax and take in The Flintstones and Looney Toons that were on the television. When Space Jam came on it brought about thoughtful discuss as to what the Hell the movie was actually about. Our server was perfectly attentive, friendly, and on top of refilling my coffee, Deo Gratias! The Enchilada was heavenly and huge. I honestly think I'll be full for the next 8 hours. That's the way breakfast should be, despite that I want to curl up and sleep. They are also still making their own veggie sausage which might be some of the finest in the area. A neighboring table asked what we were eating and one of the girls also ordered the Enchilada. When I left I asked how she was enjoying it, and she was so excited about it; I think the excitement is infectious. I hope there's never a cure. I need to get back to OEB's sometime when it's not Brunch time so I can have their lunch/dinner fare. I want their onion rings--I bet they're divine. I also want their beer. All of it.  Keep it up Betty, we'll get you an eye someday. Or at least a fancy eyepatch.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,11/25/2012,70,153,5,9,5>Adrienne is my kind of chick.  Gorgeous, hilarious, and talented as hell, I made two appointments with her sight unseen after reading Carole's review and am damn glad I did.  I should throw in that these appointments were for my wedding!  I then quickly Googled her, and with one look I knew to just leave my cut, style, and makeup to her scissor and wand-wielding prowess, as this girl's got style.    The place is easy to find, the decor smart and sparkly.  I was also pleased to see that the area is undergoing a serious revamping.    Both times upon entering, I was greeted by a sweet receptionist-the one even got online and found me alternate directions home to avoid a traffic snarl.  And then there's Adrienne.  I liked her right away, the perfect combo of professional and fun.  LOVE her and will be going back.  She asks the right questions to get an idea of what you want, but also gives advice, which I was very open to.  I pretty much let her do her bouffant-teasin' fake eyelash gluin' beauty thing, and walked out of there with time to spare, looking and feeling like a million bucks!  It's a bit pricier than I'm used to, but simply put, she's worth it!  A great experience.
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,11/24/2012,2657,302,,7,5>It was one of the days where everyone was in a funk.  The wife didn't make much in tips, the oldest boy was mad because he couldn't go to a party in Canton, and the younger 2 boys were so bored they had me pulling out my hair! So we decided to pile in the car & hit American Pie! I love the decor, surf board benches, Blues brothers, Statue of Liberty, and a wall of Americana Photos. The food is creative & always fresh. Plenty of salad options, with decent dressings in a squeeze bottle. Fresh pasta & "Mama's" sauces with fresh bread sticks. The Pizza Buffet is pretty kick ass in my opinion, Coney Dog, Jalapeno popper, B.L.T., Nacho Supreme, Mac n' Cheese, BBQ Chicken, A very tasty square pizza, Meat lovers, Hawaiian & 3 Cheese Pizza. The desserts were very tasty too, peach cobbler, cinnamon, chocolate & a very unique lemon coconut pizza that didn't look to appealing but tasted really good. After we sent the kids to go play in the arcade with a roll of quarters (that lasted 2 minutes) the wife & I got a chance to sit & relax in piece in quiet. Chef Jordan does a fine job, if you haven't checked this place out... Don't be shy! Try American Pie.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2012,11/23/2012,59,121,3,7,5>I never really thought one way or the other about The Rattlesnake until I moved into the city. Not really sure why, just not a place that had ever popped up on my radar as a place to try. I'm kind of regretting that now...I come in for dinner or drinks about once a month on average and I've gotta say that each experience has been extremely enjoyable. The staff are total pros with a great attitude and sense of humor, especially David and Farouk behind the bar.Personal favorites on the menu include:-Five-Spiced Ahi Tuna-Calamari and Rock Shrimp Fry-Grilled Barbecue Jumbo Gulf Shrimp-Garlicky Spinach-Diver Sea Scallops-Ahi Tuna Steak-Nova Salmon Steak(The Garlicky Spinach is actually *so* good, I've tried to re-create it at home... I think I'm about 70% there after a couple of tries. So delicious!)The atmosphere on the dining room side of things is generally quiet and elegant. A gentleman with a basket of bread will come around throughout the meal and let you select what you'd like to try. The wait staff is always on-point and make wonderful recommendations if you're still trying to decide on an entree. At the bar, you never know who you'll run into. It's generally a mix of couples out for a romantic dinner, young and middle-aged professionals out for a drink or company dinner and a peppering of Detroit's movers and shakers in politics, sports, music and more. During the warmer months, there is also an adorable patio to dine on!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,11/22/2012,94,292,5,8,4>When in Hamtramck, isn't it a sin not to try a polish place, especially one that was featured on Diners Drive-ins and Dives. This was an evening of food and left with probably 3000 more calories than when I came into the place.The first to come out was the the PLACEK PO WEGIERSKU, or Hungarian Pancake. It is one large potato pancake covered in a pork and vegetable Goulash, with a kick of spice. It is a meal to its own, except when you are with my group, it is just the appetizer and split among all of us. The pancake is good and crispy like a potato pancake should be, while still soft in the middle. It does have a stronger potato flavor, which I'm use to some being a little more mild, so be prepared. The Goulash is hearty and thick with a wonderful pork flavor broth. The vegetables are stewed together with the meat so they're wonderfully soft, but still flavorful.Excellent, we're off to a great start.Now for the NALESNIKI Z GRZYBAMI, or Mushroom Crepe.  I didn't particularly think this was a home-run or even a triple.  It's good, crepe cooked well, but not sweetened enough. The mushrooms inside are not plentiful, but I can't help think they are canned mushrooms, I could be wrong, but they had that soaked canned texture that really is so common among canned goods. Ah, time to move onto the next dish that comes in front of me.The Dill Pickle Soup arrives and surprises everyone, including myself.  I was expecting a slight dill flavor, but received a soup that you could have literally said, I think I'm eating a strong dill pickle. The dill immediately hit you and then the flavor finished with that vinegar pickle flavor. It also had a nice creamy consistency.No one else wanted to try the CZARNINA, or Duck Blood Soup. I eventually did get one person to try it, after explaining the flavor, and we both really enjoyed it. I could easily order it again. I anticipated in tasting the iron and mineral flavor from the blood, but quite the contrary. There is a balance of sweet and sour, with both sugar and vinegar used with the blood to help mask the flavor. It also had chunks of plums in it to sweeten it up. It is traditionally, no exception in this case, prepared with small noodles similar to chicken noodle soup. I think this should be a definite inclusion in your order, worth trying.If I wasn't full by now, I would continue eating, which I did. I warned you, it was an eating fest. The last of the appetizers arrived being the mixed pierogi plate. All are prepared right there in Hamtramck. It has a variety of fillings, I recommend all of them. Not a single one had an unfamiliar flavor, all prepared well with the crispy outside and delicious soft inside. Some are potato and cheese, others just cheese, and lastly some are sauerkraut. After all of us trying to figure out what kind of cheese it is, we finally asked turned out to be cottage cheese. Hmm, interesting.Finally for dinner, which I can barely eat anything else, comes the SUROWA KIELBASA W SOUSIE PIWNYM or sausage in a beer sauce. The sausage has the wonderful natural casing allowing it to "snap" when you cut into it. The sauce was heavy, strong and rich, but not a strong and even a subtle beer flavor. That was unfortunate. What lacked in the sauce the sausage made up in flavor. It had a nice blend of spices, and thought it had a better flavor than the smoked sausage that someone else ordered. The mashed potatoes, were just mashed potatoes, nothing special or to die for. The corn can go along with the potatoes, it also was just basic corn. I could have done without both of them. The sauerkraut was traditional and authentic. It was slowly cooked and had a wonderful vinegar flavor and wasn't over cooked to take on that soggy texture. It still had the crunch it needed.3000 calories reached, thank you Polish Village
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,11/21/2012,196,355,5,10,6>I don't know how anyone could give this less than 4 stars.  Honestly.  I've been to Shatila's a half dozen times over the course of several months, and I can say with some confidence that - as far as ice cream and pastries go - this IS as good as it gets.  Like good enough that their ice cream has been nationally recognized by Saveur magazine.  Walking into Shatila's is a combination of walking into an oasis and walking into Willie Wonka's chocolate factory.  The round building is beautifully appointed, featuring  palm trees in the seating area that reach up toward the atrium ceiling, and a marble wall with fountain behind the counter.The array of pastries is jaw dropping.  You can choose between a seemingly endless array of Middle Eastern or French pastries, each more beautiful than the last.  Generously sized individual portions are only $1.50.  Unbelievable!The Middle Eastern selections tend to be sweeter than the French pastries, most of which feature a delighfully fluffy, lightly sweetened cream that is one of the best tasting things ever!  Don't forget to get a scoop of ice cream.  You can't go wrong with any of the flavors, but the three that are truly unparalleled are kashta, which has a light rose-petal flavor, apricot, which tastes more apricot than an apricot, and pistachio.  I'm telling you, this place is worth a visit, even if it's out of your way.  Plan a day around it; you won't be sorry!
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2012,11/20/2012,132,325,9,8,6>nom, nom, nom.i'm currently carbing up on potato curry from may's for the detroit free press marathon (on a relay, this fat girl can't run 23 miles) and writing this review. i always went to bangkok cafe in ferndale because it was convenient and i liked the decor better. may's looks like a bum put it together. my friend introduced me to may's one day and told me i must have the potato curry. i don't think its on the menu either. actually it is, i just didn't think it would be called kang kalee. well, forget all that and order the potato curry (i add chicken). its sauce is creamy and really well spiced. the potatoes, amazing. i also think they are just frozen crinkle cut potatoes elevated to legendary status. this meal is so darn good. i can't tell you how good it is. everyone who eats it becomes a convert. like potato nuns, sworn to eat potatoes in creamy curry sauce.i have eaten the same meal three times this week alone. plus it only costs 6 dollars for a dinner. that's it. 6 dollars even. best deal evah!love, juston.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,11/19/2012,221,215,5,6,6>thank you little z's for being close to home and making me dream of mac and cheese!this place is legit! my fiance and i have the rib and chicken combo with 2 sides. mac and cheese and the home fries! it was the kind of first bite where your eyes pop open and the person your with gets excited because they know by the look of pure pleasure on your face that they soon will be happy too!so if you are looking to sit down and stuff your face you may not have a seat because this place lacks tables but makes up for it 10 fold in service and quality!!you will be greeted with a big smile and a welcome hello and treated like you are family!if you cant find a seat get a carry out but drive home fast because im pretty sure you will not be able to resist the temptation of eating it in the car and that could be bad!!go to little z's try everything! make sure you dont have plans after because you are going to be a happy stuffed piggy after and ready for a nap!!just go!!
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,11/18/2012,219,1029,,3,4>My first time! I had a lot of fun and it sure makes me love Michigan a bit more seeing how there are a lot of random outdoor fun things to do!When we went there wasn't much water so it made getting the metal canoe moving really hard. If it hasn't rain for a while go for a kayak. It is easier to paddle in those and much more comfy. I definitely would like to come back! Bring sunscreen! The website said there would be lockers but I didn't see any. There are bathrooms at the beginning and I believe at the end.
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2012,11/17/2012,60,247,2,4,2>Thanks to my new Android phone and my fellow Yelpers, I had the good fortune to happen upon this place for a quick bite between a dentist appointment and a rehearsal.  At first glance, Burrito Mundo appears similar to a Qdoba or Baja Fresh gone small.  A closer look reveals a more original take on the burrito.  My veggie mundo, for instance, had black beans, guacamole - and potatoes.  Many dishes had special ingredients like cabbage or goat cheese.  There were jicama salads and coconut desserts.  The prep,  too, was not the standard assembly line slap job.  My burrito was well folded and stay closed in transit.  All in all, it was a fine fast, but not too fast, food experience.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,11/16/2012,134,652,,4,3>24 inch pizza?  Yup, it's called Big Ben... ordered 2 (yup TWO) big Ben and 4lb of wings - hot... yup, yup... lot of food!  I had to load the pizza in my trunk (thank goodness for SUV's)... man the smell was killing us as we headed back to my friends apartment.My friends from Korea were stunned and surprised at how large the pizza was and how delicious it was!  We ended up finished one of the big ben and the 4lb of wings and the friends ate the leftovers for breakfast the next morning.I wish they have Benito's one by my house... or maybe not... because I think I would order it once a week if it was close by....
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,11/15/2012,148,349,,7,5>Yum! It is about time for Edward's to receive some recent love. I noticed most reviews date from a while back so I feel it is up to me to let you know that in October '12 this place is still a great place to enjoy friends and noms. Edward's pretty much has anything I could ever ask for. Homemade soups, sandwiches, salads, pastasalads and SWEETS! Holy crap do they have a selection of baked goods. Hailing from Europe, I get excited browsing the chalkboard menu with its European feel. I like finding restaurants/bistro's/cafe's that think outside the box, and serve up an inspired variety of foods versus the same old same. Roast beef and boursin, turkeybreast and gorgonzola cheese, balsamic glazed caramelized onions and basil cream.. Most, if not all products are homemade and ingredients are locally sourced. And I am all for that! Breads and pastries are homemade, they even make their own gougere bread used in many of their sandwiches. Gougere is a *rare* French pastry/bread, made of choux pastry and folded with grated cheese (Parmesan and Asiago at Edwards's though often Gruyere is used as well). Among the sweets are cheesecakes, lemon and seasonal (such as pumpkin) bars, chocolate pastries and.. They even have macarons. Ma-ca-rons. Yeah. The bomb!I love Northville and I love this little place. Thankfully we frequent the nearby bakery, and end up stopping in for lunch here. I'm a fan of the vegetarian basil sandwich with above mentioned onions, lettuce, tomato, havarti cheese and basil cream on a fresh baquette. Being a sucker for anything basil, the pesto pasta salad is a happy addition to my meal also. Sandwiches are served with chips amd homemade onion dip. I hate onion dip (ewwww soggy chips with salty sour cream!) but could not get enough of these.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,11/14/2012,64,71,11,7,5>I had no idea what to expect. What is a Frita? What is a Batido? Why is someone drinking out of a plastic bag?  Why is everything white? Why are there so many people here?After shutting down the spanish inquisition that had stealthily barged into my logic circuits, I just started to read the walls to answer my questions and consume the atmosphere, and realized that I was about to enjoy something special no matter what it really was.This stuff is good. I am ecstatic about Fritas because they resemble Tortas at my favorite taqueria.  Great bread and great ingredients make for amazing results.  I opted for the Chorizo Frita gone Loco (muenster, sunny side egg, cilantro-lime salsa, and tropical coleslaw).  Oh my was this messy and oh so good.  I had to opt to use my fork for most of it, but it didn't matter.  It was really good.  I wanted to do it all over again right away.I had the mocha batido and my wife had the coconut.  Both were really good, though I favor the coconut myself.I can't wait to go back.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,11/13/2012,63,147,3,3,3>I am in love.Great Lakes Coffee, your espresso and (soy) milk is the coffee that I've been looking for so desperately, but, until now, just wasn't finding in Detroit. I feel a bit of shame that it took me so long to move you from my "I need to try" list to my "I've tried" list, because now I feel like I've been missing out for SO long.I love your interior, your whole vibe, really... I don't mean to be too forward, but... will you marry me?
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,11/12/2012,63,73,3,5,7>I generally judge chicken shawarma sandwiches by one fairly simple criterion: does it taste like chicken shawarma is SUPPOSED to taste?  If it's juicy, heavily marinated in spices, packed with wonderful charred flavors from hours of spit-roasting, and accompanied by a sauce that compliments the flavor, then it's passes.  If it's dry, with little flavor other than a vaguely grilled taste, and with a mediocre (or non-existent) sauce -- like the vast majority of chicken shawarma sandwiches in the universe -- then it fails.Mr. Kabob's chicken shawarma passes, with flying colors.  You know it's good when a garlicky, juicy, spice-inflected, brown saucy goodness collects at the bottom of the pita while you're eating it.  It gathers there at the base, assuring you that the last bite, no matter how full you are, will be the best one.  My dining partner, who's not from the area and had never tried chicken shawarma before, remarked, "damn, now I'll be craving these things."The garlic sauce that we ordered as a side was wonderfully creamy and not-too-overwhelming in flavor, and I've heard great things about the falafel and hummous.  I've only been a couple times, but Mr. Kabob will keep the 5 stars until a lack of consistency reveals itself, or until I find a shawarma haven that makes this place look bad.It's already been mentioned a thousand times, so I don't need to describe the ambiance (what ambiance?), but the place isn't designed as a sit-down restaurant, so who cares?  Pick up your food at the counter to the right of the entrance, pay at the gas station's main checkout area, then drive home and crush said food.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,11/11/2012,26,46,3,3,4>This place is hands down amazing super fantastic. As soon as we walked in we knew we would like the place. It just had a vibe that was relaxed, welcoming, and unique. Not pretentious, but not a dive. Our waitress was very sweet and prompt - kept our drinks coming for our party of 7, and was open to our many questions. We got there just in time before a crowd roared in - and this was on a Thursday. The waitress said the media attention has made their business surge. Now to the food:The poutine is amazing. 7 years ago my husband and I discovered this Canadian 'delicacy' on our honeymoon and its nice to find a place that really knows how to serve it. Husband had the mac and cheese - I tried a bite. It had just the right amount of kick and was perfectly creamy. The sliders: I tried the curry chicken and mystery meat. I'm not a fan of the curry chicken - I think I was expecting something else, but it was just a little bland for me. Mystery meat that night was beef tongue. I decided to be adventurous and I'm glad I did - it was fantastic. My husband wouldn't kiss me for a while afterwards, apparently he was a bit turned off by the whole me eating a tongue thing, but it was well worth it in the end. :) Husband had 3 sliders: Corned beef, lamb, and I think something that was on special. He said the lamb was the best, although he's anxious to try to regular old cheeseburger slider next time we go. Our friends tried the waitresses favorite, the Hot Brown. They loved it. A few ordered more right away. Nice drink selection - great strong mixed drinks. I tried a few of their own concoctions which were $3 each and plenty tasty but finished up the night with my regular old gin and club soda which was a surprising $2. Uh - thank you?! The guys were very happy with the beer menu which has a ton of choices. The bill can add up quick when you want to try so much but in the end we were thrilled with the result. We can't wait to go back - although be sure to get there early because I have a feeling that the hype isn't going to die down anytime soon.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,11/10/2012,106,77,4,4,4>So, as far as BBQ goes, Slows is awesome.  I regularly frequent Slows to Go, and will use this as a proxy for Slows BBQ in Cork Town.  With the same food, the same delicious sauces, and a bit more in options...it's the way to go.  But, with a baby, and a need for good BBQ without the capacity to sit down and eat as much as I like...STG is an incredible option!I have not disliked anything I've had here.  I love Slows because it is what it is. They use great products, make incredibly delicious meals, and have a simple brilliance to what they do.  The Reason may be favorite sandwich ever.  The salty pickles, the delicious pulled pork, that sweet vinegar sauce, and slaw...it's amazing.  The Yardbird and the Maryann are also awesome...but the all compare little to the Triple Threat.  This coronary eruption waiting to happen is my idea of what a last meal ought to be.  The delicious pulled pork, topped with delicious ham, topped with delicious Applewood smoked bacon...forget about it...this is where the rubber meets the road (and often you head the pavement, as there is food coma following this monstrosity of meat).  The problem with slows is that...as good as the brisket is, or the pulled pork, or the chicken...the sides are nearly better. The Mac n' Cheese is where it really begins and ends.  This is the best Mac ever.  Whatever addictive syrup they put in this stuff...I'd like more.  it's tangy and delicious, and unlike any mac I've ever had.  My wife and I will often pick up just the Mac n' Cheese, or if we're having sandwiches or other entrees, get enough Mac so that we have a few extra meals over the next few days...this is the stuff you write home about, but never share.  Sharing is not an option when it's this amazingly good.  The slaw and beans are incredible as well.  I love the fact that they often have unique sauces that you can try.  The mainstays are great, but the Cola is one of my favorites.  There are often places that are hyped up because people just want to be a part of that conversation. Then, there are places like this, which are exactly what you expect them to be.  if you're looking for take out BBQ that is unrivaled, this is the place.  If you want the sit down...south and east a ways, and you'll find what you're looking for!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2012,11/9/2012,250,223,1,12,7>If I want to blow some cash on dinner, this is my absolute favorite place to do it. Consistently good food with attention to detail, as well as excellent service.At our last adventure to the Iron Chef restaurant, I started out with gazpacho. Often, gazpacho tastes like somebody put garden fresh salsa in a blender and dumped it in a bowl. This was ..... exquisite. It was well balanced, with smoky eggplant and fresh tomatoes. It was garnished with a flash fried squash blossom that was stuffed with goat cheese. Go back and read that last sentence again. Now picture it. Yep, it was as good as you've pictured it. Probably better.My entree was the filet mignon with crab bernaise.   Yeah, I know, not the most exciting thing on the menu, but the beast of the day was pork (it usually is) and I was feeling like a chunk of half raw red meat covered in creamy crab deliciousness. And it didn't disappoint. It was a perfect medium rare, with a carmel-ly steakhouse crust that says "I was cooked on a million degree grill." The crab bernaise had massive chunks of crab. Our sides were mashed potatoes and mac and cheese. The mac and cheese is made with goat cheese and rosemary. Frickin' awesome.For dessert, hubby and I split the the Lemon Thyme Shortbread with salt and pepper custard and berries. Yeah, I know it sounds weird. Trust me, run with scissors and order it. You won't regret it. The wine list/drink menu was on a tablet. That was fun to play with. That aside, the beverages and bottle of wine was excellent. You won't be disappointed by this place.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,11/8/2012,258,354,,6,3>Delicious baked goods, made fresh from local ingredients.  I haven't had anything from here that isn't completely tasty, and the folks behind the counter here are as friendly as can be.  Avalon set up shop in Detroit long before it became cool to come back to the city again, and they have deservedly grown into a Midtown institution. The tiny space makes it difficult to grab seating around lunch time, and the handful of parking spaces in front are full more often than not.  Still, I can't be mad at them for being busy and successful - they have an excellent product! Follow them on Facebook, sometimes they give away freebies.  :)
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2012,11/7/2012,58,175,4,5,5>My (Greek) husband wanted to eat here on the way home from shopping, and since we've been anticipating the opening, we stopped by. Inside the decor is simple but classy. I like the colors and the industrial feel to the place. I especially liked the 3 spits of meat on the back roaster, just waiting to be carved. It was just like in the Monistraki in Athens, Greece. We ordered 2 originals and a cup of chicken-lemon-rice soup. The sandwiches were amazing, the pitas were made right in front of us and had that 'fresh from yiayia's oven" taste to them. The lemon rice soup could have had more lemon for me, but hey, I'm not Greek, just married to one.I think the have a solid business plan, make a just a half dozen items, but do them well. Otherwise it just becomes another Coney. KouZina does better than well, actually!We will definitely be coming back here more often, and it's conveniently situated in Royal Oak. My only 2 concerns are the parking situation (only like 8 spots in their lot) and they don't have infant seats so we can't dine in with our mini Greeks.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2012,11/6/2012,75,127,3,5,5>Probably my favorite place in Midtown. Literally the pinnacle, for myself at least.Motor City Brewing Works is the brewery responsible for the legendary Ghettoblaster. And yes, they have other beers besides that. And the beers are very good. Most notably, The Magic Stick has had Nut Brown Ale on tap lately and my oh my, that is a delicious beer. I would definitely recommend a flight to give a full try to their lineup.The best thing about the place though, is their pizza. Thin crust, unique combinations of amazingness. I absolutely love their Maui Wowie, the Bronx Bomber and Margherita. Really, anything they throw in the ovens is great. And on top of that, they have pretty bomb artichoke dip. Service is hit or miss, but I've only had one bad experience here out of probably a dozen trips. The dude was some douchey dude with glasses who looked like he was in his mid 30s, totally ignored us a whole bunch and eventually had another server take over our table for him... all without explaining. Besides him though, I've had incredibly pleasant service from many of the other servers.Motor City Brewing Works is, for myself, one of my favorite things about Midtown. I definitely recommend stopping by there, whether its after a DIA trip or before a city bike ride. Do it.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,11/5/2012,137,360,10,8,7>"[insert your name here], I've got your buns!" is what you get to hear when your sandwich order is up, and it's true. San Street owns my tuchus because I'll do anything for these sandwiches. This has become far and away my favorite cart in the Mark's Carts conglomeration.The buns are light and fluffy and yet solid and smooth - magic. The meats and tofu are marinated and cooked fantastically and the pickled veggies are so good it's almost sinful to eat them. I recommend getting the spicy marinated tofu versus the soy sauce marinated tofu as the latter is a little one-noted and a tad too salty - get extra veggies to counter that. The porkbelly is ungodly and there's no way I could eat more than one of these because of its luscious lard content. And I do mean luscious. Them sammies are tasty! I'm generally not a fan of brisket but theirs is tender and flavorful. I like the chicken. The only complaint I have so far is that every time I get the buns they vary depending on who is making it. One lad (my favorite preparer of the bunch), very delicately toasted the buns, added a handsome amount of pickled scallions, and sizzled up the tofu so it had this great skin. He's kind of a young Michigan-hipstery looking lad, I think with glasses? The proprietress is the next best, in my opinion, but I don't think she warms the buns. Every time I go to Mark's Carts I swear I'm going to try other things - and I do - I just also end up getting 1 to 3 san street buns on the side.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,11/4/2012,151,104,3,8,8>You can't help but smile when you meet Ernie. He's a man who loves what he does. And what he does, he does well. He creates monsterous sandwiches, filled with all sorts of combinations of meats and cheeses. I ordered the $5 special - 3 meats, 3 cheeses - and he hooked it up. Ham, salami, turkey, and a little pepperoni, with swiss, colby, lettuce, tomato, onion...this sandwich could feed an army. Add some Bettermade BBQ chips and a Faygo, and that's a Michigan lunch right there. Oh, and ladies beware: Ernie is a giant flirt. He called me baby and honey so many times, I walked out grinning from ear to ear. He turned my foul mood into happy, and for that, I want to keep him.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,11/3/2012,171,85,6,6,5>Torino have you really been open for a whole year almost? Oh how I love Torino, let me count the ways.1. I have adopted your string-lit and lovely outdoor patio. As an apartment dweller, I don't have one of my own and your space is just a short walk away. Plus, it comes with great food, drinks and company. You're stuck with me.2. What could be better than combining a coffee and tea bar with a bar-bar? Not much. Something for everyone. Give me Illy in the morning and a Sangria in the afternoon.3. The cheese platter is a stunner. And the fresh salads seem endless in those misleading square bowls. Perfect picks for summer.4. I could go on but this could take forever. Glad you're here. Wish your patio tables had fewer holes - I always manage to drop my forks and knives.Welcome to the neighborhood.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,11/2/2012,57,58,1,14,11>My whole life I have hated working out.  I have always been active, but I've never enjoyed it.  Getting up and going to the gym was always a chore, until I discovered Shut Up and Box.  It's a gym that was opened a few months ago by a trainer named Al Irish.  He used to be a boxer and now has been training for years.  A coworker of mine has been taking his classes for a few years at a local gym, but then when she told me that Al was opening up his own gym, I wanted to check it out.  I started taking classes in February, and I've been hooked ever since.Shut Up and Box is a small gym, but it definitely has a lot to offer.  There are a bunch of different classes available including kickboxing, TRX, strength training, and yoga, and they are all awesome.  The gym feels like a club, but in a good way.  Al not only instructs during class, he also pretty much DJs the entire time playing mostly techno music with the right beat for you to punch to.  The music is paired up with strobe lights that give off the best atmosphere to be beating up the bag.  It gets you pumped up and keeps you going even when you don't think you can  I walk out of every class dripping with sweat, and I am not kidding, there have been times when we are stretching at the end of class and you can see steam coming off of your body.The kickboxing classes are much better than any kickboxing class you take in the area.  You wear wraps and gloves and actually punch a bag, not just the air.  The class moves fast with Al yelling out punches and tips to better your technique.   Each boxing class is an hour, but the time goes by so quickly with the music and how fast you're moving.  It's not just punching either.  There have been classes where I've done more than 100 push ups, or countless squats, jump lunges, kicks, jumping jacks, you name it.  You work your entire body, not just your arms.  At the end of class, you take your gloves off and do ab exercises.  The best part about it is that you don't even realize that the entire class is cardio.  This is a great way to build up your endurance without having to spend a few hours a week at the track.  The other class that I can't stop taking is called Intensity.  It's a class Al invented, and it's the best workout I have ever had in my life.  For this class he takes down all of the bags and you don't wear your gloves.  You still are doing the boxing moves, but it's combined with so many other techniques including plyometrics.  The entire class is spent on your toes bouncing from side to side, punching, kicking, etc.  Your heels hardly ever touch the floor.  This class is also done to really fast techno music and strobe lights.  However, this class is an hour and a half long, and it will kick your ass.  It's hard, but Al is a really good motivator and will keep you going even when you want to stop.  For the last half hour, you work out your abs, butt, and legs.  At this point, we usually do anywhere from 90-200 sit ups, planks for minutes at a time, and/or use resistance bands to really get your muscles working.  I feel like I am making this class sound awful, but to be honest, some days it really is awful and I feel like I want to curl up on the floor and hold my hamstrings that are on fire.  But the thing that I realized about it is that 15 minutes after class is done, I feel great.  There are times that I have been sore for a day or two after in certain places of my body, but it's never been so bad that I didn't want to go back.  It's fast, it's fun, and it's a better workout than any other that you can do in an hour and a half.So what are the results I've gotten from SUAB besides just feeling better every day and learning self defense?  I've noticed that I can run a lot further and easier than I used to be able to.  My endurance has really built up, and running isn't so terrible anymore.  The best part is that I've not only lost weight, I dropped from a size 6 to a size 2.  I've also noticed huge changes in my muscle definition.  My arms are nice and toned, and I can tell my whole upper body has gone through some major changes.  I've actually had other women comment on my arms saying that they look great and that they don't even want to mess with me!  I love that I have seen all of these results without having to put that much time into it.  A lot of the fad workouts like P90X and Insanity require workouts every day for 90 days.  That's ridiculous when I've seen similar results by taking these classes 2-3 times a week.  There is an orientation class on Saturdays where Al gives a quick demonstration of punches/technique and a description of each class.  His passion to help you get the results you want will get you excited about it as well.  Check out the website, register for orientation, then stop going to Zumba classes and get into a class that is motivating and will actually change your body.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,11/1/2012,12,144,1,6,4>This is a must visit for anyone in the area. The BBQ here is like no other, the care and passion that goes into the food that comes out of the kitchen is amazing!! Bad Brad's offers a simple menu of BBQ goods as well as a generous selection of side items (the Mac and Cheese is one of my favorites). The pulled pork is amazing and the brisket is to die for. This will surely continue to rise as one of the metro areas best BBQ places.The wait can be an hour or more, so give yourself plenty of time when you arrive, but once you are seating the service is quick and painless. The staff was exceptional, despite being busy, we felt like we were the only customer. Refills came quick, the meal was served with little wait, and yet you never felt rushed either!!We will definitely return here and anyone who eats here will probably do the same!!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,10/31/2012,169,227,6,6,11>Belle Isle is Detroit's Central Park.  It's a refuge from the city just a short drive from it where you feel worlds away.  It's the great socio-economic leveler where people of all walks of life can enjoy themselves.We attended a festival out on Belle Isle a few weekends ago.  It is a perfect day.  I park my booty under a tree on a blanket, close my eyes, and soak in the atmosphere.  Tons of families, family reunions, and relaxed people are all around me.  The gentle breeze serenely floats from the river.  The smell of hamburger, hotdogs, and lighter fluid wafts through the air.  The sounds of children playing, music, and happiness are all I hear.Detroit is lucky to have this place.
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,10/30/2012,41,75,,10,6>I had my first Upstares experience about 2 months ago, and it was great.  I have a very hard time liking the people that I've had do my hair; either it's too much inane, vapid chatter, or they don't listen to what I want, or they just completely screw up and I end up growing opera bangs out.  Now, I'm not overly picky with my hair.  I'm of the mindset that it's hair, it'll grow back.  That being said, I do not enjoy looking like a three year old with Crayola safety scissors could do a better job.  Then I met John.John is pretty awesome... and by the way, I refuse to let women cut my hair anymore.  John has a great personality, talked to me a decent amount and about things that are actually notable (note: not Lindsay Lohan's most recent mug shot), and most of all... he listened.  I explained how I liked my hair usually, and he surprisingly did his thang, and it looked and felt great.  I have very thick hair, and he cut it all with a razor.  I was shocked at how awesome a razor can cut a bob! I did tell him not to be afraid to take some length off, and ultimately I don't feel like I got enough length off, but that's okay.  Since it was the first time I was here, I'd rather have too little off than too much.  The vibe there is very laid back, and homey.  You'd totally miss if if you weren't looking for it, as it is actually above the shoe shop on the corner of 4th and Washington.  Surprisingly enough, for an Aveda salon in Royal Oak, everyone is pretty relaxed and happy; there are no scoffs, overly cologned/perfumed individuals, or other related snobberies.  Also, there are cats and coffee.  'Nuff said.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,10/29/2012,214,174,4,10,8>I had the perfect wedding on the grounds of the Anne Scripps Whitcomb Conservatory. Several things to consider if you are thinking about doing the same:1.  In order to book, you must go down to Belle Isle, go to the office and bring your $.  You are booked into an available 2 hour slot.  Must be a Money Order, which makes it a little trickier.  They do have Saturday hours though (which was helpful).2.  They are super flexible with location to be married in, and they have several.  We did not have to make up our mind until the day of - which worked out perfectly.3.  You MUST go in knowing that it is still a public facility, so unless you're booking at a time they are closed, there could be pedestrian traffic.4.  You must bring in whatever you are going to need.  Nothing is provided (even electricity).  This was not an issue for us, we had a very small wedding and brought in the chairs/music we needed.5.  Pictures were gorgeous, thanks to the perfect backdrops the conservatory offers, including the Marshall Fredrick statue, the koi pond, oh, and the contents of the conservatory itself :)6. There is not dedicated staff to your event, so Bridezilla needed not apply. The staff that is there (usually Angie) is helpful, but typically she is the only person there and is tending to visitors.7.  There is not a bathroom on site (across the drive in the picnic area)8.  We did not have this problem, but on weekends, there is A TON OF ACTIVITY on the island that could interfere with parking, congestion, etc.  Be warned, Im not positive the office could anticipate all that is going on.  We visited the day after our wedding and there was the Tour De Toit (5000 bike riders that closed the bridge for over an hour), a 5000 person charity walk, a Handball Tourney, the Grand Re-opening of the Aquarium and countless group picnics.  It was crazy busy.  That's not exactly normal, but OMG.Belle Isle is still a lil "rough around the edges".  To me, it just added to the charm.  Worked out perfectly and I'd HIGHLY recommend it.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,10/28/2012,148,80,4,7,4>Our favorite steakhouse in Michigan! At a first glance their menu boast a slightly more extensive list of seafood and steak offerings than your typical menu, but what sets them apart from their run-of-the-mill chophouse brethren is the fantastic service and the quality of food that arrives on your table. Yes, the prices are on the steeper side at $40 a steak, but in the end, however, you get what you pay for at the Chop House- I have not had a single dish here that wouldn't rank as easily some of the best steakhouse fare I've ever had. The diver scallops, lamb lollipops, lobster bisque, wedge salad, and not to mention the tender-as-butter steaks are all phenomenal. If the food doesn't leave you happy (and your wallet significant lighter) - head downstairs to their cigar lounge and enjoy a relaxing after dinner drink and an amazing dessert from LDV next door. The last time I was there the latest batch of house-infused Woodford Reserve had just become available. It's always a perfect ending to a great meal!
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,10/27/2012,198,632,1,8,4>Thank you to Mic M, Chris L and all of the other yelpers who've reviewed Beer Baron.Ken loves to try new beer, which can be an expensive 'hobby' if you do it at a bar/restaurant or, even worse, buy a 6-pack from the store only to realize it tastes like shit.  Well, enter BB where you're encouraged to customize your own 6-pack from their huge (and I mean an entire row) selection of singles.  And I ain't talking that Bud Light piss either.  Most if not all of the Michigan breweries are represented.Yeah, you'll pay for the luxury of six different beers, even with the 15% discount (most singles are $2-3 each)... but you'll also very likely find some new favorite(s).The owner is great too.  Very friendly, very proud of that huge row of single beer bottles.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2012,10/26/2012,252,310,4,8,5>I don't know jack about Asian-inspired baked goods. Most of the pastries and baked goods looked American or at least familiar - some appeared "Asian" I suppose. The pigs in a blankets looked huge and tasty. I would call them hogs in a comforter actually. I did not buy a single pastry here - but what I did have here really rocked my socks. Per my buddy's suggestion, I got a bubble tea in "taro root" flavor (there are 8-10 flavors). And boy did it taste so good and refreshing. Not too sweet - reminded me almost of the Mexican horchata drink. For $3 even this bubble tea really hit the spot for me. I would choose a taro root bubble tea here over any pretentious $6 bubble tea on Main Street.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2012,10/25/2012,121,284,8,7,6>I almost don't want to write this review because I love this place so much and don't want anyone going here.I've been 3 times for lunch and I seem to be the only non-Korean.The Bento box(under $10) is something that I dream about.  It is so much great food, which changes each day, that I want to but can't finish it.I have ordered the short ribs which came with chili crabs, udon noodles, a bit of sushi, green mussels, rice, fish omelet, and soup.  That isn't even counting the standard side dishes.  I came back and ordered the beef and everything in the box was different, and yet a 3rd time for short ribs and that box was different.Each time I sit there and shovel this great food in my fat face, I'm looking around noticing everyone is thin and really enjoying the food.  I am thinking that maybe I can have a 3lb lunch every day and will lose weight.  The kicker is that the other places around have good Korean food but they are clearly annoyed when I ask questions or show up.  I don't want to say I'm in love with every server but they are so damn friendly that I simply have to be.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2012,10/24/2012,172,189,7,6,8>truly the best kind of bad. cheap yet great greasy sliders, super cheap coffee.  I can't drive past this place without stopping in for a few sliders and soda. What's better is that this place looks like a 50's diner.  It's open 24 365.  I mean how can you  possibly go wrong with this? It's really really perfect after a few pints. But what I really like is that this place truly draws people from all walks of life, it's a utopia of grease.  Oh also, Cash only suckas!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,10/23/2012,111,105,10,18,9>GLUTEN FREE DREAM!Amazing gluten free beers, gluten free buns for all sandwiches and hamburgers and a gluten free pizza. I had a burger with a bun for the first time in YEARS. it was incredible! You lie to yourself when you order a bunless burger...you say may even say "I don't even miss the bun". it's an illusion. of course you miss the bun. It's not so much the deliciousness that is bread, it's the fact that little heel of a bun is working overtime sopping up the incredible juices oozing out of that delicious  burger - just waiting for you to take a bite then BOOM!! Taste explosion. That's what you miss. that little extra yum. But not at vinsetta. at vinsetta you get every tasty bite. I don't know what they put in the hamburger meat - but it is extraordinary. and the bacon was cooked perfectly. You win, Vinsetta. So yes, i will come again. Yes, it is worth the wait. Thanks, vinsetta for having an awesome menu and featuring a number of gluten free options.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,10/22/2012,19,242,,5,2>We finally got to this new place in Plymouth. The on-line menu is mouth watering!!  We decided to go small plates so we tried the ham platter, a shrimp cocktail, the crab linguini and the fish tacos. Plus we ordered two sides, the smoked chedder beets and the swiss chard & gruyere au gratin potatoes. Everything was excellent. The wait person, Avory, was very good and she brought the small plates out in exactly the right order and we shared them all. My wife's favorite was the au gratin potato side and mine were the fish tacos, but all were great. The only possible issue was the linguini--it had some peppers and spices that will make your nose run and it was a surprice based on the menu description. They have a nice wine list but a little costly. Both the red and white house wines were good. The next time we will order a bottle of one of our favorites and share------------it is more cost effective and you can re-cork.Based on the menu of small plates we did not try, the full entrees, salads and soups we will be back here at least a dozen times.  If the next visits are this good it may go to 5*.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,10/21/2012,51,570,3,3,3>I've always wanted go to Genitti's and since I had some days free, decided to check their website to see what's going on!They have both lunch and dinner theatre. You have to check the calender to see the days and times. I found out that they were having a lunch theatre on Wednesday and I called the box office. They were surprised that I wanted to come in by myself and told me that they had several senior's groups booked but they could fit me in.Wednesday arrives and I have a devil of a time trying to find my way into Northville. The best way to get there from Canton is to use Beck and turn east on Seven Mile. The outside of Northville looks like everywhere U.S.A.. Lots of Mc Mansions, big-box stores and chain restaurants. But when you get into old-time Northville, it's magical! It's like the best of Birmingham, San Francisco, and Mayberry rolled into one! Beautiful, well-manicured yards, pretty little Cape Cods, Victorians, etc., The Main Street is where the action is-lots of great shops and restaurants. It's a little hilly, so wear comfortable walking shoes. If you can't find parking, there is a great municipal parking lot that is well-marked and easy to find.Genitti's is just like it sounds, all brickwork and warm woods, like an Italian trattoria. I arrived early and was given my seat assignment for lunch. Since I had an hour before the show, I took quick run around the shopping district and came back, bag-laden to my table. I was soon joined by a lovely group of ladies, a retired principal from Detroit and her dentist daughter, visiting from Nashville, and two ladies from Birmingham-one a lawyer, the other had recently volunteered in Rwanda. The company was smart, well-educated and a joy to break bread with! And the food was excellent! Served family style, there was enough to go around.And the show? Well, it was a hoot! The seniors were a raucous and rowdy bunch and hijacked the show!  For all that food and entertainment it was only $35! Great deal!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,10/20/2012,14,37,2,8,6>I first found out about City Bird when I stopped by their booth at the Detroit Urban Craft Fair last December at the Masonic Temple.  From their booth I purchased a wood pencil box with a Detroit city map on it that came with pencils that have names of significant places to the area (ex: Belle Isle) on them.  This weekend I finally went to their actual location & I wish my pockets were fatter because I would have bought a lot more.  I LOVED their stationery selection; I am a big fan of mailing cards/ letters to friends and I know they would love receiving one of the beautiful ones they have at CIty Bird.  I'm not from Michigan, but since moving up here I have fallen in love with Detroit and City Bird has an amazing selection of Detroit paraphernalia;  I have the intention of coming back and picking up one of their Le Nain Rouge shirts.  All I got was a card and a sticker this visit, but I know I'll be back (probably soon).
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,10/19/2012,151,367,7,6,4>Don't over think it.  Just go.  Order a pizza.  Don't even think about sharing, you'll want that pizza all to yourself.  Be amazed.  Leave full and happy.  I'm all about the thin-crust authentic style pizza, and Supino's does it right.  I personally love the namesake Supino pizza.  Its delicious.  Its tasty.  Its lovely Detroit. There.  I can't add much more that the other 198 reviews said before me.  Now go forth, and eat pizza!
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,10/18/2012,203,109,19,26,20>I want you to go to Sunday Dinner Company, and so I'm going to barrage you with a two-pronged attack. First, I'm going to appeal to the epicureans with dancing visions of buttermilk fried chicken and southern sweet tea. Secondly, I'm going to rouse the champions of Detroit with the good things SDC is doing for the city. Divulging one's strategy probably isn't favored in the Art of War, but I'm a lover not a fighter anyhow. Don't ask my friends about that, though, just take my word for it. Any Yelp review more than a couple paragraphs long requires a commitment from our attention deficit society (it's not just me, right?). So if you'll pretend this is a real article in an official publication, I'll pretend I'm getting paid. So let's set the scene. Once you finally find the unmarked building, the inside is tip to toe southern. It's a converted post office whose look and definite, embracing atmosphere is reminiscent of a backyard celebration. It's a very open space with twinkle lights on the ceiling and tall front windows that impart tons of natural light. Even with the southern charm, it feels distinctly Detroit thanks to the art (by local artists and available for purchase), framed periodicals and jazz playing in the background. People tend to say places in Detroit feel "New York" or "LA," but I think if SDC were in another city the non-haters would have to say it feels "Detroit." The deal is soul food reinvented-buffet style. Salad and cornbread are served for starters before you follow your waiter to the buffet line. He serves it up for you, which probably keeps things moving, but I'm still not sold on any buffet style. Fried chicken, roast chicken, pork chops, catfish, mashed potatoes, mac n cheese, sweet potatoes, dirty rice with shrimp, black-eyed peas, dumplings, collard greens... and now even my fingers are out of breath. My personal favorites were the fried chicken, mac n cheese and the sweet tea. The fried chicken is meaty, flavorful and not greasy, although could have been juicier (courtesy of buffets everywhere). The mac n cheese tickles my umami taste buds and is now my absolute favorite anywhere. The sweet tea is so good I drank a gallon of it. It isn't saccharin sweet, and you'll really be missing out if you don't give it a try. To put this into perspective, I normally hate sweet teaI should probably mention that I haven't had any southern cooking in the South, because I don't venture there. I still haven't gotten over the civil war, plus I'm afraid I'd be stoned to death with bibles. The fifth star awarded by the prestigious me is on account of the work SDC is doing for the community. They hire staff through Goodwill Industries' Flip the Script Program, which provides mentoring and on the job training to at-risk teens and adults looking for a second chance. Food prepared during training is donated to Forgotten Harvest. Getting involved and actively making a positive change for individuals and the community is something I deeply respect and wholeheartedly get behind. For those interested in the Detroit Renaissance, this is an edifying concept that is particularly valuable in revitalizing a city like Detroit. If I had to create a banal sentence to end with, using the world "soul" a minimum of twice, which describes Sunday Dinner Company it would be: soul food and food for the soul. Alternatively: just do it. If this extended review fails to elicit a single bookmark, my thoughts and I shall reconvene and see if we can't compose a technical argument. However, my thoughts and I have a hard time working together, so if just for my sake, please check this place out.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,10/17/2012,398,356,3,5,4>OH, PI THAI, YOU SLAY ME. I ordered the Pad Thai here once and I will never again go to another place. It was the perfect medium with the greatest flavor. It even managed to make the best leftovers for breakfast when I threw it in the microwave the next morning. Aside from the fact that is was considerably more expensive than the places I usually order from, it is now my favorite. I would highly reccomend anyone I know to visit here and after writing this I plan to order from here within the next few days. Beware- may be addictive!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,10/16/2012,72,149,4,4,4>My colleague and I came across the Shamrock Irish Pub while searching Yelp reviews for best burger joints in southeast Michigan. Shamrock I-Pub is conveniently located in downtown Utica with free public parking across the street from the restaurant. It is a standard bar establishment with brick walls, hardwood floors, and plenty of flat screen televisions. The atmosphere is casual. Unbelievable......the lunch special is a burger & fries w/beer or soda for $5.55!!!!  Happily we both ordered the lunch special. The food came out fast and did not disappoint. I don't regularly eat red meat and must say this was one of the best burgers I've had in years. The service was friendly and flawless so we'll definitely dine there again.   Thank you Yelp!!!  My friend and I now have somewhere we can enjoy a terrific b-combo at a cheap price $
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,10/15/2012,302,32,,5,4>The Grasshopper Pub is former Gracies Underground in Ferndale is a great place that is local, intimate and has great line up of DJs almost every night. The venue has been remodeled and they recently installed an amazing sound system. I am very big fan of this place and go there at least once a week. Most music that is played there is electronic music from different genres like house, techno and etc. DJs very from local to national to international stature. I have recently seen Detroit Legends like Stacey Pullen, Terence Parker and Juan Atkins perform there on different nights. Drink prices are reasonable and made very well. I also think they have bar food even though i never tried it so i can't comment on that. Hope you will check it out and enjoy it
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/14/2012,21,134,2,7,1>I would definitely go back to this place. Very trendy and oh-so-very-Birmingham. However, the food was really good and the place literally looked like one big-ass kitchen. I didnt feel like we were dressed appropriately because we came from the movies and I thought we were going somewhere else but decided to try this place last minute. Everyone was dressed up but it was approaching the "bar time" so that could be the reason too. I got the Falafel which the pita was homemade & it was served open face. the turkey sliders were good too. Didn't have an issue with the service either considering it has only been open a month or so and it was a busy Friday night. I'd like to go for lunch. Oh and the have a patio that I'd like check out too.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,10/13/2012,504,642,5,10,7>If King Louis XIV had clandestine meetings with King Charles II of England and Elton John, the Oakland would be the venue. I demand the interior decor in my own home, for a woman cannot get anything done unless enthroned in a plush royal blue wingback as tall as she is in 4" stiletto heels. Their chosen accessory is much the same as mine, a cool Neroni or a flaming Blue Blazer cocktail swimming in ice hand-chipped with a proper pick off a sweating block behind the bar. The Oakland breathes decadence, opulent refinement, and a tight drink list that guarantees I will hire them lock, stock, and barrel when I achieve fame and fortune.The Oakland is Ferndale's speakeasy, lurking behind the innocuous "Oakland Art Novelty Company" sign on a rather plain storefront. The occasional well-heeled patrons slipping into this apparent art supply company alone hint at its real identity as the finest place for a tipple in the suburbs, and possibly all of Detroit. Roast might come close at happy hour and Sugar House is a little too inconsistent. The only Midwestern venue coming anywhere close is The Violet Hour in Chicago, and these two share a soul along with a favourite colour. A strict seating policy prohibits standees at the bar and maintains a private, intimate atmosphere inside a gorgeous space outfitted in velvet, polished wood, and dim lighting. Oakland takes reservations for up to an hour and offers callback, so cool your heels in adjacent Java Hutt or shimmy through The Rust Belt Market. Once within, expect to be dazzled by the solid array of handcrafted drinks that hearken to the glory days of the Thirties and Forties. Some recipes are modern twists on old fashioned favourites, and others come straight from the post-Prohibition years. Try any of their daily specials, especially their punches, served up in a cut crystal bowl like 1960s hostesses did. My friend up-ended the bowl on her birthday because, they claimed, there wasn't enough for a second cup. I've yet to try a bad drink.I prefer anything with a citrus kick, strong flavours, or a spiced vibe. Do not expect to come away disappointed in the offerings, though I cannot name a favourite because they have a drink for every mood. Stay to the hard alcohols and don't bother with the wine or the beer. Though good offerings, this is above all a place for cocktails. Who orders a hamburger at French Kitchen? Similarly the Oakland is for delicious booze that goes down strong and sings the night away like a French muse. The sarsaparilla, also handmade, is purely delish. Staff are top notch professionals with an extraordinary talent, and they're all mine the instant I get that first royalty cheque. Sorry, darlings.The Oakland is a place where spending $20 on two drinks doesn't feel like a ripoff, but worth the luxury and expense.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,10/12/2012,125,326,1,13,8>Stopped in today for the Grand Opening of Found Sound - and wasn't the only one, that's for sure!  The store lay-out is conducive to browsing, as evidenced by the many bodies flipping through records looking for a treasure to add to their collection.  Their inventory selection is great - The staff was friendly and excited to welcome everyone into their new business - The pricing is on par with what you would expect.  Their "normal" priced merchandise is in the bins, and there is a wall of $2 treasures like the sweet Culture Club record that I am now a proud owner of. :)  They had records (Both LPs and 45s), CD, books, t-shirtsand various other items for sale.  If you are a fan of a good record shop, come check them out.If you're reading this today (7/21/12) - they're having a bunch of bands at 9Pm tonight for their Opening party. :P
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,10/11/2012,376,267,5,22,8>Ron Swanson would undoubtedly approve of London Chop House. This is a bring your own steak bib and eat a nice big bloody slab of beef type place. It is 100% chop house. This is not a foodie haven. They know what they're good at and they stick to it. They do food the old school way. Aged steaks from Porterhouse to Ribeye to NY Strip to Filet all aged to give them a very unique and delicious flavor.  I had the Filet Mignon and my hubs had the NY Strip Steak. Both were equally as mouthwatering-ly good. Cooked to ultimate perfection. The Filet was juicy and cut so soft, like butter. The texture was just heavenly and the aged flavor gave it an almost earthy taste, in the best way possible. On the steaks alone I will be back and I will be singing the praises of the London Chop House to friends & visitors. The newly restored Chop house was restored to it's original glory and the atmosphere has this undeniable feeling of Detroit nostalgia. It's a restaurant that boasted the Best of Detroit back in it's hay day. It exudes an old timey class that isn't really present in the world today. The time where gentlemen held the doors for women, where chivalry was not yet dead. Suit jackets were required back in the day. It demands a sort of respect, sophistication is evident but not in any sort of snooty way...more in a "we know we have something special here" way. The dark wood booth and bar, the nice dimmed lighting, the Jazz band covering classics such as Billy Holiday and Ella Fitzgerald, the romantic yet almost men's club feeling of the place all take you back to a time where things were hopping in Detroit. It feels like a living time capsule of Detroit. Just remarkable.The service was top notch. Our waiter was on point, very helpful with the menu and gave great recommendations. My only complaint would just be the side dishes that come a la carte. The garlic mashed potatoes were fine, but surprisingly bland and I ended up dumping my delicious Bourdelaise (steak sauce of mushrooms and red wine) on top to give it more of a punch of flavor.  The steak didn't need the sauce. It was so full of flavor on it's own. The cauliflower was pretty good, just nothing unbelievable. Two highly recommended apps would be: the Clam Chowder & the Shrimp Cocktail. Each shrimp was giant and the taste was so amazingly fresh. The cocktail sauce was perfection & I really loved the horseradish shavings, it made for such a fresh spicy tang to each bite. The chowder was a practice in restraint. It was the lightest most flavorful chowder I think I've ever had. I normally think of a gloppy consistency but this chowder was pleasantly creamy without the heft and the slight bacon flavor along side the clam and potato was really a perfect mix of salty and savory and sea.No complaints about dessert, we had a ricotta cheesecake with a vanilla bean puree. The cheesecake was unexpectedly light but flavorful all at the same time. We fought over the last bites, it was so delicious!The London Chop house is perfect for a romantic night out with your special someone or even a great place to celebrate a special occasion. If it were around when I got married, it would have been a contender for the reception. London Chop House: keeping the tradition of great food and an impressive throw back type atmosphere...a true Detroit establishment resurrected!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,10/10/2012,157,137,4,9,6>It saddens me that Boukie's is nearly empty every time I go, and places like Beirut Palace and Cantina Diablo's are slammed with people.Went again last night and had the best falafel sandwich of my life.  It was cooked perfectly, and the sandwich was packed with pickles, tomatoes, and pickled onions (I think?)I try to recommend this place to everybody!  Great food and attentive service!  Huge generous portions and sandwiches so big I always wonder why the heck I ordered fries to go along with it (although the fries are delicious, as well).
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,10/9/2012,157,473,2,7,3>This place is literally in the middle of nowhere.  That is okay, because I love going on food adventures.  The service here was rock solid and I loved the chill ambience.  I was here for restaurant week.  I started with the mucshroom soup - man, I could taste the fresh mushrooms and they were amazing!  When I was a kid, my mom tried her hardest to get me to eat fish.  Despite my Bengali roots, I was not for that.  During my time in Singapore, I got into fish head curry and discovered the greatness that is fish cheeks.  Imagine my surprise when LDV has mahi mahi cheeks - of course it was tender and amazing!  Tiramisu for dessert was perfect!I shall be back!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,10/8/2012,96,224,3,13,10>This place will be a hit!You can read about Chef Noodles and his former setup in a parking lot down Wixom road if you do a google search. I've been stopping by road side for quite a while. My best friend lives just a mile away, and we have been eagerly awaiting this opening. We used to come to Sizzilin Subs which was the former tenant to this lease space. Chef Noodles catered my friends subdivision party this summer. and will be catering his b-day party. If that doesn't tell you how good this stuff is, maybe the rest of my review will, or the fact I drive from Troy to come here...Today was my first time in since they opened. Since I've tried most of his stuff road side, I was excited to see that 'corned beef' was added to the menu for the restaurant, and has a place on the sign out front. I had the corned beef small sammich, on Rye w/ slaw, Russian, and swiss. The corned beef was very moist I've never had it it this good. I eat at a lot of deli's, and know my way around a corned beef or pastrami sammich. Afterward I talked with the man in charge of the corned beef (not chef noodles), and found out it's a family specialty from his parents who have a successfully running deli. The Russian is a homemade recipe too. YUM! I also had a 1/4 slab of ribs which are unlike anything I've had. I will say though that the outermost two ribs were a little on the dry side. If you want BBQ half as good as Chef Noodles, you need to drive all to Lockhart's in Royal Oak, or drive down South. As in many states South. So for those on the walled lake / Wixom side of town, you are in for a honey hole. Others in my party had the pulled pork sammie, rib tips, and ribs. Win. A combo gets you a drink, side of slaw, and some awesome fries! The smoke penetration on his pork is great. That pink line goes deep into the pork butt, and the bark.... oooooh the bark! The pulled pork is on point. It was so good having lunch, that when my friend's wife came home, WE WENT BACK FOR DINNER! Yea, first time there, twice in one day. Second time around I got the corned beef full size sammich with extra meat for $2 with slaw, swiss, and on an ONION ROLL! Yessssssssssss.You order counter style, and pickup your food when they call your name. There's limited seating inside as they are still building the place out. Patio seating next year would be a great addition. Sometimes he runs out of things for the day, so I've tried to encourage them to get a Twitter account going to post outages, specials, ect.NOTE: Closed Mondays. TIP: Take a big whiff of the smoker before going inside to boost your flavor senses. Yelp PRICE SCALE: $$ to $$$-----------Little update as of 8.26.12: They have added several large round top tables that hold up to six if I recall correctly. This helps with overall seating availability, and larger groups as the booths were limited to four people max.Also have now sampled the home made mac and cheese, and beans. Yum yum. Simple, basic, and good. I like to put some bbq sauce on my mac n cheese. In addition the pulled pork sandwich bun is from a local baker. It's different than served last week, and my co-diner favored it highly. I ordered a pulled pork sandwich to go for my dad to try back in Troy, and they happily assembled me a deconstructed sandwich to go. They used several pieces of deli paper to wrap the bun, and meat separate. BBQ sauce was included in a sealed plastic cup as well. Props for that.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2012,10/7/2012,200,255,6,9,7>Wow, just realized I hadn't reviewed Clubhouse BFD yet.  First, a summarizing haiku:Great varietyof beer, delicious food, andhappy hour specials!So that was a very utilitarian haiku.  Hey, I never said it would be poetic.  Now for the details...Clubhouse BFD claims that BFD stands for "Beer, Food, Drink," so I'll break everything down by these categories.BEER:They have 40 beers on tap (which change often), not to mention a ton of bottled beers to try.  Servers have been very helpful with my indecisive self, and they always have a "Beer Dude on Duty" who can help you find a beer you like.  For example, I had always wondered why I love some IPAs but not others - turns out there are floral hops and bitter hops, and I loooove the floral ones.Among the tasty beers I've tried are Kuhnhenn DRIPA (double rice IPA), Lagunitas IPA, Greenbush Anger Black IPA, and Arcadia Sky High Rye.Last week they had Ephemere Cassis on tap, and this week it's Ephemere Apple... I really want to go back because they were some of my go-to beers in college.  (Girly, I know...)They also have $1 off Michigan drafts from 2-6 pm, I think.FOOD:It's bar food.  But it's oh-so-delicious bar food!Appetizers:I've only gotten the P.E.I. mussels, which were pretty good and plentiful, but they are not the mussels from The Purple Pig in Chicago, which are now my favorite mussels ever.I want to try the buffalo shrimp, Bavarian pretzels, and chicken fingers.Entrees:The Nifty's Choice Burger ("aged cheddar, bacon, crispy onion ring, BFD sauce") is quite tasty.  The sauce is a mayo-type sauce with onions (or shallots? not sure), and the bacon is sliced thick.  I also like the BFD Burger ("mushroom, swiss, and caramelized onions").  Sadly, my favorite burger has since been discontinued... it was on a toasted English muffin and came with cheddar, an over-easy egg, and pickled onion.All of the burgers (except for my discontinued burger) are served on a brioche bun and come with ADDICTIVE shoestring fries.  I usually hate shoestring fries but cannot get enough of these.  Several months ago, I may or may not have eaten all of my fries despite a major stomachache (caused by overeating).I've also had the fish and chips, which were very tasty and a fairly large portion.  Again, these come with shoestring fries.  Other sides included cole slaw and garlic bread.Desserts:The butter tarts a la mode are very good, but I absolutely LOVE the bread pudding.  I think it's deep-fried because it is lightly crispy on the outside and nice and soft on the inside.  It's then drizzled with a Jack Daniels sauce and topped with vanilla ice cream.Happy Hour Specials:The boyfriend and I tried these in one sitting (burp).  I think they also have pulled pork sliders and maybe another app that I can't remember right now.Deep-fried PB&J with shoestring fries: Tasty!  But kind of overwhelming.  Great for sharing for dessert.Chili cheese fries: Shoestring fries topped with Clubhouse's chili (which contains meat and beans) and melted cheddar.  They're not coney island-type chili cheese fries, but they are still really good.  One of my faves.Loaded redskin wedges: Flash-fried potatoes topped with melted cheddar, bacon, chopped scallions, and sour cream.  The potatoes were fried perfectly.  The boyfriend loved this one, but I thought it could have been saltier.Chicken quesadilla: I thought this one was the weakest link.  Not as cheesy as I wanted it to be, and the chicken was kind of tough.  It comes with tortilla chips, and I think there was salsa too.Fish tacos: Yum!  I think they deep-fried the tortillas too.  Deep-fried fish (the same fish that they use in the fish and chips), cabbage slaw, creamy cilantro-lime sauce drizzled on, and lime wedges on the side.  There are two very substantial tacos total, and they come with tortilla chips.DRINK:I've tried a couple of mixed drinks on the menu.  One was tasty, and the other was super strong.  The bartender kindly mixed the drink again with ice, which helped a lot.  Other than that, I always go with beer.OTHER:There are lots of TVs everywhere, a giant jenga set, some outdoor seating, and chairs that looked oddly familiar to me (turns out they're from the UGLi, or undergraduate library, at UMich).
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,10/6/2012,143,52,1,7,6>This was the very first place I ever had food from when I moved to Birmingham. I can't believe I have never left a review before! I was all alone at my new house, stranded with no car, no food, and no furniture. All I had was my cell phone, Yelp and a credit card. I was new to the area so I used my Yelp app to see what was nearby so maybe I could walk or if not, have something delivered. Primo's was the first place I found and it sounded really good. Can't really go wrong with pizza right? So I call and order and explain, a little embarrassed, that I have no plates or silverware or anything. From the time I picked up the phone to the time I was sitting down and eating no more than 25 minutes could have passed. It was the quickest pizza delivery I have ever had. It was delicious and huge! Way too much for me alone. They even remembered to give me paper plates, cutlery and napkins. I was so pleased. And they were so friendly. What a wonderful first dining experience in Birmingham! :)
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,10/5/2012,85,105,5,6,8>I feel like a giddy little school girl who has a crush every time I step into this place.I'm embarrassed to admit I often have my own Frank Sinatra soundtrack playing in my head as I'm browsing through this place.Don't judge me.I come here at least once a week.There are definitely some days where I wish 696 was backed up on my commute home from work just so I have an excuse to stop in here."Looks like I'll HAVE to take Telegraph to 7 mile.... Looks like I HAVE to stop into Joes Produce... I mean it's on the way..."They have plenty of reasonably priced, fresh, local Michigan produce to pick from along with delicious prepared food items. -The rotisserie chicken being one of my favorites for a quick dinner.It's almost impossible to walk by the prepared food section without drooling."Why yes I would love a free sample of wine and cheese...Don't mind if I do..."They also have a fresh seafood and meat market next door with items always on sale. I got King Crab legs here the other weekend for $16 a lb. WHAAAAT?! That's a deal!This is one of my favorite markets to frequent.Everything is immaculate from the meat, to the produce, and everything in between.They care a great deal, and it shows.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,10/4/2012,202,393,3,7,4>Not sure if it was bc Sava's makes a good burger or if it was bc I was sick and hadn't really eaten all week, but I DEMOLISHED my burger AND ended up craving burgers the day after...so 5 stars from me!Love love loooooved the environment.  Perfect date restaurant.  Idk how to explain this without sounding like an idiot, but I felt like the restaurant was both cozy yet spacious at the same time.  The table arrangements were close to each other, which lended itself well to a cozy, intimate environment, but i really appreciated the simple decor and tall ceilings...made everything feel so much more spacious.  There was a 10-15 min wait when I arrived on a Saturday evening around 8:30pm, but no biggie - we just grabbed some seats at the bar while we waited.Their menu has a variety of dishes, but I was in a burger kinda mood, so I opted for the Knights beef burger w/bacon and a side of fries.  SOOOOOO GOOD...the burger was big and yummy, and the fries were so perfectly crispy.I want to go back.  Now. :)
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/3/2012,127,343,4,9,5>Greasy spoon? Yup. Friendly owners? Yup. Coffee cup empty? Never. Good cheap breakfast? You bet.. I ordered the breakfast special, eggs, pot, toast,and 3 meats for $4.95. Spot on eggs were perfect and as Pamela said non-greasy hash browns with some nice crispy onions. mmmm mmm. I'm glad I finally stopped in and will no longer be a stranger here.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,10/2/2012,47,57,3,10,7>Truly a student-centered university.I began at U of D in 2006 and I was immediately stunned by how hard the professors worked (often with no pay - did you know that they don't get paid to teach an independent study?).I began in the biology department but switched to English.  The English faculty are amazing, warm, and challenged me every time that I was there.  They weren't just instructors: they were mentors.  One memory that will always stand out to me was of a class trip to the DIA.  The prof had been trying to tempt us for weeks to take ourselves on a "poet's date" where we would spend time being inspired and writing.  But none of us could make time for it.  She suggested that we all go to the DIA together, on a Friday night.  So we all planned for at least a month, took the time off of work, and went as a class.  It was so much fun.  While walking around in the museum, she offhandedly mentioned that the department hadn't agreed to fund the poet's date, so she'd sold some books to pay for our admission.  I was just blown away.I was an active part of my department for the 4 years that I was at U-D, and I think that that is the best way to be, honestly.  The best thing about U-D's size is that it makes networking really, really easy.  Introduce yourself around.  Ask what your professors are researching.  Let them help you.  That is what I did, and it worked out for me: I graduated magna cum laude and got into a paid-for masters program that also paid my rent and living expenses.   Here are some other tips: - Communicate with your professors!  They are there to help you and to be a resource to you.  Show up at their office hours even if only to say hi or to tell them that you are struggling and run some ideas by them.  In my time at U-D, I only met 3 or 4 professors that I didn't care for, and they were still interested in working with me to help me do well. -  Use the Writing Center and the Learning Center.  Both are there to help you!  I worked as an ESL tutor/writing consultant at the Writing Center for a few years, and the people who came there were normal students, not "stupid" people.  They came because they wanted to run their ideas by someone, work through a writing block, get help with their English, etc.  The Learning Center also has great tutors - as someone who has probably seen every math tutor that they have, I can attest to their helpfulness, haha! - Look for a job on campus.  They are really willing to help you out, financially.  I worked a the library and at the Writing Center and both were good experiences. - Avoid the Registrar and the Bursar like the plague!  They are the only downside to this otherwise great school.  The staff are, for the most part, pleasant, but it takes forever to get anything done.  But this is typical of the college experience, I think.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,10/1/2012,44,163,,12,5>Ohhh, Taco King...so happy you're 3 minutes drive from our home. Mmmm.Update! Taco King now has Air Conditioning/fans installed -- much less hot and stuffy inside, plus some new tables and chairs as well. Cheers and happy eating!What's Good:Tortillas! All tacos are double-wrapped and they are fresh, flaky, tender and good.Tacos El Pastor:Savory, flavory, melt-in-the mouth-porky-goodness. Touch of pineapple, not too sweet. Best Pastor I've had in a month of Mondays. Lengua (tongue):Tender, earthy, delish. Great with the hot garlicky green sauce, and a squeeze of lime.Barbacoa:Drier than the pork varieties, but great flavor. I prefer with the hotter salsa for moisture and zip :O)Torta:We like the chicken variety...pounded flat, coated in cornmeal (we think) and fried crisp. Then topped with pickled jalapenos, lettuce, tomato, guac, sour cream and encased in a gigantic bun. Oh man, tasty...Tamales:Pork were spicy and tasty, masa wasn't too dry and tasted fresh. Will be trying the other kinds sometime soon. Mmmm. We also tried the tamales wrapped in banana-leaf, and they were good too - much more moist than the Mexican-style tamales.What I didn't like: The guacamole -- pasty and heavy and tasted like it was mixed with mayonnaise: I like my guac with chunks of tomato, onion, cilantro, more lime etc. I also didn't like any of the chicken dishes (except for the Torta Milanese' style).Staff are very nice, great little place with great food at a fantastic price (Nice to not be charged the "this is Ann Arbor" tax. Not all of us are millionaires, and it's tacos not pate')
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,9/30/2012,1388,1056,14,18,8>Mmmmmm tasty. I am not huge into pizza as a general rule but this place is one of my exceptions to the rule. Its totally fun fusion.The chilli chicken pizza is quite delish. The garlic definitely makes its presence known which adds to the complex spice. Really dances across the tongue. I liked the texture too. My friend is veg only and went with the aloo gobi. Hmmmm, not really working for me in the same way. It was ok but nothing I need to have again. Just too much and yet oddly not enough. Sorry for the description but that is really how I felt, texture odd, flavor just not as exciting as the other choice and therefore disappointing.Sadly my husband has declared this to be the one place he will not partake in pizza from. Ever. He needs to stop the hate on Indian food already. Boo. I will come back without him.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,9/29/2012,99,290,3,5,4>I didn't exactly bowl here, but I went for a high school alumni event and this place WOWed me.Apparently, they're all about training and educating people on bowling. It's a HUGE place -- half of it contains inventory including any and all bowling supplies you can think of. The other half has clean, state of the art lanes and comfortable sitting areas. There is a kitchenette where you can bring food in (private parties, etc) and it's BYOB for events and such, too!  (Their website has all the info for renting the facility for private events)There is a room with a couple of big screen TVs, tables and chairs and there's an upstairs room, also -- not sure what's up there, but it has somewhat of a balcony so you can view the bowling down below. Again, Bowling IQ is CLEAN, large and state-of-the-art. I highly recommend it for a nice, fun, safe bowling event or night out.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2012,9/28/2012,50,104,3,5,2>It was hard to find a groomer that actually knows how to "Hand Strip" wire coated dogs. Most groomers these days just don't know how or it's too labor intensive or it's just easier to use clippers...etc..But the Groomers at Silver Bone know that a Hand Stripped coat will never be the same after a couple clipper buzz cuts and I'm glad they take their time to do it right from the start.The owner was very informative and told us exactly what to expect, she also didn't mind spending time with our puppy to get him used to the whole grooming process and really working with him to make it an enjoyable experience. Whatever she did really worked because our pup LOVES going here now. We live close to an hour away and our puppy acts like it's Christmas morning the whole car ride there.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,9/27/2012,77,274,3,3,4>Lately on the picture box, I've been fascinated by the Travel Channel show "Adam RIchman's The Best Sandwich in America." But instead of nodding along, I've been wondering what the preliminary selection process was, as there are some notable omissions IMHO. If we were to set up a 64-sandwich round robin coming out of Detroit to get on this show, I have to imagine that a couple of Alcamo's sandwiches, The Giardiniera and the Spicy Italian to be precise, would be high seeds. The recipe for these sandwiches isn't all that complex. Take huge portions of fresh meats and cheeses, place them on fresh breads and don't drown them out with excessive amounts of condiments like mayo and mustard. The sandwich sauce serves as it's secret weapon, adding a bit of tang to your Alcamo's sandwich. It's not incredibly complex, but it's a lesson other sandwich places could learn.The sandwiches alone probably merit four stars, with the fifth star coming from the fact that Alcamo's is also the best Italian supermarket in the greater Detroit region. A friend of mine at work had relocated with his wife from Chicago. She had a hard time finding the spicy giardiniera she was looking for to make Italian beef sandwiches. After months of making it with "glorified cauliflower" as they said, they finally found the spicy Vienna giardiniera they were looking for at Alcamo's. Simply put, if you're looking for Italian groceries and can't find them anywhere else, odds are they're here.I'm lucky enough to have Alcamo's be closer to my office than the other chain sandwich places. And if anyone wants to set up a 64-seed Best sandwich in Detroit tournament for Mr. Richman, I'm willing to eat my way through it.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,9/26/2012,142,231,,11,6>I loved The Last Word.   Considering what it used to be, it's practically the Taj Mahal!  Great job to the new owners for completely gutting Goodnight Gracie's.I'd been to Gracie's a few times, and I have to admit I didn't expect a huge change in atmosphere.  But  I walked downstairs to a low lit, blue walled cute as heck little lounge!   I hear this wonderful mixture of sax, bass, and guitar in the background and see that it's a nice little band in the corner adding to the ambience.I sat at the bar and looked through the menu.  So many options!!  I did notice there were a lot of drinks with whiskey and gin.  I'm not a fan of either so that narrowed it down. I can't even remember the names of the craft cocktails I ordered but they had at least 5-6 ingredients each.  Watching the creation of various drinks all night  I saw how much detail goes into them.   With a pinch of something here and a shake of something there, each one looked and tasted just as delicious and creative as described on the menu.The crowd is definitely not college.  I can't imagine most would come to a place that serves $10-15 drinks.    It's definitely young professionals winding down after a long day at work.    Because I sat at the bar, I didn't have the service issues that some reviewers mentioned.  Also, every place needs to find it's groove so if you went when it first opened, give it another try.  I didn't see any unhappy faces when I went.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/25/2012,190,319,3,9,8>The only place I will pay $5 for 2 scoops of ice cream. To sum up my review and not rehash others: Treat Dreams is good! Really good because they offer local flavors and some weird concoctions that many people love. I'm simple, so kooky monster is my fav: blue vanilla ice cream with oreos and cookie dough. Yum! They got me hooked on Swedish Fish ice cream (the 21+ version has Hard Luck Candy Vodka in it). They offer regular Ice Cream Camps for kids to learn the ropes. It's cool because it's affordable, the kids make REAL HOMEMADE ice cream, and it teaches them friendly competition. They make their best ice cream flavor and go head to head the next day as the ice cream is sold/voted on in store. The kids also take home 2 pints of their creation and a neat Treat Dreams Shirt. I'm looking forward to the adult ice cream camp. Treat Dreams rocks!
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,9/24/2012,217,264,4,8,4>I've been coming here week after week for their #16 noodle soup (shrimp, quail egg, green onion, sweet bbq pork with egg noodles and rice noodles). Try it, you'll never want to go back to regular pho again.Their Bahn Mi sandwiches are pheNOMeNOM. The bread is fresh and soft. I usually hate carrots but they chopped it so thin I just love everything about it.The rice paper spring rolls are also a good summer snack.If you are feeling adventurous, try the bbq quail.
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,9/22/2012,139,856,3,7,5>What's missing here is a review of the Tuesday market:The Tuesday market is fantastic if you can't make the Saturday market.  It begins at 11 a.m., and is basically confined to Shed 2.  Just as it's much smaller than Saturday's market, there is far, far less mayhem and traffic.  Parking is pretty easy, though it is by no means uncrowded.  There are several tables of farm fresh fruits and vegetables and other miscellany.  For me, this means my week's supply of tomatoes, peppers, eggplant, and salad greens.  If you time it right, you can also beat the crowds at Russell Street Deli or Supinos on your way in or out.  Probably one of the top 5 ways to spend a Tuesday morning/afternoon in Detroit.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,9/21/2012,153,110,,9,4>Fantastic renovation on the old Memphis Smoke rooftop bar and whoa is it HUGE!Massive selection of great beers with many on tap, a big plus. Their menu is very British like with fish and beef selections. I would highly recommend their take on the French Dip sandwich and trust me, you will only need the 'half' sized one. Plenty of seating, great ambiance, 360' TVs, high ceilings, and an awesome outdoor area make this one of my new favorites in a somewhat dated Royal Oak bar scene. Another bonus is this isn't the "I just turned 21" sorta crowd.My favorite part: They are now open for lunch on Fridays. My office is downtown so a few block walk and we get to enjoy a refreshing Summer Shandy + sandwich to finish off the week :)
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,9/20/2012,56,309,2,7,5>Whaaaat?  Real mexican right around the corner from work?  Great prices? Friendly staff?  Am I dreaming?  No.  It's here.  I'm giving one less star, but would give a 1/2 if I could.  I ordered chicken quesadillas and a side of guac.   Not being a huge fan of peppers, the guac was filled with them, and needed something I can't quite identify.  My quesadillas?  Yummmm.  Fresh, meaty, cheesy.  Spicy, but not so much it caused an ulcer or any other bodily distress.  It was packed in here by 12:15pm, a line to the door, but the woman behind the counter never stopped being friendly.  A couple of pieces of advice, ask for a menu and call ahead.  Don't try to find them online yet, but they should be.  The prices are terrific for the quantity and quality of food you get.  The atmosphere inside is clean and bright, which is a lot different than the coney that used to reside here.  Great place I will be returning to.  This is no Taco Bell, they are the real deal!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,9/19/2012,151,160,4,12,8>I've been back so many times can't even remember the number.They make really good food here!Total comfort food. The kind that makes everything wrong within the world, right once again.Made fresh from scratch, without MSG or other type of obnoxious additives.I highly recommend the greens, mac & cheese, smothered pork chops with a corn muffin. And the coconut cake is scrumptious. They also have specials of the day. These can range from steaks to orange roughey and such.Cuppy herself dishes up the orders.She has a welcoming way that radiates warmness throughout.Give them a try.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,9/18/2012,226,699,2,18,7>Club Bart's was always a great breakfast spot in Ferndale. I didn't frequent it much otherwise. It was a sad day to find that it had finally closed but with the current, I'll call it rejuvenation, of Ferndale's restaurant scene came John D's. It would be fair to say it's a little swanky, a little edgy and definitely a bold new addition to the Woodward and 9 corridor!The lady friend and I had dinner there last night and I've got to admit that I was pretty impressed. With new haunts like One Eyed Betty's and Cork setting the bar pretty high, leaving a lasting impression is becoming harder for the same old same old type of sit down restaurants to break onto the scene and remain there.We arrived around 630 to plenty of seating and were immediately sat along the far wall near Woodward. More on that later.We started with a couple cocktails - a Salty Dog for her which was delicious and a Kentucky Mule for myself also good. We ordered some small plates for starters. First the calamari tossed with cherry tomatoes in a beurre blanc sauce. The squid itself was really tender and the sauce was a great accent - rich with a little tartness from the wine. From there we tried the Mac and Cheese which I'm going to recommend as a must try. It came out in a small cauldron covered in panko crumbs and diced cucumber which may sound odd but  the cucumber was a really fantastic and refreshing touch. The cheese sauce was creamy and the chef used orecchiette pasta which acted like little bowls for the sauce, every fork full was tremendous. We finished our meal with the Duck Sliders. Duck Sliders, pretty original in my opinion and also supremely decadent!! The brioche rolls were fairly rich in their own rite but once the duck was laid over them it was like an explosion of flavor that actually dribbles down your chin a little no matter how hard you try to be proper. They were really amazing albeit greasy from the duck but still worth the heart attack. They came alongside Truffled Parmesan fries which are pretty addictive too - you've been warned....now go try them. We would've stayed a bit longer to continue sampling the menu but the sun was really starting to beat in through the window and as I mentioned it was pretty toasty towards the end of the meal. Also, since the decor is so dark, the sun really highlights any dust on the tabletops and the finger smudges on the water bottles - just an observation. The service was fairly decent, I only wish our server had taken our plates and offered the bill a little quicker but I'm not complaining. Before we left I snagged a piece of their house made carrot cake to take home. It wasn't on the menu but the server mentioned that it replaced the Hummingbird Cake which I was really interested in trying. Anyways, the carrot cake was spicy and the frosting was delicate and had great texture but at $7 for a very small piece I think I'd pass next time. All in all this place seems like a hit and I think it'll do really well finding it's place uptown. Welcome to the neighborhood JD. I will surely return for more of everything!
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,9/16/2012,29,44,5,6,5>I ate a fantastic chicken schwarma sandwich and hummus side today ($9 total). There was a very tired and strung-out looking man named Corey who held things down in the bathroom for long periods of time, only occasionally responding to the owner-cook's loud cries of, "Corey! Corey!" by opening the door and peaking out, then running an errand and coming back, back to the baño. When Corey returned, having completed the task, the owner made him a sandwich. Corey accepted it gladly, sat a few seats down the counter from me, put salt on the meat (for reasons I can't begin to understand), and when he was finished, walked behind the serving counter, removed a piece of cardboard from the back of the building, produced a piece of chalk from his worn jeans, began writing on the corrugated paper what I've decided to imagine was: "Anything helps. God Bless."
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2012,9/15/2012,55,150,,5,4>Local has a great atmosphere -- one of those earthy, homey sort of places with wood everywhere and fresh flowers on each table. Getting a spot on the outside patio was clutch. The first thing that caught my eye was the interesting list of craft cocktails. All of them sounded great, and I opted for the Standing Ovation. It came in a martini glass that was rimmed with sugar and balsamic, and the cocktail itself was balsamic flavor and cranberry rum. I have to say that it was just okay, and did not seem to have much alcohol in it at all -- for what it was, I would say it was definitely overpriced. I'd like to come back and try some of the other ones though. The beer selection looked great as well, and more reasonably priced. I ordered the burger with bacon and mushrooms. It was cooked well, and I really liked their special sauce and the chopped up pickles they put in it. My bf had the tacos, and loved the pulled pork ones. He said to pass on the lamb sausage ones because they were pretty plain. Overall , the food was good and our server was nice. A must try spot!
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,9/14/2012,80,325,4,4,4>Do you have any extra stars lying around that I can give to Valentine Distilling??I loved it! I was sort of thrown in here in less than ideal circumstances, but the manager was very gracious and willing to do whatever he could to make things work. My take was, 'There's vodka - I can at least make it a fun evening for me!'I had the chocolate drink first (almost too chocolatey, especially since I'm a chocolate snob and this was sort of Hershey-ish). There was a vodka and lemonade concoction that was very popular with everyone I chatted with, and I know I had three drinks and couldn't tell you what the other one was (yay for hubby picking me up afterward!).Overall, as others have said, there's not enough room to fully hold the awesomeness here. A separate room or a few more tables would really make it even more enjoyable (if that's possible after a few fantastic drinks).
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2012,9/13/2012,150,273,3,8,5>For classic, old school fish and chips, this is the place to go! So sad that Hope's closed down and we didn't want to do the church fish dinner, so I looked on Yelp and as always Yelp didn't let me down.To the point, nice pieces of fresh cod, battered, and fried. Yes, when it's busy, it will be a lil soggy (as ours was) and greasy, but I still enjoyed it. We also had some shrimp..YUM I would like bigger shrimp with less batter, but still delish. Homemade tartar and I think the shrimp sauce is also homemade. Both were very good. I didn't care for the fries (really just a second thought..) or the coleslaw (like mine creamy and not so fine), but I didn't go there for those things : )The ambiance and the character, combined with the quality, the service I can't help but give this place a 5. Lets not let another mom/pop place close. I will return, next winter (non-lent)  : )
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,9/12/2012,60,86,2,6,4>FINALLY, a good pizza place in Royal Oak!  We came here on at about 6:30pm on a Tuesday, and the place was nearly packed.  The overall vibe is casual without being grungy.  The waitstaff was really friendly and helpful.  Overall, a good place to hang out.But here's what you really want to know:  How is the food?I'm happy to say that the crust is quite tasty.  It's thin, not too floppy, and cooked quickly in a brick fire oven.  It was a *little* burnt, and I had that "I'm going to get cancer" feeling while eating it, but it was still tasty.  The good thing about their all-natural crust is that there isn't any added sugar, so the crust doesn't taste sweet.  We got a capacolla and a funghi pizza and both were really tasty.  The toppings are fresh and don't overpower the pizza experience.  The pizza isn't the most amazing - I still think Supino's is better - but is definitely the best thing around.I also want to plug their great beer list and half off draft beers and wines during happy hour (3-6pm).  Great tasting beers, all for about $5 each.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,9/11/2012,229,201,4,5,5>HONI HONI!!!!!Don't know what Honi Honi means but i like this Honi Honi. It's a colorful, fun, outdoor Tiki Bar behind The Oakland. Drinks included Mai tai's, a Honi Honi drink which is a mai tai made with bourbon, a modelo beer, and some little drink that everyone seemed to have that i probably should of ordered but will save it for next time...i think it was a pinkish/orange color.Everyone is standing around these hightop tables as there are no seats which would be nice but whatever it didn't kill us to stand and it was still fun.Did I tell you the drinks are decorated with fun colorful straws, fruit and UMBRELLAS...now who does't love umbrellas
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,9/10/2012,192,175,3,4,5>Slows is a modern Detroit institution; the cuisine is as notorious as the epically long wait to get a seat even at non-peak hours. Last weekend my friend Michelle M. and I decided to brave the Friday night crowd in an effort to have a meal of comfort food--think macaroni and cheese and waffle fries. I was pleased to see a community parking lot across the street open, well lit, and guarded After paying a minimal fee of $2.00, we ventured across the street to Slows and joined the queue for dinner. Amazingly, the wait was only 40 minutes, and while we caught each other up on our days we also thumbed through our share of Detroit local periodicals and rocked out to their Muzak heard over the loud chatter of dining patrons. We also delighted in watching people walk past the door and then realize that they didn't understand how the door worked. Yes, it is complicated, but you just pull it, I promise--that's what she said. As a vegetarian, I don't have much to offer  in the way of my opinions on the meat dishes, but I will say the Genius sandwich (fake BBQ chicken) is a delight and huge!--that's what she said (Wait, I've said this twice now? My apologies). To accompany my sandwich I did order the macaroni and cheese and waffle fries with cheese sauce because apparently I felt like eating comfit foods? Michelle had a half order of spare ribs with green beans and macaroni and cheese. She kept on trying to offer me green beans but I declined since I swear they're made with bacon. Maybe I'm just thinking of Cracker Barrel? It just always seems that southern style green beans are made with pig somehow.Slows' waffle cheese fries might be the perfect fry. Each fry was perfectly crisp and not overly greasy and the cheese sauce was like the aristocracy of cheese sauces, making nacho cheese in a pump as lowly as an untouchable. I might even go as far as saying I would choose waffle cheese fries over the macaroni and cheese, which Michelle insisted has a mashed potato like consistency. We decided what really makes the macaroni and cheese is the browned crumbly topping. I do like that they offer a Vegetarian BBQ option beyond side dishes. I don't like coleslaw so I always order the Genius without which I enjoy but I can't help think that the coleslaw does complicate the flavor for the better of the sandwich. I wish I could think of something to substitute beyond lettuce which really wouldn't do the same thing. . . maybe I'll have to give coleslaw a second chance. . . someday. . . or maybe not. I feel like coleslaw is one of my food nemesis like cantaloupe. The worst food ever would have to be cantaloupe slaw. Ew. Hopefully that doesn't exist. Did I just announce my kryptonite? To accompany their savory eats, Slows has a great beer list with lots of local stuff on tap and even more in bottles. I had an Edmund Fitzgerald Porter with my meal. I wish though that they had a printed list in addition to their blackboard. Our waiter did try to make a helpful suggestion though I didn't take it--I wanted a dark beer and he was trying to push me into a lager. I totally get Slows. I will return to eat because their food is good even if you're not eating meat. They have a  great ambiance and food that is worth the wait, it's just a shame that there has to be a wait always. I suppose there is Slows to Go, which we considered for dinner as well, but decided we would take our chances.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2012,9/9/2012,91,123,1,9,8>I've been here twice now and whatever issues there may have been with the service may have been resolved because I had speedy attentive service both times. Also, people have talked about the communal tables which I sat at both times and enjoyed - but there are booths and other sized tables too.I think the food and drinks were great. Hot chips every time, fresh salsas, unique drink options, elote was delicious! They also have special taco's sometimes. It was short rib on one of the nights I was there.The vibe of the place is cool and there are a wide variety of patrons. It's open airy and welcoming.If they add (please, please, please) a fish taco to the menu I'd probably go there at lease once a week.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,9/8/2012,86,107,10,18,14>Got a hankering for some good soul food?  If you work or live in downtown Detroit, you're in luck.  Occupying the second floor of the Rosa Parks Transit Center is the Louisiana Creole Gumbo restaurant.  Some may be familiar with the name as they do have another location in the Eastern Market area. Louisiana Creole Gumbo is a small place overlooking Cass Ave.  The facility basically consists of a window to order at and a seating area.  That is all they really need.  Despite being inside of a bus depot, the atmosphere is quiet and relaxing.On 04/18/12, I enjoyed their pork chop lunch with a side of green beans.  The food was tasty.  The pork chop was tender.  However, I did have an eat-ability (is that a word?) issue; the utensils they supplied me with were too flimsy to deal with the thick chop.  So, I overcame my problem by picking it up with my hands and eating it like a man.  My coworker ordered the baked chicken with a side of mac and cheese.  It looked good.  He was pleased with his choice, too.  The food portions were ample and the prices were reasonable.  The staff was friendly.  We were greeted on arrival and acknowledged when we were leaving.  They were efficient.  Our orders were taken promptly and the waiting time for our food was minimal.  Perhaps because they are new, the staff was very interested in our opinion.  I appreciate when a business solicits feedback from its customers.  Louisiana Creole Gumbo is off to a great start.  It is nice to finally see a restaurant in the Rosa Parks Transit Center.  Good food, low prices, and efficient service definitely warrant a repeat visit.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2012,9/7/2012,173,266,2,3,4>Service was great except for it was slow but that's understandable.  Food was excellent!  I love that everything is made in house.  If you're not in a rush and want a nice slow dinner and enjoy your dining companion's company, then I think this is a great place for that.  :)  There were lots of people there when we went that was on a date.  Very small place with warm colors, and seatings outside on the patio as well.  We ordered the salami and cheese plates to go with our wines.  Both were excellent.  This place serves just the right portions.  Their house made bread baked fresh were so buttery and hot.  Entrees, I had the stuffed squid and it was fabulous!  My hubby had the sea bass which was also good.  Dessert we each had coffee and shared the chocolate mousse salami.  It was surprisingly good.  Definitely will be back for a future date night.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,9/6/2012,159,92,4,5,6>I love Big Top Tattoo! Mark Heggie did a cover up on my back the other day and I love it! I could not be happier with the design, his work, or his ability to keep me calm through a very painful process. I highly recommend him if you are looking for someone to do a more serious piece for you. He is a true artist and I definitely plan on coming back for more! He is NOT cheap but worth every penny. He also books many months out, so plan ahead.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,9/5/2012,48,87,2,6,4>Ferndale is becoming so fantastic!  I almost couldn't believe it when OEB was replacing Cantina Dia-Blows, mostly because I enjoy large beer selections to occupy my husband's attention while I can focus on delicious food.  Ha!  Don't let me fool you though...I enjoy beers I can't get everywhere, too. In fact, OED's beer selection is vast and decently priced.  I was hoping they would have my beloved Boulevard, but it still hasn't hit Michigan.  Luckily, their selection includes Arcadia, as well as many west coast beers. Moose Drool? Yes, please! One of my faves.  The beer snobs will go crazy for Hops Slam, etc. (not confirmed that this is actually presently there).  There's also a $22 beer if you're curious about ranges.  A Chimay is $12.  A Moose Drool is $5.  Pretty standard.As many have noted from previous reviews, the service is not exceptional. There seems to be a major lack of organization among the wait staff and zero communication with them and the bored looking girl called a "hostess."  Anyway, after we were seated, a waiter strolled over with menus and told us to let him know if we needed anything as he walked away. Well, that's kinda why we were there. Hmm...I can't complain too much because we ultimately got everything we needed, but it just seemed so disorganized with little communication.  You're kind of sitting there wondering if your order is in place correctly, and you definitely have to ask for water. The music is also obscenely loud. Like...unable to carry on a conversation loud.  Alright, now on to the food.  The menu is heavy on pork, fried fish and even has a few outstanding vegetarian options (grilled cheese with TOMATO JAM???!).  Umm...my food was fresh and perfectly blended.  Of course, I completely blew my workout calorie debt, but a BLT wedge and pork belly sandwich was delightful!  One of my favorite things they have is crushed ice.  I know...it may seem silly to even note, but crushed ice is so fabulous for people like me who have severe TMJ from crunching on ice.I would actually give them 3.5 stars because of the lack of attentive, organized staff, but overall OED is really good.  I'll be back to watch a wings game and check out a few beers.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,9/4/2012,210,47,2,9,5>Sweet, another food spot opening in my neighborhood!I've been excited about this place opening ever since I saw the words "Bacon" printed on the exterior wall.  They opened on St. Patricks Parade Day in Detroit, popped in that day but it was too busy so decided to come back another day, on the real St. Patricks Day I made it a mission.Old school style with modern leanings.  I love the fact they have a beer garden in the back.  So on to the food.  Limited menu (smart on a crazy day like St. Pattys).  I had a cheeseburger with cheddar medium rare and my girl had the hot dog, shared some sea salt fries.  The burger was ON POINT, best $6.50 I've spent in awhile.  Exactly what I expected, simple good stuff.  Fries, now I'm not a huge fry guy but I dug on these, well salted defiantly not frozen crap.  A little oxidized but still damn good and a big basket, $5.  My girls Hot Dog looked great and she was pretty happy with the tube steak (yeah, I said it).  I was too thrilled with my burger to even remember to ask for a bite of her dog.Beer, awesome selection.  I had a Founders Dirty Bastard (there is no bad Founders in my opinion).  I wish I could remember what else they had but we had some shots of Jamesons before hand, I just remember it was a good lineup.  They have a basement with more seating which was cool and odd for Detroit.  You can see the kitchen from the bar which is pretty nice.Staff was super friendly even near the tail-end of St. Pattys, which says A LOT.  Shit even the Chefs were smiling and on a cool vibe when I said hey to one of them walking by.I can't wait to try the full menu!
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,9/3/2012,169,178,6,9,6>This place embodies all which is good about the Mid-West. This place is family friendly, cheap, well executed and clean which is why it's so perfect for the Mid-West. Sure I was a little put off and Henry Ford basically plucked up every historical building he wanted and placed them all in one quant village, but I selfishly like it. I pretty much wish I could live here... no really. I could. I have the exact plantation in mind.I purchased a membership to the Museum and Greenfield Village and this review is mostly for Greenfield Village because honestly the museum is a little boring to me after one visit and is exactly as you'd expect. As a young person I bore easily, but Greenfield Village has so many things to see and do and I am still surprised with something new each time I go. Most recently I have been enjoying the Vintage Baseball League that plays every Saturday and Sunday during the summer and met a very nice park ranger. The actors/volunteers do a really good job and remain in character nicely. I think the museum educates each of the "actors" pretty well or chooses knowledgeable people for these roles. It reminds me a little bit of Disneyland without feeling wallet gouged or watched every second. I've come here for just a few hours to sit in the grass and watch the baseball game and walk along the water without ever being hassled. The food options are fairly priced and pretty varied. If you want a nicer meal you can head over to the Tavern or the Taste of History area. Another hidden gem is the tea garden over at the far end. Please don't bring your fussy little munchkins here though because they are all enjoyable quiet places where normal people go to eat and get out of the hot sun. No one wants to hear you tell your little shit to sit down for the 15th time or trip over a stroller.I haven't been yet, but I hear their holiday spread is off the hook and I believe it. This place is so wholesome and shiny perfect that I bet it is amazing. They also do a Halloween thing. Neither event is covered by your membership, but you do get a discount.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2012,9/2/2012,132,325,3,6,6>i came here after a 5k run in corktown.amazing fresh salsa, guacamole and chips. the chips were so crunchy and salty. everything i want in a tortilla chip. i would actually go to this store just for those items. in fact, if i lived in the neighborhood, i would probably turn into a tortilla chip.the rest of the store had all the different mexican products that i would love to have at my local market. the produce looked really vibrant. i have been trying to convince the bf to return since. if only it wasn't so far or i could convince him of a good reason to go.the store is worth a try. the neighborhood is not scary nor anything most people think when visiting this area. overall, i loved it and am glad that a store like this survives in detroit. ps they have a large selection of pinatas to get your fiesta on.love, juston
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,9/1/2012,833,231,2,9,7>I'm totally hooked...I've tried out foul and Fassolia (white beans w eggs) at a number of Arabic places in Dearborn and am happy to say none of them compare to Yemen Cafe's. It's a humble restaurant but the food has BIG flavour. They also have the greatest bread baked on the spot for a buck. The Chicken Galaba and lamb with rice are also very good. If you're looking for a bit of a different spin on the (sometimes bland) Arabic fare that you get from Lebanese places in the are this is a great choice...
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,8/31/2012,163,84,6,6,5>Just picture a man and woman running toward one another in slow motion through a beautiful, flower-filled meadow ...their arms extended, anticipating a loving embrace. Then the woman runs right past the befuddled man ...into the arms of a smaller, lesser known guy. The jilted man would be Slow's BBQ and the little guy with the receding hairline who gets the girl would be Little Z's. We were driving home from Ann Arbor and agreed that it was about time for BBQ since we hadn't opted for that in quite a while.  Of course the iconic Slow's came to mind but because Deb had already been there once before (average experience) and we jumped on Yelp to sift through reviews (2 hour wait at times?) we thought of giving our more local Little Z's a shot.  What a great decision guys. I ordered the beef brisket sandwich which comes on a baked focaccia, with tomato jam and onions. There were 8 or 9 sauces to try but I'm telling you, this was good enough to stand on its own. Outstanding flavor and a huge portion.  Plenty of fries, which were cooked, for me, perfectly. They were not the typically undercooked, bendy, gross fries that sometimes can ruin a good sandwich. The redskin potato salad was amazing as well. Deb chose the pulled pork sandwich with fries and slaw. Again, excellent flavor and portion size ... Great tasting coleslaw was a little on the watery side but the flavor was terrific.  To top it off the price was reasonable and the service was extremely accommodating and friendly.  With apologies to the Goliath that is Slow's ... My money is on the David that is Little Z's.  We'll be back!
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2012,8/30/2012,20,83,4,7,6>After hearing so many good things about this place I was really excited to try it. I was craving hommous pretty hardcore the other day and I figured it was time to give this place a shot. So we went in and were sat right away. My boyfriend was tearing into that pita bread and garlic dip stuff.  He said something along the lines of "if they ask if we want more pita bread...the answer is yes." It was really warm and delicious.Our waitress was a young girl who was very nice and always had a smile on. She did eventually bring us more bread, much to my boyfriends enjoyment. We got salads with our dinners and those were brought out first, of course. They were very generous in size and pretty good. I could of filled up on the salad and pita bread alone so I only ate half the salad to make sure I didn't get full before the main meal came.I ordered the hommous topped chicken and my boyfriend ordered shish tawook. The menu I saw online had mushrooms on both these dishes, but the menu in the restaurant didn't have them, which was good because neither of us like mushrooms. But I immediately saw a bit of a difference in the menu online compared to the one in the restaurant. The in restaurant menu was better. When the food was brought out I got myself a forkful of chicken and hommous and rice and it hit the spot! It was exactly what I was craving and it was oh so very good. Just thinking about it, I want more! My boyfriend enjoyed his as well and we both were to full to finish so we got to bring some home. Overall, a great experience. Getting the food and everything was a little slow but not enough to be irritating or anything like that. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,8/29/2012,70,153,4,12,8>I just scored a glam 1950's pearl & rhinestone necklace, some vintage appliques, a glass case containing the most delightful pixie and egg tableau (take my word), a Joey Lawrence doll, an E.T. necklace, and an Apollo Creed action figure...all in the same place and *falls back on a fainting couch in a swoon of joy* on the East side!!  Finally, FINALLY a fun place to shop where the selection is wonderful, the prices fair, the placement creative.  They've got LOTS of mid-century, and I also enjoyed perusing the loads of vintage jewelry, the old toys-some of which I had as a kid *clears throat & fluffs hair*, the fun salt & peppers, just so much to see.  Lamps, wall pieces, vases, ashtrays, a massive 1970's "signs of the zodiac" mirror that screams to be placed in a fab room that's red of shag and round of bed.  They're not afraid of kitsch or humor, and this balances well with their more traditional antiques and creates such an enjoyable shopping jaunt.The owners could not be nicer.  Knowledgeable and pleasant, they're great to talk with as well.  I hope their business is a great success and will be stopping in often!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/28/2012,148,349,4,4,4>The first Vietnamese restaurant we tried in Michigan; and it was a hit!We ordered fried rice and grilled pork chops over rice. Both dishes were very well received by my husband; rice guru extraordinaire.Growing up I had to deal with a father whom was following a strict diet for several years, which resulted in 4 out of 7 meals a week consisting of bland vegetables over rice.  Oh the horror!  Ever since, I have had a serious apathy towards rice of all kinds.  Not until recently have I been able to enjoy the wonders of fried rice, rice pudding, etc. once again - my vision no longer tainted with the demons from my past. Though even I agree that both rice dishes were good,  I sure wish I had discovered Yelp at the time we visited this restaurant. I am a newfound fan of pho, next time we are in the area I will most definately order a bowl of that. Matter of fact, I cannot wait to return to this restaurant based on our own experience and other reviews from Yelpers!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2012,8/27/2012,196,355,2,10,8>Thank you, Dil F., for the review that inspired me to visit Hygrade Deli.  Hubby and I had breakfast here yesterday and it was everything we hoped.Hubby had the #2 combo, which was 2 eggs, 3 sausage, and 3 pancakes.  It was only $3.95!  Hygrade specializes in corned beef and pastrami, so I ordered the #4, which was 2 eggs, toast, and  mess of pastrami.  My order cost $6.00, and was well worth the money, with a mess of delicious, thin shaved, pastrami.  I piled  egg (over easy) and pastrami on the toast, added a little mustard, and happily chowed down on my mouthwatering masterpiece.  Heavenly!  Coffee is important, and Hygrade's makes a decent cup, even if it's nothing to write home about.  Fresh cream served in a real creamer is a nicer touch than individual packets.  There was no lo-cal sweetener in sight, so we went with the flow and used sugar.  I was reminded of how much tastier coffee with sugar is than coffee with artificial sweetener.The decor is a blast from the past, with 1950's-style paneling, flooring, and seating.  Charmingly dated, the interior is a wee bit down at the heels, but clean and neat.   And the icing on the cake is the service, which is efficient and friendly in that down-home kind of manner that you only seem to find in old fashioned places.Oh - and they DO take plastic now, so earlier reviews stating that they don't are out-of-date.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,8/26/2012,149,123,3,5,7>I LOVE IT!Yes, you are sitting in the middle of a brewery warehouse.Yes, it might smell a little bit like fermenting beer.Yes, they don't serve any food, and there's probably 1 bartender managing the whole room.Yes, the beer is awesome and there is plenty of it - fresh as it comes! Sold.You can find beer selections here at the Taproom that you may never find anywhere else, and it's worth it. The prices are great, the music chill, and the people... Ah, the people... As I've said before, I love Detroit - and you never know who you might meet at the Taproom. So great.Go here.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2012,8/25/2012,64,71,6,10,6>Were you listening?  I'm not so sure that you were.  You keyed in on certain phrases and words like "party store" and "Elvis" and chalked this up to some fluke fan-boy frolic through frivolous feasting.  I understand.  I've been there myself.  I held off for three visits before laying down my lavish litany describing the tantalizing trips that my taste buds were enduring. Eschewing all alliterations as ambiguous evasiveness, let's get to the next round of ridiculous ravishing.I mentioned that Dave makes pizzas.  I had never had one of his pizzas, but he exuded as much pride about them as he has for his gyros.  I decided to give it a go and venture down an unfamiliar path for me... a gyro pizza.  That's right.  I recalled Dave describing the decadent disk of gyro greatness and thought thoroughly through that theme as I dialed the number to Graceland to place my order.  About twenty minutes later, I was fighting through the crowd of rush hour acquaintances who were stopping by to fill the weekend with malted and fermented beverages of many varieties.  I almost feel sorry for those that leave with simply a beverage in hand.  There is so much being missed.  I decided to join some of their direction though and picked a pack of preferred porter to push pleasure with my pizza.  Ah, but the pie was enough on its own.  Its mastery is simplistic and genius at the same time.  Place all of the best gyro ingredients that Dave creates onto a disk of dough that's just as delicious as the flatbread that accompanies its ancestor.  Oh my!  Magic.I will be back to feast on more standard pie-shaped fare.  I've been transformed into a raving fan.  Join me.
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,8/24/2012,94,292,,5,4>El Guapo offers an assortment of tacos and burritos to try whether if you are an omnivore or a vegetarian. All the food is cooked to order and I usually have to wait 15-20 minutes for the food when I try their food at the Royal Oak Food Truck Rally. The line can get long there.The tacos are small and cheap allowing you the opportunity to have a culinary tour in one spot. Almost all their tacos I think are good and a few are really good. After trying their chicken, chorizo, braised beef, Korean, tofu, pork belly, and specialty ones, I think my favorite are the chorizo, Korean, pork belly, and tofu.All four tacos have complex flavors and none of them are one dimension. They contain fresh ingredients, moist and tender meat, well marinated, textured condiments, and their own distinct flavors. The only criticism is for their tacos shells. They use flour tortillas rather corn, more traditional approach. The corn gives the dish more flavor, texture, and sturdiness with the juices. However, corn tortillas can some times add Unintended flavors, which is what they may be trying to avoid.Try these four to get hooked and then expand your interest.
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,8/23/2012,81,147,2,10,3>Despite the fact the Mon Jin Lau happens to be right in our neighborhood, it also happens to be our go-to for upscale Chinese food.  I remember, our first time going I was a little nervous because from the outside it really doesn't look like much and when we first walked in we were greeted with pictures of 1980's celebrities littered all over the wall.  However we have been to Mon Jin Lau multiple times and it has never failed to excel our expectations.   The food is always consistent and the service attentive. They keep their sushi on the simple side and stick to what works, which I find respectable.  They use quality ingredients and stick to what works.  Also, I highly recommend their crab wontons.  Not only are they huge with cream-cheesy goodness, but they are served with a sweet and sour sauce and a really awesome hot mustard.  My husband varies his entrée choice, and everything he has had has been good.  I always get the same thing, the Seafood Spicy Noodles.  It is a yummy mix of lobster, shrimp, and scallops over pan fried noodles and black bean sauce.  I love, love, love it.  If you are in the Oakland area and want to go upscale Chinese I highly recommend Mon Jin Lau.  Just make sure you make a reservation, getting in without one is a gamble.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,8/22/2012,75,127,8,10,11>Clawson Grill is one of those places that you see when you drive by, but don't think too much of. Until you step in and try their food. I've had the pleasure of enjoying a late lunch on their patio, as well as a few hangover plagued breakfasts here. I will get decor/service/price/etc out of the way first. The decor is, as stated, cozy but dated. Don't expect much and you'll be fine. The grill is out in the open, which is a nice touch as you can watch all the food being made. The patio is very nice, with plenty of plants and a general "Hayyyy its summer" attitude going on. The service, every time I have been, has been good to top notch. Last time I went, alone for lunch, my server checked back on me pretty regularly, just the right amount of attention. Price wise, this place is on par with your average coney joint. Which is good. The food is better than most coney joints.Food here is pretty good, I would say. Their breakfast menu is pretty unique compared to what most other "grills" offer, with plenty of omelettes as well as plenty of other good breakfast staples. Everything I've eaten breakfast wise has been great, from the omelettes to the pancakes, to just their basic breakfast platter. Their lunch/dinner menu is, again, pretty standard, but seems to be a higher quality than, say, National or Kerby's. I last had the Philly Cheesesteak, which I actually really enjoyed since I knew going into it that it wasn't going to be authentic. If you really think you're going to find an authentic one around here, you're a raging moron. But for what it was, and the price I payed, it was good.I definitely love this place for what it is, just a nice little grill with reasonable prices and good quality food. Its not magically unique or something, but it has quality staples and good service. That is a lot better than most places that try to be ~so unique~
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,8/21/2012,137,360,12,7,10>One year later still rockin' it, non-stoppin' it.FIVE pelvic thrusts of delight for you, dear Beezy's. One for your fresh-baked breadTwo for your succulent Amish chickenThree for your immaculately composed flavors in absolutely positively every mealFour for all the amazing choices from healthful and light to gluttonous and food-coma-inducing (in the best of ways), from savory to sweet, from breakfast to lunch, from carnivore to veganFive for the 'tude you deliver because no one does it like you.Any more celebratory thrusts and things will get straight up vulgar. So just know that this place single-handedly made Michigan bearable for me. Beezy's is as good, if not better, than places in NYC and SF. No foolin'.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,8/20/2012,215,177,2,4,4>Wow! Ok. You win, Loui's. We've been doing carry-out from here lately and the quality has been nothing short of consistent, the pizza nothing short of delicious. Sans 'shrooms, this pie is THA BOMB. I mean, the sheer HEFT of the box alone should convince you that this isn't ordinary Detroit-style pizza.  Good job snagging a place in this thin-crust gal's heart--er, stomach!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,8/19/2012,794,350,4,4,3>Does anyone want to wrestle a Gator??? Don't worry no University of Florida fans around.Not me. Not here. But you may have to wrestle a hunger before you come here.Being newer to the Sterling Heights lunching places someone at work asked me if I wanted to grab a bite. So we sit down and he says "Do you like burgers?". WellI didn't get the nickname Buger Boy for nothing. I checked out the the nice looking pictures in the menu, you know the ones that look so good you can taste them. Then the food arrives and it looks nothing like the picture.Not here. I tried the *Hurricane Burger* 1/2 pound ground round blackened & topped with Jack cheese, grilled peppers & onions. Fantastic! The jack cheese tickled my tongue when blended with the blackened spices. Throw in a few hot pepers and this is one really good burger. This one rates right up there with some of the best in the area. Did you ever try gator jerky? Ewww..not good. But anyway, the service here was fast and friendly. Next time I stop by here I'll have that burger again with a beer, AFTER work.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,8/18/2012,219,1029,4,6,6>My friend lives 5 minutes from here. This is probably my first time in a town this rural. We spent a good 10 minutes driving on a gravel road without seeing anyone in sight. I felt there is only 1 or 2 restaurants in this small town. We arrived around 3pm after a day of canoeing and kayaking. We got an order of pickle fries with a side of ranch dressing. These were really good. It is perfect for 4 to share. I love how the pickles are slicked thin and the sour-ness goes well with the batter. The ranch sauce was cool.I am not a huge fan of American food but this place is pretty good. I got the BBQ globet- It looks like it would be dessert but it was Beans with colesaw or garlic mash potatoes topped with a slightly spicy pulled pork for about $8.39. Good deal. I don't like beans so I replaced it with more mash potatoes. It also comes with corn bread. After the pickled fries I was slightly full so I just ate half of the pulled pork and corn bread and some mash potatoes. The mash potatoes were REALLY soft and creamy. Good! I look forward to eating it tonight for dinner. The bathroom was clean and had about 3-4 stalls. It is a bit confusing as I almost went into the men's bathroom so be careful. The waitress was nice and was good at her job. I probably won't be coming back since it is a bit out in the middle of nowhere but if I ever happen to be in the town I would like to go back for more pickle fries. Yum Yum!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2012,8/17/2012,63,73,3,10,6>A favorite of the Troy Indian population, and for good reason.  There are quite a few Indian restaurants in Metro Detroit and it's sometimes a chore to separate the good from the garbage, but this is one of the few reliable options.Decor-wise, the place isn't much to write home about, from either the inside or outside, but it's not frightening either.  Just a basic storefront and an almost-perfectly square dining room.  The smell that greets you is a good indication of the food quality, though - it's spicy and aromatic, rather than the dull pungency (without being too graphically descriptive) that some of the weaker asian establishments suffer from.In terms of what I've tried, I've been a little limited by my dining company (i.e. people that don't like anything with more than a mild tingle of spicyness), but everything has been flavorful and interesting.  Their Korma is actually a little punchier than the usual, with the chicken clearly having been tossed in something pretty fiery before adding to the gravy.  Their Makhani (butter chicken) was a little yellower than usual, and perhaps not quite as thick and unctuous as some other place's offerings - Namaste, for example.  Still decent, though.  Their chilli chicken is, in my mind, perhaps the best in the area.  Get the dry version, and you won't regret it.  Layers of classic Chinese flavors...soy, garlic, scallions, green chillies.  I massacred it in no more than 3 minutes when I tried it last.From an "authenticity" perspective, perhaps they've caved somewhat, since naan and rice are included with each entree (a sore point for some authenticity sticklers).  But the flavors are there, as evidenced by the legitimately Desi clientele.I'd like to try some more extravagant menu items, but I'm very encouraged so far.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2012,8/16/2012,182,276,10,13,9>Delicious gourmet sliders and cheap craft beer delivered in a very cool facility.   The menu is centered around $2-$3 creative sliders and shoestring fries with assorted dipping sauces.  I had a tasty North Peak IPA  ($3), and my slider of choice was a Hot Brown ($3) Chicken-Mornay-Bacon), which was really interesting and complimented the beer well.  The list of sliders and fries was impressive, including the mystery meat slider which was duck.   Service was excellent and friendly, and the others seated at the bar were very fun conversationalists.  I felt at ease and wanted to stay longer, but had to return home to let the dog out :(Bottom line: A gem of a place that I pray does not fall victim to the becoming common "Slows Effect" where the staff thinks they are located in an emerging Brooklyn or Chicago, and must therefore deliver sloppy and indifferent service because they are high priests of hip, The staff is convinced that their hipster counterparts actually working in Brooklyn or Chicago must treat their customers like crap also. (They really don't).
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,8/15/2012,50,72,,7,4>I am so thrilled by this restaurant.  While I understand it is a new place, it was so clean, and tidy and orderly.  A little cumbersome for the wait staff as far as logistics etc, but a very cool location and space.The food was scrumptious.  We went there with a group of 6 adults and one infant.  Seating was no problem.  I had the veggie reuben, which was delicious, and the table shared the scrumptious yam fries with a delicious dipping sauce, at any rate we all raved about our dishes. The portions were ample, the service was top notch and the bill was reasonable ~ I believe we averaged about $15 per person for lunch with drinks and a couple of starters.No one batted an eye about our infant who wanted to explore and be an infant.I am pretty committed to helping this stay open - and hope that the reputed terrible service from Ann Arbor does not migrate here.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,8/14/2012,46,57,4,12,7>Since reading about this place here on Yelp, I've now been there three times and can't say enough about how awesome this place is. It's reasonably priced, the staff is awesome and the food is just stellar. You get bread and salad (or soup, I think) to start. If you order the salad, you MUST get the house dressing! It's incredible. So far the appetizers we've gotten have been the calamari (classic and good), the baked meatballs (delicious and, according to my meatball obsessed boyfriend "the best meatballs on the planet") and the mozzarella marinara, which is essentially a deep fried chuck of mozzarella covered in marinara sauce that puts every fried cheese stick you've ever had to shame. I hear their pizzas are good, but haven't tried them yet as I can't quite stop ordering the parmigianas. Whether it's of the veal, chicken or eggplant variety, Villa knows just how to do it right.In conclusion: if you're in the mood for real (read: not olive garden) Italian, hit up the villa.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2012,8/13/2012,69,416,7,21,6>We arrived at around 7 PM on a Thursday and found the place empty.  I was a little concerned, but we persevered and I am glad we did.  We ordered the Maha Raja Non-Vegetarian Dinner for two which included Mulligatawny Soup, a Tandoori mixed grill, Sag Paneer, Rojan Josh, Dal, Rice, |Nan, Beverages and Dessert.  It cost $ 29.99 and it was well worth it.  The Mulligatawny soup was a little unusual in that it was thickened and creamy, but it was nicely seasoned and flavorful.  The Tandoori chicken that came on the sizzling platter was tasty, albeit a little dry.  The lamb chunks and skewered lamb was rich and tasty.  The vegetables were nice too.  The Rojan Josh was the best dish of the bunch as it was rich and flavorful and the lamb was without gristle or any bones.  That one was my favorite of the night.  The Sag Paneer was good too as the homemade cheese was just the right consistency and the creamy spinach was nicely spiced.  The Dal was also rich spicy and tasty.  The Nan  was good as was the rice and we tried the Indian Iced tea which was fragrant and unusually flavored with cardamom.  Dessert was a choice between Galab Jamun and Rice Pudding and we tried the former.  Also great.The service was friendly and attentive and the portion sizes were ample.  We left with a plastic bag with some of the leftovers.I'd like to go back and try the buffet some time.
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,8/12/2012,171,85,5,7,4>Not only does this fabulous little beer shop offer tastings every Friday from 6-8 p.m. but you can get almost anything in this place by the bottle. So go ahead, mix and match. Pick and choose. Make your dream six pack or plan for a craft beer tasting party on-the-spot. Whatever beer you fancy you're sure to find it at 8 Degrees Plato, and then some. Chilled and ready to drink or lined up along the wall and shelves to wow you. If you've got a beer fan in the house, stop here on your way home to surprise him or her. They even carry a small selection of gift and food items to complement your beer-rific purchase. And the owners and staff are just as personable as can be. Walking in the door, it feels like you've been automatically welcomed into a friendly and exclusive beer club. Cheers!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,8/11/2012,258,354,8,11,7>A welcome addition to the Slows empire - the original location does not offer carry out (unless you come in and order it in person from the bar, which at that point, is enough trouble that you may as well just eat there), and sometimes you just need tasty BBQ without the 2 hour wait for a table.  The wood finished interior is similiar to that of the original.  The food is basically the same, but like any take out, it's just not quite the same quality by time you get it home.  But there is likely no way this can be avoided by even the best take out spots.  My biggest gripe was the girl working and answering the phone.  When I called in my order at 7:25, she snipped that "well you do know we close at 8:00 right"  Ummm get your panties out of a bunch there sister, that leaves 35 minutes.  I thought it was rude and it rubbed me the wrong way.  Not like I was calling at 7:50 or something.  When i got there to pick my food up (at 7:45) I heard her answer the phone with the same snippy comment to at least 2 other people calling in.  I understand a pleasant reminder if someone is calling very close to closing time, but 35 minutes before is uncalled for.  And even for the people calling at 7:45, be nicer about it.  It sucks when people call last minute but in my experience working in restuarants back in college, if we closed at 8 it meant we shut our doors at 8 and allowed no more customers in.  Not that we started keeping people out at 7:30.  Change your close time to 7:30 if that's what you want to do.Anyway...bottom line is, it's not as good as the experience of the original, but it sure works well when you don't have the whole night to waste waiting for a table.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,8/10/2012,267,274,7,10,9>Detroit Kid City is, by far, one of the nicest indoor play places that I have been to.I won't name names...but I am sure you have been to some of the other "drink coffee while my kid plays" places. I feel like the majority of the time they are overrun by employees that look miserable and the places are DIRTY and just gross. yuck. not the kind of place I want to take my kid.Detroit Kid City is like a mini city for kids (well duh...thats kind of explained in the name). There are various different areas of "town" your kid can play in. A barber shop, a bank, a restaurant, etc. There is also a craft area which seems to have a different craft every time we are there and a large open area where they have story time every day at 11am. There is also a small area for crawlers that is kind of fenced in so they are not run over by some of the older kids.EVERYTHING is spotless and CLEAN. I feel like the whole place shines. Maybe because its new? Who knows...but everytime I am there I feel like a friendly, smiling, employee is constantly walking around and cleaning things up. Oh! did I mention they have a coffee bar? Yeah. They do. And its GOOD coffee. They also have yummy smoothies that my kids are obsessed with(made with organic ingredients), random snacks, faygo & bettermade chips (I mean this is a Michigan made kid city) and they even have wheatgrass shots! Price is a little steep - its $10 per child over 1. You can buy a membership (which is currently buy 1 month get 1 free - not sure how long this is going on for but I feel like its been "on special" since they opened) which helps offset the price. All I know is when its too hot or too cold to go outside, and your kids are driving you up the wall, "Detroit Kid City" is a wonderful haven where you can sit and enjoy a fabulous iced coffee while your children play in a clean space with a HUGE smile on their face. Thats pretty much priceless.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2012,8/9/2012,172,189,6,7,7>Uber-dive.  I went here for the first time last night.  Tuesday evenings feature an open mic hip-hop night.  There was the good the bad and the ugly all wrapped up in one.  $3 ghettoblasters served up in plastic cups.  Being that it is a Vet bar the decor is great...it's kind of like an army/navy surplus with alcohol. Old machine guns and grenade launchers hanging from the ceiling with tons of memorabilia decking out the walls.   There are plenty of old couches and chairs to sit on...if yer brave.   Also the back area had a fire pit which was really nice. I'll be back.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,8/8/2012,272,268,8,12,9>This restaurant definitely caters to their customers wants, needs, and demands. Once you walk into the lobby the decor is very mid-eastern.  Beautiful floor, lobby, tables, lamps, etc.  You would think that you stepped inside Casablanca!  If you have a larger crowd they have plenty of accommodation for your group.  Hint:  if you are a group of four people, order for 2 there is so much food.  I usually order the dinner for 2 - chicken plate.  This comes with fattoush, hummous, garlic, and plenty of chicken for more than 4 people, as a matter of fact if 4 people can eat all this food I give them credit maybe think about 5 people when ordering this plate for 2 people!  The salad is large as well and will feed 4-6 people.  The prices are awesome!  This is definitely my new favorite Arabic restaurant in Dearborn!!!!  Why waste your time at other places when we have the best right there at the corner of Outer Drive and Ford Roads.  Everything that I have ordered here - either inside the restaurant or carry out is delicious.  Once I was having a large group over to my home and ordered a carry out.  This carry out consisted of basically beef and chicken, oh my God thought I'd died and gone to heaven.  Fattoush, hummous, garlic sauce, chicken schwarma, kabob, beef scwarma, beef kabob - any and all types of food and it was less than $100!!!  For a group of 20 people and it fed me for days to come.  Figure the math out - it cost $5.00 per person, boy was it worth it or not???  I think so.  The only thing that I can think of that I did not like when I was dining in was that the waitress kept on coming to the table to take our order.  Since I was with girlfriends all the way back from high school we had a lot to talk about!!!!
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,8/7/2012,148,80,7,11,7>So glad the artisan cocktail craze has finally reached the D! The bartenders craft what is now my favorite Old Fashioned variation- bourbon, demerara, bitters, and an orange peel swirled around just enough to release the oils but not bruised enough to taint the cocktail with the pith's bitterness.  To be honest the rotating and seasonal cocktails are interesting and I've tried quite a few, but what gets my giggles going is the selection of liquor and spirits available. Most recently I've been on a bourbon kick and I go to Sugar House to satisfy it - their Reserve list is amazing, the crown jewel being a VO Old Fitzgerald at a VERY high price for a 1 oz pour. One day! The tatted and vested bartenders are always friendly and willing to help find the perfect drink for any cocktail neophyte, and the live jazz music playing on select weekdays provides the perfect touch to an otherwise near-perfect speakeasy ambiance. Small plates such as charcuterie are available, but come thirsty, not hungry! Great vibe, great location (Slow's being a few doors down), and great libations - you can't go wrong!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2012,8/6/2012,59,121,3,10,9>A recent addition to my list of "Favorite Spots in the D!" From my first visit, I was hooked! Food is always terrific and reasonably-priced, drinks are strong and delicious and the staff is out of this world. Niceguy Mike, the bartender, actually started carrying the brand of vodka I prefer as I frequent the place so often and they didn't have it on the shelf. I'm sorry, but that's awesome! Be sure to check the board for the daily Happy Hour specials!There's a cute patio area in front of the building that is home to the Drink N With Doggies event every Tuesday night. Andrew's invites everyone to bring their four-legged best friend down to hang out with them while they enjoy a cocktail or meal. They even have dog biscuits on hand for the dogs! Tuesdays also seem to be very popular for the dart-playing crowd!Thursday nights focus on live music with an alternating cast of area musicians, while Fridays are home to karaoke or open mic night, depending on the week. Saturday nights tend to have live comedy or musical performances, and Sundays from 11a-4pm, they've started a jazz brunch with $2 Mimosas and Bloody Mary's. If you're not feeling social and just want to zone out with a cold beer, there are numerous tv's scattered throughout the place with a variety of programming on at any given time (Palladia, news channels, sports, etc) as well as a couple of the touchscreen video game machines. Real Detroit and Metrotimes are also on hand. Sports fans, rejoice! They also have free shuttles to the Tiger and Red Wings games!  (They also seem to have some some extra food and drink specials on game days!) Also, check out the Detroit sports memorabilia on the walls.Other highlights? They sell Atwater, both on tap and in the can. They also serve locally-made Valentine Vodka. They support local musicians! When the jukebox isn't running, listen to the overhead music! That's Detroit rock and roll, baby! The owner is pretty cool as well. Every time he comes in, he's always stopping by tables to make sure everyone is enjoying their food and having a good time.Andrews, me gusta! Thank you for maintaining such a unique charm!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,8/5/2012,52,114,2,15,7>Here's a piece of trivia for you: Chung Ki Wa is the term for a traditional Korean blue tiled roof, and the executive mansion of the South Korean president is called Cheong Wa Dae, or the Blue House, for its blue tiles. I went to Chung Ki Wa last night for the first time with the Metro Detroit Korean Meetup Group, and I was very impressed! I love me some Korean food, and I eat a lot of it. If I say this place is good. Trust me: It's good.I had made a reservation for 10 people the day prior. When we arrived, our table was already set up with waters and salads. That, my friends, is the way life should be! It gets better. Our server, Ms. Lee actually asked us (We didn't have to ask her!) if we would like separate checks! For a group of 10? Major score for Chung Ki Wa! I organize a lot of dinners for my Korean cultural group and for a student group, and I rarely find a restaurant willing to split bills and accept multiple credit cards from large groups. When a few members of our party bailed on us, our server rolled with it. No attitude. No problem. Thus, my love of Chung Ki Wa was solidified.First, our server brought out a haemool pajun (seafood pancake). It was crispy on the outside and stuffed with vegetables and seafood. Delicious! The banchan (the little side dishes that are an important part of a Korean meal) were good and included an item I had never been served at any other Korean restaurant in the past! There was sliced boiled egg that had been prepared in soybean paste; I believe. Whatever it was, I loved it! I ordered the kimchi soon tubu (fermented spicy cabbage and soft tofu soup). Bubbling hot in a stone bowl and red with pepper, it was sheer perfection. My husband and I shared an OB Gold, a Korean beer that we haven't seen at other Metro Detroit restaurants, as well.On the way out, I read a sign in Hangul (the Korean alphabet) announcing that Chung Ki Wa has pat bingsoo! I was too full to eat ice cream with shaved ice, fruit, sweet red beans, and Chinese dates last night. However, I would love to get back to Chung Ki Wa before the end of pat bingsoo season (A.K.A. summer)!I absolutely love Chung Ki Wa, and I will be back (with others)!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2012,8/4/2012,29,146,3,7,5>I usually hold off on reviewing places like this until at least 2 visits in to get a better feel for the place but I'll go ahead anyway.Went Tuesday night (630ish) and was quoted a 2 hour 15 minute wait time.  Wow.  Grabbed the pager, went up to the bar and scored 2 stools just as a pair were leaving.  Do not expect this to be the norm.  Bar was about 2-3 deep.Atmosphere inside was great.  Kept the old charm, love the skylights, and that you can just open the old garage doors to let the outside in.The menu is pretty straightforward but with a lot of options to choose from.  Basically youre eating a burger, pizza, or meatballs (or a mammoth entree portion of the great mac and cheese).Since I wanted to try way too much to encompass one meal I opted for a side mac and cheese and the macon bacon burger.  Mac and cheese is great.  Dare I say just as good as Slow's?  Burger was juicy, cooked properly, tasty, loaded with bacon.  Not sure how enthralled I was with the maple coating on the bacon as the burger had a very sweet taste as a whole.  I added some sliced red onions from the GF's and that helped.  It could use something, spicy/acidic to cut through the sweet.Banoffee pudding was perfectly tasty if not mind-blowing.Great beer list.Would definitely spring for the fired cheese curds and some kind of meatball next time as both looked great.Perhaps my biggest praise can be left for the service.  Quite honestly, it shocked me at how good it was which says a lot about what we've come to expect from the casual, hipster, foodie oriented spots.  Maybe it was because we were at the bar, but wonderful service all around.  Friendly, prompt, knowledgeable, etc.One downside is that the outside area doesn't yet have a liquor license but I'm sure one is in the works.Note:  the pager went off after about 50 minutes, not the 2 hours 15 as stated.  So don't be turned off by the wait and you'll be rewarded.if the meatballs/cheese curds are as good as they looked and the outside area gets a LL.......definite 5 star material.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2012,8/3/2012,252,310,4,9,5>Generally speaking, the more natives of an ethnicity that live near their respective restaurant - the better their food will be. For instance Middle Eastern food is delish in Dearborn, East Asian food in Madison Heights rocks, Polish food in Hamtramck is on point - you get my drift. There are Indians all over metro Detroit - and Troy is a particular epicenter of many Indian suburbanites. With that being said - Haveli provides some stiff competition to nearby Ashoka and Megha's Athidhi restaurants. Haveli fills a void in between these two competitors, and I shall explain why. Haveli has a wonderful menu and assorted selection of all the popular Indian dishes. There is a vast array of North Indian dishes, plenty of South Indian vegetarian, and limited South Indian non-vegetarian options. The inside of the restaurant is simple and modest in a pleasant way, and feels like an actual restaurant in India - as opposed to Ashoka's Westerner people pleaser interior. The staff here have the same attentive service and courtesy as you would find in an actual diner in India. Non-veg wise I have tried their butter chicken and chicken tikka masala in medium spice. Veg-wise I have had their veg biriyani, samosas, mutter paneer and palak paneer. While shy of unique homemade perfection - they were still well worth the reasonable price tags associated with them. The biriyani was loaded with veggies and samosas were as good as they come. They include sides of mint & tamarind chutney with samosas and yogurt raita with biriyani. As an Indian, I would also like to see them give some achaar pickle with the food as well! Lunch buffet is a fair $8-$9/pp depending on weekday versus weekend. Overall, I like that Haveli has a simple, quiet interior. The bathroom is kept very clean. It is nice to know that reasonable prices reflect what you are paying for (the food, and not their decorations). I still prefer South Indian non-veg options at Megha's - but for better North Indian food in a simple environment I prefer Haveli over Ashoka any day of the week. Also, they do an excellent job at catering (packaging the food sealed tight and generously  including the necessary settings). I have catered a couple of office luncheons from here and everyone was very pleased. Lastly, the kindred, gentle customer service from Elias (who is a manager and almost always there) is unparalleled.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,8/2/2012,54,116,2,10,8>What a wonderful night!My date and I had intended on dining at a different place close by but they were booked for the evening... JM was available and we were easily able to make reservations online.  When arriving at the Ren Cen, I suggest parking in the garage near the Marriott entrance.  Take the cross-walk from the 5th floor and you can take the stairs or elevator down to the entrance.  From there, a hostess greeted us warmly and went to check for a table.  She returned seating us in a booth with a beautiful view of the Detroit river.   The dining room is loud, so don't expect a quiet conversation, but the noise is the sound of laughter, conversation, and music... I enjoyed it all.  The decor is stylish and the sights from the window combined made this almost magical.  Next, we met our server, Alyssa (who was everything anyone could ever ask for in a server and more -  I highly recommend).  She helped me select a cocktail and we placed our orders for the appetizers.  We chose to sample the deviled crab balls and the shrimp Ilene.  My S/O is a "shrimp" man and he raved about that dish.  I, on the other hand, fell in love with the deviled crab balls - probably the best crab appetizer, #2 at worst - I have ever tasted.  Just perfection. Alyssa explained to us some specials going on that evening in great detail.  I stuck with the menu's surf/turf dish of scallops and short ribs paired with a martha's vineyard.salad.  My S/O chose a special surf & turf of filet with a colossal lobster tail. and blue crab potatoes.  At this point, Alyssa did something I greatly appreciated.  She let us know the cost of the surf.turf that was not on the menu (it was admittedly a higher priced item).  I know she was probably debating if that was rude to do so, but she did so tastefully and to be honest I am GLAD she did... so I don't know if everyone else will like that, but boo to you, I did... because even though I can afford to splurge for dinner, I would have been a little shocked.  My salad was tasty and the dressing was just right.  But when our entrees arrived, I was in heaven.  My scallops were LARGE and tasty.  The lobster my S/O had was flown in earlier that day and had to be the freshest lobster I have tasted... (remember that high price issue I mentioned earlier, it was worth every penny - total fireworks).  The steak was juicy and my short ribs were fork tender.  I was not overly thrilled with the potatoes... not bad, just not as over-the-top fabulous as everything else that had touched my palate that evening.  Also, Alyssa was able to help us find just the right wine for our meal even taking a few extra steps for us when one bottle did not, at first, appear to be available (she made it happen flawlessly).I recall reading somewhere that JM slacked a bit in portion size, maybe I read that wrong but I strongly disagree.  You get what you pay for here -  from the food to the service to the view.  Also, while people-watching we noticed how much time goes into the table settings here.  It took at least THREE people to inspect and hold up to the light the glasses and utensils on EACH and EVERY table.  Made me go home and double-check all my wine glasses (I would have failed the Joe Muer test miserably).  We were stuffed with leftovers to go.  However, we remembered this dessert tray we'd passed on the way in.  Alyssa suggested the coconut cake.  My date isn't a coconut man, but he knows it's my world, he's just in it so I chose it anyways.  One bite and he was sold.  If I had not been so stuffed I would have ordered a second slice... in fact, we have been waiting for an excuse to go back and get an appetizer and a slice of that cake.  I even took some home and it was just as delicious in the morning.  My mouth is watering thinking of it now - do not skip dessert here.All in all, one of the best dining experiences in my life.  We paid a pretty penny but it's well worth it.  And, honestly, you do not HAVE to go all out here if that's not your "thing" and you still can have an amazing experience.  I found the prices to be very reasonable (and actually lower than expected) here - especially now that I know what you get.  Joe Muer, I hope you stick around Detroit for many years to come... I believe you and I will be seeing more of each other for a long time.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,8/1/2012,181,189,2,9,5>I have gotten massage therapy many times all over the country and so far Rebecca at Royal Oak Massage is the one of the best in Michigan. I had some terrible neck and back aches recently, and I went to Royal Oak Massage which I googled near my work. I'm really glad to picked them because after just one session, I felt much better.The only thing they could do to make it little better is to have the rooms darker.The price is just right.I will be going back for sure.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,7/31/2012,43,42,9,11,12>Hands down to Social for being one of the top 10 best meals I've ever had. Ed and I finally got to go to dinner with our good friend, a long overdue event, and we're pleased as Social Punch that we did! We arrived as soon as they opened, placed at a table by the window facing due south on Maple in downtown snootytown, a great people watching spot. We started with the wonderfully seasoned fried brussel sprouts and couldn't get enough of those delicous lil guys. Next up we decided to share the Strawberry salad (honestly the best salad I've ever had, with strawberries... of course, spinach, caramelized cornbread, pickled ginger, goat cheese, granola, and ginger balsamic vinaigrette), grilled scallops (in a giant bowl of gazpacho goodness), and their mac n cheese side (so damn good). For round three we went with the Naan Grilled Cheese (with tomatoes and cheddar and most likely crack, since I couldn't stop eating it), the Falafel (which makes me want to fly to Lebanon to see if they made it better, which they most likely have not), and the awe-inspiring Sea Bass, complete with perfect crispiness...and noodles to go with it, capers, olives, and the perfectly seasoned spicy tomato sauce...absolute heaven. For dessert we went for the cookie jar (despite the chef's personal recommendation). That night the cookies were coconut macaroons, chocolate chip, and honey graham. Sounds simple and easy but one can easily screw up the classics, and these far surpassed my expecatations. Finally we had the banana pudding, which worked out great since I could dip the honey graham yumyum into the pudding for the full on top off. The service was great, he may very well have been Seth Rogen, but he just turned out to be a cool dude named Randy. The decor was fantastic...wood, colored wood, wood walls, wooden doors, and then a bevy of red and white chairs to plop upon. Side note time....when in Birmingham, one would never anticipate or expect the table sitting next to you to A. say hello...B. chat...or C. share every plate that they received in an orgasmic foodfest while mentioning how nobody is social or friendly anymore. Here, in the onslaught of appearance upholding, social stature, and unfriendly demeanors, is the epitome of good time fun mixed with actual and genuine social fun! I'll be spending too many paychecks here. Written by Brad, who's just hijacked Ed's yelp.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,7/30/2012,117,288,4,4,3>After a glorious helping of Pretzel Bread from the Yelp CMYE event, I knew that I would be back at the Wurst bar. Even though their website needs some reworking, I was able to see that they did have trivia available. I am not much of a drinker, nor am I much of a brat eater, but I do love me some trivia. I basically love any bar that has things for the teetotaler to do.They have an okay dollar or something per play jukebox, they have darts, foosball and pool in the backroom, and they have a skeeball machine!Now, it's not Chuck e Cheeses, and unfortunately each play is four times as much as you would get at Chuck's, but it's still incredibly fun. Bonus is that if you are good and can get four hundred points, you can score a discount off of your tab. So far I haven't been able to hit the 100 slot more than once, but it's great to try.Back to trivia, I had only been to trivia at a few places, but the Wurst Bar has got quite a good crowd on their Wednesday trivia nights. With $2 shots of jameson, and $2 PBR cans, you can get a good buzz on if you're so inclined. I did notice that they didn't seem to have air conditioning on or maybe it was too early to turn on, so it was kind of warm, but not too uncomfortable. I don't mind the seating, it's not exactly handicap friendly, but they do have some booths with chairs across from them.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2012,7/29/2012,107,357,2,4,2>I'm kinda bummed I didn't try Buddy's sooner. I'm a "light sauce" pizza kinda gal and always felt their style of pizza would turn me off. Wrong. Even though the sauce is on top of the pizza, it's just perfect!There's not much about Buddy's I can report that hasn't already been said... The square pizza is full of flavor, their pillowy breadsticks are delicious and I'm in love with their crispy mac and cheese. The service has been good in my several visits. I'm quickly becoming a regular at this place.(Keep an eye out in your 2012 Entertainment books because there are some great Buddy's coupons in there!)
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2012,7/28/2012,203,109,10,14,15>My first bite of what I consider a perfect pizza didn't happen at Fresco's. It didn't even happen too recently. I remember that first bite, that first high if you will, and I've been chasing it ever since. They say you can never recreate that first high. They were wrong. My first bite of Fresco's pizza felt like that first pizza high. My eyes rolled back into my head and that trip didn't end until my stomach's protest that it was at capacity. The perfect crispy, but pillowy thin crust comes from a wood burning oven, not magic like my scientific mind would have thought. 750*F for two minutes is apparently all the magic necessary. The sauce is so good I ordered it in a cup to drink. It's made with peeled tomatoes imported from Italy, and is more of a tomato puree than a sauce. The flavor is so fresh, and so acidic that it makes my taste buds literally yearn for more. The fresh mozzarella seems a little more dense than usual, so it sticks to the crust and doesn't slide off. This is not the kind of mozzarella that is seen and not heard (or, tasted, in this case). Its flavor is rich and salty, which demands a sauce that can cut through and compliment it (which it does proudly). In retrospect, that's really all I needed, fresh and simple. I did order pepperoni and mushrooms, which were fresh and flavorful. At a place like this you expect genuine ingredients like real pepperoni and fresh mushrooms, and they wouldn't do it any other way. It seems their pizza philosophy transfers over into their actual, physical space. The place is classy, clean, and understated. It looks good, and it's not trying to be trendy. My only wish is that they refocus their wine and beer menu. It's very basic, and perhaps an after thought. With such good pizza, I'd like to see a quality wine list that compliments the great flavors they offer. With that said, I feel like I've got a disastrous pizza addiction in the making...
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,7/27/2012,44,82,7,6,4>The food at this place is off the chain! All you can eat for $16 bucks and totally worth the drive from Ann Arbor. Don't be fooled by the super pretty placement of the food in the pictures here on Yelp. It's all-you-can eat til your jeans rip, but mind you, it's a buffet restaurant with service. They'll bring out your salad and cornbread before inviting you to the main entree food line. And their sweet tea is like liquid candy---amazing!! Their collard greens and black eyed peas and their catfish, holy crap. My advice: Hit the gym before coming here so you don't feel so bad maxing out your day's calories!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,7/26/2012,60,174,2,3,5>The boy and I came here for dinner to celebrate his 25th birthday, before heading over to the Redford for "Jay & Silent Bob Get Old". We'd heard some wonderful things about the place and had been wanting to check it out. We also wised up and checked out the Frequent Diners Program ahead of time, and learned that, at No.VI Chophouse during the months of March & April, Frequent Diners got 25% off their bill on Fridays and Sundays! Being that it was a Friday we were dining there, we lucked out!The place was almost completely empty when we walked in. It was a little odd to get to because you walk in through outer doors that say "No.VI Chophouse," but then you're inside the hotel - then you go around a weird partition wall and into the restaurant. All the while, you're smelling chlorine from what I assume is an indoor pool. Luckily, the smell does not waft into the restaurant. Being a Californian, I LOVE that smell, but I don't think I want it intermingling with a fine dining experience!We were seated immediately for our 530pm reservations. The tables near the front are set up in an interesting manner - you're facing outward, no matter what (the boy said that the place must've been designed by someone in the mob, lol). The place is dimly lit, and rather pretty, I might add.I started with the crab & brie bisque (YUM YUM YUM), & the boy started with the spinach and bacon salad, which he loved. I went with the 8oz filet for my entree, and he went for the 14oz NY strip. We opted for the steamed broccoli, lobster mac & cheese, and garlic whipped potatoes for sides, since we couldn't narrow it down any further than that. Everything was DELICIOUS. My filet was cooked perfectly and was melt-in-your-mouth tender.For dessert, the boy had some sort of peanut butter mousse sort of thing which was served in a chocolate cup, which he adored. I had the chocolate lava cake. Both amazing.Definitely worth the trip for a special occasion dinner. The place is definitely spendy - I spent about $150 with tax/tip, after the 25% off (& that's WITHOUT alcohol). Loved the place, and we'll be back!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,7/25/2012,198,632,2,7,5>We followed Allen L's recommendation and gave ourselves over to our sushi chef Bongsup, allowing him to create our meal for us, one carefully crafted piece at a time.  I can't explain how special I felt... and how hard it was, at first, to give up control over my meal.  I quickly realized a number of things.  I actually liked sea urchin.  A lot.  I thoroughly enjoyed the more complex, fishier flavors (think mackerel vs my beloved tuna and salmon).  I also loved the special touches the chef added to each piece making it a work of art - the perfectly placed citrus-herb paste dot on top, or the paper thin slice of lemon.  I was most surprised to find that I COULD eat sushi without soy and wasabi (Bongsup would tell us 'no soy' for certain pieces... and he was right).  We tasted the fish, and not just the salty burn, and it was gooooood.Two+ hours later, we reluctantly told him we were done.  What a magical experience!  The bill made me sink my fingernails into Ken's arm, but we'd drank a fair bit, had two appetizers and enough sushi to easily feed 4 hungry men.We went back a month later, sat in front of Bongsup, and had the same experience.  I'm looking forward to our next visit.If you're a true sushi or sashimi fan, I recommend Sharaku.  If you think sushi = only a bunch of funky rolls where cream cheese makes a regular visit (and I must admit, me like-y too), this place may not be for you.
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/24/2012,157,137,4,10,6>Thank god I gave Far East a second try.Extremely hungover this past Sunday, the boyfriend and I had serious cravings for some Thai/Chinese food.  Far East is very convenient, because they are one of the few Thai/Chinese places who open early (let alone) on a Sunday (11-9).  First let me start off by saying the customer service here is excellent.  The man at the counter (the owner?) is very friendly, and attentive to the creation of your meal.  I could tell he cared about the preparation and wanted it to be perfect.  Love it.I ordered the red Thai curry, and my boyfriend ordered General Tsoo's chicken. My curry came in the biggest carry out container I've ever seen (it lasted me through dinner, lunch & dinner the next day).  The color of  the curry was beautiful...a deep red, with mounds of fried tofu, onion, broccoli, and peppers.  The heat of this dish was very good (they said they normally don't make stuff very spicy, so make sure you tell them EXTRA HOT, if you're into that kinda thing...).  Along with the heat, the curry had a very thick, rich consistency.  I was very pleased.My boyfriend loved his General Tsoo's chicken & fried rice.  The chicken was perfectly cooked.  Once again, he had a massive portion (but was able to eat it all - what a guy!)I will definitely go back!  Some people are saying they were put off at first because it seems Americanized...but that doesn't change the quality of the food.  Definitely check it out!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,7/23/2012,504,642,3,9,5>In my world, Detroit might be a bit brighter if we set out little wrought-iron tables on the sidewalk, armed cyclists with striped shirts and baguettes under their arms, and started stringing faerie lights everywhere. At least someone shares my vision, at least so far as importing Parisian café culture goes.Crepes hold a certain magic embedded in years of French movies and visions of Audrey Hepburn or Brigitte Bardot effortlessly sailing around Paris, dining at streetside cafés, and solving world problems in chic black dresses. I adore the everchanging flavours and sophisticated combinations as a diner who forever wants to try something new. You can find me peering up at the chalkboard trying to pick my dame of the week every other Saturday or so. Good Girls Go to Paris gives me a slice of France by way of Detroit, the layered  menu-board taunting me with endless variations on classics. Questions are perplexing; did Audrey have to grapple with "sweet or savory" before determining the best course of action to locate $200,000 in hidden CIA money? I love me some savory crepes, but Good Girls honestly does sweet best. The penultimate decider: cheesecake. That's right, you can add cheesecake to any crepe, but why would you spoil brie or sweet basil and red pepper? Put cheesecake where it belongs, in your crepe and then in your mouth. Selections range from simple, like basic ricotta cheese and fruit or veggies, on up to complex imaginings of a mind fevered on old 60s movies depicted in larger-than-life posters on the walls. I invariably gravitate to different pairings like the lemon-and-more-lemon option to berries drizzled in chocolate. My beau likes the diet devastating one with Butterfinger. I forget the names of the ladies given to the crepes, but it doesn't matter anyways because I love my substitutions and the wicked glee gleaming in the eyes of the girls behind the counter when I give them ideas. I've let them loose on occasion to mix things up when the shop isn't too busy. It's hard to go wrong here, and preparation is done promptly and well. I usually end up trying to inhale my crepe because I so enjoy the products of my culinary experimentation. I always pair up a cup of tea, as they carry Revolution and I like the Dragon oolong like nothing else. Other beverage options are limited, but there is limoncello and coffees on hand. If this will be an issue, I suggest stopping at Fourteen East Café or the Japanese restaurant in the building to buy a diet Coke or whatever tickles your fancy. Seating is at a premium at prime time (which is apparently any time), and a sign warns people crepes are made to order rather than fast food affairs. So sit back, open a can of Limoncello, and indulge in a slower pace of life that our hectic day-to-day grind could stand to adopt. Here people are enticed to put their fork down long enough to give actual sentences, not monosyllabic grunts. The rich pairings of food are a meditative foodie's dream. If you subscribe to the school of experiencing your food through slow eating, Good Girls will be your nirvana.Parking in Midtown can be difficult, as it's metered all along Kirby Street in front of the DIA. Save yourself some trouble and park in the adjacent garage at the Park Sheldon because all parking is validated at Good Girls. Show them your ticket and have them sign it, then waltz over to the desk inside the building. It's worth the diversion just to step back in time and admire the glorious marble foyer, the Golden Age architecture (Beaux Art, I think), and a nifty brass clock. Interior shops are starting to fill out, so a stop at the Peacock Room is a must for a bit of browsing while your meal settles. Free parking and secure, voila! Why not run across the street to the library while you're at it?
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,7/22/2012,200,255,4,6,4>Dear Matsuchan, I wish you were closer to my house.And yet this is a 45-minute drive I will gladly make since it is the closest ramen place to me, and tasty to boot.I've had the tonkotsu (pork bone soup) ramen and the shio (clear broth) ramen.  Both broths (wow, that looks weird) were very flavorful, although a bit on the salty side.  The humongous bowl comes packed with perfectly chewy noodles, seaweed, scallions, pork, fish cake, and bamboo shoots.  You can also sprinkle some dried chili pepper powder (togarashi) in your bowl for a bit of added pep.My tonkatsu-loving boyfriend got the curry tonkatsu (breaded pork cutlet with curry sauce and rice, as well as miso soup on the side) but did not enjoy it as much.  And I did not like their udon so much either.  Lesson learned: when at a ramen shop, order ramen, and you will be richly rewarded!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2012,7/21/2012,151,367,6,11,6>Two words: HAPPY HOUR.Let me explain...On Friday and Saturday nights (and maybe even Thursdays but I'm not sure) Inyo is the place to get boozy without spending too much cash.  That's right folks, Inyo has a weekend night happy hour.  From 11pm to 12:30am, you can get $4 Patron shots, $2 wells and $3 Pearl-bombs.  You and a decently sized group of friends can be done within pennies of a 50 dollar bank note.   Perfect for a cheap night out but with fancier surroundings.  And to top it off, the servers and bartenders on the Friday and Saturday nights are pretty cool.    Inyo also offers another happy hour around a more traditional happy hour time.  During that happy hour window, they still offer fantastic drink specials alongside some more moderately prices sushi rolls and other app dishes.  I haven't experience that one, so I can't comment.  I also can't comment on the food that much seeing I've only eaten here once.  The only time I ate here, I tried a fancy sushi roll.  It did its job, it wasn't amazing nor was it bad...it just was.  Inyo has quite the list of 'fancy' and over the top sushi rolls (meaning fried, saucy or overstuffed), so if that's what you like, Inyo is a total win for you.  Meanwhile, I'll just stick to those cheap drinks on those late weekend nights...they're a total win for me!  Cheers!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,7/20/2012,376,267,6,19,10>DISCLAIMER: Let's get this out of the way. It's cafeteria/market style restuarant. NOT a full service sit down restaurant with waiters/waitresses. Let's just get that out in the open so there isn't so much confusion. I honestly don't get the bashing solely based off of the market style concept. Big cities like Chicago and New York have places like this everywhere and I personally think, they work great. Especially for the lunch crowd. Relax, take your time and enjoy the great food.They have a pizza station, a salad station, a sandwich station and a bakery/pastry section. It's just that simple. You place your order and they bring it to you. So what's with all the fuss?!The pizza. Thank you sweet sweet heavens for Crispelli's pizza. My hubs and I split the pizza Margarita with fresh mozzarella, fresh basil and fresh slices of tomato. It's made right there in a brick oven. The crust is gloriously thin and crispy, but not cracker thin. We then split the Crispelli's salad. It was so fresh and really delicious with black olives, carrot shreds, parmesan cheese, cucumbers, garbanzo beans, cherry tomatoes all tossed in a nice and light italian dressing and topped with a couple fresh bread rolls. I have not tried the sandwiches or pannini's but they looked really delicious and fresh on nice crusty bread. Yum. I'll be back to try those suckers out. And they had a variety of desserts that looked really amazing...fruit tarts and other little concoctions that appeared to be creme brulee!  To drink they have anything from fountain drinks, to perrier, to beer, to wine and various juices. The atmosphere itself is nice and inviting inside...modern, clean & lots of seating. Their outdoor seating looks enticing too. I look forward to the nice sunny summer days and noshing on some tasty za out there on the patio.Another plus? It's so very affordable! A small pizza margarita and salad and two fountain drinks was all just 20 bucks for two people. I think that's a pretty great value. I could see being disappointed if you came here on a date night expecting a full service restaurant but I think some Yelpers are holding that assumption against the main focus of the place itself, the FOOD!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,7/19/2012,409,83,3,9,5>The pizza is truly fantastic and I can't wait to go back. I'm not going to bore you with telling you how good the place is but rather give you some tips. There are two categories to order from: white pizza and red pizza. The white in-which I'm sure you guessed has no sauce and the red has the traditional red sauce. If you decide to do a white ask for a touch of sauce on the pie or on the side for dipping. The tomato sauce will mellow out some of the richness the white pizza embodies. If you enjoy a certain item on your pie ask for there to be extra because they do sometimes don't add enough of the certain item that you want. The place gets extremely busy and does not have abundance of seating and is cold in the winter. If you're trying the place for the first time then go during off hours so you can have relaxing experience. Also, bring a jacket because the inside is sometimes cold because of the size and probably how old the building is. The employees are pleasant and don't feel afraid to ask questions because they love to help.The pizza itself is a thin crust almost similar to the traditional pizza's and breads you get in Italy but, Detroit style! I love every aspect of the dough because its quality. They always cook it to perfection although there is some room for improvement. I have notice the lack of toppings on the pie's. I'am a prosciutto fanatic and I love Serrano, Di Parma, Smoked, Spanish, and Italian brands, you name it I'll eat it, thats why I tried the Affumicata aka "Smoky." This pie was delicious but lacked the amount of proper distribution of ingredients. I took pictures and was going to post and show that this wasn't an illusion. The pizza's are so good and everyone has great things to say so why be too critical because after all its some of the best pizza around, if not the best.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,7/18/2012,53,254,2,4,3>My wife loves shopping locally.  I like it, but it is super important to her.  I love no pressure salesmanship. My wife appreciates it, but I'm the type of person to run out the store to go home and shower when I get smarmy, in your face d-bags trying to upsell you on a tru-coat package.Needless to say, our Van Winkle experience left us both feeling warm and fuzzy inside. Of course in addition to being locally owned and no pressure, the staff was super friendly, the prices low and service was impeccable. I don't know when I will next need a mattress, but I will be going back to Van Winkle for it. Cheers.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,7/17/2012,58,160,,6,4>Had a date with my husband on Friday night at this place.  We were a big fan of Fonte De Amore in Livonia when it was open and found out the chef opened this place.  We did not have reservations and were seated at a table for two in the main dining area immediately, very nice.  We started out with the Carpaccio, I had never had it before, it was very nice, but not my cup of tea.  I ordered the special, which was grouper and it was very nice.  My husband ordered their signature pasta dish, Strozzapreti Norcina, it was decadent and delicious.  The service was fantastic and the sommelier was well informed and helped us out quite a bit with the wine list.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2012,7/16/2012,41,50,,6,5>The number 1 fear I have when smaller restaurants open a second location, is that the consistency of the food. This location is just as good if not better than the original! Large space with loads of seating means shorter waits. We also got our meal in under 5 mins! Also tried out the pizza this time. Nice thin crispy crust on our sausage and pepper pizza. Great ingredients make this a tasty pizza! Also less high tops ;) yay!!!The wait staff was super nice and helpful as always. I'm closer to this one, so I'm sure this will be a weekly destination now!P.S. I'm addicted to this corn bread!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,7/15/2012,44,163,2,22,5>Samosa House is a Somali restaurant (the only one in Michigan a friend mentioned) and it's owned/run by two sisters who also do most of the cooking and table service. The place is very clean and spare on the inside, the owners are extremely friendly, nice people (good sense of humor). They do need some sort of music/tv on as it can be tooooo quiet (and hard to talk as a result).Apps:Spicy Potato:Creamy/fluffy mashed potato mixed with spices, made into an egg-shaped patty, dipped in egg and deep fried... medium spicy and satisfyingly comfort-foody."Falafel":Like the best corn muffin/hushpuppy you've ever had. Slightly sweet, crumbly-moist, crisp outside, interior studded with creamy diced (hominy?) and beans here and there, very addictive. Nothing like Arabic/Lebanese Falafel.Samosas (are HUGE, the size of a donut-shop turnover) almost a meal in themselves...remind me of triangular curried pot-pies.Beef Samosa: I like this with the tamarind sauce, as the sour-sweet really brightened up the flavor. Minced beef, peas, potato, carrot.Veggie Samosa: Coconut, potato, onion, preserved lemon, with carrots and peas, really good with a dab of the jalapeño sauce.There are also chicken and lamb samosa - I did not care for the lamb, but the rest of the table did. The chicken was mild and tasty - great with the jalapeno sauce.Other Goodies:Steak Sandwich: I HUM with praise for this sandwich...chapati separating into buttery leaves, the crisp, thin, spicy steak, crunchy lettuce, tomato, fried potato, sprinkle of (parmesan?) cheese, and a sweet-smokey house sauce...yum.Minato: A Somali "sloppy joe" but with the filling encased in bread dough instead of a bun. Mild and homey.Lamb Curry: Creamy (but no cream) lamb dish with potato, carrot, peas, onions...I'd order this with a side of the house rice, the house rice is wonderfully spiced with cardamom, pepper, garlic, and a few other things we couldn't deduce but great result. Breads:Chapati - buttery goodness (used for the steak sandwich), a tender layered bread with crispy exterior.Mufo - sweet, yeasty, dense, chewy pancake-type bread.AngJero (sp?) - a thin glutinous, chewy, soft, sweet bread - great to mop up curry.I really like this place...I think it will be a regular stop for us from now on.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2012,7/14/2012,127,343,,7,4>OH MAN, finally went back to have Luigi's lamb chops after having a bite my cousins last month. I don't know what they do to these chops but holy heck tender doesn't do them justice. 6 or 7 chops nicely sized and cooked medium rare with garlic, spinach and feta. Served with soup salad and a side of your choice. I'm drooling just thinking of them.Service as usual was awesome. This place is what all restaurants service and food wise should aspire to.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,7/13/2012,125,326,5,9,6>As time goes on, I've learned to love Delux more and more... EVEN when it gets crowded... especially if I sneak in just before the rush to grab a table or bar stool.Jay Brown is awesome, which helps me love it even more.  The drinks do not fail me- although $5 Thursdays is sure to be the death of me one day!  The bartending ladies usually forget to wear most of their clothes, but even that does not bother me.  This just an all-around fun place to spend a night throwing some back with friends - or hell, even by yourself!Get the pink taco ;)
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2012,7/12/2012,1388,1056,23,31,25>I hesitate to share this. The first therapist I *matched* with at Balance was Chris. I wrote a big gushy review and the next thing I know I can never get an appointment with her. The secret? I don't mind anymore. I have a new *match* in David Paul.I walked into Balance at the last minute as usual. I was hunched over, my shoulders knotted up, my neck pinched, my feet aching, my ankles swollen and suffering with a headache that was threatening to ruin my whole weekend. I had opted for a half and half massage today. A half hour of reflexology and a half hour of back and shoulders. It is the world's most perfect combo, particularly for an uber tense person like me. David is super patient in untangling every single knot. If he can make me relax, he can probably turn you into a big pile of mush. Heck I was pretty close to there myself. David's like bacon, he makes everything better. I love that you can be quiet or chatty with him. Either way he goes with the flow. It's not awkward a bit. It feel like his only care is in making your body feel and work better, any way that makes you the most comfortable while he accomplishes that goal is all good with him. His techniques are a bit different than a lot of the local therapists, maybe because he did not get his training at Irene's or AAIMT (not that I don't adore therapists trained at either of those places :-) ).He has such a great back technique.You feel almost ironed, like the kinks are just straightened that easily. The strokes are mostly long, soothing and nicely insistent without ever feeling uncomfortable or like the pressure is too hard. Instead of tackling the problem areas with too much force in a manner that leaves you feeling bruised and battered, David's method feels more like coaxing your muscles into yielding like it was their own idea. The result is all the ease you are seeking without the ouch that can happen if you are super sensitive like I am. His method causes a wonderful deep down ahhhh feeling as the massage winds down for me. It is kind of incredible.Suffer from swollen ankles? On your feet all day? Just love a foot massage? Look no further. David is a magician. An angel. A godsend. My feet feel a-maz-ing. I feel incredible. So terrific I did something I never do, I rebooked for next month before I left. I made an actual commitment. This from a woman who has 782 reviews for different businesses around the greater Detroit/Ann Arbor area. I don't usually do loyalty.I cannot resist the end result I get here. I walked out of here not only upright but with a spring in my step. My feet two sizes smaller, my cankles gone. That headache? Forgotten. I am risking losing another therapist due to oversharing on Yelp but I can't keep it to myself. David is too awesome to keep a secret.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2012,7/11/2012,190,319,2,6,6>Previously located on Grand River/Greenfield they have moved to the Greenfield Plaza. Pretty Girl Rock is pretty cool because they have cute clothes for both the petite and girls with curves 9aka plus size). The atmosphere is welcoming and the boutique tradition lives on with the dainty jewelry and unique sitting area. It is a small, local business and the owner is personable and helpful. Most things are updated via facebook so you can see what is coming in before even hitting the store. A PLUS for me because it makes it more convenient when you know that you'll find something you want when visiting. Customer service is great and they are helpful with putting together an outfit. I like to shop where people aren't pushy. The last time I visited the old location when the power was out and it was extremely hot. They saw me sweating and offered me FREE, cold bottled water. Pricing is reasonable and they have new stock every 1-2 weeks which is essential for a young lady looking to accentuate her wardrobe.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2011,7/10/2012,62,61,1,3,2>Ann Arbor, I am unlocking all of your secrets.  My most recent discovery: Plum Market is pretty awesome.After commenting to a friend that buying wine, beer and alcohol in Ann Arbor's "Party Shoppes" is a bit depressing (grubby interior and expensive prices, but that will go into a different review...) she enthusiastically told me about Plum Market and it's impressive wine and beer selection.  I was very impressed with Plum Market.  Upon walking in were several mountain sized displays of sale items, including 2 for 1 bottles of Smoking Loon.  (Yes, please!)  In addition to the great wine and beer selection, the produce looked good and they carry a great amount of California products like Peet's Coffee and See's Candy.  Stopping here was a great supplement to grocery shopping at Trader Joe's.  Plum Market has all the great things I like to buy that Trader Joe's either doesn't carry (like beer, wine & cans of Manwich) or choose to skip (TJ's produce).From now on all of my big grocery shopping trips will consist of a drive to Trader Joe's then a sweep through Plum Market.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2012,7/9/2012,142,231,3,6,6>I really can't say enough about the Redford Theatre.    Their selection of classic movies has drawn me there on a number of occasions, and I'm never disappointed.The latest venture was to see Gone with the Wind.  Undoubtely one of the longest movies ever created.    Since LivingSocial had a special going on, the theatre was absolutely packed.    However, every seat has a decent view.    Plus it's kind of fun to see a movie from a balcony.    Although there were some idiots sititng behind us, we made it through the movie with flying colors!  They even had an intermission which made me think I was seeing a Broadway show.This place is a true step back in time when going to the movies was an event.  It has an Asian theme to it which I suspect has something to do with the old Grauman's Chinese theatre in Hollywood.   Although the theatre is old, it has been maintained extremely well over the years.The organ that plays is perfect 'old time' entrance music and gets you in the mood for a classic film.    Not to mention concessions are cheap!  They are a non-profit theatre so please go there to see a film and keep the place running!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2012,7/8/2012,217,264,3,5,5>Wow this place is one of the least gimmicky and most authentic places in Detroit. Whether you are a meat lover or not, walking down the Eastern Market strip and hearing their karaokee from afar, you'll be intrigued. How much more detroit can you get when a guy is singing "my girl" while the biggest barbeque party is going on on a saturday afternoon?I dare you to refuse their food once you come across their giant grill full of awesome meats. I couldn't. I got the BBQ ribs and bought their sauce afterwards. It was the best BBQ i have ever had. yes it's better than slow's.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,7/7/2012,7,56,,8,6>I have been here multiple times and love it. The place is a hole in the wall and the meals are made for sharing. They wait staff is real low key,  which makes sharing slightly more comfortable, if you are not accustomed to eating that way. English is managed with difficulty, but they are friendly and eager to please. Saudi and Yemenite television plays while you dine. Most of the clients are Yemenites.Now on to the food.First and foremost is the tandoor bread. They use a clay oven to make large, beautiful, chewy and slightly charred bread that is a great accompaniment to any meat and rice dish. The meats are fall-off-the-bone succulent. LIke suck out the marrow succulent. Their beef and chicken are outstanding.Rice is made with saffron. The basmati is thus white with flecs of orange throughout, which means that they do not soak the saffron stands, first, but it works. The stews are great. I have tried the Seltah and Fattah and they are great and have a fennel seed foam on top.The lamb soup is outstanding. Be sure to order it. It is little more than broth, but oh what broth. It comes with a ledge of lemon - be sure to squeeze in a little lemon juice. Tumeric is used to create the broth, too.The sandwiches are a great to-go option. The meat is tasty and the bread is wonderful - it is a sesame bread. Only once was I disappointed in my sandwich, like the bread had been pressed. That is the only miss I have ever had on multiple visits.They have a tasty hot tea that you can serve yourself into styrofoam cups.Finally, if it is your first visit and you have a dining partner, I recommend you order the Sheeba Platter (there are two Sheeba Platters - although I am sure it is fine, order the platter which is not made up of kebabs). It is a huge plate of rice with tons and tons of differently prepared meats on top. Eat it up with your tandoor bread.Overall, I would say this is my favorite eatery in Detroit.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,7/6/2012,57,68,,10,12>Staying at the Honor & Folly reminded me of experiences in the past when I would stay at very small-scale inns or self-catering apartments in Europe. You get a place to lay your head and you get a feel for what it's like to live in a place. In a sense, visiting Detroit is like visiting another country. It defies convention and expectation and pulls you in. Honor & Folly is a terrific place to fall in love with the city. It's perched above three essential places: a BBQ joint, a cocktail bar and a coffee shop. Across the street is the iconic ruin of Michigan's central station. Down Michigan is downtown Detroit. The interior is beautiful and driven by a strong design aesthetic. Goods like blankets, dishes and cutting boards are for sale and their makers have fascinating only-in-michigan stories. The proprietress, Meghan, is a design connoisseur and clearly a linker of people, who cultivates a very easygoing vibe while sacrificing nothing in terms of the quality of  visual effect. Every object in every room seems to have a functional and decorative purpose. Here's what you need to know about Honor & Folly. Parking is street only and because Slows BBQ is so popular (as in wait for two hours for a table popular), many people are parking on the street. Even so, we had no problem finding a decent spot within view of where we were staying. This is a self-catering place so you can buy food and cook it up, but there's no breakfast with the bed. We bought coffee downstairs, had them grind it and then brewed our own little french press each morning. I highly recommend this inn. If you've given serious thought to exploring Detroit or just want a nest-like getaway, check it out.The Honor & Folly site describes the inn as:"A small-scale, design-focused Detroit inn, Honor & Folly is reminiscent of the way folks used to travel: a few beds above the village pub or restaurant with a hearty breakfast. You'll be immersed in the oldest neighborhood of Detroit - smack in the middle of one of the most thriving blocks in the city. You'll sit next to locals at the bar downstairs--or the coffee shop--and learn about the city from people who live here. Detroiters are a pretty friendly lot."
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,7/5/2012,139,856,4,6,3>What a great restaurant!  I loved the black bean frita.  It reminded me a lot of the veggie burger at Busboys and Poets in Washington DC.  It is especially tasty if you order a sunnyside egg on top.  The sandwich also has cheese and fries on it.  For $7 (+$1 for egg), it's a full meal and a good buy.  The cuban esspreso with sugar was great.  The concept of sitting on benches next to strangers is also pretty brilliant, and we had conversations with 6 random people during lunch.  Good work, Eve!!!!
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,7/4/2012,68,109,3,11,7>MOIST. MOIST. MOIST. MOIST. MOIST. Okay, do you get the picture? Their cake is so moist and baked to perfection. The scoop.......I needed a baby shower cake and on short notice. I called around and got a few quotes. This bakery had the best prices around town and upon calling, they said they could get the cake done with only a few days notice. After my calls were made, I went in to give them my cake idea. The baker (possibly the owner) went over the design with me and threw in a few of his own professional opinions. I appreciated the care he was giving while placing my order. The design I wanted was a reflection of the decorations I had picked for the shower. The baker confidently told me that he could do it. And do it he did! The cake looked amazing when I picked it up. The price cannot be beat either. But most importantly, the flavor of the cake was phenomenal. The cake itself was......you guessed it.......MOIST. I hate dry cake so I was thrilled when I took my first bite. Every single person at the shower asked me where I got the cake from because they too, loved this friggin' cake. I will 100% go here again for any future party cakes I may need. This time I went with a half sheet of marble cake with a whipped frosting. I cannot wait to try some other flavors and maybe even a cake with filling. Mmmmm.....I really hope you guys can't see me drool through this post. For realz, I am drooling. Note; once I go through the 10 million pictures from the shower, I will post up a picture. It was so cute and matched the decoration I brought in to a T.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,7/3/2012,151,160,4,5,4>New owners, new menu, new name from the former Memphis Smokehouse Blues location. They still offer barbeque but it has more flavour and was very good.They also offer steak, pasta and seafood dishes.I stayed away from the seafood as the shrimp cocktail we had was overcooked and I didn't want to chance it.We split the barbeque combo plate. Ribs and brisket with sides of salad and garlic mashed potatoes. There were also crusty sourdough rolls along with. Both of us enjoyed and agreeded that we will return.They do have a happy hour from 3PM-6PM. 50% off all alcohol, beer and wine. I like that alot.The young, inexperienced waitstaff was friendly and attentive.The only real complaint I have is with the schmaltzy overhead 40's-50's music. Not certain what vibe the management/owners are going for but, these tunes are just irritating and depressing
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,7/1/2012,157,473,5,5,7>Damn me and my stupid sweet tooth.  Even on Cinco de Mayo, when the plan is to go out drinking, I end up in here.  Everything is so good - they must lace all the batters with cocaine or something.  This time I went with the apple turnovers and flan.  The leftover turnover was amazing the next day after being tossed in the oven, even though it had spent several hours in the car (to continue the aforementioned boozing).
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,6/30/2012,226,699,2,6,6>After reading Jonny P.'s review I wanted to check this spot out. I rode into RO in search of the Red Fox and even though I had the address it took me a minute to realize that it's upstairs from Diablo's on what used to be Memphis Smoke's rooftop. FYI when you look up from 11 mile or Main street at Diablo's roof you'll see the Union Jacks decal-ed on the glass. I went upstairs and grabbed a spot at a mostly vacant bar (this week was there very soft opening while they dry run the kitchen and wait staff) and ordered a PALM. While I sat and took some photos for Yelp I spoke to the bar manager ,Craig, who was really engaging and pretty excited about their grand opening next week. He took me out onto the patio and chatted me up for a bit explaining that the Red Fox,  Dibalo's, Rosie's Ferndale and One Eyed Betty's are all the brain child of the same owners. I was pretty impressed to hear that considering how well One Eyed Betty's has been doing.The Red Fox is modeled after a British Pub with an American air to it. The dark wood at the bar is striking and they have several TV's hung around the room. The space itself is elegant and a little sexy even, and in the day time with the sun shining through the industrial patio doors this place really pops. The beer menu is solid as you'd expect with a big sister like Betty's to emulate. I didn't order any food this go- around but it had promises of delicious Fish and Chips, Corned Beef, and Bangers and Mash that Craig assured me were all fantastic. One of the most notable menu blips would have to be the deep fried Mars bars which I'm expecting will be a huge hit with the natives, and aside from the Brit fare you've got your essential burgers and chicken strips for the more traditional Americana. I predict this spot is going to blow the doors off of what used to be the Memphis rooftop if for no other reason than the numbers of fire pits and overhead heat lamps that will offer warm comfort on cool RO evenings. This is going to be one of those trendy spots once the heat wave hits and based on what I saw in there menu I'd guess they'll have some serious staying power. I'll be back for the food once the rush on the Fox subsides but for now, Cheers!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2012,6/28/2012,150,273,3,6,5>HEEEELLLLLOOOO burger baby! There's something to be said about a goood ol' cheeseburger. I think Mason's has ruined it for me to eat a burger any where else. This juicy, greasy lil yum of a burger  was perfect! First of all, the burger itself was perfect in diameter and depth. I don't like thick/huge burgers. Perfect seasoning. Delish soft sesame burger bun and a nice slice of melted american cheese. Lunch special $5.99 includes this wonderful burger, crinkle fries (just the way I like em) and a choice of a small beer or drink! HELLLLOOO! I threw on a few pickles, a squirt of mustard and for 10 minutes, I was in burger bliss! (yeah, I ate it that quickly)This is a BAR and I love a good ol' fashion bar! I swear I was a barmaid in a former life. This would be the kind of place where the locals hang, and you have your usual suspects hanging out, catching up...plenty of tables to sit at and hang with friends. There's a long counter, so that you can literally belly up to the bar. I think I know where we can have the next girls night : ) LOL
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,6/26/2012,85,159,2,6,4>Had the pleasure of going in to 2Booli this evening for their soft opening.  The place is very nice - decor is unique without being over the top and the menu provides a good selection without being overwhelming.  The staff was very pleasant and the management was VERY present, regularly coming around to check on the tables.  No complaints on service - everyone was very pleasant given that they were working out the kinks.I had a lamb pita - which was VERY good.  The lamb was a bit chewy... but it's lamb.  BUT it was incredibly flavorful, so some of the chewiness was easy to look past.  I was very pleased with what I ordered!  I also tried their spicy coleslaw, which was tasty but nothing to write home about.  I also had the opportunity of trying a few other menu items.  The beef kafta entree was very flavorful and (from what I was told) the vegetables were cooked perfectly.  Both the crushed and whole lentil soups were very good - though I have to say I preferred the crushed lentil soup.  As far as fattoush salads go, I personally wasn't impressed with their dressing... but I like a really vinegar-ie bite in fattoush dressing.  The salad was dressed very well, and the hommus and pita was very good as well.Head over if you get a chance!!!  Tasty stuff!!!
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2012,6/25/2012,60,86,,5,6>So far, so good. Today is the soft opening of the long-awaited Imperial. The atmosphere is nice and open, and that's highlighted by the two garage doors that open onto the front patio. There's also a back patio. The front room has some nice wooden booths, and long wooden tables with bench seats.The beer selection is good, with a few Mexican brews. The liquor selection seems to be well-curated, including some high-end tequilas. The bar itself is very reminiscent of the original bar at Smalls when it first opened. This is somewhat expected, considering the owners are two of the original partners who opened Smalls. Beer prices are very fair, and lower than you typically see in this area.To the food: the chipotle salsa is spectacular. The other two were a little bland. I tried a carnitas and an al pastor taco. The tacos here are supposed to be California style, but they don't seem much different than what I've had in taquerias in Southwest Detroit. The carnitas taco was good, with lots of tender pork. The al pastor taco was also stuffed full with marinated pork, pineapple chunks, and jalapenos. Both were a little on the bland side, but I'm sure they'll work that out.That brings me to the service. Again, this was a soft opening - I don't expect everything to be perfect. But, if your servers are entering orders via an iPhone app, they should be trained first. Also, our server frequently disappeared for long periods of time. At some point, I went to the bar to get a beer, and the bartender was obviously having a problem ringing it up on the computer. It seems like maybe the POS software is generally an issue.Hopefully these are all just small fixable glitches, because Imperial has a lot of potential. Oh, and the music was pretty good. I recall hearing Johnny Cash and Ryan Adams.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,6/24/2012,60,86,2,11,7>Close.  Very close.  It's almost everything I was hoping for in a Thai restaurant in the Detroit Metro area, in my QAFSEM (Quest for Asian Food in SE Michigan).  It's definitely my new favorite Thai place.  The good:- The dishes are spicy and punchy.  There aren't any sad flavors here.  For example, we ordered Curry puffs from the appetizer menu.  They taste a lot like Indian dosas, but they were served with a sweet tamarind? peanut sauce that really accentuated the curry taste well.  I was impressed.  - We didn't get spicy hot dishes, so I can't say how spicy they can go.  Note to readers -- I am giving this restaurant 4/5 without having their spiciest food.  You may stop being surprised now.- The service is prompt, and the family running the place is very friendly, especially with children.  - The curry was excellent.  I could smell it coming to the table.  - Thai Iced Tea ($2) was good.  Not too sweet, not too spicy, not too creamy, but a good mix of all three.  Yum.- Prices were pretty reasonable.  Appetizers were about $5, salads $5-10, entrees $10-$13 (depending on the meat).  The bad:- It's in the funniest location, one of those outdated indoor mall/arcades in the restaurant that looks like it used to be a Mexican restaurant.  The Curry puffs looked a LOT like empanadas...- Definitely not very fancy.  Again, looks like a Mexican restaurant.  Not an elegant place for a date.- The basil fried rice, while quite flavorful, was flavored mostly with salt.  Not a lot of garlic, and definitely not a lot of basil.  I think it's designed to be spicier to offset the salt, so I might try that next time.Big fan.  A place where, if I had a chance to sample more dishes (i.e. soup, salad, noodle), has a great chance of getting 5/5.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,6/23/2012,56,309,5,8,5>Those that love Carnies, capital C, this place is for you.  Love pinball?  Check.  Love odd old Atlantic City Posters?  Check.  Creepy old carnival statues?  Check.  Everything gives you tickets.  Not everything is $1.00 to play or see.  My nephews called it "the best place in the world".  Not sure I can agree with that, but it is definitely awesome.  One thing I loved is that although crowded, it didn't have that whole Chuck-E-Cheese germy bratty kid scene.    My 10 year old nephew commented that they must have a huge electric bill, and I agreed.  This place makes we want to meet Marvin, because his brain must be filled with stories on how he acquired all this stuff.      According to my nephews, the pizza sucked.  However, they were easily distracted by the many bells and whistles from all areas.    You should check it out, you'll enjoy, young or old.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2012,6/22/2012,297,101,7,8,5>Generally, when you think "Royal Oak" and "dining", you get out your nice shirt, double check your bank account, and load your pocket with quarters for the absurd R.O. parking goon squad.Until recently, one of the last things you'd expect to find in the Royal Oak dining scene was a very high quality gourmet burger joint that was also reasonably priced.Well, my preconceived notions about all of that have been blown out of the water. Burgrz is just plain awesome.I'm not going to call them the best burgers in Metro Detroit, but they are way up there. If you factor in the price, they're probably the best burger for the money in the area.The menu is simple and unpretentious. Every ingredient is high quality, and the staff is friendly.You place your order, you get your own drink (and free refills if you'd like), and then your order is brought to your table. It's the best of both worlds. The really winner here, though, is the hamburger itself. I'm not sure what sorcery they've devised here, but the meat is really tasty. If you've never had a really genuinely delicious hamburger before, this place would make a great starter, and open people's eyes to a wider world of what hamburger should taste like.They have a decent variety of toppings--all the standard fare. Don't expect crazy off-the-wall stuff like pickled carrots or daikon or anything. It's just classic American burger toppings and a few different cheeses. They also have a nice variety of sauces, including hipster ketchup (I mean sriracha, sorry) and the rare but awesome Heinz 57. My favorite is a cheddar, raw onion, avocado, and bacon burger with 57 on it. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.The buns are also excellent. They have a slightly crispy thin exterior that gives a nice bite, but the inside is soft and warm. I'm not sure if they make them on-site, but it wouldn't shock me to find out that they bake them in-house.I've been here many many times, and the service and quality have been 100% consistent across all of my visits.The only minor complaint I have is about the prices. For what it is, it's about $1 too much. When I worked in downtown Royal Oak, I would have loved to come here more often, but as it was it was kind of an office treat because it was just slightly too expensive to make it a habit.Either way, it's just a plain old good burger, done right every time.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,6/21/2012,192,175,7,6,7>Since a posting of a picture of the Red Velvet Pancakes on Facebook, my heart has been longing for them like the narrator's craving for his long lost Lenore in "The Raven"; I have been haunted by dreams of a plate of scarlet flapjacks that content my heart and soul. On a dreary, drizzly Thursday I met the fabulous Annette J. for a pre-Halloween Fancy Breakfast Thursday (FBT) in the ever-beating heart of Detroit. The Hudson Café has a warm inviting atmosphere complete with fireplace (no dying embers here--and yes, I'm still working this Poe motif), high ceilings, intimate booths, and randomly flat screens televisions. There are also 4 copies of the same painting of a large flower that I commented on, and when studied them closer realized there was a date written on them of Saturday October 22, 1774 which randomly 237 years later October 22, 2011 was also a Saturday, if only we were there on the 22nd and not the 27th. I think this somehow has something to do with the plot of the Lake House 2 (Sandra Bullock needs a paycheck too. . . )I did peruse the full menu and was tempted by many of the offerings. I swear I counted 9 variations on eggs benedict (though on the take-out menu I see 7) each unique like the muses of Greek mythology, each catering to their own audience. From the traditional, to the Eggsparagus (english muffin, bed of asparagus, parmesan cheese and hollandaise) to the crazy wild card Breakfast Slider option (fried egg, meat and cheese on house buns--also totally the Thalia, muse of comedy, of the benedict muses). Annette ordered the traditional eggs benedict with cheesy grits, and I will say, it looks perfect. I kind of wanted to steal her grits though typically I'm not a grits person, too gritty. Just kidding. Or am I?I ordered the Red Velvet Pancakes to satiate the hunger that was burning inside me for a pile of crimson griddle cakes. They were amazing. Served in a stack of three with a cream cheese drizzle between each layer, dollops of whipping cream, and a sprinkling of cocoa powder, I couldn't think of a more decadent treat! The flavor was not as overly sweet as they could have been, and actually, I'm grateful that the cocoa wasn't overpowering. The cream cheese drizzle was zippy enough to cut through the rich sweetness (which totally sounds like like a stripper name). I was thinking I was going to miss the savory component to my breakfast but I really didn't. I jokingly said I was going to order Red Velvet eggs to go with my Red Velvet Pancakes and a Red Velvet coffee. Which, if someone came out with a Red Velvet Latté, it would be the best thing ever. So much food coloring. . . During our meal, in between fabulous conversations about Luke Perry and 90's trends, we ogled dishes that were being passed out to other patrons. Part of me still wants the grilled cheese and tomato soup that was their daily special. I blame the weather. I suppose this will be my motivation to return for more meals. I would definitely recommend the Hudson Cafe for breakfast, and lunch. They close at 4 p.m. so you'd have to be on a senior meal schedule to have dinner, but I suppose it could be done. Or you could order a takeout and reheat it, but that might just be crazy. Parking is street parking with meters. I did get a ticket for having an expired meter (though it totally was malfunctioning) but it is only a $10.00 fine if paid in the next ten days. I'm considering it a philanthropic donation to the city of Detroit. I think I'm so full of coffee and pancake magic that I would probably be agreeable to paying the full $20.00, that's how good this breakfast was. Go. Eat. Love.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,6/20/2012,48,87,1,10,9>I'd been trying to get a group of friends to go to The Oakland for awhile now, but each time I've tried, the discreet entrance has kept me from actually finding the place.  Due to my rather rambunctious friends, often too hyper and impatient to let me find it, we've ended up at a generic place the previous two times I've attempted to go.  Last night, however, I was insistent that we not spend a wasted evening at Rosie O'Grady's, and for once, the stars seemed to align for our meeting with The Oakland.Walking in to the foyer, you feel like you're entering a true speak-easy...one with a password and true danger of getting busted by the cops.  The entrance is fantastically subtle..a true turn of the century entrance.  I could definitely get into dressing up Boardwalk Empire style and having a night out.A very nervous-sound host caught us at the door as my friend tried to pile through.  As is the case with the Sugar House, it's seating room only.  We got checked in and were told the wait would be an hour (calling is okay and recommended for a busy weekend night), so we had a drink at SOHO next door and waited maybe half an hour.  Obviously I was pleased with our shortened wait, though I'm sure it could have gone the opposite way because people don't want to leave here.Once you've made the cut and are able to walk through the second set of doors, you're reminded a little of the Palace of Versailles. Even the bar stools are elaborate, with plush velvet and the back wood curvature in the shape of  36-25-34. Chandeliers fill ceiling space, and there's lots of crown molding and mirrors.  If Louis XIV had to go to a present day bar, he would feel at home here. Our group sat in two throne like chairs and a long, deep chaise lounge that made me want to have a fainting spell so I could sprawl out upon it.  Around us smaller groups shared conversation and drinks. Again, I was thrilled to be not be in a crowded bar with the ence-ence-ence of terrible pop music.  Overall the ambience is fantastic.  We were greeted by a delightfully stylish server, who was patient with us and knowledgeable on the drinks...Did I not mention those delicious concoctions yet? Apologies. Gin, Rum, Whiskey...don't be afraid of any alcohol you've sworn off before.  The bartenders expertly mix ingredients to form a magnificent creation.  And the additional touches make the drinks go from excellent to superb, with those large chunks of ice you can imagine coming from an ice house or an added burst of flame on the drink.What an awesome place.  I have to admit that though I like the location of the Sugar House (which this is bound to get compared to and vice versa), the Oakland is just a few steps above it in every other way.  I'm not sure I've ever been to a lounge with this much care taken in its concept. Ever.
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,6/19/2012,74,91,5,7,5>Although they probably intended it the other way around, I like to think of Amici's as an amazing martini bar who- oh by the way...also has decent pizza. Their martinis really are to die for. Particularly the basil infused dirty. It's the perfect complement to a Margarita pie. I know it's sacrilege, and I hope I don't get stoned to death for saying so, but their pizza is just ok. I can see what they're trying to do. It's healthy pizza made with healthy ingredients...but that's just it. It tastes healthy. The crust is a little cardboardy.The thing that really makes it worthy of going back for more is that it is served without the usual side of guilt that comes with eating pizza. Although, after 2 martinis, I'm not sure I'd be feeling any guilt anyway : )
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,6/18/2012,29,33,4,8,8>5 Stars all the way! Went on Friday night to check out this new place in Ferndale. Awesome is the first thing that comes to mind. The service here is outstanding! A hand shake and introduction by name from our server to everyone at the table right when we sat down was a great start. The atmosphere is trendy, clean, but also timeless. Not a place that will have to be remodeled in a few years to keep up with changing trends. Like I've said in the past service and atmosphere can go so far with me. It's all about the food. My partner and I started off with cucumber martini's at the recommendation of our server. Very light, crisp and a good start to the evening. Next we got the 2 meat 2 cheese platter and a bottle of wine. Sidestep to the wine. The prices are extremely reasonable. All but 2 out of the selection were over $40 and most were somewhere in the $20 range. Which is great because most retailed for $19 or more. Being asked if you want your wine decanted or not was a confidence booster for me about this place. A well trained staff that was confident in recommending selections and knowing what wines would work best is a huge asset. Also, the stemware used here is all Riedel which to me shows they are passionate and invested into their business. Ok now the food! AMAZING! One of the best charcuterie platters I've had. The cheese was perfect, the bread was warm and crispy with a soft center and well seasoned. The meats and olives were outstanding as well. I couldn't ask for more and I literally want to come here every single day of my life. For you drinkers out there, I hear that they got an extended license to serve from 6am to 2am so you could stay here for 20 hours straight. I don't see any reason to leave. Oh and the bathroom smelled like leather and I want to know where they got the scent for that one because I love it. This was one of the best experiences I've had in the Metro Detroit area in a very long time!  Please keep it up because I look forward to returning over and over!
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,6/17/2012,39,71,3,3,3>Everyone writes about the chicken shawarma. I'm here to say that the beef shawarma is also fantastic -- give the beef a chance!I work down the street and visit every once in awhile with my coworkers. Don't schedule a meeting after lunch. You'll be burping garlic as you talk and no one really appreciates that. Seriously, though -- the beef shawarma is delicious.
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,6/15/2012,128,207,3,10,6>I enjoy Middle Eastern food but for some reason am rarely in the mood for it. On one such occasion recently I decided we'd try Anita's, an upscale Lebanese restaurant on Woodward in Ferndale. The place is bright and airy, with a lovely-looking patio (it was full when we went).The food was fantastic. We started with the mujadra, and it was my favorite thing. Lentils, rice, caramelized onions, and yogurt. Earthy, rich from the caramelization, crispy in places, refreshing with yogurt. It was awesome; I could see myself eating that every day.We were being indecisive about main courses, so we decided to go with the mixed mezza and try a bit of everything. There were two of us and the menu says for 2-4 people. We were absolutely stuffed and took a lot home--I'd recommend it for parties closer to 4 people, but the leftovers were great too. We got the salads first--grape leaves, hummus, falafel, tabbouleh, fattoush, pickled veggies, and pita. We also opted for a side of garlic paste, a must-have. All of this was delicious, very fresh and vibrant. So good that my fiance, who isn't generally a fan of tabbouleh, had several helpings of that alone. Then came the meat (we were already full by this point). Shish kafta, shish tawook, chicken and beef schwarma, on a bed of pilaf. My favorite was the beef schwarma, but they were all delectable. The whole meal had us repeating over and over "delicious," "amazing," and "ohmygawd this is so good." Schwarma + fattoush + garlic paste + pita = heaven.Truly one of the best meals I've had in a long time, this is a new favorite.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2012,6/14/2012,86,107,14,22,19>One word describes Mike's Famous Ham Place:  HAM!  Geez, it's right in the name.  Do you like ham?  If so, you will love Mike's Famous Ham Place.  I give Mike's Famous Ham Place five stars not because they are a classic old school diner.  Not even because they were mentioned in Metro Times as having one of the best sandwiches in Detroit.  I give five stars because they superbly do the very thing they are known for; they serve great ham.Ham is all they do.  You gotta love a place that specializes in one thing and one thing only.  It speaks volumes that they have been open so long and remain so popular selling only one main item in a day and age when you can get just about any food that you want anywhere, anytime.  Out-of-towners in the know always want to go to Mike's when in the D.  Order your ham alone, with eggs, as a sandwich, or in soup.  Regardless of how it is requested, you will receive copious amounts of pork.  If you order ham and eggs, you get ham and eggs.  There are no pretentious condiments, fruit, or carbohydrate-laden hash browns taking up precious ham real estate on your plate.   Sandwiches are piled high.  The soup is chock-full of ham.The ham is very tasty.  It is not too salty.  It is tender and succulent.  I like mine with a little mustard and a side of pickles. I would feel compunction if I wrote a review about Mike's Famous Ham Place and did not mention their scrambled eggs.  Prior to eating at Mike's, I despised scrambled eggs.  After watching coworkers devour them, I broke down and tried some.  They are wonderfully light, fluffy, and just delicious.  Now, I regularly make myself scrambled eggs using the techniques I have observed at Mike's.The owners are friendly.  They always make me feel welcomed.  We have nice ongoing conversations.  They usually give me a good laugh before I leave, too.The food is wonderful, the portions are ample, and the prices are low.  Dining at Mike's Famous Ham is an experience to remember.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,6/13/2012,99,290,,6,5>I am glad I chose Saltwater as my kick off spot for Detroit Restaurant Week. My check in at the host podium was smooth and I was shown directly to my table, even though I checked in 20 minutes earlier than my reservation.We were seated (party of 2) quickly and given the main menu and the DRW menu, as well as the wine menu. The server, however, didn't give his name. He really didn't do anything special. He didn't add any extra info unless asked. I overheard him introducing the menu to another table... being extra helpful and special to them. Oh, wait -- they were ordering from the regular menu, not the DRW menu. Of course. It makes sense now. My mom & I both ordered the tempura fried shrimp and vegetables. Delicious. The shrimp was large and succulent and fried just right. I had the white wine pairing, which was poured and introduced by the sommelier, himself. I was impressed by that. I ordered the grilled salmon which was served with mashed potatoes and sauteed chard. My mom ordered the trout. Both were cooked to perfection. The salmon had this great grilled flavor and was moist and perfectly flaky. The dessert was a lemon custard type of thing with a lemony pound cake topped with a blueberry compote. there were these interesting little cubes of champagne, too, which provided a sparkly bite. I tried everything separately and tried everything together. What a treat! We did all but lick the plate. The manager came by and checked on us at the end. We appreciated that because our waiter hadn't done so. I had to tag him down for more water. Who's supposed to provide that automatically? The server or the server assistant?  Food was delicious. The prices on the regular menu cause for a special occasion.The decor is awesome. I like the teal and white with the mirror like tiles throughout. The almost private booths look sweet, but if I was dressed up for a special night out, I wouldn't want to have to scoot into the benches along the wall. The tables in the middle were okay, if you weren't posted right by the walkway like we were. The service could be better. Maybe it was just our waiter? It was like he didn't care. Which makes it difficult to tip nicely so waitstaff would put more effort into serving their DRW clientele.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,6/12/2012,2657,302,5,5,3>I crave Mexican food like my kids crave McDonald's, they smile when they see the golden arches, well I smile when I see the Golden Sombrero that hangs above the doors that grant me passage to this gem of a restaurant just north of Hall Rd on Mound. Upon entry of this Mexican restaurante you are greeted by Mum & Papas Pride & Joy, they call Aztecas. The Images of red, white, green, the ladles of Sangria flowing over the ice in a glass so big you need two hands to hold instantly start stimulating your brain to fire up those taste buds, they're in for a treat. . You just barley get your culo in the seat and they have presented you with crisp tortia chips & 3 house made salsas.  I tried some of the guacamole with my chips and had to say it was better then most of the ones I've tried when dining out. I decided to try there special, 3 fish tacos, topped with a unique sweet red cabbage slaw served with rice & beans, it was delicious. I ordered the kids the chicken chimichangas, they usually don't finish there plate unless dessert is mentioned, but that was not the case today.  My wife ordered the taco salad, she liked it.  The service was great, and the owner made his way to the table multiple times to check on our dinner. If your looking to go out and get some Mexican food with fresh ingredients I would recommend Aztecas!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2012,6/11/2012,99,343,3,8,6>Another AMAZING experience at Clubhouse BFD. I stopped in for a late lunch and tried the happy hour specials. $2 for a deep fried PB&J with fries! Win. This was a huge amount of food and for only $2! During happy hour Michigan beers are a dollar off. The bartender also talked me into a 1/2 Murphys, 1/2 Blanche Bruxelles. Perfect pour, perfect drink! The taps are continuously changing here. Everytime I try new beers! When I see a favorite tap updated on Facebook, I stop in ASAP to taste it!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,6/10/2012,196,355,4,9,4>Joe W. is right - freezing cold in the winter and deadly hot in the summer.  But DO NOT let that deter you.  In fact, plan on spending the whole day here (maybe in the spring?).  The first time I visited, less than a year ago, a co-worker and I were on a walk when we decided to "stop in" to John K. King books.  Two plus hours later, we reluctantly dragged ourselves out.  This is a book lover's paradise.  It looks, feels, and SMELLS like tons of great books.  Everywhere you look, there's another interesting book shelf to explore.  And the space itself speaks of decades upon decades of book lovers collecting and sharing their love.  John K. King is a genuine Detroit gem; gritty, rich in history, and real in a way that only comes with a few hard knocks.  Go there!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,6/9/2012,149,123,4,13,11>A place totally unlike anything else in Plymouth - I like it!I have to preface this by saying we went on the 2nd night of the "soft opening" weekend, so they were serving a limited menu and working out some kinks, but for a  "soft opening" I was pretty impressed!Atmosphere and service - top notch! Menu, really unique - a nice change of pace from the slew of bar food in the area.  I can't wait to get in when they're fully cookin' and try some of the really clever menu items.So far, I will say the "grilled cheese" appetizer was pretty freakin' amazing and the peanut butter & blueberry dessert was delish!There are really great lounge areas both upstairs and downstairs - this will be a great spot for a girls night out, happy hour, or hanging out with friends for some nice cocktails. It's truly unlike anything we have in the immediate area - you should definitely check it out!  It also has some great spaces for hosting large or small private parties, and a space for a DJ on the upper level - could be very cool.Once I get back when they're serving the full menu I'll write an updated review. I really hope they live up to my expectations and I can quickly upgrade this spot to 5 stars.
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,6/8/2012,119,419,4,6,3>Man! OH! Man! I didn't realize that I hadn't written a review since July (not that anyone is waiting with baited breath). Well here goes nothing! I had the chance to make it to Chen Chow for an event that Rhonda Walker was hosting. I must say that Rhonda Walker is much prettier in person (1. notice I said "prettier" and not "pretty" meaning I'm not taking anything away from the beauty she displays  via the tube 2. no I'm not a local celebrity whore either - meaning I clamor at the opportunity to be "seen" and name drop. I just believe in complimenting when it's due!) But I digress . . .I had read many different reviews about Chen Chow and wasn't all that excited when I was invited to go. I subconsciously predetermined that it was an environment full of pretentious 9-5'ers.  However, I was pleasantly surprised with my experience. The service was great and so was my food. The music was "meahh" but wasn't a deal breaker. I was there with friends (some old, some new) and we had a great time!Our tab was about $70 bucks. It included 2 entrees, 3 alcoholic beverages, 1 non-alcoholic beverage and our servers tip. In comparison to other venues in the area, that is about average. After having been a patron at the restaurant I can understand some of the reviews about the environment and the price of the food. But with all due respect it's Birmingham. What do people expect? The old adage that you pay for what you get no longer holds true. You pay for where you are. So on a scale of 1-10, I'd give Chen Chow an 8.5 and will happily return in the near future.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2011,6/7/2012,64,71,6,7,6>Strip malls of America unite.  You CAN have a fancy restaurant and it CAN be amazing.  (if you build it... they will come)This... this was one of the better surprises in my culinary experience.  Not that it's THE best that I've ever had, but it's a great and complete package of joy.  A friend that lives nearby told me about The Root and I decided to give it a go. Admittedly, while driving up I was a little concerned about the location. I can't recall many times where the restaurant across from a JCPenney was actually any good; but I suppose there are first for everything.The Root's menu is seasonal and attempts to source the ingredients locally.  In fact, they provide a list of the ingredients that are sourced as such and where exactly they are from.  The chef doesn't turn this into a hard line, and that's a good thing.  If the local ingredient simply isn't up to the task, then they find the best there is regardless where it's fromOn my first trip, I had the "Spicer's Cider Braised Michigan Pork Shoulder with Smoked Cheddar Grits and Green Apple Salsa Verde."  Heck, it seems to already taste good just by reading the title.  But what is in a name?  Well, in this name you will experience soft tender (no knives needed at this party) pork shoulder seasoned just right with hint of tartness from the salsa and some down home comfort from the grits.My wife had a char-grilled burger made with Michigan grass-fed beef.  She added Michigan white cheddar and house-made bacon.  This is not someone that eats a lot of red meat, but she said it was one of the best burgers she has ever had.In addition to the food, the service has always been excellent.  The atmosphere is lively but not too loud.  You simply get a sense that this is a place that is actually frequented by the locals, but they are happy to have anyone come in for a good time.In short (hah!) The Root is a fantastic gem in a nearly unbelievable location.  Add it to your bookmarks and pop in for a great evening.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,6/6/2012,132,325,9,10,9>my sister followed me to the restaurant in her own car. when we pulled in she said "i will not eat here under any circumstance". i politely told her that waiting inside was delicious polish food. once inside she was still skeptical and was freaked out by the decor. when the food arrived she shut her mouth, because she was cramming it full of golabki and perogi.i must say, smothering the perogi in bacon and onions is a stroke of genius. i was shoving my hole with sausage and kraut. btw, this is the largest golabki i have ever seen and the unique sauce is delicious. the dill pickle soup might just be the best i have ever had. i just ate at polonia last week and theirs was nothing in comparison. we were all having a lovely time filling ourselves full of polish delicacies. the lomza beer was just the best topper of all. after reading the other reviews, i wish i had tried the potato pancakes. i have never been the biggest fan, but apparently i must try them.also, two thumbs up to mariah B for the suggestion. thanks so much. cash only.love, juston
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,6/5/2012,75,127,4,11,7>Seven stars. A hundred stars. This place can have all the stars. I've been there twice in the past week, with two different groups and couldn't have been happier both times. I haven't tried the food, but I really don't think this would be my go to food place. This is a beer bar, a whiskey bar, a place to bring some friends and chat and nerd out. Or play pinball, which is my favorite touch.First time here, I went for an old fallback, Short's Soft Parade. This is one of my favorite beers, especially in spring/summer. But then I noticed that they offer flights of beer, 3/$7 and 6/$11. This is where I've found Betty's shines. They have an amazing selection of beers, and the prices are very fitting for what you'd expect. Generally speaking, $5-7 for most beer, $9-12 for the beers you'd expect to be that price. But the fun isn't getting one of the beers you already know, its trying things you've never had. The servers here are awesome. They know their beers, they are attentive, they listen, they suggest (fairly accurately to boot). Our server last night, Jason, recommended a few beers and brought me little tiny cute samples of a few suggestions he had, and ended up selling me on a couple of beers. That, to me, makes this experience totally worth it.This place is such a welcome addition to the Ferndale scene. It really makes Ferndale one of the more rounded places around as far as night life goes. I can't recommend Betty's enough, even though I haven't tried the food. But really, I don't need food to be happy. I need delicious beer.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2012,6/4/2012,137,360,7,10,9>It's literally the stroke of midnight. Time to partake in some transgression and time travel. A suggestive red light leads the way to temptation. Thank the lord above! The gateway to libation! On the building's side, the last remnant of the Gracie's sign poetically hangs on for dear life. Oh yes, everything is falling from grace. Things are looking promising. Through the door. An antique receiving couch on the left and then big heavy curtains just past the small room. You're going in blind and let's face it, you like being blindfolded. Then a few steps down onto the main floor. Hold someone's hand, even a stranger's, to find your way as your eyes adjust. Also promising. And the fresh smell of paint. Opening night.Dimly lit is the way to go, and old-timey is all the rage. Edison lightbulbs hang from the ceiling with multiple glowing loops of filament. One wall is covered in rustic wood planks. Everything else is painted a dark grey. The seating is classy and generous. Whole space is... well... spacious... yet intimate. But then the music? Pulls me right out of the spell. Call me a staunch traditionalist or a pitiful nostalgic (for a time I never actually experienced) but if you're going to go speakeasy, go all out. I'm talking old school jazz playing in the background or if anything contemporary, at least something down-tempo and sultry. The music was not really helping the ambience. I wonder if they'll bring in some live jazz?On the note of faux authenticity (that's right! I said it!), I really hope they keep the storefront anonymous with no signage. You can already tell by the clientele that word is spreading through personal circles. No need to bring in the riff raff, at least not of the bro-nup variety.One more bone to pick and then I'm back to the beauty of the place. The bartenders' garb is kinda half-arsed. A vest or some suspenders, on their own, doth not a respectable get-up make! Either scrap it or kick it up a notch. E.g. no jeans on the bartenders!!Cocktails are surprisingly complex with at least four ingredients a pop - some upward of seven. But remarkably they keep their integrity without getting all muddy. Fresh herbs line the bar (e.g. rosemary) along with house-made juices, some bitters, and syrups (lavender honey?! Damn right. And it's good). All cocktails are personally crafted by the bartenders. That means they've got a stake in making the drink satisfy. If you want to make modifications, though, they'll recalibrate it to your liking. Drinks are reasonably priced around the $9 mark. "Taste profiles" range from slightly medicinal, to subtly sweet and flowery, to sour, to frothy and light, to earthy and warming. My only complaint (?) so far is that there is nothing on the pickled, brine-y end of things.Lots of bourbon and rye drinks. Lots of gin. Fair amount of scotch. Lighter on the vodka and tequila. No food as of yet. Word on the streets is that some kind of edible things are on the horizon. Can't really tell what the future crowd will be. There was a fairly broad range of people there. So far so good. Only time will have the last word (why does writing something so bad feel so good?).
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,6/3/2012,76,258,4,8,3>OMG.THIS PLACE IS SO GOOD.Took my fiance here as part of his "dream date" (I lost a bet!!)...it ended up being the best decision I have ever made!  As we walked in I told him to pace himself since everything was supposed to be so good, and luckily he listened.  Unfortunately, I did not heed my own advice!Started off with wine for him and an Amarreto Sour for me...nice pour, pretty strong and very delicious.  The app was the beef cheek pierogi - FRIGGIN DELICIOUS, although the name got in my head...beef cheek?  Was it really made of their cheeks?  I still have no idea but it was wonderful.  The pierogi was buttery and crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside, and the shredded meat was a perfect compliment.Dinner was filet for both of us, splitting the brussel sprouts, mac n cheese, and mashed potatoes.  The filet was to DIE for - I could have cut it with a fork!  The sea salt crust added just the right zing to the tender meat.  And the brussel sprouts???  Holy crap.  Fiance NEVER eats anything green and he gobbled these up like they were the most amazing thing he's ever tasted!! (Which they ARE!).  He was still talking about them yesterday, saying how he can't wait to go back and get them!  The mashed potatoes were pretty standard, although amazing - the texture was perfect and they went perfectly with the filet.  The mac n cheese was my least favorite, although that's hard to say since everything was phenomenal.  It was very cheesy and had a nice crust of breadcrumbs on top - YUM!Dessert was the pecan pie split between us.  I couldn't even eat half of my dinner so I only had 2 bites of the pie but it left me wishing I hadn't eaten so much of my dinner!  The crust was perfectly browned, the pecan filling was sweet and crunchy, and the ice cream was incredible.Please, do yourself a favor and go here...you won't regret it.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,6/2/2012,148,349,6,14,7>Are you kidding me!? This place has got some out of this world noms!  I am absolutely celebrating the fact that I have gained a new, amazing place to get my shawarma fix, yet at the same time I am mourning the fact that I have only just discovered it.We drove by here the other day, and when I suggested mediterranean fare as opposed to Taco Bell for quick lunch, DH drove all the way over here for me (we were on Ford and Canton Center). This was such a double win, because I will eat shawarma over processed tacos anytime.. And because the wraps at this place are super fresh, juicy and slathered with the most amazing garlic spread EVER. We ordered a falafel wrap to split between the two of us, a lamb shawarma wrap for me and a chicken shawarma wrap for him. We substituted all tahini (ick!) for garlic, which was probably the best decision I have made in a while.The lamb shawarma was juicy, thinly sliced and super tender. Nothing like the tough, dry nuggets of bland meat some places dare to serve. It was my favorite wrap out of the three.The chicken was grilled and slightly charred, resulting in a nice flavor added to the meat. It was cut in long strips, and served with veggies and pickled goods.The falafel sandwich was nicely seasoned and the falafel was perfectly crispy on the outside, and soft and pillowlike on the inside.This garlic is like crack, tho! I could eat it straight out of a container, you know, sneak in a small bite or two when walking past my fridge! Im a freak, Ill admit to it. I have just called my friend to make dinner plans for tonight.. Here!
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,6/1/2012,81,147,5,7,5>Oh, Café Muse, how I love thee.  Let me count the ways:1) Your super yummy fancy-schmancy eggs.  Salmon, gorgonzola, truffle oil, gruyere, chives, etc.  2) Your amazing sides.  Chicken, apple, and gouda sausage.  Garlic fingerling potatoes.  Steel-cut oatmeal. 3) Your health conscious menu.  Nitrate free meats, homemade jams, whole wheat pancakes, organic greens.  Ok, so I am no poet, but Café Muse is amazing food.  I say get the mushroom scramble and chicken sausage.  Also, I have to respect their food belief system (no growth hormones, organic, etc).  Drawbacks: Getting a table can be tough, but you can make a reservation and the food is worth the wait.   Also, when it gets busy the service is mediocre, don't expect anyone to be overly friendly or attentive.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2011,5/31/2012,833,231,3,6,7>Grabbed take out from here after the Tiger's game on Sunday. Located in a small strip mall just outside of Greektown in Lafayette Park it's truly a hidden gem. When I arrived a CBP (Custom's and Border Patrol) officer was just wrapping up an order for his team. He explained that this was the best Thai they've had in the city (hence the three large bags of their orders). Because of the wait we were treated to a free order of spring rolls. Ended up taking away an order of:Won Ton SoupFresh RollsPad Prik KhingOne of the best Thai experiences I've had between Toronto, Detroit & Chicago. Minor warning, if you order a dish like Pad Prik Khing no matter what you say about the heat (spice) it's gonna be HOT. Definitely looking forward to dining in next time...
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,5/30/2012,70,153,5,8,8>Up until recently, Mt. Clemens hadn't seen much of me.   On an ill-fated bar trip circa 1991, my friends and I hit "The Clem" for a change of scenery, but soon found ourselves scrambling back to the city when confronted by mullets, frosted coral lips, and the "record scratch" moment: white pumps with suntan nylons!   The last few years have shown me that Mount Clemens has some real gems, namely gorgeous Victorian homes, a great art center, and the latest and most fun, Used on New Books and Weirdsville Detroit.   Both businesses occupy the same space on New Street and exist in a brand of offbeat harmony that easily has me driving the requisite 30 minutes each way to enjoy.  Used on New is the bookstore in front and is run by the sweet and knowledgeable Lisa.  Arranged by subject (and there are many-I was impressed!), interesting choices abound.  Kids' books, cookbooks, fiction, vintage, art, and so much more-she's got something for everyone! Walk into the back and you'll find yourself in Weirdsville!  Run by Lisa's hubby Dave (of the Amino Acids, etc...), this fab enclave o' quirk is loaded with vintage and local vinyl, strange toys, CDs, DVDs, vintage decor items, games and models, horror memorabilia, oddities, t-shirts, and more cool items to enrich your life.  Downtown Mount Clemens is really very nice!  Walk around, grab lunch and a beer, and hang out at Weirdsville & Used On New.  Dave & Lisa are genuine, friendly folk who always have something interesting to talk about, and no doubt you'll walk out with treasures in hand.  Nary a frosted lip in sight these days, I did spot a Members Only jacket, worn ironically. Whew-it's safe to go back!
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,5/29/2012,263,468,6,10,10>Saddle up your horse because you are going to want to eat here when in town!!  Green Dot Stables is a Thoroughbred!  Just venture down Lafayette towards Corktown and you will find a great new lunch spot....  They focus on all different kinds of sliders...and they get very creative too!  I ordered a ton because I loved the menu sooo much and when everything-yes everything is either 2 or 3 dollars why not?!  They are only open 11-3 until they get their liquor license....which should be soon.  And all mixed drinks and craft beers will be between 2 and three dollars as well.  WOW!  Nice big winding bar, Foosball table and I hear they are going to play a lot of soccer on the tube.  A local artist did a mural that leads to the bathrooms.Sides: I started with the cucumbers served with creme fraiche, shallots and vinegar.  Nice and refreshing.  You dip the cucumber into the creme fraiche (and there is a ton).  The table across from me sat three young residents from Henry Ford and I over heard them loving the salad. Sides part 2:  They will be changing the noodles in the mac and cheese next week because they are using the same noodles as Slows currently.  However they do not use a bechemel sauce.Sliders:  I had the Korean-peanut butter and The Brinery's (a great zymologist out of a2, can be found at Eastern Market) Kim Chi and a perfectly cooked beef patty.  Yum!  Sweet and Spicy.  I also had the curried chicken- chicken breast topped with curried cauliflower, onions and orange.  Very good!!  Next up was the BCT- Bacon, cucumber, tomato jam and aioli.  Very, very good.....never thought to add cucumber to a bacon sandwich, but it makes complete sense.   A little heat to the tomato jam-which was divine.  Then I had the Bologna slider-grilled onions and grilled bologna.  I enjoyed all of the sliders and would order all of them again.  Mel, my very attentive server said her favorites change-however she loves the Korean and then BBQ Bacon, which has pureed sweet potato.  Now, that does sound tasty!  Mystery Meat was Buffalo today.  I am very much looking forward to trying many others...like Au Poivre-Beef,Peppercorns,Cognac Aioli and Lamb with Rosemary hummus and Hot Brown -Chicken,Mornay,Bacon.Sliders part 2:  I went back again and had the BCT again....still great!  Could really taste the herb aioli this time.  I also had the Hot Brown.  It was good, could not really taste the Mornay sauce.  The BBQ Bacon was GREAT!  The BBQ sauce was spicy (perhaps sirracha) and the sweet potato puree balanced it out nicely.  The Korean was as good as last time (however I took most of it home).  Loved that Melanie (my server complimented my order and said you can never have enough bacon!  I also overheard her say that she likes the smores)  The ower I assumed stopped by to chat too....love that!  He asked if it was my first time, how did he not recognize the duchess (jk).Fries:  Did I mention I got a box and took two  of my sliders home (trying to save face and not look completely piggy)...because I also had the Le Poutine.  I have been dying to try poutine!!!!  Green Dot has the best thin cut super crispy fries!!!  They even stay crisp drenched in gravy.  I hear they source the cheese curds locally-however the cheese looked more like queso fresco than cheese curds.  It was really, really tasty.  I cannot speak on if it was authentic or not...Big bonus they also have truffle and herb, malt vinegar, venison chili, cajun, and America's crack-ranch.  They were some of the best fries I have ever had.Fries part 2:  Truffle herb fries....SUPER GOOD!  The make a mean skinny fry here.  Some potato skin still on.  Super crisp.  The truffle oil was not over used....really, really tasty!Desert:  All three sounded great!  Cheesecake, smore and fried plantains!!!  The lady's room is painted purple and has a bunch of cute, eclectic mirrors all over the walls....super cute!I bless the owners for leaving Cali to open up this gem!  I see a green delivery truck in the parking lot.....it would be perfect for a food truck....I'm hoping great minds think alike and its in the works.
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,5/28/2012,259,404,8,18,7>Some opening snafus, tasty burgers, excellent fries. Also, their poutine isn't poutine.I had a rough introduction to this place, though despite some initial disappointments, I'll be back. The menu is divided into burgers, hot dogs, sandwiches, salads, sides, and milkshakes, plus an additional bar/beer list that features many local brews on tap.I got a burger with sauteed mushrooms onions and swiss cheese. Plus a side of poutine (as a canuck, I was equal parts ecstatic and skeptical to see this on the menu - it's supposed to be fries, gravy, and cheese curds - though almost always outside of Quebec you never get real cheese curds). Also ordered a beer. Ordering took awhile (I was left alone a few times for quite a while, even though there was only a handful of people in the place), and multiple staff members seemed a bit confused about the menu, availability, the beer list, but these were the most minor of ripples in an otherwise very pleasant afternoon sit-down along their large bar-top, eyeing both the TV and the passersby along Michigan. The food didn't take long, and they serve their meals in what look like big aluminum dog bowls. My burger, served opened as is common in gourmet burger joints, was tossed into the same bowl as my poutine. This meant both burger buns were drenched in super hot gravy. total bun disintegration = eating burger with knife and fork. I mentioned this to the manager/owner/ person of authority, and she informed the cooks for future reference. I don't think anyone will have to worry about gravy-drowned buns after me, but sucks to be the guinea pig. Nevertheless, she bought me a second beer by way of apology/bribe, which I loved. :) Despite the snafus, my take away is this: their burgers are really excellent. Big, juicy, made to order, some interesting burger specialties, and though a little pricey, they fill with delight. The fries are ultimate! Everyone has their own favorite fry-style, and this is mine. Hand cut, skins on, fried a little extra long so they come out a light auburn-red in color. I've only been able to find them like this at the Emory in Ferndale, but that's too much of a hike for me. I'm very happy to have these kind of fries just down the road now. The poutine, by canadian standards, is not even close to poutine. Next time they print-out new menus, they should just rename them  "fries and gravy" - that way you won't disappoint anyone who knows what poutine is, and you won't have to explain what poutine is to those who don't. Theirs is topped with a small pinch of cheddar cheese shreds - total joke. Even Harvey's, Canada's version of Burger King, sells better faux-poutine than this. My highschool cafeteria sold better faux-poutine than this. :(  It wasn't un-tasty, but it wasn't poutine. I don't think I'd get it again. But if you like mashed potatoes and gravy, consider this an appetizing alternative. You do get a generous helping of them. [actually, on second-thought, and less debbie-downer'ly, might I suggest you just get some real cheese curds! real poutine would be awesome... think about it]Ps. by way of caution for those not around here regularly, the price for some good old fashioned gentrification (or, revitalization, in business-speak) along Corktown's Michigan Ave is now a constant swarm of parking attendants. Detroit-rules suit-yourself-parking no longer applies here. Park appropriately or else add a $20 city gratuity to your meal.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,5/27/2012,37,68,6,6,5>Although I don't always know exactly where we are going to eat when we go to Greektown I always know where we are picking up dessert. First if all if I tried to say that "maybe I don't quite feel like stopping there tonight" my wife would drag me there by my ears so I may as well go voluntary or even try and pass it off as if I had a choice or even better like it was my idea because I know how much she loves it.Second they are open late so there isn't much of a chance we won't get there by closing. The place gets full around midnight or one. People from games, concerts, restaurants, bars, and the casino are here getting their sweets fix. Third thing is the price. It's surprisingly not too expensive. It's pretty much right in line with any restaurants desserts but here you have tons of choices. Anything from a chocolate chip cookie, mousse, muffins, chocolate dipped rice crispy treats, to ice cream is always available. Just try to not find something. It's impossible! There maybe too many choices because somehow we end up with extra desserts every single time.So this is a great place for picking up desserts in Detroit and after you buy some you get the bonus if walking back to your car holding your box of goodies by the dainty little string. Remember pinkies up!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2011,5/26/2012,28,101,3,10,4>As their name implies, MedFresh Cafe offers fresh fare prepared in front of you. Think of it as the Panchero's/Subway/Chipotle/Quiznos... of Mediterranean food. On my first visit, I had the chicken shawarma pita with hummus, lettuce, tomatoes, banana peppers, pickles and cucumber sauce. After they roll your pita up, it's toasted. I added a cup of lentil soup which definately had cumin and black pepper, yet was very tasty. With a lemonade, my combo came to $7.40. I was pretty happy with the pita and will definately return to try other options! Their menu also offers salads, entrees and some nice sides like marinated olives, sauteed veggies, white bean and curry potato stews. If you go, keep an open mind and remember you aren't in Dearborn and they aren't bringing the food out to you. With that, they are indeed fresh tasting and I look forward to trying out their other offerings.
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,5/25/2012,94,292,3,6,4>Le Petite Prince is truly a gem on multiple levels. First and foremost,  their pastries. Every level of their showcase has real French pastries with labels also in French. Can this shop get anymore French? No, because there's more to convince you. How about the French daily made bread behind the counter? Want more evidence? Lastly, when the owners come out from the back room speaking French, that should do it.You can practice your French, which I try to do, but they probably just laugh at my terrible accent, grab some freshly baked bread, but whatever you do, do not leave without an almond croissant. I have tried them at so many places after here and none of them compare. They are perfectly flaky on the outside, has thinly sliced almonds on the outside that have been slightly toasted from the oven, and the inside is heaven. It is soft, moist, wonderful almond paste that isn't strong at all, but has enough flavor to remind you its there. The paste is delicate and the rest of the pastry finishes with that same delicate flavor. Make sure you go early enough because they'll sell out later in the day.If you go, please save one for me!***CASH ONLY
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2012,5/24/2012,215,177,5,5,5>Haters gonna hate...but Slows' brisket is some of the best to ever pass my lips. I'm also very partial to their stellar mac and cheese. I don't mind the smallish 'small' side portion, as a bigger portion would perhaps be too rich and you wouldn't be able to finish your pile of luscious melt-in-your-mouth meat!I've never been too patient a gal.  I don't understand how a place can be SO crowded all. the. freaking. time when it's Detroit, not Tokyo. To borrow a metaphor from Liz, I'd rather have my tongue stuck on an icy pole for a few minutes than wait for hours as my stomach attempts a reenactment of Alien.Enter Slows To Go: SALVATION!  You can call ahead or place an order and meander around the other local businesses in the area (Avalon, Spiral Collective) while you wait.  Perfect timing, marvelous barbecue.  Dinner is served!
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,5/23/2012,59,121,,6,6>I was SO SO SO happy to hear that a great place to get Dim Sum would be opening within the Detroit city limits, as the drive to the other location wayyyy out in the suburbs was a little killer at 45 minutes each way.Favorites for our group:-Deep-friend softshell crab-Deep-friend squid with spicy sauce-Shrimp Kau -Shu Mai-Shrimp Balls-Lo Mai Gai-Bean Curd Skin Roll-Rice Noodle Rolls-Mango PuddingThe list goes on and on! Sushi is also offered at Midtown Shangri-La, which has yet to disappoint! Helpful hints: We once arrived at 8:05pm only to be told that they stop serving Dim Sum at 8pm sharp. Plan accordingly! Also:  This Shangri-La is closed on Sundays, so if you're hard-up for a dim sum fix on a Sunday, you'll have to make the trek out to the other location.Great for groups, as Dim Sum tends to be one of those 'order a bunch of different stuff and share' scenarios. Parking is available in a paid lot on the side of the building, or via regular metered street parking.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,5/22/2012,81,26,,9,8>I've not been moved to write reviews lately, but the perfect dining experience I just had at Bistro 222 commands my time, attention and advocacy.In an unassuming storefront in "downtown" Dearborn, this little jewel sports white table cloths and 40s-era music while serving up well crafted dishes that will delight your mouth on their way to your tummy. From opener to dessert, each part of the meal was flawless.The (waiter-recommended) calamari appetizer was not delivered with your traditional just-fried treatment, but instead served with a delectable tomato and kalamata olive sauce mixed in with the most tender part of the calamari (no leggy tendrils, for those of you who avoid them). My house salad was even worth accolades, as these humble greens were elevated to praise-worthiness via the most exquisite mint vinaigrette. Our entrees were amazing. My dining partner simply ordered Fettuccine Alfredo,  the pasta part of which had the hearty consistency of home-made noodles. Along with just-the-right-consistency Alfredo sauce, there were a variety of delicate vegetables mixed in. It might have been the best Fettuccine Alfredo I've ever sampled. My entree was a special menu item - salmon with a crab meat topping served over a creamy dill risotto. Incredibly rich, but positively delicious and decadent. Portions were ample, as we both couldn't finish and had half the plate to take home.Speaking of decadent - I couldn't help but overhear the table behind me rave about something lemon they had for dessert. The waiter informed me it was limoncello cake and he highly recommended it. I rarely have dessert, but the rest of the meal had been so impeccable that I just had to continue the experience. I was not disappointed. The cake was layered with cream cheese icing and served with a bright green lime sauce. It was the kind of flavor explosion that makes you close your eyes and shake your head slowly...Not a crumb remained.I also have to say that the service was just as fantastic as the food - how often does that happen? Our waiter's name was Jesse, and he could not contain his enthusiasm for serving food he was truly proud of. He checked on us at appropriate intervals throughout the meal, and took genuine pleasure from our obvious satisfaction. He was definitely part of making this evening one of the best dining experiences I've had in the Detroit area for quite some time. I will be back...and I would urge anyone looking for a rare dining treat to look no further than Bistro 222.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,5/21/2012,214,174,4,9,9>So much fun!I brought a group down to Wheelhouse and we cleaned em out of bikes to rent!  Twenty-eight in all, we had just about every bike they had - including the coveted tandems.  Scheduling was super-easy and the staff was really helpful about routes we might want to take.  I did make arrangements in advance (to assure they had enough bikes).  A $50 deposit was required to reserve.  When we got there, everything was set and ready for us - and distributing the bikes was easy (and fun).We ended up with a pretty simple ride (very crappy weather), but it was great for us - we headed east to the Dequindre Cut and up to Eastern Market.  We spent time checking out the art in the Cut, we made a stop in Rocky peanut, rode around Eastern Market a bit and headed back.  In total, it was only $10/bike and included the helmet for what could have been up to 2 hours of riding.  I would HIGHLY recommend this for just about anybody - families, a first date, somethng to do with out-of-town guests, you name it.  It's as simple as riding a bike.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,5/20/2012,91,68,3,8,6>Like many of you I was a bit worried about the location of the Drive In, but let me assure you it is a very SAFE and clean (albeit rustic) environment.  We were able to take our whole family to see Mirror Mirror for under $20.00.  The kids were thrilled to be in their PJs and to have the fresh evening air blowing into their faces while a show flickered in the night sky.  I highly recommend this as an experience you cannot afford to miss.  And if people don't start going to this theater it will soon be closed.  Everyone should try it at least once.  And Spring and Fall are great for kids because its still dark early enough to enjoy...summer the night skies are a bit bright.  Best is the kids are fast a sleep on the drive home...bonus for parents!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,5/19/2012,111,105,3,10,8>My family has been going to Piccirilli's since I was a little girl. My bridal shower was here, we celebrated my parent's and grandparent's wedding anniversaries here. It is, simply put, my family's favorite Italian restaurant this side of Windsor... and coming from a first generation Italian American - that is saying something. We are quite picky about our food! Umberto and his staff have really perfected the art of Italian cuisine. His new menu is great. He has no problem accomodating my food allergies and treats us like family each and every time we come in. Ask Umberto for his wine reccomendations and be sure to order Rouladin ( a rolled pasta dish) if it's on the menu - it is incredible! and I'm allergic to it - but still crave it! So order one on my behalf, please!! :)
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,5/18/2012,172,189,2,7,7>This is the place that I have been waiting for . Simple, easy, perfect. I spent the evening with a group of students celebrating our last day of finals.  The beer selection was simple but well done. I drank Ghettoblasters all night.  The bartender gave us sample tastes of anything we were interested in.  The IPA was a really great floral, slightly sweet with hints of citrus.  Really beautiful beer.  The pizzas were all great.  We all ordered pies and traded pieces with each other.  Such I welcomed surprise.  I'll be coming back again and again.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,5/17/2012,267,274,8,11,10>Slowly but surely I am putting together a pretty awesome "go to" list of places in Michigan to get delicous things to eat. I have my perfect cup of coffee, my top notch cupcake, the perfect french macaron, a flipping amazing burger, world recognized tart frozen yogurt, etc etc etc ... but up until now I had no one on my list for pie.Whats up with that Michigan??? A good slice of pie can make anyone smile and it made me so sad that there was no one in Michigan that knew how to craft such a thing. That was up until I discovered Rock City Pies. Nikita of Rock City Pies sets up shop basically every Saturday and Sunday at Rust Belt Market*. He cooks everything by himself, in small batches and sources everything locally. Lets start with the crust. It is a definitely not your "usual" crust...thats a good thing! It is a delicous buttery oat concoction that is paired perfectly with the various yummy fillings. and the fillings...oh the fillings.I have only had the opportunity to try 2 of the different types of pie because they are just SO GOOD that I do not want to stray from their amazing-ness. The salted caramel + apple is honestly perfection. The apples are sliced super thin and artfully layered inside the pie. The creamy caramel is not overly sweet making it an acceptable snack morning, noon or night (if fact I may or may not be having a slice for breakfast right now - don't judge). The light sprinkling of salt just tops off the perfectly made pie....I really have no other way to explain it other than simply amazing. My husband is not a pie guy....well he wasn't until he tasted the caramel+chocolate pie.  He also does not yelp, but he insisted I let him type the following:"Rock City Pies has converted me into a pie lover.  And by lover, I mean devourer.  That chocolate+caramel pie didn't stand a chance against me.  I destroyed it and then immediately felt remorse because I didn't even save a bite...a morsel...for the next day.  How in the world am I supposed to wait until next weekend to have more?  Will I venture out and get a different flavor?  Will I buy two pieces in the small hope both will last more than a few hours?  These answers don't come easy, but one thing is for sure: I am going to eat the s*%! out of more pie!"Rock City Pies has rolling menu that usually changes on a weekly basis (its listed on his facebook page (facebook.com/pages/Rock-). Anyways....I think you get the picture. Michigan pie fanatics are finally rejoicing. This really is pie perfection. I can pretty much guarantee that if I am in town I will be making a weekly trip to the Rust Belt Market. Good bye New Years Resolutions to cut out dessert...hello pie.  -----------------------------------------*Rust Belt Market: yelp.com/biz/the-rust-be
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,5/16/2012,794,350,16,10,6>Wiener Wars Part 3I'm a Wiener, he's a wiener, she's a wiener, eat Senate Coney Island and you can be a wiener too! I stood up on my seat and yelled out "Who's got the best wieners in Detroit?" Let me tell you, Senate does!!! "Who's got the best french fries in Detroit?" SENATE does. I know everybody asks, "Who's is better? American or Lafayette? I rated them both the same four stars. Well here's the tiebreaker. I'm partial to Senates because I went to the original restaurant on Michigan Ave. and Livernois(no longer there) years ago(1976 and beyond). They have the best wieners, grilled with the right amount of dark brown skin all around. The french fries are hand made every day. Stop in and say hi to the potatoe guy. I call him Spuds. These are the best of all the coney restaurants. Straight up fries, chili fries, with cheese....you name it, they're the best.I eat my coneys with light onions, smothered in mustard. I put mustard on my fries. Coneys for breakfast, coneys for lunch, coneys for dinner.I'm in heaven!!! Sometimes I taste them all day long. Time for me to change my nickname again to Coney Boy or Wiener Boy!
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2012,5/15/2012,72,72,7,11,4>I'm a pretty handy guy.  I work with tools for a living.  But one of the things I hate doing the most is brakes.  It's a dirty job.  It's also a pain in the ass if you don't have a lift.  So when it comes to doing brakes, I don't mind having someone else do them.  In fact, I encourage it.  This is when I bring my car to Brakes & More.I'll be honest - I'm very hard on my brakes.  One might even call me a braking enthusiast.  Consequently, I wear through my pads pretty damn quickly.  I also tend to wait far too long before replacing my pads.   By the time i'm done with them, I usually wear through half of the backing plate as well.  (Hey, I paid for all that metal... i'm going to use it!)  This usually ends up destroying my rotors, and can even damage the caliper if the piston extends too far.  As you can imagine, this is expensive.Fortunately, Brakes & More has extremely fair pricing.  I was able to get all 4 rotors and pads replaced on my car for $450.  This may not sound all that cheap, but the car I drive is an import with expensive brakes.  I honestly would pay close to $400 just for the parts if I did it myself.  These guys are fast too.  I believe they had my car in and out in around 2 hours.  I went home and took a nap so I don't know exactly how long it took, but it was a lot faster than I expected.The guys who work here are totally honest.  They even brought me back to the garage to show me what they were going to do.  I appreciated that.  The shop may seem a little dirty & messy, but instead of buying a mop they just pass the savings along to the customer.  That works for me!So next time you need a brake job, try this place out.  They are honest, inexpensive, quick, and they do the job right.  You really can't ask for anything more!
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2011,5/14/2012,181,189,,7,6>Sometimes you get pleasantly surprised when you aren't expecting it...Went there for spontaneously while in Detroit for some lunch only because russell street deli was so packed. I use to go to Majestic Cafe back in the day when I was going to college near there but haven't in awhile. Went inside and it looked different. Looks like they had a Chef Gordon Ramsey style makeover by looking modern and hip.I liked the decor but it didn't feel cozy. I felt underdressed wearing jeans and a baseball hat.I looked over the menu and it was totally different from what they use to serve. I was actually disappointed. The waiter told me they got a new chef. We almost left.The menu was mostly hamburgers and sandwiches. Few salads and some entrees.Since we were hungry and didn't feel like driving around, we stayed.I ordered the Brunch burger since I was craving eggs. This hamburger was described as a burger with bacon and egg on a brioche bun. All that sounded really good. Got some sweet potato fries with that and coffee.* Coffee - It was good basic coffee and they brought out some cream not in a packaged creamer... I like that. But the cream was so cold that it instantly made my coffee cold. * Sweet Potato Fries - This was pretty good. Not naturally cut but more like precut french fries. But they tasted fresh and it had panko like seasoning on it. Came with very thick Cinammon Maple Syrup like dipping sauce that I really liked. Some might find it too sweet like a dessert dip though. Fries were pretty good!* The burger was huge and it was cooked perfectly the way I asked for it. The egg was over easy so when I pressed down on the burger, the yolk started to ooze out to become the sauce! It was delicious! I'm glad I said no mayo knowing that the yolk should be the main flavor.  The brioche bun was buttery and awesome. The bacon was flavorful. This was one of the best burger I had in awhile. I might say one of the best in metro Detroit next to Red Coat Tavern.The prices were little high since the sandwiches come with no sides and around $10.Service was pretty good too. They kept the old theme of having local artists art work on the wall as a gallery. I like that.*** They can substitute any meat with tempeh for vegetarians.Only few bad things:* They didn't tell us about the specials. I was sitting with my back against the specials wall so I didn't even notice until after I ordered. There were few things on there I would've liked to try.* They have this black foam thing on the ceiling and some of it was caked with dust. They need to clean it.Overall, I was pleasantly surprised on the new chef and the new Majestic Cafe!
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,5/13/2012,252,310,5,7,7>This is like a dream - an Arabic restaurant with coney island prices! They are able to offer authentic Mid-East cuisine at minimum mark-up since the diner is so casual. It is a dive restaurant in a good way - because really in the old country I am sure a casual place would look and feel this way - besides they are in Dearborn so no need to dress the place up all nice to impress Americans right?A medley of sandwiches to pick from at only $3-$4 each each (i.e. meat shawarma, chicken shawarma, beef tongues, chicken livers, etc.). Lentil soup is only a couple bucks, and finally - a place that sells hummus for cheap. Depending on the size you want, hummus can be had for just $4-$6. Not bad! The dinners range from $9-$13, to the Farrouj chicken combo that feeds 2 (which I hear is awesome) costing upwards of $20+ - which is still a great price to feed 2. The garlic sauce is a little creamier than I like, but still very good. Complimentary breads are room temp and pre-bagged at the table - but for an inexpensive joint that is acceptable, especially as I have seen pricier places getting away with it. Even bottled water is only 50 cents - so they are hardly even going for profit on that! Also, our waitress was very patient and kind. Very nice attitude - she seemed to be the daughter of the owner.All in all, if you are not trying to impress anyone and just want a simple, authentic, cheap bite of Mid-East food for lunch (or dinner) then this is your place. On my side of town I go to La Marsa where the price tag includes a nicer ambiance, but if I could have it my way I would just enjoy this casual Arabic diner. Very good food for a low price, I highly recommend it!
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,5/12/2012,203,109,16,23,18>This is how Detroit does wine. MCW isn't polished, it isn't pretentious, and it even seems a little rough. The phrase "keeping it real" comes to mind. MCW strays a bit from typical wine culture. That's a good thing in my book, because it makes the mystery and art of wine more accessible to those who are curious but intimidated. On the other hand, it's also a place for people who know wine and want to talk about it with people who aren't interested in affected "winespeak." Let's not take ourselves too seriously now! What is endearing about MCW is their approach to wine. First of all, they keep their prices incredibly reasonable and when you purchase a bottle to drink there, the corkage fee is only $5. Then there's the punch card for loyal customers. For every 10 bottles you purchase to take home you get something free (a tote, glass of wine, mini-tasting, amoung other things). I appreciate the appreciation! Then there's the sincere interest in bringing intriguing and unexpected wines. For example, the malbec I last seen on the list was from France. I had heard France (the grape's original home) is now trying to compete with the popularity of South American malbecs, and I loved that MCW gave us the chance to taste the difference. Oh, and THEN, there's the jazz. This is how you know you're in Detroit, a wine and jazz bar. I definitely enjoy seeing the local artists and sipping a glass of wine, but this is also a point of contention with me. This is a very small space, and if you're there during a show you can pretty much forget about having a conversation or browsing the bottles of wine. Since I'm already complaining like a brat, I'm going to throw in a word about the walls. Yeah, the walls. 70s wood paneling on one side and red on the other. Something about it feels a little uncomfortable. I'm not looking for more typical wine bar decor, but I'm not digging the basement-that's-never-been-updated feel either. So now that everything is said and done, you should drop what you're doing and check out Motor City Wine. Seriously. Drop whatever you're doing. Open heart surgery, nuclear fission, a baby. Show some love to this unique, under the radar wine spot downtown.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,5/11/2012,80,187,1,2,4>The deal was I would allow my husband to take me to the NAIAS if he took me out to breakfast beforehand. Well, wouldn't you know this bargain worked, and I had to pick a place for breakfast. I needed someplace in Detroit, with a breakfast/brunch menu, reasonable prices, and kid friendly with a highchair. Louie's Ham and Corned Beef came up on Yelp and we had a winner! How can you say no to a place with Ham and Corned Beef in the name!So we packed up all the stuff that we now travel with, since having a baby (now 8 months old), and away we went. The parking lot of very full - a good sign. They even had a stead stream of cars going through the drive-thru - wait, a diner with a drive-thru!? Ok, all expectations go flying out the window.The staff were friendly, and busy. I must say they were also very efficient. They are used to a crowd that knows what they want, so our waitress had to give us several "need a minute"s before we were actually ready to order. Its also difficult to read a menu when trying to settle in a child. We finally could order - One western omelet and one scrambled eggs with corned beef hash please!The ham and the corned beef really are the stars of this place - just try to order with this is mind. The ham in my omelet was not deli sliced or large chunks, but a fine mince. The ham was also just salty enough and had great flavor. This was a great omelet! Then I reached over to try the corned beef hash - one of my favorite things ever - and it did not disappoint. The corned beef was also minced finely, so the pieces integrated perfectly with the potatoes and veggies of the hash. The potatoes were just peppery enough and had a great crust on them from the grill. Good job Louie! Hope to see you again soon!
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2011,5/10/2012,272,268,5,8,7>Had dinner at Archies last night with a friend.  I have to say, even though in my first review I made fun of the clientele, the owner really does make it a point to come to each and every table to see if everything is alright.  The food is always tasty and good.  The restaurant is definitely clean.  The waiters/waistresses are all so very nice.  When you receive your food you get huge amounts - good for the next day too!  I like to drink a little wine - especially red wine.  The owner told me for a FYI that if you order a bottle and drink two glasses you can always take home the rest and it costs just about the same as 2 house wines!  I thought that this was very nice of him.  For the elderly he opens the doors and he has been known to even run out in the rain and close car windows for his patrons!  How many other places can you find that would do this!????Yesterday on the menu they had Chicken Paprakosh???Spelling, which is a Hungarian meal.  This particular dish is very delicious and I'm sure that there were a whole lot of calories in it!  It is sort of like comfort food - you know here in Michigan we love comfort food, especially on such a rainy day.Defintely would recommend this place and I did see a few younger people in there as well!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,5/9/2012,504,642,5,10,9>I've walked past Fourteen East Café I can't say how many times, usually drawn by the lure of the white marble confection of the DIA or the strawberry-studded joys of Good Girls. I finally gave this charming modern café snug inside the Park Sheldon building its due and sat down with the beau for a visit. We were both charmed.It had something to do with the little plates of biscotti and the free water held in a glass pitcher, the interior studded with fresh strawberries and cantaloupe. Come spring I'm stealing that for my own pitcher, given I hate flavourless water without some form of additive like a grove of lemons. The sleek interior in modern whites and dark tones has its own flair that works with artwork on display and what I think might have been a Tibetan prayer blanket for sale near the front. But what stole my heart were the French macarons. They had them under a glass container like the old-fashioned bakeries I went to as a kid. There they were, in primary colours bold as life: blueberry, lemon, and black forest like someone took a crayon to them. We got two each, the last of the lemons being mine, and retreated to a table in the back to coo over purchases at the Peacock Room. I'm used to munching cookies a la a certain big blue monster on Sesame Street. Not these, which were $2/pop if I recall right. A slow, savory nip delivered a burst of lemon flavor. It was like a meringue and a swirl of lemon curd on top in terms of potency. Across the white table, my beau was similarly lit up for the blueberry tsunami that he said was about to turn him into Violet Beauregard. We managed to nibble those macaroons au Parisien, one tiny bite at a time, interspersed with much conversation. The black forest are a delicious mélange of chocolate and cherry, their filling airy and somehow substantial in ways that don't first meet the eye. In the meantime, we were admiring the old trolley poster on the wall and the large conference room at the back of the café in use by a local artists' group. I was thrilled to see that sort of smart design encouraging the community to come in and keep Midtown hopping.Fourteen East is a charming addition in an atmospheric old building. I'll be stopping in again for more macaroons and a cup of tea, watching the city fly by while I settle in a peaceful oasis at a totally relaxed speed.
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2012,5/8/2012,157,137,,14,6>I was going to give Thai Inn 4 stars, when my boyfriend said to me, "What would make it a 5 star review?"  I couldn't answer.  I don't think it could get any better!  I had a serious Thai food craving today, and was in the Rochester area.  I didn't want to go to Bangkok, so I searched Yelp for another option, and that' when I stumbled upon this gem.  I didn't even know it existed! It is tucked away in a tiny area of a plaza. I called about 15 minutes before they opened in hopes that MAYBE someone would pick up the phone early (I was starvin'!).  And somebody did!  And she was a total sweetheart.  It was ready in 15 minutes for me.  I ordered tofu pad see ew extra hot *I included a picture so you can see how generous the portion size is!*  The lady who rang me up was the one who cooked my meal, and she told me that she "tries every dish before serving it," and how she was "impressed that I ordered extra hot."  She was sniffling from the heat.  I was excited.  I love a Thai place that makes food so hot my stomach has a warm feeling the rest of the day.I got home and DEVOURED my meal.  The noodles were perfectly cooked, chewy, fresh, and not oily.  She made my meal with generous portions of broccoli and tofu, and the spice level was out of this world.  It didn't taste just like red pepper flakes, it had an absolute wonderful flavor to it.  I can't wait to go again and try something else!  The menu is huge!
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,5/7/2012,99,92,2,3,3>I took my Mom for a pizza on a Friday evening.  The next day when I walked into a family function, there she was telling everyone about the great pizza she had the night before.  Apparently the apple doesn't fall far from the tree!  We like good food and we like to talk about it!!!Oh and they have shuffleboard!  Fun!A couple drawbacks I have noticed, not that they will stop me from going back...-the parking lot is a little small, couldn't get a spot around 11 on a Saturday night (during a pizza craving emergency)-their burgers aren't good (stick with pizza, what was I thinking??)
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,5/6/2012,188,247,2,10,3>After dropping some kids off at the Emagine Novi the wife and I needed a place to eat. We hadn't had Chinese food for awhile so we searched our trusty Yelp phone app to find the nearest Chinese restaurant. We ended up at China Café and we were glad we did. Although located in a strip mall, China Café is anything but a strip mall restaurant.I would tend to categorize China Café as upscale. Although the sign warned of remodeling, I had to ask the owner what they were changing; it's really one of the nice restaurants I've been in. We ordered fried dumplings for an appetizer. These weren't the usual pan fried version which they did offer, but deep fried. This left a nice crispy coating on each of the dumplings to top off the excellent soft and warm texture that could be found within. Next up my wife ordered General Tso's Chicken and I ordered the Mongolian Combination dish. Both were served with white rice. Contrary to sticky coated chicken nuggets that generally pass for General Tso's chicken, this dish consisted if thin slices of chicken breast, lightly breaded and coated with a sweet and spicy orange sauce.  The Mongolian Combination was a very nice combination of beef, chicken, and shrimp with onion cooked in a sweet sauce. Both of the dishes tended to have a complex flavor. The sweetness hit first and then after a few minutes you could feel a burn in the back of your throat from the pepper.  I can't really say how authentic any of the food was, but I would take flavors this good over authentic on any given day. Combine this good food with excellent service, a full bar, and owners that were extremely friendly and grateful for our business and you have a real winning combination which will keep us coming back to China Cafe.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,5/5/2012,151,367,3,10,7>Wedding planning sucks.  When I was planning mine, I had a list that seemed never ending.  And honestly, with most of the items, I didn't really care that much about.  I figured, who actually remembers what kind of cocktail napkins you have or the color of the bride's bouquet.  Yea, I guess something was "off" with my bride gene, because I didn't obsess/care/nitpick most of the wedding planning.  Picking out the place was easy, picking out the dress was easy and thankfully picking out the bakery was easy!  However, I did deeply care about the cake - flavor, frosting, design.  I do love a pretty cake and a pretty cake was the first thing to do on my checklist of wedding details.  I scoured the internet for ideas and settled on a beautiful and classic design.  And I knew Ann from Pinwheel would not disappoint in, what seemed to me (beside the actual wedding), the most important part of the night!  And suffice to say, Ann is amazing.  She was patient and very easy going when we met for our initial meeting and then again for the actual cake testing.  I gave her a picture of what I wanted and she brought to life.  Honestly, I couldn't been happier!  And of course it tasted amazing...As for everyday sugar fixes, Ann and her team don't disappoint.  Her display of mouthwatering treats always entice and delight me.  For a while, she was making these beautiful, decadent and sinful coconut/almond brownies, called Almond Joys.  Holy Hell, were they delicious!  I couldn't get enough...I would bring them home and hide them from the husband.  The french macaroons and the coconut kisses (traditional coconut macaroons) are also some of my other faves.  If you have time, have a seat and enjoy your treat with some coffee.  Make sure you also admire the window display, which changes seasonally...they are always super cute.  So yea...I guess I'm a huge fan.  Pinwheel won me over at first with the brownies and coconut kisses, but my life-long allegiance was won over with that beautiful wedding cake.  Can't wait for the first wedding anniversary so I can order a sweet reminder of that awesome cake!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2012,5/4/2012,200,255,,11,7>Tasty, authentic Chinese food is hard to find around here.  I am adding Cheng's to my rotation!I had dinner with my family here.  We had four dishes and two dim sum items (apparently you can order dim sum at any time of the day!), and we had a pot of jasmine tea.We were given soup to start.  I'm not sure if the folks who order sweet and sour, sesame chicken, etc., are ever given this kind of soup at Chinese restaurants because I feel like it would probably freak them out.  It was a broth containing unidentified bones with bits of meat hanging on and nappa cabbage bits.  The soup was meh, and it was not warm enough.  Everything else, though, was terrific.Our four dishes:- Crispy chicken - good, but I unwisely waited until the skin was no longer crispy to eat it.  Comes with a little dish of salt and pepper for dipping, and shrimp chips as a garnish.- Eight treasures tofu pot? (umm, I don't know what this thing is supposed to be called in English... it's ba1 zhen1 dou4 fu3 bao3 in Mandarin) - this is a little stew-like thing (but less liquidy) in a little metal pot.  Ingredients include chicken, char siu pork, nappa cabbage, tofu, squid, scallops, shiitake mushrooms, and I forget what else.  Tasty, comforting, and filling.- Stir-fried green beans - with bits of ground pork and zha4 cai4 (a salty pickled vegetable that is tasty) for added flavor and umami-ness.- Fried tofu pieces, green pepper, and eggplant slices, all stuffed with shrimp with a savory brown sauce.  This is just like that dim sum dish with green pepper and shrimp on top.  Yum!Our two dim sum items:- taro... dumplings?  I don't know what they're called in English.  A crispy, deep fried triangle with mashed taro inside and ground meat in the middle.  YUMMM.- radish cakes!  Daikon radish and rice are made into a batter with bits of meat (ham? Chinese sausage? I don't know) mixed in, steamed, cut into slices, and then pan-fried.  Awesome with hot sauce.Not only was everything well-made and delectable, but the dishes were also not too salty.  Too many dim sum items and sauces tend to be overly salty.  I will definitely be back for dinner and dim sum.  There's an American menu too with all of the usual suspects... crab rangoon, combination entrees, egg drop soup, etc.Note: the restaurant is tucked away in a little strip mall on the west side of Rochester Road, just south of the 3-way intersection (with traffic light) of Rochester and Barclay.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,5/3/2012,258,354,6,5,6>Every Detroiter has a favorite of the 2 neighboring coneys - Lafayette is mine.  As far as the coney itself goes, the dog doesn't snap as hard as American's, but it DOES snap.  The chili is a little less seasoned, but it is meatier and more substantial.  The onions are way crisper, and add a bite that to me, makes all the difference in the world.  And to me, food is like music - we can argue technicalities all day long, but at the end of the day, you're gonna like what you're gonna like.  And I just like the Lafayette dog better. Lafayette is equal parts food and feel - and the feel of the place is pure Detroit.  Small, dingy, no-frills, and unchanged from its first opening.  Lafayette doesn't care about adding more menu items - they just care about serving a badass coney.  They don't care about winning any Food Network throwdowns.  They're not going to alter the plan that's worked for them for so long for anyone.  And that's why, they get the win in my book - Michael Symon, Man vs. Food, and all the other Food Network quacks be damned.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,5/2/2012,376,267,7,16,11>The Best? Why...YES!  Oh holy goodness. Thank you fellow Yelpers for sharing Best China. A few years ago, I experienced Chinese food. I'm not talking the deep fried & slathered in sweet sauce kind of Chinese food.  My eyes were opened to the myth in America that these dishes are authentic to the experience. I was blown away at the sophistication of the flavors and skill in preparation...this Chinese food wasn't even on the same playing field as the "Panda Express" versions I had come to know as "Chinese Food."  Best China is another example of supreme sophistication in Chinese food. Take a "risk" for once. For those who are wary? Try something new. It might just change your life. I asked for the Chinese Menu...I then asked for chopsticks...I then ordered the Chili Fish SF022. I cannot recommend this dish enough. (Rates pretty steep on the spice-o-meter, so spice sissy's be warned.) The fish was so wonderfully tender and soft without being mushy. The sauce itself is this brilliant mix of sweet bean & tangy & hot pepper. It comes in a pretty huge portion and could work really well as a splitter for 2 people. They bring out fresh white rice to accompany the dish. I knew I was onto something when the waiter delivers the dish and the owner walks up and goes, "Aaaahhh very authentic..." and smiled gently. He knew what we were in for...sweet (but not saccharin sweet) n spicy bliss! Not knowing how large the Chili Fish dish was, we also ordered from the noodle menu : Pork & Cabbage Noodles. This noodle soup was nice and simple. The pork gave it a very pleasant smoked pork flavor. The shredded pork bits were soft and flavorful - not at all tough - and the cabbage & bamboo strips added a subtle flavor as well as took in the pork broth very nicely. The noodles themselves were comparable to ramens in thickness and flavor. What a understated dish! I'd have to say though, I'll return for the Chili Fish. That stole the show...but I'm open for recommendations if someone would be so kind as to school me on what else is good ! (Please!!! :) )
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2011,5/1/2012,125,326,9,8,7>"Who stole the kishka, who stole the kishka, who stole the kishka? Won't you bring it back!"That silly Polish ditty reminds me of my goofy father dancing and singing like a goombeck, so imagine my joy when I was shopping at Eastern Market and saw a food stand with employees hawking pierogi wearing t-shirts that say, "I stole the kishka".  Best. Thing. Ever.This lovely group is bringing pierogi to the people - in both a traditional and a VERY non-traditional way.  You can find the pierogi you grew up with, or perhaps you'd like to try a breakfast pierogi?The pierogi were good.  They felt a tad expensive, but after popping a squat on the curb and digging in - the price was no longer a concern.  My chlopczyk even ate a few bites.Dziekuje to PPC for such an awesome addition to Eastern Market.  (And I hear, soon to your grocers shelves and Ann Arborites as well)
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,4/30/2012,1388,1056,26,29,21>Believe the damn hype. These are some crackity crack crack crack. Especially when you get them hot and fresh and swig some milk to wash them down with. It was not ideal for my blood sugar but I have surmised nothing truly tasty ever is.From the heavenly original glazed to the cream filled to the delightful cake varietals every single thing I tried in here was evillicious. Truly just amazing. Some of the best I have had outside of the K-zoo mini chain Sweetwater Donut Mill, and that is just saying something. To be a close #2 to that place in my book is a feat to a WMU alum like myself.I mean anyone can fry dough add sugar and make it tasty, hello. These donuts though have really good flavors, they are not just all mere sugar and fat. They are fresh and warm, have the right crunch to moist density ratio and oh hell they are just delightful. I do not have enough words to describe the explosion of happiness in my mouth, and god knows I love explosions of happiness in my mouth.Go there. Try some. Return. Enjoy more. Die of happiness.Oh and James says the cinnamon rolls are amazing. Sigh.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2011,4/29/2012,127,343,2,6,5>5 stars in the fried chicken world of Detroit. Not my all time favorite that would be Iva's, read my review but the best locally hands down.  But any one can fry a chicken right? Not so. KFC is a grease bomb, churchs is ...well i don't know what Churchs is, and chicken shacks chicken isn't a chicken it's pre cornish hen it's so small.Pollos is everything those are not moist interior and crispy but not crunchy exterior. Ive been here twice now the past 2 days and it's just wonderful and cheap. The coleslaw is creamy and crunchy with a nice taste.The only thing holding back the 5 stars is the carpet could use cleaning or new carpet and a complete deep clean of doors and stuff. Live a little a find the house on Junction, it's so worth it.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,4/28/2012,40,22,8,8,5>My favorite Mexicantown trifecta is: lunch at Taqueria Lupitas, browsing for gifts at the little gift shop next door and rounding it out by swinging by La Gloria bakery.Neveria La Michoacana is part of my SECOND favorite Mexicantown trifecta, which is: lunch at Armandos, treats at the mexicantown bakery and POPSICLES at Neveria La Michoacana.You don't have to do the full trifecta to enjoy any of these experiences, but it is recommended. These popsicles are the real deal. Real fruit and SUPER CHEAP. Half of the fun is trying to guess what the flavors are on the menu which is written exclusively in spanish. I don't think there's anything scary like Pig Stomach popsicle, so I say just go for whatever one looks the best - which will be a hard choice.Also they have adorable little baby popsicles, so if you can find a baby to drag in here, I highly recommend it.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2012,4/27/2012,159,92,4,6,3>Note: I am giving honey tree 5 stars because I think they have the best Greek salad around! Now that we have that out of the way, I will tell you about this salad. It may not be anything special, but I think it is. When I lived in Bloomfield Hills, this would be a weekly carry-out destination for me (and they have a special carry-out only door on the side which I love!). When in doubt, just get honey tree.I always order the Greek salad with chicken, but you have to ask for the chicken well done. I know, I know you should never order things well done...but I make 2 exceptions, bacon and the honey tree chicken. It is the only way you get the crispy crust on the outside, which I think is essential (this does not dry out the chicken FYI). Anyway, besides the chicken and amazing dressing it is any other Greek salad but those two components make the salad. All I can say, is try it for yourself and see. I also do get their saganaki (opa!) cheese and tzatziki, which are both delicious. They deserve 5 stars as well. Yes, this place is not much on ambiance...but whatever, it is like a coney island kind of place. Lots of old people, but don't worry about that. Just order the Greek salad with well done chicken and you will be happy.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,4/25/2012,50,104,9,7,5>Come to the Brewhaus !!!This is a fun, friendly place with a very relaxed atmosphere. The bartenders are cute and flirty. They have moderately low prices and pour good drinks. The food is good too, although the bartenders do the cooking and everything else, so don't expect speedy  service with your food if the bar is packed and jamming. I totally suggest the cheese burger, grilled cheese or chicken planks, although if they have homemade food specials left, order that.This is a drink and shot place with one pool table, 2 dart boards and a couple game machines, internet Juke box etc.. It's not fancy but fun so come on in and give it a try. Say hi to me and buy me a beer if I'm sitting at the bar. LOL
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2011,4/24/2012,44,163,3,7,4>Taqueria is BACK! We've made three visits and really like the new staff and new recipes.What's good:NOTE: make sure you don't get stuck with "gringo" taco fixings, nothing would ruin this food faster than loads of shredded iceburg lettuce, cheese, and other extraneous crap...lime, onion, cilantro is all that's needed! Barbacoa platter with corn tortillas. Savory braised meat, lots of sauce (is served in a bowl) onions, touch of cinnamon, chilis, garlic. Braised Pork with Red Chili sauce. Either in a taco or as a platter. Shred the chunks of pork with your fork before wrapping in a corn tortillas and adding onion, cilantro and lime. Mm!Tamales are tasty - I prefer the bean/cheese or Pork varietals.Sides are good, I like the refried beans. Rice has a nice, spicy flavor instead of just tasting ketchupy (like at most places).Tacos with Potato and Chorizo are awesome and comfort-foodie. Do NOT get it with the cheese and lettuce (as it says on the menu description), it will be ruined if you do.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2011,4/23/2012,68,72,4,9,6>"Photograph: a picture painted by the sun without instruction in art."- Ambrose BierceI've always hated getting pictures taken, even as a child.  Posing, forcing a smile, holding still- it all feels so unnatural.  Staring at a lens is like staring down the barrel of a gun; I freeze uncomfortably in position, ready to bolt the minute that I have an opportunity.  The end result is that nearly every picture of me showcases my awkwardness, and could easily be mistaken as an ad for Imodium AD.Enter The Camera Chick.  Not only am I overwhelmed by the quality of her work, I'm equally impressed by her ability to make me feel comfortable and natural during the whole picture taking process.  It's rare to find a photographer who combines professionalism and candor to such a degree; throughout the shoot, we laughed, smiled, and joked.  I felt like I was just having a good time, talking to a friend- and the end results show just how much that helps to create a GREAT photo, rather than one that's just good. One of the reasons that I opted to use her is the abundance of portfolio work she displays online, and the positive feedback she's gotten on Facebook.  Additionally, I found out while talking to her that in 2011 she competed for the first time in the Detroit A List and Channel 4 "Vote4theBest", snagging 2nd and 1st place respectively.  No small feat for a young startup!!  It really goes to show how strongly her customers feel about the quality of her work.Above all else, though, it needs to be mentioned that this is a boutique service, not Olan Mills.  What that means is that you're getting something you can't get in the photo studio at the mall: superior service and photos that are stylistically different.  If I needed a quick, straightforward picture of myself to send to a distant family member to let them know I'm alive and haven't devolved into quasimodo fugliness, I wouldn't go to The Camera Chick- I'd probably just snap the pic myself.  If, however, I wanted to remember a special day/event, capturing all the moments that you sometimes miss because you're overwhelmed by everything going on, she'd be the first photographer I'd call.  She and her staff are experts at capturing those classic, unscripted moments in the best possible light- this makes her perfect for weddings, allowing the bride and groom to have fun while she works her magic and gets the shots they never would have thought to request.  Additionally, she takes the time to review all the pictures she's taken, and professionally enhances/edits them- no more shiny forehead (my personal problem) at the end of a long evening, no too-dark pictures, etc.  With competitive prices and a 3 week turnaround time on picture delivery, it shouldn't come as a surprise that her availability gets sucked up pretty quickly.  During my photo shoot she told me that weddings need to be booked well in advance: she's already filled most of her weekends in 2012, and quite a few in 2013.  I'd recommend anyone looking to book her for a wedding do so at the earliest possible time, so as not to wind up disappointed and having to settle for a photographer that'll give them the same old posed pictures everyone expects to have.
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2011,4/22/2012,29,44,3,7,7>For what it is (i.e. a true dive of a neighborhood diner), Monty's is as good as it gets. Nestled comfortably next to the not-so-comfortable-looking Seville Motel block (a great hang-out if you are lonely, in need of company, and are willing to pay for it), not only is the location perfect for a dive, but the interior consists almost exclusively of the open kitchen and the bar with bolted-to-the-floor barstools, completing the equation. A couple of tables sit beside the windows for those seeking an outward-looking vista: all the better to take in the luxuriant parking lot and the thousands of jalopies choking their way down Woodward Ave.If the above description discourages you, well, you're clearly not the diner type. But even if you are discouraged, once you walk through the doorways, you'll find shelter from the sad storm outside and smile. It's your first time here, and everybody already knows your name. Gayle, who was working this Easter morning with Albanian Alex (the owner), aptly paralleled the ambiance of Monty's with that of the Bull & Finch Pub in Boston (where Cheers was ostensibly set--it was the exterior model that all the shots were taken of--the inside was, of course, a set). I walked in here for the first time today and left knowing all of the staff's names, and I'm confident that when I come back, they'll remember mine. In other words, if you're feeling lonely, but not for sex, or you're just kinda hungry for some good eats, keep walking through the Seville parking lot and eat at Monty's: it's cheaper, legal, and safe. You probably want to know about the food, too, since you're likely going to be eating here. I suspect I need not remind you--this is diner food, which means breakfast food and your assortment of coney-island-type fare. They serve breakfast all day, and I can't imagine coming here for any other type of food, except maybe a burger (which I can't vouch for, but will probably have next time I'm craving some flesh). It's hard to really fuck up breakfast food, but there's definitely still a wide range of quality and ability when it comes to serving up over-easy eggs, omelets, and hashbrowns. The portions here are generous, the ratio of grease to food acceptable, the prices rock-bottom (The early-bird-special is a must--I don't remember the details because looking at how much food I could purchase for $3 dollars was intoxicating), and the eggs perfectly cooked. I know this because my sister had a minced-ham hash with over-easy eggs on top and the huevos were cooked perfectly. I was a bit more adventurous. Have you ever heard of a chicken-salad omelet? Me either. It sounds revolting, frankly, but Gayle swung my vote from corned-beef hash to this weird medley of chicken-salad-inside-a-veggie-omelet and it was delicious. It's not on the menu but it will be soon, so if you want to enjoy the cool factor associated with ordering off-menu, you'd better hustle over to Monty's quick. The omelet was probably 3 eggs into which were mixed tomatoes and onions (salt, pepper, etc.). Inside I found a creamy, warmed-up chicken salad concoction and other vegetables, plus swiss cheese. Again, I realize that this sounds very strange, and I've never seen such an item offered anywhere else, but I would (and will) happily eat this again. I guess it's a sort of secret specialty here. They also offered fried matzah with scrambled eggs and veggies, which is a lot like chilaquiles, but Jewish (sort of, unless you get it with ham, which is really good but no longer particularly Jewish). I fully intend to take my little sister here on my way to work, before she has to go to school in the morning. It's the kind of place where you could bring your kid sister or nurse a hangover and feel completely comfortable and content. Despite the drab surroundings, Monty's glitters like a silver dollar buried under playground woodchips, sits there as though it had jumped out of an unsuspecting boy's torn jeans pocket and is sort of indifferent as to whether it gets picked up by someone else--it's happy to be close to the earth. Monty's has heart. It has it's own heart, and now it has a piece of mine too.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2011,4/21/2012,77,274,3,5,2>If you're into Vietnamese food, usually you're in one of two camps: pho or banh mi. Personally, I'm in the later category. And if I weren't I'd probably give Que Hong a much lower score. The pho here is some of the worst I've sampled. The broth is thin and watery, with none of the complexity usually found in the dish. The bahn mi, on the other hand, is the additive inverse of the pho. The pork is perfectly grilled, giving it a rich flavor that compliments the spice and slaw perfectly. The bread also has a nice crust to it. Simply put, this is the one Detroit bahn mi that could give the West Coast ones a run for their money.So, now is the time to ask yourself which one are you more into. The hipster-y pho? Odds are, you're going to be meh about Que Huong then. But if you're more into the soon-to-be-hipster-y bahn mi, well then, Quu Huong is the place for you,
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,4/20/2012,49,344,15,15,8>My only sadness about Babo is that, being a market, it is not zoned as a residence and thus I cannot live inside of it.  My goodness, though, is it glorious.  The closest thing we have in A2 is Zingerman's, the commonalities being high-quality specialty goods, a beautiful interior, and generous and friendly counterpeople.  The difference is, simply, that there is space to breathe in Babo.  The ceilings are tall, the decorations are sparse but chic.  It reminds me of NY markets, and I kept walking around because I just didn't want to leave.  Lots of prepared foods, from coffee and bakery goods to hot and cold food by the pound to sandwiches and cheese and meats.  Also lots of high-quality pantry items... tea and coffee, jams, butters, ice cream.  Even some produce that looked beautiful!  Other pluses: good location with a couple bike racks right outside, an area to sit inside to eat, lots of individually sold spices.
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,4/19/2012,78,272,1,11,9>The restaurant is actually inside the market next door.  This family owned place has the most AMAZING broasted chicken I've ever had.  Collard greens, peach cobbler, fresh cakes, pies, and cupcakes.  Don't forget the corned beef sandwiches.  There is also a wide selection of Asian groceries and the staff are the nicest people I've come across in Inkster.  Be sure to stop into this diamond on the rough.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2012,4/18/2012,139,856,6,6,6>I didn't think I would be allowed into Lost and Found, because I am not hip or cool or any other such adjective.I did make it inside, and I was very impressed.  First of all, there was 70s mood music playing in the background, which made me feel like I was in a Boogie Nights sort of movie...well almost.I found a really nice tie I ended up wearing to a party that very night.  And also a blazer which fit like a glove, a very old glove.  The prices were quite decent.I probably am not going to become a vintage regular, but for someone who really hates shopping, I found shopping here pretty fun!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,4/17/2012,107,385,,9,6>I got my first tattoo at Name Brand today and the entire experience was easy and fun. Considering my rampant anxiety, the fact that I can say this shows something about the shop, its staff and professionalism. Having wanted to get tattooed since 14 I figured my 19 year wait was proof that I really wanted to do this. I had been playing with an idea but I can't draw - that didn't help my anxiety. Using the website I sent a general contact request where I provided basic info and a description of what I was thinking. A few days later I got a phone call from the shop, was asked a few questions and scheduled a consult. Based on what I wanted to have done, the shop set me up with Adam. Our consult was chill. I explained what I was thinking and provided a few pictures I'd printed that were kind of along the idea. We talked about a few different ideas, Adam said he would work on it and we scheduled a one o'clock appointment for today. From the consultation I knew NB was a good place for me. Adam was serious and knowledgable but also had a sense of humor and was chill about the whole thing. He was up front about the fact that what I had envisioned as design would not work with the size I wanted and took me through some options. Today I arrived at the shop after brunch with a few friends (and yes, brunch included a couple of mimosas to help with the nerves!) and was greeted by Jenn, another artist at the shop. I filled out some paperwork, and then Adam popped out to show me his concept: perfect!We talked a little about color and then he finished setting up. He talked me through the process (I don't know if this was because my tough-guy act wasn't working or because he does it with everyone but it helped to know what he was doing) and then started. We chit-chatted throughout and he was efficient and focused. He checked in at a few points toward the end and kind of kept me apprised of what he was doing.The process was organized, chill and I liked that Adam checked in regularly if we had stopped chatting. I also liked that he told stories throughout, peppering the silence but not being too talkative. I will definitely return to Name Brand for another tattoo.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2011,4/16/2012,163,84,5,6,4>Transcendent.  That first bite of the velvet that Cameron's is trying to pass off as steak generated several thoughts all at once including, but not limited to ...1. How am I going to explain to Deb how good this is without sharing too much of it?2. All food that we eat from this point on will pale in comparison3. I'm thrilled I didn't let the $43 price scare meand finally ...4. I need to maintain an expression for the other diners that says "Oh, life-altering steak?  Of course, ... I eat here nearly every day.  I am not a once-in-a-great-while visitor who is overwhelmed by my good fortune."Wow, the bone-in ribeye (22oz) with asparagus and mashed potatoes ... hold on while I pat myself on the back for that choice.  Incredible flavor and texture and let's face it ... one course of this meal was nearly 50 bones, so the fact that it seemed worth it was maybe the best endorsement I could share with you.Deb went with the 7oz filet, asparagus and mac-n-cheese.  She shares my admiration for the quality, the quantity, the service and the ambiance.I noticed someone who reviewed Cameron's mentioned that it was dark, or dim ... and I thought, "Who wants to eat a high-end dinner in a place with neon lighting?"  I thought it was condusive to a serene dinner mood and that worked for us.  Everything on this visit for that matter, worked for us.
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,4/15/2012,169,178,2,14,11>As far as U.S Hostels go this is top of the heap. I stayed here over the weekend and really enjoyed my stay. I am somewhat local right now but know I will come back for a vacation in the future. The bed was comfortable and the neighborhood is very quiet. I also appreciated the abundance of wall outlets in my bedroom. They can change room configurations pretty easily to accommodate your group and offer lockers at no extra fee.The staff is beyond helpful and the space is clean conducive to hanging around. They have separate male and female bathrooms with "female hygiene products" in the bathroom for those unwelcome vacation surprises and both bathrooms are nice. The Nancy Whiskey Bar down the street was hoppin' and I hear the hostel offers tours or itineraries if you want to learn more about the area or find other stuff outside of the immediate neighborhood, just ask. If you're wondering if Detroit is a good place for a getaway I would say YES and the folks at Hostel Detroit can help you maximize your vacationing pleasure.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,4/14/2012,46,54,4,8,6>The name alone caught my attention when I heard of the "Wurst Bar" a couple of weeks ago.  I thought to myself "how could I not go to a place called "The Wurst" Bar?"  Principle alone would have led me into this establishment.  I must say, I was pleasantly surprised when I read other reviews on Yelp! that this place had a decent craft brew selection.Fast forward to Saturday night...When i walked in, I was a bit miffed by the fact that there was not a "seat yourself" sign or any indication if you had to wait to be seated, served, etc.  Fortunately, it wasn't terribly busy so my friends and I parked it at a high top and didn't wait too long for a waitress to serve us.  Upon looking at the menu, I quickly realized that the "Wurst Bar" was more than just a clever tongue-and-cheek name that the owners came up with to draw attention (even if it were I'd still give an extra star just for that).  This place's signature item is (drum roll) bratwurst!  When you walk in the door and pay attention, there's a nice display of sausages on platters in a refrigerated case.They had some pretty wild food items that might might some people say "WTF?" or even gag at the idea of having something like a rattlesnake chorizo brat.  I on the other hand was all in for consuming this semi-outlandish item.  My other "win" of the night was discovering that you could get tater tots, but not just any ole' tater tots, you could also get sweet tots which were sweet potato-tater tots...more awesome-ness!When my food arrived, there was one thing that irked me a bit.  The food is served bread / paking pans that would conveniently hold a loaf of bread and apparently does hold a sausage fairly, but just doesn't translate all that well to being something you'd want your food served in.  My brat and tots were somewhat of a hassle to collect and consume from the receptacle but it wasn't a deal breaker, even though it was slightly annoying.The food was quite good...I enjoyed my rattlesnake chorizo brat on a pretzel roll w/ onions and green pepper.  The beers that you could get, which ranged from Belgian craft beer to the usual crap in a silver or white can, which also accompanied the meal well.This place is both good for going in and having lunch/dinner or just going in to hang out with some friends for drinks.  The ambiance is pretty nice too as it's laid back, but not too laid back.  I did notice that towards the latter part of the evening as the place went more into "bar mode" from "restaurant mode" service was a bit slower and harder to come by if you were sitting at a table.Overall, I'd come back for some more unique sausages and yummy beer any night of the week.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,4/13/2012,68,109,3,7,4>Bartz is a place that you want to go to once in awhile. I say this because once you try one of their baked goods, you might become addicted and fat. Their desserts are ridiculous. The bumpy cupcake is one of the best things I have ever eaten. And it's huge for a cupcake. Prices are average (not cheap but not overly pricey either). I have yet to try their bread but have tried 3 different types of pastries and all were fresh baked and moist. There is nothing I hate more than a dry pastry/dessert.  My main suggestion for Bartz is their cupcakes. Oh, how I drool over their cupcakes. Actually, all of the trendy cupcake shops that have been popping up really need to stop into Bartz first to see how a real cupcake is done. Yup, I said it.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,4/12/2012,39,48,7,11,7>I've decided to try out the chicken parmesan, which has shown different results than what I was looking for. After a couple bites, the pizza reminded me of something that has little to do with pizza. I couldn't put my finger on it until recently, a few hours after the feast; a cream-cheese filled pretzel. That's right, it reminds me of a cream cheese filled pretzel, which was one of the best pretzels I've ever had! In fact, go to Kuhnhenn's down the street and get one right now! Ok, really though, Vincenzo can make you a pizza that tastes just like one in less time it would take for the waitress to take your order, and I'm not exaggerating all that much.So, if you're not weirded out already, which you shouldn't, I'll elaborate a bit. The pizza not only tastes like a cream cheese filled pretzel, but add more and more cheese to the mix. The cheese adds a fluffiness to the pizza, which is probably why the texture reminds me of a pretzel. It is only to be accented by chicken cooked to perfection. The parmesan tastes of a top-shelf wheel, mixed in with equally good provolone and mozzarella. I really wish I could describe the flavor more, but this pizza still screams pretzel to me. And hey, I really really like pretzels. Apparently my sugar glider Ninja likes the pizza equally as well. He almost had the box open before I startled him, fumbling for my phone to take video. Sorry, I don't have a video of a sugar glider nosing a pizza box open. If I did, I probably would have called it a night and waited for the advertisement money to roll in from YouTube. I did let him munch away a bit. Yeah, this pizza is sugar glider approved.This pizza is of heavy-type, regardless of the pretzel persona I precariously drew so vividly already. A few slices are sure to keep your airhead friends on their feet and your hefty friends a bit closer to the ground. I ate one slice past half of a medium pizza, which was one slice too many for the night for me. My only complaint, though, is that I'll have one less slice tomorrow. I'll sleep well knowing that a swift storm couldn't move me from my bed.After eating, I thought that this may truly be my favorite pizza. Then reasoning took over and I started trying to devise ways of putting this pizza in its own category, because I have way too many other favorites. "It's not 'really' pizza," I thought (which yeah, it is). But alas, my technical thinking kicked in and came to the conclusion that you can favor more than one thing, have your cake, and eat it too.Thanks for reading,KristoffPS. Check out my other reviews below for more in-depth descriptions of some other great pizzas, like the Detroiter pizza, breakfast pizza, and just a plain ol' freakin great pepperoni pizza.
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2011,4/11/2012,151,160,3,14,9>Cheap vegetables?Dirt cheap is more like it. I didn't believe my eyes. More than once I had to confirm what my brain thought my eyes were reading.Beyond the vegetables, there is more to stop and shop for here.We found the arabic tea that we so enjoyed at lunch. Along with fresh ground arabic coffee. If you have not had either of these, try them. Complement with the baklava's offered and you have a refreshing treat. I found kefir cheese in the dairy cooler. This is similiar to cream cheese, but healthier as it contains probiotics.The meat and poultry counter holds a particular interest to me. The beef appeared to be of high grade and nicely marbeled. Same with the poultry. Nice sized parts and whole chickens. The prices listed are comparable to major chain stores.A return trip is in the near future.
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2011,4/10/2012,148,80,5,9,7>I am in love. Head-over-heels, unabashedly, skipping-through-the-meadow-holding-hands-under-a-­rainbow in love. Michigan has a some decent restaurants that offer generally good food, but almost non-existent are places that offer the inspired gourmand cuisine that is a staple of a certain Windy City to the west. I had almost given up, that is, until we found Cork. The first time we went there for dinner we were famished and let our server talk us into a feast of food - It was love at first bite, and it kept on getting better. The seasonal pumpkin bruschetta was a suprisingly savory combination of rich creaminess from the pumpkin puree and salty crunchiness of the baguette and pepita seeds. The chacurterie plate and arugula salad were also very delicious, but the rabbit pappardelle was down right AMAZING. Fresh, house-made pappardelle tossed with the most succulent braised rabbit in a savory corn sauce - if I had to only eat one dish for the rest of my life, this one would be a contender! While we finished a great meal with some some ginger-molasses ice cream cookies, Chef Ruben chatted with us and told us about their monthly wine pairing dinners. We finally had a chance to attend one last night and were completely blown away by the creativity and ingenuity of what Chef Ruben could do on a whim. The menu featured a tasty goat cheese spread, sweetbread stuffed squab, scallops and spaetzle, a braised oxtail stragonoff, and an ambrosial goat cheese creme brulee served in a carmelized apple.  There was not a single dish that did not impress. All courses were expertly paired with a glass of wine from Owen Roe winery. The caveat - a 5-course meal with wine pairings was only $60 a person! You simply cannot find a deal like that ANYWHERE else. I have a feeling Cork is going to be our go-to restaurant from now on - between the amazing food, delicious desserts, and extensive beverage list (not to mention the personal "neighborhood" feel of the staff and chefs), I couldn't ask for more!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2012,4/8/2012,157,473,5,4,4>I finally came back for the food.  There was an elder couple ahead of me and the patriarch was positively gushing.  On the wall inside, it says " There is no sincerer love than the love of food."  Amen to that.  The place is legit-I think they were playing the Qur'an over the speakers.  Usually, I am put off by people putting their religion out there but I had a meal to eat.  I saw their cafeteria/deli-style set up and went all out.  I had their shish kafta, which they grilled on the spot-great call.  I had a spinach empanada thing at a feeble attempt to eat healthy-that was not bad.  Of course I bought dessert.  The pistachio baklava and the phyllo dessert were both superlative.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,4/7/2012,140,496,6,7,5>This place is so close to a 5 it's ridiculous.  My friend knows I'm somewhat of a food snob, and figured he'd take me here.  While most may be leery of this "type" of joint, it was right up my alley.AMBIANCE- this place is all stools surrounding a horse shoe counter.  The place is typically busy, so you need to grab a seat where you can (yes, this may require you to sit next to a stranger).  A real diner feel to this place, it's not fancy, but it'll do you right.SERVICE- the women working behind the counter are super friendly, and I have typically seen them chatting up the regulars that come into this place.  What's nice about them is, even if its your first time, they make you feel like a regular.  And amidst all the chaos, they seem to keep their cool pretty well.MENU- sandwiches, sandwiches, sandwiches.  It's a deli, what do you expect.  They serve breakfast until 11am, and I always seem to get there just after the fact which is so sad.  No matter though, the sandwiches here are the star (as they should be).  They have a few soups, and some salads (maybe).  They also have a dessert of the day, which when I went was Peach Cobbler.  More on that later.  Most sandwiches are anywhere from $6-$8 dollars.  FOOD- My co-worker recommended the both the corned beef and pastrami.  But how does one choose between the two.  It's like asking what's my favorite kind of bacon.  Fortunately there is a sandwich that combines the two- Double Trouble, and it is magnificent.  And while the sandwich was more than enough for me, I felt like indulging a bit more and got the peach cobbler.  ROCKIN'!  Sure I was uncomfortable for most of the day, but it was totally worth it.OVERALL- best corned beef I've had in the Dearborn area, hands down.  I've been back a few times, and they are consistently exquisite.  Check this place out if you've got a hankering for some corned beef or pastrami.CELEBRITY RATING- Ndamukong Suh
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,4/6/2012,226,699,,8,6>Me and some friends decided to call into work and play hookie for a day in the D on what must've been the nicest February day in decades. We had our sights set on Grand Trunk for starters...my first visit there. When I walked in I first noticed an almost full bar and dining area in a very narrow galley style pub. Immediately I was betting the food had to be decent at the very least. The decor is a hodge podge of railroad kitch and local flair wrapped in dark wood and patina. The rusty vintage Vernor's sign on the wall is a tribute to the heritage of the city and after an hour or so of looking around I'd guess there are still some interesting things you missed inside. I've heard the restroom may be the scariest in the city but I didn't have the pleasure of checking. That aside, I totally dug this place. Our bartender, Melissa, was awesomely attentive and just really nice! She engaged our little group of misfits and we talked about how the Butterfly Effect 3 was shot at Grand Trunk - just a little trivia for you kids.The food all looked great! I had the Wee burger and chips. Not very adventurous, I know but it was really solid. Properly cooked on a good bun and their produce was actually fresh and appealing which impressed me...soggy burger lettuce is a no no in my book!! Bettermaid chips embellish most sandwich plates and the beer flows freely. I'll come back to that later though. The friend to my left had the Mabel Clark - house made corned beef on an onion roll with slaw, swiss and Russian dressing. First of all it was stacked and had melty swiss cascading the sides of the unctuous corned beef which I stole a piece of and am at this very moment craving fiercely. They do corned beef well! Friend number 2 had a Cow Catcher burger - also stacked with crisp produce accoutrements, properly cooked and on a great looking bun. I'll be back for the food for sure.The beer flows....mostly local to Michigan, it's like a small beer festival here. Bell's including the much sought after Hopslam, Short's, Jolly Pumpkin, Founder's and a host of other craft brews cohabitate the bar some on draft, others bottled. And of particular interest to me and the reason I sought out Grand Trunk to begin with was the fact that they serve New Holland Brewery's Hatter Royal Hopquila - an 80 proof tequilaesque liquor made with hops. Very interesting stuff, and I also found out that they carry all new Holland's spirits, sans the whiskey variety. As if that wasn't enough, they make some specialty cocktails, sell beer to-go and they have a mug club. This may be my new favorite crush but before I profess my true love, I have to return for more food and more local beer.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,4/5/2012,39,69,3,7,5>I heard about this new place and thought to myself, "Self, you just had an intense Yoga workout, and you are hungry.  Go get some food."  So, I called my brother, and met him and a friend of his at Torino.I was early, and the bartender told me about how they use fresh juices in their drinks, about how they pickle their own Marciano cherries, etc.  This initial conversation nearly immediately won me over.  But, I digress.  I ordered the fruit smoothie, which was very good, and which apparently has protein powder as well.The other 2 folks in my party arrived, so we were seated, and indecisive.  My brother had a glass of wine, which he enjoyed.  Incidentally, the prices on bottles of wine here are quite reasonable, ranging from $20-46.  Yes, some restaurants seem to charge this amount for a glass of wine.So, we finally made up our minds and ordered the Torino Platter.  It was a medley of the ripest fruit, most delicious vegetables, cheeses, and meats one could ask for.  It also came with a side of grilled panini bread, crackers, honeycomb, gardiniera (spicy Italian chopped pickled vegetables, the Italian equivalent of toorshi), and olive tapenade.  The Torino platter easily feeds a party of 3.  We didn't order any other food, and we were all quite satiated, without feeling over-stuffed.  A party of 4-6 could enjoy this platter as an appetizer before their meal(s).The appetizers seem creative, based upon the menu descriptions.  The paninis also seem like something I would want to order on a return visit.My only complaint - and this may have less to do with sound acoustics and more with obnoxious lushes that generally frequent establishments in and around Ferndale - is that the place was quite loud.  Perhaps I came at the wrong time (around 9:45 PM), or on the wrong night (Wednesday), but there were some annoying/loud people present.  I guess of all the things that can go wrong, having loud/annoying clients is probably better than having poor food, overpriced drinks, or a nasty ambiance.  Thankfully, Torino seems to do an excellent job on all fronts.
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,4/4/2012,60,86,7,9,8>Absurdly good!  There's something hypnotic about the cold, smooth, buttery texture and clean flavor of frozen custard.  It's delicate, creamy, melts on your tongue, and is just like...like...I'm having trouble thinking of non-sexual metaphors.  Just go here.  Ignore the other walk-up ice creameries on Woodward (there are at least 4 others).  Cash only -- I think.  Smalls run under $3, and you get a ginormous amount.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,4/3/2012,150,273,6,9,7>What a great dining experience, this evening. This is the third or fourth time that we've eaten at this restaurant. For the first time, I thoroughly enjoyed the service. The young lady who waited on us, was friendly, knowledgeable and frequently checked in on our status...We were welcomed with a smile and friendly conversation. She didn't appear bored nor annoyed (which always seemed to be the attitude on previous visits).Steve and Rocky's has an ever changing menu, so what we had tonight doesn't mean it will necessarily be on the menu when you visit. It's a large sized restaurant. There is a small bar in the front section of the restaurant. It's not too noisy, but it is crowded and you are sitting quite close to your neighbors.We started off with Fried Calamari in a spicy tomato ragout. OMG! I wanted to lick the bowl. The sauce was tangy, but spicy and tasted so fresh. I wasn't really impressed by the calamari. It was good, but they cut the calamari rings and seem to flatten them into strips. They weren't very meaty. Very small portion $7.50I had the Gulf Shrimp Provencal tomato, garlic and herbs, linguine. YUM YUMMY YUM!!! So freaking good! Again, I wanted to lick my bowl clean! The shrimp was so plump, fresh, sweet and deeeeeeeliiiicious. The linguine and sauce mmmmm Fresh, fresh fresh ingredients. Very small portion, but there were about 8 medium sized shrimp. I'm okay with the portion size, but I k now some want more bang for their $. $21.75 YEAH it's pricey...but for quality and we only do a higher end restaurant once a month or so...My husband had the Chicken Scaloppini Saute Oscar; jonah crab and shrimp cake, bearnaise sauce, asparagus, sauteed potatoes. SAME comments as above...The crab/shrimp cake was so flavorful. Chicken was moist, cut thin and perfect. Excellent sauce (yes, he wanted to lick his plate clean, too) LOL $16.75Our son had the Broiled Norwegian Salmon artichoke and spinach gratin, white wine sauce, fingerling potato, leek and bacon saute. This is my finicky eater and he thoroughly enjoyed his meal. 6-7 oz fillet of salmon. Everything was done to perfection. flakey salmon, light and delish sauce. The aparagus was tender and not over cooked. Not one complaint. $21.50We finished off with a little Creme Brulee...I needed a cigarette when we were finished and I don't even smoke... ; ) LOLSo my yelp friends, if you want one of those splurge meals in a very comfortable, relaxed atmosphere, I highly recommend this establishment. Happy Eating!!!
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,4/2/2012,60,247,5,8,7>I visited Burgrz for the first time last week for a team lunch.  As a vegetarian, I can say that there's nothing like a good burger.  Really.  At Burgrz, they play both kinds of meatless music - Boca and Veggie.  I got the Boca, a pleasantly large patty on large, classic bun with the fixings I wanted.  The onion rings are big - and juicy.  Waffle fries servings are ample with the fries themselves striking a nice balance between yielding and crispy.  There are milkshakes, hot dogs and even salads for the faint of heart.The atmosphere is simple and casual, not an old soda shop redux but  relaxed with clean-lined metallic chairs.  Burgrz achieves what Five Guys Burgers and Fries would like to but fails to - a tasty tribute to an American food tradition
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,4/1/2012,192,175,5,6,6>I don't know when this Sanders location snuck into downtown Birmingham, but I'll gladly rejoice its presence. After a recent dinner my friends and I took it to the streets to find a delicious dairy dessert. I have had a fondness for Sanders since my childhood (as I'm sure many Michiganders have); from Bumpy Cake to their unique hot fudge sauce, there's something magical about Sanders. Being a Friday night, it was remarkably quiet evening in the shop. Perhaps the unattended teenyboppers that generally take control of the downtown Birmingham were still stuck in their B Grade comedy entertainment at the Palladium? After perusing the ice cream cases the flier for the Pumpkin Pie Cream Puff. I was sold. I have a profound weakness for seasonal foods. And delicious things--it was a match made in Heaven. Served with a paper cone of ice water (just as I remember from childhood visits to the one in Grosse Pointe--now the Caribou), what more could a boy want? Especially since the soda jerk (not really a jerk) was ever so kind to use half hot fudge and half caramel on my sundae. Picture it: a fresh cream puff sliced, filled with a scoop of cream pumpkin pie flavored ice cream, topped with whipping cream, hot fudge (and caramel!) and a cherry. The Sanders store had refrigerator cases of a variety of their patented Bumpy Cakes and several gift boxes of hot fudge and chocolates, including their to die for Sea Salt Dark Chocolate Caramels. There was also a lovely display of foil wrapped chocolate Turkeys. I won't lie, I kind of wanted to take them all home with me. What's more fun than a chocolate turkey? I made a personal note to include Sanders as a place for a quick gift chock full of local flavor. And yet still the best part of the trip was picking up the brochure that Sanders offers a tour of their factory! Apparently in 2002 Sanders joined forces with Morley's Chocolates and they offer a tour at their factory out Hall Rd and Garfield way. The tour allegedly includes an 18 minute video and 20 minutes in the observation hallway and most importantly free chocolate samples. I cannot wait to go. They had better have Schnozzberry wallpaper. And oversized gummy bears.**I am aware that Sanders and Morley's have no connection to Willy Wonka, but I'd like to imagine they'd keep up with the competition, I mean, who wouldn't?
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,3/31/2012,56,309,3,8,7>I can't believe I have never reviewed Eastern Market.  Just for the bridge going over to Gratiot Market, even.    I began my day to meet a friend from Windsor who had never been there.  He was delayed in the Tunnel, so I had time to go where I wanted.  I was sad to see that RJ Hirt is closing down, but rumor has it they will re-open in the spring under a new name.  I hope they don't suffer the same fate as my dear Rafal Spice.  I started my stroll in front of Supino's just to take a deep breath.  Moved on to Rocky Peanut to pick up some Bit O Honey.  Promptly ate them and moved along to watch the musicians outside of Berts, and then hit the sheds.   It was a little more sparse than normal, but as it gets colder and windy, that happens.   Stopped by Detroit Manufacturing to get my nephew a T Shirt, and heard from her that traffic had been not so great the last few weeks.  I went to visit my t shirt guy on the gratiot bridge, but he had shut down for the day.  Dang.  I wanted my Chet Lemon 1984 card shirt (2 for $10).  I miss it since it was abducted over one year ago by an old boyfriend.   Still waiting for my friend, I decided to grab some milling spices and an Eat Your Greens Eastern Market shirt for my veggie friend (I am such a separatist) visiting from NYC.    She loved it.     Finally, my friend was released from the tunnel and met me to walk around.  He loved the sights,smells, and people at the market.  His favorite part I think was the No Grumpy People sign.    I'd like that for my front porch and my office door.    Anyway, go. Anytime of year has it's own charm.
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,3/30/2012,409,83,,6,5>Roast Pork, Roast Duck, BBQ Pork, Oh My!!!!This take out restaurant is just fantastic in every way. If it is your first time going to this place order the pork it is outstanding. The skin on the pork is food orgasm. Yes, folks it is really that good. Ordering can be intimidating if it is your first time, but totally worth it. When you go to the order everything is bought by the pound. I recommend doing half pound portions because that way you can sample all the scrumptious goodies. There is a lot of time going into preparing these beautiful meats. The way the flavor is incorporated into every bite is just amazing.If you have never been to China Town in San Francisco, Toronto, New York, Chicago then this is similar representation of some of the fantastic places you find there. The best part is you don't have to travel all the way there to sample this type of food.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,3/29/2012,142,231,11,8,8>Considering I don't even remember leaving Delux Lounge, I'm going to chalk it up as a good experience.  Nycole K and I went there to blow off some steam and we sat at the bar.  The bartender/mixologist - Adam, was awesome.  He paid us the right amount of attention and surprisingly wasn't a complete tool.  We started ordering drinks and Adam kept up with us pretty well.   Now, I can't really blame the next chain of events on the bar, but I can't complain.We sat strategically in a place , just far enough apart to create a hole for people order a drink.    When they would come to the bar, we would strike a conversation with them.  As the place got more packed, and these people would wait longer, the more we would talk, and eventually score a free shot/drink.   So luckily I got to sample several of Delux Lounge finest. Hence, the memory loss.The atmosphere is practically nothing, but kinda cool located below ground.   They also attract a nice blend of young and trampy, and older and pathetic.   For the record, I fall somewhere in between.One star away because I wasn't a fan of the DJ's choice of mix.     But other than that, it's a great place to have some fun drinks, get your dance on, and hang with a bar full of people just having a good time.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,3/28/2012,149,123,6,11,4>I really enjoy Vincente's. Once you enter, walk past the somewhat creepy fishtank and slightly odd Godfather table in the front window, you'll find a worthwhile destination.I've only ever been on a weekend, but the atmosphere is always buzzing with island fun and Cuban music.  Despite a few odd decor choices, it really does take you away to somewhere far from Detroit.The food I've had has been really great. The Ropa Vieja was absolutely delicious, and the calamari is definitely above average (and there is a lot of average calamari to be had out there).My biggest drawback is probably that the Mojito's aren't better. I guess I'd expect a Mojito at a Cuban restaurant to knock me off my seat, but it was meh. I'd opt for one of the other unique cocktails or the sangria.Word to the wise - salsa lessons start around 9:30, so the music gets quite loud. It's a decent sound system, but just don't plan on carrying on a serious conversation with your dinner company. More likely your ears will be ringing a bit when you leave. Good times though!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,3/26/2012,223,265,5,19,11>Wow - we've been going here for MANY years, and I somehow missed reviewing it.  It's a gem in the realm Detroit Japanese restaurants.Sanpei was the first izakaya  in Michigan and it still rocks after MANY years (15+?).  Izakaya places are more informal, pub-like resturantgs that serve food to go with your beer.  Lots of small dishes.  Noodle dishes, some sushi, good sake, cheap BIG mugs of ice cold beer.The menu has lots of varied items that reflect traditional cooking styles: - pickled  - marinated - fried - grilled - sushi - boiled or stewedThey also have a few token main dishes (tonkatsu, teriyaki, ...) that are frankly great but I usually go and get lots of small dishes.The dishes change seasonally with many standards always on the list.Here are a few that I think Sanpei does better than other places: - shabu shabu, sukiyaki or other hot-pot (nabe) dishes  are always fantastic with a TON of fresh vegetables and perfectly fresh and sliced meat - ban banji - marinated chicken with jelly fish salad - kushi - items grilled on a stick   --- tsukune - ground chicken    --- chicken skin (sometimes)   --- shishito peppers - pork belly - grilled rice balls - yaki onigiri - tempura - other fried things  --- always a great selection which varies       the other night they had small whole main shrimp  deep fried with salt===========In addition to big mugs-o-beer, they have some excellent sake by the glass or bottle.  Sake by the bottle is really well priced here.It's been a while since I've had sushi here only because I like the other dishes so much and you can't find elsewhere.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2011,3/24/2012,60,174,6,5,8>My dream is to own my own humongous library, full of classic first editions that I can sniff on a daily basis. I want to be like Belle in "Beauty and the Beast," and dance among the books. I want to sit in a room surrounded by the best friends I've ever had, the characters and writers and stories that comforted me for years, and be overcome with joy for their mastery of the written word. John King's fulfills that dream. Minus me owning it, of course.As soon as I step into this giant warehouse of decades (and in some cases, centuries) of genius, I'm overwhelmed with awe. I don't think this review can fully describe how amazing this book store is. It's so much more than a book store. It's a place for people who truly love literature, and the printed, written word. It's a mecca for people who can't understand why people love their Kindles and Nooks as much as they do. It's a place where people who love books go so that they can paint a picture of Heaven in their heads.John King's, in case you haven't gathered from my ramblings, is absolutely breathtaking. It's a warehouse that chronicles so many years of writings, both good and not-so-good, and holds years of history and genius and creativity. The staff at JK are amazing. They know what they're doing, know the store like the back of their hand, and can give you great suggestions based on the authors you already know and love. My fiance and I have found some great books based on staff suggestions.They also have a beautiful selection of first editions, which makes me immensely happy. I've bought a couple William Faulkner (my favorite author) first editions from them. They've also got a First Ed, signed copy of "As I Lay Dying" that I'd love to have.... Just sayin'....
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2011,3/23/2012,57,58,4,4,6>Over the weekend we had BBQ, and when we wanted it again 5 days later, we decided to try Hogger's for the first time.  It was a great idea.We started with the fried gator and an order of boneless wings.  Both were great.  The sauce that came with the gator made it even better.  It was spicy, just how I like it!  We ordered the whole slab of ribs meal which came with two sides.  We went with baked beans and mac and cheese.  The rib meat was falling off the bone and cooked perfectly.  I added some of the homemade Michigan Cherry BBQ sauce which was awesome.  It was the perfect mix of spicy and sweet.  I probably ate at least 6 ribs myself and could have gone for more if I didn't want to have a food baby on the way out.  I don't like beans, Nick said they were good, and we both thought the mac and cheese was good, but nothing fantastic.We wanted to try the deep fried oreo, but they were out.  So we opted for the deep fried Snickers.  I've never had one, and if the Oreo is even better, I'm coming back just to try it!  The staff was super nice, and you can tell that they really care about what their customers think of the place.  The prices were cheap for the quality of the food.  They have awesome specials for lunch, during sports games, etc.  Their menu also says that they cater.We enjoyed our meal, and the only complaint we had was that the restaurant got a little smokey.  It wasn't terrible, but a few customers walked in after us and commented on it.  But since we didn't notice it when we walked in, I'm guessing it isn't always smokey and something in the kitchen must have happened.  I will definitely be back!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2011,3/22/2012,48,87,7,7,6>Sugar House invokes Boardwalk Empire + neo-martini bars.  This type of atmosphere is becoming increasingly popular in the Detroit metro. Something about the art deco and empty buildings in the D encourages speakeasy* bars.  Luckily, Sugar House manages to pull it off with a selection of delicious drinks and near perfection of said atmosphere.Seating. Don't expect to find the overcrowding that now comes with D'Mongo's.   Beware if you venture from the suburbs, you'll not be allowed in for a drink without a seat.  Sometimes this means sharing a table.  I liked this, actually.  Step out of your cliques insular Detroitees. Meet a new person for once.Drinks. Vodka drinkers, beware.  You won't find much on the menu (at least in the fall season).  Expect old-fashioneds, manhattans and use of pisco.  The service (probably due to limited seating) is impressive and fast.  You can ask the bartenders to surprise you with a drink and request the liquor they use.  How awesome is that? And now I will share a letter to the editor, post-prohibition repeal in the New York Times that complains about an improperly made old-fashioned (as seen on Slate):"Time was when the affable and sympathetic bartender moistened a lump of sugar with Angostura bitters, dropped in a lump of ice, neither too large nor too small, stuck in a miniature bar spoon and passed the glass to the client with a bottle of good bourbon from which said client was privileged to pour his own drink. In most places the price was 15 cents or two for quarter.Nowadays the modern or ex-speakeasy bartender drops a spoonful of powdered sugar into a glass, adds a squirt of carbonic to aid dissolution, adds to that a dash or two of some kind of alleged bitters and a lump of ice, regardless of size. Then he proceeds to build up a fruit compote of orange, lemon, pineapple and cherry, and himself pours in a carefully measured ounce and a half of bar whisky, usually a blend, and gives one a glass rod to stir it with. Price, 35 to 50 cents. Profanation and extortion."I would like to say that Sugar House's Old-Fashioned leans more toward the former, but it has its own twist on things, like most of the drinks of this seasonal menu.Overall this is a must-see.*Speakeasies do not truly exist, at least on yelp.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,3/21/2012,112,139,8,14,10>I was ready to hate this place. I don't like clubs, I don't really drink and I'm not goth. Alas, it was my fiancee's birthday, so I gathered up the troops and put on my happy face. Only once, right? The things i do for love.Who would have guessed that I would have a great time? Not me! I absolutely LOVED it. The drinks were deceptively strong, yet delicious. The kind that taste like candy...until you try to walk and realize you have to consciously think "one foot in front of the other". Try the Angel.It's dark, it's cold, but the music was great. Every other club I've been to, people have been pretentious creepers, but here no one cares! Generally, people were very friendly. I never dance...and at city I danced for 4 hours. I still can't believe it myself. Maybe it was the drinks.So, if you're like me and you hate clubs and are too self conscious to dance in front of people, give this place a try. You may be pleasantly surprised.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,3/19/2012,24,29,7,12,6>Oh my God, Detroit has never been that cool until Astro finally opened. Now it's make sense to call Detroit "Paris of the Midwest" because this Cafe is so Parisian.For sure, they have the best coffee in Detroit, and I know what I'm talking about. I don't like to make strong statements (actually I do sometimes when I get excited) but distinguishing great coffee from the mediocre in Detroit is not that difficult.The best thing about this place is that they serve "Ritual Coffee" from San Francisco and "Intelligentsia Coffee" from Chicago. They are a few of the best micro coffee roasters in the whole country. Most of the Cafes only brew from one roaster, but Astro provides two of the best. This place is the best new thing happening in Detroit right now. I think I'm going to go there now to drink another cup of coffee. I just remembered how delicious their coffee is.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2011,3/18/2012,46,57,4,11,6>First thing of note: when you arrive, there's a guy in a security vest directing you where to park. At first, I wasn't sure if he was legit. Don't worry; he is. The restaurant itself is really nice with the white tablecloths that one comes to expect from Italian restaurants. The servers are very helpful and informative.The menu, however, is what really makes this place. On first glace I couldn't help laughing-- the audacity to make mole and homemade pasta at the same restaurant! I mean, I knew it was Mexican and Italian, but once you see the Pollo de Mole right across the menu from the fresh pasta bolognese, it becomes real. But I confess-- this trip my friend and I decided to just try the Mexican dishes. We'll be back to try the Italian side of the menu.The food was great. The guacamole we ordered to start was divine. Not entirely sure what set it apart from your average ol' guac, but it was delicious. The best part? The food was truly authentic. I always judge a Mexican restaurant by the prevalence of cheese in its menu items. Tons of cheese? Americanized up the wazoo. Just a sprinkle of queso fresco? Authentic. And the items here? Very little cheese. So I was pleased.And whatever you do, ORDER SOMETHING WITH THE MOLE!!! It's really hard to find a restaurant that does good mole. I'm convinced that most restaurants just pour it straight from a jar. But the mole here was rich and spiced and all around perfect.I can't wait to come back and see what the Italian dishes at El Barzon have in store.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,3/17/2012,29,33,,8,7>This is a great concept and I've been following the progress on this place since I read about it in HOUR magazine. I think its something different that the area needs. I'm at 4 stars right now and I'm torn between 3 or 4. There is room for improvement and being that this place just opened I look forward to seeing it grow. I'll warn you that this is not a place to stop at on a quick in and out pub crawl or a place to expect to get just any old drink on a rush. This is, as they are marketed as, a speakeasy style joint that takes meticulous care in what goes into your cocktail. It takes about 2-3 minutes for each drink to be carefully prepared using a variety of ingredients. This is what makes me nervous because too many people out there want their drinks on the fly and dont want to wait.  If your drink order usually consists of shots of johnny vegas or jager bombs you are in the wrong spot.  Also if you don't have the patience or respect for how drinks used to be made you might want to just keep on moving. If you are in the mood to have an intimate evening with a few friends and appreciate a well made drink, than this is a place you must go to.  After walking inside, the interior of the bar is very minimal, very dark, very seductive. Black walls with aged bronze or gold decorations line the shotgun style bar. Black sofas, black chairs, and bar stools with an ornate backrest line the bar and seating areas. The lights are dim and the crystal chandeliers give off enough light to see what's going on but not so bright that it's uncomfortable. The bartenders were dressed in appropriate clothing for the era this place emulates. The one thing that was a little odd was the curtain between the kitchen and the bar area. where the kitchen was lit up by florescent lights, every time the employees needed to go into the kitchen it cast a really odd light into the bar. Overall this is a great place to start or end or spend your whole night at. Beer and wine service is being added but I would venture out here again just for one of the many signature drinks they proudly make.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,3/16/2012,398,356,,11,4>I had saw in Allure Magazine that Consher was voted the best spray tan in MI and just had to try them out. After getting nothing but terrible spray tans (streaks, too dark of coloring, spotty sprays, orange hands), I figured that either paying more would work or I just wasn't cut out for the fake stuff. And take my word for it- you will pay more at Consher ($105 compared to $30 I've paid elsewhere). But the finished look you get from Consher is completely worth it! They have a special 'red-head' formula that made my tan look completely natural. I had no streaks, no spots, and was tanned by hand, by a lady that was so nice and had me completely relaxed the whole time. And yes, my tan was going strong though my whole week in Vegas. My only complaint is that I can't do it more frequently. But I will definitely go back before big events/ other vacations!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,3/15/2012,45,283,4,5,3>Here are some important things to know about Seoul Street:1. Their fried chicken is insanely good. The white meat is like candy, but the dark meat is complex and wonderful.  The spicy version isn't too spicy, even for this wimpy white girl's sensitive stomach.2. The fried chicken is prepared to order, so expect a 20 minute wait.3. Their salads aren't anything to write home about, but they do have good dressing which is - surprise - also good with the fried chicken.4. The restaurant is hard to find. It's tucked around the back of one of those multi-use buildings, so you'll basically never find it from the street.  Do not be deterred.  Or do, as that means more fried chicken for the rest of us.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2011,3/14/2012,132,325,6,11,7>i went hoping to fill a craving for chicago dogs and was met with the hippo dog. thank god for the hippo dog.  relish, peppers, tomatoes, onions, mustard, pickle all on a poppy seed roll.  the roll was the softest roll i've had on a hot dog in a really long time.  bf had the slaw dog and the new york dog and was equally happy with both.  we didn't even bother with fries and both conquered 2 dogs each.the happy little extra to my meal was what i consider to be the best cream soda ever, dr brown's.  with each dog in the 2-3.50 range with polish sausages being more in the higher range i was even more pleased with the price.the only thing i found a little weird about the experience was the vienna hot dog company ads everywhere in this tiny place.  but, if those vienna people make dogs this good then i guess i can stand a little advertisements.love juston
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,3/13/2012,68,337,1,6,6>Super-cool!  I love this place.  It was a bit of a cluster tonight, but hey, first Saturday night kinks I hope.There wasn't an official hostess stand or even hostess when we walked in.  Just a bunch of folks standing around.  Eventually we were able to identify the person that must be taking down names.  Too bad a few couples got in ahead of us since there was no real organization.  We didn't mind the communal seating in the main room and thought it was actually pretty cool.  The beer list was amazing and I highly recommend taking advantage of the sampler--3 or 6 beers of your choosing.  You wouldn't know that's an option on the menu, we just happened to see folks around us ordering them.  My fiance and I had dinner here tonight and started with the oysters.  It was my first experience with oysters and now I can't get enough.  The funny thing is that I returned later that evening with a friend and they were out.  Apparently everyone else ordered them (and loved them) as well.  I had the fried seafood plate and he had the po'boy--both great!  When I returned with a friend later in the evening it was again a cluster at the door.  There was no one to greet us and it was a pretty full place.  We weren't sure what we were supposed to do: wait patiently or find a spot at a table.  We opted for the latter and found a seat in the corner.  Since they were out of oysters we opted for the pretzels and donuts...both were delicious!  I can't wait for a return trip, my only hope is that it's more organized at the door.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,3/12/2012,99,290,3,6,4>From time to time, my co-worker and I will simultaneously say "Mmmm, Turkey Burgers"  and make our way to the Harmonie Cafe for lunch. It's only a couple of strides from my workplace downtown. Mike, who is the host, the server and the chef, is attentive and caters to your request-- how you want your item cooked, what you'd like on it, etc.  That being said -- tip, tip, tip! I'm sure he appreciates the love. Harmonie Cafe is attached to the Milner Hotel and is *snaps* this big. Being that it's a "greasy spoon", it's got your typical "greasy spoon" kitchen, a counter with bar stools and a couple of small tables that seat 2 people. In the summer, he'll set the tables and chairs outside with umbrellas. Talk about a relaxing, laid back downtown lunch! If you're lucky, you can sit back and watch something being filmed -- a commercial, movie, something interesting!Mike's menu consists of typical breakfast and lunch fare. As mentioned above, I usually get the turkey burger with fries. He cooks it jusssst right; steams the burger with the cheese to get that perfect marriage of burger and cheese. The fries are seasoned and add that perfect touch to any lunch.Oh, and there's red kool-aid. Yes, red. Yes, kool-aid. Can't beat that.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,3/11/2012,62,61,4,4,6>Pilar's Tamales is fantastic!  What a cute little restaurant.  I did not expect it to be so cute and colorful, as it's location would suggest otherwise.My husband and I shared 3 tamales, the black bean, the jalapeno & cheese, and the summer squash in addition to the casamiento (beans & rice), the pickled salad and a real Coke.  The total was only $15 and we couldn't even finish it all.  We agreed that the cheese & jalapeno tamale was the best - and the casamiento was so flavorful! If I hadn't been so full from the tamales, I would have forced myself to eat every delicious bite of the casamiento.I've had tamales all over the country and no two places make them the same way.  The tamales here are very very moist - with an almost creamy texture.  I was pleasantly surprised at how much flavor is in each item.  I've got to say, Ann Arbor sucks pretty hard in the Mexican/Latino food department so I couldn't be happier with Pilar's Tamales!  I was also pleased to see Tapatio on the counter.  Strangely, Ann Arbor grocery shops and restaurants do not carry Tapatio, at all.  Another great result of visiting Pilar's today is that we went next door to Tienda La Libertad and they sell Tapatio as well as a great many other Mexican and Latin American food products that I haven't been able to find in A2's grocery stores.Pilar's Tamales, you made my day!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,3/10/2012,219,1029,3,6,4>5 girls. One birthday dinner.The place has a nice open space feel to it. Nice decor. Slight dim lighting.At first it seem like their selection is very limited but turn the page over! I ordered the Grilled Pesto Pizza Sandwich (Smoked mozzarella, parmesan, tomatoes, fresh basil-cashew pesto and balsamic herb vinaigrette grilled on Avalon seeded rye. 10.45)Kind of an oxymoron. Pizza but a Sandwich? It came with a side of yam fries with this amazingly delicious spicy dipping sauce. It is kind of like an Aioli sauce. It was so good I used it in my sandwich. I was quite surprised at how delicious my sandwich was. You don't even notice that there is no meat in it. HA HA HA. Theres a pickle on the side. I tried a bit of my friend'sCilantro-Peanut Stir Fry  (Stir-fried broccoli, red & yellow peppers, mushrooms, mung sprouts, carrots and green onions with a spicy cilantro-peanut-ginger-lime sauce, over organic brown rice, topped with roasted peanuts. 11.45) - I was originally going to get this but I saw that they use brown rice. When it came out it looked really delicious and they give you a decent amount of food. I tired a bit and I couldn't even taste that the rice is brown rice. Everyone else seemed to enjoy their meals. I would come back just for the yam fries and spicy dipping sauce.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2012,3/9/2012,137,360,25,28,14>Let's talk about a Henry Ford Museum survival kit because you're going to need it.Camera - definitely - because after a visit you're going to be in a delirious haze of glory and you'll forget what you saw. Plus you'll want to brag to your fam and friends.Snack pack - this is particularly important if you get cranky with low blood sugar levels. Someone in your party starting to pout or drag their feet? Hit 'em with a granola bar followed by some water. BAM. You're ready for the next leg. This is a marathon people. You may want to train with intermittent fasting in advance.Walking shoes - consider geriatric comfort shoes. Don't worry, this place is so big you won't run into anyone you know. And after 100 miles of walking, you'll be happy you sacrificed fashion for comfort.A map and a battle plan. Elect your sergeant. Then abandon democracy. Have one person choose TWO exhibits. No more. Don't be a hero. You will lose the war. I highly recommend the locomotive section. And aviation. But the fun hardly stops there. However, I repeat: do not attempt to cover more than two exhibits in one visit. You will have to signal a search party to save you. You will lose men. You will bring on nothing but misery, potential divorce, and therapy bills for your children.A fascination for ideological propaganda. Get yer American flag up and fly it high and proud! This here's the heart of freedom. It even made my Canadian and Australian friends feel the power of the red white and blue. Yes... That's right... Come to the dark side...Some change and dollar bills. I don't care if you're 5 or 30 or 80 - who can resist using the on-site wax-molding machines that make little cars or wiener-mobiles? Don't you want a smashed penny with "heros of the sky!" engraved onto the face? How about photos in the photobooth?Patience, ear-plugs, or oxycotin. There are little historical sound recreations, like the locomotive's engine and sounding horn. And inevitably there are children who will press it over and OVER. The first couple times are really awesome, though. Speaking of rugrats, there are little stations for them to draw, make paper airplanes, and so on. Seems to be a fun way to integrate the whole hands-on learning thing.The ability to abandon linear history. You want a simple progression of one object to the other? Psh, why don't you go back to modernity, peabrain! This exhibit is for postmodernists ONLY! Ford is a renowned anti-intellectual and it's fascinating how he remakes history here with objects and not words or dates. Who needs dates when the Thing should tell a story all its own? Don't drive (oh ho! the pun! Get it? Ford? sigh.) yourself crazy. Just look at the display. Then Ooo. Then aaahhh. This is great for us who skip over all the info plaques anyway.Some interesting tidbits. Armed with these anecdotes, the museum gets even richer. Collect all 12! I actually don't know how many there are, but here are some to start: 1) Ford himself curated all these piece up until a few years before his death. Now that's dedication...or... a dude with serious control issues. 2) The museum, which is half mansion, half auto showroom floor, was built from scratch for the sole purpose of being a museum. That's right. It was never a house. 3) Check out the blown-up photograph of the family in a train carriage near the locomotives. Above the right-shoulder of the mom, there's a giant painting of a gun. These people do not mess around. Talk about manifest destiny!With this survival kit, you're bound to have an explorative expedition like no other. This place blew my mind. I was expecting some boring displays with some out-dated audio narration - poorly-greased animatronics - maybe some black and white photographs. Instead, these life-size, GORGEOUS, powerful, and fascinating machines and narratives really swept me off my feet. Unlike any museum I've ever visited in its grandeur and impact.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,3/8/2012,198,632,4,6,5>Outdoor grilling - yes, yes, yes!  Nothing better than the combined aroma of charcoal and chicken on a brisk December day!We'd already eaten lunch, but we decided we could stuff some more Mexican food in after we got a whiff of what El Papa de los Pollitos was serving up.  We didn't do the whole chicken, although we were tempted.  Instead we had a couple of crispy taquitos, which were filled with chunks of their grilled chicken with crumbled tangy cheese and sour cream on top ($0.50 each!) and one steak and one chicken taco.  I loved the chicken taco, especially with the bowl of spicy salsa they brought to go with it.  I am really looking forward to trying the whole chicken next time.As Liz W mentioned, the interior is nothing fancy.  Grimy windows, scary (scary) unisex bathroom with a door that doesn't close all the way, chilly!  But the women working there were nice, treating us like we'd ordered tons rather than $5 worth of food.  And that food was great.
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2011,3/7/2012,182,276,1,5,4>This is an introductory review, given that I have only had the Gyro and Baby Greek salad.  I will reserve the right to revise and extend my remarks.  An old school family owned Greek diner just north of downtown Royal Oak. Nikis makes a damn fine Gyro.  Loaded with meat and a delicious tzatziki sauce, its a great example of the local Detroit style Gyro.  The Baby Greek salad was more like a tween size, and loaded with feta.  Why do some establishments get stingy with the feta?  If you ask them, they would probably say cost.  That's where Niki's headbutts them hard.  $5.95 for the Gyro and Baby Greek combo.  Echoing Kristen G's breakfast value observations,  Its probably the best lunch deal in Royal Oak. On the menu are delicious looking breakfast items, and the Greek Fries (Fries, feta and tzatziki dip) sound amazing.  I can't wait to return to sample their other items.
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,3/6/2012,64,71,6,7,6>CORNED BEEF HASH! I'll get to that later!I'm on a mission.  It isn't complete, but I can't wait any longer to summarize my feelings for this place.  I enjoy the Hudson Cafe a lot.  When I look at the decor... I think "upscale swank diner".  When I look at the menu... I think "coney" (full menu coney - not just the dog).  Put that together and you possibly get "upscale swank coney".  I'm not sure if this is the best way to describe it, but it works for me when I have to describe it to the uninitiated.My mission is to traverse the Benedict Variations.  I've been through four of them and have been mostly satisfied with them all.  The Traditional seemed to be an appropriate place to start.  The hollandaise was perfectly set and stayed in place on the eggs and never broke all while presenting the perfect creamy mouthfeel and slightly tart and buttery decadent flavor that a hollandaise should be.  The Voodoo was my second one and is my favorite so far.  The chorizo was a perfect replacement for canadian bacon, the ranchero sauce for hollandaise, and the corncake for the english muffin.  It all came together perfectly.  The Southern was my least favorite so far.  The biscuit was too dense and the sausage gravy was a bit thin and lacked the peppery flavor that I was hoping to get.  Finally the Pulled Pork is a good selection with nice and moist meat with hoisin sauce that rounded things out.  I think the hoisin might make it a bit too sweet for my tastes, but it was good none the less.  I have a couple more to try, but these are the ones that feature vegetables and if you haven't gathered by now, my sensibilities are bit on the carnivorous side of things.The last thing to mention is their Corned Beef Hash.  I can almost never find it on their menu because I am always looking for "Corned" as the first word until I remember that it is listed as "House Made Corned Beef Hash".  "House made" is true but doesn't do this dish justice.  "House made as if in the care of your favorite grandmother who's pouring all of her life's love into this one dish" is a better prefix.  It sounds gluttonous for sure, but I can't survive a trip to the Hudson Cafe without a side.  The corned beef is always fresh and it gets prepared with just enough crisping to provide the ultimate counterpoint of crisp and moist at the same time.So as far as my mission goes, I will carry on. I will be victorious. I will wave the flag of the Hudson Cafe for all to see as a righteous establishment building its roots in a new Detroit. Who's going to join me?
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,3/5/2012,74,91,4,5,5>Whether you're looking for something fast and healthy to grab on a weeknight or a place to have a cozy but not-too-over-the-top date night, Anitas is IT.This place couldn't get anymore adorable. It oozes ambiance and has  delightful outdoor seating with twinkling lights in the summer.The beer and wine list is more than adequate. I have tried many menu items and I have yet to be disappointed. The pita sandwiches are all delicious, not to mention cheap at around $5. All of the soups are great. The chicken feta fatoush is outta this world. My favorite special is the eggplant lasagna- in true Anita's fashion, the flavors are traditional, and yet it's like nothing I have ever tasted!I always leave this place with a feeling of satisfaction and a bag full of leftovers for lunch tomorrow. You say Anitas, I say YUM!
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2011,3/4/2012,128,207,3,9,5>I went to UM and never knew this place existed. A year after graduation imagine my surprise when during a recent and much-needed trip to Raja Rani's lunch buffet I passed a Greek revival house from the 1850s and noticed it was a museum! Curious, my friends and I walked up to the door and saw a sign saying it was open. We knocked on the door and were met with a tour guide who proceeded to give us a private tour of the former UM music professor's house. The Kempfs were a German-American family living in Ann Arbor in the late 1800s (the house was built in 1853). The museum has many original artifacts and the tour guides explained about life in Ann Arbor in the late 1800s and early 1900s (no electricity at first!) One of the items I found really interesting was the baby grand piano in one of the rooms, which the guide explained to be the only piano UM owned at the time. Meaning if the university wanted it for a function they had to take off the legs, move it to the required location, put the legs back on and re-tune, and do the same after the event!The house is not terribly big and the tour was maybe half an hour, but the tour-givers were really great, very nice and enthusiastic and willing to answer all of our questions. I thought it was super-interesting since I love history stuff, and loved learning more about my beloved Ann Arbor before it was the town we know today. If you have some time, I definitely recommend stopping by for a tour! By the way, tours are free but of course they accept donations.
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,3/3/2012,69,416,4,11,7>I saw a review (that I didn't agree with) today on the Stage Deli and it made me think; "Gee I wonder what I wrote in my review of The Stage?"  So I checked.  It turns out that even though we go here all the time, I have never actually written a review of the Stage.  So here goes.We eat at and take out from the Stage often and we have been Stage customers for decades.  The Stage offers a level of food quality, diversity of product and service that is just not readily available elsewhere.  Sure there are other delis around.  But there aren't any others that offer what The Stage offers.  And there are a few delis that have one item that might be a smidge better than the Stage version (the Reuben at Steve's Deli for example), but on balance I find The Stage to be the go-to place for a good and enjoyable meal.Yes I agree with some that criticize The Stage for slightly higher than necessary prices.  And Yes, I agree that the shmaltzy decor and servers in black tie are totally unnecessary.  And Yes, the aging clientele tends to make me think of southern Florida.  But I can tune that out as soon as the bowl of pickles and pickled tomatoes comes to the table and the fresh and warm crusty rye bread is served. I grin when I see that they have both yellow and the much more appreciated spicy brown mustard on the table.  I smile and order whatever looks good on the menu and get my diet Dr. Browns soda and know that when the food arrives it will be good.  And it always is.Some notable menu items that I have enjoyed include any sandwich with Corned Beef or Pastrami, the pan fried or deep fried chicken livers with onions, the roast half chicken dinners that are served different ways from day to day, omelets with salami and other nice deli inclusions, matzoh ball soup, and the smoked fish platters.  The sides are good too and they include all the usual stuff, but you also can find good stuff like kishka.  My daughters like the latkes.As mentioned, there are always daily specials offered and some of these are things that are surprising to find at a Deli.Cheap?  NO.  Understated? NO.  Yum?  You bet.
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,3/2/2012,107,357,8,8,6>This is a 5 star dive bar.I decided to lay low for my bachelorette party instead of doing the whole club thing. When it came to picking a bar, I wanted one that had three things: awesome atmosphere/crowd, cheap drinks and karaoke. Speed Boat delivered on all three!I don't really know what made me do it, but I called Speed Boat to make reservations for 10. Who makes reservations at a dive bar? Apparently me. And it's a good thing I did. Our group began to trickle in around 7:30. They had some great drink specials that we all took advantage of, such as $3 mixed drinks in 16 oz. glasses. Schwing, let the fun begin!Plenty of us ordered food, which came out in a timely manner. I asked for my burger medium, but it was cooked to well. Even so, it was very delicious. They serve shoestring fries, which are my absolute favorite! As bags full of penis-shaped goodies started pouring in, so did Speed Boat's regular patrons. Each of them scanned the bar, looking for a place to sit and realized there weren't any open tables. They kept eying our section adorned with "Reserved" tags... Man, I'm so glad I called and made a reservation!The karaoke began around 9 p.m. It's obvious this is a huge draw to Speed Boat, hence the large turnout. There wasn't an empty seat in the whole place. This isn't your run-of-the-mill karaoke joint, either. These are middle-aged dive bar regulars who come here to show off their talent. I was sincerely impressed by some of the people who got up to sing! There was no douche-baggery to be found... that is, until my table started singing...Some of my favorites we sang were "I Touch Myself", "Shook Me All Night Long", "Do Ya Think I'm Sexy", "Sweet Caroline" and "Single Ladies". We rocked it! My throat still hurts from singing so loud. The waitress did an adequate job of taking care of our table, even after the entire party of 11 was there. Shots and drinks came out a little slower as everyone showed up, but there was only one bartender so I'm not really complaining about our server. She was really friendly, which is always welcomed. Somehow during the night I got a lapdance by a 42-year-old woman, who just kept telling me how young and sweet I was. Then I received a serenade by a drunk gentleman wearing neon green light-up glasses. And at some point, I sat on some guy's lap for a photo op. I somehow feel like none of this would have happened had I chose a different bar!By the end of the night, I was so tipsy I couldn't walk in a straight line. Bachelorette Party Mission: Complete.I'd like to thank Speed Boat for their awesome service, great food, reasonable prices and entertaining karaoke.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,2/29/2012,263,468,,12,9>You really get a unique experience when you come here.  It is only 10 dollars but they DO NOT take credit card.  They do one play per month and perform on Saturdays.  They ask you to make a reservation by calling a head.  This is great for kids, but also for grownups.  I have no children and loved every minute.  You can view their schedule online on their web page...they also have a fb page.  I was lucky enough to see sleeping beauty....it was super cool.  It was with no words, but only great music.  Kids followed along just fine.  The sets were so cool.  They put their own spin on sleeping beauty....they felt that the price who sucessfully woke sleeping beauty was successful, because his father taught him with puppets.  The puppeteers are from Russia and taught there...they talk to the audience before and after...and even offer a workshop on puppets.  They do sell a few snacks and has a restroom....Get there early so you can look at the puppet museum.  I cannot wait to go back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Puppets are amazing....Mr. Roger's, Seasme Street, and don't forget the Vann Trapp family in the Sound of Music.  Please go for something really unqiue to do!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,2/28/2012,833,231,3,7,4>Over the past weekend I came to the realization that a lot of Asian Restaurants in and around Detroit close waaaay too early. Ended up selecting Thuy Trang because the doors stay open until 10:30 on Saturday night. It was really busy once we arrived and the owner was doing everything solo except cooking. After a bit of a wait we had 100% of his attention and he kindly led us through the menu. I was feeling a bit adventurous & wanted some heat so he recommended the Bun Bo Hue. We cracked jokes & traded stories about trying to eat around Argyle (in Chicago) on Sundays and people's bad gambling habits while waiting for our order to come up. The Bun Bo Hue is one of the best noodle bowls I have ever had, just so much going on within the broth.All in all one of my best dining experiences in the D so far, you've gotta check this place out!
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,2/27/2012,196,355,6,12,14>Happy Hour... happy! Happy!  HAPPY!OMG, I cannot say enough good things about Roast's Happy Hour. 3 dollar drafts, 4 dollar wine du jour, 5 dollar spirit du jour.  And what tops that are the three dollar "bites".  Keep this in mind: 2 "bites" = delicious dinner.So. hubby had the Roast burger and mac & cheese. He loved both.  Daughter had mac & cheese; she also thought it was good, but that the cheese should be sharperl. I had the Roast burger and rosemary fries. I also loved them.  The burger is to die for.  Or, as hubby quipped, to kill for!  5 oz of prime ground beef, cheddar cheese, a fried egg, bacon, all on an English muffin.  This alone is worth the trip.My undying gratitude to my co-worker, Ben, who suggested this is where we should go.  He couldn't have been more right!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2011,2/26/2012,39,71,3,13,3>Opened my email to find an invite to a Yelp event at Sky Bar, and while I still may attend that, I got excited to try a new bar and invited a friend to go last night (same day I read the email invite).Sky Bar was easy to find location wise, but there's a big sign that says "Sky Bar" with a closed door underneath. Deceiving. You have to go through the lobby doors to the back. I guess it depends on which way you're coming from, but still...Smaller bar, but I only saw the main level and I guess there's a basement that is more "loungey." Went during happy hour (4-7) and ordered some of their tapas style appetizers (shrimp, artichoke dip, fries). Food was pretty good and not pricey at all. Their drink menu is a few pages long of different types of martinis. My only gripe with their menu is that it consisted of mostly vodka based cocktails. I only saw one or two gin based drinks and a few margarita style tequila based drinks. Everything else was vodka. For a non-vodka fan, that isn't very appealing.I did, however, order their vodka cocktails, including a whipped cream based drink that I would give an A and a chambord vodka flavored cocktail that I'd give a B.After a few cocktails, the strobe lights that keep roving over people's faces become a little bit distracting. Every time my friend was talking, I would see a green dot flying around her face. Still, it's a nice atmosphere. I'll definitely frequent Sky Bar since it's close to my work and has a nice happy hour offering.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2012,2/24/2012,148,349,5,6,4>You know, I have driven past Thomas' oomphtienth times, but never once did it occur to me to stop in. Perhaps its the unassuming building, or the sign that states "catering", but nothing ever screamed "come eat here", to me. Now I go through phases where you practically need a stick to keep me away from here.Thanks to our accountant (we left the Big Lunch Decision up to him), Erin and I had a chance to check out this quiet little senior citizen hotspot. Im not gonna lie, walking in the door I was quickly wondering if complimentary Bingo cards came with your meal.My skepticism quickly faded once I got a glimpse of the menu. Alot of items actually sounded good. But they surely had to be underseasoned, right? WRONG.I have tried a ton of different things off the menu, and overall we liked the majority of them! They serve delicious, fresh soups (try the yummy, albeit messy French Onion), cold, crisp and absurdly fresh salads with a killer ranch, and a large variety of sandwiches and entreesSome winners are the broasted chicken (come to mama you moist little birdie!), polish fare, tuna salad sandwich (not your typical boring 'ole tuna, think capers!),  and baked sghetti. They have great specials as well, if you sign up for their newsletter you will receive a free meal on your birthday and weekly specialsMy absolute favorite meal I have ever had here was a special, and I really, really wish they would put it on the regular menu. HI Thomas' management, Im talking to you! At one point they had a pulled turkey with cranberry mayo sandwich on offer, with a side of sweet potato fries. Erin kinda curled his nose at it upon ordering, which was good 'cause, well, more for me! Holy deconstructed-Thanksgiving-meal-between-two-­pieces-of-bread Heaven! Unfortunately we did experience two misses, both had the same issue: mushyness. The meatloaf has got great spices and seasoning, but the meat seems overworked and the consistency is off. I have experienced the similar issue with the turkey burger.Overall we find the service friendly and fast, and the value of the food served, great! They do have a liquor license, and appear to have a pretty alright selection of wine and specialty drinks. However, I cannot resist making fun of the slices of bread that are packed in little baggies. They kinda crack me up!All things considered, we really like this place. Go on, give it a try! The cutesie old folk wont bite, I promise!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,2/23/2012,386,172,5,8,7>Oh MY goodness! I just cannot believe I haven't written about my "cute little" coffee "HOUSE" (did I mention that it's really inside of an old home in town?)in lovely downtown Plymouth, Michigan yet!!  We Plymouth and "Canton-ites" call this place "The Bean". It's been here for years and years! About 16 years ago, I started coming to this spot just to enjoy reading, doing homework, having some "alone time" and just enjoying the beautiful outdoors while drinking an Italian soda and watching the people go by outside!  Inside of "The Bean", is a Country "attic" type of atmosphere! There are several rooms and different people in each different room. Sometimes there may be a musician playing guitar and (making an attempt) trying to sing along! Or he/she maybe really very talented and you'll want to sit for quite a long time! The art is sometimes a bit too "Picassa" for me...not authentic of course, but authentic people around town that are talented enough to get their artwork on the wall! Just because some of it isn't my "cuppa tea", doesn't mean anything, because I have no sense of talent when it comes to art anyways! LOL...  So...I wanted to let you know that the barrista's here are always really cool, friendly and exceptionally well trained at wanting to please you!  They will make whatever they can and whatever they may have the ingredients to make! They have an array of great lunches, homemade soups and sometimes crepes,especially on weekend mornings!  The coffee here is a bit bitter for my taste but if you put a ton of cream and sugar in it, you got it made! One great cuppa Java in a really cool downtown Plymouth, MI place with a great reputation!    Another thing I must tell you is that I got engaged here on or about June of 1996! Yes, my husband of 15 years (on Valentines day 2-14-2012),  brought my 2 daughters (then ages 6 and 8 1/2 yrs) and me to this little great and bright coffee spot. He sat us all down on one of the soft little couches and the girls were in on "it" and giggling all the while! He got down on one knee and "popped the question"!!! Of course as you can tell, I said "YES" and here we are now almost 15 years later; still going strong and very much in Love! OK you can all say it 'AWWWWWWW"....    Well, you just have to try this little coffee spot and more! You can even play a great game of chess and have an Italian soda with your choice of flavor! You can read, bring your own board game, Jenga or you can choose from the array of very old and beat of copies of these games that they have available to play! Enjoy!!
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,2/22/2012,94,292,6,14,8>This is the diamond in the rough. Jamaica Jamaica is truly the real deal between the man behind the counter or the food you can experiment with. Other reviewers have mentioned the bulletproof glass and not a great neighborhood.  Get past all that and go. If you're a real foodie, you'll know why once you start eating.We walked in and started chatting with the fellow about different dishes. He gave us some fried dumplings while we were looking at the menu and said to enjoy while you decide. Seriously, I love fried food, but this little fried dough ball, it makes you weak in the knees. He was a good marketer because while eating that, I could have said, give me everything on the menu if it's as good as this.So we started with the dumplings, which are flour, butter, and honey rolled and deep fried. At first the honey doesn't come through, but then you get this wave of sweetness that really makes it a spectacular little dumpling.On to some main courses, we started with the curry goat. I think it may be my first time having goat and it was just like eating beef. It was extremely tender and fell apart when you were eating it. The curry sauce was also wonderfully thick and extremely aromatic and flavorful. Each entree comes with a fried dumpling, plantains, rice and beans. Of course the fried plantains were so perfectly oily and sweet, just fantastic.Course two, oxtail. This is my first as well and as I can't say there is a ton of meat on it, you get the meat on the bone, and it just doesn't fall off the bone being so tender, it almost melts in your mouth. It does have a slightly meatier taste than the goat, but still very very good.Last entree, the jerk chicken. Now we're really talking. Pow, the smell hits you and you dive in. This is the dish right here that I've been waiting for. It's also extremely tender and the flavor just isn't on the skin where the spices are, it's through the meat so you know it's been marinated in it for some time. It will leave this wonderful flavor that really makes you say that it was the best dish.With all these dishes, we also had the traditional bread, roti, with it. Use the roti with your hands to scoop up any rice and beans, curry sauce, anything. The roti by itself really doesn't have a whole lot of flavor, but it is two small layers of a corn-like tortilla with spices in the middle of it.  You can almost separate it to see it if you want.Lastly, do not leave this place with out trying some of their juices. They are hand made in the morning and we started with the mango, then onto ginger beer, and lastly punch back. The mango was out of this world. The perfect mango flavor with still small bits of mangos in it. Definitely not from any kind of concentrate. If you don't like ginger ale, stay away from the ginger beer.  It's really strong in ginger flavor, not alcoholic. Actually, it doesn't have any alcohol in it. It does almost have some kind of carbonation, I felt the tingle, but not exactly sure. None of us liked that one very much. For the last drink, we tried the punch back which is peanuts, raisins, and other things he didn't tell us. It was like an eggnog consistency, but not much of the same flavor. It was very good though and I recommend trying that one too.Enjoy!
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2011,2/21/2012,229,201,6,7,8>ohhh my goodness, i was super excited to walk into 12 Oaks Mall just the other day to find they have a Shaved Ice place 2nd floor by Lord and Taylor. i love shaved ice and they make them really goooood. so i guess this place just opened about a month ago, the place is small with a tiny sit down area with maybe 4 bar stools. but u don't need to sit anyways so no biggie. they had so many flavors and combos i can't even tell u them all and it didn't even matter to me cuz it was cherry i wanted. so cherry i got but before they made mine they told me that the cherry flavor was colorless but tastes like cherry and so did i still want it. i didn't care and it did still taste like cherry anyways. i almost wonder if they made this one for those messy kids, good call if so. so i got a small and the 2 others that were with me got a small. strange thing happened, mine was the colorless one and they had a strawberry and a grape that had color. well driving home and about 30mins away from the mall now mine is still hasn't melted and they other 2 they at this point needed a straw...strange huh. and if u never had a shaved ice it between a snowcone and a slush, they shave a large block of ice and they u pick a flavor or flavors to but ontop and enjoy with a spoon. i'll be back and so should you
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2011,2/20/2012,259,404,6,10,9>Best thing I've done in Detroit in a long time. Teams are awesome competitors. I watched the D-Funk Allstars take out the reigning champions The Detroit Pistoffs in an incredible nail-biter that was settled only in the final few seconds. There's beer! hotdogs and nachos! Hula-hooping halftime (for kids and adults alike)! Local band performance at halftime too!  And tons of cheering. We almost started a wave! It's also the most eclectic crowd of Detroiters I've ever experienced. Everyone's here, doing it.Doors open an hour before the match begins... get there early to score a good seat. There's no bad seat exactly, but, it's a little more intense if you can get yourself in the front row, where all the action is!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,2/19/2012,215,177,5,9,10>So, the other day I was time-warping in the wine section... (not jumping to the left and stepping to the right; time literally CEASED as I gazed upon the vast selection of bottles with unusual names and enthralling pictures on the labels)...then the sommelier approached me and with his presence, normal time resumed.  As we conversed, I realized why the wine section stopped me in my tracks. He's a friendly fellow who knows his vino and is excited about sharing his knowledge with others. The section is packed with obscure, small production wines from small vineyards. The caveat? You can procure a spectacular bottle of vino here for less than $40.  You can also find a pretty damn good wine for under $20. I couldn't leave the store without buying one (even though I already had 4-5 bottles at home). 'Exile in Grapeville' aside,  the produce section here is consistently amazing. The oranges they use for their juice are always sweet and tangy. Lots of locally made sweet and salty snacks and baked goods to tempt you on your way out the door.  I keep finding more and more to love about this market.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2012,2/18/2012,297,101,7,14,6>I got woken up on Saturday morning to the sound of pounding on my bedroom door and my roommate saying, "There's poop on the basement floor".It was a multi-point failure: Our drain backed up, sending poop and wads of dissolved toilet paper into our basement. Our sump pump couldn't handle the effluent and it burned itself out.I was elbow-deep in other people's crap, pulling handfuls of used toilet paper out of a sump pump filter, when I finally realized I was in over my head.... Errr, maybe that's not the best choice of words.Five showers and a Yelp search later, I found Nelson Bros.Saturday afternoon, short notice: They sent a guy out within two hours. Friendly but all business, this guy comes in with his industrial gear and gets us sorted out in short order, and he did it so fast that we only incurred the minimum charge for a road trip: $195.The drain cleaning comes with a 30 day warranty.The only thing they could have done better was if they had cleaned up the poop and toilet paper and bleached our basement floor for us :p
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,2/17/2012,81,147,4,6,6>What I like most about Hepburn's is that it isn't trying to be something that it isn't.  They have super savory ingredients, but they do not overload their crepes with too many.  For example, the Bergman with ham, onion, gorgonzola, and balsamic; it is rich without being too heavy.  Or the Doris with lemon, butter, and powdered sugar.  Hepburn's owner does a wonderful job of walking that fine line between savory and overwhelming.  In addition, they maintain what a crepe is-yummy ingredients in a lightly folded crepe.  They do not heap in so much food your crepe ends up looking like an enormous chipotle burrito!  Try this little café out, it is a cute location with yummy food.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2011,2/16/2012,70,153,12,13,11>Driving down Gratiot all gloaty with two fresh bags o' thrift scores sittin' pretty next to me, I happened to glance to the side and saw...nah, couldn't be.  I went around the block and sure enough-a sign saying "Thai Food" and "Pho".  HMM!!!   Tucked back into a very nondescript little strip mall in an area most known for its Hooters, the front of the place calls to mind a disused party store.  Well, I thought, I'll just breeze in, grab a menu and scram if it's too nasty.Expecting a little carry-out joint, I was pleased to instead find myself standing in a full dining room.  Looking around, I tried not to grin. The decor is PURE old-school 1970's.   I'm a 70's wood paneling aficionado and this 'chere is the real deal!  This, along with loud carpeting, faux foliage, black vinyl booths and Asian-themed tiles set into the drop ceiling, made me feel giddy.  My server said they'd been there 6 years, but I bet they bought up an old Chinese place.   You expect to see Burt & Loni stroll in.  Fabulous!The servers are sweet and attentive, though on Sundays the service can sometimes be a bit slower if large parties are present.   There's a multitude of blended bubble drinks (I get them sans bubbles) on the menu including taro, coconut, watermelon, honeydew, and durian!   I asked a waitress which one to try between taro and durian and she scrunched up her face and said "Some people don't like the durian-smells bad!"  Hmm!  I got the taro and it is delicious, but was still curious to try the much maligned-durian.  This scapegoat of the fruit world has a smell that's been described as rotten onions, turpentine, and gym socks, and can be smelled from some distance away.  It's actually banned from many public places in Southeast Asia due to its stench! I had to try it.  I'd say the smell and taste is somewhere between open sewer and Nair, but with a hint of sweetness.  Yup-I'm a taro girl from now on-it tastes like liquified Christmas cookies!   The rest of the food has been delicious and the ingredients very fresh, though the meatballs in the boyfriend's pho were kinda gristly.  I enjoy the garlic eggplant, the green curry, the lime leaf dish, the peanut curry, vegetable curry tofu, and the $1.95 tofu tod!  Portions are HUGE-a great value for the dough.  I was swishing the stinky durian drink around in my mouth, trying to place its familiar funk, when a good friend's ex walked in.   I gave him a quick hug and noticed him shrink back a bit!  As if in slo-mo, I imagined tendrils of my tainted breath snaking toward his nose as we went to hug, treating him to the durian's unique and foul aromatic caress.  Blue Star is a charming neighborhood place I'll hit when in the area.  The durian is a fruit I'd now only hit with my car, but I love that they give us unusual choices!
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2011,2/15/2012,252,310,3,8,8>When a cozy, quirky little joint like this has around 200 reviews, then you know it's a popular spot. My review may be another pebble in the pond, but I'll write it anyway. This is one of Ferndale's cost-concious, quirky places to enjoy mostly brunch-style food, with a healthy handful of other items. Most dishes have a unique twist to them. For example, I got a "Red Flannel Hash." It was an herbed hash brown, beets, onion, and tender beef brisket dish with 2 eggs cooked how I like them. It was an interesting dish - not a huge portion (don't expect leftovers unless you are a small eater), but just portioned enough to satiate my hungover brunch craving. I am not sure that I liked the herbed flavor to the potatoes. I dunno if it was thyme, rosemary, or basil - but it seems to be an herb they add to all the hashed brown, brunch style meals - a unique taste, but probably not something I could get used to. I like to keep my brunches generally herb-free (except in the case of Grandma's magical brownies) Just kidding. My fiance got the quasi-acclaimed mac and cheese dish. We wondered whether it would eat like a meal or not. I was concerned it would be a rich, heavy over sized side dish of mac & cheese, but au contraire - this mac & cheese ate like a unique spin on alfredo style sauce. It was plenty saucy enough to taste like a hybrid pasta-mac meal. The cheese sauce is nearly guaranteed to taste more unique and different than any other cheese sauce you've ever had before (the caramelized onions and herbs add nicely to this effect). Even the untrained palate can detect the cheddar, blue cheese and smokiness of gouda in the cheese sauce. This was not a mac & cheese for the purist, but was a pleasingly saucy twist on a classic. Yum. Raja Rishi S., the phantom Yelper and honorary king of Breakfast Capital was with us and scooped some mac & cheese up gleefully to claim the King's Tax. Alas, Runey P., governor of Gay Capital, MI would be so jealous. He was fast asleep and under the weather in his humble abode, just a hop and twirl off his balcony and 8 skips away. His fairer skinned better half, Alycia C. did however represent him by gracing us with her presence. And might I add, her delicious, thick & crispy peppered bacon had "eat me" written all over it!Fair warning, it's a small, cozy diner and during brunch hours it is common for a small line to form at the door. It can take up to 10-20 mins. or more to be seated when they are busy. This is common of many Ferndale brunch spots anyway. Lastly, I must warn you that it was somewhat hot inside, not unbearably so, but it seemed to me they were running fans when A/C was called for.Google this place and check the menu out, there's something for everyone, and it is very vegetarian friendly. I recommend this place for the brunch lover! Yet another gem that gives it the name of Breakfast Capital of Michigan.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2011,2/14/2012,181,189,5,10,12>Warning: More then 2 slices might hurt you!This is considered Detroit Style Pizza.  Buddy's, Shield's, and Loui's are very similar in taste, style and look.  If i Had to choose from those 3, I would pick Loui's.  I can eat a lot and I ate one and half slices of pizza.  This pizza is heavy and dense... very good flavor, lots of cheese, good dough.Don't look for toppings like newer pizza places might have like chicken and bbq sauce. it's normal toppings like pepperoni, ham, onions, etc.We also got the antipasto salad and the small size was enough to share for 2 people. It was good salad. Unlike Buddy's antipasto where it's mostly cheese and salami, this salad actually had lettuce along with salami and cheese.Inside is old school. Nothing fancy or modern. Even waiting for seating is old style. They don't take your name down, your group waits in line in the lobby until you get seated. Went there on a Friday night and it was packed! Looks like a popular and busy place. It makes sense because the food is excellent.Service wasn't the greatest and lacked attention but it was really busy so I understand.If you like Pizza (and who doesn't), get Loui's for best of Detroit Style!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,2/13/2012,16,90,7,8,5>Most successful remodel in the history of the world . . . Detroit . . . or at least Campus Martius Park.  This place used to be a little lunch restaurant, open from maybe 10am to 4pm, that served sandwiches, salads, coffee and other middle-of-the-road lunch fare.  And that exhibited an almost fanatical over-reliance on Miracle Whip (p.s.-- not a miracle).  While it opened on Saturdays (I think), it was usually closed during special events, and was always closed at night.Fast forward a few months and we're living in a whole new world.  First change: LIQUOR LICENSE!  Followed closely by actual liquor.  New layout, waiter service, a lively bar, and tons of outdoor seating.  And with that, new hours-- now open until about midnight most nights of the week.  And finally, far less mayonnaise.  On everything (and only a slight mayo exorcism/remodel surcharge.  Prices are still very reasonable).So far, so great.  Next step:  maybe DDT the mosquito nest that is the fountain at night?  Either way,  the Bistro will definitely be on my "after work drink spot" list for the rest of the summer.
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,2/12/2012,76,258,8,8,6>A group of us decided to try out Supino's on Friday after I begged and begged - I finally won!  Pulled up around 8pm and was pleasantly surprised!  Set on Russell Street with a nice view of the Detroit skyline and free parking, Supino's looked like a hidden gem before we even walked in.For some reason it didn't look like I had imagined it on the inside - I had imagined a very small, dark restaurant with checkered tablecloths and bottles of wine everwhere - nope!  Not like that at all!  It's pretty bright, the menus are straight to the point (which I appreciate) and you place your order at the counter.We ended up sitting on a picnic bench outside on the sidewalk since we had 6 people.  The bf and I got the San Gennaro pizza (motz, sausage, peppers, and onions) and my brother and his wife got a regular pepperoni and cheese pizza with mushrooms.  We only waited for about 15 minutes before our pies came out and they were HUGE!!  For $16 I was totally impressed.Now...these pizzas...are amazing.  Wow.  The thin crust is crispy yet somehow still chewy.  The toppings were plentiful (but there wasn't TOO much cheese, which I really like - I HATE a pizza that is 99% cheese and 1% other toppings), and it was really just amazing.  I'm not sure if any of us actually spoke while we were eating it was so good!  My brother actually claimed that this was the "Best pizza in Michigan!"  Which is a huge compliment coming from him because he is PICKY!However, he ended up taking away that title after we tried the cannoli.  Now, I thought the cannoli tasted just fine - I mean, cheese and chocolate in a cannoli shell?  That's hard to mess up.  And I don't think they did, but my brother claims that his shell was burned and so he said he wasn't that impressed with Supino's anymore.  But my brother is an idiot sometimes so 5 stars for Supino's!!
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2011,2/11/2012,172,189,4,12,7>On a saturday journey to the Ferndale library...I arrived a half hour before it actually was scheduled to open.  I remembered driving by Rust Belt the week prior and wondering about it so I walked across the street to check it out.  I love this place on so many levels.  First off, it has an excellent selection of stuff.  All kinds of stuff.  The kind of stuff that you can purchase for the person who has everything.   Everything from cool and quirky antiques, to diy shirts, photography, crafts and vintage furniture.  I came across a set of awesome Steel Case furniture there.  And my modernist heart skipped a beat.  Also, they have a pie vendor and a lemonade vendor.  What else could you want?   I'm going to bring family and friends to this place when they visit fer sher.  Oh, cash is king there.  So bring a wad of it.
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,2/10/2012,794,350,6,8,6>Wiener Wars Part1. So the great debate has been going on for years. Who has the best coney in Detroit? I have spent my whole life in the Detroit area, I even went to trade school in Detroit, a five minute walk from THE coney places. But this was my first trip into the sacred hallows of the Coney Wars. My first venture was in American because I liked the appearance. I love the ol' red, white, and blue. Now the actual taste test. I am rating these based on my slider school training. Lesson One - Smell I could smell these wieners from outside my car door, window rolled down. Unfortunately I couldn't tell which one I was smelling, American or Lafayette. I'll give this one a five star simply because I will give them both the same. Lesson Two - Preparation No waiting here. the meal came fast, thrown on my table with a little slide so that I had to catch them before falling. two dogs, smothered in chili. Lesson Three - Meal Two coneys with everything, fries, and a Sprite. Almost did the beer but I figured my stomach would be brewing at the ballgame all night anyway.The coneys were smothered in the traditional Detroit style coney chili, the fries were nothing fancy but good and hot. The coneys had really good onioins diced small and sweet, perfect. Needed a little more mustard for which I added. Throw some mustard on the fries and this was a great meal.Lesson Four - Atmosphere I enjoyed the views of the hustle and bustle of Detroit just before a baseball game. The staff was fast and friendly. Get 'em in get 'em out. NEXT. I felt that we were sort of "pushed" out faster than I wanted to be.Wiener Wars Part 1 - American Coney Island - Four and a half Stars
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,2/9/2012,203,109,18,15,15>I found out I was "different" in 5th grade. To prove some point, my 5th grade teacher asked who in the class didn't like pizza. My hand shot up. My lone hand. I was the point proven. The abnormality in the class. As if life isn't hard enough for a shy 5th grader, ostracize her from the class! Yes, ostracize. I was banished, as far as the "cool" kids were concerned. Who cares if you wear jelly shoes, if you don't like pizza, you're out! It had somehow escaped my attention that everyone loves pizza. At birthday parties, I would take a slice of the ever present birthday pizza, but it would remain on my plate. I'd fill up on chips and vegetables (nothing like pizza to make a kid eat her veggies). Who wants to eat greasy cheese on shitty bread with gross pepperonis. No thanks.I would hate pizza for 23 years. Then I realized the chain pizza I was eating is the disfigured step child of real pizza. So at this point you may be wondering what makes me a good judge of pizza? Why don't you just shut up. I am a good judge of everything. :p (I put that face in there so you won't think I'm an asshole, but really, I am)To the point! Tivoli's is amazing pizza. Wood brick oven = perfect crust. Thin and crispy but not delicate. They've got the sauce down. Fresh mozzarella is a must for me. Globs of it all over my pizza, please. Real pepperonis, none of that pepperoni-sausage junk. Fresh, fresh, fresh ingredients! I make noises when I eat this pizza. I'm not joking. I seen a man staring at me once while I was swooning over my pie, with an expression I hope never to see on a middle-aged man again. Maybe it's best to eat this pizza in the privacy of my own home, but they've got a really nice set-up here. Take a look at my quality iPhone pictures. It's nice.  Okay, for the "useful" part of this review: the thin crust comes in small only, but it is the biggest small I've ever seen (if you're used to Neapolitan-style, it's normal). You can build your own ($9+), or choose from their many options ($12). They offer other types of crust, but I don't see the point in that. The menu includes appetizers, salads, and dessert. Everyone is friendly and efficient. There's carry-out but no delivery. So, yeah. It turns out I love pizza. Tivoli's pizza!
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,2/8/2012,267,274,11,12,8>A wonderful thing happened today.Well a wonderful thing for a frozen yogurt addict like myself. What is that wonderful thing you ask??? Well ... I was en route to an exciting afternoon of running errands when I saw in the distance something miraculous. I saw 4 wonderful lights blinking O-P-E-N. I think I actually squealed in delight as I swerved to make it into the parking lot. Bloomberry was FINALLY open!I have been stalking bloomberry ever since their sign was nailed up on the building months and months ago. Driving by...peeking inside...I watched their progress closely. (Wow. Just typing this out I am realizing I have major issues. All this over frozen yogurt?? Oh well...moving on).Bloomberry is a self serve yogurt establishment. They have about 8 yogurts for you to choose from. Off the top of my head I can remember: california tart, pomegranate, tart blueberry, chocolate and latte (I am sure there are more but I can't remember). I grabbed a cup and promptly began filling it with california tart and tart blueberry. ::wipes drop of drool from chin::Next up were the toppings. They had a TON of fresh fruit and dry toppings. Everything was VERY clean with a sneeze guard on the toppings bar and covers on everything. I was very impressed.I filled my yogurt to the brim and loaded on the fresh fruit toppings. I was a little nervous for it to be weighed as usually it can be pretty expensive. Much to my surprise my yogurt rang up at under $4! Bonus! So...how was the yogurt? Well...this yogurt snob was pretty damn happy. It had just the right tartness...just the right creaminess. I may just be on a yogurt high from all the excitement but I was VERY happy. In fact...I want some more now. Bloomberry also serves Great Lakes coffee so they get a star just for that awesomeness! This girl is VERY happy to (finally) welcome Bloomberry to the neighborhood. My pocketbook on the other hand...not as happy.
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,2/7/2012,58,160,5,6,5>I have to start out with what I ordered for dinner.  I ordered the Mostaccioli Casseruola with meatballs, and wow, it was (high pitched voice) awesome...  The meat was incredible, the sauce was perfect, it came in an individual baking dish, and had melted cheese over the top.  It was hot gooey tasty magic.  Was here for dinner with my son and we both really liked it.   The bread basket was very interesting.  I think the bread is baked then deep fried for just about 2 seconds in butter, i can't think of any way to get that buttery crisp over each and every piece that perfectly distributed.  I could  be wrong, but I'm very suspicious.  We had the bruschetta appetizer, which was loaded in very flavorful and fresh tomatoes, really nice and enough for four people as an appetizer.  My son ordered Chicken Scalloppini, and it was pretty good as well.   Only bad was the side of spaghetti that came with his dish, the meat sauce that was on it was way too sweet and a had a weird taste, as if it had some bad tap water in it or something, not really an easy taste to describe.   Everything else was fab so we just left that left alone.
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2011,2/6/2012,504,642,4,5,5>I lament that my pay cheque won't stretch far enough to wrap up Naka and leave a little bow on top. I have too little cash for all the treasures I covet, for myself and for my loved ones. Unfortunately for me, Naka is one of those rare boutiques which stocks many local, one of a kind, artistic items bursting with creativity and personality. The sparklies and shinies beg me to take them home with glistening pendants and shimmering gems. How can I choose just one!? Ferndale, you are a lucky, lucky community to have Naka at your heart. The selection is a changing smorgasbord highlighting the immense wealth of inspiring artisans and imaginative designers in the area. The staff must have a network second to none, save perhaps the DIA, in coming up with the unique pieces they find. I can't walk by twice without stopping in, finding something brand new or that I overlooked before. And I'm no jewelry fiend either, with entire arboretums to hang bracelets, rings, and many things off of. (I wish.) Elizabeth Taylor would have waltzed through in delight if she had the opportunity.Best of all, it's so wholly local and Michigan-friendly. I don't like kitschy stores that push tourist tack and knick-knacks off on consumers. Naka doesn't do that. They showcase artists and fine artisans, give great touches for the Mitten-based designs, and keep it clean, functional, and eminently beautiful. I've received a lot of compliments for the pieces I purchased; I know my family's going to be thrilled to have their little piece of the neighbourhood back home. I like knowing I'm supporting the local economy and shopping local. There are other gift items, just as carefully selected. I like the paper goods, and the changing, updated supply guarantees I won't be stuck with the same selection next season or whenever a birthday/wedding/anniversary/holiday rolls around. The whole fastidious shop never feels crowded, and the atmosphere never radiates exclusiveness and unfriendliness as some places do. It's a laid back, friendly, attentive place where you can probably find that perfect gift. I love Naka, and I love it being in Ferndale. Yay!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2012,2/5/2012,6,17,5,14,10>I completely agree with the reviewer who says, "let's be real clear here, people, about what Scotty Simpson's is and isn't." So let's be clear.Scotty's IS in a bad neighborhood. Yes, it's Detroit and yes it is a pretty bad area, Brightmoor. My grandparents and great aunts and uncles lived in this neighborhood when my parents, aunts, uncles and their cousins were just kids and my dad was raised here. So I know all about this neighborhood. It's not good. But I, having always went with my family, have never had any issues with the neighborhood. And we have gone at times ranging from afternoon to late evening and even been walking out in pure darkness. My family has been eating at Scotty's since they opened in 1950 and the majority of us love it. I have a cousin who thinks it's too greasy. My stepmom doesn't really care for fish. So, yeah, there are some people out there who just don't like it. But MAN am I glad I'm not one of those people!Scotty Simpson's Fish and Chips is JUST THAT. Fish and chips. You don't make the trek to Scotty's to get a burger or chicken. You go for the fish, the chips and the shrimp. (My grandpa also likes the frog legs but I haven't tried them.) You don't go for the baked or grilled fish either, which I'm sure is delectable though. (In fact, the current owner's son claims on Scotty's website that the grilled cajun fish is his favorite.) You don't go for health food. You go for the down home goodness of perfectly fried cod fillets. You go to Scotty's for the homemade fries and homemade coleslaw. You go for the kitsch. And you go to support this mom and pop restaurant who do fried fish right in Brightmoor, Detroit. Scotty's is real deal Detroit home-style food cooked by good people. And if you don't LIKE Detroit, then I guess you're not going to like our food either. More for those of us who just LOVE it!! :}Speaking on the decor of Scotty's; yes it is old. Yes, they have been open since 1950 and no, it doesn't look like they have changed a whole lot since then. I am not a pretentious snob so I adore the walls plastered with fish, notes, articles about Scotty's, pictures of the family and friends, the kitschy decorating scheme, old tables and chairs, and all the charm of the old jukebox that still takes quarters and the black and white letter-board menu hanging over the counter where most of the food is cooked. I think it speaks volumes of Scotty's that after 60 years, not only are they still open but they are true to their beginnings. There are several waitresses who have been there over 20 years and the restaurant has only had 3 owners since opening. So not only can Scotty's keep customers, they keep their employees too.You won't get handed a menu at Scotty's. There is a menu hanging over the cooking area and if you really do need to see a menu, they'll be happy to hand you one so feel free to ask. However, the true patron of Scotty's doesn't need a menu. ;) Order a soda to wash everything down. My family is large so we get a couple baskets of rolls that come with dinner. Some of the rolls have seeds on them and some don't. I choose one that doesn't, and it's lusciously bread-y and sink your teeth in delicious. I recommend saving the roll to eat WITH dinner, not before. There is something about bites of that buttered up roll in between the fish, fries and coleslaw that is just so right. Order the fish and shrimp combination. You get three pieces of flaky, beautiful cod fried to a perfect crispy golden brown, four or five (I can't remember offhand) luscious jumbo shrimp also fried to an unbelievably perfect crispy golden brown, homemade fries that taste amazing, and homemade coleslaw that has a sweet, tangy zip to it. You also get tartar, cocktail sauce and lemon. The tartar and cocktail containers are tiny so if you need more, do ask. They do charge like 10 cents or somewhere near there for extra. BUT the tartar is homemade and thick and flavorful. I don't know if the cocktail sauce is homemade but it IS some damn good cocktail sauce. Nothing on anyone's plate ever goes to waste when my family goes to Scotty's. If there's extra, someone will always eat it.I believe I did see a reviewer mention carry-out. Scotty's is not a carry out food. I've never gotten fish from anywhere that survived a drive home, no matter how short, and stayed crispy. You also do not get a roll, coleslaw or tartar when you carry-out at Scotty's. You only get the fish and chips, unless you ask for additional items, which you will be charged for.I love this restaurant. I love everything about it from the fact that it is in my dad's old neighborhood in Detroit, to the waitresses who still offer my little brothers sugar suckers, to the jukebox that has my grandpa's favorite song on it, to Harry (the owner) frying up our food behind the counter where we can see and speak to him, to the kitschy unchanged decor, to the delicious comfort food I grew up loving. I am and will remain a lifelong customer.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,2/4/2012,56,178,6,6,5>After reading a few other comments I guess I find myself in the minority. I suppose when I pop into a local Thai joint for a $10 dinner, I don't expect for my fried rice meal to be presented on a hand made plank with garnish cut into a swan with a razor blade. Did it taste good? Yes. I disagree with James B. on the heat factor of the Pad S'ewe. That is my fiance's go-to Thai dish and she also ordered medium heat and got the kick she was looking for. I sampled as well, and compared to Penn's (where we ate a few weeks ago) the kick was 10x better...review of Penn's to follow. We also ordered a spring roll each and I'm not sure how Janelle W. would proposed a single spring roll be served. They brought it out, it was hot, it was delicious, it was $1.50, the end. I'm not going think twice because it came on small plate with the standard pink sauce. Maybe they should charge more and waste lettuce or garnish. Maybe my expectations of Thai restaurants are much lower. Aren't most of them hole-in-the-wall types who focus on taste and cost rather than a 5 star dining experience? I realize I might not be making friends but I had a pleasant experience and thought the food tasted good, which to me is most important. I think I would go back to Ahan over Thai on Main or the place whose name escapes me on Washington St., that very small inside and devoid of any decor. Other comments about the meal...I went with a fried rice and mixed veggie plate with chicken. I thought the rice was great, the heat was hot as requested, and the veggies were nice a big. I hate getting baby corn that looks like a little yellow candy corn. Here the pieces were large and didn't include the sometimes off-putting pointy ends. We got another app which was pretty solid but I forget the name. I recently had Penn's on 14 and Crooks which was great, also 4 star (could have been 5 if not for some mistakes), but I think if I find myself already in downtown RO or don't feel like taking a longer drive, Ahan Thai might be a new venue in the RO rotation.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,2/3/2012,59,121,4,9,7>When you enjoy something or somewhere as much as I enjoy Smalls, it's hard to find the right words to describe it. My first time there was about 10 years ago to see my boyfriend-at-the-time play a show with his band. I was in love immediately. Seriously, this place has the perfect amount of space. Not too big, not too small. I also love the fact that there are three separate areas to hang out in, so if the band doesn't turn out to be your cup of tea, you can always mosey (stagger?) back to the bar area for another drink and you're able to hold a conversation (slur like a sailor?) because it's not too loud. This area also has a killer jukebox which I've spent many a dollar on because I decided I just HAD to hear that damn Johnny Cash/Social Distortion/whatever song for the bazillionth time. (No Ma, I ain't been drankin'!)The bathrooms? Kinda divey, but nothing so scary that you want to soak your hands in bleach after using them. My favorite is the graffiti in the ladies room. Always seems to be two psychobilly/rockabilly girls arguing over what band or group is a poser. Hysterical!Variety is the spice of life here, when it comes to live shows. I've seen straight-up dirty rock and roll bands, grimy gutter punk bands, greasey rockabilly bands who love singing "Whoa-oh-oh!" more than they love their leathers and pomade, stompy black-clad industrial bands wearing enough eyeliner to make Nikki Sixx blush, alt-country bands singing about how too much whiskey made their wives leave them, dancey european electronic and ebm bands with great visuals projected on screens, etc. The sound guy, Anthony, has got mixing bands down to an artform. My ears are never angry at me the next morning.The beer and liquor selection in pretty damn fine and beyond reasonably-priced. Do yourself a favor and try a drink with one of the Hard Luck Vodkas. The Red Fish shots are delicious (which can be dangerous), and The Root Beer Barrel vodka goes nicely topped with soda and a splash of coke. One of the owners, Mike, also makes an amazing margarita.This place is no stranger to a good cause, either. Mike and Natalie always seem to be getting involved with a ton of great benefit shows, which I think is pretty cool. (If you ever get a chance to sit down and have a drink and chat with them, I urge you to do so as these are two of the most genuine, funny and entertaining people I've ever met. )In closing? Don't go changing, Smalls. I love you just the way you are.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2012,2/2/2012,11,12,8,20,10>It's not often that I'm up at 6am on a Saturday eagerly writing about an experience from the evening before.  I've been rolling around this morning thinking about all the delights that Panache 447 has to offer and had to get this written down.We walked in and were floored by the decor.  It has an upscale NYC chic style; very swanky.  There's a larger than life feel that is accentuated by the higher than average backs on the booths, a sleek fireplace which is above eye level on the wall, and a cool mosaic behind the bar that gives that restaurant a great depth; very cool.  We were there on a Friday; one of their soft opening nights.  It didn't seem very soft, the place was packed with people who were probably just as eager as we were to try out a new option in Plymouth.  We were seated after a short wait in the upstairs lounge.  (An upstairs lounge in Plymouth!? Very nice addition).  Upstairs, there was another aesthetically pleasing bar and several loungy gathering areas with lower tables.  Also, there was a sound booth which could accommodate a DJ and music lightly bumping in the background.  I can see this lounge catching fire with the late 20 and mid 30 somethings who have graduated from the Royal Oak / Ferndale scene and maybe need to get home by midnight or 1 AM to their babysitters...or even stay a bit later some evenings ;)We ordered our drinks and my fiancee was very interested in the "cotton" martini.  I appreciated the healthy selection of Michigan beers on tap and enjoyed a Bell's two hearted throughout the night.  The cotton martini was exactly that, cotton candy in a martini glass.  The drink was poured over the cotton candy and it magically mixed itself into a drink, right at our table.  Needless to say, my fiancee absolutely love this.  She ordered the "Farmer's Market" appetizer and I groaned under my breath, since I normally don't care much for pork and she loves it.  It arrived on a well presented plate with a sleek line of some special sauce adorning the side (don't know why, but I love it when restaurants do this).  Begrudgingly, I forked a bite of the pork and smiled at my fiancee through my teeth.  Oh my, what was this?? It couldn't be. The other white meat that I tend to avoid was absolutely amazing!  I couldn't believe my buds; it was incredibly tender.  I'd never tasted pork so fantastic.  It was almost charred slightly on the outside, but in a good burnt tips type of way.  The inside was light and tender.  Instantly I was transformed to a pork lover.  My fiancee was so excited that she plans to make pork next week... (wa wa waaaa)For our entrees, I ordered the meatloaf cupcakes and she had the scallops.  Step over Mom's meatloaf; this buffalo / beef mix was great.  The meat was shaped in a cupcake and it was topped off with mashed potato shaped as frosting.  Great meal, and very well presented.  The scallops were succulent.  I usually eat off my fiancee's plate, but I may have taken more than my share this time, great taste.Already knowing that I would be writing a review of this place, we treated ourselves to dessert, just so that we could include it in the review [ love this about Yelp :-) ].  My fiance had the s'mores which were done to perfection.  The waitress told us that the cookies and mallows were all done in house.  This was topped off with... wait for it... bacon ice cream!  We both loved it.  I had the cookie bowl sundae.  This had a drizzle and some nuts on top (don't recall what they were, only that it was amazing).  The cookie was light and airy, which I appreciated since I was stuffed.  At this point we were just eating because it tasted so good!The place is priced for the quality that's offered.  They go above average on their ingredients.  I did appreciate that there are options for a less pricey evening including sushi, the small plates/appetizers, and they even have one of those all toppings included burgers with peanut butter as a option.  (have always heard that this is great and will definitely be back to try it out). Overall, we had an incredible evening at Panache 447.  This is a gem within Plymouth, and we can't way to go back to try many of their other interesting and delectable dishes.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,1/31/2012,376,267,3,9,5>Disclosure: This is going to be a sickeningly gushing review. May cause nausea. A sick bag is recommended while reading for your protection.CAN THERE BE ANYTHING BETTER? AHHH. Why aren't there more places like this in the world? WHY? Going in there, I was cynically looking for ONE thing that Zingerman's doesn't do astonishingly well and I was sadly disappointed that I could find NOTHING...I mean ZERO...to criticize. You mean I can't sit here and rip apart the Mac n Cheese for not being cooked to perfection? Nope. It was, in fact, it was so good my husband and I nearly spoon battled it out for the last bite! The sandwich, is unarguably one of THE BEST REUBENS I have EVER had. How about the Deli? Surely they have some mediocre meats and cheeses or a disgruntled staff with that crowd of Saturday morning tourists lining up around the block to have a bite? Nope! In fact, you'd think we just told the guy he won the lottery when we asked if he would help us pick out some meats and cheeses to take home. Our mission: to make our own custom pizzas on Sunday with fresh Zingerman's ingredients. The man stepped up to the challenge like a champion. A warrior even. We ended up with small but delicious portions of various cheeses and meats. Yeah, it's expensive. But some things in life you have to be willing to pay more for with good reason. The "good reason" I'm speaking of? Well good luck finding food of this quality anywhere else in Southeastern Michigan Burbs or thereabouts!!!People. Try this place. There's a whole slew of not just good but GREAT reasons to go to Zingermans. I drive 45 minutes JUST to eat here. It's THAT good. I'd drive even further. I might even fly back just for it. I said "might" ;-) .................
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,1/30/2012,37,68,2,7,6>Excellent AUTHENTIC Mexican food on the Eastside. Now I am not a Mexican food snob at all, I enjoy Taco Bell, Del Taco, and you can also check out my positive review for On The Border. That being said I do enjoy more authentic Mexican cuisine as well. This place is super close to my house but I never stopped in because when New York Deli Restaurant was in that building it was pretty gross. But today I was feeling a craving for some Mexican and basically the only options seemed to be Azteca or El Charo. Now I really do like El Charo but thought I'd turn to Yelp and read some reviews of Azteca and overall they were positive, and I trust my Yelpers not to steer me wrong.I ordered the carnitas base on Nicole T's review and they were very good. My wife got a combination with a tacos and rice and beans and my mom got some kind of queso's and both were pleased with their order. The chips and salsa were also good. The two types of salsa was cool. When we asked the young kid what the white salsa was he could o ly answer "blanco" because he seemed to barely speak English; again very authentic. Our Waiter was very nice and friendly and called us "amigos" a lot. I was the only one who opted for a drink and had the 25oz Dos Equis in a super frosted mug. It was ice cold and so refreshing. There was even a hint of slushing happening in the beer but just a hint. For dessert we split a xango or something like that. It was deep fried cheesecake and again it was DEE-LISH! It seemed like a family owned restaurant but I can't be sure about that. It was just a vibe I got. So for 3 dinner entrees, Two sodas, a large draft beer, and a shared dessert our bill was $42. So super inexpensive. The decor is pretty charming in a fun kind of way. I am really glad I finally dropped in and gave these guys a shot.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,1/29/2012,188,247,,11,8>They named the restaurant correctly. This IS the best Chinese food in the area.We walked in and the family that runs the restaurant was eating their meals. This is a good sign in my book.First things first. They have 2 menus. You can't really go wrong with either, but I recommend using the Chinese menu. You won't understand a darn thing on it (but some of the titles are mildly descriptive), but the staff will help you out by answering your questions. There are times when they may not give you the Chinese menu... thinking that you won't be interested, but ASK for it. Then choose something you normally wouldn't eat. You'll be pleasantly surprised and your palette will thank you for it. My wife ordered the General Tso chicken off o the American menu and it was real good. Not your normal frozen then deep fried chicken nuggets.. this was real chicken with a sauce that had just enough bite to it to make it interesting.  (Of course I'm also the one that chews on all of the hot red peppers that are hidden in the sauce)I ordered the Rice Cakes with Pork and Cabbage. Excellent. This isn't the rice cakes we've come to know through other styles of cooking but more like extremely thick rice noodles in a delicate sauce with cabbage and thin strips of pork.  I also tried the Ja Mien noodle which, as mentioned before presents itself as sort of a spaghetti dish but with rice noodles and oodles of flavor provided by the seasoned pork the is minced in it.  It's probably something that you've never tried, yet it's something you soon won't forget. We also ordered up some fried dumplings that tasted like they were hand made and lightly browned in a skillet. This restaurant is shy and unassuming.  We laughed along with the owners family at the latest episode of Wipeout as we ate. You'll feel right at home here.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2011,1/28/2012,151,367,4,6,5>I'm in L-O-V-E.Jazz and fried chicken...what's not to adore?  Hit up this Detroit gem and fall head-over-heels for every little detail about this place.  Why I fell in love?  I'm a geek for dim restaurants, small + cozy two-person booths, service where I feel like I'm in my mom's house and live music.  Top it all off with its rich history, and you have real marriage material on your hands.  Dinner.  Make sure you get it here.  I've tried the catfish, which is pretty good but if you know a good cardiologist, order the fried chicken dinner instead.  I only eat fried chicken once every few months and I save those times for trips to Baker's.  The fried chicken dinner comes with about a half a chicken, fried to a perfect crisp, and is served with two sides; get the collard greens (so so so freaking good).  There definitely will be enough to take home, but it does taste best fresh and hot.  The next day, the chicken breast can be a little bit dry (lesson learned).  There are tons of sides to choose from.  Skip the green beans and baked potato, opt for black eyed peas, mac and cheese or the greens.  Last time, the mac and cheese was perfect, but other visits, its been just alright.Oh, eat that corn muffin....that sucker is tasty.  I even asked for an extra one to go with my leftovers.  The waitress was sweet enough to pack two for me.  Imagine my huge smile when I saw two of those babes in my to-go container during my lunch the next day.  Drinks.  Yep...bottoms up to strong drinks!  Enjoying a cocktail or two or three is a must when taking in some Jazz at Bakers.  And drinks are extra delicious when served by an awesome waitress.  Service here is usually great; our server we kept on getting the past few times has the been the sweetest girl ever.  Music.  It's Baker's, 'nuff said.  Check the website for upcoming entertainment.  Sunday nights are cool because you get people signing up to perform all night.  Sometimes, you'll catch some awesome (and sometimes, super young) talent here.  It never fails to amaze.    So yea, Bakers....I'm in love.  Will you marry me?
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2011,1/27/2012,272,268,8,18,7>Well, alot has changed at Wayne State University since the last YELPER Yelped about WSU.  The University has changed Presidents, VPs, and Provost.  The new President was a big shot at Ford Motor Company and the University is very lucky to have Allan Gilmour as their President now.  Since he and the new Provost are from the corporate world they are incorporating a lot of changes at WSU.  Recently, they had a buy-out for employees that had a certain number of points (age + years @ WSU).  The University also just had a quite large lay-off of certain groups of people who are no longer really needed (secretaries - professors now do their own typing, filing, etc).The advisors for general education are still overwhelmed and you still hear a lot of complaints about them.  But, major advisors have been incorporated and you can now go to them for advise.  I hear that the advisor in Nutrition & Food Science -- which is a pre-med, pre-dental, pre-pharm (health) is the greatest!Wayne State University has about 32,000 students enrolled and is the 10th largest employer in Detroit.  The University is rated #3 in the State behind MSU & U of M.  Please try to revisit and see all the changes that have been incorporated into the landscape.  Many new additions, such as student housing has been built and the new Chemistry building is awesome - soon there will be an open house.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2011,1/26/2012,159,92,3,5,6>The Motown Macdown (hosted by Dino's) was a great even! I couldn't think of a better food to use in competition. Macaroni and cheese can be made so many different ways, and everyone has their favorite. The event was a fundraiser for Justin's Vision and consisted of a competition between Brian Polcyn from Forrest Grill, Matthew Baldridge of Cliff Bells, Inn Season Cafe, The Hungry Dudes, Chris Franz of the Rattlesnake Club, and Brian Perrone of Slows BBQ. What a great lineup! So this is how the event worked: You get 1 little cup of each chef's mac and cheese, but the tasting is blind. The cups each had a number (1-6) on them and at the end you voted by donating to whichever number was your favorite. I really liked that you didn't know who made what. It kept things interesting. I did know immediately which one was the chef's from Inn Season, because it didn't taste like cheese! Gross...vegan mac and cheese should not be allowed! I ultimately chose #1 without hesitation. It was by far the best! It was super creamy, really cheesy, and had super smoky pieces of bacon in it! You could smell the great cheese he used when the servers walked out. So, there were two winners, one judge's choice and one people's choice. Judges choice went to #1-Chef Polcyn! (my personal favorite chef and macaroni and cheese) and the people's choice when to #5- Chef Baldridge. His was ok, but I think he had a bunch of friends there who voted for him.Overall the event was really fun and delicious. I think they could have had more seating for the guests, so everyone could have sat down while eating. I also think they should have given larger portions! For $30 you barely get to taste each one...but at least it went to a good cause. They had other food such as Treat Dreams ice cream, Panini Press, and cupcakes. Garden Fresh sponsored the event along with Dino's and Justin's Vision. I really hope they do it again next year!!
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/8/2011,1/25/2012,125,326,3,10,5>I had been to Maria's under the previous ownership- and was mostly happy until they put canned mushrooms on my chicken marsala.I've been a few times now under new ownership, and I can attest to the food being quite good.  The bread that they bring out before your meal is highly addictive.  They have a nicely balanced menu of Italian dishes - although I feel their appetizer menu is lacking a bit.  The house salad is a bed of greens with cranberries, blue cheese and walnuts - quite fab.  The wine list has something for everyone.  Portions are also large and hot!The only inconsistency I've experienced is with service.  I definitely get good service more often than bad, but it would be unfair to say that it's been consistenly great.I'll be back.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2011,1/24/2012,46,183,4,10,6>We came here for an improv show and had a most excellent experience!!! We had preordered tickets for most of the people in our party, but had a few friends who did not preorder. Even though they had a full house, they graciously shuffled things around to let our entire party sit together. Prior to the start of the show, they have each audience member fill out a questionnaire. Answers from the questionnaires are used as part of the improv sketch. They also ask on the questionnaires whether you would like to be pulled up on stage or not. This meant the comedians and actresses in our party got their fix, while the rest of us were reassured that we wouldn't be put on the spot to join in on the skit. The show was hilarious, and we plan to go back again soon!! Also the drinks were good, and it's just down the street from como's which is a great dinner option if you plan to eat before or after the show.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2011,1/23/2012,50,104,9,10,8>I went here after trying the El Salvadorian place not too far away. I got a medium mango agua fresca....my second agua fresca of the day. I was a virgin at the beginning of the day, but by mid day I was a man whore for the nectar. I also got a watermelon popsicle and my lady had a pineapple one. They were all refreshing and tasty. I was expecting something sweeter, but I respected that it was naturally flavored. I kinda found the seeds in my popsicle a little strange, like they could have been strained out, but for a buck...I'm not that picky. The strawberries and cream looked good as did the chocolate bananas. The two girls working were very helpful and there was no language barriers. I couldn't help but notice that there was a girl there eating a bag of something I cannot identify. I have seen it in the supermercados. It is round and fried perhaps...almost like a dehydrated orange or pork rind type thing....it must have been good because she was devouring the entire bag. I will definitely come back any time I am in the area. I wish the entire popsicle menu was translated into English....only half was and I would love to explore all my flavor options.
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,1/22/2012,127,343,2,9,7>Old school. If I didn't know better you'd think you were in NY. Family owned for over 50 years they still make the pasta as when they opened the doors, by hand, everyday, and you can taste the difference. Ordered a small pepperoni pizza as a app., man I'm glad they are not on the eastside, I'd be there everyday for this pie, so freaking good. The crust had a nice chew to it, if you know what i mean.For the entree, ordered veal parm. with a side of angel hair pasta with meat sauce. As Dave mentioned it's made to order. Well slap my ass and call me Sally was this good. The veal was served with a baked bay leaf on top, I've never seen that and it gave the dish a nice smell. The pasta was so thin I think it only had one side and the sauce was just absolutely spot on. Wasn't going to order dessert until the guy sitting next to us told us if we didn't order the Tiramisu we would have wasted our trip here. Take that advice and get it. We had to wait for it cause guess what, it's made almost to order. She was just finishing up the 3rd cake of the day. Real real whipped cream, omg I'm drooling thinking of it, and tiramisu isn't even near one of my favorites. .Take a adventure out of suburbia, the lot is guarded and the neighborhood is actually a growing part of Detroit. It's nice to see how it used to be, all the shops open and thriving.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2011,1/21/2012,106,248,13,14,10>If there is a God, then this is heaven. Except, instead of streets paved in gold, it streets paved in delicious meats that are paraded in front of you until you have some sort of meat-gasm. My husband and I have been dying to make it out to a Brazilian steakhouse and I got a random $100 bonus at work so we thought we'd dedicate that entire bonus to MEAT. The dinner was amazing. I honestly can't say enough about the ambiance, service, selection, salad bar and quality of the food. Each variety of meat was spectacular and everything was great. While it's all sort of a blur at this point, I think I had top sirloin, rib eye, filet mignon, bacon-wrapped chicken, leg of lamb, lamb chops, Portuguese Sausage (Linguicia) and probably lots of other things. I was least impressed with the lamb portions, but all in all everything was very flavorful and robust. I will agree with Rebecca T and say that everything was very well-salted, but I'm a salt whore so I was in heaven. My husband is a big fan of Linguicia and we were waiting for it to stroll by, so I asked one of the Gauchos and he perked up and happily made it the next round. I think he was impressed that we knew it by name, rather than Portuguese Sausage, and he gave us extra-good service after that. The salad bar, I thought, was really well-done. Classy. My husband felt it tried too hard and wasn't executed well. Either way, DON'T fill up on salad and bread - save yourself for the meat parade. We barely touched the fried bananas and garlic mashed potatoes, even though they were delightful, because the meat is just that good. I couldn't help but notice that the servers, gauchos and manager all spoke with some sort of latin/spanish/portuguese accent - I found this to be really cool, and gave the restaurant a sense of authenticity. The strange part was that after our second round of meat my husband and I found ourselves giggling and carrying on like children - I can't decide if we're just THAT into meat and were giddy with joy, or if we seriously were having meat-gasms. I honestly can't wait to go back. I'd go back tonight if possible. You MUST go.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,1/20/2012,258,354,5,11,12>The Heidelberg Project has been a source of controversy for the art community, city government, Detroit residents, and visiting suburbanites for the last 25 years.  Some say it is a statement-making work of art that brings new life to an otherwise struggling eastside neighborhood.  Others claim it's an eyesore that makes a mockery of the community and those who live there.   And honestly, I can understand the point of both sides.But, at the end of the day, I think Tyree Guyton is brilliant for this work.  I will stand the side of Heidelberg supporters for so many reasons. It's unique, it encourages interaction from the community and those who come to see it, it was created with only optimistic intentions to bring something bright, colorful and beautiful to a corner of the city that needs that.  It is something that only Guyton's mind would have thought up, and something that you will only find in Detroit.  You can take 20 circles around the block and spot something new each time.   Whether you're an adult or a child, a city dweller or suburbanite, whether you love it or hate it - you can't tear your eyes away.  And THAT is art.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,1/19/2012,214,174,2,9,10>Yet another great find in Berkley!  Yummy soups, wraps, salads and sandwiches (even vegetarian options - not tons).  Today I tried the jalapeno popper grilled cheese (I am not feeling like a healthnut today).  YUM!  Pretty non-descript bread, but delicious all the same (it doesn't hurt that I LOVE grilled cheese).  I like to try the daily specials and, well, this was one I couldnt resist.They pride themselves on making everything fresh, and it shows.  It is also very reasonably priced (1/2 sandwich and a cup of soup is $4!).  I also tried the fresh squeezed lemon-limeade.  SO DELISH.TLC is open M-Sa, 10a - 4p (and Thursday til 7p) and is located right next to Hiller's market.  It could easily be included in a nice visit to Berkley - hitting all the hot spots!
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,1/18/2012,1388,1056,10,22,14>They had me at happy hour. Damn do I love happy hour. A very nice Limoncella martini and some cheaper nosh with a fun friend? Yes please.Happy Hour runs 5:00-8:00 Monday thru Friday. From 5:00-6:30 enjoy steamed mussels in wine, garlic, and tomatoes for $2.75 (a second bowl is just $3.75). From 5:00-8:00, receive 20% off items on the wine bar menu, as well as most beverages by the glass.In addition to happy hour and mussels, they offer the following promotions in the Wine Bar:Monday and Tuesday: Staff Picks...special pricing on staff favorites:Mushroom Cap Appetizer $6Tortellini Appetizer $7Chicken Wrap $6Beef Wrap $7Whitefish Entree $12Mezzogiorno Pasta $12Wednesday: All pastas cost just $12.95Thursday: Martini Night: $6 for select martinisFriday and Saturday: 20% off all pastriesWe came on a Monday, shared two bowls of mussels and some mushroom caps. I ate a bowl of hit the spot fish soup flavored with saffron, pernod and gruyere. She had a chicken wrap. I imbibed one limoncella martini and she took in a couple of *perfect* Manhattans. We were stuffed and happy. Service was friendly and we grazed in peace for the most part.I will be back. I think she will be too. Maybe I will get an actual dinner...
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,1/17/2012,200,255,,7,5>Wow, yum.  I will definitely be coming back in the future.I asked for tastes of the following:-Salted Caramel (their best seller)-That's a Peach, Hon (amaretto-flavored ice cream with flambeed peaches and gingersnaps)-Chambord Truffle (white chocolate ice cream with raspberry chambord liqueur and chocolate shavings)-Burnt Ends (smoked chocolate ice cream with smoked pork bits)All were very tasty.  (Yes, even the burnt ends!  I was surprised at how well the flavor worked.)  I thought the ice creams were all very flavorful, creamy, and smooth.I ended up buying two pints of ice cream and was pleased to hear that I could combine flavors in one pint.  I also got a scoop of That's a Peach, Hon so that I could enjoy it right then.I stopped in right after noon on a Sunday.  I think the other flavors included vanilla, chocolate, and a couple of tasty-sounding vegan flavors made with rice milk.  At the time, they only had some cake pops and cookie bars in the baked goods case.  I'm kicking myself for not buying one of the pints of Eggnog ice cream in the freezer.One of the employees was also pureeing watermelon!  She said they were making watermelon and lime popsicles for Arts, Beats & Eats.  Want.Unfortunately, Treat Dreams' website doesn't list their current flavors, but they do post on their Facebook page: facebook.com/TreatDreams
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,1/16/2012,101,180,4,9,6>Time for an update after my first review was after only a week.  Having given myself time to fully experience what CrossFit is all about, my thoughts?It's changing my life.  For the good.Every time you walk in and see the board, no matter how daunting it looks, somehow, you end up getting through it.  Jordan and Hillary will help push you-both from an emotional standpoint (when you have a thought of "no way can I do 100 burpees") and physical (when you are struggling with that last set of pull ups).I cannot say enough good things about CFB and everyone there.  You're all there for the same reason, and you all end up supporting each other, be it an encouraging shout out or a glance and both silently thinking the same thing (usually it's something along the lines of "seriously?!").If you are bored with the treadmill or elliptical or doing modified push ups and crunches and seeing no results, try CrossFit Bloomfield for a week.  You have nothing to lose but your comfort zone.
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,1/15/2012,61,111,4,7,5>My husband and I stumbled in to Valentine after warming up with a few beverages at Rosie's and Dino's.  I'm normally a beer person but have started to be more open-minded about vodka drinks, and I liked the pin-up on the bottle.  It was somewhat early on a Saturday evening so we were easily able to grab a table.The atmosphere is lovely: dark wood and exposed brick give it a warm yet industrial feeling.  You can see the big vats of vodka distilling in the back room.  It feels homey but really classy at the same time.  Along with the regular locally-made vodka, they always have several vodka infusion flavors brewing behind the counter.  The cocktails are expensive but not much more than I would expect for top-quality drinks (and they are DELICIOUS).  The vodka itself tastes very smooth - they gave us very heavy pours and we spent plenty of time there, but we didn't have headaches at all the next day!  Speaking as a lifelong beer drinker, I'm seriously planning to pick up a bottle of Valentine to have at home.The service was very gracious during our visit.  The waitress/bartender was lovely and had the brains to flirt with me instead of my husband, which made us both happy (the other way around would have been trouble)!  I have heard from friends about some very rude treatment, but our experience was wonderful.  If I have a different experience in the future I will post an update, but for now I would not hesitate to recommend Valentine!
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,1/14/2012,21,128,6,5,5>This is one of Ann Arbor's newest spots, and I've enjoyed it the several times that I have been. Gratzi's and Palio's are on the level of Olive Garden, so it's nice to see decent Italian food within walking distance from the Michigan Theater. The food is top-notch, and I recommend the Arancini, which are risotto croquettes with prosciutto and tomatoes -- a very tasty dish. The decor is exactly the kind of contemporary environment that Ann Arbor needs more of. The bar is a great place for grabbing a drink and people-watching.Mani is still new to the local dining scene so I'm approaching with caution before falling in love. Also, the bartender looks like actor Scott Speedman (which can be intoxicating and clouds up one's judgment).
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2011,1/13/2012,20,49,4,7,5>There's a back-story to the "new" in New Lutong Pinoy. From what I know, at one time the long standing Filipino restaurant Royal Kubo in Clawson was experiencing a decline in the quality of their cuisine (or at least, this was the popular opinion locally)  -- somewhere along the way new chefs were brought in and the food improved in the last year or so. I'm not sure on all of the details, but those chefs had a connection to a Filipino carry-out joint on John R in Madison Heights named Lutong Pinoy. This humble storefront was a local legend serving up authentic Filipino to-go, with a "Turo-Turo" set-up (translates to "Point-Point" as in you pick the food you see). But, "Old" Lutong Pinoy closed around the same time that Royal Kubo's entrees started to turn around... And then about 6 months ago I received a message in my Yelp inbox that read: "Lutong Pinoy will soon again be open for business...this time it's a dine-in restaurant located once again In Madison Heights.."I was so ecstatic that I posted a note on Facebook and all of my Filipino friends were also excited but skeptical, joking that I shouldn't start rumors.  From what I've gathered, there are three types of Filipino restaurants in the United States: chains such as Max's, "Turo-Turos" and Karaoke Bars (i.e. clubs -- they serve food and have a bar). Metro-Detroit doesn't have a Max's (unfortunately! -- we definitely have the demographic for this) and Royal Kubo is THE Filipino Karaoke Bar/club. There's a Turo-Turo in Warren, Filipinas Grocery, but I honestly wouldn't waste my time. So where does the "New" Lutong Pinoy fall into place?Somewhere in the middle actually. The "Turo-Turo" is no more, but they still offer carry-out and catering. The dining area is very open and has touches of a Max's Restaurant (the mini-waterfall and tomato bisque colored paint on the wall). I've been a few times already and one thing, and perhaps the most important, is still true: this food could pass for some of the best home cooked Filipino cuisine I've experienced.  If you've never had Filipino food before, you'll be wowed. If you've ordered from "Old" Lutong Pinoy in the past, you won't be disappointed! If you are a hard-core authentic Asian gastronome trying this place for the first time, there will be a dish to win you over.The Lechon Kawali is my favorite dish, who could pass on equal parts crunchy and juicy deep fried pork belly with a zesty dipping sauce? The Pancit Palabok (sort or the Filipino take on Pad Thai) is scrumptious. As for beverages, I'd recommend the "Calamansi Drink" for something tangy and refreshing. The Lumpiang Shanghai is a great appetizer (ask for vinegar!). One of my friends swears by their To-silog (breakfast or dinner, this is always a treat). The Daing na Bangus (deep fried milk-fish) was one of the best preparations of milk-fish I've ever had. When I brought up the "three types of Filipino restaurants" statement earlier in this review, I want to close by saying that I think Filipinos can be quite critical of these establishments, as they should be, and often one prefers one type over another. Someone in my dining party pointed out that New Lutong Pinoy is expensive compared to a "Turo-Turo" in the Historic Filipinotown in Los Angeles. While this may be irrelevant locally, I would agree it does seem a bit more pricey than its neighboring Pho joints in Madison Heights and Warren. However, New Lutong Pinoy has a very welcoming atmosphere and charming service that the aforementioned Vietnamese joints are lacking (Da Nang to the north in Clawson being one exception).On the way out of the restaurant last nite, I notice the many photos of the patrons dining at New Lutong Pinoy that have been posted on a board reading "Family."  To me, it was an old-school sentiment beckoning the institutional role an ethnic restaurant plays in its community. Out with the "old," in with the "new," but always staying true...
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,1/12/2012,24,69,5,7,7>I have to admit, I kinda like places where I know the food is clean enough that I know I won't get sick.  Duly's is not that place, it's definitely not the cleanest (although seemingly cleaner than say the downtown coneys like Lafayette and the other one next door to it).However, despite the questionably safe location, the obvious lack of cleanliness, and the lack of menu choices typical to coneys, I really like this place.First of all - it's so cheap.  And that's awesome to me.  Secondly, you get pretty good portions (huge slices of delicious pie) for close to nothing.  I'm not big on hot dogs slathered in chili and whatnot, but the burger and fries were decent, and pie was awesome.I would definitely come back over and over, great place to grab a quick bite (service is fast), prices are super cheap, and the food hits the spot.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2011,1/11/2012,117,27,11,19,7>I've written this review in my head a hundred times. Every time I eat Chinese from a tiny family take-out joint or even when I partake in over-priced chain versions, I start with the thought, " I don't even really *know* what 'good' Chinese food is." Far East Chinese & Thai is it. I had surrendered to the idea that "Chinese food" is just an American novelty of superfluous, fluffy, over-breaded meat with radio-actively colored sauces, and a starchy Uncle Ben's variety of rice tinted brown with all nutritional value removed. After admitting that the overpriced chain was truthfully and shamefully the taste contender and many cravings left unsatisfied, Far East is a dream come true. Now, the place is a flourescently lit strip-mall set up with a few good eat-in tables. At the counter was THE most courteous, helpful, friendly and empathetic (get ready for this) white guy. The menu is laden with customary Chinese take-out fare, with a few Thai and even Indian add-ons. Disregard all that for now, and take a leap of faith. It's only an average of $7 for the combinations, after all. Normally I'd ask for all sauces on the side, but Nice guy assured me that Seasame Chicken wouldn't get soggy, and that it's really better stir fried together (in English!) A crunchy, carmelized serving of perfectly flavored chicken later, I am so very satisfied and impressed. I went with the stand-by this first time in order to serve as a yard stick, but now I am excited to venture out and try their Thai and Indian offerings. Taste the food first, then consider the potential pitfalls mentioned above again. I think you'll find that you'll see them in a new light.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,1/10/2012,106,77,9,7,7>Let's talk about productive accidents. Today, in effort to change my residence to Oakland County, I went to the Secretary of State in Oak Park. After walking in I discovered a line that was 45 people long to get a number and sit and wait. This was not going to do it for me. Meanwhile, in the back of my head, was the mouthwatering delight of the Bread Basket. As I drove into the complex, and though my windows were up, I either smelled or imagined the aroma of the delicious corned beef...at it was glorious! Needless to say, I didn't even wait to get there and called ahead from across the parking lot to order my Corned Beef on grilled rye with Russian dressing and slaw. Giddy up! As I walked into the BB five anguishing minutes later, I was already doing my best impression of the dog from Turner and Hooch. It was game time and I knew it. It may have been the look of eager desperation on my face, or the fact that I said, "Corned beef sandwich for Tom," but the lovely and honorable duchess of deliciousness behind the counter had mine ready to go. I had to drive home, as there is no eating this one in the car, and barely made it without gnawing through the bag. When I arrived home I broke into the butcher paper that wraps the sandwich, and like a fine wine, let it breath. Fortunately, the Bread Basket understands this and includes delicious pickle spears. By the time you're done with one or two of those, the delicious CB is ready to go. You know, as you lock eyes on your opponent, that it's unlikely you'll finish it. The sandwich must way 2 lbs. At it's center, you're literally looking at 2 inches of freshly shaved and grilled corned beef. It is perfectly layered with delicious slaw and Russian, and you lose any conscious worry about how you're going to dislocate your jaw to begin. You just do it. And when you're finished, you sit back, try and control the Alien like feeling that something is about to protrude from your belly, and holler with as much air as you can muster, "ROMA VICTOR!!!" As you have truly conquered the unconquerable. The long short, I don't care what anyone says, the BB is still as good as ever. I haven't had a BB Corned Beef on Rye in over three years, and it was as good as ever. This place does sandwiches better than anyone, and is well worth the premium you pay. So...fast for a few days, drink a lot of water a few hours before to stretch the belly back out, get in there, and do your service to the local economy....and enjoy every wonderful bite of it!
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2011,1/9/2012,128,145,3,7,3>Went here for lunch yesterday and did the all you can eat buffet. With a $2 tip, my bill came to $12. The lunch buffet is a good deal as it has a few different kinds of soup, a salad bar, bread sticks and of course, 6-7 different pizzas. I had a few slices, some of which included: Chicago Style Pepperoni, CS Spinach, CS onions, hot peppers, hand tossed sausage and bacon and cheese with garlic. They also have a dessert pizza which I believe was chocolate chip. I always center around the salad and pizza. The pizza was fresh, hot and very good and the salad was awesome!! I have been here a few times, and when you get the at 11am, you pretty much have the run of the place. It usually gets busier around 11:30, but you can still get out of there in about 45 minutes. The service is always quick at lunch, and they keep up on the refills. The atmosphere is nice, and the place is very clean. I will be back, I love Chicago Style Pizza. YUM!!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2011,1/8/2012,217,264,,11,5>After a couple weeks of being sore, I finally came to realize that I needed a massage. Thanks to the yelpers and your awesome reviews I booked a session with Greenleaf Bodywork. And it was the best massage I've ever gotten.The atmosphere is relaxing. Nothing crazy, just how you would expect a massage place to be: quiet, darkish, aromatic and private. As soon as Gina started with my shoulders she knows that I've been on the computers a lot and I'm extremely right handed. She worked out every knot on my shoulders and my back. All of a sudden i just felt like, the weight off my shoulders are gone.I also asked Gina to work on my knees, which by the way, you can ask them to work on specific areas. My knees would always feel jammed every time I run on the treadmill. And Gina basically just pushed my whole leg back to where it should be. I never expected anything like that from a massage. It's a bit of extreme. But in my case, it was everything I needed."Now it's time for you to come back to earth, which is the worst part of the massage", said Gina. And indeed it was. Coz in my ultimate dream world, I'll always have somebody like Gina massaging me 24/7.If you have a birthday coming up, they'll also knock 10 dollars off. I really think that''ll be a great birthday gift for myself.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,1/7/2012,139,856,3,5,5>SoHo is one of my favorite bars in Ferndale.  In the summer, you can sit on the patio on 9 mile, which is really nice.  But in the winter, you can stay inside and enjoy some of the best, and raunchiest Karaoke around and $4 Long Islands on Sunday (which helps a lot with the karaoke).  The bartenders have all been very pleasant and fun.  I hadn't been here in over a year, but after visiting last night, I will probably have to work SoHo into the rotation.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2010,1/6/2012,29,44,4,5,3>I went here to start my first garden. Everything I didn't grow from seed, I grew from little sprouts I bought at the market. And when I bought those little sprouts at the market, I asked the people selling them to me for growing tips, which some of them happily provided (while others were unhelpfully vague and looked at me kinda funny).I've been going here since I was 3, though when I was a kid, I usually went during flea market Sundays and was particularly attracted to the old lady who sold comic books and special card decks with stale pieces of gum included inside the wrapper. I'm pretty sure my mom did all of her Xmas shopping at the flea market this year and she scored some of the biggest successes of the season. You really can't go wrong, especially if you know what you're looking for. Make sure to talk to the booth owners--they're friendly, helpful people. If you tell them what you're looking for, they will bring it for you if they have it, or find it if they don't. Did I mention this is the best place to get fresh produce and shop local in the tri-county area? Eastern Market is good, maybe as good, but I still like going to Royal Oak Farmer's Market. It's not really being green if you have to drive an extra 30 minutes for your organic produce, right?
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,1/5/2012,45,114,9,7,6>Let's face it. Most ex-smoking establishments - basically every bowling alley known to man - still has the lingering stink of decades of cigarette smoke. It's in the walls, ceilings, carpets and the skin of the people who worked in the Cigarette Era. That's what I expected when I walked into this place: a dark, rancid place full of the Bingo Crowd, taking a bowling break from their smoking league.The reality is the opposite. Sure, there are the league bowlers with the matching shirts and Flowbee haircuts, playing their hearts out for a sweet 16-inch plastic bowling pin trophy. But they add to the charm, giving you something to watch and erasing memories of the Blue-Haired Bingo Betties of my youth.The place itself is clean and modern-ish, and they have great specials on bowling and beer. It is a far cry from other lanes in the area. The only fault I could find was the house balls (ha ha) aren't very good. Unless you have very small hands. So... Bring your own ball and have a bal-- er... have fun.Pool tables in the bar - a big plus.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2011,1/4/2012,19,43,2,6,4>This is a total body wellness center offering many different alternative health treatments.  The waiting area has plants, waterfalls, multiple teas and a retail area.  It's a very serene environment.  I've had colonics and massage here and have broken the review into sections.Colonics: A friend referred me here a couple of years ago for colonics back when it was all the rage.  I was thoroughly impressed with the professionalism of the staff.  I must admit my first colonic was terrifying but the woman running the machine made it seem like no big deal.  She gave me a reflexology massage and aromatherapy to calm me down while I was lying on the table.  We even chatted about nutrition and stress and how it affects the body.  I left there feeling lighter and more informed about my digestive issues.  I've been back once or twice a year since with various providers, all of whom are wonderful, and it's kept me healthy and feeling great.  I no longer get sick AT ALL in the winter.Massage: I try to get massages once a month paycheck permitting.  This place is at the higher end of my price range so I've only had a few.  Some have been great, others lackluster.  I tore/strained a hamstring last year and wanted to get a good deep tissue pounding to break up the scar tissue formation.  The first female masseuse I booked with barely touched the area I was concerned with and I left very disappointed.  I did call back and spoke with the manager Mary who offered me a discount if I returned.  She took care of the area expertly.  I recommend booking with her or the male masseuse from New Jersey (?) if you need deep tissue.
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,1/3/2012,32,112,2,4,3>I have been meaning to try this place for 3 years and finally got to it.  Upon walking inside, you seem to take a time warp into the 1990s.  The decor probably hasn't changed much over the years.  There is a large bar area with tables set up, a dance floor, and many tables for any size party.  Party of 10?  No problem.We were promptly seated and were given menus to look over the fare.  We started with the Flaming Sausage appetizer.  Funny name.  It was good.  A spicy sausage served "flaming" just like saganaki.  Later would we know the app was totally not needed, but it was very delicious.Next was soup.  I got the seafood chowder and my girlfriend ordered the french onion.  Both were very nice.  The chowder needed a dash of salt, but after that it had a nice zip to it and chunks of crab and shrimp.Salad next.  These were just average.  Nothing special.  Typical romaine mix. For entrees, my girlfriend opted for the whitefish, which was lightly battered and broiled.  I opted for the mother of all steaks, the Porterhouse (medium rare).  I can say from the few bites I had, the whitefish was very good.  It was cooked perfectly.  The breading was crisp and crunchy while the fish was moist and flavorful.  My girlfriend NEVER gets fish, but decided to try it and was quite pleased.  I hope this turns the corner because I want to try a lot of seafood places but they usually get vetoed.  My steak was a monster.  I'm not usually defeated by pieces of red meat, but this did me in (the app, soup, and salad may have done something about that too).  It weighs in at a hefty 30oz.  I have to say it ranks up there as one of the best steaks I've had recently in the area.  It was cooked nicely, maybe a touch under medium rare, but that was fine by me. Rather have under than over.  I don't think you can beat the price for the quality of meat you get around here.  I could only manage to eat the filet side and a portion of the strip portion (steak and eggs on tap for breakfast!!).  The filet side was the equivalent to an 8oz filet.  no joke.  In my opinion, this steak is an incredible value for $33.  We both got veggies as a side and those were mehhhh, but we were so full, we wouldn't have been able to put those down anyways.Overall, I definitely recommend giving this place a shot.  The place was very crowded so maybe a reservation is a good idea for a larger party on a weekend night.  I think it's a great meal at a decent price.  Our tab came to just under $65, even with my $33 steak.  Money well spent!
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,1/2/2012,77,274,3,4,3>High-class soul food may sound like an oxymoron, but the reality is it's the perfect compromise dinner. The woman likes a place where you can grab a nice drink. I like a place where the food is a vehicle for hot sauce. So at Beans and Cornbread, we both win.Every meal starts with a basket full of cornbread and mini sweet potato muffins. The cornbread is generally, well, cornbread, but the muffins are really tasty. I ordered the fried chicken with sides of red beans and rice and green beans for my meal. On a scale of 1 to my 98-year-old grandmother's recipe, the fried chicken is about a B+. Their MO is to go light on the spice and fry it to perfection. I can't argue with that too much. The chicken had a nice juiciness to it. I like a little more spice to it, and wound up dousing it with Louisiana Hot Sauce. The sides were very tasty, especially the green beans. The woman ordered the salmon croquettes with sweet potatoes and collard greens. They really don't lie when they say sweet potatoes here. It tasted more like a dessert than a side. Collard greens usually aren't my thing, but these ones weren't bad.All in all, there are better soul food restaurants out there, but none of them are right for date night the way Beans and Cornbread is.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2011,1/1/2012,148,80,5,15,8>Red hot chili peppers danced around for joy in my mouth the first time I went to Trizest and had the "water boiled fish," which should be re-named to "super hot spicy fragrant the best darn mouth burning but you'll love every single minute of the pain fish." They haunted my dreams for days afterwards until I returned to Trizest to stop the withdrawal shaking and get another fix of the tastiest, most authentic Szechuan food I've had in the Metro-Detroit area. Note to the "people who have to use forks at an Asian restaurant": you CANNOT get the Americanized Chinese food here - it tastes like crap. Skip past the first two pages of beef-and-broccoli and General Tsao's chicken, and you'll find where Trizest really shines. In my weekly pilgrimages I've also tried the chopped rabbit, fish and tofu, Szechuan lamb, spicy chicken, beer duck, and some other dishes such as cold tripe (not for the faint of heart). ALL were fantastic. So order a whole pitcher of water when you sit down, stay under the "authentic dishes" sub-heading under the menu, and prepare for a delicious journey through Szechuan culture that you will be raving about. That is, once your tongue stops burning!
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,12/31/2011,84,138,3,5,3>I am still in a Food/Drink coma from the Mothers Day buffet I attended with my family on Sunday evening.I've been coming here every Mother's Day with my family for years now, so many that we know the Servers/Waitress by name and they seem to remember us too. This year my family spend a good 3hrs there having a grand time.Our requested Server - Renee (?) was spot on and top notch. No matter what anyone requested she hooked us up. Most of the family loves Mimosa's however I love coffee. Every year I ask for ND creamer and every year they Never have any. Sad really, so many people cannot tolerate Milk I would think at least once they would have Soy Milk or ND powdered creamer. This year I would not let it get me down... I asked for Espresso... and Espresso I received. I think all in all I drank at least 4 double espressos. They were excellent. Came with a rock candy stirrer too... the sugar slowly melts into the brew. The espresso was better than anything I can make at home. Very strong and very good. One of the best things I had this year in my humble opinion.The Buffet was extravagant again... Better this year than last year. I really missed the Prime Rib from last year... this year they offered Ham and Smoked Turkey. There was no sauce or gravy though. They instead offered some odd concoction that looked and smelled like Marmalade. Sorry I would of preferred some sort of Apple/Pear Chutney instead for the Ham.Overall my food favorites were the Omelets, the Beef short ribs, the Broccoli, and the Dark Chocolate Mousse. Thankfully I had my benadryl with me to counteract any Dairy. Now that I am a New Yelper I will have to remember to keep a log of my experience again at the next Mother's Day Buffet.
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,12/30/2011,91,44,7,9,7>I will never get a pizza from another place again. Ever. Well, I still wanna try Supinos and I may want thick crust one day, but other than that, NEVER EVER! I completely understand why this was voted 'One of the Best' by the Freep last year. I found this place a couple weeks ago on Yelp! and told the BF we need to try it; so I called and placed an order for a pepperoni for him (he's boring like that, his idea of being fancy is adding bacon) and I got the Florentine. It was the first time I had tried a Florentine and OH MY GOD what have I been waiting around for?!!?! I tried the BF's pepperoni too and it was equally as good. Fresh ingredients, not super greasy, perfect NY style thin crust. We also got an antipasto salad with lemon vinaigrette and a couple meat balls. The lemon vinaigrette was so good I drank the rest that was in the bowl (on both occasions that I have ordered food from here, I know I'm gross like that. Whatever, it's good! You'd do it too!) and spent 25 minutes in Nino's the other day looking for a lemon vinaigrette to see if I can find something similar and another hour at work on Epicurious.com looking for a recipe. It's that good!! And the meat balls-- Wow. Awesome. Almost as good as my pork, veal, sirloin and cheese meat balls, but way better than Villa Restaurant's and everyone seems to rave about their balls. I had them the other day and wasn't blown away, but I digress. It's only Mom and Pop carry-out, but definitely worth the try. They close at 9pm though, so you should take that into consideration.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2011,12/29/2011,49,753,6,14,8>Of course you  have heard all of the HYPE & the Bob Seger & KidRock sightings.Well none of it is hyperbole!We joined a dear brother in Christ for his 50th Birthday at the Union Woodshop. We parked out back by the smoker..truly 'inviting & intoxicating'.We were very warmly greeted by this super charming hostess 'Bianca'& explained we were the1st to arrive for a party of 9, she explained we cannot seat you until 50% of the group is here. [ fair enough ]So we occupied a stool at the bar, and they offered us a beverage,I delcined as I was driving , but sampled the apple-cinnamon sangria WOW! unique!Bianca promptly seated us at a nice long table/half bench, the rocking chairs threw me off at first , but were quite relaxing as I sipped sweet tea.Our Hostess & Birthday Boy ordered some appetizersWOODSTICKS -- Wood-fired breadsticks with garlic butter & cream cheese dip  $3.95A++  the dip alone is worth the driveDEEP FRIED PICKLES -- Battered in Bad$%#  Beer, served w/ Memphis mayo  $2.50A+       Far better than most places & the unique job on the dip "nice job chef"Buffalo Chunks -Today's SpecialA           and also a great dipping sauceERIN  was quite an incredible server, who was fast, efficient & had a quick wit about herA+We all ordered some great dishes and shared quite a few, I will key in on what I had.WOODSHOP 101 - Quarter chicken choice of white or dark meat, choice of pulled pork or brisket, or house-made hot link, plus 2 bones of spare ribs or back ribs, served up with a corn muffin & whipped sweet butter  $18.95 +  a side House Made HOT LINK for $3Quite the entree & offeringThe chicken was very good & had a nice smoke flavorB                   [only because I do not like tangling with chicken on the bone ]I inquired about the brisket, "is it good & tender or like Texas Brisket like beef jerky?"  Erin assured me it was fork tender, and it was !!Brisket  A+The Ribs you choose spare ribs or rack ribs, I chose rack ribsFall of the bone tender & smokeyA+Hot Link , may have stole the show , deep smoke flavor &  a some what easy casing to cut throughA+__________________________________________________________________The sides oh the SIDES!many places brag about their MAC & CHEESE , but the UNIOn has nailed itUNION MAC & CHEESE - Vermont sharp cheddar, Pinconning, penne rigate, bechamel, parmesan & crunchy crust A++& I do not have enough stars for it, served in a mini casserole dish so you bet the crusty edges & the blend of cheeses & breadcrumbsWow Factor!  off the charts.Hand-dipped onion rings served with Memphis MayoB+    My wife ordered & shared her Potato salad: Yukon Gold potatoes, whole grain mustard, dill, red onion & house smoked baconSuper!A+    what a combo of flavors!Dessert quite an exhaustive list & very hard to choose BROWNIE SKILLET - House-baked brownie with our house made vanilla nitrogen ice cream & chocolate sauce $3.95A++Served in a mini cast iron skillet and  ooey gooey good!I have to list the all of the sauces to wet your appetite .WOODSHOP REGIONAL BBQ SAUCESAT THE TABLE*MEMPHIS TENNESSEE - Tomato & vinegar base, middle ofthe road, not too sweet or too spicyLOCKHART, TEXAS Tomato based & very spicy with chipotleDECATUR, ALABAMA "Alabama White Sauce", thin mayonnaise based, peppery & tart with a bit of horseradishCHINA TOWN, NYC "Chinese Char Siu," street food favorite with hoisin & gingerAlso they were serving a mustard /vinegar South Carolina SauceNOT AT THE TABLE*RALEIGH, NORTH CAROLINA - Thin, vinegar based sauce, very tangy & spicyHELL, MICHIGAN - Ghost chili plus four others, capsaicin extract, red Stag by Jim Beam & local maple syrupAnd of course Kid Rock was sitting at the table 2 feet from us, everyone at my table saw him but me, as my back was towards him, it was  very nice how no one bothered him and played it cool, except for everyone trying to discreetly snap a cellphone picture.IF? your looking for a quiet place to snuggle up with your special person, this is not the placeit is very LOUD!with hardwood floors, hard tables,chairs, tin ceiling Which made it LOUD & Very exciting !And as I left the owner , Curt Catallo  was in the rear lobby & we exchanged greetings & swapped BBQ stories, I told him what a great staff he has & product, he was truly a hands on owner & engaged me in the art of Q & smoked meats, we also laughed out loud as he has seen the owners of other BBQ joints in the tri-county area stop in & investigate & the high honor of how several have 'tried' to  copy some of his tricks of the trade.In closing I see why it was the 2011 Detroit Free Press Restaurant of the year.And  as many of you know Guy Feritti of Diners-Drive-ins -Dives filmed an episode here in late august ,and once it airs, you will  be hard pressed to get in.~whew~
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2011,12/28/2011,192,175,13,9,5>A friend recently came to visit me at work and then demanded dinner afterward--so pushy right? Naturally I obliged and we settled on sushi.  He's a glutton for raw fish and I wasn't terribly hungry so I knew a few vegetable rolls would suffice, plus I have a weakness for miso soup despite it making me thing of "me so horny." My boss is a big fan of Kabuki so I figured we might as well try it, plus, it was two blocks away.Walking in, there isn't an air lock to keep the cold air out, but there is a small partition. The front of the restaurant is kind of cloistered with the door covered in artistic paper (or window cling?) and the windows being relatively small. There were several tables and a small sushi bar that patrons could sit at while watching their small crazy rolls being concocted. There was also a tv blaring Entertainment Tonight or TMZ or some nonsense like that--I guess I shouldn't knock it all since it did spur on conversation about Billy Ray Cyrus. The menu was pretty varied. There were several appetizers and and other options beyond sushi including bibimbap and tempura platters. I settled on the black mushroom roll, the AAC roll (avocado, asparagus, cucumber) and an egg sashimi. There were 6 rolls of each and one of the egg. Two bowls of miso soup were presented gratis. My thing with miso soup is I always want like 4 portions. I swear it never seems like enough. Their soup was delicious though. As an appetizer we ordered  the edamame. I was a little let down because I have had more flavorful edamame at other restaurants, but maybe that's because it was either covered in butter or salt? This was pretty au natural, and despite less than desired flavor, I still ate it. My friend had some crazy roll that looked like a dragon. It may have contained dragon. I thought the flavor of everything was quite on the spot. I was perfectly pleased with the rolls and mostly full by the end of the meal. The waitress was also really courteous about splitting the checks. Score!Kabuki also offers sake. I will have to keep this in mind for when I want something different from my three martini lunch*. . . *Regretfully I don't have three martini lunches. Most are actually consumed at Taco Bell. If they had a liquor license though, I'd be all over that.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,12/27/2011,99,92,,10,6>I'm sooooooooo glad that this great little place opened up just down the street from me. I had been wanting to try it since it opened and when meeting a (non-alcohol-drinking) friend I thought that this would be the perfect place since they offer both coffee/tea and cocktails. I was right again, it was the perfect place to meet!!! I got there a few minutes early and sat at the bar. The bartender was great, super friendly and welcoming. I was looking over the wine list and she offered me a few small tastes of wine, but once I saw the Sangria on the menu I knew that is what I wanted. MMMM the White Sangria was amazing, so fresh and yummy, perfect for a summer evening. We sat out on the patio, which was great although I can't give Torino all the credit for that Mother Nature was helping out too! We ordered the Bruschetta....yum! I seriously wanted to go back the next day just to have that again. I resisted the urge to go back the next day, but will definitely be back soon. Oh one note to keep in mind. My friend that was meeting me there was not familiar with where it is located and had a difficult time finding it. They might need a bigger sign or something.
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,12/26/2011,60,86,6,8,6>Thoroughly impressed with the burgers here!  Reasonably priced ($5-6), with the choice to customize (e.g. fried egg, avocado, etc) as desired for just a bit more, they are a great deal.  I ordered the Swiss mushroom burger, and it was probably the best version of this I've ever eaten.  The best part is easily their patties - good quality, juicy, thoroughly cooked, and not too thick (6oz, double patty an option for $1.29).Also major props to their waffle fries, which were crispy without being too salty or greasy.Vegetarians, also take note:  My vegetarian friend said that her veggie burger was excellent, one of the best she's ever had.  So fun for all!Combine that with a neat little eating area, both indoor and patio seating, quick friendly table service, oddly clean trendy bathrooms (like you would see in Birmingham eateries), and you've got a hit on your hands.  Also open late, in case too much fun was had at Fifth.  This is my new go-to burger place in the immediate area.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2011,12/25/2011,91,118,5,7,4>Tell your friends you're at Tipsy McStaggers and they'll probably laugh at you. However, aside from the cartoonish name, this place isn't too bad.There's quite a few shall we say "iffy" bars in Warren, and this place is a nice haven in an otherwise scary biker bar area. The bar is clean and shiny and the management really tries all different ways to lure customers in.One cool thing they have is the Tipsy Tower Challenge. It's one of those Man Vs. Food things with a 5lb burger, a basket of fries and some cole slaw. My friend did it. He got a t-shirt, his picture on the wall and his $25 meal for free. Plus, it's a fun time.Karaoke is the main draw of this place for my friends and I and it's here quite a lot. Nothing makes a wild night more wild than karaoke. Okay, there are other things, but karaoke is legal.The food is above average bar fare, which is nice. The waitresses are all, ahem, talented. They don't dress like they're working at Hooters (and they certainly seem smarter than that), but they accentuate what they should to earn tips. Everyone is quite nice and you'll often find the owner floating about making sure you're having a good time.All in all, Tipsy's is a good local bar to have a fun night after work with friends. And also to force one of them to eat a human's head weight worth of food.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,12/24/2011,151,160,6,11,10>Been here many times. Don't know how I have missed doing a review. Today's visit reminded me of how much I really like this panderia poco.They have it all. Mexican sweetbreads, pastries ( including cannolis), cookies, barbacoa, and carnitas. Tamales offered in beef, chicken and pork. Salsa is included with the tamales and it is excellent, very flavorful and a perfect complement. The space is small and  every inch has been put to use. So much so that you can miss things. So just shop slowly remembering to look up and down within the cases.Some of my favorite cakes are the chocolate topped with flan and the tres leches.  Cakes are available by the slice and some times by the whole. They can be special ordered for any occasion.The hours are conveniently seven days a week. 6AM till 9PM.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,12/23/2011,34,53,4,15,6>I cannot get enough Neehee's. I drove to Canton twice in the past three days, following the siren call of delicious spicy food. Every day I cross my fingers that the same surges in business that encouraged them to expand will eventually bring them to Ann Arbor, ideally right across the street from me. I could go to Neehee's for every meal for a week, never eat the same dish twice, and be satisfied every time. Because of the huge number of offerings, every visit must be planned strategically. The samosa chole is a winner because you get both the delicious samosas and the spicy chickpea dish. I also recommend a cheese cone dosa as the dramatic shape is fun to eat. Someday, I will commit to the Special Gujarati Thali, but I've had too much success picking and choosing my dishes.The chaats are probably the most unique to Neehee's (at least for the Detroit area) so I avoided the Indo-Chinese section for a long time, thinking I could get the same kinds of dishes elsewhere. This was foolish. The Gobi 65 is a revelation of cauliflower, and perhaps they've kicked up the spice a bit. I don't find it as volcanic as the bright red color suggests, but it certainly necessitated a water refill.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,12/22/2011,169,223,9,11,6>I've always wanted to have that one "go to" Diner where we always have the same booth every time we go there like on Seinfeld. Cassel's is that place for us on the West Side. Every time we go we are always fortunate to get the same booth each and every time. It's somewhat special in a "that's what you deem special?" kind of way.We used to live just a few minutes away and would eat there at least once a week and then we moved a bit farther away, but still made an effort to get there as often as possible. Sadly we are buying our first house and it is out in Fraser so it will be a bit of a hike to get to Caseel's and we will have to find someplace equivalent by our new place. Well let me take that back before my wife slaps me upside the head. Sadly as in moving so far away from our favorite Diner, not about buying our first home. Yahoo for buying a home and being an adult!Friday's is when I like to go there the most as their soup of the day is Red Pepper Bisque. The best word to describe it is AH-MAY-ZING! It is hard to limit myself to just a cup, but I know if I eat my fill of it I won't have room for their yummy entrees. I have tired just about everything on the menu there from Breakfast to Dinner Special and it is all good. My favorite there is probably their Chicken Strips which are so moist and juicy that you do not even need dipping sauce. Chicken Strips you say? Hey people, they aren't just for kids even though I am still a kid at heart.  Though they don't really require any sauces, I still partake in a dip or two as their Honey Mustard and Adobo Ranch are money in the words of Triple D's Guy Fieri. What sets them apart from all the rest is they are 100% homemade. Most places like to use the frozen junk you just toss in a fryer and serve up, but you can tell that Cassell's takes the time to cut up their chicken themselves and instead of just your everyday ordinary breadcrumbs they dip them in a batter that is similar to what you would see used in a high quality Fish and Chips platter.The service is always above and behind. We have never had bad service or service that was just okay for that matter. I never have to ask for a refill on my drink, it is always there right as I finish the previous one and they are always friendly and remember us and ask how things are with our lives. It is a very warm and inviting atmosphere.This place is the true definition of a "Finer Diner" and if you live in the area or passing through, stop in there and grab a bite to eat. You won't be disappointed. Just don't sit in the first booth to the left. THAT'S MINE!
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,12/21/2011,41,64,7,11,6>I almost caused a traffic accident when I spotted this place.It was worth it.Right away it was clear that this was a mom and pop operation.  With pop on the phone taking a catering ordering, mom came up to the counter in her hairnet, patiently answered all my questions, and took my order.   I ended up ordering off the white board (aka the specials), opting for the mixed pulses with 2 roti.  I watched as she rolled out the dough for my roti and my order was brought  is less than five minutes.  I had ordered it medium but she was a little shy with the seasoning, so she brought out the oil and added spice until my heart was content.  Even before the spice was added the pulses were far from bland.  The sauce was very complex and delicious and the spice merely added to the flavor without overpowering it.  I've only had better dal from one other place, and that was a friend's kitchen.  The whole meal cost me exactly $5.29.Also, this place is really clean.  It may be small and low key, but it was clean enough that I would actually consider eating something that fell on the floor.Word to the wise:  This is vegetarian South Indian food.  No butter chicken.  No palak paneer.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2011,12/20/2011,53,254,4,6,6>If you've ever been in a bar run by Andy Garris, you know what to expect at Woodruff's before you enter the door.  And as evolutionary theory would dictate, Woodruff's is the best incarnation yet.Better stage.  Better sound.  More room to roam.  Same great service and pours from behind the bar. I'm sure it can seem like a hipster bar from time to time, but they take they're drinking seriously here and damn it, I respect that.The only ding is that the stupid fireplace ruins a large portion of the sight lines to the stage.  Not a "I'm taking away a star" ding, because there's Kennedy needlepoint on it, and that sir, is a plus.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,12/19/2011,68,109,2,9,3>They get a pie right. Plenty of sauce with a hint of sweet, fresh veggies, and they don't hold back on the toppings. Great place for cheap delivery that is actually fast. And hold the phone kids; besides just yummy pizza pies, they do something else well. They get your whole order correct upon delivery, every single time. It amazes me how many pizza delivery places forget something you ordered or mix up something you ordered with someone else. Mickey's seems to actually give a shit about that kind of thing.Thank you Mickey's! From,Your new repeat customer
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,12/18/2011,149,123,4,5,5>I was there with a very large group, and there were other large groups, but this could also be a very cozy, romantic spot. They serve all their own wines and house made pizzas.  I thought both the wine and the food was pretty darn amazing, even though I was eating and drinking gradually over the course of the evening between chit-chat with friends.They also had a lovely live musician on this Thursday night and was pretty full by 7:00.The pizza was incredible and felt very authentically Italian.  It's a super thin, crispy crust that's not overpowered with cheese but full of powerful flavor!  The service was great and the atmosphere is really charming and a great place to waste hours away drinking wine and talking with friends.Great little spot in Plymouth!
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2011,12/17/2011,223,265,1,12,8>Fantastic.  We've been to Tria 3 times and each visit the food has been outstanding.  It would be in my top 5 favorites in Michigan.  I've hesitated to write, having been disappointed by other restaurants that start off with a bang and then fizzle.Tria started off with a bang is shining bright.Great menu with a wide range of dishes, small and large plates, raw bar and desserts.  I've had so many GREAT dishes here that it's hard to recall them all.HIGHLIGHTS=========== - oysters    super fresh on all visits served with a superb mignonette and a spicy sauce - Tots   an amazing modern take  -  super light whipped potatoes, piped into a tot-shape, frozen then deep fried.  Think crispy puffs of potato-air.   - burger with pork belly confit    Should be dinner for 2.  The pork belly by itself is awesome.  The buger by itself is awesome.  The fries are perfect.  One person should NOT eat this whole thing.   - Henry Salad   Fantastic  local produce, just a touch of a nice sharp cheese, olives.  - beet salad - small plate - great. - Deserts     They have a desert sampler that was brilliant the first time we were there.  The second time it was really good.   The souffle is probably the best I've ever had. WINE LIST=========Nice short list that is very affordable.  They also offer 3, 5, and 8 oz. pours which I thought was brilliant.  You can try a couple of small pours or get a bigger pour of something if you like.   They have a few trophy wines on the list - maybe left over from the Ritz-Carlton Grill's fantastic list??SERVICE=======Well, it's been mixed.  It's not yet at the level that was the Ritz-Cartlon.   We've gone on the weekend which is less busy since it's in a (super nice) hotel.    Oddly, the service has ranged from wonderful to "where'd they go?"    [[The most peculiar experience was asking a server where something came from and then being told "made in house" for something that you can't really make in house.  Then told the name of a farm that doesn't exist.]]On the whole they are super friendly and each visit has truly been a pleasure.    The atmosphere is much brighter and open than the Rtiz Grill was.  You could have a meeting of suits here or bring your family on the weekend.SUMMARY=========Great food.  Extremely good value for this level of food, wine and service.Cool spot for locals - since it's busy with hotel guests during the week, the weekend makes for a super nice place for locals.
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2011,12/16/2011,56,309,6,8,5>Sunday evening I would have expected to have an empty restaurant, since this place is a bit off the beaten path in a strip mall.   I first was distracted by two things upon entering the restaurant.  I think there was a jam box on the roof of the place.  There was not a speaker in sight, yet I heard the melodic tune of Ms. Donna Summer singing Hot Stuff.  Maybe it was just my delusion that people play that when I get out of my car.  Second, there was a pet store called back door friends whose logo was two cats, arm in arm with a heart between them.  It just gave me a second glance.  I know, I know, back to the restaurant. My friend visiting from NYC and I had a lot of catching up to do.  The waitstaff was very attentive, but never pushed us to order, or complained that we stayed a few hours.  I began with a Mango smoothie, very good, a little bit chunky (and a little bit rock and roll).  We then couldn't decide which appetizer to get, so we got babaghannouj, hummous, and tabbouli.   That was enough to feed us for 3 days, and all was outstanding.  The hummous was smooth and had just the right mix of garlic, lemon, and tahini.    The baba was the best I've ever had.    My friend ordered up Falafel which she reported to be excellent.  As I food stalked her plate, it was a lovely display.  But my eyes had already worked faster than my stomach ordering up Shish Tawook Lemon Oregano.   I had it for 2 additional days as a lunch carry out just to provide a wonderful garlic sauce smell down the hallway to a co-worker who was on my nerves.  We finished off with great conversation and a reminder from my friend that I should skip the coffee, since Arabic coffee would keep me up.  I didn't listen, and the coffee was wonderful.    Unfortunately, I am writing this review from beyond, because I dropped into food coma on the drive home.    Children, go to this restaurant.  It's very good, and you can sit for a spell and catch up with wonderful old friends.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2011,12/15/2011,142,231,4,7,6>Based on the amount of calories I consumed, I was anything BUT a good girl.  But it was completely worth it.  I came here with my family last weekend and thank goodness we all like to dry different things because I got to sample 5 different crepes.   I really couldn't tell you which one was the best, because they were all really good.   I must say that the Good Girl was quite tasty.   Bananas and Nutella make a great pair!  Another highlight was the Pumpkin Crepe.  Get it before it goes away!   Pumpkin and globs of cream cheese made this seasonal menu item a complete hit to my taste buds.For a more savory taste, I really enjoyed the chicken, brie, and sun-dried tomatoes.  Big chunks of chicken with oozing brie blended perfectly together.   Man I wish I could remember the names of these crepes!  I only remember their awesome tastes.I love the unique concept of this restaurant, and the employees are overly nice.     The only improvement I can see is the atmosphere.   It looks more like a lounge than a cafe.  However, it's got a Parisian feel to it and considering we're in Detroit, that's not a big deal.   Great place!
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2011,12/13/2011,137,360,8,12,9>Two things I love. Fantasies. And attics. Places where you dream and places where you conjure memories.  I've been to a fair amount of costume stores, though not lately. My recollection of those ghosts of Christmas past were stores filled with a few wigs and a lot of pre-bagged cheap sexy-nurse costumes. Thank you, FA, for forming a new and improved memory for me. While Fantasy Attic does have some ready-made costumes, they also have so much more than that.  Hats, all colors of ostrich feathers, jewelry, accessories, gloves, masks... gosh you name it. The list is exhaustive. Though the store requires adult supervision for anyone under 18, don't worry, there won't be a giant vulva staring at your child as soon as s/he walks in the door. All naughty things are well-hidden. The service is phenomenal. I've only seen two people working there the few times I've been in and they know ALL of their merch and how to make use of it. They make great suggestions if you're being indecisive or lost in your half-baked vision. Perhaps best of all, they are affordable. Good quality, theatre-grade glitter is around 6 bucks. Fake eyelashes? $3.50. A great hat? 8 bucks. There is also a rental section of the store for more intensive and detailed costumes. I've never browsed through there but it seemed legit. If you want to put all your comrades to shame at their costume party, this would be the place to go and rent something.Go and get an over-night transformation. Hey it's a lot better than plastic surgery! Come under the store's spell. You're getting sleepy.... Very sleeeeepyyyyy...
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2010,12/12/2011,198,632,7,7,7>We tried Rocky's right when they first opened and were decidedly unimpressed.  So much so that we never even considered going back... til I saw Annette's mention of the bread (darn you Annette!).  Bread is a serious weakness of mine, so I had to try it out, sans Ken.The cashier was friendly but no help when I tried to narrow my decision between cracker breaded chicken tenders ('oooh those are good'), the chicken pot pie ('ooh, that's good too but I think we might be out') and the breaded shrimp ('those are good too!').  I finally chose the tenders, but then I needed to pick sides.  And they all sounded good too!Tenders were awesome.  Thick strips of real chicken, served with ranch.  My two sides were roasted potatoes and cucumber salad, plus an extra piece of bread.  The cashier passed me a $2 coupon (love her), and I ate in.  Everything was delicious.I'm ready to take Ken back now.  Now.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,12/10/2011,21,56,7,8,5>I was so mad when the previous KFC at this location closed. Then came Zayeqa replacing my friend chicken diet with a curry diet. The restaurant itself is tiny with 5-6 tables and not a whole lot of room to maneuver around. You know what they say though - little guys can pack hell of a punch. I never dine in but they are a self service restaurant with really friendly owners! I never felt more comfortable walking into a restaurant full of people speaking a foreign tongue. The food at Zayeqa mainly falls under two category, curry and sesame chicken...i mean Mughlai and Chinese!! The menu also include some western options such as burgers, fries and friend chicken. For appetizers, the samosa is a little different. Instead of the excess potato and peas, the chicken samosa is packed with shredded chicken and i can barely taste any potato or peas. Then there is the chicken 65. What is indian cuisine without an item on the menu ending in numbers! I like the rich flavor and the spicy kick of this boneless chicken entree disguising as an appetizer.When it comes to main entree, I highly recommend the tandoori chicken, Khadai chicken and butter chicken. You will be licking you fingers in no time while you search frantically for more naan or rice to go with the curry. One of the few item that ive find odd and have since added it to my do not order list is the beef kofta. They seem to be meat balls soaked in a plain watery gravy. One of the dishes i ordered on my first visit to Zayeqa was the Hakka noodles after reading the reviews. I might have been expecting a little too much but i did not find grounds for the noodle's raving praises. It was a little bland with a greasy after taste to it. The sze chuan chicken and chicken manchurian on the other hand definitely deserves a honorable mention. My tummy loves the food while my wallet like the prices, so i see no reason to complain. Ultimately i had to forgive zayeqa and give up the grudge against them for replacing my stress relieving KFC.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,12/9/2011,107,244,3,5,4>Sigh... Good-bye skinny jeans.  I am in love.I have ordered food from El Guanaco three days in a row.  Everything that I have ordered from there has been exceptional.  The prices can't be beat, the employees are friendly and my tummy and taste buds are always happy when I get done eating.  The plantains are perfectly caramelized and served with savory beans and the ever delicious sour cream.  The masa dumplings are so fantasitcally addictive.  The crisp outer coat, the creamy inner layer and the meat center is worth an extra hour on the treadmill.  I prefer the beef, but I wouldn't turn down the chicken either.  The tacos are overflowing with perfectly seasoned meat.  At a buck twenty-five a pop, I may never visit another Taco Bell again.  And the papusas?  I really don't know if I could accurately summarize the amazing treasure nestled in those corn patties.So why no fifth star?  Because 90% of the time my order is missing something.  It doesn't matter if they're filled to capacity, or if this gringa is the only person in the place, something almost always manages to get left out.  I know that they are a newer establishment, and they are (for the most part) busy... but it's something worth mentioning.Scrape your change together and head over to El Guanaco for a truly satisfying meal.  Just remember to check your bag before you leave.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,12/8/2011,53,73,,7,6>Ya come to Eddies for the experience. The food is not horrible, but far from fine cuisine. The girls on roller skates, the classic cars, the whole lost drive-in and eat experience is pretty cool. Plus it brings people from all over Metro Detroit to my humble small town of Harrison Township.I have come to Eddies for many years, and if it was horrible, this place would have perished a long time ago. I will fill you in on what I ate last Saturday.My meal was the chicken pita. The chicken was nicely grilled, a real piece of chicken breast and must have been marinated because it was quite tasty. The pita bread was soft, and a little crisp on the outside just like I like.Instead of fries, I actually like the Pepper Jack Cheese Sticks. They are different than your average cheese sticks, not only because of the cheese, but because of the shape and texture. They are rectangular in shape and only about 2 inches long, bite size. I do quite like them.Root Beer to drink. All served by a friendly waitress. We saw a few classic cars too, on a Saturday afternoon. Come here in the evenings on the weekends and you will feel like you are at a car show. Keep it up, Eddies! An East Side mainstay :)
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,12/7/2011,196,355,3,10,7>Stopped by here yesterday after visiting Motor City Java House and picked up some miniature (2" diameter) pies -- sweet potato, lemon chess, and pecan.  Did this based on a recommendation from a friend, even though I'm not much of a pie fan.  The reason I'm not generally a big pie fan is the crust.  It always seems dry or slightly burned or doughy or... something not quite right.  But Sweet Potato Sensations crust is delicious!  My guess is that this means they use lard in their crust, which is fine by me.  Now, for the fillings.  Sweet potato - good; not too sweet, light and fluffy.  Pecan - good; sweet and nutty without being goopy at all.  Lemon chess - out of this friggin' world! - beautiful custard texture, lemony without the slightest acidity.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2011,12/6/2011,39,12,7,12,7>Good food to warm your soul, just like the stuff from your mama's kitchen. If she was Salvadorian...and a phenomenal cook.As I walked into the place with my girlfriend we observed several telling signs that suggested we were about to fall in love with the Pupuseria.- Was the place a total dive? Check.- Did we hear a lot of Spanish being spoken? Check.- Did our server just hand us the menu while she had her baby on her shoulder? Check.- Is the really Season 1 of Project Runway playing on their TV? Check.Ok..Maybe we're just a bit strange...Apart from the homely atmosphere of the place, the food was absolutely divine. The papusas were fantastic. The bread was crisp and delicious. I tried the cheese papusa and the one with pork and cheese. They were a tad bland for me but paired with the cole slaw and hot sauce it was lovely. (I have an attachment to these also because they remind me of the Indian bread called parathas. They are similarly stuffed and a must try if you can get your hands on them.)If you need to remember one thing about Pupuseria though just remember this - platanos fritas con crema. Fried plantains with beans and cream. The crowning glory of their menu and the entire reason I was dying to visit the place. Glorious is all I can say. Pan fried to caramelize their exteriors, they look almost as amazing as they taste. This was another thing that hit really close to home for me. Plantains are a specialty of South Indian (Kerala) cuisine and as I bit into them I felt pretty close to home. Fantastic, fantastic, fantastic. Tips - - The place can be a little hard to locate. Check out some of the pictures taken by your friendly neighborhood Yelpers and look out for the sign when you're close.- The service was a little slow. But if you're read any of my other reviews you know that doesn't faze me. If the food makes up for it, deal with it.- When you're paying your check ask for how much change you want back. Communication can be issue and I ended up tipping a little more than I had planned. Then again the food was divine and I didn't care!- CASH ONLY!
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,12/5/2011,62,61,2,9,7>Detroit rock shows!  I have recently moved to Ann Arbor and do not own a vehicle so I was pumped to have a friend offer me a ride to Detroit to see a show at PJ's Lager House.  I absolutely love beat up rock clubs and the Lager House totally fits the bill. Cheap beer and drinks, band stickers and posters littering the walls, sweaty tattooed rock show people - it is perfect.The Lager House is unique in that it has two stages in two separate rooms. It was like the bands were switch hitting - everyone shuffled from one room to the other as the bands took their turns.  If you are sitting at the guitar pick laden bar, there is a TV showing the band in the other room. PJ's Lager House also has a kitchen!  I didn't order anything but the menu looked great.  I'll keep it in mind for the next time I'm in town and make an effort to come early before a show.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2011,12/4/2011,263,468,4,7,7>So, I emailed the temple about some questions and the Abbot of MBMC wrote me back.  " Thank you so much for visiting our temple Sunday market and hope you will bring your friends with you this coming Sunday. I would like to answer your questions that our Sunday market is for raising fund for the temple and most of food stalls are Our Thai members and restaurant owners who volunteers their time to prepare food and serve as well. Most of the proceed are donated to the temple. Your tokens are your donation to the temple. By the way , those pencils were just give away for going back to school. We try to make our Sunday market to be place for summer gathering for everyone who may enjoy Thai food for the good cost . Our up coming event will be on Oct. 2 for Sunday market and Oct. 16 is going to be special Loy Kratong in the afternoon from 1 pm - 6 pmwith food market and some performance by children. We are great appreciate of your interest and feed back. We are welcome suggestions and about MEE KROP I will ask my members for you."And to my suprise he got a member to make me Mee Krob!!!!  And for three bucks.  I am sooooo thankful and elated.They have an election coming up, and we were invited to join the Thai American Association.This time I got to try the satay...yummmm.  Also, had the beef and pork jerky (from different vendors, I prefer the pork that comes in the styrofoam), thai cookies/candy, thai iced coffee, chicken curry puffs, and lettuce filled with lime, toasted coconut, ginger and dried shrimp (reminded me of bite size delight from PS Bangkok in Chicago).
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,12/3/2011,182,168,3,6,7>Just had the best lunch here today. My experience may have been positively influenced since my fiancée surprised me by coming to downtown to take me out to lunch... so I was already in a great mood. :)But honestly, this was a really good bang for the buck place with AMAZINGLY DELICIOUS and flavorful Middle Eastern and American food (gourmet sliders and hot dogs).The fishbowl atmosphere with tall windows all around and fresh mint plants near the window ledges really gives this bar/ restaurant a homey feel. Food is counter service (which i love!) so just order and sit and wait for them to bring it out :)I got the Chicken Shawarma Salad, it was HUGE! Only ate half, saving half for dinner. Never have I bought a salad with more meat than veggies! But this place has it. The chicken is tender, juicy, marinated really well with garlic, lemon and paprika. The salad was already lightly tossed in dressing and it was perfect, with red onion, tomato, cucumber, green pepper and pita chips mmmm! Also got a small hummus plate was lemony and tart, just the way I like, however I wish they gave a tad more for $4.... there's never enough hummus! My fiancée got a Chicken Shawarma - the BIGGEST shawarma I've seen for right around $4. Complimentary garlic sauce with meals.... as many as you want?! Heck ya! Washing it all down with a nice Summer Shandy.... what could be better?Unfortunately, then I had to go to class... but lunch at Bucharest Grill, made my day!!
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,12/1/2011,70,153,10,10,10>Well, here we go-Yelp Resale Shopping: Extreme Edition!!   I have a "unique" sense of decor and a refusal to cough up designer scratch for my quirky finds. This demands copious garage and estate sale-ing, flea-marketing, and thrifting, and I've gluttonously indulged these passions all across our great, junk-laden land.  Seasoned as I am, one magical day some years ago I walked into a nondescript place on Schoenherr in Warren and just about passed clean out.  I distinctly remember the breath being sucked out of my chest as my peepers struggled to take in the largest assemblage of objects I'd ever seen, let alone for sale.  Standing there agape, my mind stuttered, its circuitry blown. Eventually the shock subsided and I was able to delve in and begin exploring.Imagine thousands of estate sales piled on top of each other as far as the eye can see.   Upon entering, you'll see a ton o' things sitting outside, though the lion's share is in the building on the left.  There's another one at the back right (through a fenced area) that some people don't know is part of this emporium. There are main aisles with offshoots, though many passageways that once were traversable are too clogged with stuff now to get through.   Furniture, tools, art, household items, electronics, clothing, all manner of everything.  As if all this is not enough, the fabulous Mary is the undisputed queen of her domain and she reigns as such.  ALWAYS put things back where you got them from-she will KNOW and never forget!  Nothing is priced-you either take the things to her to talk price or bring her to it if it's big.   Don't haggle too much-remember who is the queen!  I've seen slick dealer-types try to get over on her only to be sent packing with their tail between their legs amidst a torrent of verbal abuse!  Though Mary is a quirky character of a certain age, she's smart as a whip and takes no crap.  Tax is figured in her head after you agree on a price, and be ready with a figure from jump-she often starts by asking what you want to pay.  She often is very fair though, and I've found some wonderful treasures here for a steal. I adore this woman.  When I was younger, Mary would sometimes make me tell her why I needed a particular item and if my reason wasn't up to snuff she'd say "What do you need this for save your money!" and refuse the sale!  Once I was browsing in the sun at her place when I suddenly began to faint for real, an unknown side effect of some meds I was on.  This was before cell phones, so she had me stay there with her til I felt well enough to drive home.  Spending several hours with Mary in her palace o' stuff is something I shan't soon forget, and I'll always be grateful for her kindness.  After caring for me all day, she said "Don't tell anybody I was nice I'll get a bad reputation!"   Normally I would not think twice about giving this junky wonderland five stars, as I'd easily road trip across many states to experience this gem and here it is in our backyard.  The only drawback is the ever-growing olfactory assault.  Along with some serious musty smells, she has taken to feeding area cats and the liquid emitted therefrom has permeated certain areas to the point that I'm worried some of the stuff is unsellable.   For years I've kept this place a closely guarded secret-for a long time there was no signage out front at all.   So there ya go-if you're up for adventure, here's a wild corner of the world.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2011,11/30/2011,69,416,,12,6>You might have heard your parents or grandparents use the phrase "putting on the dog." And you probably sort of know what it means. People say "I don't like puttin' on the dog." They don't like phony ostentatious displays. They don't like going to restaurants just to see the rich and famous or to be seen. I am told that this slang phrase is based in Victorian England when the most rare and expensive leather was actually made our of the skins of dogs, hence "puttin' on the dog" referred to dressing up to appear wealthy and elite. So when we had a planned family dinner at Roast, I was concerned that this was one of those trendy places that places the image of the restaurant over the food they serve.   I prefer good food to "puttin' on the dog."Well, my concerns were unnecessary ones as our visit to Roast was not one of just "puttin' on the dog." Yes, it was not cheap. Yes, this is probably a place that some well healed (sorry about the repeat pun) local celebs might frequent. Yes, it is owned by the celebrity chef Michael Symon that you might have seen on the food TV shows. And yes, the menu is fairly sophisticated and this is not a place to get hot dogs, hamburgers or fries. But it was not ostentatious. People were wearing anything from business suits and nice dresses to tee-shirts and shorts. But most importantly, the food was great and the service was flawless. We were seven for dinner and as such we had the opportunity to try quite a few of the items on the menu, compare notes and taste a lot. While we were waiting for our appetizers they served a some sliced breads. Unfortunately, these were pretty uninspiring and I think a restaurant of this caliber should serve really exciting breads. They missed on that score. I ordered the marrow as an appetizer and it was great. It was rich and well seasoned and even though the amount they serve you is relatively small, it was so rich, I doubt I could have eaten more, It was served with red onions and sliced jalapenos, with toast points and with lemon wedges to cut the richness of the marrow, should you desire to do that. That appetizer gets 5 stars in my opinion. Then I had the rib eye served with blue cheese melted on top of lightly grilled Bermuda onions. This was prime stuff to be sure. Another 5 star dish. We opted for drinks in lieu of wine. I took a long look at the extensive wine list and decided not to break the bank on the wine. The list was creative and extensive, but unfortunately, the average price of a bottle was over the top in my opinion and it meant I skipped the wine which is something I rarely do. Instead some of us had cocktails and others ordered soft drinks and beers; either on tap or bottled. Those prices were much more reasonable. While I mentioned that I had the marrow as an appetizer, others ordered sweetbreads, beef cheek pierogis, chopped salads and fresh beet soup. Everyone loved what they ordered. That course was very satisfying. The entrees were varied as well. Roast serves a "Beast of the day" and today it was roast suckling pig. One of us ordered that and he said it was perfect. It was served with a spicy dressing and he loved it. Others ordered the fillet mignon, the NY strip, the pan seared halibut and the seared duck breast. The entrees got similar accolades as the appetizers did. We decided to try a bunch of the side dishes too and we just shared them all. We had the famous fried Brussel sprouts, the spinach and feta au gratin casserole, the mac and cheese and the whipped potatoes. All were superb. I thought the spinach and feta dish was the best of the bunch though. Symon's Greek roots definitely shined through on that dish and we inhaled it. We had a few desserts and some coffees. The most popular dessert at our table was a pretzel and beer ice cream that was served with foamed caramel sauce. It was very good. Overall, I would say that the desserts are not the best items on the menu and the selection was very limited. If you have a sweet tooth, this is probably not a place for you. The coffee was so-so as well. As previously mentioned our server was great. She paid just the right amount of attention and took good care of us. The atmosphere is modern trendy, but the lighting is soft and the restaurant is properly acoustically treated so that conversation was practical and we were not drowned out by surrounding tables. The damages including tip and tax for seven of us with inexpensive drinks came to a bit over $ 500, so this was not cheap but not ridiculous either. What would it take to get Roast up to 5 starts? Maybe a more balanced wine list with quite a few more bottles under $ 40.00. Most seemed to average around $ 100.00. I think the desert menu needs some help too. And it would have been nice if the meal started with some nicer hand crafted breads. This is not the kind of place you go every week, but I am sure we will find our way back to Roast.
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2011,11/29/2011,132,325,8,9,10>i can't really say much when the place has over 100 reviews.all i can give is my experience.my table of four had scallops, rabbit, lamb chops and the duck.  we split the mushrooms on toast with duck eggs and mushrooms with leeks for an appetizer.  everything exceeded our expectations and made me happier than any meal has in quite a long time.the toast with mushrooms may have been my favorite of the whole meal.  wow!  so velvety.  so lovely.  i could have 5 servings for dinner.my scallops where the best i have had in the detroit area in longer than i could remember.  the duck, perfection.  the lamb, also the best i have had and the meatiest.  the rabbit, was heaven.  a roasted thing of delight.i enjoyed the meal so much that i can't fault the waiter much, but i would like a little better service when i spend 100 dollars a couple.besides that, i can't really fault them.  A+love, juston
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2011,11/28/2011,252,310,5,9,8>Royal Oak used to house a sorry excuse of a barbecue place, not too long ago. A disgrace to barbecue that was known as Memphis Smoke. They thought dimming the lights, playing music, and sprucing up the bar would keep people coming back. Well, it did for awhile, but fortunately the carnivores of an economically slumping metro Detroit has "smoked" em' out o' there. Thus RO has given birth to a place worthy of being called a down home barbecue joint. Lockhart's. Where friendly service and jalapeño pickles are served for free. Ah, if only the BBQ was free.My 1/2 chicken and 1/4 slab ribs meal was very filling. The half chicken was tender, seasoned well, and the house sauces were AWESOME to dip into. The ribs were tender, and fell of the bones nicely - though not the best in the world (but after eating the worst BBQ in RO before, I am not so greedy to expect the best there either). My sides of mac & cheese and beans were modest portions so as to not take away from the meal (though it is saddening to not have leftovers). My girlfriend's brisket and pulled pork meal was delectable. So tender, so juicy, and the brisket was tender, yet firm enough with a nice fatty outer layer. Very good. All the meats had an excellent dry rub, safe for all, and the house sauces guaranteed to come in a flavor that will please your unique palate.My only significant complaint I have is that cornbread is a side you can only select as one of your 2 sides to the meal. I feel that a BBQ joint should serve cornbread by default, and then let you choose 2 sides in addition to that. The default bread without using up one of your 2 sides was just plain white or wheat sliced grocery store bread. This was a disappointment, but tolerable.Overall, this spot to me ranks as one of the solid go-to BBQ joints in metro Detroit. Not everyone has the time or patience to wait in line down at Slow's for the classic and somewhat overrated Detroit BBQ, and often we want a little nicer interior look and feel for dine-in than Lazybone's can offer (which in my opinion is the best value/carry out BBQ in metro Detroit). I highly recommend this place. Good riddance to Memphis Smoke!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2011,11/27/2011,215,177,7,6,6>Once I asked a friend (native NY'er) why pizza slices were so big in NYC. He replied, "So you can fold it and eat it with one hand while fending off muggers with the other."While the slices here are not quite that big, they are close. They are also delicious.  NYC Pizza easily slides into my top 3 favorite pizza joints here in Michigan.  You might know of my penchant for "so thin it can strut down a runway" crusts.  NYC's crust fits the bill nicely, with a bit of char and a crispy bottom. Why thank you, brick oven. The trick is not to overload your pizza--an easy (or not!) task given the vast array of toppings.  Ok, I'll admit to being a pizza snob. I'm still waiting for a joint to open in MI that offers eggplant and squash blossoms as topping choices, buuut I can make do.  Especially when NYC offers you THREE different kinds of FRESH mushrooms!!!(picks jaw up off the floor)Among the other toppings offered are roasted garlic, baby spinach, fontina cheese and more than one kind of colored pepper.  Yeah, I can make do!Because we took advantage of their scandalous $20 for 2 large pizzas with 2 toppings each deal, I picked only one kind of 'shroom (portabella) and paired it with goat cheese.  Simply delicious! The chevre's tang set off the mushroom's meatiness nicely.  My fella got pepperoni and black olives on his 'za--the pepp was indeed peppy and the olives vibrantly salty. The toppings were lightly swaddled in a zesty sauce.Apparently they rotate a series of wickedly affordable specials, so keep checking their website.In the meantime, I'll keep checking back in to create my next yummy pie!
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2011,11/26/2011,81,147,3,11,4>My husband and I went to the Dakota Inn last night with a group of friends for his Birthday.  My husband has been to Germany multiple times, he speaks German, I am currently learning it and we are backpacking through Germany, Austria, and Czech Republic this year.  So, we were super excited when we found out about the Dakota Inn and it did not disappoint.  The area around the Dakota Inn is somewhat questionable, but more power to the 80+ year-old restaurant for staying at its original location.  We were unsure what to think from the fenced in parking lot and shabby, old building, however after walking in we were amazed!  We immediately knew that this place was going to be a treasure.We ordered the cheese and meat board as an appetizer, both the Gouda and sausage were quality.  I was really surprised by how original the Reuben soup was and it was subtler than I expected when I think of what a Reuben tastes like.  My husband had the salad with house bacon dressing, which he really enjoyed (I was not a fan of the dressing, however I don't like hot dressings).  We also had the potato pancakes, knackwurst, bratwurst, sauerkraut, red kraut, and jager schnitzel.  All of the food was good, however I would suggest the potato pancakes and red kraut-those were my favorites. Not only was the food very good, but the atmosphere was such a fun time!  There was a man playing traditional German songs on the piano while they posted the words for sing-alongs on the wall! Our waitress spoke some German so Joel and I were able to work on our conversation skills for our upcoming trip.  The atmosphere and food were very authentic and my husband compared it to a smaller version of the Hofbrauhaus (and he has been there multiple times).  We will definitely return to the Dakota Inn. I always respect restaurants that stick to their cultural food roots and offer a genuine experience for customers.The only warning I have is that the food is authentic German; you will not find anything healthy and the vegetarian options are sparse.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2010,11/25/2011,267,274,8,11,6>Oh the shame!!!!! I am sure you are asking "But Sarah...what shame are you referring too...especially since I already see that you have given this establishment 5 stars". The shame my friends is that places like Just Baked*, Cup.Cake** and The Cupcake Station*** have a physical location and this place does not. Right now Pink Elephants is just selling out of their home (you can have them deliver but there is a delivery charge) and Plum Market (they deliver their cupcakes on Tuesdays and Fridays). If you have read some of my past reviews you know that I am a cupcake addict. I have sampled cupcakes from all over the United States and I feel like I have enough experience to refer to myself as an "expert". The cupcake market in Michigan is lacking. Every time a new place opens I get so excited just to be seriously let down after the first bite. Today...that all changed. I got my ass kicked in a pilates class and figured I deserved a cupcake (don't judge). I knew that the cupcakes only got delivered 2 days a week and the ones I was buying were a few days old...but they looked so delicous I just had to pick up a 4 pack! I grabbed some of their signature pink elephant cupcakes. They are vanilla cake with pink buttercream vanilla frosting and hot pink sprinkles. Keep in mind these cupcakes were a few days old...and still...they were AMAZING. The cake was still extremely moist, fluffy and sweet and the buttercream....oh the buttercream. It was perfection. None of the current Michigan cupcake places have figured out their buttercream and this was PER-FECT. The Cupcake Mayor of Michigan (yes thats me) is totally ready to give Pink Elephant Cupcakes the key to the city. Thats how great they are!I really really really hope that someday in the near future Pink Elephant opens up a physical location. I also really hope that it is very close to me (*cough* *cough* royal oak, birmingam, ferndale). Until then I will totally be hitting up Plum Market for my cupcake fix. ------------------------------------------*Just Baked: yelp.com/biz/just-baked-  yelp.com/biz/just-baked-**cup . cake: yelp.com/biz/cup-cake-ro***Cupcake Station: yelp.com/biz/cupcake-sta
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2011,11/24/2011,68,72,,9,8>Rub a dub dub,Three men in a tub,And who do you think they be?The coder, the crafter,The wannabe maker.Turn them out, knaves all three.You'll find nerds of all shapes and sizes here- and that's a great thing!  If you have a project in mind but don't have the equipment, it's a pretty safe bet this place does.  When you're a member you'll have access to woodworking equipment, silk screening, cricut machines, soldering stations, and a small chemistry lab.  What's more is that you'll be able to pick the brains of the other weirdos that work there, adding infinite layers of expertise on your project.i3Detroit offers some fun events throughout the year as well- I recently attended a metalcasting workshop, where we learned the absolute basics of pouring a cheap metal cast.  There've been ice carving classes, electronics events, and most recently a home landscaping workshop.  It's definitely an interesting afternoon when you stop in here to learn something new.Address is 1481 Wordsworth, Ferndale, MI 48220, in the industrial section on the east side of Ferndale.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,11/23/2011,297,101,12,11,8>Contrary to popular belief, I'm not automatically against popular/trendy destinations. What I'm against are over-hyped places that don't deliver basics such as good service, good prices, or good food. I'm not a bandwagon jumper.I only say that because I am totally going to jump on the Toast bandwagon. This place rocks.The service is impeccable. Every time I've been here, I've been treated with total respect as well as very efficient, friendly, and consistent service. Once I came here and it was extremely busy and they made sure our wait was as comfortable as possible with frequent progress updates and free coffee. I came here once with my picky son and the waitress was totally awesome in explaining some of the menu choices to him.But even exemplary service will only get you so far. That's okay--Toast delivers in other areas too.The food is sublime.The star of the show is the Toast, of course, of which they have several varieties. The challah toast is incredible, but their "standard" toasts are also excellent. They use good, fresh bread, and they Toast it to perfection. Their breakfast dishes are all unique and very classy. You are sure to find unique and quirky dishes on the specials menu; such as a Reuben potato cake (shredded potatoes formed into a cake, stuffed with corned beef and sauerkraut, with a bit of Russian dressing on top). It's like breakfast meets a mad scientist. My kind of gig.But let me dedicate a special paragraph solely to the sorcery that is Aunt Leola's Biscuits and Gravy. Rarely do I get that eye-opening "I've never tasted this before" feeling. It's immediate, and it comes over me in waves. I close my eyes, and stop chewing, and for a brief moment, I touch food enlightenment. I can count on one hand the number of times this has happened to me at restaurants. Well, friends, it happened here. There is some secret ingredient (Lemon, perhaps?) in Aunt Leola's biscuits. I don't want to know. It could be Aunt Leola's used denture cream and I wouldn't care. What I do know is that these are like no biscuits and gravy I've ever had before, and I want them rubbed all over my body.The eggs are perfectly scrambled, the toast is perfectly toasty, the everything is perfectly everything. I freaking love this place.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2010,11/22/2011,72,72,3,11,4>The best Thai food in the Detroit area is located in a strip mall in the distant suburb of Shelby Twp.  I know it seems impossible -  I never thought Shelby Twp. had the best of ANYTHING, let alone Thai food!  (sorry Shelby Twp!)  But lo and behold, here we are.Khom Fai has a simple concept:  fresh, delicious, authentic Thai food.  Their menu is written in plain English, which is a bit different from most other Thai restaurants.  Pad Thai is Pad Thai, but you will see entrees such as Pad Basil and Pad Ginger.  The Thai names are still there next to the English ones, but I can tell the menu is designed to be accessible to newcomers and veterans alike.The interior of the restaurant has a modern rustic decor, punctuated by hanging paper lanterns that are a clever reference to the fire lanterns from which Khom Fai gets its name.  Overall it feels really clean and comfortable.I went here with my girlfriend, and we ordered the Fried Tofu, Summer Rolls, Pad Basil with Tofu, and Pad Thai with Tofu.  I ordered a Diet Coke, and my server asked if I would like Coke Zero instead.  I thought he was kidding so I asked him if they really had Zero in their soda fountain, and he assured me they did.  How cool is that?  They have Diet Coke too, but I prefer Zero.  When we got our appetizers, the summer rolls were absolutely amazing.  They tasted extremely fresh, like they were just picked right off of the summer roll tree.  I circled the building later, but I couldn't find any evidence of any such tree.The Pad Thai was absolutely the BEST PAD THAI EVER!!!11  Seriously.  I'm used to feeling real heavy after I eat a full plate of Pad Thai, but this time was different.  I felt satisfied, but not super heavy.  I also noticed that there wasn't a pool of greasy sauce left over on the plate when I was finished.  All of the sauce had been absorbed into the noodles, leaving nothing behind.  It wasn't all watered down and gross like some of the lesser Thai places I've been to.I want to take a moment to mention the spice level of everything here... It is significantly lower than what I am used to.  So I would recommend ordering a spice level higher than you normally do.  The first time I came here, I ordered my Pad Thai mild.  On subsequent visits, I ordered it medium and it was perfect.  I found the spice level to be very consistent from visit to visit.Overall I was very pleased with my experience at Khom Fai.  I live pretty far away from this place, but I am willing to make the 20+ mile drive just to get Thai food this delicious.  I can only hope that they open another location closer to my house!
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,11/21/2011,34,77,,8,5>I live right down the street from Pampered Pooch and was extremely excited when they put up a sign a few months ago letting everyone know that they would be opening and charging only $25 for any size Dog or Cat. I just returned from taking Duggan in for a bath, nail clipping and ear cleaning. Everyone was very friendly. They accepted Duggan as a "walk in". Total turn around time was about 90 minutes. For $25 he was as clean and happy as the place that charges $40-50. The price point brought us in, the service will bring us back. Thanks for offering value in a time where money is tight for everyone.
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,11/20/2011,376,267,,11,9>Cocktails are held to a high precedence here.  Maraschino cherries are made from scratch; as are the various cocktail components such as house made syrups and bitters. Cocktails are infused with fresh herbs, fresh rinds shaved from fresh oranges. They have little dropper bottles with various custom ingredients in them. When the bartender is at work, it appears they are making some magic potion. It's surreal to watch.  For cocktails taken to this level of artistry, I'll wait the extra couple minutes for it to be made. They have a punch bowl that holds the punch of the evening. Walking in, is like stepping into another era...the lavish chandeliers, velvet tall backed Victorian style chairs, the dark walls & beautifully ornate wood carved bar stools all add to this feeling that you're not in Kansas anymore. (Ok, Ferndale ;) ) It's elegant, romantic & very luscious. Don't ask me how a place can be luscious. It just IS! Ha...They only seat people as seats become available. So if you have a party of 6 and there are 5 seats, you have to wait. This could be frustrating with a large group, I'd imagine. They don't let people just hover behind the bar. I think it's good that they run this way. Why? Well these cocktails aren't coming from the "Coyote Ugly" -light the bar on fire & pass out "shooters" mentality. You aren't pushing your way up to the bar only to wait to that moment where you get the bartender's attention. I like that. Keeps it more civil. Sophisticated, like the cocktails.The Oakland is on the other end of the spectrum. There's a sophistication and an insistence on appreciation of the craft of cocktail making. There's a great integrity in that gesture and I respect that greatly. I highly recommend the "On the Night You Were Born" or the punch. Each cocktail is $9. Even if you just go for one, it's worth every penny for the unique experience of cocktails taken to another level.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,11/19/2011,794,350,7,4,5>How many tv's can you fit into one bar? How many licks does it take to get to the tootsie roll? The answers are a ton, and one!We met up with friends who had suggested this place. The name sounds like some old damp dusky seedy bar. I had visons of three foot smoke marks along the wall from the ceiling. Toothless patrons with peg legs and hooks for hands saying AARRRR! This place was far from it. It had a family feeling and warm friendly service. Oh, did I mention the tv's? We sat next to one that was so large I think I got sunburned. I was torn between what to eat. I asked the waitress for suggestions. Her recommendation was the totally awesome(as she said) Fish and Chips. Well, when in a fishing town, do fish. This was without a doubt the best Fish and Chips I had eaten. The fish was tasty, the breading was not too thick or too thin. The fries were good, hot, nothing special. Take it from Burger Boy, try the fish and chips! They have a Fish Fry Friday that sells out and the line is out the door. They have actually run out of fish it goes so fast(so they tell me).
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2010,11/18/2011,151,367,5,8,8>This completes my trifecta of Shangri-La reviews.  Just like in horse racing, there is a clear 1st, 2nd and 3rd place for each location of this well-known Chinese restaurant.  And the clear winner (no photo finish needed) is Shangri-La Midtown!  The reason why this location is the clear-cut winner?  Ummm, Hello?  Dim Sum (Hell, I want some now!)  The Shangri-La name is known for its Dim Sum, and I am super glad to see it being served at this location and served well!  After a few indulgent feasts consisting of their Dim Sum, I am quite certain that their Dim Sum tops the West Bloomfield location, along with most of the Dim Sum I had in Chinatown in NYC (now, that's saying a lot).  My favorites include the shrimp dumplings, the scallop dumpling thing, shrimp wrapped in fried bean curd and the curried baby squid.  Accompany this feast with some Chinese broccoli and hot tea...now you have a fantastic meal!  I have yet to try the sushi, but I imagine its pretty good if its anything like their Shangri-La Garden location...however I expect it be pricey, as it is at the aforementioned location.  They also have a Thai menu, an impressive drink menu and bubble tea.  The bubble tea was decent here, not the best as the tapioca balls were of an interesting consistency, kinda hard and almost too chewy vs. the softer consistency I prefer.  Other reasons that this location is pure win:  Great service.  Our server was nice and attentive.  We also received a super warm welcome when we first got into the restaurant and a sweet send-off when leaving.  They also boast some great happy hour and drink specials that I know I will just have to check out some time real soon!
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2010,11/17/2011,188,247,5,9,7>I was on a quest for enlightenment. I went to Evie's looking for tamales, but found something much more. I was told by many that Evie's had some of the better tamales in Detroit's Mexican Town. I was afraid that it was to close to the touristy area of M-town to have even a chance of having good food. I was wrong. Although I never did get a chance to try any tamales, I dove into Evie's lunch special of the day, Carnitas and forgot what a tamale was. Carnitas is a succulent piece of pork that has been marinated and then slow roasted to perfection. Evies serves you up to of these boneless gems each about the size of a softball. The crusty skin explodes with flavor. The best way to enjoy the carnitas is to pull the pork and place a large amount into the warm folds of a corn tortilla. This is something that needs to be experienced. top it off with some salsa if you wish, but it isn't needed. The lunch special also came with rice and beans that were pretty much the same as every other rice and refried beans you've ever had. Do yourself a favor; skip the rice and beans and you'll save a few dollars on your lunch, but you'll still be plenty full. Some day I'll get back to Evie's to try their tamales, but for now Evie's is my go-to restaurant to get carnitas.
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2011,11/16/2011,140,496,8,7,5>I'm sure on successive visits, this place will hit a 5, but let I just say WOW.Had a chance to check this place out after dinner with some friends.  SHA-TILA.  I just love saying the name of this place.AMBIANCE- This place is really nice.  They have a two cash counters- one for ice cream, and one for baked goods.  Once you get your goodies, there is open seating in the middle, and the place has decorated palm trees in the middle.  I was definitely digging the vibe of this place.SERVICE- the people at the counter were very friendly, and were helpful in helping navigate all of the different baked goods that they had.MENU/FOOD- I cant' even begin to tell you all of the different types of pastries and desserts that they had here.  It's kind of like the matrix- you just have to experience it for yourself.I ended up getting some mango ice cream, and two desserts.  One was a deep fried dough pocket covered with honey, and filled with cream, and the other was phyllo dough filled with the same cream.  Everything was good.OVERALL- go to this place.  We went on a Thursday night, so it wasn't too busy, but I have to imagine this place gets ridiculous over the weekend.  The place is cheap and delicious.  Why are you still reading this review- GO.Celebrity Rating- Johnny Drama
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,11/15/2011,159,92,3,8,8>Eddie is the best deal in town for alterations. He is so fast, that most of the time I drop off jeans to be hemmed with the original hem put back on and he says I can come back in 1 hour! I just go on Saturday and run to the farmers market for a few. He has even finished jeans for me immediately. I went out to the parking lot and made a 20 minute phone call and he was done! He is so nice, and so is his wife who works with him. If he asks you when you want your alterations done (depending on how complicated) you can tell him the same day or the next day if you want and he will do it. He has never made a mistake on anything I've given him either, which is really nice. I've been to plenty of tailors that have hemmed my jeans unevenly or just haphazardly sewn something I've asked to be taken in. You can definitely trust Eddie!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2011,11/14/2011,504,642,6,5,5>When Hedwig strutted out in her translucent, swishy taffeta skirt and decried the Ringwald as a cheap storefront theatre, we all laughed. But I make a point to never trust the opinion of East German transvestites about theatre venues for good reason. Two words: Soviet architecture.Chances are you've strolled by the Ringwald Theatre on the way to other venues along Woodward Avenue, like the WAB or Como's. Situated inside the large white Ferndale office building, the front curtained windows allude to a secret world isolated from the fabulous crowds. Coy glimpses might come through the open doors where lines queued for their chance to escape from sultry summer nights or humdrum, day to day routines. The Ringwald is a venue I've meant to visit practically since coming to Ferndale, and the Yelp! Culture Club finally afforded me the opportunity for a premiere debut of "Hedwig and the Angry Inch." The Ringwald may not be the size of the Detroit Opera House or the Fox. Productions might not have the budget of the Chicago Theatre. A passionate, committed staff and brilliant, sometimes ludicrous performers bring out the joie de vivre of theatre, striking to the soul, pulling you along without sacrificing quality.Perfectly suited for our lovely, artsy community, the excellent choice of "Hedwig" transformed the interior black box-style theatre into a stage for Hedwig, who in classic Eddie Izzard-esque transvestite style, looked better in a bustier and heeled boots than girls often do. A dedicated set crew flung up lame and sequin-spangled bolts on the walls, and the projected images showed montages of music videos and stills to support the play in one long, glorious act. A few technical difficulties hardly interrupted upon a fascinating show, which featured plenty of audience interaction and laughter. The intimacy of the space works greatly in the Ringwald's benefit to draw in even reluctant viewers. About my only complaint was a distinct need for earplugs (for sale for $1, if you didn't bring them), but I was sitting second row, center. Why do I love Detroit and her suburbs? Reasons like the Ringwald. Intimate places flower with creativity and flourish in the loving embrace of their surrounding community. The Ringwald is for Ferndale, by Ferndale, of Ferndale; so many other sites also benefit from this wholesome symbiosis. My first flirtation satisfied my curiosity and deepened the enchantment out of puppy love into something more matured, like a good wine. I want my second taste.And I want Hedwig's sexy tresses, dammit. Thank you, Ringwald, and thank you, Annette!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,11/13/2011,272,268,6,14,9>This restaurant is definitely awesome!  I walked in the restaurant and there was only one other table taken at the time - Sunday at 12:30.  I told the waitress I was expecting about 7 people and she immediately went into action and put two tables together (side by side like a box), added chairs and place settings and sat me down.  Asked me if I wanted anything to drink and so I ordered a cup of coffee.  While I sat and waited for family members to arrive I looked around.  Clean, the staff are respectful of each other, and the food she served to the other table looked delicious!  Yum.....  Finally, the family arrived - 5 adults, one 10 year old, and one 4 year old.  She gave us a few minutes to chitty chat and look at the menu.  We ordered 2 specials and 1 combination for 2 people!  OMG - the food she brought was amazing.  Starting off with the garlic dipping sauce and salads, the fatoosh was great - I don't know how you could do better = A; then came the main meals.  Chicken Schwarma, Chicken kabob, Chicken kafta, beef kafta, beef kabobs, baked kibbe, grape leaves, falafel - OMG it was a non-stop feast along with plenty of rice!!!  My daughter-in-law took a lot of food home with her and I took some with me - I fed on that food for 4 additional meals!  And, with each meal it was like totally different from the one before because of all the different foods included in the carry-out.  There were 5 different containers - I took 2 and the wonderful daughter-in-law took 3.  The waitress came back with pita bread, refills on pop and coffee and the service was oh-so exceptional!  This restaurant is definitely a mid eastern delicacy. It is located in a small strip-mall, but this restaurant is definitely worth it.  Oh, by the way, when the bill came we were all so surpised - in a good way, for 7 people the bill came to less than $50!!!!  By far this restaurant is a do again!
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2010,11/12/2011,125,326,2,13,8>Brilliant idea!!! For those crafters and artists who make some extra cash on the art show circuit and maybe make some sales on etsy; they finally have a semi-permanent place where we can browse their wares year-round.  Even better, you can browse through 70 different artists goods, buy it all at once (and on credit card, which some artists at fairs can't do for you at times), and even have the option to return for store credit. On my trip, here are the fun things I found: a frame with various Spartan-esque photos spelling "STATE", various make-up bags and purses in whimsically fun patterns, a giant moustache pillow, some cool "gritty Detroit" photos, something called a bath bomb that I think was soap but looked like something I wanted to eat, fun dog collars, a bird made of scrap metal, snowman earrings, a beautiful scarf in the most vivid colors, cutesy things for babies rooms, pacifier clips, gorgeous granite cheese slabs, and much much much much more.  If you are planning on stopping in, and especially if it is a number of months since I wrote this - I encourage you to check out the Yellow Door website/blog.  They provide bios of various vendors and you can get a good idea of what is in store before you actually head to the store.  Noteworthy is the section by the back entrance- where they have a wall of Michigan made goodies, and a wall of their "up-and-coming artists" featuring items made by folks under 18.  How awesome is that?? This place is another "something for everyone" kind of place.
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,11/11/2011,60,247,6,8,5>A work colleague alerted me to the opening of Ollie's in Sterling Heights.  I had actually driven by the place (Don Pablos in a prior incarnation) and wondered why this strip of Van Dyke needed another Middle Eastern restaurant.  Answer: because it's better than all the other ones.I ordered the Veggie Combo for carry-out.  Typically, restaurants fall down on carry-out orders - bad packaging, sloppy preparation, etc.  Not Ollie's.  The food was of dine-in quality.  Every note of my combo was pitch-perfect.  Crispy falafel with a touch of spice; buttery rice with flecks of deeply-toasted almonds; tabbouleh neither sour nor soggy and redolent of mint; hommous smooth as an Olympic skating rink and gently flavored; grape leaves punctuated with tomato; spinach pie subtle and savory; dark green salad leaves with a mild dressing.I was so impressed with Ollie's that I wanted to use gushy adjectives.  However, I'll hold back in favor of a simpler but more accurate and appropriate one - refined.  All of their food shows the care and class that distinguishes a place aiming to be the best.  Based on tonight, they're well on the way.
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2011,11/10/2011,106,248,6,4,6>My husband and I have this problem where we live like slobs and rarely do the dishes or grocery shop. So this makes for often ill-planned meals and lots of wasted gas while we drive around in a rage with no idea where to go. Even though we usually have a short list in mind of places we someday want to try, they never come to mind during this "pergatory." But on this one night I recommended the VG, where I've been wanting to go because of the rumor of Red Coat-like burgers. (Personally, Red Coat isn't worth the wait/noise/diarrhea to me) So, we went. First of all, this is a nice restaurant! Low-lit, comfortable, nice mix of newer music on the speakers and the service was top notch. We were promptly greeted the moment we entered the restaurant and our server was on top of everything. The menu was really diverse and, I felt, well-priced for the variety. Nightly specials are a plus. We both ordered burgers and here comes the hard part...It's NOT a Red Coat-like burger. Allow me to elaborate. The burgers go in 1/3lb or 2/3lb increments - but you don't actually get a bigger burger, you just get a single or a double. I did find the meat to be flavorful and juicy, and the variety of toppings was adventurous and they did arrive generously portioned. The buns they use are garbage. Like, not even toasted wonderbread garbage. I ordered my burger with caramelized onions (that were really only grilled, not actually caramelized), roasted garlic aioli (which was really kind of flavorless), sharp provolone cheese (also flavorless), shredded lettuce (whatevs) and pickles (also whatevs). BUT - my burger was a perfect medium (this never happens). Honestly, it was a LOT like a Red Robin burger but with a better variety of available toppings. The REALLY disappointing part was that the 1/3lb burger is $8 without any side and it's $10 if you want the 2/3lb burger without a side. We ordered the 50/50 fries & onion straws on the side for an additional $5, but it's an inadequate amount of sides. So for $23 we each got a burger and shared a side. So why four stars (my husband probably thinks I'm too generous)? I liked the atmosphere, service, food and overall feel. I'd rather eat a Red Robin burger at Vinsetta Grill than at Red Robin, and the better service and ambiance is worth the price to me. PLUS - it's an independent place and the rest of the menu looked great. This was the kind of restaurant that when I walked in I immediately started planning in my mind who I could eat dinner with here (like what family members or friends would dig this place). That's a good sign. I hope to be back soon, and I'll probably eat the burger.
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,11/9/2011,127,343,3,10,4>Finally got to try Hippos. I arrived wanting to try the hot dogs but after I looked over the menu and talked to the owners who are Chicago natives I changed my mind.I ordered the Italian Beef double dipped with the garden. What glorious sloppy mess. They don't have stands to eat your sammy with only tables or counters so unless you move your chair you have to sit to eat this drippy goodness, and oh is it good. And cheapA real gonnela bun stuffed with roast beef cheese, onions, green peppers, and gardenia mix. Then dunked into the pot of juices. Trying to eat this w/out messing up your shirt is a challenge. Dr. Browns is available along with fountain coke. They are not open Sundays and thats why no 5 star review.
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2011,11/8/2011,143,110,6,10,9>Made the special trip to 15 and Mound to see our old friend James (formerly making people sweat at Pi's Thai) and I'm glad we did.  He is just a joy and we got a wonderful welcome when we walked in.It seems their intention is to be carry-out only.  There's room for about 10 or 12 people to eat comfortably, but 1) they only have carry-out menus, 2) you order and pick up your food at the counter (i.e., no waiter service), and 3) there are no plates.  I had to use an additional carry out container to mix my rice and vegetable curry.My Vegetable Curry with fried tofu though?  Outstanding!  The thing I love about James' Vegetable Curry (R6) is that it's not just a bunch of water chestnuts and bamboo with the occasional green pepper and carrot bit thrown in.  He adds some sort of squash (maybe even pumpkin) and cauliflower, and I don't believe there was a single water chestnut.  Also, the fried tofu was excellent; way better than what he was working with at Pi's.  I hated that tofu.To any newcomers, James likes it hot.  That's one of many reasons why he's so legendary.  My suggestion is to take your normal spice request down at least 1/2 a grade.  For example, I'm typically a medium/medium-plus girl, but I barely handle anything over mild-plus when James is cooking.  Consider yourself warned.  Don't try to be a hero.  No one will think less of you for ordering mild.My only beef would be that someone was obviously smoking in the back while we were eating, and that just sucked.  I mean, it didn't bother me as much before the smoking ban, but now that I'm so used to not having to smell smoke while I'm eating... it was a bummer for sure.
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,11/7/2011,258,354,4,9,7>I adore the main library branch.  Breathtaking from the outside.  Once inside, one could wander this massive, old building for hours - marveling at the architectural details, fantasizing about the history the building holds, and most of all, constantly finding new shelves of interesting reads.  Even when I come here with the best laid game plan, I without fail end up leaving with at least 2-3 books totally unrelated to what I was looking for in the first place - titles I happened to stumble upon by happy accident, and didn't even know I needed to read until I saw them.  From security guards, to desk workers, to librarians, to maintenance staff, I have yet to encounter a face that is anything less than friendly and helpful.  This comes in handy, because I usually need some guidance in navigating the multiple sections and floors to find what I'm looking for.One of my favorite things about this place is the light up map on the wall in the front foyer.  It has an outline of each of the floors of the library, and a list of any possible section/subject area you might be looking for.  Press the button next to the subject, and the corresponding part of the map lights up, showing you where in the building you can find those books.  I'm sure when they first put that in it was some high tech shit - now it's a dated feature, but still useful, and I love it.  :)There is a teen center inside always full of young people.  The Detroit Reads! program is also based out of here, promoting literacy amongst teens and adults in the community.Parking sucks - it's right smack in midtown, with the DIA, Historical Museum, and a number of restuarants/shops/WSU spots in walking distance.  Needless to say, parking is in high demand.  Be prepared to circle a few times and hope something opens up.  Nearly all spots are on the street, and metered (meters here are monitored more closely than a lot of other areas downtown, so pony up those quarters or you'll be sorry when you come back out).This branch is also CLOSED ON MONDAYS which is pretty annoying.  And make sure to return your books on time and not a day late, because they do not play around with the overdue fines.  Overall, this place is wonderful and one of my favorite spots in the city (and free to boot!).  I certainly hope this library can manage to stay afloat amongst city budget cuts, because it would be a true loss to the community if it ever closed.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,11/6/2011,214,174,3,5,7>Last year (2010) was the first year of the Marche du Nain Rouge rebirth. Directly from the website: La Marche du Nain Rouge is an annual Detroit tradition that purportedly dates back to shortly after the city's founding by the French in 1701. Annually held on the Sunday closest to the Vernal (Spring) Equinox, it is parade and street theater similar in sensibility to Mardi Gras and other Carnival celebrations. However the impetus for La Marche is different. La Marche drives Le Nain Rouge (The Red Dwarf) out of Detroit, preventing its evil spirit from plaguing the people of the city for the rest of the year. By forcing Le Nain Rouge from the city (and into the spirit plane), Le Nain is banished, transforming Detroiters' fears and doubts into the hopes of new life and the coming Spring season. So. Much. Fun. The festivities begin behind the Third Street Saloon at Third and Forest. The best part? Third Street has a wonderful Bloody Mary bar. I was a Bloody Mary bar virgin, but quickly became a pro - head to the bar and pick your poison then head to the extensive bloody mary bar to concoct your perfect bloody mary. The bar is filled with all sorts of mixes, shrimp, pickles, celery, spices and more. Super fun and super delish. The parade begins with a brief history of the tradition and then proceeds down Cass Ave to Cass Park (across from the Masonic). The Detroit Party Marching Band is on hand and adds to the festivities. Once in Cass Park, there is a big ceremony and everyone ends up at the Temple Bar.  I am being somewhat vague on purpose - so you can experience the fun on your own.  BTW, lots of people brought their dog and/or kids - there was plenty of fun for everyone!My suggestion?  Put it in your calendar and plan to go.  It was a huge success and I am confident that each and every year will bring more and more merriment to the festivities.  Already looking at this years event on the website, they have added lots more fun to include a ton of Midtown in the mix.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2011,11/5/2011,1388,1056,10,15,11>Review 666 had to be evilly delicious and something I should not be eating...Dil is one of my fave Yelpers. He was not wrong about here at all. Mmmmm popsicles, frozen bananas and strawberries with creme, oh my! So hard to pick. I will confess I wanted some of everything.I had to go with a pineapple popsicle based on Michelle's review. She was so on the money! Chunks of pineapple and so fresh. It was the best popsicle I think I have ever had. My husband had a strawberry one that was very tasty indeed but I preferred the pineapple.Cheap! Tasty! Definitely worth a stop. I will say I think speaking a little Spanish helps with service but I would not mind any hassles if I went in solo, the product is too tasty to worry too much about any difficulties...
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2011,11/4/2011,61,111,5,6,6>I am SO excited to finally have something open in that old 9/Woodward Old Navy building, and even happier to have it be something incredibly cool like the Rust Belt!If you've been to the DIY fest in Ferndale, this is very similar (even many of the same vendors) but on a smaller scale, and indoors.  And, since they have more space for each vendor, the displays are a bit more elaborate and cool.  Detroit Manufacturing is there with their always-awesome shirts, and the guy who sells Detroit shirts out of that cool old truck is there as well (with the truck!).  The vendors rotate each weekend, while some will be there multiple times others may be gone by the next time you visit, so shop judiciously!  Often there are also homemade treats like cookies, scones, and whoopie pies available for snacking.  I generally hate anything gooey, and I actually really loved that whoopie pie!Rust Belt is the perfect place to get a locally-made, unique gift for anybody on your list.  I got some great shirts for my nephew's birthday and a really cool wallet for my husband, and I CAN'T WAIT to delight my family with some of their cool goodies during the holidays!  The prices are super reasonable for most of the vendors too.  It's also fun just to stroll and look around, take in some local music, and enjoy!  Worth a trip to Ferndale if you don't already live here.  If you do already live here, what are you waiting for!
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,11/3/2011,37,70,,9,5>I can't believe no one has reviewed The Olive Grove yet.  I've heard about it from a few people and decided to check it out at lunch today.  It's in downtown Farmington on the SE corner but I was told they're moving next to Dagwood's, near the Starbucks, on February 1st. What a cute shop this is.  Sharon, one of the owners, gave me a full tour of all the flavor infused olive oils and balsamic vinegars and she couldn't have been nicer.  She explained how each olive oil had a recommended vinegar to pair it with but that you can mix and match until you find your perfect pairing.  Little cups are available to do all the taste testing you want.  But there's really too many to pick just one.  I settled on a chipolte olive oil with a raspberry balsamic  and then a blood orange olive oil with a chocolate balsamic.  And my mind is whirling with things I can do with them but I'd love to see them provide a list, even just a printout, of all the different flavors and matches and even recommended uses.They have a rewards program and even private tasting parties.Please give this local business a try
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2011,11/2/2011,39,71,1,7,2>Ate at Steve & Rocky's on Saturday night: I was impressed.My parents, who live in Novi, had received a postcard with a "Buy One Winter Blast Dinner, Get One Free" offer. Great offer, especially for the type of restaurant it is (not exactly the cheapest place, though not overly expensive, either). My sister and I ordered the mushroom soup, while my mom ordered the caesar salad. Someone else had written that the caesar salad didn't look appealing, but I wish that I could have changed my mushroom soup order to the salad, instead. The soup was amazing, but the caesar salad looked delicious. It's pretty much a wedge salad, but man, I was drooling just looking at it.We ordered from the Winter Blast menu so that we could be our cheap, Buy One Get One Free loving selves. Our entrees consisted of short ribs, sirloin, and salmon. Large portions and cooked perfectly. Everyone was thoroughly impressed with their meal.Service was so-so. Seemed like the wait staff had too many tables in their sections, as we sat for a good 10 minutes before our waiter stopped by to take our drink orders, at which time we were ready to order as well. The table that was sat behind us when we were finishing had to ask our waiter if someone could take their order; our waiter had that table, too, and told them he would be with them in a minute. The place was crazy busy and the tables are uncomfortably close together. The food really was delicious though, and I was with great company, so the wait and service didn't bother me that much. Make reservations, otherwise you'll be sitting at the bar for a bit.I'd say try it at least once.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,11/1/2011,109,76,3,3,3>I have to say, I love the Michigan Theater. In my time spent living in Ann Arbor, I frequented this venue a good 5 or 6 times. Though I'm not a huge fan of independent films, my first trip occurred when my friends and I decided to check out "Atonement" here. I was not only happy with the movie, but I fell in love with the venue. At first, I had been afraid it would be like The State theater just down the street, but it is so different. The ceiling architecture is beautiful, and the spaciousness of the rooms allow sound to resonate beautifully.I especially enjoyed when different clubs at school would perform their shows here. This and Hill Auditorium are my two favorite concert venues in Ann Arbor and, aside from maybe the FOX theater in Detroit, probably my favorites that I've visited ever. I wish I had taken a little more advantage of them when I was living a five minute walk away...
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,10/31/2011,15,70,2,5,2>Professional staff and good atmosphere make for a nice experience.  I was impressed by Gaucho, they definitely were very accommodating and most of the their food is wonderful.  We called Sunday afternoon about 30 minutes before our party of 9 wanted to eat, and they took our reservation no problem.  The decor is very nice, with chic waterfall walls.  Our servers were informative and helpful, and the "gauchos" bringing the skewered meat to the table were all very professional and skilled.The food itself was overall excellent.  The salad bar had some nifty items like smoked salmon, stuffed olives, crab and cucumber canapes, and mushroom risotto.  The main event however were the meats.  Their signature rump roast was a perfectly cooked medium rare.  Bottom sirloin was delicious, and I ended up getting a big hunk of that.  Their chicken legs, grilled shrimp and pork ribs were all very good, although a bit overpoweringly seasoned.  I ended up burping up garlic seasoning all night.  I was most impressed when the kids ordered lamb chops, and the maitre d' had the kitchen send out a special order of them first to our table before making the rounds to the other tables.  That was a nice touch.  Also very nice were the sides of garlic mashed potatoes and the basket of hot popovers that kept being refilled.  In my opinion, you can skip the sides of fried plantains though.  The only things I balked at a bit were the saltiness /garlicky-ness of some of the meats and the price tag.  Without wine, it ran us about $40 per person, although the kids were only charged 1/2 price (though they ate as much as the adults!).  Truly it was a glut of meat.  But it was a birthday celebration and Superbowl day at that, and if you can't overeat for those particular events, when can you?
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,10/30/2011,39,72,1,7,6>At last, the stars aligned and I finally got to try this bbq joint I've been hearing so much about. Ann Arborites, I think we've got ourselves a keeper! Too bad it's seemingly in the middle of nowhere, but I suppose that's part of its charm.I placed a carryout order, which was probably a good idea--there's only one table, and if you care anything about ambiance, you probably don't want to eat here. It's small and (charmingly) disheveled, and you can see the entire kitchen. Hubby and I split the Memphis Throwdown so that we could try a bit of everything: pulled pork, brisket, chicken, and ribs. His favorite was the brisket, which I agree was good. I found myself inhaling the chicken, which was SO surprisingly tasty even though I had read Matt G.'s review about how the chicken was SO surprisingly tasty. I was just convinced that chicken could not be as good as beef or pork when it comes to bbq; I was wrong. How much I liked the pork varied based on how much sauce I got in a bite (the saucier, the better), but I could see it being divine on a toasted bun, as others have raved about. The ribs were fine, just not a standout. The meal came with two sides of our choice and four dense rolls fresh from the oven--as in, I actually saw them being removed from the oven. We got the mac & cheese, which was creamy and delicious, and the German potato salad, which was a nice change from mayo-laden American potato salad but maybe a little too heavy on the vinegar.After we'd stuffed our guts to the max and licked our fingers to our hearts' content, we still had enough food left over for lunch the next day. They don't skimp! You should definitely give this place a try.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2011,10/29/2011,57,58,4,7,6>Big Rock is by far the best steakhouse in metro Detroit.  Go ahead and disagree with me if you want, but if you do, I'm going to assume you like your steak from Outback.I don't have one complaint about Big Rock.  Everything on their menu is great- and I've had it all from filet mignon to a simple beefsteak tomato salad.  They have a more than decent wine and beer list that isn't overpriced.  Their desserts are amazing, including Faygo Red Pop sorbet that I wish I could buy at the grocery store.  The only thing that tops the food is the service you receive.  Mitchell is by far the best server I have ever had at a restaurant.  After our once a month or so dining at Big Rock, he started to remember us.  We went for dinner last week after about a year hiatus for no apparent reason, and Mitchell still remembered who we were, the industry we work in, what we like to drink, and even asked about our rescue dog that we had told him about.  If you're going to dinner, definitely make reservations to sit in his section.  His service and friendliness is outstanding.
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2011,10/28/2011,76,258,3,7,8>Vogue Vintage is pretty cool - I went there last weekend and was surprised at what I found.  Now it looks like there are two locations, and the one that my GPS took me to was the big polebarn warehouse at the north end of Ferndale.  I walked in and was super excited to check out the goods - there was so much to look at!!  I immediately found a cool picture that had no price on it...when I asked the guy he said I could have it for $2!!  Okay by me!! All of the other stuff was cool to look at, but not really my style.  The only drawback about this store, as another yelper said, is the price.  We found a cool rocking chair that we were interested in.  I thought that since I got the picture for $2, this place would have slightly higher than garage sale prices.  I was excited at the thought that I could get this chair for $50 or $75...but when we asked the owner, he had to call someone to get the price and the chair was $400!!  It was nice but not THAT nice!  I would definitely come back here for little knicknacks or pictures, but as far as furniture, you could probably find something way nicer (although maybe with less personality and NO history) for about half the cost at Art Van.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,10/27/2011,60,86,,5,4>To be clear, this is a temporary (or 'pop-up') event. It's only open for five Sunday afternoons this year. The first was 9/25, and it will continue for the next four Sundays.The idea is to mimic German biergartens, meaning long communal tables, an outdoor setting, and lots of interaction with your neighbors. They had four beers on tap yesterday, all were either $4 or $6. When first entering the biergarten, you're IDed, and then you can buy tickets, each worth one dollar. The tickets are only good for beer and water. There was food from the People's Pierogi Company and another vendor that had bratwurst with homemade mustard and McClure's potato chips. All food is cash only and very reasonably priced.The beers being offered are all from Michigan breweries. Yesterday it was New Holland Full Circle Kolsch, Axl Brik Red, Jolly Pumpkin Bam Biere (my personal favorite), New Holland Poet Stout, and an IPA from Atwater Block. The organizers plan to have different beers offered each Sunday. All beers are session beers, which means they're around 5% ABV, instead of the higher amount you often find in microbrews. The point is to be able to hang out and enjoy a few beers without getting loaded. I'm not sure if the food vendors will stay the same or change from week to week.They also have four sets of cornhole boards and board games on the tables. All cornhole sets and board games were being used almost the whole three hours that I was there. And it only got busier as it got darker.Smoking technically isn't allowed within the fence, but people were doing it anyway. You can easily come and go because you receive a wristband once you're IDed at the entrance. My only two issues with the event is that they might consider doing something to combat the bees that seem to love microbrew beers, and to open a second tap-stand once it starts getting busier.(edited to add some beer info)
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,10/26/2011,200,255,3,6,2>The baklava here is amazing!  It's perfectly flaky and buttery and very sweet but not overly so.  My absolute favorites are the half moons.  If I remember correctly, they are filled with cashews.  You can get a small box of baklava for about $7, or you can get individual pieces.When my cousin was visiting from Texas, we asked her if she'd had baklava before.  "Yeah... it was okay..."  We then made her try a baklava from this place.  She loved it!  In fact, it ended up being her favorite food that she tried over here (and that includes donuts from Franklin Cider Mill... I know, it's almost sacrilegious).I've never gone to Shatila in Dearborn, but I was given a baklava from Shatila once, and it was awful.  It was dry and stale and didn't have the buttery goodness of a Mid-East Pastry Delight baklava.  Who knows, maybe I was given a stale baklava that day.  But I'm not about to drive all the way to Dearborn to conduct a taste test when these pastries already send me over the moon.
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2011,10/25/2011,106,77,4,8,4>As an Italian boy who grew up eating Italian food in Marie's front room, this evening stop had a lot to live up to!  My fiance and I have driven by the Front Room a hundred times and never stopped.  That all changed earlier this week in a blissful hour of cheese, pasta, wine, sauce, cheese and more sauce...and it was glorious.  In all seriousness, I have a high bar for Italian.  Growing up in a Sicilian family, the Christmas holiday had a ham but was more importantly graced by penne with meat sauce, calamari, and delicious homemade Italian sausage...not to mention the cannoli, my favorite part of any good Sicilian meal!  So, as with any Italian meal, I entered this dining experience with an open, if skeptical mind.  Our meal started out promising with a prompt seating in this quaint little eatery and the informative admission that house wines were half off by the glass.  Wonderful news!  I ordered a glass of Malbec, and was impressed by the service.  The wines are kept in the cellar and were overly chilled the waitress earned extra points when she notified me of this and suggested I select something that had appropriately acclimated to the climate of the room...a tasty cab was a nice second choice.  After drinks were settled, we moved onto the culinary delights.  My lock, stock and smoking barrel for an Italian dining experience is lasagna.  Either because of my early Italian roots or my infatuation with Garfield as a child, Lasagna was the beginning and the end for me.  And, I found the experience up to par!  But, before I go there, I have to talk about the bread. The table was garnished with what can only be referred to as Italian Naan.  The delicious round flat bread that was baked to crispy perfection with ample butter that was pooled on top and made the perfect medium for delicious Parmesan cheese.  It was wonderful.  I'm pretty sure we fought over the last bite!  Though it was not pretty, I'm happy to say that I was victorious.  Back to the lasagna.  The lasagna came out with a heaping amount of sauce.  It was the perfect sized slice filled with rich mozzarella and well cooked pasta.  Even after being baked with cheese and sauce, the pasta held up and acted as the perfect vehicle for the delicious flavors that graced it.  The meat sauce was very much in the spirit of what I grew up on.  There were not a lot of ancillary flavors, but delicious Italian herbs and the delicious au jous from the beef that was sauteed in it.  It was delicious.  I've had a few poor experiences with Italian food in the past year, but this was incredible!  My fiance ordered a delicious chicken dish, the Pollo Tosca which was a wonderful lemon butter and mushroom sauce over egg-battered chicken.  It was delicious that night, and for lunch the following day!  The portion size was significant but not overwhelming.  At the end of the evening, both of us were quite full and had to forgo dessert...a reason to return!  This was a great experience.  The service was spot on, the food was delicious, the ambiance was not fantastic, but was humorously fitting for an Italian diner.  And, the size was just right.  Call ahead as seating is pretty limited, and even on a Thursday night, started filling up.  This was a great experience.  We'll certainly be back!  Next time, the veal is in my target lens...I'm coming for you!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,10/24/2011,38,113,3,5,4>Went here last night on the recommendation of a fellow yelper, and I am very glad I did! First of all, just for all those who will check this place out, it is across the street from Chen Chow.  It is a small, clean deli with a few high top tables and a counter with some stools.  Most of the sandwiches have a local connection, The Palladium and The Woodward to name a few. I ordered the #22 The Woodward an onion roll stacked :) high with shaved turkey, a slice of cheese, lettuce and tomato.   All the ingredients were fresh and tasted good, but the honey mustard sauce that came with it was what made this sandwich marvelous.  On the side were a couple of pickles that looked homemade.  I am not a huge pickle fan, but I got the feeling that if pickles are your thing - these would sell you on Stacked alone.Other people in my party ordered salads that were 1. massive, and 2. looked just as fresh and amazing as my sandwich.  When I mentioned Brian's food allergy, the guy ringing me up said they can make the sandwiches with lettuce as the replacement for the bun.    He also could have ordered a salad, but he passed this time.  His loss!I will definitely make my way back to this little shop. Oh!  and my sandwich and a can of pop were about $9 for a healthy serving size and tasty ingredients.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,10/23/2011,117,288,5,5,3>I spent about an hour calling every Walgreen's, RiteAid, CVS, Meijer, Target, Walmart pharmacy within 40 miles of me to find a pharmacy that had my beau's prescription in stock. Not one of them did and told me that I would have to call the doctor to have the medication changed.I didn't believe that, so I went to google and found Village Pharmacy II. I called and they quickly informed me that they did have it in stock.When I went to the store, it was wonderful. It had a nice feel to it and they have a lot of novelty items for me to look at while waiting for the prescription to be ready.The staff was very nice and helpful and the prices were pretty great on just about everything.They have a nice selection of greeting cards, including some ecofriendly ones and some LOLcat ones. I found one that looked just like my cat! They also had some 'greeting card grab bags' where you pay $1 for a bunch of old cards. Kind of cute and fun!I bought syringe pens for 50 cents a piece!! I was looking at some online that were $5 a piece, so I am pretty happy about my visit there today.Even though it's a bit far from downtown, I will definitely try to go back there for all my pharmacy/novelty needs.
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,10/22/2011,128,145,2,6,3>Well, after years of working at Ford and passing by this place going to other places to eat, we finally stopped by or lunch today.  The parking lot had more cars in it, and being a day after Cinco De Mayo, decor was still up.  The outside looks like an old Taco Bell (similar), but inside is nice.  The walls are painted with Mexican themes and such, like villages, bull fighters, etc...  The service was quick, although they were in recovery mode from yesterday's festivities... :)  The pop and chips arrived quickly and the first thing I really liked about Tijuana's was their Salsa.  The hot and mild salsa was fresh, homemade and extremely tasty.  :)  I couldn't get enough of the hot salsa...  YUM!!I ordered the lunch special of 2 chunky beef burritos with beans and cheese and rice.  The meals came with 10 minutes & right after we finished our 2 bowl of chips.  The only drawback, although the chips we fresh, they were cold.  For some reason, I love the hot chips...My burritos were nice, greasy and tasty.  I think they could of used more cheese on top, but I'll remember the next time I go to ask for double cheese.  LOL  ;)  The rice was probably the best tasting spanish rice that I've had at a Mexican restaurant in quite a while, but very greasy.  All in all, I'm now a fan of Tijuana's Mexican Kitchen.  I will be back...  You just can't beat the $5.75 lunch special!!
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2011,10/21/2011,217,264,4,7,6>I never thought food can taste THIS good.The 4 of us came in here on a saturday night and had a family styled dinner. Everything tasted AMAZING. and now i'll just rate everything we had by stars.Crawfish: 4 stars.fresh, tangy and spicy. after having a few your lips will start to get numb.Butter Beans: 3 starsbig beans, mushy, pretty tasty but just not as tasty as some others we had.Sweet Potato Fries: 5 starsfries just done right, and the sauce just put those fries onto another level of greatness.Garlic Smashed Potatoes: 5 starsprobably the best I've had.Mac+Cheese: 1 startoo much cheese and everything was hard by the time it got on the table.Mississippi Farm raised Catfish: 4 starsfresh catfish that weren't too soft. great tartar sauce.Blackened Voodoo Chicken Salad: 5 starsthe tastiest salad i've ever had. my taste bud just exploded. the chicken is definitely voodoo.Atchafalaya Chicken: 2 stars.the grilled chicken tasted like any grilled chicken. the corns were nicer but still you can tell it's probably from the can. i had to save this with their 5 star house habanaro sauce.Shrimp Creole: 5 starsawesome shrimp. small, fresh, tangy. Bread Pudding: 5 stars.it's a must have. it's the closest thing to sex.i would've given this place 5 stars however the street parking situation and almost claustrophobic interior space made me taken one star back.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2011,10/20/2011,91,123,8,14,8>Very cool little place. Nice outdoor seating area. White Sangria - to die for. So good.While chatting with a friend someone, maybe the manager came over to check on us and see how we liked our drinks. A little while later he brought over a bowl of chips for us to snack on. Nice touch.We ordered the bruschetta and it was SO GOOD. Nice ratio of al toppings, it had goat cheese instead of mozzarella. I think my exact words after biting into it were "this goat cheese is f*cking amazing." We also got a small fruit/veggie/cheese plate that was perfectly sized for two.
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2011,10/19/2011,192,175,7,10,7>This past weekend I had breakfast for the first time at Pete's Place. It's almost amazing to me that somehow they have evaded being the destination for a Fancy Breakfast Thursday excursion, but alas, they did. I had previously had dinner at Pete's Place with the most fabulous Ryan L. several years ago, but just never found my way back. When I found myself up far too early on a Sunday morning and online, my friend Kurt K. messaged me on book and asked about grabbing some brekkies. Do we say "brekkies?" I think we can.Pete's Place, from what I know, was opened up by the same people/person? who used to own a gay bar on Woodward back in the day. I might be way wrong, but this is what I've heard. The restaurant is set up to give you that Manhattan touristy bistro type feel. The walls are all stark grey and lined with playbills and posters from everyone's favorite shows; there's something special about having a roller skating power couple from Starlight Express watch over your meal.Remarkably for being kind of close to noon, post most church services, there was not a wait to be seated. Perhaps it's because they're off the main drag of Woodward, instead, tucked away on Woodward Heights. The one thing I will say about the seating is that it makes me feel almost a little up tight, but I think it's just because there are lots of seats in this small space. There are bench booth seats paired with wicker chairs, almost like those high school year book props, but not that extravagant.--actually, my wicker chair was quite comfortable. The brunch menu was pretty varied. There were about 6 omelet options, along with standard breakfast fare. I was tempted to order the marscapone stuffed French Toast served with an espresso/Kahlua syrup, but instead settled on the Eggs Asparagus Benedict sans tomato. Kurt had an omelet. My dish consisted of two perfectly poached eggs atop English muffins, with asparagus and Hollandaise sauce, roasted potatoes, and a small metal ramekin of magical and delicious baked apples. And a very small wedge of bonus watermelon. Actually, the presentation was very nice, and the eggs were perfectly prepared. The last time I had poached eggs out they were over done. And yes, I do order poached eggs sometimes--maybe I really am 73? Kurt enjoyed his omelet, though in the description it said they were made "Frittata" style, and I didn't think it looked that way at all. One thing I would say about Pete's Place is the portions are probably closer to what one should consume, as opposed to the meals that are three times the size of your stomach that you eat anyways. The food is pleasant. And the coffee has a a hint of cinnamon! Hello, fancy! I was happy to intake my caffeine thinking fondly about how much I love musical theatre, just because it is all around you in the dining room. I wish the dishes had thematic names like the Evita Eggs Benedict or You're a Good Man Charlie Hash Browns. There is a small outdoor eating area. Had it not been a million point five degrees out we might have considered it. Pete's Place is also open for dinner. It might make a quaint place for a date. The menu is varied enough including salads, sandwiches, pasta, etc. The service was friendly and quick--I don't think my coffee cup was ever empty, praise Jesus Christ, Superstar.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,10/18/2011,45,283,,7,7>My friend and I stopped in for lunch on the recommendation of one of the guys from Zingerman's.  I don't ever remember his name - Paul, maybe? - but he works the deli counter and has coaxed us into trying many things we wouldn't have tried otherwise.  Le Petit Zinc is a great example: not the sort of place we would've gone out of our way to find, but a place we're oh so happy to have tried!Delicious ginormous crepes, light salads, and water served in wine bottles.  Sweet decor and a well-AC'd bathroom.  Patio seating that would be lovely on a spring day or a summer evening - just not mid-afternoon on a 90 degree day.  The sandwiches and charcuterie were extremely tempting as well.  If Le Petit Zinc were in my neighborhood in Ann Arbor, I'd be there all the time.  Instead, it's joining the list of favorite spots for a bite in The D.
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,10/17/2011,110,138,,6,5>We have been here two years in a row to horseback ride with the Girl Scouts.  It is a great place to take a group or to take the family on a special outing.  The staff is wonderful!  Our girls earned a badge the first time they went and the staff was very knowledgeable.  They showed them how to care for a horse and gave a small hands-on presentation.  They helped each girl with their helmets and got them prepared with a quick "lesson" before heading out on the trail.  The trail ride was thru the woods in Maybury State Park.  Just gorgeous!!  It felt like we were riding deep into the forest.  The best part for the girls was when they let the horses start trotting for a short time.  They loved that.  We made sure to do a repeat field trip for them this year and they loved it just as much!  This time, they wanted more time on the horse, less time on the badge-work.This is a wonderful way to introduce your kids or yourself to a new experience.  Make sure to call ahead for reservations.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2011,10/16/2011,148,80,3,5,5>This is our Sunday night go-to bar. It's open late (until 2 AM I believe) and has the perfect atmosphere to grab some tasty grub and a good beer before bed and embarking on another painful work week in the morning. I love the intricacy in which the interior is decorated and the unique giant wood tables in the bar area that look like they were carved from singular trunks. Although you can go to watch a game, DoD is definitely not your typical obnoxious sports bar filled with just-graduated ex-frats boys. Instead, it's filled with cougars and ex-frat boys in their 30's. But at least they're quiet. Between the boyfriend and I we've literally tried almost everything on the menu, but our favorites are the killybeg mussels (although the 'soda bread' does not cut it for me), wings (the dry rub is phenomenal but the buffalo is good too), chicken pot pie, deep fried zuccini, potato leek soup, and half the sandwiches off the menu. Did we miss anything? Ah yes, NEVER pay full price here. DoDs offers discounts on practically every website there is out there including restaurant.com and halfoffdepot. I don't see why they need to offer promotions like that, but you want to take 50% off my bill for not-your-typical bar food? Go right ahead!
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,10/15/2011,107,357,3,4,5>Ricky's is awesome! Jacob and I have been looking for an authentic sandwich shop since the Gallery Deli closed down last year.One Saturday, I told Jacob to find us a different restaurant to try for lunch. After looking at Yelp, we headed to Ricky's.The first thing that baffled us: Why haven't we heard of Ricky's before?!!The second thing that baffled us: Why are his prices so low?All baffling aside, the subs were awesome! I got the turkey and bacon while Jacob ordered Ricky's club. Our food only took about 10 minutes on the grill. We topped off our lunch with a shared bag of Uncle Ray's chips and a couple cans of Arizona tea. The quality of the meats is amazing. It's really good stuff. It's so ridiculously cheap, too. Our total with two halves, two Arizonas and a bag of chips was $12 and some change. The half sub is definitely enough for a normal person, but the whole is good if you like leftovers or want to share with someone. I went a second time and got the cheese steak. It was amazing. The steak was so juicy and flavorful... it melted in my mouth. It was less than $5. How this place stays open is beyond me but I'm alright with their prices!If you love good quality sandwiches and a friendly atmosphere, go out of your way and try Ricky's.
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,10/14/2011,84,138,4,4,3>My wife called me up and said for dinner she wanted Bangkok Sala Thai Fried Rice for her and her mom. I wasn't planning on going out to as I was busy with work, but decided I could take a break for lunch. My wife txted me what she wanted. And I went to Bangkok Sala's website to print out coupons. I did not realize it before but BS has coupons on their website, there is one I like where you can get $1 off every order (up to $8 max). In this economy, every dollar counts.So off I went. Normally Bangkok Sala is extremely busy. I planned to get something for me to go, as well as my wife's order. I got there about 12:30pm today was very surprised it was not crowded. There were still tables opened.The Servers are very cordial and everyone seem to speak decent english. They gave me these shrimp chips and asked if I wanted hot sour soup or egg drop. I wanted something spicy so opted for the hot sour... I usually dont like those shrimp chips and had them taken away. I asked for Ice Tea and also placed my order for P4 the Pad Prik Khing, medium spicy, with chicken, and I asked for them to add mushrooms. No issue there. Within maybe a minute the server brought me my hot sour soup and Ice Tea.  There hot sour soup is different from Chinese styled hot sour. Thai version seems to have more vegetables in it which I prefer, and it was more on the Hot side which I also prefer. I don't always care for the vinegar flavors. The serving size was small, but being that the soup comes with the meal I wasn't complaining. As I said it wasn't busy there today, not quite sure why. Usually Lunch  after 12n till 1pm is extremely busy there and there is always a wait. Either get there when they open at 11am or wait till after 1pm to visit. One thing I love about Bangkok Sala is they cater to Late Lunchers - like ME... they serve Lunch from 11am till 3pm. And If you are an Early Dinner person you can get Dinner from 230pm till closing. The decor is pleasant and there are no weird smells. They servers are all dressed well. There are photos of Thailand on the wall. I have slight issues with the Booths as I am a big guy the tables are easier for me to sit at.The food came steaming on a big plate - lots of sauteed green beans, with generous portion of chicken, and I was happy they remembered to add the mushrooms. Also steamed white rice was served. They give you a separate dining plate, But I normally just scoop the rice onto my main dish so I can get all the get rich sauce. I normally don't order my food here Medium. I guess I was a bit too daring ...  my first spoonful and It was HOT! wow! Felt like I was in a sauna all of a sudden. I downed my Ice Tea in about 5seconds as well as my ice water. The Server was watchful and brought 2 more Ice Teas to my table, I was happy for that as the Ice Tea was probably the only thing to save me from the Fire in my mouth! Don't get me wrong, I love spicy food... It was my fault for ordering Medium at a Thai restaurant. lol. But It was still very flavorful food. A rich garlic and almost honey essence in the sauce. the green beans still crunchy and had the perfect snap to them, then chicken was plentiful. I swear they must of given me the Dinner portion. Before I was ready to go I asked the Server if I could order a couple orders to go for my wife and her mom. No problem, so I got for them FR5 the Chef's Special Fried Rice. with chicken, mild + spice. To go.I asked if the Coupon I brought in would apply to my lunch and the ToGo orders and it was a go - no problem there either.I slowed down and finished my food. I normally can't eat it all, but I must of been very hungry. I can't believe i finished it all. Before you know it, I had drank about 5 Ice Teas. And I was feeling it. I headed for the restroom. The restrooms are small but clean. Not much to tell about them. I always like a clean restroom - if you eat out anywhere - try to visit the restroom - if its nasty, then its a good sign you better not eat there. My experience a Clean Restroom means the people keep the Kitchen Clean too. When I got back to my table, the ToGo orders were there all wrapped up and my lunch check was on table. I got my jacket on and paid the bill. I was happy as that Coupon came in handy... getting $3 off my meal(s) is always nice. I left a 20% tip as the Server was very attentive - i had pretty much all the Ice Tea I could drink and she kept coming back to ask if I needed anything. Its rare to have a Server be so attentive and bring you napkins without having to ask. Sometimes I get lucky and get the good one.Only minor issue, I cannot see myself eating there often... the prices are a bit high. Even for lunch Its usually about $8 on the cheap end unless you just get Soup.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,10/13/2011,163,84,5,6,6>You ever read "The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo"?  It was recommended by a friend who issued this cautionary side note:  "Just get through the beginning, which might seem a little slow and disappointing ... and you'll be glad you did because it ends up being really good."Who knew that he was unknowingly reviewing Allen's Riverhouse?  We walked in to a spacious room with tables covered in plastic (a little sticky) and patrons that you could count on one hand.  We were greeted right away but a little shocked to learn that there was no drink menu.  Once deciding on a sangria and a lemonade (both not-so-great) we were informed that the kitchen was out of several dishes, including the pulled pork sliders and the stuffed pablano pepper .. oh, and pizza ... they were out of pizza.  Hmm.  Here's where a crossroads came in to play ... drop a five spot on the table and make a beeline for the door ... or wait it out and hope that things would get better?  Somewhere in my subconscious mind normally reserved for birthday and anniversary dates, I heard the prophetic words of my co-worker ... "Just get through the beginning, which might seem a little slow and disappointing ... and you'll be glad you did because it ends up being really good."Steeling ourselves for the possibility of another in what we were hoping wasn't a string of disappointments, we soldiered on.  Boy were we ever glad that we did.Now here's where the clouds part and the bright, inspiring beams of sunlight shine through.Kay, our waitress, delivered our order ... Blackened Steak Bites and the Southwest Burger.  Both of these were cooked to an absolutely higher standard than we expected ... we're talking perfection here guys.  The steak bites (medium rare) were tender, extremely flavorful and in enough quantity for us to split.  Excellent.The burger, we agreed, was a high quality beef and again, cooked exactly how we wanted it ... medium-well but not dry in the least.  Great flavor all on its own but the avocado and other toppings were an added boost.  Very very good.We asked for the name of the cook that evening (Sunday) and were told that it was TJ.  We'll be expecting great things every time we stop in now if TJ is in the kitchen.  You should too ... as long as you get through the beginning.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,10/12/2011,76,93,7,8,9>My, my, my!Adrienne has got nothing but LOVE on this here yelp page!I'm here to add to the praises. When I started going to Curl Up & Dye (about 18 months ago) I was recommended to see Adrienne by a friend who is also blonde. I've been a blonde all my life, and I'm suuuuper picky about how it looks. I explained my history to her, and she has given me nothing but sweet love ever since!  I've varied my color a little bit, darker in the winter, more colors in the summer, always blonde. Always amazing. The last time I went in, I was open to whatever suggestion to something new, and have been getting compliments on both my cut and color for the last 2 weeks. (check my pic)Going to CU&D about every 6-8 weeks, I can honestly say that everyone I've seen walk out of there has been looking gooood! Is it the fabulous service of the stylists? Yes. Is it the quality of the product they use? Yes. Is it the way the silver concrete floor sparkles back at you when you leave? HELL YES. Not to brag, but any & every cute hairdo you see in the Corridor came from within.BIKES::: I park mine on the fence across the street. (I also get a finger wag from the stylists for wearing a helmet after getting my hair did.)
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,10/11/2011,151,160,6,9,10>While standing in line, I thought why am I doing this. Then I remembered oh yes, my friend wanted to dine at this restaurant that had been reviewed on the Food Network Channel. My initial impression was it's a very small place with slow turn over and what is all the hoopla about anyway? Once seated the menu revealed some very unique offerings. I ordered the Red Dago Omelette and inquired about the swat sauce. Our accomodating waitress brought both the swat and green hornet sauce out to try. I ended up purchasing a bottle each of these hot sauce condiments. These sauces perfectly complemented the omelette which was excellent. Light, fluffy with a flavorful blend of itailian sausage and provolone cheese. The side of diced potatoes had been sauteed in a herb/garlic oil and were delish.  And I can honestly say I have never had a choice of sourdough toast before today. My friend was delighted with her choices as well. And impressed with their eco friendly take home container.The wait was definitely worth it and I will be returning.
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2011,10/10/2011,34,53,7,7,7>Jolly Pumpkin just rescued my summer productivity levels.I'm not a very diligent writer, and the heat in my un-air conditioned home gives me a great excuse to watch Hulu instead of actually finishing this darn paper. I wracked my brains to think of a bar in Ann Arbor with air conditioning and wireless (I find beer loosens reluctant typing fingers better than coffee) and good snacks, and suddenly wondered whether JP had wifi.I sauntered in and interrogated the host behind the stand. He readily acceded that they have wireless, that the bar upstairs is open seating, and told me where to find the outlets. I'm in love.I happen to love sour beer, and so the offerings on tap are right up my alley - the spring sour was mouth-puckeringly good. The upstairs bar is almost empty and the wireless works perfectly well . . . TOO well, in fact: note that I'm writing a yelp review instead of my paper. My requirements for good snacks were met with the nachos, on which they nicely replaced the chicken with tofu. They were delicious, and I loved the pickled onions (I may need to do some soul-searching re: this overwhelming taste for sour things).Jolly Pumpkin: thank you for meeting my desperate academic needs. I will be back, again with my laptop, and now that this review is done, I'll be able to concentrate on writing a paper in your cool, cool refuge from the summer heat.
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,10/9/2011,87,369,,4,4>My friend and I went here the other day and it was good.  I can totally picture going here to watch a game, eat tasty food or just to hang out.  The good: - The menu had a wholesome feel.  Ribs, pulled pork, sliders, salads - good 'ole American fare.  - They had a number of beers on tap and a fabulous $3, 32oz Bud, Bud Light, Miller Lite special which I for SURE took advantage of.  - The tvs were easily viewed from most tables (they even have tvs at some of the booths) and our booth seemed to have some type of speaker that you could dial in.  - The waitstaff (or our waiter in particular) was super friendly.  - Finally, back to the food, they have lots of sauces for their dishes so you can dip your bbq into a sauce of your choice.The mehhh?: - The restaurant is so large that it felt empty.  Granted, we were there on a Thursday, but it didn't fill up even at 7. -  It was a little loud.  - I think calling Lindell AC "classy" as some have ventured to do is a little too far.  It is a brighter, better food Buffalo Wild Wings.  Oh, and as a vegetarian I had to WAY modify the menu.  It isn't something that I took away from their rating, but just a footnote.
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2011,10/8/2011,44,77,5,8,6>After spending an hour trying to figure out what to eat for dinner, I remembered seeing the sign for Indian Flavors on an earlier visit to Home Depot.  Chuck and I ordered the palak paneer, aloo gobi, aloo paratha, samosas, and a dessert to go.  The owners were very nice and answered all of our questions.  They kept apologizing because we had to wait, but we were in no hurry, and this food was well worth waiting!Everything tasted so fresh and the samosas were outstanding!I'd never had the aloo paratha before, but I've got a new favorite menu item! Spicy potatoes and bread? Who could ask for a more delicious carb experience?I'm so glad this place is 5 minutes from my house! Not only is it inexpensive and delicious, but I've got a new place to take my vegan sister to eat!We liked it so much, Chuck called them after we ate to tell them how wonderful everything was!
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,10/7/2011,77,274,4,6,5>Of all the different types of pizza, the most forgettable is usually the cheap kind. The kind that has crust that's indistinguishable from the box it comes in, cheese made from the finest Brazilian rubber trees, pepperoni that seemingly comes from recycled wallets. The price point to create this is so low that if you sell enough of them you can sign any all-star goalie for your hockey team. Uncle Andy's may never buy the Pistons, but their goal seems to be more to make a pretty good pizza at a decent price. Fifteen bones gets you a large two topping pizza, cheese bread and a 2-liter bottle of soda. They do a thin crust, a deep dish and your classic Detroit brick pizza, all with varying success. I'm more a fan of their brick style, but whatever you order rest assured the cheese will taste like cheese, and the sauce will taste like sauce. That's a win when your cost per calorie for the entire meal is a fraction of a cent. The best part of the meal, however, is the cheese bread. With cheese, bread and sauce, it's essentially cheese pizza. But because you dip the bread into the sauce, it works well if you're like me and like your cheese pizza more heavily sauced than your average Rat Pack member. On my list of top 100 pizzas ever, Uncle Andy's is absent. But it's a decent enough pizza at a better than average price.
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,10/6/2011,60,86,8,10,9>...ohmigodamazing...Where to start?As mentioned in other reviews, Pollo Chapin is THE place to go for fried chicken in the D.  Every other place just pales in comparison, whether in taste or in price.  Do yourself a favor.  Go here.  Part I:  The ChickenThose who work here know that they're awesome.  They're rock stars.  And as such, they will happily let you wait and munch on the jar of pickled vegetables at your table while they torture TORTURE you with the divine scent of frying poultry from the back.  No, they'll wait for everything to come out sizzling so that you can experience chicken-flavored nirvana at its finest.Crispy golden on the outside, juicy on the inside, and spiced all the way through, this is a chicken that inspires sonnets.  The first bite was amazing, the first piece even better, and amazingly enough, the second piece even better than the first!  I swear, some sort of epicurean wizardry mixed with clandestine street powder must be involved in their creation.  We ordered 10 pieces ($10!), and I felt like I could have eaten the whole thing myself, were it not for...Part II:  The Mac and CheeseHoly manna.  Eating this is like inhaling luscious velvet.  The pasta shells are cooked down to being near-ethereal, and all that's left is just pure cheese...plus jalapeno.  I love this.  Just thinking about this right now makes me want to go back, and I just left the restaurant an hour ago.  And I'll say this -- as good as the chicken is, I've had pretty good chicken before.  I've never had mac and cheese like this.  The only way it could be improved is if there was some crust and variation in texture, but that would just be unfair.  Grizzled men would weep in the streets.Everything else:- I love their service.  Our waitress was so friendly and so willing to make our evening as comfortable as possible.  She even thanked us for coming to the restaurant.  How often do you get that?- The other side dishes are good, though not jaw-droppingly lust-worthy.  French fries, vegetables, coleslaw, and corn were all fit to share the table with the dynamic duo.- You get free soup and free dessert!?  How amazing is this!  It's really good soup and really good dessert too!  - It's cheap.  CHEAP.  This can't be emphasized enough.  We (3 people) ordered:  - 10 pieces of chicken (boxed 3 to go home)  - A large order of mac and cheese  - A large order of fries  - A large order of vegetables  - A small order of coleslaw  - A small order of corn  - 3 bowls of chicken noodle soup (free)  - A large serving of fried cinnamon/sugar tortilla strips (free)  - Snacked on pickled vegetables (free)     ...for $21.  - I saw some concerns about cleanliness on the reviews so far  Rubbish.  It's perfectly fine.  It's FAR better than your average Pho joint.  It's about the same as a neighborhood pizza place. There was nothing here that gave me pause.  I would be happy to invite friends here.- I probably wouldn't get take-out.  They do leave some chicken on a rack, ready for boxing when someone wants take-out.  Just say no.  Think about what you're missing out on!Okay.  I've said enough.  Give this place a try, everyone.  They're amazing.  Head down Vernor Hwy, turn right on Junction, and ignore the fact that you're a residential zone.  Can't miss it, and shouldn't!
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2011,10/5/2011,137,360,7,6,6>I ADORE PIE. See, I grew up in a non-American household and we didn't have things like pies and pumpkin breads. Now I'm 30 and dammit, I want my 'merican pie! You know what else I love? Culinary experimentation. And snarky, playful service. And DIY projects. And bourbon. The lovechild of all these passions is RCP. The chef/baker is a tattooed gentleman who obviously loves what he does and sports a shirt for Rock City Pies that says "F*ck (cupcakes). Eat (pie)" Pretty much sums up my life's motto, with or without the baked goods reference. But don't worry, his stand in the Rust Belt Market is plenty kid and mom friendly. Nothin' that ain't G-rated. He's very approachable and gracious. As for DIY, the man bakes all the pies by hand. On his lonesome. Every week. This, I like.Now onto the pie itself. I'm going to say it's between 3 and 4 stars with the potential to be 5 stars. I got at least one slice of every pie (because like I said, when it comes to pies I do not mess around). 1) apple caramel sea salt 2) pear rosemary balsamic vinegar 3) sweet potato bourbon 4) blueberry lemonThe flavor concepts I love - I understand if he's trying to cater to a perhaps not-so-adventurous audience, but I really want those flavors to pop more. The balsamic vinegar in the pear was on-point - crept up on the tongue creating a smooth, mysterious intrigue without overwhelming the pear. But woe is me, I didn't taste any of the rosemary! Me thinks some in the crust would be mighty tasty.The apple pie is more or less an apple pie with some caramel and sea salt sprinkled on top. I was waiting for maybe some sea salt kernels to pop up in the filling or inside the crust - little pockets of ocean kicking you in your teeth for only a second. Perhaps some more chewy shards of caramel. The bites that did have some of the salt grains were AMAZING.Loved the blueberry lemon pie which to me, was more of a cheesecake. But a very tasty one at that.The sweet potato bourbon is tasty as all get out and a great variation of pumpkin pie. The crust for all pies is a much darker, heartier crust. Part of me loves this and part of me aches for some of the pies to have something lighter to showcase the more delicately flavored fillings. Particularly the pear and apple pies might benefit from a flakier, more traditional crust.Great concepts, wonderful personality and identity, fell just a touch short on the execution.Definitely coming back for more.
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,10/3/2011,43,26,7,5,6>Finally!  I've found a restaurant where I don't have to sacrifice quality just because I have two toddlers! Seriously, people, fine dining - scratch that - even mediocre dining is nearly impossible with two little people who can go into major meltdown mode with a mere moment's notice.  J. Baldwin's may have just saved me from Red Robin/Chili's hell.  Don't get me wrong, your progeny are by no means allowed to run amok in the joint, but the special attention that J. Baldwin's pays to little ones is amazing and will completely captivate the little buggers for the majority of your meal.  As soon as you sit down, your waiter/waitress brings each child a dough ball which they can pound and punch to their heart's content while you peruse the menu. -They top the dough with cinnamon and sugar, bake it and bring it back out at the end of your meal. J. Baldwin's also lets rugrats build their own pizzas AND sundaes. Happy, busy kids = happy, vino-enjoying 'rents. :) Even setting aside the kiddie-wow factor, J. Baldwin's makes the grade. The menu is huge and chock-full of awesome dishes. - The pizza rocks. The frequent diner program rocks. The wine list rocks. The place just rocks. The only problem I have with J. Baldwin's is that it's situated out in suburban hell. Other than that, it's A-OK!
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,10/2/2011,198,632,3,8,5>Parking in downtown Plymouth, especially on a Saturday at 7pm, can be a nightmare.  We circled the street three times (with a cluster-F attempt at parking in a public lot where I could SEE the spots just not get to them!) before lucking out.The restaurant is long and narrow, with half booths and tall tables.  The bar and pizza kitchen are right in the middle of everything, so you can watch your food and drinks being made.  Loud when the place is full.We scored a half booth 2-top (Ken wouldn't take the 4-top next to us because he thought it was rude... but the couple right after us didn't think so, and, wow they had room for their food).I ordered a wine flight for $8.  3-2oz pours (but the bartender was much more generous) of California reds.  Likey.  One strange thing was that I personally needed to go to the bar to order the flight, but the waitstaff would bring you a single glass or bottle without issue.  No biggie because it gave me a chance to argue reds with the bartender, who was very knowledgeable.We split the Wood-Fired Artichoke Dip and Warm Olive plate for apps.  Both came with wedges of Focaccia, which is pretty much their pizza crust without sauce (giving us an excellent idea of the deliciousness in store for us).  Loved the olives - both red and green olives with pits, warmed in the 900F oven and rolled in an herby olive oil.  The dip was alright, but we would try another app next time.I had the Bufalina pizza - San Marzano tomato, imported mozzarella di bufala, fresh basil.  My first taste of Margherita pizza.  Heaven.  I had them add more fresh basil because I only had one little leaf on each slice (yes, I'm difficult).Ken had the Salsiccia - SM tomato, mozzarella, Italian fennel sausage and red onion.  He subbed mushrooms from the onion (they charged him $1 for the sub, which peeved me a bit), but wished he'd had them sub olives once he had a bite of our app.  Very good sausage.Light crust, chewy texture and slightly charred around the edges.  The middle of the pizza, especially mine, was a bit wet but so damn tasty that we didn't care.We could have gone 5 but then Ken reminded me that they didn't have beer (yet - they're advertising a Cellar 849 micro brew beer coming soon).  Small food menu - pizza and apps + wine.  But the items they do have are perfect.
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,10/1/2011,46,56,3,10,8>A friend from Boston(a member of the Museum of Fine Arts there) visited recently, so we took her to one of our favorite spots in MI, the DIA. We spent the entire two hours we were there in the Diego Rivera Courtyard. I have always loved this, but now they have IPads which you can use to explore every fascinating detail of this amazing work. After two hrs, we had not finished using the technology to explain and deepen our appreciation of the art before us. The mural on the four walls of the Courtyard are an homage to the workers of the auto industry, commissioned by Henry Ford who must not have known what he would be getting. When the work was criticized by museum patrons because of its elevation of working men and women, Edsel Ford defended it and it was left as Rivera intended it. A similar commission by the Rockefellers at Rockefeller Center, NYC, was destroyed because of its similar implicit honoring of labor over management and owners. And, well, because Lenin was portrayed as the leader of an American May Day parade. The DIA is a world class museum and is very progressive in its use of technology to bring art to life in new ways. If you haven't been to this gem, do not miss it. I promised my friend we would return next time she visits us, and she said she had more fun here in two hrs. than she's ever had at Boston's MFA!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,9/30/2011,68,109,7,6,5>I ventured to Mom's and ordered a takeout burger deluxe special. I was angered immediately because guess what??? They forgot my friggin' fries!!!!! Oh, I was so pissed off!! I had the worst hankering for a good burger and fries. I discovered this horror when I had already gotten back to my office so I was not about the trek back to Mom's to complain about my missing fries. Though very upset, I only had 45 minutes left for lunch and decided to eat my burger but knew it was going to take a miracle for me to yelp more then 2 stars (3 at most) due to my fry cry. But low and behold people.... This burger was so amazingly, awesomely, deliciously, good that my severe fry anger was diminished into something beautiful and well, down right sweet. This burger was cooked to perfection. There is nothing more to say, PERFECT BURGER. Onto the building; it's a bit off the beaten path since it's in Trenton, MI and there is not too much around those parts. The parking lot was quite angled and awkward but I assume it's because the restaurant is on a corner. Going inside to pick up my order was confusing too. Yes, I am a blond but c'mon, I know how to find my way to food. Not in this case; all the doors looked like screen doors and I had no idea which one was the winner. I took a gamble and was happily surprised when I stumbled into the counter area. Yay!! I found da' food! Btw, I think any door will do as I seen other people coming into another door. Overall, my missing fry anger was overshadowed by my love of this burger. I will go back here many times over. I look forward to trying their fries in the future...  ;-)
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,9/29/2011,39,12,9,19,12>The thought of Namaste makes me happy like very few others things do. I've now spent about 3 years in Detroit and have been waiting to find an Indian restaurant that I can walk out of feeling ecstatic. Not mildly satisfied, dreaming about better Indian food in Bombay, but ecstatic. For that I thank the good folks at Namaste. Namaste has by far the best Indian food in Metro Detroit I've had till date. Period. As an Indian who has spent 21 years of his life in Bombay and someone who hails from the South Indian state of Kerala this is one of the few things I'm very well qualified to critique. The first time I walked out of Namaste I felt the same satisfied feeling I've felt when I've eaten a fantastic meal at a local dive in the streets of Bombay. To know that I have a place like that just 25 mins from home makes me a happy, happy man.I'm going to preface this with saying that you go here for the food. JUST the food. Ignore the ambiance, ignore the service, and focus on the food. Trust me, all else is distraction. I'm actually really shocked that there aren't many (or any?!) Indians that have given this place a strong review so I'm going to attempt to blaze that trail.- The chilly chicken is absolutely divine. This is the best example of what Indians label 'Indian Chinese' and something I have been craving forever. Perfectly fried and spiced with chilly, ginger, garlic, vinegar and green onions. Divine, absolutely divine. If you want something a little less greasy I'd suggest the chicken 65. Very similar to chilly chicken only a little drier and spiced with fragrant curry leaves. I can divide Namaste fans into two groups - those that love chilly chicken and those that love chicken 65. - My second must have option there is the chana batura. The chana comprises of perfectly spiced chickpeas in delicious gravy. Batura is a fried, golden colored Indian bread that is a perfect accompaniment to the chickpeas. My girlfriend first described this to people as an Indian version of elephant ears, only salty of course. The look and feel is pretty similar. This is comfort food at its best. I cannot leave Namaste without having some of this. If chilly chicken is my favorite appetizer, chana batura is my favorite main course.- Masala dosa - Since my family belongs to South India, the dosa is something we can't really do without. The Indian version of the crepe, crisp and light, this is traditionally a great breakfast food but is quite perfect for any meal. The 'masala' portion is basically spiced potatoes. Watch out the occasional killer green chilly here, they will get ya! It's served with sambar (a south Indian version of lentil soup) and coconut based chutney for dipping. Another must have!Tips - - If you're white you will have a lot of brown eyes looking at you. The first few times I visited Namaste with my girlfriend (who is white); I was mildly uncomfortable because of the random stares we (or mostly she) received. Don't ask me to explain this; I've been trying to understand it myself. It's pretty much the same treatment white folk get when they step out the airport in Bombay. Once you ignore this and consider yourselves celebrities in your own city, you'll be A-ok.- The food can be spicy, really spicy. They normally adjust the spice based on the color of your skin (yes, it's true) but if you're particular let them know if you want less/more spice. If you can't stand spice at all then this is probably not the place for you.- Service and ambience are normally just plain bad. This is one stereotype that's true. Most good Indian (and many Asian) restaurants have sketchy service and ambiance. If you need service flag someone down. Don't expect a huge welcoming smile, just ask for your food and let the good folks get to it. Remind them if need be. Don't expect the décor to be great either, it isn't. The second time I was here, our server was taking a takeout order on a cordless phone while he was at our table. Some find it offensive, I just find it amusing.- If you haven't heard this in every other review already, you need to bus your own table. Help yourself to styrofoam cups, plates etc at the side. When you're done with your meal clear your table McDonalalds style. Walk up to the counter when you're done. No one comes up to the table with a check. Since there's no service really they do not expect a tip. The credit card receipt has no space where you can add a tip at all. (P.S. $10 minimum on cards.)If you want quality Indian food, give this place a try. But if you decide to give this place a miss altogether just because of the ambiance and service I'd have to quote the dad of YouTube 'sensation' Jesse Slaughter and say "You dun goofed!"
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2011,9/28/2011,55,85,,9,4>The word "striking" comes to mind when considering Ferndale's Inyo.  From the décor to the food presentation, to even the people watching, everything about Inyo grabs your attention. Inyo has a fresh urban feel with private oversized booths, bursts of black and red patterns, and music that doesn't overwhelm the senses.  Our waitress was friendly, enthusiastic and knew the menu inside and out, noting that she has tasted "everything" on it.We started with cocktails, which seemed like a good choice.  Gentlemen ordered the Samurai with vanilla vodka, ginger and chai; while the ladies ordered the Malaysian Butterfly, with pearl plum vodka, plum saki, elderflower and fresh cucumber.  Both choices were nicely presented and tasted great. Four of us were dining on this visit, so we decided to order several items and share--which is so easy to do with sushi. We chose the Beijing Duck, along with Caterpillar, Dynamite, and Shrimp Tempura Rolls--all fairly heavy, but we had a sushi newbie with us, which limited our choices.  Finally, we also chose Ahi Tuna Nigiri for everyone.The duck came out first, accompanied by the sushi chef who carved the outer skin and meat, which our waitress gently rolled up in thin pancakes with hoisin sauce, and slivered carrots and scallion.  The duck was delicious and not overly fatty, while the skin was perfectly crispy.  Once this process was complete, the chef took the duck back to the kitchen for serving later with lettuce wraps, and finally in a noodle and veggie stir fry.  Each dish was remarkably good.Our sushi came out in waves, and in between duck courses. This arrangement worked perfectly.  The Shrimp Tempura roll had a pleasing crunch and definite shrimp taste.  The Dynamite roll was the most dramatic of our choices, coming out on fire!  Salmon, crab and avocado are tempura fried, and topped with a spicy sauce and salmon roe.  This was the most delicious of the rolls we ate. The Caterpillar roll blended crab, eel and cucumber, topped with avocado and a sweet eel sauce.  Another winner.Lastly, we enjoyed the Ahi Tuna Nigiri, one piece of fresh pink tuna nestled atop a rice ball.  This fish was perfectly textured and as fresh as any sushi I've had.  In addition to the standard nigiri, sashimi and rolls, there's a whole Pan Asian Menu featuring dishes like Jade Scallops, Chilean Sea Bass, and Ginger Lobster; the aforementioned duck, Chicken Teriyaki and General Tsao chicken; and Sizzling Pepper Steak and Hunan Beef. There is a lot to like about Inyo.  The food and atmosphere lend a sophisticated presence to a booming Ferndale restaurant scene.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2011,9/27/2011,223,265,4,9,6>Biga is now my favorite pizza in the area.  Second only to Luzzo's in New York and not by much.The new chef, Joe Cosenza, has been at 2 of my other Detroit favorites; Assaggi Bistro in Ferndale and the former Quattro in Birmingham.Had a roasted beet salad with goat cheese and arugula that was perfect.  Served with a subtle reduced balsamic that made all the individual ingredients pop.We had 2 pizzas: - a Margherita  with mozzarella di bufala (from Italy) - a white pizza with clams, prosciutto and Italian parselyBoth were wonderful.  Simple ingredients that work together; expertly prepared. The dough is great - thin, crispy in parts with a bit of spring (not crackery crisp).   For me, it doesn't get any better.Didn't try the house made gelatos  this time ...
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,9/26/2011,62,61,4,5,4>I adore this quirky little store!Acme has a little bit of everything - a great combination of needs and wants.  Ok... it has many more "wants" than "needs" but isn't that how it should be?My first day after moving to Ann Arbor I came to Acme in search of a shower curtain.  Sure enough, not only did they have one but several to choose from.  I also stopped in during this summer's 90+ degree heat wave to buy water balloons.  Not for me, but for my 95lb. pup. She was chowing down ice cubes like popcorn that I froze water balloons to make mega-huge ice cubes (taking off the rubber balloon before giving them to her, of course).Ann Arbor doesn't have many convenience stores that although it's hit or miss, Acme can be given a look over before walking across downtown to the only CVS around.  And I seriously doubt CVS has tiki-glasses, tentacle finger puppets or zombie survival manuals.  Just sayin'.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,9/25/2011,263,468,3,5,8>This place specializes in PLUS SIZE bridal!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  It is Michigan's only bridal salon that caters to the volumptous ladies.  And not frumpy gowns, to die for gowns.  Finally a place where you can actually try on dresses,since most places have a very limited selection for curvy girls. The dresses are from 159-2000.  Sizes 16-38 ready for you to try on.  Top quality and high fashion.  Now you can have that bridal moment too!  You know what I am talking about....esp. if you have watched any sort of wedding show.  If my day ever comes, this is my first stop.  They have shoes, jewelry, bridesmade dresses, lingerie, tuxes, etc.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,9/24/2011,142,231,4,6,5>I'm not sure what else I can add that everyone else hasn't already covered, but I want to be a part of the shwarma group.I went to Bucharest with 3 other friends strictly based on the Yelp reviews.   The Park Bar is really cool and well designed and there was plenty of seating.    The bartender was extremely friendly and made our drinks nice and strong.Of course we had to know what the fuss was about so we all ordered the chicken shwarma.   Wow!  What an explosion of taste!   There was literally a fireworks show going on in my mouth.    And everything blended perfectly.   The chicken was perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the bread was warm and soft.   The sauce was running down my arm and I literally licked it up from elbow to wrist.   Definitely gross but ultimately necessary.The prices were extremely reasonable and service was quick.   I will definitely consider this place whenever I am downtown.   The rumors are true, this is really the best.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,9/23/2011,196,355,6,9,7>Great hummus with fresh, house-made pita gets this place 3 stars right off the bat.  But what earns it 4 are the unusual menu items, like Koshary, a traditional Egyptian dish that combines rice, macaroni, lentils, pasta sauce, and chili sauce into a yummy entree.  Competent, unobtrusive service was proffered, and the atmosphere was typical Middle Eastern.We had a great time here on our first visit, enhanced by the table nearest to us, where two obviously dear friends (with families in tow) reunited after what must have been years.  One friend had apparently been in the US for a while, the other was apparently newly arrived from somewhere warm overseas.  Both had small sons who looked to be about 4 years old.  US mom, speaking very sweetly to newly arrived son, said, "Do you know how cold your freezer is? (son nods).  Well, in a couple of months, the whole outside will be colder than that! (son's jaw drops, then he grins with delight).
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,9/22/2011,149,123,2,9,2>To start off I have to say that within a 10 mile radius this is "Mexican" as good as it gets, so if I were grading on a curve this would easily get 5 stars. I have to hold out my 5th star for a couple more visits - which, yes, means I'm planning to go back again and again and again...First off, the service was great. Our waitress was friendly, responsive and was unfortunately for my pocketbook, was really at good at selling.  Have no complaints on service!On to the food.  Mmmmm.  I think everyone has their own opinion on "authentic" Mexican food or what's good (lots of cheese, less cheese, etc), so I will just tell you what I thought and suggest you stop by and try it out for yourself!  I've liked the food I've had in more than one region of Mexico, as well as some more American style Tex-Mex.  Bottom line: It has to taste good. This tasted so good I was groaning all the way due to my over-indulgence...  I had the Tacos Mexicanos - 4 Mexican style tacos (just meat, onions and cilantro on a soft corn tortilla with a lime on the side).  I thought they were all great, but was a particular fan of the chicken and carnitas. Really full of flavor!For me, two make-or-breaks in a Mexican dining experience are the chips & salsa and the margarita. Well, I have to give both two big thumbs up! The chips were fresh and warm and the salsa was simple,  fresh and flavorful.  The house margarita was incredible! They use Patron and Grand Marnier in their house margarita with lots of fresh fruit juice. Mmmm, happy.The atmosphere is charming. Again, for the price and compared with any Mexican or Tex-Mex fare within 10 miles, it's definitely above average.  I have a thing with lighting - thought if they could tone down the lights a little for the evening crowd, that would do wonders, but it's a cute spot.I have a feeling I'm only a couple visits away from 5 stars, and being a "regular". So glad for a new option in this area! Mas por favor!
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,9/21/2011,21,56,5,9,7>I have a hard time explaining "oriental bbq" to my friends who are not familiar with chinese roasted/bbq meat. I always end up with its literal translation, "burnt meat". So im gonna try my best not to make anyone think they are consuming cancer.The big three in oriental bbq : Roast pork, Roast duck and BBQ pork. Roast pork and duck is exactly what the name implies ,roasted whole pig or duck. What makes it unique is how crispy the skin gets and yet the meat stays juicy. Usually you would want to get the roasted pork belly cut. When the layer of juicy fat between the crispy skin and flavoured meat starts melting in your mouth you know its time to find that long lost gym membership cause you know you are gonna be back for more. BBQ pork is basically marinated pork strips roasted on a fork. The red colored pork is sweet and salty and goes great with rice.Liang's roasted pork and duck can be inconsistent. On a good day you would get the extremely crispy roast pork while on a bad day the skin can be on the soggy side. The BBQ pork however never disappoint. Just make sure to ask for the lean meat instead of the fatter ones. Stop by for a lb of meat, make some rice and top it off with a fried egg = an awesome dinner.Edited: Not the only place for roast/bbq pork. The other place on john r/13 totally slipped my mind since ive not been there in a long time.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,9/18/2011,70,153,6,17,9>When I hear the words "health department", one thing comes to mind: CESSPOOL.   It's a common misconception, as these offices are subject to rigorous standards not imposed upon private practices.   I was surely schooled otherwise when I visited this lovely branch of the Macomb County Health Department!  My new primary care doc requires Tetanus and Whooping Cough vaccinations for all her patients, and the $8.00 charge for this vaccine at the Health Dept. versus a hundred smackers for the same thing at her office had me hooked!  Grudgingly walking up to the door, visions of screaming children, filth, and all-day waits danced in my head.  Wasn't I surprised to instead find a modern, airy building with cool Mid-century mod seats that was decidedly bright and clean!  I was greeted by the sweet Kathy and instructed what to do.  There were a only a few people in front of me and within 20 minutes they called my name.  Linda is a syringe-wielding sweetheart with a demeanor so kind and calming I liked her right away.  Her fun, high-ceilinged office is decorated with colorful, interesting things-far from the drab digs you'd expect.   She began to talk with me in the relaxed way of an old pal, and before I knew it we were chatting and laughing away.  Somewhere in there she injected me with fluids of some kind, but I hardly noticed!  Quite a feat considering my needle phobia and bad memories of my last Tetanus time-a painful affair that left my arm smarting for days.  I paid my eight bucks and floated out the door, thrilled at the very unexpected pleasant time I had.  The ninety-two saved duckets felt pretty good too!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,9/17/2011,85,159,6,8,10>Best meal I have ever had.  PERIOD.The dinner I had was impeccable.  Shrimp & lobster cocktail was very good, the brussel sprouts are worth the trip in themselves, and the filet was nearly transcendental - I was so full but I made myself finish every bit because it was so good.  Service was awesome and extremely helpful in offering menu suggestions and wine pairings.  I can't wait to go back for dinner.I have also been there for cocktail hour a couple of times and have been exceptionally happy with everything.  If you intend on going for drinks/food at 4:00, one piece of advice - GET THERE EARLY!  It gets very busy very quickly and it's difficult to get a seat at the bar so you can order food.  Speaking of the food - one of the best "bar" burgers I've ever had and for $4-5, how can you go wrong?  And order the beer and pretzels for dessert.  Pure amazingness.Go.  And I mean now!
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,9/16/2011,132,325,7,13,8>the bf and i are always searching out diners for cheap dinners and nice service.  we drive past this place all the time and never really thought about going in.  the odd area the restaurant in in probably doesn't do it service.  we hit the jackpot with sam's ferndale grill.the waitresses are young and very, very nice.  the food is hot and fresh.  you can tell that they pay attention to little details too.  instead of a crappy side of green beans (like every diner), mine came stewed in tomatoes and onions.  so much more flavor and not just some throwaway part of the meal. i also tend to think that you can bet on a restaurant depending on the side salads they serve.  if you get iceberg with a slice of tomato, the meal is probably gonna be subpar.  but is you get fresh lettuce with tomatoes, onions, croutons, beans and other tasty things, then you can bet on a good meal.  sam's salad is good and their dressing weren't bad either.our meals each were hot and delicious.  i love a good hot roast beef sandwich and was not disappointed.  we will be back.love, juston
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,9/15/2011,81,147,2,11,7>My hubby and I were driving around trying to find an open Chinese take out place for Easter dinner when we drove past El Guanaco with a big neon Open sign!  I freaked, and made Joel do a turn around so we could see what the DL was.  After walking in I wondered if they were, in fact, open.  There were a couple people lounging around a card table watching soccer while the cutest old lady cooked in the kitchen.  As soon as I asked about a menu the place livened up and I spent the next 30 minutes speaking with the owner of El Guanaco.  Regrettably there were no menus yet, so I cannot give you the whole line up but here is what I grasped from my conversation and what I ordered.They have classic Mexican food (burritos, tacos, tamales), Salvadorian food (papusas, plantains, cassava, baked chicken), and some other Central American foods.  There are 2 card tables with a couple chairs, so I would highly suggest takeout.  But there is a flat screen to watch soccer on that is bigger than the cooler it is sitting on top of! :)I had their bean and cheese papusas, plantains, and a sweet roll.  The papusas were good and the spicy coleslaw that came with it was awesome (I could have used some more fire in the salsa, but I like it really spicy).  Fried plantains with beans and sour cream...yum!!  In addition, while we were waiting the owner had us try the Salvadorian version of French toast.  It was sweetbread rolled in egg, brown sugar, and cinnamon, and then topped with a brown sugar sauce.  It was frickin' awesome!  The owner also mentioned there will be special menu items on certain weekends that are traditional Salvadorian meals (I cannot wait).  Overall, I know I will be back to this great low-key Latin carry-out.  The food was good, simple, and cheep.  It was only $3 for two papusas, salsa, and hot sauce.  You cannot beat the authenticity of the food, there are no bells and whistles, just good food!Be aware!  Cash only! The owner said they were waiting on a card machine, so I can update later).  Also the address is approximate because there was nothing on the door and no yellow page listing. It is an a little plaza on Livernois and Maple.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2011,9/14/2011,267,274,2,11,7>Yes...I know its Olga's.If you are from the Metro Detroit Area I am SURE you are familiar with Olga's.HOWEVER. It seems Olga's has adopted a new concept at "Fresh Market Grille" and I really think it works well for them.Olga's Fresh Market Grille opened 2 days ago with a concept that I have not seen before in their other establishments. It's kind of has a Pei Wei/Panera/Noodles & Company...etc sort of vibe. You know...order at the counter...get a number...and someone brings your food out to you. When you walk in the door there is a electronic menu board (it looks pretty snazzy). This is so you can read up on the eats before you actually get in line. Once in line there is another menu board over the registers. They have everything any other Olga's would have.It might just be because they are new...but every single employee seemed to bend over backwards for you. There was someone standing by the front door explaining how everything worked. The people bringing out your food were extremely nice and speedy. There was always someone roaming around the dining area looking to take away empty dishes....and everyone always had a smile on their face. I am an Olga's fan (i know some people are not...but I am!) and the food tasted great. Just what I would expect from an Olga's. They have an open kitchen so you can see all the fresh food being made....and it seems to be done in record speed. I have to admit. I was really impressed with the setup. Its very comfy and welcoming inside. They have free wifi. They even have an outdoor seating area for when the weather gets warm. Win. Win. Win.This concept WORKS for Olga's and it works well. If anyone from Olga's headquarters happens to stumble across this review I definitely give you a thumbs up and STRONGLY suggest you implement this at all of your stores. I think it works perfectly for your food.
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2011,9/13/2011,29,44,3,5,3>Okay okay, so I just found out that there are some people who actually read my reviews, which is encouraging, though I now feel responsible to come back from a brief Yelp hiatus to set the record straight. Do you remember the Great Pizza Throwdown at the Workplace (see talk threads Pizza Face-off)? Well, if you haven't read the talk thread, you should. The moral of the story is this: NYCP won easily in my eyes, but Brooklyn redeemed itself and actually commanded almost half of the votes from my coworkers. That's fine, but can't vouch for my colleagues' trustworthiness when it comes to assessing the goodness of pizza, because some of them objected to the thinness of crust at both Brooklyn and NYCP, who specialize in thin-crust pizza. Yeah, okay. Not really a valid criticism, guys. Thanks for playing though.Here's my take: I was pleasantly surprised by the sweetness of Brooklyn's pizza sauce on the cheese pizza but their pie was greasier than NYCPs. Moreover, Brooklyn's pepperoni pizza tastes exactly like their cheese pizza, whereas NYCP's cheese is also sweet but the pepperoni pie comes with some serious seasoning and a kick that you don't find in the cheese pizza, and I like that about NYCP.So hear's the verdict: NYCP's crust is very similar to Brooklyn's but their toppings, sauce, volume of grease, and overall flavor beats out Brooklyn.  Brooklyn pizza is A-OK if you want a thin-crust, cheese pizza with a sweet sauce. They don't really have anything that I felt NYCP can't also offer though, and if you're interested in toppings and a more diverse flavor profile, as I am, I would strongly endorse NYCP. p.s. No matter where you go, it is absolutely essential to pick up the pizzas as soon as they come out of the oven and to eat them immediately. If you're stuck where you are, you can try to tell the delivery guys that you're doing a high-publicity throwdown between their joint and another local restaurant and that it's crucial that they get your pizzas to you hot and fresh out of the oven. But that's already been done, so I don't know if they'll buy it. The point is, if you want to appreciate this kind of pizza, you've got to eat it as it's meant to be eaten: straight out of the fire and into the belly. This concludes our broadcast and the Great Pizza Throwdown of 2011. Happy eating!
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,9/12/2011,105,172,3,7,6>(3.5 stars)Alright, I wanted my 100th review to be super-duper special, but I am getting held up Yelping waiting for that 'perfect place or thing' to commemorate this milestone.  So I will just go ahead and go live with my review of Carnival Market....Carnival is a pretty big Latin market located on the edge of the always lovely Pontiac, more towards Auburn Hills. The small shopping plaza it's in seems fairly new. I was enticed to come here after reading some yummy Yelp reviews. Stopped in with the familia about 1ish on Saturday afternoon 8/13.For starters, customer service at Carnival was sucky-to-mediocre.  The BF, child and I were in plain view of 3 people working and cooking in front of the area where one orders food (to your immediate left when you walk in).  There were 2 manager/owner types with blue shirts and a cook.  There was no, "Hello, we'll be right with you", "Sorry, it will be a few minutes", no smiles, no acknowledgment. They surely knew we were there. There was one customer in front of us with a semi-sizable order so they were understandably busy, BUT STILL, some basic, and fairly effortless, customer service would have been nice. After standing around and waiting just about under 15 minutes, we were acknowledged by the cook who finally conveyed a few pleasantries and took our order.  Seems the tacos we got were made-to-order, for the most part.  Meat was very flavorful, but a bit dry. Ordered 2 each of the carnitas, asada, pollo, al pastor tacos, sampler style, but only got 3 of the 4 for some reason. My Spanish is not super great anymore (you don't use it, you kinda lose it), I was getting tired of the wait as was my kid, and everyone was hungry, so I just left it at the 6 total.  The tacos were pretty loaded with meat and consisted of 2 corn tortillas per taco.  You have the option of onions and cilantro as a topping.  We went with both.  The savory smell emanating from the styrofoam container of tacos in the backseat had the car smelling so good that I about couldn't stand the 30 minute drive home.  It took everything within me to not pull one out during the drive for a little taste.  Out of the 4 salsas the green tomatillo was definitely my favorite.  I was disappointed the avocado salsa another Yelper raved about was not available.  2 of the 4 salsas (a red and a green) were meh.  I forget the names.  I did not like the fire roasted whachamacallit salsa much.  They really do need to re-label the salsa station as some salsa spots were missing a corresponding label.  Mini lidded to-go Solo cups of salsa run $.35 each.I was surprised my BF liked his tacos so much.  More so than I expected, and probably a little more than I did.  Mr. Mostly-Silent-Pickyface said something to the effect that Yelp really came through with a good find.  He also mentioned stopping in for lunch being a real possibility since he works in Pontiac.  Surprising as well because he may not have ever walked into Carnival Market in a million years if it wasn't for me (him not being much of a white ethnic adventurer and all).  He has mentioned those tacos a couple of more times since we went and that's REALLY saying something.  This is why I am rounding up to 4 Yelp stars instead of rounding down to 3.I also noticed that the produce that was in view was cheap (cabbage $.19 a pound compared to $.39 lb. on sale at Meijer recently).  I definitely wish I could have looked around the store some more.  I wanted to see what the marinated meat was about that a previous reviewer mentioned.  Seems like they have some interesting, kitschy stuff for purchase too.  For $29.99 you can score a SIZEABLE Catholic-style Jesus picture in a frame.  The dining area wasn't as small as I had imagined based on a previous review.  It could have used a little attention during out visit though, but it wasn't terrible. The store did look organized and clean overall from where we were standing. Before we left there was a line of people gathering, all Hispanic.  That was a good sign for the authenticity factor along with the weird meats on the menu:  pork stomach, beef tongue, beef tripe, beef intestines.  Pretty disgusting for me as I am not an eater of weird meats.The total damage was $12.90 incl. tax for 6 tacos, 2 Jarritos soda (pineapple and lime, yum) and 4 salsas. Very budget-friendly.  There is a plastic tip container on the case next to the register, if you feel so inclined.  One of the manager types was also pleasant enough when taking our payment after correcting a mishap with the credit card machine (kept shutting off for some reason). I will definitely be back to give things another shot and as I want try a few other enticing things off the menu, particularly the guac.  I'm kind of glad we only got the 3 tacos each. As the BF likes to say, we were "famine hungry" and 4 tacos would have been gastric-extending overkill.  If you're in the area, make it a point to stop in for a cheap, if not quick, meal.
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,9/11/2011,68,72,3,8,4>To paraphrase a quote from Anton Chekhov:"Vodka, like money, turns a person into an eccentric."Rifino Valentine, the owner, is a prime example of this- who else would make artisan batches of vodka, the booze most people choose when they don't want to TASTE any booze?The tasting room for Valentine Vodka opened yesterday.  I love that this place is kinda tucked away, not on the main drag through Ferndale.  The tasting room is darkish, with lots of exposed brick and wood beams.  There's a decent amount of sitting room, with some stiff backed velvet lined benches along one wall, and several table options besides the normal bar seating.  I'm entirely impressed with the transformation of this place from pool table manufacturing building to swank martini bar.The drinks were incredibly well crafted.  I had the Detroit Dirty Martini- rather than olive juice mucking it up, they used McClure's pickle brine.  The drink was outstanding, a very fresh take on the typical dirty martini.  They had several drinks featuring infusions of various kinds- things like ginger, cucumber, etc.  Everything was a little bit spendy, with most drinks averaging $8.No full-on meals are being offered here, but they do have a meat & cheese plate, and they mentioned on their menu that you could bring in pizza from Como's.  Overall I enjoyed the place, and I can easily see myself popping in here after work for a chat with friends and a stiff drink.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,9/10/2011,297,101,12,21,9>It's a tragedy that this place isn't as trendy and popular as Slow's; mostly because the food is better.It's not in a cool part of town, they don't have table service, they only have a picnic table to dine-in at, and they only serve Faygo pop. But their food... their food is better.So I can see why it's not as popular. You can't hang out here. Your be-seen hipster friends would be embarrassed to be hanging out in a part of town that their dad works at. Sometimes you want a beer with your food. Sometimes you want to sit down and be waited on. I get it.But the food!The ribs are delicately smoked, they are luscious, and the sauces are magnificent. The ranch fries are massive and tender. The braised "mean" greens are the best I've had at a restaurant.Since one of the most popular things at Slow's is the Mac n Cheese, the comparison must be drawn. I'm not a huge mac n cheese aficionado, but the mac here is good enough for me. It's creamy, not oily, and the cheese tastes like cheese more than just salty milk. I realize my bar is not high.The burnt ends are fabulous and the pulled pork is moist and tender. The cornbread is fluffy and buttery. My mouth is watering as I type this and I want to go back right now.I've been to Slow's. I'll be back. It's a nice place to hang out with friends (despite the haughty treatment from Dudes Who Are Cooler Than You) and the beer selection is just dandy, but for me: Lazybones is my BBQ joint of choice. It's just plain freaking awesome.
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,9/9/2011,72,72,8,9,4>El Barzon is kind of a hard place to describe to people who know nothing about it.  I always start out by saying "It's Mexican AND Italian food, but not fusion.""So no spaghetti tacos?""No.  No spaghetti tacos."If you're coming here, you should understand that it is essentially two completely separate menus.  So you have a difficult decision to make. Places that offer more than one type of cuisine don't usually do anything right, but El Barzon is a very rare exception.  What you get here is absolutely amazing Mexican food, and absolutely amazing Italian food.  You really can't go wrong with either choice.I have had the enchiladas, guacamole, and the ravioli.  The enchiladas are probably the best enchiladas I have had in a restaurant in Detroit.  I've been to a few Mexicantown restaurants, but those places don't really hold a candle to El Barzon.  The guacamole here is very very good, and tastes fresh.The Ravioli is simply amazing.  I think they make it in-house.  It's like an explosive stuffed pasta orgasm in my mouth.  I am Italian, and have grown up on authentic Italian food made by my authentically Italian grandmother, so I do have a pretty good point of reference.The service here is professional, and usually prompt.  I have had both very good service and decent service on separate visits.They do not have a parking lot, but street parking is available and they do have a guy who watches over your car.  So I guess that's something.El Barzon may not be located in the nicest part of town, but that adds to the "hidden gem" feel of the restaurant.  This is a great place to take your lame friends from the suburbs who think Olive Garden/Don Pablos is fine dining, and really BLOW THEIR MINDS.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2011,9/8/2011,794,350,6,8,9>HEY ANTHONY, DINNER!!!!!I turned five years old when I walked in the door and smelled all of those loaves of bread being baked. My mouth was watering. I tasted the butter slathered on a slice of bread. I tasted the glass of Chianti on my lips(just a sip). I saw my mom putting the bowl of pasta on the table. I saw my brothers and sisters in pure delight chatting up a storm at the dinner table on their daily excursions. We used to go to the "Old"Delray bakery. We would pick up two loaves of bread and fight over the four ends. Five kids, one was always left in tears. By the time we got home one loaf was gone. No butter at all.So once I realized, thanks to Rodger, this place was here I had to stop. Great selections of bread. On this trip I purchased the famous(to me) loaf of Italian Vienna loaf in paper sleeve(the same one as 40 years ago). It was still warm.I ate it slice by slice until half a loaf was gone. Sorry dear, not hungry for dinner tonight. I'm in my happy place!!!! I may have to make a trip here at least onece a week. Oh to be five again.Sorry, cash only.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,9/7/2011,376,267,5,6,6>Whoever made the statement "it's as American as apple pie" has never tried a Miller's burger. It should be: "As American as a Burger." And  Miller's burgers are what we all think of when we think BURGER. No frills, just simple, great tasting burgers. As others have mentioned, they run on the honor system. They only take cash and they obviously take great pride in what they do. If you aren't mesmerized by the wafting smell of delicious burgers on the grill just sitting there, I suggest you get checked out. Your burger doesn't come on a plate. It comes on a piece of wax paper. Your burger is then accompanied by a jar of sliced pickles, ketchup and mustard for toppings. You can ask for onion if that's your steez. It's definitely mine! The bun, the melty American cheese, the perfectly cooked thick beef patty...OHHH the satisfaction! This is what grill obsessed fathers aspire to. This burger is the one. No coleslaw, no thousand island. Just pure brutish American condiments slapped on top of a perfectly cooked beef patty. They use great tasting beef. That's key. Not sure if they added a hint of garlic but I swear I tasted something more than just beef, something that really brought the savory juicy flavors out. MMM...my mouth is watering just thinking about this delicious burger!I can't believe it's taken me THIS LONG to try such a true Detroit Burger establishment. A++++++++ and a gold star, Miller's. You rocked my burger world.
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,9/6/2011,151,367,5,5,5>Once you go Bánh mì, you never go back.  Seriously.  No sad, ol' boring sandwich now compares to the amazing-ness of bánh mì...from now on, I choke down trite pita wraps, lame turkey sandwiches and greasy breakfast 'wiches.  Instead I dream of perfectly baked bread, fresh veggies and perfectly cooked chicken in these sandwiches from the heavens.  Thanks Que Huong, you've ruined me for life!  Its kind of lame that it was only until last year that I had my first bánh mì, but that's what I get for being from OC's west side.  Now, I have plenty of making-up to do.  Yet, even after experiencing these lovely sandwiches in NY, I'm still in love Que Huong's bánh mì.  And for the very affordable price point...I'm even more in love!  Oh...and the soups are good.  So are the spring rolls with shrimp and vermicelli.  (I love that freekin' peanut sauce that comes with!)  But honestly, its bánh mì or bust when dining at Que Huong!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2011,9/5/2011,188,247,4,7,5>This is only my second time going to Ernie's and I feel sad that I haven't gone there more. Sure, the lines are still there, the sandwiches are huge, and Ernie seems to have slowed down a bit, but he has such a huge personality.  It was funny, he stared at me, knew that I was there before (over a year ago), and also knew that my coworker was never there. Watching him  make a sandwich for me and a coworker brought a huge, 5-minute smile to my face. This is probably the only eatery in town that Janelle W. and I disagree on.  I don't seem to care as much for the designer sandwiches that so many establishments sell these days. I want a sandwich like mom used to make, big and sloppy, with lots of everything. And at Ernie's, one sandwich seems like a week of sandwiches that mom used to make, and it comes at a cheap price. Ernie won't be here forever so visit him when you can. You need to experience this.
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2011,9/4/2011,24,81,3,10,10>I am definitely a fan of Shatila. Everything I've had has just been so good...First of all, the ice cream. Made with butterfat, this stuff is riiiich and oh so fattening. However, I think it's totally worth it. In my short time on this Earth, I've yet to come across any ice cream that bests that at Shatila. Admittedly, I don't travel the world tasting ice creams and their ilk, but of that which I have tried, Shatila wins. My absolute favorite is the kashta pistachio. If you don't like rose water, probably best to stay away from that one. But, if you do, (and you like pistachios) you will be in heaven for the five to ten minutes it takes to eat it. Then you will be in a Hell of Regrets, but hey - you enjoyed your time getting there.The pastries are very good as well. And such a variety... All that I've tried have received an A+ on my grading scale. I'll admit, I love makaroons (not macaroons...). Love them. And Shatila does them well.To top it all off, it's dirt cheap. My mother and I had a serving of the nabulseya, a mamoul madd with dates, a couple barazik, and a single serving of the ice cream, and it all came to about $8.Totally worth the ~20 minute drive to the other side of town.This place would have five stars if not for the occasionally-surly service, however.
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2010,9/3/2011,215,177,3,5,3>Four solid stars. A worthy contender for one of the best happy hours in town. Prices are right ($2 off signature drinks, wine pours and the bar menu) and the snackies are delicious. Hand-cut fries fried in duck fat? Spicy chicken bites or crunchy chick peas? Speared chunks of chorizo, dates and blue cheese? Mini salads featuring locally made cheeses? PERFECT bar food. Their wine by the glass selection is pretty good and their seasonal cocktails are delicious. Try the In-cider!  Apparently they now serve brunch--the menu looks amazing and I hope to wake up in time to enjoy it one of these lazy late-fall weekends.
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,9/2/2011,252,310,9,14,10>This is not your white boy's favorite Indian restaurant. Walk into here and you will see 90% or more of the clientele are Indian, and of them the majority being South Indian. Yep, we know Indian food best. They are so authentic that they do not use much A/C in the summer, and they serve water without ice. Eating spicy food, with lukewarm water, in a hot environment. An entirely authentic middle-class Indian dining experience - until I took my shirt off that is. The curries here are not your cookie cutter, mainstream North Indian dishes. If you are looking for dishes that come a dime a dozen like Butter Chicken and Palak Paneer only, then look elsewhere. The 2 times I went to Sunday lunch buffet, I saw that they keep some variety by rotating a few dishes and keeping the staples. They avoid using mainstream dishes, and serve spicy dishes in authentic South Indian style. I am Malayalee (Kerali), and to this day I have not seen my people frequent an Indian restaurant until coming here. Used to hearing the incessant chatter of Gujuratis and Hindi speakers - it was nice to hear some of my brethren talking (but more so gnawing and chewing) in this humble abode.My review is for the lunch buffet. There is usually a spicy fried fish (e.g. catfish, tilapia, etc.). There are a couple other chicken dishes (e.g. chicken with bone in and gravy, boneless pepper chicken, chili chicken, etc.), and the mutton biriyani is tasty and loaded with plenty of tender chunks of mutton, I sucked the marrow out of a bone so hard it shot to the back of my throat. Sounds gay, tasted great. For vegetarians, there are offbeat and tasty dishes like manchurian vegetables, mushroom 65, daal, masala dosa, sambar, rasam, and pongal (a Tamil favorite, etc.) I was pleasantly impressed that they serve up a delectable mango mousse (instead of just regular gulab jamun like most Desi eateries). Touchings on the side, like achaar pickle, chutneys, raita (spiced yogurt), etc. were all available. Overall at $8-$9/pp for lunch buffet, you can't beat this place in most of metro Detroit. I have heard of a couple good spots on the West side and in Hamtramck, but North and East of Detroit, this is your go-to Indian restaurant for spicy, flavorful Andrha/Kerala/Tamil style cuisine. Dinner prices are very reasonable too. There is no bar, but that is OK - food is the focus here. This place blows most North Indian restaurants in the area out of the water (including one I won't mention by name near Wattles & Rochester).I highly reccomend this place for the adventurous Indian cuisine aficionado who wants to eat like they are in South India. You can eat with your hands and no one would look twice here. You can find curries with nice Andhra style spice rubs and flavor that pops without overuse of oil and ghee. In my opinion, the only item missing from lunch buffet was samosas, but I understand they are expensive and would hike the cost/pp up. This is where the Malabar and Chettinad flavors reign, and their inferior North Indian Koorma counterparts are frowned upon.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2010,9/1/2011,52,140,,8,5>Yes, this place is just what I needed. My friend and I have been on the hunt for a relaxed, inviting, high-quality establishment in which to hold our weekly happy hour get-together. Roger Monk's fits the bill perfectly and then some. A cute and stately house off the well-beaten path, dark wood beams and a roaring fireplace create an atmosphere of warmth and rusticity immediately recognizable as "Classic Michigan Restaurant".  The classic cocktails are truly out-of-this-world good. Last night I had the best Old Fahioned I've had maybe ever and the "45th Street" was a dream in a glass as well. They aren't cheap, but you get what you pay for. As far as the food goes, the poached pear appetizer is fantastic and the portobello fries are yummy indeed. Word to the wise: their happy hour specials are killer any day of the week.
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,8/31/2011,272,268,6,8,7>Had a great time here.  Played Bocci ball outside which is gated - this was my first try at Bocci Ball and had a lot of fun.  The restaurant itself has different levels - just a couple of steps down.  Buddy's basically has not changed too much as far as the decor goes in about 20 or so years.  But, the pizza is still amazing, I don't know if they were able to keep the same chef there all these years or what, but it was just awesome.  They have a new pizza, and I believe it is only offered on Mondays and Tuesdays - could be wrong though, it is called Bad Ass Pizza and then you can pair it up with Bad Ass Beer.  Thank you Kid Rock!  The pizza was scrumptuous -- perfectly put together and the crust was crunchy, just enough sauce and other topppings to melt in your mouth!  If you like pepperoni on your pizza it was like they toasted each and every piece on top, but I know that they didn't do this individually, so the ovens must also be amazing.  Awesome place, brings back a whole lot of memories from the 70's.  The staff are great, the parking is in a lot that has attendants to watch over the cars - in case you are reluctant to go past 8 Mile Road - talking about 8 Mile, maybe Eminem will visit one day!  Since this is the original Buddys it is the best!!!!  Try it again.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,8/30/2011,125,326,3,12,8>The Ferndale Library just got a facelift- and it's great!  The new library has an atrium and community gathering room in the front - tons of public access computers - meeting and study rooms - quiet reading/studying areas (one with a fireplace even) -comfy chairs to curl up with a book - wireless throughout - and a new and improved children's area.  The new building is "green" too!This library isn't large enough to have everything you might be looking for - but they are part of the Library Collective where you can get books from other local libraries shipped to the Ferndale library (This works pretty quickly, I can tell you from experience).I was excited to get my new library card, and have been putting the online system to order books/CD's from other places to work lately ;)  I'm looking forward to the various community events that they have planned.  Well done Ferndale! The new library is a place to be proud of. :)
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,8/29/2011,58,175,,9,3>I got a birthday gift certificate at Consher Organic spa because I'm something of a tree-hugger. Although it was hard to find the spa (it's at the back of a plaza, with a tiny storefront!) I was very happy I eventually made it there! I got the Don't Panic It's Organic Facial, which was very relaxing and (surprise!) used all organic products. I also had the house 6-in1 Massage, which was amazing. This also used organic oils. I had the owner as my specialist that day so we talked about the business. She explained that the reason the decor is not opulent is because she is actively trying NOT to attract people who are going to spas to be seen. She purposely made the motif more whimsical because she caters to a lot of people who may be put-off by the cost of services at pricier spas. She offers a party room where you can get a group of people together and each get treatments done. Sounds like a great "Girls Night Out" plan to me! It was a great experience and I nearly had to be poured back into my car to head home I was so relaxed after that treatment!
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2011,8/28/2011,60,247,1,6,4>Even before I was a vegetarian, I liked salads.  My meat-eating family often had them at meals.  In college, I discovered the salad bar, a wonder of well-tended, mildly exotic ingredients for which one paid per trip.  Sadly, that quickly degenerated into an all-you-can-eat, sloppily managed, pseudo-fresh mess.The Big Salad brings back the original idea of the salad bar that I liked (in addition to sandwiches and soups for those not into lettuce).  The multifarious ingredients are safely behind glass and handled only by the energetic young people behind the counter.  One can opt for a pre-designed combination (like the California, Maurice, Wedge or other favorites) or create a custom one.  The staff combines the ingredients into a metal bowl then mixes them up with special equipment.  They'll chop the lettuce if you like.  Each salad comes with a warm roll with some nice give, a modicum of substance and gentle flavor.Although a lot of people probably get their big salads to go, the dining room is pleasant, full of light and not too noisy.  On my trip there, a young family and a group of older ladies both had their lunches in comfort.If you are looking for a fresh lunch, this place is worth checking out.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2010,8/27/2011,106,248,,8,6>What a gem! I had the pleasure of dining with an old friend here last night and I was beyond impressed with the ambiance, service and food. Our server was fantastic; very pleasant and knowledgeable. He described the restaurant, menu, ingredients and wine list from memory. Not too imposing and great at recommending wines. My friend had a Filet Mignon dish which was served with polenta and green beans - it looked amazing. I opted for the gnocchi with was served with prosciutto, mushrooms, some bitter greens in a butter sauce. The gnocchi was the best I'd ever had! Perfectly cooked, not chewy or dense - delicious little pillows! We both had the house salad to start which was really nice. Mixed greens, golden raisins, pine nuts and a slice of goat cheese. The bite of the goat cheese paired perfectly with the sweetness of the vinaigrette. The wine list is limited, but they have specially-crafted wines from Fenn Valley Winery in Michigan. Overall I was really impressed! So great to see a family-owned restaurant successfully operate in SE Michigan. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,8/26/2011,127,343,5,7,10>BETTER THAN SUPINOS! :0There, that's right, I said it. Yes they are imho. I ventured to Dinotos after the storms today knocked out my power and needed to put dinner on the table. After reading the reviews and few friends rave about Dinotos I gave it a shot.Man o man o man. The pizza is crawl on my hands and knees good. Thin and crispy, the crust is chewy and flavorful, the sauce starts out sweet but has a very slight bite to it, and the cheese is fresh grated and wonderful.The minute I walked in the door Rose (the Owner) says "I've never seen you here before try a S cookie" ooh that was good, and while looking over the carryout menu(strictly carryout here) she hands me a slice. Well let me tell you the order changed that instant to not only lasagna (ooey gooey cheesy goodness) but also a additional pizza and breadsticks. In the words of Rick to Captain Louis ""Louis, I think this is the beginning of a beautiful friendship."
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,8/25/2011,143,110,6,18,7>Most definitely my favorite restaurant in Southwest at the moment.Let me start by saying that if you're looking for Tex-Mex, or a pile of food covered in cheese...  keep on looking.  This is not your place.  Let me also say, if you're looking for tacos... not your place.This is Latin American food... not Mexican exactly.  Their specialty is the handmade pupusas, which I will attempt to describe.  The outside is like a thick, corn mesa tortilla (think tamale meets flat pita) and the fillings vary from bean and cheese to chicken, squash and cheese.  My favorites are pork with cheese, squash with cheese, and beans, cheese with loroco flower.  What is loroco flower?  No idea.  It's definitely tasty though.Pupusas aren't the only thing they're doing well.  They'll start you off with a simple, spicy coleslaw that is perfect in its simplicity.  No creaminess, no sweetness.  It's all about the cabbage and spice.  The fried plantains are sweet and tasty, although definitely meant to be shared, The Pollo Guisado (chicken stew) is tender and delicious and full of flavor.  There is almost no atmosphere here, other than some patriotic flare, and the telly will definitely be blaring a soccer game or telenovela.  The service can sometimes be painfully slow, but they are making pupusas to order it seems like, so everything is very fresh.  The language barrier is a bit of a challenge here, moreso than other places I've been in the area, but you can certainly muddle through by pointing and gesturing.I'm not even close to being done exploring their menu.  I suggest you get over there and do the same.  Next on my list, Yuca Frita Con Chicarron.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,8/24/2011,258,354,2,10,7>Goods is the newest addition to the businesses occupying the ground floor of the Park Shelton building on Woodward next to the DIA (neighboring Good Girls Go To Paris Crepes, Leopold's books, and Wasabi).  And a welcome addition indeed!This is a great new stop for a unique gift for yourself or someone else, all done with local Detroit flavor.  They carry a whole bunch of handmade stuff from local crafters - jewelry,apparel,  dog collars and leashes, paper goods, art, and more.  Most items are Detroit themed - a variety of tshirt designs sporting the Detroit Muscle and Defend Detroit slogans.  And speaking of shirt designs, Goods will help you create your very own design while you wait.  Shirts, bags, hoodies, etc....choose your font, choose your color, choose your style, and walk out with your custom clothing creation. Upon first browse I bought a bracelet for a friend, made of recycled Starbucks gift cards (can't picture it?  neither could I before I saw it.  Go to the store and check it out!), and there are at least 3-4 other items I have my eye on and may be returning for in the near future.  I can't wait to see what else this store will add once they really get up and running.  But for only a couple months into business, Goods is certainly delivering!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,8/23/2011,214,174,1,6,6>What?  How could it be that no one has reviewed?!I have been DYING to go for Y E A R S, but never broke down and made an appt!  Well, my prayers were answered when I bought a spa package at a silent auction during a local community event (Abt Face scores points for being civic-minded).The auction item was for a facial and a make up lesson/application during the Spa Happy Hour, 5 - 8p on Thursday.  This is only pertient to you because I would suggest taking advantage of the Spa Happy Hour if you were to ever decide to check it out for the first time.  Every Thursday from 5 - 8p ALL SPA SERVICES are 1/2 off. LUV!  Plus there is music, munchies, wines and a fun atmosphere.I made my appt and came early to take advantage of the threading being 1/2 off.  Normally $14, I got my eyebrows done for $7. It takes abt 10 minutes and SO EFFECTIVE and much less damaging than waxing.  My eye brows look great.Next, i went for the revenating european facial.  Abt an hour and my face felt great afterwards.  I love facials and the shoulder/arm massage.  Thumbs up.Last, but certainly not least - I had an almost 2 hour make up lesson from Robin Manoogian herself (known for various tv personalities and at the top of her field in this area for 20+ yrs).  Part of the service is to bring all your make up from home and go thru what to get rid of, what to keep and how to best use what you have.  Somehow I missed that memo, but got plenty of info despite missing out on that portion of the lesson.Robin went thru a step-by-step procedure, which included a weekend/running around look (minimal product), a day time/work look, and an evening out look.  It was very interesting and informative - although I wish I would have gone 20+ years ago!  Speaking of which, this would make a GREAT high school or college graduation gift for a special girl in your life.  I feel like i could have saved a lot of money and time and have looked better if I would have had this info years ago (and it's not rocket science, just very useful info/tips).  Robin has her own line of products, so you will be tempted to purchase some, but she certainly does not do the hard sell....whatever youll be comfortable with or feel might be beneficial.The desk staff could not have been nicer and the clinicians were all top notch.The building is sort of tucked in at the corner of 4th and Washington, in btwn ugh - cant remember - its the old Palazzolo and Lily's Seafood.  Oh, and the parking still sux in Royal Oak (I ended up parking in the Lafayette lot - sort of kitty-corner from Sangria, I think that's probably your best bet, fyi).Even with the gift certificate, I did end up spending a good chunk of change, but I felt value for my indulgences.  Do yourself a favor and treat yourself - you will not be sorry!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2011,8/22/2011,1388,1056,16,16,16>Beware, the wings should come with a warning that they may cause immediate addiction. My arteries are likely shot anywho. I am hopeless to resist a decent-ish wing, wings this good, forget about it. I am all about the hot and spicy option here personally. I liked the soy garlic too on the strips I sampled but for me it's no contest really, I gotta have hot and spicy wings. They feature spam rolls here. Don't laugh, it kind of works. I was intrigued by the bulgogi roll too. Branch out, you may love it! I am all for anything tasty, gotta experiment a bit.I have to go back and try the mandoo. Fried and glazed in your choice of the tasty sauce. I guess what Janelle says is true, fry it and voila foreign cuisines suddenly become accessible to the Midwestern palette. I will add covering it in any kind of sauce also helps bridge the distance for the reluctant apparently. Hey whatever works as a gateway to expanding your horizons a bit, make baby steps if you have to. Just stop eating at Crapplebee's already folks.Hmmm duk-bok-ki...rice cakes, spicy, yep it made the to try list too.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2011,8/21/2011,61,111,1,19,6>Can't believe this great place has been practically in my backyard and I never visited!This is a different kind of fabric store.  There aren't any quilt squares, notions, toys or crafty magazines.  It is literally a warehouse with very large shelves full of very large bolts of fabric.  Everything is a minimum of 60" wide, and most of the material is best suited for upholstery, home decor, or costuming.  Or, if you like to dress a little on the wild side, they have some super cool fabric for clothing!  They have very thick tapestry material, spandex, sheer, taffeta, faux leather, voile, almost anything you can imagine, although not much in the way of lightweight printed cotton.  Most are priced at $6.99/yard, although there is a large section priced at $3.99/yard, which is a pretty great deal for 60" wide really unique, high-quality fabric (plus I had a coupon, so even better)!  There is also a good selection of really beautiful, elaborate trims.The best part is the service.  This is a local, family-owned business and the family members work there.  The moment I set foot in the door, a very nice man greeted me and offered to show me around.  They're all very enthused about everything they sell (I get the feeling each item is hand-picked) and are happy to chat about it without ever pushing a sale.  And, when I needed 4 yards of fabric and there was just over 4.5 left on the bolt, they were happy to just throw the whole thing in for the price of the 4 yards I requested.  This means there is not a shelf full of half-price remnants like at most fabric stores, but it's very good news if you are working on a big project and have found some fabric you love!If you like to sew and if you have any kind of big project, definitely check them out!  For materials that are this unique and high quality, the prices are more than reasonable.  And the service is terrific!!
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2011,8/20/2011,190,319,6,12,9>What do you do when you don't feel like firing up the grill and really want a slab of ribs: find a local joint that will do the work for you, yet let's you look like the hero! I called in an order to Nunn's and the person who answered was very friendly and explained what they had to order since I was a newbie. She took my order and said it would be ready in 10 minutes. YES 10 minutes for food to feed a small army! They slow cooked all morning since it was holiday time. Nunn's is a small spot that you would never think of since it's right on Conant. However anybody that lives on the eastside knows about Nunn's. The order was ready and roughly $24 for a slab dinner with 2 sides. The meat fell off the bone when we dug it. A really good sign for BBQ. The mac & cheese was really creamy and the greens were seasoned just right. I'm not a fan of anything besides collards, but they were good none the less. No complaints on the food. I would suggest trying the Kinta cake. I was puzzled when she mentioned it too. It's a has multicolor pound cake (red, purple, yellow) that has a sweet taste. Really moist and unique. That was definitely a "I'm not sharing" slice of cake.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,8/19/2011,49,93,5,7,6>I thought this place was the bomb-diggity. Yes, you heard right. Bomb. Diggity.I was more than impressed with the two teams we witnessed last Friday night. These people have a true talent - it cannot be easy to get on stage and not know what you are going to be portraying until seconds before.If you're unfamiliar with how improv works, just think back to Drew Carey's show "Whose Line Is It Anyway." It was a riot! They used audience members suggestions, so that was fun. But note you do not have to go on stage if you don't want to.Drink prices were pretty fair. My only complaint (and reason for 4 stars) was it was a touch expensive at $15/ticket. My friend had given me a BOGO coupon, so that helped since spending $30 on top of dinner was going to be too much for this mamma!If they lowered their prices - to say, even $10, I would go whenever I got the chance.Thanks for keeping Detroiters laughing!P.S. This is a fantastic spot for a date - fellas take note :)
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2011,8/18/2011,91,44,5,7,4>(Just opened June 1st of this year)I'll be the first to admit, I was completely disinterested in this place the first few times my boyfriend asked me to go for lunch/dinner here. And then after he had made his third trip in a week to have lunch there, I finally caved. I could kick my own butt for denying myself one of those juicy burgers so many times before. First of all, fresh? Absolutely. They are mouth-wateringly good. And, get this? They put the cheese INSIDE the burger so each bite is like an explosion of awesome in your mouth. Beyond that, my boyfriend and shared the cheesy fries and while they were good, they were a bit overcooked. My boyfriend also had fries with his burger and they were cooked perfectly. So, I guess I just got an unlucky batch.And the service? Honestly, the sweetest, most personable server I have ever had in my life. Her and my boyfriend had already built a repertoire from his previous few visits, but I felt more like my aunt was serving our meal. Such a friendly lady. I cannot recall her name offhand, but I believe it began with a P. We sat out on the patio, which was lovely, but the inside is on the narrow side. They may have a bar, but this isn't a bar you hang out at. It's a bar where you come from excellent food and have a beer to go with it. From what I hear, they have live music, but I don't celebrate Jimmy Buffett. Parking is ample and they do have several boat slips.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2010,8/17/2011,57,58,2,5,6>Just visited Yellow Door Art Market for the first time yesterday, and I am totally impressed!  I'm a huge fan of Catching Fireflies, and when they sent out an e-mail to announce the opening of their sister shop a few stores down, I had to check it out!    The store is huge and filled with all kinds of art and handmade goods.  It really is like browsing Etsy in person.  If you're curious about what's in the store or what you might find there, their website does a great job of showing what you can find.  On the left side of the page, they list the artists that have "shops" in their store.  If you click on them it will take you to each of their online stores where you can browse around.  If you like Catching Fireflies, you will definitely love YDAM.  Plus, who doesn't like supporting Michigan artists?  Especially when a lot of the artwork is tailored to Michigan including framed photography of Comerica Park, Michigan and Michigan State novelties, dishes with the mitten on them and quotes about "Up North", the list goes on.  As a graduate of Central Michigan University, I usually get annoyed when there's tons of stuff for UofM and Michigan State at stores, but never for universities that aren't in the Big 10.  However, YDAM actually had photography of CMU, including a really cute four picture frame with a photograph of the CMU logo and then photographs of a C, M, and U from the Mt. Pleasant area.
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,8/16/2011,101,180,12,12,7>Waiters strolling around with skewers of meat-what's not to love about that?I think this was easily the most expensive meal I've ever eaten, so what does that say about me?  I'm cheap?  Or I just don't treat myself to fancy dinners enough?  I vote for the latter.  (Take note boys, this girl doesn't expect 5 star dining all the time ;)Going in the evening gave us the luxury of shrimp and filet mignon, along with 13 other cuts of pretty much every animal you could think of.  At one point, I think I had 4 different animals on my plate.  Yes Noah, you are missing some of your Ark, it's in my belly.Salad bar was great, and while I would have loved to have gone up for seconds but didn't want to take up too much space for the epic meat-fest that was about to take place.  The fried bananas that they brought were fantastic, and my dining companion and I were trying to figure out how a simple fried banana could be so damn delicious!  Garlic mashed potatoes were alright, but again, I came here to eat meat, and eat meat I did!  So much so that I had to (regretfully) turn my card over to let them know not to come back.  Just for shits and giggles I weighed myself when I got home, 4 pounds heavier than the morning weigh in.  Safe to say I got my $$$ worth.The meat is a bit on the salty side though, so stay hydrated (I woke up at 5:30am absolutely parched), the Caipirinha (the signature drink of Brazil) was fantastic as well.My only beef (no pun intended) with this experience was when our waiter came by our table after dinner to offer us an after-dinner aperitif and explained that this would help aid in digestion and since we had so much food to digest, we accepted the delicious (and near 70 proof) orange-y liquor served in a thimble size chocolate shot that we would eat after.  And I unfortunately spilled a bit, which wouldn't have been a big deal, but after seeing the bill and seeing that these "shots" were $6 each, well the least he could have done was let us know it wasn't included with the dinner price.All in all, I loved this place, and while it is definitely a more special occasion type place (or at least not a place you want to go to weekly unless you truly do want to have a meat baby), and will definitely be going again.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,8/15/2011,200,255,8,5,8>I met my boyfriend at the Blind Pig!  And then we saw a ton of shows together.  So yeah, I have a soft spot for the Pig.  Sure, it's small and crowded and dirty and the sound system isn't great.  But you can also spin that as "intimate and having character." :)Some of my favorite shows include Animal Collective, Broken Social Scene, The Sights, and Paisley Product, aka Midwest Product (RIP) and Dykehouse playing Prince covers.The Bang! was also the best dance party in town (I write this in past tense because I haven't been in a while, but I bet it's still awesome).  Ridiculously fun with a killer playlist and a new theme each month if you want to get into costume.After you get in, go downstairs to the Eight Ball and grab a cheap pitcher of terrible beer (i.e., Old Style).  After drinking your fill of said awful beer, make your way to the bathroom (my favorite graffito: "DON'T F*** WITH WISCONSIN").  Sidle your way back up the narrow staircase past a bunch of burly guys going downstairs.  Grab some free popcorn if you dare (I may or may not have eaten a lot of it in the past).  Enjoy the show.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2011,8/14/2011,58,63,7,16,12>Lutong Pinoy has closed.... LONG LIVE NEW LUTONG PINOY!For Fans of the original Lutong Pinoy... yelp.com/biz/lutong-pino... the New Lutong Pinoy has opened to take it's place as king of Filipino restaurants in the Detroit area.  I am happy to report that as with LP Mk. I, the food is made by Pinoys, for Pinoys.  You will not find dumbed down, fusionized, homogenized, Americanized,  craptastic versions of Filipino food here.   From the lechon kawali (deep fried pork belly),  to the tocilog (garlic fried rice with fried egg and marinaded pork belly), to the various forms of pancit (noodles with vegetables, chicken and pork), to the more esoteric dishes like dinaguan (pork's blood stew) and sisig (crispy chopped pig parts), New LP gets it all right.(If you get a sense that the noble pig plays a big role in the Filipino diet, it's because "el puerco es rey". Let me put it this way, I have only met one Pinoy vegetarian in my lifetime.)Unlike LP Mk. I, New LP is a sit down restaurant so you can enjoy your food fresh off the line.  This restaurant is the real deal... so much so that the moment I walked in, it felt like any of the many mom and pop restaurants that my friends and I frequented in Manila.  There was the requisite wide screen TV showing Filipino gameshows, random friends of the owner walking straight into the kitchen to place their orders, and most amusingly (and endearing to me), the silverware you are given consists of a spoon and fork... no knife.  (For the uninitiated, Filipinos eat with a spoon and fork for everything, with the fork only being used as a method to stabilize meats requiring cutting, and to draw food onto the spoon.  The spoon is used to shovel food into one's mouth, to mix, to serve, and to cut.)One other thing worth mentioning is that New LP can cater your events.  They do ask for at least 72 hours notice.Whether you are already an aficionado of Filipino food or simply looking to expand your palate into different cuisines, accept no substitutes.  The New Lutong Pinoy is where you want to go.Mabuhay!!!
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,8/13/2011,37,68,5,6,7>The people mover does what it does pretty well. I sometimes only wish it did more. As it is when we go downtown we usually park at Greektown for free with the players card and take the people mover to wherever we may be going. Its cheap, easy, and convienent plus we always end up back at Greektown at the end of the night thus ensuring a late night Astoria run, go figure.Part of me wished it went more places so I could easily explore more of the city but then maybe it would no longer be as quick and easy or maybe having never lived anywhere with good public transportation maybe I lack the imagination. All I know is whenever we are going to a game, the theater, or just out for dinner we usually end up on the DPM. Oh and during big events like wing games, the auto show, and things like that they will squeeze as many people as they can onto it. So hopefully your not claustrophobic and everyone is wearing deoderant.
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,8/12/2011,49,753,7,7,5>Thank You MULTIPLE YELPERS  for planting this seed!I was coming back from Miguel's  Cantina in Rochester Hills & had a $10 bill burning a hole in my pocket & thought....hey there is a Hollywood Market at Maple & Crooks , I wonder if they carry them?So I called Hollywood Market & yes they did.I went in , and they were NOT in the pickle aisle, so I saw this young man , mentioned that I had called and said they were in front of the DELI!!RegularSpicyBloody Mary & 2-3 kinds of McClure's RelishSkippy says to me, you should have been here 2 weeks ago they were on sale for $7 . . . .. . . I bought the Spicy , for my Son -In -Law  & myself as he is coming here from Arkansas Thursday.I made the HUGE MISTAKE of opening them & trying them last nightoh my goodnessSNAP& Filled with a great flavor & heat!Once Again , thank you , you amazing people of YELP
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,8/11/2011,1357,534,4,12,9>I had a dress to alter which could have been tricky.  There were both rhinestones (waistline detail) and metal studs (on the bodice) to contend with when taking the dress in on the sides, as well as some fairly delicate netting over the shoulders that needed to be adjusted. Elegant Tailoring did such a fantastic job that I would come back here in a heartbeat for any other tailoring. They were not only on-time, but you would never have any idea that the dress had been altered at all -- that's how seamless it all looked. The fitting was quick and straight-forward, and although I had to pay a small amount extra because of the complicated embellishments, the overall rate was still extremely reasonable. One nice extra touch -- I had bought the dress at a deep discount an noticed one missing rhinestone on the bodice (which is probably a part of why the dress was discounted), but shrugged it off figuring nobody except me would notice.  The seamstress here actually paid close enough attention that she noticed the missing stone and used one of the ones from the excess fabric to replace it.This showed an extra attention to detail and a thoughtfulness that made me feel really fortunate to have picked Elegant Alterations. I'll most certainly be back!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,8/10/2011,192,175,15,17,15>Let it be known I am writing this review whilst sitting at Torino. This might be the first time I have Yelped something while being in the establishment. Oh! And shout out to Sarah G. who was here too! It's a small Yelp world after all! I am in love with this Cucumber Martini. It's true. We're going to register at Tiffany's and have a lavish affair of a wedding. Of course, you're all invited. Since Torino's opening, I have been excited about checking it out. Coffee, liquor, right down the street, what's not to love? On this hotter  lovely (read awfully sticky/hot/steamy) Tuesday evening, I thought I would take myself out for an evening espresso. There was a slight detour with the introduction of my new love, Mr. Cucumber Martini. Delivered in under two minutes, it tastes like the most refreshing summer rain ever (not like shampoo, but like the kind that just soaks you to the point you want to dance in it). According to the menu it's a blend of Hendrick's Gin, St. Germaine, Cucumber Essence (I've heard they just toss a cucumber in a jucier, and voila!), and Lime. I think they forgot to list magic. Priced at $11.00 it might seem a little steep, but damn it, I'm worth, and you probably are too. Somehow all the flavors of this drink are working together like the best ensemble cast ever--it's like Circus of the Stars 2011 and Lady Gaga, Prince, and Mayim Bialik just danced with a tiger on a high wire.Torino is situated right on 9 Mile, across the street from the Ferndale Public Library, and in the same collection of storefronts that include my beloved Serendipity Yoga. The inside is hip and Urban. There is a lot of grey and these awesome lamps that have exposed light bulbs. There is a large bar with seating, plus window ledge bar seating where your's truly is playing Carrie Bradshaw. There are also assorted tables and some outside seating available. If it weren't a million and two out, I might be tempted to rock the patio. The menu includes several salads and starters, paninis (including a grilled cheese one featuring Provolone, Mozzarella, and Irish White Cheddar), and platters of varieties of meats, cheeses, fruits, and vegetables served with honeycomb, olive tapenade (I love the word tapenade) and marmalade (voulez-vous coucher avec moi?). Drinks range from a list of ten or so specialty drinks (think Negroni, Mojitos, Margaritas), sangria (red and white) and martinis. There is also a lengthy wine list complete with Bubbles, Whites, and Reds. Word from my fabulous inside source just told me they make their own maraschino cherries. And they pickle their own pepperoncinis. I am so excited about this place. I can foresee myself escaping the sweltering heat with a  cool cocktail just watching the excitement of 9 Mile pass me by. The service has been beyond welcoming too. It's so pleasant to be greeted with big smiles and sincerely friendly hellos.  Torino is a fabulous edition to Ferndale.
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,8/9/2011,128,145,18,28,20>Well, I will admit, I watch "Hardcore Pawn" on Tru-TV and am a fan of the show.  Lately, however, for the past few months, I've been going there to pay for a layaway item that will be a gift for my wife.  The store layout is just like the show portrays, but it seems much smaller when you're in there.  Then again, it could be large, I don't know, this is the 1st pawn shop I've ever went to.  LOL  I've only dealt with Rick, who is on the show, but everyone seems really nice.  Rick is really cool and nice.  I've had no problems what so ever, and think that the TV shows focuses on the extreme people. The times that I've been there, it is crowded, but I've never seen yelling, guards escorting people out, etc...  When I went yesterday Tru_TV was filming, so maybe you'll see "yours truly" in the pan arounds, parking lot or just walking by someone they were filming.  I'll be the blond dude in a light green polo shirt.  :)I've yet to pawn anything there, but plan to on my next visit.  :)  Maybe I'll make the show...
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,8/8/2011,217,264,11,16,10>Things I love about this place:75% of the women working here are hot.60% of the women working here really know how to dance. I haven't seen good performance like this for awhile.50% of the women working here are fun.The music is consistently good (club music. think house music with a dash of Britney)Fiji water, not tap water.Elevator rides with topless strippers.Upstairs for smoking and lounging area - go upstairs when the grenades and land mines start coming up stage, or go up when some annoy girl is bugging you for lap dance.nice interior. not overdone, not underdone. it's nicely done.Things to know about this place:It's in the middle of nowhere.Mandatory valet. but the guys are friendly and cool. so please tip them good.10 dollar cover. again it's worth it.Best seat in the house: by the end of the stage. please cheer for the dancers and of course, tip them good.want extra attention? BRING A GIRL or two, or three...
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,8/7/2011,41,64,6,6,4>After misplacing my purse and/or wallet a few times when I was younger, I stopped carrying cash in favor of the easily replaced debit/credit card.  This habit can be a bummer because Le Petit Zinc is cash only folks.  I think about the spinach and feta crepe from this place non-stop when I am in five mile radius of Le Petit Zinc.  And the coffee...It's so perfect in every way I think I am choking up knowing that I may have to come up with an excuse to go to Detroit for work today just so that I can go to Le Petit Zinc.  Thankfully, going to Detroit for me often means I need to stop at the ATM and take out a $20 to pay the parking attendant across from the McNamara building $8.  Now I hate paying this parking attendant $8 to park my car because it also comes with unsolicited fashion advice from a parking attendant (on suede slouchy boots:  "never wear those boots again").   BUT, this does leave me with $12 in much needed cash to go to Le Petit Zinc for cofee and crepes, which is more than enough.  In fact I usually have $2 left over after tax and tip.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,8/5/2011,76,258,3,9,7>Club Bart is back open!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Wooooo!!!!!!!!  Went last Saturday for their grand "Re-Opening" and it was just like the old Bart's!  The new location is in Cantina Diablo (Diablo Cantina?? I don't remember...it's the Mexican joint in Ferndale) but this time they are only open on Saturday and Sunday until 3pm, then it becomes the regular mexican restaurant.I was a little nervous walking in but the host/busser dude who is always so nice was right there and he showed us right to our table.  They even had a nicely made menu!!  It was super legit!We were with 3 other people and everyone decided to get drinks - Bloody Mary's for two and mimosas for the rest.  I've never had a mimosa but it was pretty darn delicious.  There is nothing like drinking at 10am on a Saturday! (Don't judge me!!)There were no specials for the first weekend but they promised that the specials would be returning from now on - I can't wait to check those out!  For this visit we got our old standby - a cinnamon roll to split (fireworks in my MOUTH!) and then sausage and cheese omelettes.  Everything was just as good as at the old Club Bart.  The waitress was clearly not a Bart waitress, she was of the Diablo variety, but she was very nice and very prompt with everything.Honestly, they could have made me eat off the floor and I would have still been happy to be eating my Club Bart cinnamon roll!!!  I'm so happy they're back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2011,8/4/2011,39,31,1,7,5>I'm all about the duck cabbage salad here. It was so good that I had to find a recipe online and replicate it with boneless chicken later in the week. It's got it all, spicy, sweet, sour and the fresh bitterness of the cilantro and mint. It's bone in though, so be aware.  A perfect summertime lunch with an avocado shake.Now in the winter, I hanker for some hot soup.  With the nasty return of sleet and snow this past week, I had my husband grab some pho tai (thin raw beef slices)and pho ga (chicken) for all of us.  The herbs and bean sprouts were fresh, but the broth was super salty not as aromatic as I like it. I suspect some serious MSG going on. The kids however proclaimed it the best soup ever, salt fiends that they are.  Before the cold snap is over, I really gotta try their bun bo hue, beefy and porky and spicy and stick to your bones rich.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,8/3/2011,11,60,12,14,14>Finally! I got to try this place.  Damn you, ice and snow!  I conned my friends into dragging me here, lured with temptations of authentic Chinese food, instead of General Whomever Deep Fried OverSweet Goo Sauce.  Yes, I'm a snob. I admit it.   I can't stand cream cheese in sushi and if I'm eating the Americanized-Chinese glop I try to order dishes that are close to authentic as possible.Best China is at the end of a shopping strip in Canton.  The place itself is small, with maybe 15 tables at most.  A giant TV was showing sports games and about half the tables were full of people who appeared to be of Asian decent.When we walked in and were pointed at a table, the waiter started clearing it, saying, "No chopsticks, right?"  As a chorus, we said, "Chopsticks, YES!" and then further surprised him by asking for the Chinese menu.   As he went to get them he was telling the others working, "They want chopsticks *and* the Chinese menu."  There's an old joke I told my friends:  "How do you know the non-Jews in the Chinese Restaurant?  They're eating from their own dishes."  As a kid, my family ordered at a Chinese restaurant like we were negotiating a hostage exchange.  Heated battles could occur over wanting to order two pork dishes.  I was in college before I had a meal in a Chinese restaurant where people ate only what they ordered.  One of my friends mentioned a family member that guards her food like she'll stab anyone who will try to eat from it. While we did each order our own choice, we wound up thoroughly sharing them.  I had been craving "nian gao" for weeks.  This is the rice cakes with pork that other reviews rave about.  The waiter cheerfully corrected my horrific pronunciation [NYEN-gow is the closest I can write].  I had described it to my friends with someone else's "kinda like gnocchi" but that's like calling a Chinese noodle dish "kinda like spaghetti". (Close. Kinda.)  The tasty, chewy rice cakes, mixed with scallions, napa cabbage and pork, were in a milder, lighter sauce than I've had elsewhere. I should have followed someone else's recommendation to get some chili oil for them, but I was still in nian gao heaven.One friend went for the rice noodles with beef.  This used the very thin rice noodles and was absolutely delicious.  It was not something I would have picked (in my head someone from my family was saying, "But we already have rice noodles!") but I'm so glad she did.  There was plenty of beef with a lot of onion and cabbage, too.The other wasn't sure what he wanted. I offered a few suggestions based on things I'd either had elsewhere or knew about.  He eventually picked spicy salt pork chop. ("But we already have a pork dish!" "Shut up, you!")  What arrived was clearly more than one chop!  It was not spicy hot, but was definitely well spiced.  Thin slices of pork were coated in a spiced breadcrumbs and deep fried, then served with a dipping sauce.  The coating complimented the meat, added a nice crunch, and was so very tasty. We also ordered the Shanghai dumplings - Oh no! More pork!  As with others, they came out after the other dishes, but who cares?  They were perfect dumplings, crispy and chewy on the outside, bursting with flavor on the inside.  My dumpling-loving friend claimed them the best.Service was simple and easy.  The waiter was attentive without hovering, polite and friendly, if not outright amused by us.  The tea was tasty and hot.   There wasn't more we could ask for.It's an understatement to say that as long as I'm living here I'll be back.  My friends have made it clear that if I go back without them they will be horribly insulted!  That's fine with me, I am sure I can save up and make regular pilgrimages to this delicious place.  YUM!
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,8/2/2011,41,210,,5,4>We were here for a reception as part of a local history conference (although regular admission is $3). This is, as previous reviewers said, a mini-Greenfield Village type of attraction that centers on the history of the Troy area.The night we were here, a number of docents were there, and some of them were costumed as mid-1800s village residents (printer, school teacher, etc). Each seemed well informed and enthusiastic about showing visitors around and answering questions. The guy we talked to at the church was particularly good about pointing out special features like the stained windows and explain how they were produced (did you know that some of the glass panes have a unique color that they can no longer reproduce because the craftspeople originally used arsenic to get the color!).The bonus that night was the fact that it was a reception. You could cook s'mores on an open fire outside of the log cabin home (and get a little taste of turducken inside), grab a hot cider or glass of wine (cash bar) in the church, or nibble on some cheese and cookies at the printers' or general store.It would be a great stop for folks interested in the history of the area or if you have smaller kids and think Greenfield Village might be a little big or too pricey to tackle with them. It was also a fun place to take photos, and I'd like to go back with my SLR on a nicer day (it was cold with flurries and I only had my point-and-shoot when we visited).They also have the occasional special event, like an upcoming Civil-War themed candlelight walk.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,8/1/2011,91,118,5,8,4>I just discovered this park last week. Somehow, it's been hiding from me all my life. Where Rochester Municipal is more of a family park, Bloomer is more of a park park.Bloomer is surprisingly large, with multiple play areas for kids. I saw a pirate party going on when I biked through. Good times at the Parrrrrrrk!My favorite part of this park is that there are multiple unpaved trails through the woods for jogging/biking. It was still early spring when I biked though, so I couldn't explore all the trails due to standing water and icky mud. The trails are pretty hardcore with steep inclines. I'm pretty sure I died trying to bike back up a massive hill. The trails remind me of when I would explore the forest behind my house when I was a kid. Lots of trees and things to look at. I'm pretty sure Calvin and Hobbes comics could be re-created on these trails. Definitely some of the coolest park trails I've been on.There's also the Velodrome, which, contrary to what I thought, is not a last-man standing death arena, it's actually a biking loop for training and races.Even cooler, there's a big 'ol sledding hill! It's awesome! I'm totally gonna sled this in winter, no matter how dumb I look in snow pants.Every week, I'm discovering more of Bloomer from the un-comfort of my bike seat, and I'm very excited for what Bloomer has in store.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2011,7/31/2011,151,160,1,7,5>It took a very long time for me to find a dentist that truly is concerned about the comfort and well being of me the client.Finally, I have found such in Dr. Sasaki and his staff.Dr. Sasaki uses a needle that creates a vibrating sensation, that's the only way I can describe, which in turn tricks the brain and pain is not felt while he administers anesthesia into the gum area. This, I now know, was always the reason I avoided having needed work performed. That and dentists saying if you feel pain or discomfort let me know and I'll stop, but they didn't! Jerks!This dentist is mild mannered, calm, kind and professional. He does not push services. He gives his opinion and options. Then allows you to decide which is the best for your individual situation.The hygenist was the same. My comfort was the primary concern through out the cleaning.Golly gee, what a concept.Then there's the added bonus of the massage services. This aspect does have a calming effect and helps alleve the built up stress leading up to the dental visit itself.The front desk staff is friendly, helpful and professional. They made certain that my questions were answered about my insurance coverage prior to services performed.Needless to say, I highly recommend this practice. You will not be disappointed.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,7/30/2011,163,84,4,7,7>1. Trucks are the hardware pieces on a skateboard that support the wheels and axles.  2. Typical skateboards come unassembled and you customize them yourself.  Pre-assembled boards are not as cool.3. The tops of the boards need to be covered in grip tape, which is like sandpaper ... so that when you do a trick, you don't end up sliding off and breaking a limb.Now, walking into Modern Skate & Surf, I was unaware of the aforementioned enlightenments.  Who knew what an education we'd be getting when we made the brave endeavor to buy our son a skateboard?  The staff and the service they provided was phenomenal.  We went from going with a pre-assembled plain board that required only that you had feet to ride it with, to a customized number with fancy trucks, matching wheels (but not too "matchy-matchy" we were cautioned), and high-end bearings.  A skaters got nothin' without a wicked set of bearings, ya know.  Ok, so maybe I was nerdin' up the place a little, but it was fun and educational and we made our kid the envy of his skater crew with his gift.In sum ... a great, knowledgeable staff, wide variety of equipment, and the chance to make decisions based on want, need and budget.Skate on! (Ok, I'll quit)
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,7/29/2011,148,80,4,6,4>Congrats, Zingerman's. You get to add +2 onto your "Devoted Groupies" roster that probably boasts an untold number of Midwesterners. To avoid the long Sunday brunch wait and in the mood for something more substantial than eggs and toast, we sat in the bar area and immediately ordered beers off the tap. Our bartender was delighted that we were apparently the only two heathens down to party at 11 AM on a Sunday morning, and immediately mixed up a delicious alcoholic concoction of I-have-no-idea-what and served it to us to try. Further delights followed as we were presented with the tastiest corn grits ever (and I HATE grits) and a side of the also tasty bacon-braised greens before our meals. Spying the oyster list, my inner sea otter squealed and clapped its paws in joy, and was rewarded with some of the freshest (albeit most expensive at $4 each) oysters I have had the pleasure of slurping. Our order of fried chicken was served up piping hot with the crust flavorful and crispy while the meat inside was moist and juicy. A complimentary shot of strawberry fruit smoothie? Perfect sweet ending to our meal. Farm fresh food of the highest quality + excellent execution + a staff that makes it their job for you to enjoy Zingerman's as much as they unmistakeably enjoy working there = recipe for scrumptuous sucess!
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,7/28/2011,60,86,4,8,4>I'm a little confused in doing this review, because La Colmena is, first and foremost, a grocery store, not a restaurant.  Don't get me wrong -- it's a fabulous grocery store.  Very high quality produce (on par with Holiday Market, without the variety) and ridiculously cheap (cheaper than Meijer).  Stock up essentials here, especially "Mexican" foods like peppers, chilies, herbs, and salsa.  Rice pudding is particularly delicious here.It's not quite as easy to get pre-packaged foods here.  They do exist, but the selection isn't vast like it is in most "American" grocery stores.  This does not warrant a minus in my book, since I'm happy to get staples and cook my own food.  I'm docking a star because my experience with the deli options as been less than spectacular.  They don't seem to be refreshed during the day, and by the end of the day, they're mostly dried out and only minimally tasty.  That said, the staff working the counters are friendly and amazing.  I once wanted to get some wings for dinner, and instead of the normal price, they gave me all the remaining ones for a buck-something!  Totally awesome, even if the wings were a little gnarled by that point.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,7/27/2011,34,53,5,6,6>Nonpareil hosts a (free!) BYOB sewing circle. That, my friends, is as good as it gets. I've been looking for a sewing class in the area, not so much for instruction but for the regular motivation to actually finish long-overdue projects. I was browsing the classes at Nonpareil and wondering if this place was my style when I read the description for Crafts and Cocktails: "Bring some friends for a BYOB open sew! Make gifts, start a new project, finish an old project you've put aside, and get professional sewing advice. 21+ please. This is not your grandmother's sewing circle!"Bingo. I felt a little like a teenager sneaking out to a party as I carried a brown bag of beverages into the sewing studio, which is in a converted house right down the street from the Fleetwood. Michelle, the owner, was a fabulous host, providing not only the space but also delicious snacks (brie and jam baked pastries!) and professional sewing advice. All the ladies in attendance were friendly and chatty, and I actually finished hemming a dress that was started two years ago. I had such a great time that I signed up the next day for an alterations class in May. If you're an Ann Arborite with crafty inclinations leaning in the sewing direction, you have to check out Nonpareil.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,7/25/2011,99,290,5,6,6>I've only been to this venue 2x thanks to Metro Times.Both times, I left saying: "I've got to get back here more often"The first time was a part of Metro Times' monthly bar outing. Well, actually the second time was for the same reason, but it's now called "Drinks x Design". Anyway, their Happy Hour menu is one of the best. $3 appetizers!  I SAID $3 APPETIZERS!!Last time, I had the cocktail shrimp which was served with a spicy cocktail sauce. Yum.  It was so good, I ordered it twice. This time, I had the macaroni & cheese... which was interestingly topped with what I believed to be crumbled Ritz crackers. Not sure if I cared for that too much. But the macaroni & cheese underneath was pretty darned good. I also had the fried calamari, which had a couple of octopi fried up and snuck in there. I calmly removed them from my dish. My bartender this time (would give her a shout out, but she never told me her name) was great. Read: My drink was great. Although I've read reviews on Yelp and remember reading about the trek to the ladies room, I completely forgot when I was there. I was reminded that it was through the woods and halfway to grandma's house. I needed a trail of breadcrumbs to find my way back. But anywho, I made my way onto and past the stage, up the stairs and around the corner to the restroom, which was nice & tidy. I love the interior of Cliff Bells. That whole theater feel. It actually puts me in the mind of an old fashioned train car. I love the tiny tables at the bar. I didn't care for my knees being in the most awkward positioning sitting at the bar (not at one of the cute lil tables). I had to sit to either the left or right side because my knees were being smashed into the bar or I'd have to sit like a dude with my legs wide open and i didn't want to do that, either. Other than that, good place. I'd love to return for other drinks, other food and their wonderful entertainment that I keep reading about.
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2011,7/24/2011,198,632,5,11,6>Uh oh, O'sushi has just been put on notice... Sushi House is goooood!  Good enough that we considered 5 stars!Huge restaurant.  Obviously they needed to expand in to the store next door because the day we went, Saturday at 7pm, every table and stool was full.  We squeezed in to the last available 2-top (they moved us later because we'd ordered too much sushi to fit on the little table.  Hee!).We ordered then goggled at all the dishes sailing by.  Almost immediately they gave us Miso Soup and salad (comes free with entrees and 'special' rolls).  The staff must have thought it was taking too long because they later brought us a bowl of edamame to keep us happy.  (honestly, we were fine with waiting because we know sushi takes time, even with FOUR sushi chefs behind the counter!)Started with the octopus salad - three long, thin slices of octopus, heaps of red and white shredded daikon, a pile of various seaweed and cucumber matchsticks, all served in a martini glass.  This was a pretty, fun app.Our four sushi rolls came beautifully presented:  Fire Cracker, Nine Mile, Summer and Wow (check out their website where there are pics and descriptions of each 'special' roll).  The Wow was my least favorite of the four, but I'm also not a fan of tempura-batter, deep fried rolls.  The Summer roll is rice-free, wrapped in cucumber = super fresh.  I also really dug the baked spicy scallop on top of the Nine Mile.  It will be difficult to try other rolls when we know three of the four were good enough to get again.
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2011,7/23/2011,398,356,3,5,4>It has been some time since I have been at the DIA to browse the art there so this review is dedicated to their 'Brunch with Bach'. I had attended the Mother's Day performance as a brunch date (I had completely forgotten it was Mother's Day when I purchased the tickets weeks before) and it was so romantic (although it equally would have been as neat with my mother or family). We were seated at our own little two-person table (They sat groups at tables that would fit them) and directly upon arrival were given coffee and our meals (which were tasty and presented well, surpassing our low expectations of DIA food). The performance started while people were still munching on their food and it was just so relaxed. The performances were so well done and it was very whimsical-like in the courtyard with the sun shining through the glass ceiling and everything happening.It was really an experience. I highly recommend it for any fan of the DIA or the DSO. It's one of those things that anyone would like and is outside of the box as far as usual brunch options. The tickets were $35 pp which can be purchased in advance on the DIA's website and include an entree custom to each event (vegetarian options too!) as well as the performance and museum admission. They also have a $15 concert-only seating ticket for those looking to seek out better food elsewhere.
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2010,7/22/2011,171,85,,7,5>Truth be told I might be a little biased. I've followed the owner of this adorable boutique through several years and 3 of her successful businesses (many of them in downtown Royal Oak). And I've loved every last one. She has a knack for offering the most amazing, eclectic home goods, books and art work around. I guess we're kindred spirits.Walking into Scout always brightens my day. It's the first place I go when I need a gift for a friend or a pick-me-up for myself. A good thing to note-Scout gift-wraps for free! Now that's what I call a birthday and holiday time-saver.You'll find the most creative collection of cards, some amazing art books, elaborate pop art picture frames, beautiful candles, you-name-it. The squirrel shaped clock on the wall is a prime example of an adorable Scout find. This is my candy store.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,7/21/2011,104,113,2,10,1>I would like to start the review out by saying that this is directed to just the mani/pedis because -- well -- it is all I've had done thus far at this place.When you come here make sure when you get to the last 500 ft of your journey (based on what your GPS tells you) that you slow down.  This place is easily passable if you aren't paying attention.For being ranked the best in Detroit by Hour magazine you keep your manicure and pedicure price reasonable at $35 an hour.  This price is the reason I talk about you at least once a week to somebody new.  It also helps that you were ranked best in the area for it.Ashton has been the girl that has done my nails and toes for me both times I've come in.  Each time she has done a wonderful job.  It's been about 2 months since I went in.  I'm not even kidding, the polish is CHIP FREE still.  Granted, my toe nails have been clipped and filed since then so I should say that the upper half of the nail that still has polish is still chip free!!! The ONLY complaint that I have about this place is the lack of color choices.  You are somewhat forced to bring your own polish.  For it being ranked the best in Detroit you would think they would have a lot more color options to choose from.  I called the other day asking if they had any of the new OPI colors from the Burlesque line.  Unfortunately, they didn't even have any of the new colors for the fall/winter Swiss line.  If you are looking for a common pink or red color they have plenty of options.  If you want something still in that range, or something completely different, you are on your own.I would highly highly HIGHLY recommend this place for their manicures and pedicures.  Thank you Ashton for doing a phenom job!
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2011,7/20/2011,109,76,2,7,3>It's taken me a while to review BBB, but I feel now that I've been there enough I can give a full account...The first time I went with my dad, we got some burgers. As usual, I went pretty plain with a burger that had just ketchup and mustard. Call me lame, but that's how I can really get a good taste of the burger. When you pile all those toppings on, it dulls the flavor. I have to say, the burger was quite delicious. And the Build Your Own Burger idea never gets old. They have lots of toppings to choose from. I particularly like the buns they use: white bread, no sesame seeds.Since the first visit, I have tried the cheese sticks, chicken fingers, and tater tots. They're all great appetizers to dig into. They have a pretty good selection of beer too. When it comes to cheaper beers, I have always favored 312; and this is one of the few places close to home that has it on tap.Service is excellent. Since it's such a small place, they strive to keep you happy. I have also recently gotten to know the owners and bartenders by stopping in from time to time, and that makes me feel even more welcome.All in all, it's a nice place to come hang with friends and have a drink. I really like that they have trivia on Mondays, too.
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2011,7/19/2011,59,121,4,6,4>Dearest Pete's Place,  you're enough to make me get out of bed early on Sunday morning to get breakfast-- and that's saying a lot!The coffee is fantastic! What is it that they add? A hint of Cinnamon? Nutmeg? Whatever it is, I love it! Just the perfect little note to add some depth to the taste. The service is always top-notch. All of the servers I've had were extremely friendly and very attentive. The prices are reasonable for the quality/portion, and the atmosphere can only be defined as "charming."Highlights for me have included the Smoked Salmon Platter, The Asparagus and Brie omelet,  Lobster Bisque and the Eggs Benedict. Jonny P. mentioned the potatoes, and I have to as well. It's so refreshing to not feel like you're about to have a coronary after eating a good breakfast potato. The fact that Pete's does not drench them in butter is a major plus! I also enjoy the sausage: not greasy, mealy little links, but a delicious smoked polish-style sausage that has perfectly complimented every dish I've ordered it with. I also noticed that it's BYOB. During the last visit, 2 tables brought in their own champagne and made mimosas! Now I need to get back for dinner!
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2011,7/18/2011,107,357,4,19,7>This is an awesome vet's office with great prices and very caring staff. Our first visit was about two years ago. Jake and I were given a box of abandoned kittens to take to the shelter... but there was one kitten that caught our eye. She was a grey tabby with a little ginger mixed in. Of course she was the runt so we had to keep her.  We knew something was wrong when she stopped using the litter box. We brought her here because they were close to where we lived at the time and their reviews on Google. The building is small and unassuming on the street. Their waiting area is spacious, although I hate that they play looping commercials about fleas, ticks, heart worm, microchips, etc on their TV in the waiting room AND in the exam rooms. Just a small annoyance.Our yet-unnamed kitten had a urinary tract infection but they fixed her up with a week-long regimen of medicine to get her back to health. We took the newly-named Mika back to the vet a couple weeks later to get her up to date on her shots. Their prices were very affordable and the care was top-notch.When Mika's unwavering growls of desire kept us up too late, too many nights, we called around to have her spayed. Most offices I called wanted at least $180 including anesthesia and painkillers for after the surgery (side-note why are anesthesia and painkillers an option for a surgery like that? I hope no fur-parent would opt NOT to give their fur-children numbing during a surgery.). Dix Animal Hospital charged me around $140 including anesthesia and painkillers for the procedure including an overnight stay. Mika's healing process was fine but because she didn't wear her e-collar, her wound became infected. We took her up there to have the doctor look at the stitches. He administered an antibiotic on the spot and didn't charge us a penny. Their kindness was appreciated!We've also taken our other cat Neelo to this office. They've been very generous with him as well by not charging us for an ear cleaning and a steroid shot to clear up a hematoma, among other things.The people who work at Dix Animal Hospital care about animals. Even better, the prices are great and they're willing to work with you depending on your budget.
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2011,7/17/2011,69,416,3,6,4>I have been meaning to go to this place for a long time. Finally, today, I was east of I-75 and I had an excuse. A friend and I drove east to Sterling heights and found the place. We spotted the tables and umbrellas out front and the classic Red Green and White striped sign with the classic colors of the flag of Italy. When we walked in the door, I felt like I was back in New York or New Jersey.  The smell of fresh bread olive oil and balsamic vinegar hit us right in the noses. I noticed cases stocked with fresh homemade pastas and shelves loaded with imported Italian goods, as we walked to the back of the store.  That is where the case with the cold cuts are located and where they were making up fresh sandwiches. I took a look at the submarine sandwiches menu. Well, this is going to be easy I thought. It HAS to be an Italian sub. There were several choices though. I opted for the Italian sub on the 8 inch hard roll. The other selections were a traditional 8 inch sub roll which was described as a "soft roll" and an entire loaf of bread which looked about 22 inches long and enough to feed and entire construction crew. And then there was a sandwich served on "Artisan Breads" which cost even more than an entire loaf of Italian bread. So I opted for the hard roll. It cost $ 7.50. The one on a sub roll was $ 7.00, the sandwich made on an entire loaf of Italian bread was $ 16 and the Artisan bread was $ 21.00. The lady behind the counter asked me if I wanted hot peppers. Of course, I said. My buddy ordered similarly, although he opted for the softer sub roll. When she handed over the freshly made wrapped sandwiches, we knew that we would not be leaving hungry. They felt as if they weighed about a pound each. We sat outside and enjoyed the sandwiches. Wow, they were really great! The hot peppers made the Italian meats and cheese pop. I never asked the woman who made the sandwiches what they contained, but I am pretty sure they contained prosciutto, mortadella, capicola, Genoa salami and mozzarella. The bread was hard and tasty on the outside but it was soft on the inside which made for a nice mouth feel. And there was plenty of zesty Italian dressing covering the fresh lettuce, onion and tomato slices. These were three or four napkin kind of sandwiches to be sure. It was a pretty much silent meal as we munched away at these great sandwiches. I did hear a few moans of mandible delight coming from my friend and also from the people sitting at the other tables. The only way to describe the combination of tastes and consistencies is to say mouth-gasm. But Ventimiglia is not only about sandwiches. They sell real Italian meats and cheeses sliced up by the pound and they also sell freshly made sausages and other fresh cooked and raw Italian butcher meats too. In the frozen cases they have frozen bags of various varieties of homemade filled pastas like tortellini, ravioli and the like and they have such things as garlic and herb gnocchi too. On the shelves they have all of the Italian pre-packaged foods that you would expect including dried pastas. They also have a small slef-serve hot soup bar which we did not try. It looked good though.  And they sell espresso makers and other implements of gastronomic pleasure. As an aside, I was planning to buy some ground espresso that day and I had a discount coupon from another store that was on my way home, so I didn't buy espresso at Ventimiglia. But for the record, the LaVazza Oro that I did buy elsewhere at around $ 12.50 a can, was only $ 8.99 at Ventimiglia. Even with the coupon, it was cheaper at Ventimiglia.  So I know where I am going when I need more. Nice friendly people, good food and good prices. What more can you ask for? Mangia!
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2011,7/16/2011,44,163,,8,3>Tucked away behind Downtown Home and Garden (the old Hertler Brother's space) - this is a gem of an idea!First of all, I'd bring a few empty tupperware containers with you and some silverware - easier to eat out of, for saving leftovers, and save having to throw away your packaging every time you dine. Also, there is very limited seating - there is some, but it's almost entirely "balance your food on your lap" variety.On to my faves:San Street's Pork buns: meltingly yummy pork and fat in a delectable folded bun, vinegared cukes, scallion, soy glaze. The mushroom version is also really good for those of you who do not do pork.Humble Hogs: "headcheese hoagie" - is essentially rich sausage and mustard on buttered toast, try it, you will LIKE it. Also have kick-butt macaroni and cheese (it's *sniff* better than mine...alas!) Debajo del SolAnything with potato and/or chorizo...DELISH!The Lunch Room VeganGreat cookies! Egads, they are tasty - I would not know these treats were missing any butter, eggs, etc. Good curry too.Darcy'sSplit 3 pork tacos with my husand...with a squirt of lime juice they were very good, I no longer have to venture to Ypsi for a real taco (not that I'll stop frequenting Ypsi, I'll just be eating more tacos in general...)Can't wait to see what the future has in store for these entrepreneurs. Bravo! I still have a few more carts to try, but I'll write those up too ;O)
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2011,7/15/2011,182,168,4,7,7>Who in the Metro hasn't been tempted to visit Polonia? Especially after their appearance on Anthony Bourdain's "No Reservations", this is one place we've been yearning to try for almost a year. Their soups, Dill Pickle and Duck were both tasty. I have to admit neither sounded that appealing to me (especially the duck soup knowing it had duck blood).... but i'm glad I threw caution to the wind and tried them. The polish trio appetizer with pierogies, sausage and potato pancakes was excellent but by the end of it i think it ruined my appetite for the main course. We also ordered the lard which was better spread over the hot pancakes so it melted... eating it cold with the baskets of cold bread just didn't taste right. My beef goulash was UH-MAZE-ING! I wish I had enough room in my tummy to finish it all! The city chicken dinner's looks deceived us, it looked like small portions of chicken on a stick but it actually was a plentiful amount of juicy tender chicken breast. Being such a homely and inviting environment, the staff could stand to be a little less brief. They were really nice and I loved that our food came out real quick, but the waitress was like Road Runner... "beep, beep" and she was off! It was hard to catch her to even ask for water or condiments.  Other than that, it was a great experience, I will definitely try to go here again. **Note: they are now open on Sundays  =D
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,7/14/2011,196,355,5,9,6>Count me in as a fan!  I've been meaning to go here for a while based on the reviews I've read, and often high expectations are a recipe for let down.  Not this time.  From the cheery, kitschy decor including novelty salt & pepper shakers on every table, to the shop rags for napkins, to the brisk, no-nonsense service, every aspect of the Fly Trap works well together.  And that definitely, oh so definitely, includes the food.  Thank you Danielle L. and Andrea C. for recommending the huevos rancheros - it was a party in my mouth!  Spicy, cool, savory, smooth, crunchy....  Hubby got the cowboy steak with a "rumble" of eggs (scrambled) and garlic roasted potatoes.  Although the spiciness of the cowboy sauce crept up on him, he thoroughly enjoyed the eggs, commenting "they're great!"  Bakery fresh wheat toast with chokeberry jam was a great accompaniment.This is not a cheap place -- the bill for the two of us came to nearly 24 dollars, but the quality of the food and the total experience is worth it.Oh - and their coffee is delicious!
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2011,7/13/2011,86,521,4,4,3>I'm not sure what I can add that nearly 40 other yelpers have already said about this place, but it is good and lives up to its reputation.It looks like a hole in the wall, and the wood paneling in the entryway does not make it look promising. Inside, though, is a family-owned restaurant with a friendly staff, good food at good prices, at least off the lunch menu.My friend had a  noodle dish and said it was the best Thai meal of her life - how's that for a recommendation? I got the spring rolls, which were pretty standard, nothing special, for my appetizer. For my main dish, I got Pad Ped, and while it was good, I wouldn't say it was the best of my life. It had a strange smell - I think from the preservatives they used in the vegetables or the tofu - but it tasted really good. I didn't find the portions to be stingy at all, and there were many squares of tasty fried tofu.They give you a free cup of hot and sour soup with every lunch order Monday-Friday. I didn't try mine, but my lunch date said it was good. They do charge extra for a number of things, including using your credit card, but I still felt the meal was a value. For 9-ish bucks, I had enough leftover for a satisfying lunch the next day.
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2011,7/12/2011,84,138,5,7,6>I had no idea i would eat there today. It was a spur of the moment decision... I knew I wanted something fresh and healthier than most. I was headed north and then decided eff this I've got some time and some cash I turned around and headed south and then over to Namaste Flavours.Mostly based upon reviews from various fellow Elite Yelpers is the only reason I ventured in.I limped in (I am now wearing a walking cast) and was greeted by an amazing smell. I knew first off this would be something different. I've been told many times to visit on the weekend but hell I was here and no time like the present.Yes the decor is weird. and It felt weird to "walk" in and see a massive wave of people. I think I was the only white dude in the place. I was quite pleased. A skinny dark fellow in a salmon colored shirt told me they were quite busy and it could be a few minutes for a table. I walked back to the buffet and got a tray with plates and bowls. I spied the cooler and saw they had several varieties of pop. TJ recommended I try a Thums Up but I did not see any so I snagged a Limca to try. I really had no clue what to expect as I am a complete Indian Food Noob. I know very very little about the cuisine other than it is normally spicy and saucy. An Indian  couple man/woman in front of me and saw the look on my face and deduced properly I had no clue. the woman asked if I liked Indian food and I said I don't know, this is my 1st time. they both took turns telling me what was what. I took some "special Veg Biryani" and then some plain white rice and put some "Chicken Tikka masala" on it. then scooped up several pieces of Naan bread and then something that resembled veges in a brown sauce - i recognized mushroom and some sort of greens. then I sampled some sort of cucumber dish that was I guess a salad of cucumbers, carrots, and onion. Lastly I took a couple pieces of some very crunchy crisps that were called "papad" (?).I wasn't sure where I was going to sit, it was still jam packed. I stood for a minute when the same indian couple man/woman who helped me in the buffet line told me I could sit at their table. This was pure and simple hospitality. I accepted and sat at the end of the table. The couple smiled at me and the man introduced himself as Tom. I did not understand his wife's name but I smiled. They were sitting with several other people all very dark and wonderfully smiling people all with seemingly open attitudes. I was humble and hungry.My absolute favorite thing was the special vegetable biryani. it had chunks of something fried which was not meat but had the texture of meat. and it was a quite varied medley of flavors. Much better than any plain rice. I loved the Naan as well. I am a fan of flat bread and these pieces were plain as far as I could tell but were so fluffy and flavorful they did not need anything. I tried the Chicken tikka misala and although it was a good flavor it was not as spicy as I had hoped.  I actually wish it was more robust. But it was very good none the less. There were some other items I tried but the flavors were so different I did not care for them.the friendly dark fellow in the salmon shirt who greeted me when I walked in the door flew by and asked if I enjoyed everything. I said only thing I wish I had was a thums up. the guy said he would get me one... I said no it was ok I had already drank half this Limca. he said no problem and rushed to the back and within 5 seconds took the half full Limca and handed me a Thums Up. As I was sitting there enjoying my weird but tasty Indian Sodapop there was a commotion at the front, in walked about 12 muscular football sized white american guys in ties dressed to a t. the friendly dark fellow in the salmon shirt greeted them and sat them up at the front. I surmised I came at the right time earlier when I did, I was not sure how much food would be left with 12 tall big football player sized white american dudes had come to eat.I have to admit - almost every buffet I've ever visited I usually do not make more than 2 trips through. At Namaste I made 5 trips to the buffet. I ate enough to fill a Bear before hibernation. It was damn good food. And even though the service was nil, the hospitality from some extremely polite and friendly Indian people was amazing too. I will definitely return. and definitely come back for the weekend buffet.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,7/11/2011,142,231,4,12,7>I think before the rapture really happens, you all need to try iburger Lounge in Dearborn.   Recently opened, it's located in a small little plaza off Michigan Avenue.   Being the first to review, I must share my experience.The husband (Drew T) went there last friday night and sat at one of their few outside tables.   We sat, and sat, and sat, and nobody even looked at us.  How in the world would that merit a 5 start review?   Well, here it goes...The hubs and I got up to leave, and a random man stopped us.  He asked us if we didn't like the menu, but we told him we were leaving because we'd been there a while and nobody even bothered to tell us to shove it, much less get us drinks.This man was visibly upset, and offered to buy us dinner, so we decided to stay..  Pretty quickly we realized he was the owner.  He got us drinks, silverware, and took our order.  Also after that, every server in the joint was waiting on us hand and foot.  They have specialty bugers, sandwiches, salads, and entree's.  I had a 3 cheese hamburger and it was FANTASTIC!  Also, their fries were clearly fresh and homemade.  Any self respecting foodie can tell the difference.   Hubs loved his too.   The server handed us the check and the owner quickly snatched it up and took care of it.  We started talking to him and tell him how grateful we were for turning us around.   His name is Houssam Aoude and he was cool as heck.   He told us every time we come back, he'll give us 10% off.   They do not serve alcohol - my guess is they haven't gotten their liquor license yet.  But if you want a drink, just cross the parking lot to either The Well or Moose's Martini Pub.   Hubs and I both agreed Osam worked it and turned us both around.  He clearly is a customer focused owner and I applaud that.   We'll be back, a lot!
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,7/10/2011,149,123,2,7,5>I'm a bit stingy with my 5 stars and seem to have been generous with them in Chicago, so I was ecstatic to have a true 5-star meal and experience at 24 Grille right here in the great city of Detroit!My husband and I had a fixed 3 course meal menu to choose from as part of the "Make It A Night" package with Spa 19 and Westin Book Cadillac, and I'm looking forward to going back and trying everything else on the menu!I started with the Cochinita Tacos, which despite the fact that this is not a Mexican restaurant, were some of the best tacos I've had in this area. Word of caution - these are on the spicy side, but it's so worth it!Next up was the Tortellachi Bourguignon. So rich and flavorful, fully of amazing tastes and textures. Yum. Wrapped up with some of the homemade sorbets, which again, did not disappoint.In addition to great food and friendly service (and, may I say, a pretty talented bar tender), the atmosphere is truly fantastic. This is a truly urban dining experience, with the lighting, music, seating - all JUST right. I'm in love with 24 Grille!
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,7/9/2011,68,109,6,19,11>I'm in love. This store, though messy, was the perfect place to get inspiration, find furniture/odd & ends, and reminisce about the good ol' days as almost every object in the place can spark a memory. We went to browse for an hour after I kept seeing ads on Craigslist. I was a little off-put when I walked in because there is stuff on top of stuff on top of more stuff. It's like a giant catch all basement with a little bit of everything. We started off at looking at some larger pieces of furniture. There was some junkier pieces that could potentially be fixed up if you are the artistic type. Those pieces were priced to reflect their condition so no harm there. Then there were some sturdy, well-made pieces of furniture from yesteryear that you just can't find anymore. I like strong older furniture so it was very nice to see such pieces. There were also some more modern pieces that looked gently used, if at all (like new). The selection was overwhelming but I liked it.The store also had an endless selection of lamps, knick-knacks & paddy-whacks, vintage/used clothes, appliances (big & small), hotel furniture, artwork, mirrors, and the list goes on. Nothing was organized in any way and you really had to dig to find something. To me, that is part of the stores charm. Something quite mentionable though; the staff knew exactly where everything was. They knew all the prices off the tops of their heads, and even the back story of most of the pieces. Also, some of the more difficult pieces to see (as in, they were buried), were easily pulled up on their in-store computer. They took photo's of EVERYTHING before the item was tossed into the store so they had pictures to view online. The pictures included detailed measurements, pricing, condition of the item, and some basic history. I was amazed that a store that appeared to be so jumbled together actually had their shit together on the business side of things. A crazy and nice surprise. Another mentionable moment about the staff is how chatty they were (in a good way). A guy named Mike came out to help us and gave us pricing info, some measurements, and even logged us onto the PC to show us clear pictures of each item we had interest in. He also said that they do negotiate!!! This was awesome news to us because when buying used things, part of the fun for us is the negotiation. He then mentioned that they deliver for a small fee and will set up your items in your home if needed. We also met Fred who was very friendly and had a lot of great ideas to give for particular pieces. They were both helpful and did not pressure us a bit. All in all, my boyfriend and I both had a great time at this store and wish they wouldn't have been closing at 6. We could have stayed for hours. Especially after we found out that they have an upstairs too. We will be going back and most likely, will be purchasing some funky, unique items to help furnish our new house next month. Like I said.................I'm in love.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,7/8/2011,70,153,17,11,11>After logging in much time watching the British sitcom Peep Show, my man was soon on the hunt for something called Scotch eggs.  Hard-boiled eggs wrapped in sausage then battered and fried sounded like handfuls'a heaven to him!  On a quest to procure said layered delight, we learned that Ye Olde Saloon has them and I smiled.  This place is the anti-status-quo Royal Oak bar...I bet puka shell necklaces and Ed Hardy would poof into smoke on contact!   The decor is kitsch perfection.  Made to look like the inside of a barn complete with mural horses in stalls, wooden beams and lanterns also abound.  There's a shuffleboard table, pool, fun pinball games, and I was delighted to find a Multicade game complete with Frogger!   Uncle Butch loved his Scotch eggs served with yummy "pub sauce", and they even had a tasty veggie burger for me!The chick behind the bar was an attentive sweetheart, and due to happy hour and "Beer o' the Month", my Coronas were $1.50 and colder'n Frosty's nuts!Ye Olde is like your fun, Rodney Dangerfield-esque uncle walking into a trendy Royal Oak suare clutching a Bud.  Nah, on second thought he was there kicked back his recliner the whole time.
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2011,7/7/2011,77,274,10,11,6>In the younger portion of my middle age, I've learned a few important things about drinking. That quality beats quantity. That I'm in so much better shape the next morning when I stop myself after three pints. That as I push myself beyond my three pint cut-off point, my jokes tend to lose their cohesion and I delve off into some strange sort of Sean Connery impersonation. Knowing all of these things, I still drank six pints at Kuhnhenn's the other day. And as I belligerently babbled in the passenger seat as my lady tried not to lose her cool, thinking I was so in for it the next day for` taking her to dinner at a place that really didn't have food, I concluded it was so worth it.The biggest problem with Kuhnhenn is that there's so much quality on the menu, you can't help but over-imbibe. I started with the Imperial Creme Brulee Java Stout, and was glad I ordered it first because I don't think I could have said its name toward the end of my drinking spree. It had a heavy coffee flavor, which worked well for a porter. The DRIPA had a certain dangerous quality to it, as it didn't taste as strong as a beer with that high of alcohol content should. Another favorite was the Belgian Strong, which had a crisp fruit tone that masked a huge APV. The White Devil, while an accurate description of me, was the one beer that didn't really hit the mark as it was a bit too Hoegaarden's for me. If you're thinking of heading into Kuhnhenn, do it. You'll probably thank me. Your liver? That's another story.
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,7/5/2011,21,56,3,4,3>I swear ive been slapping myself stupid for the past two days after my first time at Greene's Hamburgers. Ive been driving past the establishment for years and never bothered to explore it. Guess size really doesnt matter...when it comes to food!!I would've given Greene a 5 star if not for the tiny box it resides in and the less than friendly service. First thing that i wanna point out is the size of the burger. After reading thru reviews i still couldnt make up my mind if i need to order one or more to fill my tummy. Some reviews called it a slider but i think its more of a junior burger size. I dont think one would be enough for anyone! The cheeseburger is absolutely fantastic. The burger might not look attractive but believe me when i say it packs a powerful punch. The grilled onions, pickles, mustard all came together perfectly. The patties did not appear to be nicely layered but all mushed up instead. Yet it did not take away anything from the flavor of the burger in general. I also tried the fish sandwich which is the one thing im least impressed. Its just a patty of fried fish between the bun. The onion rings and fries on the other hand is excellent. I love how the onion rings are coated in think crispy batter just the way i like it. and the triple cheeseburger Ellen L accidentally ate in her review was mine!
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2011,7/4/2011,132,325,5,5,6>in the dark, dank days of january i miss the zoo the most.since acquiring a three year old nephew, i have re-discovered the joys of the detroit zoo.  it makes a perfect afternoon of animal watching, people watching and picnic making.i've only been to the national zoo, the toledo zoo and the one in chicago by the lake to compare it to, but i think detroit has a pretty good zoo.the newer polar bear exhibit far exceeds the one it replaced.  the hands on prairie dog exhibit and kangaroo walk through are probably my favorite.  except the hippos.  we need something a little more interactive with these beautiful fattys.  i want one of my own!this year as i'm a little older, i noticed that the landscaping was really quite nice and the layout was thought out.  unlike many of the other reviews, i have never had trouble seeing animals, nor have i experienced any really long lines.  i enjoy the fact that the animals have room to roam and that i may have to peek around to find them.  i miss only one thing from my childhood.  the elephants and their painted tracks that guided you through the zoo.ps dea-they have free range peacocks.  try eating your lunch near the lions and you'll meet at least 3.  my nephew was in awe and fear of them.love, juston
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,7/2/2011,81,147,3,9,4>I really could end my review with one word: Takoyaki!!  But I tend to babble anyway and could go on forever about Japanese food, so here we go.I have not seen Takoyaki at a Japanese grocery store/restaurant in the US and I was so excited when I saw it-I was actually jumping up and down.  When I used to go grocery shopping in Japan I would always get takoyaki to snack on (it was like grabbing popcorn at Target).    It is a dough ball filled with octopus, also known as heaven.   They also had a wide variety of ready made sushi, salads, and even (my favorite) yakisoba!  In addition, there is a sushi bar in the back that made great takeout sushi at a very reasonable price. In addition, good selection of rice, Kirin, Sapporo, different kinds of curry, and a pretty decent snack section.  Overall, One World Market had the best groceries I have seen in the Metro area.  And I left pouting that it is so far away from my home in Troy.  I could see myself buying a lot of lunches from here with their selection of ready-made food.  My only two disappointments were that I couldn't find the Pocky I used to eat in Japan (coffee flavored), but I cannot find it anywhere so I wasn't entirely surprised.  Also, seeing that they had Kirin and Sapporo I was hoping to find Chu-Hi (a fruity alcoholic beverage).  But again, I haven't found it anywhere, so I really cannot hold it against them.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2011,7/1/2011,267,274,6,22,6>So....this review definitely falls into the "a little bit TMI but much too good not to yelp about" category. I don't mean to brag...but I am sort of an expert at brazillian waxes (wait...is that even something to brag about?? oh well). A little history for you. My husbands job used to be very mobile. We traveled all over the place. Lived in New York, Los Angeles, Chicago...etc etc. I am very anti-shaving so in every city I always had to find a good waxer. SO...needless to say I was waxed in many cities by many different people. Some were good...some were bad...but I definitely feel like I am at the point where I can refer to myself as a expert judge as to what a good waxer should be. This was my first time at Georgi's. I am a little upset that I did not know about her until now! Her studio is very spa like. It is very clean, welcoming and relaxing. The second I walked in the door I was given a warm hello by Georgi and her receptionist. Onto the waxing. There is no way to sugar coat a brazillian wax. You are basically getting naked from the waist down and having hair ripped out from your most private of areas. But honestly....this really truly was one of the least painful brazillians that this "expert" has ever had. Georgi is very fast and efficient and makes the whole experience as "un-awkward" as she can. She uses large waxing strips so the whole process goes a lot quicker....and when you are getting a bikini wax the quicker the better! I also got my brows waxed when I was there. It is always very scary to get your brows done by a new person. The way your eyebrows are waxed can totally change the look of your face. Georgi was GREAT! My brows are kind of hard to work with as they are not very thick but she gave them a fabulous arch and I can't stop looking at them in the mirror.To cap it off, waxes here are relatively affordable AND she even has discounts for first time customers as well as repeat customers. Bonus!Michigan is VERY lucky to have Georgi in the area. It is hard to find a waxer as good as her...so if you are looking to take the leap into brazillian waxing (or any kind of waxing for that matter) contact Georgi...trust me. I am an expert after all!!!
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,6/30/2011,660,114,,11,5>Café D'Mongo's is on Griswold Street next door to a synagogue and across the street from Eros Lounge, an "exotic entertainment" lounge.  D'Mongo's location is between a religious congregation center and a strip club, which only adds to the mystique.   Entering D'Mongo's is not mystifying, though.  Any visitor is immediately welcomed and directed to the bar or a table.  We were welcomed by no less than three people - the hostess, bartender, and Larry D'Mongo (owner) - not only does greeting each visitor put newbies at ease, it also makes return visitors feel like regulars.Courtney, our bartender/waitress, was a dynamo jumping from behind the bar to our table with speed and a smile.  I requested their signature cocktail, which is a "Detroit Brown," an accessible, tasty drink - sweet and oaky with a fierce, bitter finish.  A full bar is available as well as some choice beers including bottles from Motor City Brew Works.  Don't stop at cocktails, though, because the food is nothing short of brilliant.  A simple soul food menu gives you a choice of two entrées: BBQ chicken or BBQ ribs and 4 sides: macaroni and cheese, potato salad, collard greens, or black-eyed peas.  A dinner (which costs around $11) is 1 entrée and 2 sides. The ribs are toothsome and require some work, but worth the struggle.  Conversely, the chicken is fall off the bone tender and has a sweet, smoky flavor.  Of the sides, the macaroni & cheese is the must have - dense, cheesy, and baked to crusty perfection.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,6/29/2011,55,85,2,8,7>I got to introduce a newbie to Red Coat Tavern the other day!I've been going to Red Coat in Royal Oak for years, and enjoyed the West Bloomfield location when it was Zinc.  The decor has not changed, and you can still get the amazing Zinc Burger.  Honestly though, I wish they would have left it at Zinc--because that place was really special, with great food and wine.  I digress.Since  this was my friend's first time, we both ordered the original Red Coat burger.A half pound of fresh ground beef, grilled to perfection and topped with chopped lettuce, tomatoes and special sauce.  Burgers were divine.  I ordered a side of fries, which were just ok, while my friend ordered the onion rings.  The rings came out hot and crispy. Taking a bite gives you a perfect outside crunch, warm sweet onion and none of that long stringy onion that pulls out of the breading like you get at some places. Best onion rings in town!Red Coat also boasts an excellent selection of craft beers from Michigan and elsewhere.
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,6/28/2011,68,72,9,20,10>Yes, this is a 5 star review for a plumbing business.  I'm just as shocked as you.As a woman with long hair, several pets, no in-sink garbage disposal, and male house guests who elect to shave off their gnarly beards above my bathroom sink- I've gotten pretty good at cleaning out blockages in my pipes.  I know how to snake a drain, take apart a p-trap, install new pipes, etc.  I've lived in my old 1920's house for 5 years with multiple issues that I've tackled without the assistance of a plumber.  Not much phases me.However, when funky water started gurgling up in my basement shower whenever I ran a load of laundry, I was stumped.  And not just stumped- freaked out.  Homegirl doesn't really want to tangle with anything concerning sewage lines.I didn't look around for a plumber- I called the first one I saw in a local newspaper.  The fact that their motto is "no bull" was cute, but not really a selling point.  What did intrigue me was the "no dig" method of sewer repair, the drain jetting, and the sewer camera.  The year prior I had witnessed a neighbor have his yard ripped apart for an extremely expensive sewer repair; I figured if my drain issue was major, these guys could probably handle it better than the conventional plumber my neighbor used.The service tech came out on time, calling and confirming his arrival beforehand.  He made a point of using my side door to avoid messing up my house with snow and "debris" from the sewer snake.  Apparently it was a simple matter of tree roots growing from the storm line into the main sewer line through an old-timey junction that the 1920's builder thought was a smart choice.  Nothing big. I asked about applications of RootX (the previous owner of the house had recommended that I get them every year- of course I didn't listen), and after discussing how long I had been in the house without incident, the tech said I could likely steer clear.  Drain cleaning was $65; RootX treatments are $185.  It was hugely refreshing to deal with someone who was upfront about cost vs benefit.Overall, they were professional, efficient, willing to work around my crazy schedule, and cheap.  If I ever need plumbing services again, I'll definitely use them.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,6/27/2011,794,350,1,6,5>The only thing missing was the plastic plates and forks!This place had an authentic "Mexico" feel to it. Not because it had a sombrero on the wall, not because it had pictures of the Mexico landscape that had faded from the light, it just had an authentic "feel" to it. After going to Mexico on many business trips I felt like I was there. From the smell to the friendly Mexican greeting to the taste of the food.Ahh, the taste. They offer all of their dishes in the traditional Mexican way, chicken, GROUND BEEF(american style) and shreaded beef, or pork.I opted for my favorite and landmark test for all mexican restaurants, the beef enchilada, light onions. I had the lunch combo so I went with one american and one mexican beef, refritos, and rice. Excellent, I am not sure what special "spice" they added but they tasted great. I had that feel I was in Mexico. I even tried to speak spanish. The rice also had a good flavor, not sure what it was either, definitely not american. The chips were served extremely hot as they just removed them from the hot boiling grease to my plate. Salsa, good, not great.Julio's, I hope you make it!!!! Good food, good service.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2011,6/26/2011,48,87,4,7,5>Plus one and I have a bike/running route we go on (well, more often it's just him) that goes past what appears to be an old pool table manufacturer.  Over the past year, we've seen this place gutted and gradually turn into what we thought was some sort of secret Ferndale red light club. Now that the Big Event is over, we decided to get back to the things we love to do other than seating charts and veil shopping.  After a few drinks out at Cork and Gracie's Underground, we had a nice little buzz going and walked over to this mysterious building with no outside signs.  We figured we'd follow the bunch of girls in and have fewer problems if it was a secret club.Luckily, no password was necessary.  Instead, we had stumbled upon this delightful little gem of a place.  Walking in, you feel like you're in some some of boxcar with women coming up to you saying in an accent, "Cigarette?" "Altoid?"  from a suitcase.  Only there's better music  in a background that's quiet enough where you have no problem hearing the person across from you.The drink menu consists of Valentine Vodka drinks and limited snacky snacks. Another option is to order food from Comos, which I'll pass on.  I could survive for days on these Vodka drinks.  Delicious drinks that I had to stop trying or else risk a severe hangover.I love swanky little bars like this.  I could do without the short-short waitress attire one was wearing because it cheapens it into yet another bar where men will flock because of hot waitresses.  And this is really not a place men should be trying to order buffalo wings with a side of ass.  I would hate to see it turn into a place with a creepy older men/ younger women Wednesday night asian fusion dance floor pick up scene of a certain area restaurant.  But I have the feeling it's way above that, and I'm so excited to see the scene that develops here.  GREAT ADDITION to Ferndale.  I foresee many a evening spent here ending with a nice stroll home.  FOUR and a HALF.
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2010,6/25/2011,48,139,11,9,5>Living in the Midwest may kill me.  I say this, because I think the idea of portion sizing here is a bit different from other places.  I ordered the Romanian Sausage at Bucharest Grill, and what I received was two sausages each approaching one foot in length on top of a deep mound of curly fries.  A whole cup of cabbage salad came with it.  The picture on the menu does not do the serving justice.  So, I'm going to upload a picture of all of this complete with a pint glass to show the scale of the thing.I'm happy to say it was all good.  I don't know how happy I am with myself that I ate it all.  The first bite of the curly fries revealed them to be a better example than that I have had lately.  They were appropriately seasoned.  I added nothing to them except the sound of my moans of appreciation.  The sausage, I could have eaten without condiments.  They were super tasty with just enough of all those lovely spices--the pepper, the anise (I think), and whatever else is in there.  It was so reminiscent of an Italian sausage.  They equipped me with some ketchup and mustard squirt bottles.  I only tried using the yellow mustard on the sausage for curiosity's sake.  Sure enough, it was good that way too.  I imagine that I'll be back for more of their delightful versions of meat in tube form.If you want beer with your sausage, have a seat in the Park Bar, which is connected to Bucharest Grill.  You can get all the great food over there.  You can also have some tasty beverages from the Motor City Brewing Works there.  It's really a fine combination.
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,6/24/2011,376,267,5,8,7>This place represents the epitome of NY thin crust. Along with a wood burning oven and a list of toppings that is sure not to disappoint, (check out their website, there's far too many to name) New York City Pizza really lives up to it's name.The hubby and I ordered pizza there to take out and had expected a good 20 minute wait. Not with thin crust, no siree!  Within 10 minutes of ordering we were out the door with some of the most delicious pizza to hit my taste buds in a good long while.Half the pizza was pepperoni's, banana peppers and mushrooms. The other half was artichoke, feta and sun dried tomato. Both halves were delicious, but in very different ways. I was surprised to find that I prefer the flavor combo with the feta, artichoke and sun dried tomato. We savored every bite! The crust was so crispy and perfect, there weren't any rejected crusts on either plate. All that was left, in fact, was smiles of satisfaction. Thank you NYC za, you have filled a much needed void. Did I mention it was cheap? A large pizza with loads of toppings for just 11 bucks. Doesn't get much better than that, folks.Thin crust is alive and well! Yippeeeeee!!!
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,6/23/2011,221,215,9,11,10>The menu says "A Finer Diner" If by that they mean great service, clean environment, fresh food, and tomato basil soup so good you want to eat it everyday then "A Finer Diner" is for sure what Side Street has going on!! So let me tell you about this soup!! Holy Soup!! A basic tomato base with stewed tomato chunks and fresh basil just floating around doing the back stroke waiting for you to swoon over it's awesomeness! Now for the Mac and Cheese.....it's the kind you dream of. You know the thick rich creamy kind that's a little toasty on top. The kind your spoon sinks into and will stand straight up in it's so thick and delish. ITS THAT KIND!! My BF got a burger! The burgers are great they have a large list of build your own type items all fresh and perfect!! He got shrooms swiss onions peppers and something else. This came with a cup of soup and great crispy fries! Needless to say we left there with very happy bellies and the price was on. For us to feast and have the best service it was $20! HI I LIKE THAT!! So if and or when you are skipping thru the Village check it out. I love they always have a variety of fresh cakes under old glass cake dishes on the counter too!! Ive been back 3 times since my first visit and had breakfast which was also just as great as said meal above!! Just go people! Get some food made with love and a sweet smile from the people working there. You'll leave happy!
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,6/22/2011,188,247,4,11,7>Wow... Slider Nirvana.I mean what could be more simple. Walk in the door, give your order, watch the beautifully fresh looking beef balls be thrown on the flat top, the cook whacks them down into little patties while he's frying onions  and steaming buns on the other parts of the grill. Before you know it... roughly 2 minutes... you have perfect 1/2 size burgers in front of you, the scent drawing you in and inviting you to enjoy the steaming hot burger. I've done my share of burgers, and as far as the proverbial slider is concerned, I think that Motz may do it the best. We strolled in 5 persons strong, lines ourselves on stools in front of the  counter just like so many others have done for the 70 or 80 years that Motz has been around. Within 5 minutes we were all enjoying burgers, fries, onion rings, soft drinks and shakes. Fantastic food, great and friendly employees. This a good way to break up the work day and change the attitude for the next 4 hours of work. Motz is now my favorite.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,6/21/2011,151,367,15,14,10>I have no self-control.  Seriously, I cannot stop myself.  I think I am chasing the sugar-high dragon...and Shatila is one of my enablers.  Here I am, a wedding dress in my near future, and I am stuffing my face with sugary, sweet, calorie-loaded sweets.  What is wrong with me?!?!?Walking into Shatila, I was blown away!  Palm trees, case after case of sweets, a huge sitting area and a waterfall...this is pastry paradise.  How do I decide?  French pastries or middle-eastern delicacies?  Or do I get ice cream?  I do love ice cream!  I had to show some restraint, after all I do have a silly, frilly dress to wear soon.  The ice cream line was too long, so I skipped it for baklava fingers and a french chocolate cake slice.  The cake was fantastic but the baklava fingers....to die for!  They were melt in your mouth, "fuck-the-wedding-dress-I-want-a-hundred-more" good!  I bought a bunch and snacked on those little f'ers for a day or so.  And the icing on this heavenly cake?  The super fair pricing.  Its like they don't want me to give up this addiction.  I'm not in Dearborn often, but something is telling me that I heading back to Dearborn and Shatila real soon...I mean I can't quit cold turkey, can I?
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,6/20/2011,215,177,8,14,9>Cantoro Italian Market is a delicious vortex of geographic displacement! It's the only place in Michigan where upon walking in, I'd swear I was suddenly back in Brooklyn...at Camereri's or Mazzola's, or that other Italian market up Henry Street with the prodigious ceiling meats.Cantoro was originally recommended to me by a friend whose Sicilian parents would make monthly pilgrimages from Chelsea.  CHELSEA! Not so long ago I had another friend of mine with me (also Sicilian) who didn't think much of the place until she saw the large bottles of Brioschi, THEN she knew Cantoro was the real deal. The deli counter is...unfathomable.  SO filled with yummy meats, peppers, house-made Italian sausages and salads, fresh ricotta, reasonably priced high quality parmeggiano reggiano, pine nuts...the list goes on. The bakery boasts hot, fresh homemade rolls, breads, and a cookie counter that again makes me slap my forehead (uh, am I in New York again?). I'm absolutely addicted to their pignoli cookies. I've also seen more pasta shapes than mere geometry can describe.Here's my not-so-secret post-Cantoro shopping lunch ritual: I grab one of their ciabatta rolls out of the bag, cut it, spread a thick slab of ricotta inside it, fold in a razor-thin slice of imported prosciutto, then devour. LOVE.The one downside: the parking sucks.  Small lot and EVERYONE knows this market is the mambo so there's almost never a spot when you want one or there's a big jam-up as three people are waiting for one spot. I tend to go early and beat the crowds.  Speaking of, it's been too long since my last visit.  Hmmm...
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2010,6/19/2011,391,189,11,13,24>This review really isn't about the one meal, as it is about the restaurant and the experience as a whole....My daughter decided she wanted to be a chef... when she was 9 years old.This is mostly in part to the ever growing craze of "celebrity chef"  (Thank you Food Network!!)  Her favorite shows are Chopped and Iron Chef America.  She is now 11 and now she's more sure than ever that she too, is destined for kitchen greatness.So, as soon as I heard about Roast, a Michael Symon Restaurant, I HAD to take her there!! So what if he doesn't WORK there or even LiVE in MI, it's HIS restaurant!!I made a reservation for two, just us big girls going to dinner,(this was last year mind you) and gave myself 2 months to save for it. When we arrived, I introduced my daughter to the hostess and said "she's the reason we're here, she LOVES Mike Symon".   The hostess smiled and said "Really?  Well as luck would have it, he's in Michigan this weekend and may be stopping by."  I thought she might melt right there, but luckily we got to our table.The place is BEAUTIFUL no doubt, but not to the point where I felt like white trash on the wrong side of Somerset.  The atmosphere is relaxed and nice.  We ordered some cokes and looked over the menu.   Ahem, a little pricey I must say, and everything is ala carte, but I had prepared for this so I wasn't suprised.  She ordered the filet, I got whitefish.  we split a side of the goat cheese mac and cheese and I ordered a salad.  That's when it happened.My daughter's jaw hit the floor as she saw him walk by.  "MOM!!!!! HE"S HERE!!!!! "  (Cue best mom in the world music)I turned around, trying to not look obvious ( i totally did though)  and the guy he was talking to pointed right at her.   I hurried up and turned around, and watched her face turn 9 shades of red.  All the while wearing a total perma-grin! He came over and introduced himself.  "Hi, i'm Mike"  he said." I know!!"  she replied.He asked her what she ordered and said he heard she was a fan.  She stammered about the steak, then asked him if Morimoto was as hard to understand in real life as he is on tv.  He autographed a menu for her and gave her a big hug.   My daughter was in Heaven... and I couldn't have been happier!Ok, sappy story done, now on to the food!The steak was ridiculously good, it melted like butter and the fish was also seasoned and cooked perfectly!!   The salad was light and crisp, with only the reddest of red tomatoes and crunchy red onion.  The dressing was light and sweet.  If i had one complaint, it would have to be the mac and cheese.  they used the twisty elbows and they kinda got crunchy around the pot they were in, and it didn't have quite enough cheese for me, but even that was really good.   I told my daughter that we would go again, as soon as I could save for another "big girl dinner" trip.  The meal was $90 and that was with NO alcohol.  Just sayin... Rock on Chef Mike!!   Oh yeah, I can't wait to try the beef cheek pierogies, I hear they are to die for!!
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,6/18/2011,297,101,5,19,8>Update: June 2012: King James was back, and now he's gone :( He cooked here from opening day to some time in 2012, then he left for Thailand. If you were here only for James' cooking, then you will probably be disappointed. The spirit is gone. James was the legendary chef of Pi's Thai in Hazel Park for 10 years, until late in 2010 when he parted ways with the owner. Fast forward a few months and here we are; he got a business partner and opened up Thai King.To see the effect that James had on Pi's, read the reviews. When he was there they had consistent 4- and 5-star reviews; when he left, they tanked. Regardless, James is the happiest restaurateur I've ever encountered. He is so proud of his clean new restaurant with all his new equipment--and his passion and joy come through in his food. You walk in and the sense of pride is palpable. The food at Thai King is truly authentic, mom's-kitchen-style, Sunday-dinner stuff. James makes it the way they make it at Thai gatherings, yet understands that American diners have certain standard expectations of Thai restaurants and makes sure that the menu is still familiar. You will find all your favorites here, including Pad Thai and Gaeng Gai, but venture off the menu a bit into some of his specialties, and you will find tastes you've probably never encountered before.I can't review Thai King without mentioning the legendary Tom Yum (hot and sour soup.) This is, I'll boldly state, the best Tom Yum in Metro Detroit. Hands down. It is absolutely exploding with all kinds of bright and punchy flavors; spicy, sweet, sour, just the right bite of citrus and pepper. It's truly an incredible concoction. I tried one of the house specialties--the Pad Bai Kra Pow (holy basil curry) and it was sublime; James takes a great deal of pride in choosing and buying his own ingredients from local grocers and it comes through in this dish. He was even telling me excitedly about the pepper his brother in Thailand was going to send him--stuff he says you can only get in the jungle. True or not, it shows that James is a true enthusiast.The menu encourages exploration, and I fully intend to go back and explore. In the meantime, I'm thrilled that the new best Thai restaurant in town is open, and it's very close to my house. Time to get fat(ter).
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,6/17/2011,252,310,1,9,7>Ah, my 200th review. My 100th was a memorable one (Graydon's Crossing in Grand Rapids), and so is this one. Just went to Baker's on a Friday night to get the real feel for Baker's (my previous review was from a Sunday afternoon when they were empty).I was blown away. The food was just as good as last time. I got the fried chicken dinner with mac & cheese and collard greens. It was all so fresh, crisp, and TASTY. I mean the chicken was plentiful and fried to perfection. Breaded so nicely and not overdone. Hot, steaming and juicy on the inside, and crisp and dry to the touch on the outside. The mac and collard greens were superb! It is great to know the food comes out awesome, even when they are super busy.The restaurant was very busy Friday night around 10pm, and understandably there was a $5 cover per person (which is very fair considering the live jazz-soul is so melodious and mood-setting). The place packed with folks while Motown jazz soul music sound waves were bouncing all around in here. No wonder this place was so empty at 1:30pm before, because it is truly an out of the world experience at night, especially on weekend nights. You really feel like you are transported back to the days of a glorious Detroit. Motown music and great soulfood truly live on in this place. I was a little let down that the same fried chicken meal was a couple bucks more at night, than in the afternoon - but honestly the vibe in here and the crowd more than make up for it. Yes it's in Detroit - but if you park on the street nearby and just be generally cautious - you will be fine.Excellent place! The culinary gem of Motown. Great food, great music, great crowd, and memorable historic restaurant. Just be aware of steep pricing on drinks and possible cover charges when it's busy. This place is billed as the world's oldest jazz club (at 76 years old). It lives up to its name - big time.
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,6/16/2011,125,326,4,14,7>So awesome to see the northwest corner of 9 and Woodward lit up again - and this time with some that feels distinctly Ferndale!The Rust Belt Market is a year-round artists market - giving your favorite art show vendors and Etsy artists a place to show off their goods every weekend.  They are open Saturday and Sunday from 11-7, and have their vendor agreements structured so that each month might offer a new batch of artists.I had the pleasure to stop in during the Grand Opening, and was blown away by what the Best's and the inaugural set of vendors have done with the place.  Each wall of the space has a different personality, a mural in one wall - planks of wood on another.  The center of the space has a raised platform where a band was entertaining the masses.  Some of these vendors have created a little bit of magic with their spaces, all of which are laid out in a way that encourages an easy flow for shopping and perusing.The variety of goods spans furniture, jewelry, clothing, purses, found objects, photographers and food items - There were also spaces for massage, henna and caricatures.  Price points are such that there is something for every shopper's budget.  I love being able to see and touch the items and meet the artists themselves.For those who have been to Yellow Door in Berkley, the concept is similar - but the products offered here have a noticeably edgier, urban, indie vibe.  Additionally, you purchase from each vendor individually rather than the one-stop shop feel of Yellow Door.I think this will be a great place to pick up gifts for friends and family - or to satisfy the need for some retail therapy for myself. :)
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2011,6/15/2011,121,284,2,7,3>I was so angry when this was built. Royal Oak is going through enough horrible changes (Diablo's is the easiest example) and it isn't the city it was 5 years ago. We seem to be losing out to Ferndale and other surrounding cities as far as being the place to go.I have been to two movies here over the last week and I have to say I'm am really impressed with this place. The bowling alley/restaurant look really nice but I haven't gone in as of yet. I love being able to have a drink during the movie and to my surprise drink prices are really reasonable. 9.75 for a large Long Island isn't too bad. I'm guessing 16-20 ounce I've paid extra both times (15 bucks) for my seat. I've opted for a reserved premium seat. I have no complaints and its nice to not have to hurry to the movie. The regular seas are fine but for a few bucks extra they are positioned in the best spots and the seats are larger. I realize this is nothing new and Emagine has been around for a while but since I'm able to walk here and it turned out to be much better than I had thought I've not changed my tune and am glad they built this place.
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2011,6/14/2011,106,248,1,4,5>This place is a complete GEM. I implore everyone to try it if you like middle-eastern food. In my former life as a bakery manager at Plum market I used to sell their cheese bread, zataar bread and pita chips; so I appreciate them for all that. I'm now working about a mile away from their store so I've now been visiting them directly. I'm HOOKED. The crushed lentil soup is amazing; complex - sweet, lemony and savory. The Feta Cheese pie is great - large chunks of feta cheese, diced herbs and lots of onions in a buttery dough, and it's only $1.59! The chicken and rice salad is delicious - shredded chicken, rice, ground beef, slivered almonds, pine nuts and it's all spiced with a hint of nutmeg and cinnamon. I have yet to try any of the sandwiches or other salads, although next time I'm heading for the green bean and tomato salad. The service is fantastic; super friendly and very genuine. Seriously, you owe it to yourself to go here and support a local business.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,6/13/2011,143,110,4,12,5>My Mom and I went here on our "Free Things To Do in the D" day.  She had already been, but I hadn't.  I knew nothing about Pewabic Pottery prior to my searching for "attractions" here on yelp.  I saw the word Pottery and clicked away.  It seemed interesting.It's mostly a store, with some pretty pricey stuff that I was terrified of breaking, but there's also plenty of reasonably priced items, like my $20 Detroit tile that I got as a souvenir of our day's adventures.  Nothing like being a tourist in your own town!In addition to the store, if you head to the back, you can see the kilns, the glazing area and other pottery making type things, but we were there at lunchtime and only a couple of folks were working.  It was hot as hell in there, so I wouldn't have been able to stand it back there for any length of time anyway.Upstairs is the display area, which educates on the history of Pewabic Pottery and its founder, Mary Chase Perry Stratton.  There are also pictures of several Pewabic tile installations throughout the country, plenty of which you will recognize.  The giant circle with the peacock at the Detroit Zoo is one of them.  I had no idea!  And all that crazy tile inside the glorious Guardian Building?  You guessed it!  Pewabic!In addition to the store and the gallery/museum upstairs, Pewabic Pottery offers classes for kids and adults, and also does design work for what I imagine is a hefty sum.  Pewabic Pottery is an interesting little piece of our history that I was completely clueless about, and they also happen to still be making a very high-quality, beautiful product.  Check it out when you have a little time to kill, or if you're looking for an interesting gift for a creative type.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2010,6/12/2011,99,529,1,9,5>We were on our way to Pei Wei when we saw this place in the same building...and I'm all about trying something new! Ihad also just read a blurb on it in the local paper, and I'm all about a big salad. The staff was very friendly and asked if we'd been there before (so she could go through the process) but we said we'd be okay--we already knew what we wanted--a half Caprese Sandwich and a Big Baja Salad--though we did ask to try one of the dressings to make sure we liked it for the salad. (FYI, the Mexican Ventura, I think it was called, was very tasty--she said it was a french dressing spiced up with cayenne and jalapeno--and did leave a bit of a zip on your tongue.)They make everything right in front of you (see pics of the lettuce and topping bins) and it went pretty quickly--probably not much longer than you'd have to wait for fast food, and definitely less than a true sit-down restaurant. (That said, it was NOT busy when we were there. We asked and she said they do get quite busy during weekday lunch...so beware.)So, how was the food? Really good. I mean, REALLY good. Honestly better than I was expecting. The salad was, well, BIG (see the pic with a normal dinner fork for size comparison) and all the ingredients were fresh and yummy. My sandwich had really fresh and green basil and although the tomato wasn't the best, that's more a seasonal issue than a store issue. And the free side of bread? Oh. My. Soooo soft and warm and melt-in-your-mouth...I almost asked for more.So overall we were very happy. Friendly and quick service, unique selections, and great taste at decent prices...we'll be back for sure.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2011,6/11/2011,258,354,6,5,5>What a cute little spot - cozy and romantic.  It's a small space, so when we got there (on a Saturday night) all tables were full.  We went and had a drink in the bar across the street, came back a while later, and were seated.  I didn't study the menu too much, friends I was there with had both eaten here before and I trusted there recommendations as far as which pizza and wine we would get for the table.  Dinner ended up being a margherita pizza with added olives.  Beautiful thin crust with the flavor you only get from wood fire...fresh mozarella and sparing olives let the taste of the herbs shine through.  This is the first time in recent memory that I have eaten 3 pieces of pizza and not left pregnant with a food baby (damn you delicious Detroit style deep dish!) - refreshing.Our server gave us tastings of 3 different wines, and we ended up going with a raspberry (I loved the green apple wine, but the raspberry was good too and I got out-voted by my dining companians).  I'm certainly no wine conniseur, but I know what I like, and all the wines we sampled were delicious and unique.  I saw on their wine menu that they offer the option of creating your own wine and purchasing it by the batch - I am not in the market for such a thing but for someone looking for a cool, special sort of gift, you can choose your own combination of grapes and flavors and purchase a batch of 200-some bottles (complete with custom label) for what turns out to be only about $10 a bottle.  Not at all bad pricing for what we got, either - one pizza and one bottle of wine sufficed for the three of us ladies, and splitting the bill only cost us $8 each.  We had no leftovers, but it served for a perfect meal before heading out for a little nightlife.  If I find myself back in Plymouth, I'll make it a point to stop in again.
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,6/10/2011,214,174,8,10,12>Drag Queen Bingo is held inside Five15, cute little gift and coffee shop in Royal Oak.Drag Queen Bingo is certainly worth the trip. Four rounds of bingo for $20/pp, but you re really not there for the bingo as much as the "show".   Currently, DQB runs every Saturday night (recently they added Friday too - on a trial basis), with doors opening at 6:30p and the show starting just after 8p and ending just before 11p.Advanced reservations are a must and it can fill up quickly. Reservations are taken with a credit card and not charged til you get there. The person I spoke to was very helpful abt parking and arrival time (it helped to get there a lil early to get situated and to miss the last minute crowd trying to pay). He also asked if anyone in the party was celebrating anything, which I thought was a nice touch.The crowd was made up of quite an eclectic mix - gay, straight, young, old, bday parties, anniversaries and everyone/anything in between,  I was entertained to be with one of the 3 straight guys in the crowd, as the caller had plenty to talk to him about! There is a definite advantage to sitting close to the stage - but be prepared for being picked on. (think comedy club - way more fun to feel like a part of the action). Participants must be at least 18 years. Be ready for what many would consider offensive language and content - but all done in good fun. Apparently, there are basically 3 rotating hosts, each with her own style.Five15 has a limited menu - croissant sandwiches (tasty) and baked goods were abt it for food typically, but there was a special Bingo menu that included burgers and pizza,  Lots of yummy beverage options:  coffees, teas and smoothies (all non-alcoholic), but as others mentioned, lots of smuggled in adult beverages for the show.The only downside was there being only one bathroom - it made for long lines at the breaks.I would highly recommend Drag Queen Bingo.  I recently took my mom and a handful of friends to celebrate her 71st bday - everyone had a blast.   We brought in a cake we bought at Pronto and it was perfect.  Very fun for a bday, bachelorette party, etc.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,6/9/2011,52,201,5,6,4>Chocolate Banana Waffles to the rescue!  Being a teacher the end of the school year can be super intense.  Everyone is tired of each other.  Even though the days go by fast they are super long.  Luckily Mudgie's special of Chocolate Banana Waffles topped with either Chocolate or Banana Calder Ice Cream with Chocolate Peanut Butter sauce.  All of that amazingness topped off with real Whipped Cream.The four of us split 2 orders of the Chocolate Banana Waffles.  One order with Chocolate and the other with Banana Ice Cream.  We were not disappointed!  Top it off we added Bacon on top.  It was beyond words!  A great addition.To top off the great experience we were also given a taste of the Chocolate and Chili shake.  Yeah that's right Mudgie's now has shakes!!  I can't wait to go back again!
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,6/8/2011,61,111,3,5,5>We'd been meaning to stop here for a while, in that it has a giant donkey on the roof.  How can you not want to eat someplace like that?The sliders are bigger than what you'd expect for the price - not very thick but not as greasy as I feared either.  The buns are about 3/4 the size of a normal large hamburger bun and fresh grilled along with the burger patties.  They ask up front if you want onions (also fresh-grilled) and pickles, and if you eat at the counter you'll have your choice of other condiments.  Not sure how they come if you get carry-out from the side window, but with so much ambiance, why wouldn't you eat in?It really was just what we'd hoped to find in a tiny diner with a donkey on the roof.  A few stools at the counter, a few at the window, some old photos on the wall (this place was around in 1959? really?), and the best part: an old-school arcade game featuring your choice of Ms. Pac-Man or Galaga.  Also a jukebox, in case you want to dance???Bottom line: we got 6 cheeseburgers, a big plate of fries, and two large sodas (with endless refills) for $11.  The cook and the waitress, along with the old regulars stationed at the other end of the counter, made us feel like we were old friends.  I sure wish we had a cheap, yummy, unpretentious place like this in Ferndale, it is the world's most perfect post-bar food!!  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,6/7/2011,57,58,3,4,4>For some reason I couldn't decide between 4 and 5 stars, but then when I asked myself what I DIDN'T like about this place, I couldn't come up with one valid complaint.  So 5 stars it is.I have been wanting to go to Lockhart's since it opened, so I was pretty excited when I was asked to go for a friend's birthday dinner.  We had a pretty big group of people (I think about 12ish), and we didn't have to wait long even though we had call ahead seating.  I tried the Detroit Dwarf beer while I waited, and it was really good.  We were sat outside at 7:30 at night, which worried me because it was quite chilly out.  But it was very comfortable and a whole lot better than sitting inside where it was very busy.  They have heaters outside so I wasn't even cold and sat in my short sleeve shirt until the very end of the meal when I started to get a little cold.  We started off with fried green beans, the burnt ends, and pork sliders.  All of which were delicious, especially the burnt ends.  I could have made a meal out of them, they were that good.  I had the Carolina Pulled Pork sandwich (which is pretty much The Reason from Slow's except the meat is a little more chunky) and sweet potato fries.  Both were delicious.  The BBQ sauce on the pulled pork was really light, but they have quite a few different BBQ sauce choices on the table, so it was nice to be able to try a few of them.  I tried the sweet one and one that was a little more spicy, I think it was called something with red and/or fire in it?  Both were very good, and I kind of preferred the spicier one.  I also tried a bite of someone's mac and cheese.  It was good, but I do like the mac and cheese from Slows more.  It could have been a little more baked.Everyone else at the table seemed to enjoy their meals as well.  Service was really great, food came out quickly, and our drinks were filled pretty regularly.  Do I think it is better than Slows?  I can't decide.  I love Slows, it will always be a favorite of mine.  But the fact that I can walk to Lockhart's and get the same quality meal for the same price without having to wait an hour+ on a busy night, I will probably choose it over Slows next time I'm in the need for some good BBQ.  Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,6/6/2011,34,77,5,5,9>I am going to Tarantino this review.I was 9 years old, my father took me to his work one Saturday morning to pick up some paperwork. On the way home we stopped by a corner market. In typical fatherly fashion my Dad grabbed a 22oz. from the old wood cooler in the back and ordered a sandywich. When we left Ernie gave me a pack of Reese's Cups. Fast forward. I always see a friend of my fathers talking about Ernies on facebook. So I finally decided to make the trip. I walked straight back and got in line behind a few folks who were ordering the "Regular" sandwich they get. I told Ernie how id never been, so of course he took extra special care of me and gave me lots of love baby!!!  As he was making the sandwich I noticed the old wood cooler in the back-it all came back to me-. This was not my first time in Ernies at all. I told Ernie about my experience as a child 15-20 years ago. He showed me the picture of his Dad on the wall and shared with me the history. Ernie asked that I post my story on facebook later-because every night he reads what people write!The sandwich was awesome. Just as everyone says. Fresh meat, veggies and roll. The history behind this place and the personality of Ernie make this place what it is. Not a corner market or sandwich shop-but a place that will make you smile. Nothing describes Ernies personality. You have to stop by for yourself. Yeah Baby!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,6/5/2011,223,265,3,26,6>Best range, shop, service in Michigan. A  great combo of product and service. The range is properly vented and well kept.  It's divided into 2 segments, so they can have a class or league on one side.  You  can rent a gun very inexpensively if you want to try one before you buy OR if you just happen to be stopping in and want to shoot.  It's a 25-yard range - pistols only.As for the shop, they have a very well chosen selection of guns and they stand by what they sell.  You won't find the number of guns that you will at Cabelas but you won't find a bunch of junk that you need to weed through, either.   They are always competitively priced.  If you want something special, they'll order it.  Ditto for their accessories - holsters, gun safes, cleaning supplies - good selection of good products.  They're also the cheapest place I've seen (including the Internet) to for Surefire flashlights.  They offer a wide selection of classes taught by professional firearms instructors (many are or were military or law enforcement trainers) .  All of the owners (I believe) are or were law enforcement officers.The staff has always been knowledgeable, friendly, easy-going, helpful and professional to me, my wife, family and friends.   I would recommend Firing Line on all fronts.
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,6/4/2011,1388,1056,28,15,16>I once gave up eating pork for over a year after seeing the movie Babe. As I really freaking love pork, you now know I am the overly sensitive type. Ultimately the guilt wore off and I was back on the bacon. I still cry when I watch Bambi too, even though I eat delicious venison, so I guess I am an overly sensitive hypocrite. P.S. Thumper is also scrumptious. Here I found an adorable pig, a pig with personality, a pig I wanted to take home and indeed I did take it home. I waited awhile but ultimately I could not resist my urges. I ate it. I ate every single last crumb, all the jam inside too. I devoured it with all the same glee I experience watching the likes of Dexter meting out his dark justice. It was murder, yes, but kinda fun too. Inspired, I made sure my plate was the cleanest crime scene ever. I know I did it, I will have to live with myself. Now that I have done it, I only want more. The taboo has been broken. The urge to try it again far outweighs any guilt.
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,6/3/2011,15,123,7,9,5>While I can't afford to go often, I absolutely love this place. The mushroom risotto is amazing as well as the fried bananas. I always get a caparinha? I hope I spelled that correctly. It is sort of like a mojito. Super yummy! My favorite cut of meat here is the Brazilian rump roast, it looks like a "C" on the sword. The filet and chicken are good too, I tend to stick to beef when I eat here, except for the beef ribs which are fatty and don't have a lot of flavor.My suggestions: Don't  overdo it at the salad bar, save room for the avalanche of meat that is coming your way.They give you a disk that is green on one side for them to come over with the meat on swords and red on the other for them to leave you alone. Keep it flipped to green until you are totally done, that way you don't miss out on anything.Sign up for their email list so you can be notified when they have specials (which is often)Bring your kids! They are free if they are under 6 or 7 (I think?)!Take a walk afterwards to work off that food baby you just acquired!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,6/2/2011,200,255,7,11,9>I love Lebanese Grill.  (I also love La Marsa equally, so for people who are looking to compare the two, please scroll down to the end of my review.)To start, the server will bring a basket of pita bread - a combination of regular thin pita and hot, fresh-baked pita.  I'm not sure why they do this because the fresh-baked pita is obviously better.  A dining companion once asked for fresh-baked pita only, though, and the server obliged.While the sandwiches are pretty good (and a great deal), I always go for the entrees because they come with the best soup ever.  Their crushed lentil soup is soooo good and is loaded with such wonderful umami flavors, I could swear it's made by sacrificing a young chicken to the gods.  We tried asking a server about the ingredients, and all she would (could?) tell us that it was completely vegetarian and... pre-made.  Wow, props to her for being so honest.  But the soup is still so good, it could be full of crazy salty preservatives for all I care (but I don't think it is; I am really sensitive to MSG, and I don't have to gulp down gallons of water after having my beloved soup).  Also, it doesn't contain any overpowering spices, which is great for people like my mom, who cannot stand cumin and such.The entrees themselves are humongous and are enough for two meals.  They come with your choice of soup or salad (SOUP, duh) and rice or fries (rice rice rice! with vermicelli and almonds!).  They also include some grilled vegetables (green pepper, onion, carrot) and pickled radishes on the side.  I am not the biggest fan of carrots, but those grilled carrots are amazing and I would totally fight my sister for them.As for specific entrees, I used to get the veggie combo (for one) a lot.  It comes with hummus, baba ganoush, tabbouli, falafel, vegetarian grape leaves, and rice.  All are tasty, although no falafel in the world can compare to the falafel at Jerusalem Garden in Ann Arbor.  This fact ultimately led me away from the veggie combo, and I now tend to get the chicken shawarma.  Boring?  Perhaps.  But the meat is tender and has that wonderful spit-roasted flavor, and it comes with a side of creamy, delicious, scare-everyone-away-with-your-potent-breath garlic sauce.I've also tried the house combo (for two), which consists of shish kabob, shish tawook, shish kafta, chicken kafta, lamb shawarma, and chicken shawarma, served on a bed of rice with some grilled vegetables and pickles on the side.  Two soups or salads are also included.  All were very good, and my anti-lamb self actually really enjoyed the lamb shawarma, which had been seasoned with lemon juice.  Although this was billed as being for two, my group of four adults feasted on the house combo and gave up halfway through.  We got this as takeout, and it was extremely fast - 15 minutes!LEBANESE GRILL vs. LA MARSA: most people love La Marsa because it is more well-known and in a more highly-trafficked spot.  But Lebanese Grill is just as good.  The breakdown:1. Sandwiches - both places are very good2. Free pita bread - La Marsa wins because they give you nothing but delicious fresh-baked pita.  Lebanese Grill gives you some fresh-baked pita but also the regular stuff.3. Free sauce/oil for your free pita - this Lebanese Grill gives you za'atar (delicious dried Middle Eastern herbs) in olive oil.  La Marsa and the Lebanese Grill in Shelby Township will give you garlic sauce.  I prefer the za'atar; the boyfriend prefers garlic sauce.4. Entrees - both are very good.5. Service - both are slow.  While Janelle prefers the service at La Marsa, I have had indifferent service there as well.  I'd say it's close, with La Marsa having slightly better/faster service.6. Menus - Lebanese Grill wins because their menu is a little newspaper containing fun facts about Lebanon. haha7. Juices - both are good.8. Crushed lentil soup - Lebanese Grill wins by a mile.9. Veggie combos - Lebanese Grill offers a veggie combo for one.  La Marsa only offers a veggie combo for two.  This is important if you are craving vegetarian food while dining with a carnivorous boyfriend.
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2011,6/1/2011,192,175,7,11,9>This past Thursday I was just on Facebook and noticed a post from a local artist fan page praising the Yellow Door Art Market. I had to stop and think, "What's this?!" in nothing short than my best Jack Skellington impression. I knew what my mission for that afternoon would be.Yellow Door Art Market is kind of awesome in the this is such an art fair but without the cigarettes/dogs/strollers/fanny-packs that frequently accompany the outdoor type. Also, you don't have the guilt of having to look at something and say, "Wow, this is lovely!" to the "artist" when you're really looking at the 9th interpretation of a parrot lawn sign that says, "It's Five O'Clock Somewhere. . . ". Actually, I don't think that this would happen at Yellow Door Art Market because everything there was the legitimate good stuff. And the store has little biographies of the artists set up in their booths/displays.I did talk to two employees and got the skinny that the store is occupying what used to be a dance studio and it is owned by the same proprietors as Catching Fireflies. The Yellow Door Art Market features the art of several local artists. From sculpture to photography to some really amazing printmaking and jewelry; I was really excited to explore the store. There were photographs of Detroit, and railroad tie sculptures, and vintage Barbie prints. Also those quirky outside lawn art pieces that are birds made of tools and things, and a booth of tie-dye magic. Pricing wasn't unreasonable either. Though, I will confess I miss the smell of elephant ears you get at the outdoor art fair. I think it's amazing that they're highlighting local artists; they're really celebrating the talent we have in the community and that's somehow comforting. We have such amazing talent surrounding us, that it's refreshing to be reminded. Just inside the backdoor they also have an exhibit of youth art. I forget their wording, but I was happy to see the work of school kids for sale in a hip boutique. I look forward to making the Yellow Door Art Market a regular stop for unique gifts and décor for my house.
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2011,5/31/2011,128,145,3,8,4>Well, I have a new favorite pizza place in Canton, yes, Elite Pizzeria... Way to go guys!!!My wife actually sparked the call to Elite as she wanted to try something new. We ordered two mediums, mine with Onions, Banana Peppers and Jalapenos. Hers with Pepperoni, Bacon, Black Olives, Tomatoes, Mushrooms and Banana Peppers. I called around 9:30pm, And they said they'd be ready in 10-15 minutes. The price came to approx. $20. When I arrived, I noticed it was a bigger place than I thought it was. You can have it delivered, carryout or eat in, yes the place had sufficient seating to sit in - COOL!! It was clean and the staff was very friendly. I got the pizza's home, and I was in love at 1st bite. The dough, sauce, veggies, meat, everything was incredibly fresh and tasted great!! The only drawback my wife thought, was the pizza was a little wet... Wet? I think she meant that the dough couldn't hold up the weight of the toppings.  She folded her slices of pizza so the cheese and toppings wouldn't slide off.  I did the same that actually...  That, I believe, was the only short coming.  I think next time I order, I'll request it to be cooked a little longer.  They tote to be the only brick oven pizza in the area, and maybe that makes the dough like that, I'm not sure.All I know is all the ingreidents worked and the pizza tasted great...  Give them a try, I don't think you'll be disappointed at all!!!!
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2011,5/30/2011,217,264,4,5,5>After reading all these great raves from all you yelpers I decided to make a trip out there to see the promise land. And really, this place makes whole foods and holiday market look like a joke for these reasons:- HUGE SELECTION on FRESH, ORGANIC fruits and veggies from sweet red apples to fresh bean sprouts. they even have dragon fruits!! really, i don't know how they keep all these fruits looking so perfectly delicious and fresh. for a minute or two i forgot i was in michigan.- HUGE INVENTORY on ALL KINDS OF ETHNIC FOOD, asian, european, hispanic.. really i would avoid all the dirty little ethnic grocery shops and come here to get my pad thai noodles.- AWESOME BAKERY.- Warm bright lights in the whole entire space- BEAUTIFUL selections on flowers and plants at the front door.however, i have to say that besides the vegetables and the fruits i picked up, the asian grocery was really on the pricy side. for the same stuff nino's sell it for almost double the price as those dirty asian grocery like fuji market.overall it's a great grocery place. it has the stuff i need for my daily asian cooking and still has a huge space for me to explore other foods. Nino's is everything whole foods and holiday market wished to be, but they never will.to sum it all up: if you need to find something fresh, organic, and a bit off the mainstream, this would be the place to go. but if you are kind of on a budget and just want a casual grocery shop, go to trader joes.
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2011,5/29/2011,117,27,11,13,10>These days, people brag about being a "food snob" right before they assume that my (shall we say) "groupie-ness" for food puts us in a club together. El Guacano is the kind of place that helps me illustrate that this is not the case. At the intersection of Maple and Livernois across the street from the post-apocalyptic former K-Mart and sharing a parking lot with the decades-old psychic, the location of this questionable-looking hole in the wall makes this the most brilliant of gems. This past Friday a paper menu was available, on the left Salvadorian treats like pupusas, fried cassava and plantain. On the right, ("because it is popular" says the owner), Mexican foods made by the hand of a Salvadorian abuela. My boss' menu contained some illegible hand-written additions after the third fold, and it's not completely clear how the pricing and portioning breaks down or whether the person who penned it speaks English. Regardless, by Sunday night, my husband and I could no longer refrain. When he picked up our order, which we ordered at the wee hour of 11 p.m., the place was jam packed with Spanish-speaking friends and relatives gathered happily around food and laughs. Sure, our order took a little longer than promised because there were some things lost in translation, but...well, how do I express this? The pork that filled the hand patted corn dough of my pupusas, perfectly soft but crispy on the surface was tender and obviously seasoned with both expertise and amor. The steak mistakenly filling the enchiladas could easily be eaten in large amounts without a single accoutrement. And though I ordered beans and rice, and only my husband's dish managed to be graced by them, the hot pile of them combined as one gorgeous concoction cast a spell on me that erased any ill will. After our meal, we sat dreamily satisfied and looking forward to our next encounter, like people high on the possibility of a new love. So, no, I am no food snob. I am someone who finds beauty in authenticity and the simplicity of a single ingredient done right. I am a person whose last meal at a chain restaurant was thoroughly void of enjoyment because the server's timing was off, but can forgive a series of blunders and lack of polish when I sense that my food comes with generations of experience rather than a culinary degree. I'm a food enthusiast, and I would pay 5 times what the folks at El Guanaco are asking for their eats, but tip my hat to them because they don't.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2010,5/28/2011,72,111,10,3,5>S - is for the smile I get when it's time for Greek IslandsM - is for the many good dishes there are to order (besides the Small Special) like Tzatziki Sauce, Chili Cheese Coney, Chili Cheese Fry, and Chicken Finger Pita A - is for the grade they get for cleanliness! They even wash their menus!L - is for Large Special - a good deal if there is more than one with this order! L - is also for Low Fat Dressing. It's totally fabulous.S - is for Saganaki - OPA!P - is for pita. Ask for it steamed!!E - is for extraordinary: put some Tzatziki on the steamed pita and then some salad (with the dressing) - Perfection.C - is for coney. They not so surprisingly, have fantastic ones.I - is for the only person who is allowed to eat my saladA - is for always. Greek Islands is always this goodL - is for L-O-V-E. I promise, the Small Special is made for me and you!!!!
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2011,5/27/2011,103,227,16,11,8>There are two things I am going to tell you about Zingerman's.  I think these two facts might not have been fully addressed in previous reviews.#1.  I will preface by saying that I'm going to give you more information about myself than you want to know.  Sorry.  I had gastric bypass surgery.  That means that my stomach is the size of an egg, at most.  Why am I telling you this? Because I finished my sandwich.  Yes, it was the smaller size, and yes, I left the pickle. I also tore the crusts off my huge pieces of ciabatta.  The point is, the sandwiches are tasty, but not the gargantuan portions I thought they would be.#2.  Don't go to Zingerman's with someone who has no sense of great ingredients or money.  A teenaged boy, for instance, would not be a perfect dining companion at Zingerman's.  My son ordered the LARGE sandwich, added on a $7 mac and cheese side, and wolfed it all down like he was at McDonald's.  He then proceeded to pick off the artisan fresh mozzarella and say that it was "not like regular sandwich cheese".  $13.50 for his sandwich, and the kid wanted Kraft slices.So, to sum up-go there if you want to appreciate all the luxurious offerings and savor the food and experience that is Zingerman's.  I wouldn't take a cheap-ass friend along, though.
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2011,5/26/2011,67,175,2,5,5>This is a nice addition to the growing number of Indian (or Pakistani) food options in the western Wayne county area.  We had a fun appetizer, Pani Poori, which I gather means 'sweet water'.  It is served with puffed crackers that you crack open with your spoon, fill with a robust aromatic chick pea filling.  You then dip your filled cracker puff in the pani (which is more tart & vinegary than sweet by my palate) and add some sweet tamarind sauce.   I have eaten a wide variety of standard American Indian fare, and this was a standout dish - a unique delight.For our entrees we had Tadka Daal (a spicy lentil dish), and Mutton Karahi Gosht (bone-in, I found out the hard way) garnished with medium-hot thinly sliced green chiles.  Both dishes were great, and served with fantastic naan bread.   We stuffed ourselves.  The service was wonderful - our server knew the menu well and made helpful suggestions.  They have just opened recently and I really hope they pick up a following quickly.  They are a welcome addition to the neighborhood.They are closed Mondays, FYI
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,5/25/2011,203,236,4,7,4>Peach Cobbler Waffle, Peach Cobbler Waffle, Peach Cobbler Waffle...ok, so it's not a regular staple on their menu but the Peach Cobbler Waffle melted my heart! No syrup needed, just enjoy the warm peaches, crisp, and Belgium waffle. Also try the Grand Mariner French Toast and if you like omelette's, the Portobello Omelet will definitely get you going. It has Parmesan cheese, ricotta...I digress. Along with these treats you must try their house potatoes, and none other than their toast! It's thick, toasted well (what else would you expect) and buttered to perfection. I prefer the size and layout of this location over the Ferndale spot. It's breezy in the spring time and you'll feel like you're dining at someones home rather than a restaurant. Did I mention the Peach Bellini? Are you sold yet? Bottom line, toast is the best, so give it a try today!
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2010,5/24/2011,39,31,1,13,7>Although it may have "Brothers" in the name, the butchers at the counter have been all women on my dozen or more visits. Since moving back to MI, this has been my source for lamb and most middle eastern supplies.   I always order some "boneless lamb for kebabs", which they bone and cut to order, and frequently their premarinated boneless chicken.  I also recommend the ground lamb kofta, already seasoned and ready to skewer and grill.  While your meat order is being assembled, wander around and you'll find yogurts and drinks in the cooler, including bottles of Mexican coke and orange Fanta, and in the back three different sizes of bulghar wheat and bins of bulk spices and grains.  They also have several varieties large bags of basmati rice and pita bread towards the front and a selection of sweets and dates. They have just about the whole Shan line of spice boxes from Pakistan. I usually make my own curry blends, but at $1.49 a pop keep the Shan fish biryani and fruit chaat packs on hand. They also carry a few of their own blends, such as a nice 7 spice for kebabs.I usually can't resist getting some prepared hummus or dolma (stuffed grape leaves) at checkout. The hummus is silky smooth and full of tahini.  They are eager to help with suggestions for spices or accompaniments and will often ask what you're cooking. Feel free to ask questions!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,5/23/2011,45,283,4,6,7>My husband and I met some out-of-town friends for lunch at Afternoon Delight the other day - after driving and walking by many times but never stopping in.  Afternoon Delight is only open for breakfast and lunch, and their lunch menu is primarily made up of GIANT SANDWICHES, though this isn't readily apparent from the menu itself.GIANT SANDWICHES, YOU GUYS.OK, my sandwich wasn't quite that big.  It was pretty dang big, though - big enough that I didn't even try to finish it.  I had the pita club - turkey, cheddar, tomato, bacon, and sprouts wrapped up in lavash - and Shane had a sandwich involving "krab" and turkey with béarnaise and guacamole on the side.  Both were totally enjoyable, if - as I mentioned - large.  I noticed after the fact that half sandwiches are available, so I'll probably opt for that next time.Because I'm sure there'll be a next time.  Afternoon Delight is centrally located, and service is cafeteria-style, so you can get in and out pretty quickly.  All sandwiches come with a side dish - literally a little dish that you can then fill up with coleslaw, potato salad, cottage cheese, mandarin oranges, or whatever other salad bar items look appealing.  Jess found a bug in her GIANT SALAD, but it seemed like the sort of bug that might've been hidden in the greens, not a bug that joined the salad party in the kitchen.  I've heard that the brownies at Afternoon Delight are the best in town, though we were both too full to consider trying one.  Again: next time.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,5/22/2011,11,60,3,5,4>I don't know about most of the "pan-Asian" stuff but their Chinese food is great.Even with friends I tend to eat at off hours, so I can't talk about the service when it's busy.  When it's not busy it's quite pleasant.  The food is very fresh and very tasty.   Egg rolls are packed with vegetables and chunks of chicken, so tasty they have no need of the super sweet sauce that comes with it.  Try them without the sauce.   Chicken pan-fried dumplings were absolutely amazing.  I rarely order pan-fried (or steamed) dumplings in a restaurant because you can buy a bag at a store for as much as the single order, and get 4-5 servings out of the bag.  But store-bought chicken dumplings are always bland and tasteless, often with a thick outer skin that makes things worse.  Not these, which are made in house.   They are incredible fresh and tasty, and a little bit of the soy sauce-based dipping sauce adds to it, though it's not needed at all.When I looked at the hot and sour soup I worried -- it clearly looked like it was thickened.  One spoonful and my worries went away.  The flavors came through, both sour and spicy.  Chunks of tofu, mushroom and other tasty bits were plentiful.The Deep Fried Squid in Spicy Salt was very good, although about every 4th piece was just on the edge of overcooked.  Not enough to send it back, but enough that it detracted a bit.  Otherwise the dish was just what I'd wanted: spicy hot with a good flavor.  When I asked about heat the waitress told me, "I always say our hottest isn't as hot as Thai food" so I asked for extra-hot.  This turned out to be just right for me."Sizzling" Spicy String Beans with shrimp was also ordered extra-hot.  It was very flavorful without the heat overwhelming the dish.  The string beans were crisp in the sauce, and the shrimp perfectly cooked.There are no clearly marked handicapped parking spaces nearby that I could see [I may be missing them] but there is plentiful parking in the lot, a curb cut-out in front of the door, and plenty of space to navigate inside.  [I do not yet know how accessible their restrooms are.]  There's a lot here I haven't tried. It's pretty clear from other reviews that what they do best is the stuff that's closer to "real" Chinese food, so when I return I will stick to these items.  They haven't failed me yet, and I'm looking forward to trying more.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,5/21/2011,1357,534,3,13,11>It's difficult to review a nonprofit. In order to have an experience with a particular NPO, you are likely either a volunteer or a recipient of services. These different roles are probably going to entail pretty different ways of evaluating an organization.Though I can't shrink myself down and take 826's children's writing workshops and understand that POV, I can -- as a longtime volunteer -- attest to the dedication of the huge group of volunteers and two (yep, just two) full time staff members who work to fulfill 826's mission. This is a place which aims to get kids (and sometimes adults!) excited about creative writing -- to make sure that they are not just proficient, but also passionate. Writing -- as I'm sure many of you yelpers can attest -- is not only useful, but often fun. Creative workshops here for kids K-12 are all free of charge. Pretty awesome to remove that cost barrier. In addition to workshops in this space (hidden behind the robot store), 826 offers assistance to teachers in their classrooms as well as drop-in tutoring (M-Th).As someone who has volunteered on and off here since close to the beginning, it's been amazing to see this organization change and grow into what it has become. Whether it's working at the Robot Store (well-described in other reviews), growing a mustache to raise money, or providing 1:1 tutoring help, I'm continually impressed with the quality and dedication of so many 826 volunteers. When friends move to town and wonder how to meet people, I often start by suggesting various nonprofits that they may want to get involved with.  826 is always among the top organizations on my list!
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,5/20/2011,127,343,7,8,6>Where to begin????? Ok the chocolate milk would make Bill Cosby cry it was so good. Like melted pudding, thick and chocolaty.The whole milk and their natural milk with cream floating on top are nothing like you've had from the plastic jug crap they have at Krogers. And oh yeah the milk still comes in a glass bottle what a difference that makes.I just had their butter yesterday for the first time when i had company over for spaghetti night. 3 loaves of bread were devoured all slathered with butter that everyone couldn't stop talking about.Their ice cream is just so creamy and their buttermilk makes the best biscuits and pancakes.Oh my god I almost forgot about their egg nog. You can stand a spoon in it it's so thick. It's a artery clogging delight
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,5/19/2011,34,53,5,7,5>Hungry in Detroit at 3:45 on a Saturday, and Slows sounded so good (as always, really). We stopped by the original location, and a crowd of people waiting for tables was mobbing the bar four people deep. I repeat that this was at 3:45pm on a Saturday. We rolled over to Slows To Go, and got our food in less than 10 minutes, and I considered making a public service announcement over on Michigan Ave. "Hello, hungry people! You can get the same great food in a quarter of the time as long as you are willing to forgo tables and the extensive beer menu!"Slows To Go is the best fast food joint in the state. The cashiers taking orders were friendly and upbeat, starting out by asking if we'd ever been there before, and made sure they got our order exactly right. Even though there was steady traffic, there was never really a long line, and our food was out within minutes. The sandwiches were just as good as at the original location, and they were wrapped in a double-layer of waxed brown paper. I was able to eat the saucy Genius sandwich over my lap in the car with nary a staining incident. I should pause here to extol the virtues of the Genius, which is vegetable-based "chicken" in a tangy sauce with pickles and coleslaw and is best ordered on the kaiser roll, not the toast. I'd never liked barbecue before I tasted the fake-chicken goodness of the Genius, since vegetarians are understandably neglected by BBQ purveyors. If you're a vegetarian and you think you don't like fake meat, or you think you don't like barbecue, let the Genius change your mind.Back to the specifics of Slows To Go: the mac and cheese was gooey and peppery, just as I like it. Because it was scooped into a sturdy to-go container, it lacked the browned bubbly crust of the oven-baked individual serving dishes of mac and cheese from the original restaurant. However, browned cheese crust is a price I'm willing to pay for getting Slows at a less-than-slow pace.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2011,5/18/2011,163,84,5,7,5>We stopped into Luigi's and were determined not to order our usual entrees.  We'd heard quite often about their pizza and wanted to try it but were having trouble coordinating our "I feel like pizza" nights.  Recently, when I feel like a pizza, Deb is craving sushi ... and when she has wanted pizza lately, I'll have thai food on the brain.  So, we finally got in the car ... looked across at one another, and simultaneously whispered ... "Pizza?"  Yes!  The stars aligned, all was right in the food universe and so off we went.We ordered the personal antipasto salad to start because we'd noticed that a family of three ordered the small and it was more than enough for them.  It was amazing.  I know, ... strong adjective for a salad, right?  No joke, this was perfect ... fresh lettuce, plentiful ham, salami, cheese, tomatoes, olives ... and best of all, the right amount of dressing.  We forgot to order it on the side and we were a little nervous when it arrived ... so many places either drown the salad or barely dust it.  This was the salad Goldilocks would've chosen.The pizza?  Let me just say that it's going to be a while before we order our "former" usual entrees.  Outstanding ... ham, artichoke hearts, tomato slices and banana peppers were our topping choices and we couldn't have been more pleased.  Top notch service included a friendly visit from the owner.  We're thrilled that this place gets it right so often.  You should seriously consider a visit.
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2010,5/16/2011,332,128,5,6,6>This place is soooo good.  I was here for belated Christmas dinner with my family.  We ordered the chef special which was an 8oz filet with lobster claw meat.  We also got the lobster mac and cheese.The meat was cooked to perfection.  Meaning, I ordered rare and got the proper cool center and not the usual medium rare that you see other cowardly steakhouses make.Service here was great.  They even have a guy who scrapes the crumbs off your table.My only complaint is that they play their ambient music a bit too loud and the soundtrack sucks.  It sounds like 80s yacht rock jazz that you might here in a 1980s elevator.Great place.  Probably one of the best steak and lobster places in the Novi area.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,5/15/2011,109,76,2,4,3>I absolutely love Flair Boutique! They always have fashionable clothing items, and the owners are so friendly. I have not once gone into the store without finding something I really wanted to buy.It is a cute little shoppe, right next to some of the other boutiques in the area. Of course their policy is no returns, but I wouldn't expect anything else of a privately owned store. Not only are the workers friendly, but they are knowledgeable about styles and will go out of their way to find something that suits you well. Prices are not too bad either. I love that the owner always has her dog or cat in the store. It makes the place feel just a bit more homey.
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,5/14/2011,49,93,2,7,3>You cannot go wrong eating here. Here's why:1.) It's cheap2.) It's tasty3.) It's local4.) It's fast casual at its finest.I have been here a few times and all experiences have been great. My suggestion - go for what they are best at, which is a quality gyro. I'm generally a fan of Olga's, but this place outdoes Olga's x10.As a Greek, I know a good Gyro when I taste one and this one is tops. The meat is cooked to perfection and piled high on a warm and delicious thick-style pita. At just $5.45 for the sandwich, you will be full as they do not skimp on meat or toppings at all.I like mine Detroit style, but instead of Greek dressing, I get tzatzki sauce.The Greek fries and spinach pies are OK, not the best I've tasted, but still worth a shot if you want to make your meal a combo.Don't let the strip mall location fool you. It's a one-of-a-kind restaurant (so far) and the atmosphere (and bathrooms!) are clean and inviting. Great lunch spot if you're in Troy.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2010,5/13/2011,60,86,2,5,4>Overall:  THE deli place of the greater Detroit area.  Small sandwiches run $7, large $10.  Very limited parking.  Cash only.  Vegetarians go away.  Extremely friendly owners!You know it's a GREAT sign when you're wandering outside, an hour before the restaurant opens, and the owner waves you in, just because you're there and hungry..."You want corned beef?  Pastrami?  Okay, we'll mix them together, no problem."This place has "neighborhood deli" written all over it!   It's what your local sit-greet-and-eat place should be.  The two friendly Russian guys who run the place treated me like family, now that I'm part of the "in-crowd" who can arrive at odd hours."After a while, all the sandwiches seem like little customers...that's when I need a break."First the food - we're talking big portions of corned beef, pastrami, salami...the usual lying-on-the-cardiac-cath-table-with-no-regrets type of deli fare.  Top it off with **Russian** dressing (emphasis mine and theirs), swiss, and grilled bread and you've got the ingredients to a true Happy Meal.  "I am from the Soviet Union, and even after the Soviet Union fell...it wasn't as bad as Detroit now!"But what really sets this place apart is the service.  Even a place like Zingerman's is very...corporate.  It doesn't have that mom-and-pop appeal.  You can't just sit at the counter, order a sandwich, and have a conversation while your meal is being made in front of your eyes.  I like that.  I miss that.  You can't get that hardly anywhere any more.  I'm shocked to see any complaints about the service.  Maybe we're not used to going out and interacting with business owners.  If it only had beer.  Let me check next time I go.
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,5/12/2011,198,632,5,13,8>I crave Best China.  I could eat there 3xs a week without a problem.  I've started sneaking there for lunch...alone.  It's bad!My new love is the Spicy Salted Shrimp.  I've had this dish 3 times now, and it's dead on every time.  A huge mound of crispy breaded shrimp (no grease), seasoned to perfection, with sauteed onions, peppers and carrots.  Expensive ($12-ish), but worth it!I've tried the braised half duck, glazed in soy sauce.  Tasty, but lots of bones to contend with since they chop the duck in to slices (3 stars, I wouldn't get it again).  I've also tried the Fish and Pickled Veggie noodle soup - huge bowl of pungent (and I do mean earthy) soup, chock full of flaky white fish fillets and noodles (Ken liked this one more than I did, and said he'd get it again.  Not me - too strange smelling.).  Scallion pancake is delicious.  Fried dumplings remain killer.Ken's favorite is now Beef in Black Bean Sauce.  This one is hit or miss for me, but he loves it (and that's all that matters).The couple who runs the place recognizes us now and only brings us the Chinese menu and chopsticks (we're sooooo in!).  Speaking of the Chinese menu, they've updated it with more options and better descriptions.  Nights and weekends the clientele is mostly Asian.  Lunch runs more non-Asian.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,5/11/2011,139,856,3,6,5>I am in a food coma now after my first visit to the Pupuseria.  Oh my god.This afternoon I found myself in this alternate universe on Livernois.  Strangely, I was reminded of the atmosphere of a restaurant in Mendoza, Argentina.  But in Mendoza I had no pupusas. I had no idea how much to order, which resulted in me eating for 2 (it was a challenge, but a happy one).   I would recommend getting 1 or 2 pupusas, but I had 4, 2 each of the bean-cheese, and cheese-squash.  They are fantastic pupusas, and are very tasty with the cabbage salad and pupusa sauce.I also got an order of the plantains, which were extraordinary.  And orange jarritos to drink.  And I enjoyed watching the talk show on TV to re-orient the Spanish synapses in my brain.  All in all: Yummmmmmm.Service was very helpful and friendly.CASH ONLY.
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2011,5/10/2011,69,416,,8,5>Today, I read that this place has closed.  What a shame.  I wondered if they could possibly last when they are always so empty.  But alas they have closed and we have lost one of the only really good Indian places in the area.Rich7/17/2011--------------------------------------------------­---------------------------------------------We went there today for the lunch buffet, and like the last few times I was there, the place was pretty deserted. I guess the empty GM plant down the street might have something to do with that. None the less the buffet was really good and the food was nice and spicy. It has not been "Americanized" in the least. The chef there is still making dishes the way he wants. The chef did come out to our table to greet us and to get feedback about his dishes. He asked if the food was too spicy and if we liked it. We both replied that the spiciness was appreciated and the food was great. Then we had a nice surprise. The chef came out of the kitchen with a nice plate of freshly prepared vegetable pakoras. Thy were hot and tasty and much better than anything one would expect on a steam table. We thanked him and enjoyed them with our various other buffet selections. Following that, he came out of the kitchen proudly carrying a big freshly prepared dosa and plopped that down on the table. Well that was even better. And he explained to us how it was made and what it was made of. He even came back with a small monkey dish with some of the raw ingredient that the dosa was made from. This didn't cost us a thing. The chef merely wanted to please us and promote his dishes. It was a nice surprise and a pleasant experience. I like this buffet because the food is good, the food is hot and the staff is so kind. The server too was very pleasant and our basket of nice crispy naan was always replenished as was the water. The lunch buffet was $ 7.95 a person and there was a nice variety of dishes for the sampling.
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,5/9/2011,102,130,3,4,3>Great restaurant I have to admit. I have always been a little intimated to walk into an Indian restaurant, because I know nothing about their food. But by the positives reviews and a little push by Janelle, I made a couple of people go with me! Needless to say we had a great food. I wish I could name half of the things I ate, I liked the Paneer marsala, the nann, and that raiki(sp?) that was delicious cucumber sauce. Since I can't talk in to much detail about the food I will let you know the restaurant was nice and clean and the busser picked up our plates very fast after we were finished. The reason I didn't give 5 stars was because of the initial service. No one greeted us, told us where to sit, or approached our table after we sat down. So we just all got up and started eating off the buffet. I felt kind of weird at first not knowing if this was the custom of this buffet. We eventually all got over it started chowing down. We weren't even asked if we wanted a drink besides water. After we warmed up to the buffet the food out did the initial service problem. Definitely will go back here again! Oh and the lamb thingy was really good too!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,5/8/2011,49,75,5,6,7>Going to Guernsey for ice cream has been a family tradition every since I can remember.  My grandmother likes to tell me stories about how when I was 3 I knew the directions to get there from my house in Livonia (a girl's gotta know where the best ice cream is from a very young age!),  I have fond memories of sitting atop their famous boulders licking blue moon or superman ice creams.  Shoot, I remember when this place was essentially a truck stop- that was before they added the restaurant and grocery area.The ice cream at Guernsey is what has drawn me (and everyone else) to it for all of these years.  Rich and creamy, with unique flavors like Creme de Novi (creme de menthe), Lemon Custard, and of course, the best blue moon and superman ice creams on the planet.While I whole-heartedly give the joint a 5 for the ice cream and nostalgia factor, the restaurant leaves a lot to be desired and I would only give it three *** stars.  It's kinda out dated, and the food is like what you may be served at a hospital cafeteria.  The broasted chicken, however. is the only exception to this.  But who wants to go to a restaurant and only eat chicken?  The sides are sub-par, and that's being generous,  Mashed potatoes are most definitely instant, green beans over cooked.  Chicken is great for carryout, and then you can supply your own sides!You have to try Guernsey's ice cream, just pass on the restaurant.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2011,5/7/2011,182,168,5,17,7>I recently celebrated my Quarter Century mark at 29Park and the experience was no less than fabulous!!The venue is rather large, with ample dance floor space and a decent amount of booths for large parties. My bf called in advance to book a booth for our party since there were about 15-20 of us. Booking a booth comes with free sandwiches/munchies around 1-1:30am and a free round of shots (which we really didn't end up getting b/c we forgot to ask, but i think we were goooooood anyways ^_^). Cover is $10/person regardless of whether you book a booth. The bartenders are really friendly and the drinks are made nice and strong! The club even passes out free Dasani water bottles at the end of the night to everyone walking out the door! That kind of customer service is something I have never seen in a club/bar environment, not even at V (MGM) or Amnesia (Motor City). The security is really on point. They were EVERYWHERE and they were BIG! They generally stayed out of people's way and let them have fun, and thank goodness there's no dumb rule of "no drinks on the dance floor" like at Amnesia. But when we encountered a little bit of rowdiness from a fellow drunken club goer, the security was quick to swoop in and take out the trash before the situation escalated. *applause* for 29Park security!!This is pretty far from where I live so I can't wait for an excuse to go back out to Novi just to go to 29Park!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2011,5/6/2011,196,355,3,7,6>Roman Village is -- almost literally -- in the middle of nowhere.  It is on a bare patch right where Vernor Highway crosses Dix, stuck between Mexican Town and the east side of Dearborn.  We just happened across it on a meander out of Detroit after visiting Eastern Market, and boy am I glad we did!  We were really surprised at how crowded it was before 5pm on a Saturday afternoon.  But then we tasted their food.  Roman Village makes from-scratch food like mama used to (if mama happened to be a gourmet cook).  The bread is served still steaming from the oven -  wonderfully fresh and springy. The pasta e fagioli is thick and beany.  And the polenta with Italian sausage, absolutely authentic tasting with house-made sausage.Hubby and bro's-in-law had pizza, which they all agreed was good.  Oh! And the service was wonderful.  Our waiter made Speedy Gonzales look like Regular Gonzales.Try it, you'll like it!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,5/5/2011,142,231,4,6,4>I have been debating between a 4 and a 5 but finally settled in to a 4.   What can I say about Ron's?   Well, I am always on the prowl for good BBQ and this place did not disappoint.I came with my family so we were a party of 6.  Now, Rons doesn't advertise being a full fledged restaurant so I can't fault them for this, but there is no place to sit.   No I mean it.   There was 1 table in front of the order counter and that's it.   It's meant for people to sit while waiting for their order but luckily the nice owner Nancy let us eat at it.   The area was a little dirty, and there wasn't any door or curtain blocking one of the side rooms so we saw right into their cluttered space.  Unfortunately that's where they lost their 1 star.   I heard Nancy say they were working on that though.   I ordered the pulled pork plate with mac-n-cheese and coleslaw.    Others ordered ribs & chicken.    Now, what the atmosphere lacks the food makes up for.   Aside from cornbread that was just a shade dry, our entire party was silenced for about 20 minutes while we ate.   The only thing we heard were the sounds of each other sighing and humming as each bite we took was quite delicious.   My precious 7 year old nephew even said "I'm already full, but I just keep going for it."   Very wise words.   The portions are absolutely huge and we brought back another meal for all of us.Nancy was extremely friendly the entire time and very accommodating.  She was the only one there and kept up well with everyone's needs.   She even gave us free brownies at the end!   Yahoo for Nancy!Ron's will definitely be a place I return to grab and go.  Just remember, it's only for takeout at this point.   Just a little work on the interior and add some tables and chairs and I believe that will seal the deal.  Their food speaks for itself.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2010,5/4/2011,58,63,7,13,9>Before we get to the review, let me save you some time getting to Pizzeria Biga... When trying to find PB, don't go by the spot demarcated on the Google Maps.  The restaurant is actually on Franklin, north of 12 Mile in the old Il Posto location.We now return to our regularly scheduled review...In a previous review I extolled the virtue of the New York City style thin crust pizza.  Indeed, it is the type of pizza that I think of when I hear the word pizza.  Thanks to New York City Pizzeria in Troy, my love affair with the NYC style pizza is going strong.At one time however, there was another type of pizza that I had fallen head-over-heels for, as a teen.  A pizza from a foreign land... a pizza that seduced me with flavors both familiar and exotic... a pizza with a crust at once, both tender and and crisp.   Alas, much like my long distance relationships in college, it inevitably ended and was forgotten.  I am of course, talking about pizza in Italy.But now I am in a quandary... my old love has re-entered my life thanks to Pizzeria Biga.  Oh but what a sweet conflict to have.Pizzeria Biga pizzas are like no other pizza I have eaten in the Detroit area.  Quite simply, they follow the style of pizza that you actually find in Italy.  Wafer thin crust that is crispy on the bottom, chewy on top, charred on the ends and loaded with fresh toppings of your choice.  Do not however, expect the pies to be smothered in sauce and covered completely with cheese.  No... that would make it just another American type pizza.  An Italian type pizza is more about tasting the fresh veggies, home cured meats, and various bounty from the sea.My friend and I started with orders of saffron risotto balls, meatballs in marinara sauce, and a 3 item charcuterie plate featuring duck prosciutto, breseola, and mortadella .  Ironically, the one misstep was the ubiquitous meatballs.  They were alternately dry or waterlogged but universally bland.  I would not order them again.  All the other appetizers were excellent.The pizza I ordered was the Italian Tuna which strangely enough, had tuna as the primary ingredient.  The other toppings were onions, capers, and olives.  As per Italian tradition of not serving seafood with cheese, my pie was cheese free.  It was, quite simply, exquisite.  There are numerous pie configurations that you won't find in any typical US pizzeria and the list of toppings for a make-your-own pizza is immense (and primarily of ingredients you would find in Italy).There is a small selection of desserts of which I would certainly recommend the sorbetto.  I had orange, my friend had berry.  The sorbet was the perfect mix of sweet and tart, pleasingly smooth, and the perfect light end to a decidedly large lunch.So must I choose between my current beloved or an old flame?I think not... I choose both... c'mon folks, were only talking pizza!  :)  :)  :P
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,5/3/2011,182,276,13,11,10>Excellent sliders, and even better people watching. Today at 1PM in the afternoon I popped in to grab a sack of sliders and had to wait a bit for them.  In the ensuing time, I watched as working stiffs, prostitutes, preachers, bikers, and even a woman smoking a mentholated cigarette through her tracheotomy stoma all queued up for a sack of Telway goodness.  I suspect most suburban types would be off put by the freaky scene, but that is their problem. The buns were fresh,  and the beef was juicy and properly cooked.  I also sampled an order of onion rings, which were quite tasty.  I rounded out my meal with a chili which was not all that meaty, but still quite tasty.All this and a floor show for $5.25.  You can't beat it!
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,5/2/2011,171,85,3,5,4>Oh Metro Airport you're home to me. I have you down to a science. I don't know if it's years of traversing the airport and primarily the Delta (formerly NWA terminal) itself or if I'm in a particularly good mood when I travel but I tend to think it's easy breezy to get around Metro Airport. Terminals are well-marked. Employees are professional but helpful. The worst thing that can happen -besides the dreaded cancellations and flight delays -is a gate change that moves you from one side of the terminal to the other. It's a huge place and I've sometimes felt like a member of the family in "Home Alone" running through the airport in a last-minute panic inflicted by an airline. Still, there are plenty of options for wasting extra time, snacking on Starbucks, sushi or margaritas, or just watching the take-offs and landings and waiting your turn. I've been to a lot of airports all across the world and this happens to be one of the smoothest-running in the bunch.
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,5/1/2011,104,113,5,7,4>I feel that since this is my 100th review, and it's in the New Year, I need to make sure this review is good -- or at least funny. I can do funny.Since it's a new year I made the same resolution for the new year that every lazy, plump, and unmotivated human being makes.  Quit being a fatty, get my behind off the couch, and work out.  In theory, this is a fantastic idea. Now for implementation .... *sigh* Don't worry people I'm making you proud.  I'm choking down a chocolate doughnut while typing out this review.  Go me!So with this new found motivation in the new year (let's be real, it will probably last a few weeks) I had to find a gym worthy enough of my dollaz.  I like to really stretch my dollar so I had to make sure and really do my gym research.  I would argue with anyone that the Rochester Athletic Club is the best bang for your buck in terms of working out.First off, the place is kept very clean and is constantly being maintained.  During the day employees are always keeping the equipment clean, towels freshly laundered, and the locker rooms are pretty immaculate.  To me, cleanliness is the most important.  There's nothing worse than getting on a piece of equipment, only to find someone's sweat on a machine.  The other thing I like are the hours, equipment selection, and size of the place.  At least for me I have NEVER had to fight to get onto a treadmill or elliptical to date.  They also have a ton of classes to pick from.  Apparently you burn around 600 calories in a spinning class, and Zumba is worth around 6-8 Weight Watchers points??? SCOOOOOORE!  You'll soon find me in one of these classes unfattying myself.They also have really great pricing deals.  I will be honest -- I didn't memorize every single pricing option they gave out, but when they were saying theirs they were SIGNIFICANTLY less than Powerhouse, Fitness 19, Lifetime, World, and the other ones I checked out.  I also know they have student rates and shorter contracts so you aren't forced into a one year thing, but  you'll want to ask them yourself about their plans.They also have a salon and spa attached.  For those of you that have read my reviews on Harris Russo Spa - this would be the attached spa.  I haven't been to their salon so I can't comment on it, but I do know their spa is amazing.  What's better, and I didn't know this really until recently, but every week they have discounted specials.  Plus, one day a week they have member appreciation days where you can get discounted spa services (up to $20 off) if you book an appointment for a service on those days.Finally, and for those of you that read my reviews you always know this is the make or break for me -- customer service.  The front desk people are very friendly.  I think what really made this place "my gym" is that when I was working out closer to the front desk I noticed that the employees greeted just about everybody by their first name.  The fact that they bother to get to know the clients I thought was really great.  I also love that this is a real mix of people that work out here.  Unlike the other gyms I feel like I don't need to spend over $100 on designer work out gear.  Go ahead and wear those shorts from 7 years ago and a ratty t-shirt because no one cares.  I like working out somewhere where I feel comfortable being a gross sweating mess and people aren't judging me for it.  They also have personal trainers that have gone through training and testing so you aren't getting just anyone.  They also are pretty reasonable in price as well.If you live nearby, or even within a reasonable driving distance, the RAC is worth checking out and joining.  Maybe you'll even see me working out.   You won't be able to miss it.  I'll be the 27-year-old girl sweating profusely, super red, and twitching/dying next to a treadmill on the ground.  Don't worry about me, as long as I'm panting I'm still alive.  Ooooh the joys of New Years resolutions ... :-)
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2011,4/30/2011,149,123,11,9,7>I'm about to move to Corktown just so I can be close to Honey Bee.Here's the thing, I have a severe salsa addiction... If there was a Salsaholics Anonymous I would need to join and do all 12 steps. House made chips & salsa to try when you walk in the door - seriously?! Had I stumbled on my way in, died and gone to heaven?  Oh my, so so good.Once my husband was able to pull me away from the freebies, I could admire the beautiful grocery store that this is. If I hadn't had dinner plans, I would have definitely walked out with some of the ready made carnitas, a few limes and some soft corn tortillas.Beyond the food that I could eat without any effort on my part, the whole store was entirely charming, well stocked, full of great fresh produce, meats and pantry goods. Now if they only start carrying Victoria, I will sell everything I have to move next door. For now, I promise I will be making occasional Saturday road trips to pick up some goodies (and feed my habit).
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,4/29/2011,68,109,5,10,9>What can I say?! I was lured by the other posts too. And I have to start by saying, "Thank you." The french toast special was to die for. As you've stated; it's a small place and not fancy by any means but the food was perfect. Everything was excellent. The meats were delicious and high quality. The french toast was so moist and buttery. The eggs were cooked to order and well seasoned (pinch of salt and pepper). The waitress was super friendly and very attentive. The cook was right in the middle of the room behind the lil' diner area and he was really polite too. The food was quality for sure. One thing that I don't think was mentioned (and to me is very important) is........THEY SERVE BREAKFAST ALL DAY! Best news ever since I like to sleep in on my Saturdays. We will be going back again and again and again. I can't wait to try some other items on the menu. Oh, and I never tell my friends to go try a place. Never, ever, ever. Yet for some reason I felt compelled to tell two friends to go to this place and try their breakfast! Yes, it was THAT good.
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,4/28/2011,84,138,8,8,6>Its really really hard for me to write a really awesome review of Bates because frankly I'm mowing down a Bates chee burger at the moment.Bates of Livonia is a tradition. You cant visit Livonia without stopping at Bates. I've never eaten in believe it or not. But I've always gotten em to go from the window. Go ahead. you know you want too buy that sack of 6. Its not gonna hurt ya, In fact its healthy! I know thats a crock of lies but heck there is not much things in the world better than a sack of 6 hot fresh greasy cheesy Bates cheeseburgers with extra pickles and everything. If you are lucky you'll be there at the same time someone is actually deep frying the French Fries to perfection. Otherwise most of the time the french fries are soggy. Even when I ask for them to be crunchy I get mediocre fries. No clue yet what the magic word is.I have never been able to order just 1. sometimes though I've ordered 8 or even 12 burgers. I've never had anything else there at Bates though. Some people I know say they have decent Coney's but I've never ventured there for one. One of the biggest issues is the tiny lot, if you drive a big SUV you can get blocked in quickly on a busy night. 2nd gripe is Livonia has an Ordinance against Eating in your Car... I know right! WTF, Eating in my f'ing Car is a my God given right. LOL Oh Well do what I do, drive across the street or down a couple blocks at the nearest shopping mart and chow down if you can't wait to get home.Before I was allergic to Dairy I used to get their Chocolate Shakes in the summer. OOOOOh I miss those things. And I swear to God they have a magic Genie in their Coca-Cola Machine. I've NEVER had a Bad Coke there. Always the right combo of Fizz & Flavor! YES YES YES YES!!! I'll have what she's having, Harry met Sally. Dude, yeah Bates Burgers are almost as good as a romp & a roll.Always Always get Extra Pickle & Everything. Why? If you don't they will squirt 1/2 a micron of Mustard, Ketchup and if your lucky a pickle slice the size of a dime. Only time I can't stand it is when there's 33 people all trying to stand in the To Go alcove at -25 degrees in Winter, and there's that one Dude just outside the door on his 4th cigarette.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2011,4/27/2011,139,103,3,10,7>Well the owners of Neehee's are at it again...Following the success of the street food concept, they have opened Dhaba, an Indian take out stand serving a focused menu full of traditional dishes.  Now a lot of restaurants could learn a thing or two about how to organize and put together a menu, and Dhaba makes the choices of dish and meat/cheese very simple, clear and approachable.  This is not to say that the food is simple, it's not, filling ones mouth with a rainbow bright of flavors and spice.  The Goat Vindaloo comes to party bristling with firepower, ready to kick you in the mouth, but in a good way.  I can handle my spice, but if your at all sensitive to the hurt  then definitely specify that you need the "kiddie gloves"  The chicken saag, a spinach and curry goo, was also flavorful, but perhaps pulverized a hair beyond baby food. There were also a variety of dishes that I have never seen on a menu, and can't wait to explore. To give Dhaba credit, they are in a soft opening period, allowing them time to take input to perfect their menu and recipe.  Anyway, this is a welcome addition to Canton's growing Indian food alley, and I can't wait to try the rest.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2010,4/26/2011,70,153,19,7,10>If you are looking for a DINER with a capital D, look no further my grease-lovin' friend. It's DIRT cheap, you get a huge honker of a plate of food, and the waitresses are amusing as hell!  They have a jukebox, are open 24 hours, and your brown paper takeout bag will be mottled with oily stains.  Well whaddya want?  You'll find displaced teens not old enough to hit the bars, old chicks with wild 50's faux furs that were theirs the whole time thank you, and grizzled, gray-whiskered gents in flannel.  The decor is very 1950's utilitarian, i:e it's fabulosity is intact. Thank GOD they didn't go and try to jazz it up!I probably shouldn't tell you this but the last time I ate there, the portable ATM inside that I had just used kicked out an extra $20.  We were talking and next thing I knew I heard a whir, then noticed a fresh bill in the slot!  I got up and made sure my transaction was cleared, then, still not sure whether or not the 20 had been somehow deducted from my account, had an ethical debate with my man about what to do.  One look at our waitress was all I needed.  Anyone over 60 loaded down with a million goofy pins, a painted face, and festive plastic necklaces is more punk rock than I ever achieved!   I slapped down the twenty for her tip and sashayed into the night.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,4/25/2011,77,274,16,7,8>As the woman and I parked our car out in front of Atlas, a street sign told us exactly what kind of neighborhood we were in. "Do Not Leave Anything in Your Car" the sign screamed down at us. We took one look at our precious ABBA CD and kissed it goodbye, fearing it would be the last we saw of it and decided to risk it. It was so worth it.Our meal at Atlas was kind of one of those divine things where everything just came together right. Being Detroit Restaurant Week, Atlas wasn't offering their full menu, but it was a pretty good cross section of their dishes at a reasonable cost. I started with the Beet and Goat Cheese salad, with the caveat from the waitress that it was more beet dish than salad. She was right, but that didn't stop it from being a great combination of flavors. The beet, cheese, lettuce and crostini worked well together. The lady ordered the leg of duck confit, which continued my streak of never trying a bad duck confit dish. For my main course, I ordered the Short Rib, which was perfectly cooked and tender. The rich sauce and asparagus surrounding it made for a deep, rich texture. Although I would warn that it is a very heavy dish. The woman ordered the Osso Bucco. I liked it, but not as much as mine. The veal was perfectly cooked and the tomato was a good compliment to it. But I'm not a veal guy. For dessert, I had the Italian Tartufo, which led to a reversal of roles of me not letting the significant other have a bite.As we walked back to the car, not wearing Kevlar, it led to a bigger level discussion that may be beyond placing in a Yelp review. But I'll paraphrase it anyway. There's a lot of talk about what it will take to "save" Detroit. The problem is another sad pictorial of the city's abandoned buildings, not going to save it. Nor is painting a flower on a trash can. Really, even government legislation to save Detroit can only do so much. What will save Detroit in the end is the kind of short rib that falls right off the bone when you put a fork to it. The kind that willl eventually bring in the overly Botoxed, heavily salined, Birmingham housewives and friends into Detroit proper to ingest it while talking about how much yoga they'll have to do tomorrow morning to burn off the calories. Thank you Atlas for bringing us one step closer to that reality. Added bonus: Our ABBA CD was sitting there waiting for us in the car when we returned. Damn it!
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,4/24/2011,132,325,5,9,7>i went to leon and lulu due to a review by jeffrey.  i figured i could find my lovely friend christine a wedding present here from his description.i walked in and fell in love!the lamp section made me want to buy every single one they had.  but, there glowing in a beautiful burnt 70's orange was the perfect lamp ever.  the artist takes vintage bases and makes cloth shades to match.  i can't wait to give it to my friend. she is gonna love it!.the rest of the store had some of the most interesting knick knacks i have encountered in a long time.  i will be back to fill my house to chachkee heaven.i love the hard word floors still left over from when the building was a roller rink.  i love the cute big dog.  i love the color explosion everywhere.  i really want the orange couch currently in the front window.only one small hitch to my perfect love of a furniture store.  it was a little overpriced for certain items, but others i thought were spot on.love, juston
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,4/21/2011,81,147,4,7,5>I come from a small community that has a heavy Amish population and let me tell you, the Amish know how to make a pie.  I am so excited because, I have found a local substitute in Achatz Pies!First, their crust is flaky and not overly sweet, which is key.  Second, I respect a place that places value on a traditional apple pie, most establishments stick to the dutch apple.  Though tasty, sometimes it can be overly sweet and a double-crust apple is more subtle.  Finally, on Fridays you can "build your own pie" by picking 7 different slices of pie, which is a great opportunity to try something different.  Achatz is close to my home in Troy, so it is also super convenient.  For those of you living farther away you can also purchase whole Achatz pies at PaPa Joes in Rochester (near their dessert cases).
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,4/20/2011,21,56,7,5,7>Im a fat kid. This is my candy store.One world is pretty complete when it comes to japanese grocery. You can pretty much find all the necessary ingredients you need for whipping up japanese dishes at home. Fresh fish, frozen food, sauce and seasonings, instant ramen noodles and much more. I especially love how they carry a variety of the same type of item. This often caused me to stand in front of the shelf staring since i cant make up my mind! They also have a great selection of imported drinks like tea, flavored water and yakult! The best part of one world is definitely all the different snacks. Potato chips, pocky, candies, rice treats and bread! You can also get prepared food by the corner near the restaurant. The katsudon or gyudon is excellent for a quick bento lunch. The sushi however is not fresh as you would expect for a packaged sushi sitting in the fridge section.  Aside from food, they also carry some house hold items ranging from kitchen to bathroom to personal necessities. Tho once a certain item runs out it usually takes them awhile to restock it. (grrrr...waited for months before they restock the gatsby moving rubber) If you are not familiar with japanese grocery items it can get overwhelming and its hard to get someone at the store to help you. Be brave and grab something with colorful packing and you cant go wrong. I hope.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2010,4/19/2011,24,81,5,6,5>I stopped by Tallulah for the first time this past week, and long story short, I will certainly be going back.First of all, the company of our fellow diners was very interesting, so that kind of set things up for a lively evening. Within one minute of sitting down (literally), one of the ladies at the next table over leans over and begins vehemently talking to  us, going on and on about her "gorgeous gay seventeen year old son dating an inked-up twenty-five year old Jewish man in a band" (no joke, she talked about this specific subject for at least ten-fifteen minutes), how her husband is in "federal prison", and her burgeoning matchmaking business - at which point I leaned over to my dining companion during a lull in the conversation and mentioned my strong opinion that one day she was sitting on the couch with her wine and Vicodin and an episode of Patti Stanger's Millionaire Matchmaker came on, sparking a brilliant career change.Gerard Butler was also there, but I'm not really celebrity-obsessed, so I was kind of whatever about it.Moving on to the actual offerings... The ambiance of the dining room kind of outweighs the cramped quarters, which is good. Classy, white linen, but not over the top about it.The wine selection was VERY impressive - not huge, but a considerably eclectic variety. I got a glass of Lillet as an aperitif, and how many places can you cite that have Lillet at all? That alone impressed me quite a bit.Food wise, what we had was pretty good. We split an appetizer of the prawns (cooked perfectly, with a slight heat to them), a beet salad (not spectacular, but an above-average salad), and the sweet potato gnocchi (very good, if not a smidge salty at times).My congratulations to Mindy VanHellemont. Tallulah is a welcome addition to Birmingham, as opposed to the dearth of yuppie-hipster-dbag "lounges" opening up like gangbusters.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2010,4/18/2011,29,44,7,6,4>I went to the Mars Bar last night (Thursday) on a whim and a recommendation from Doxie, who I met at Soup at Spaulding in Corktown. I wasn't even in the mood to go out or to drink, but decided to humor my friend, who was trying to avoid cleaning her apartment. Several people who attended the Soup at Spaulding event wound up at the surprisingly hip (a little too hip, perhaps. I generally prefer dive bars) bar in downtown Hamtramck. I'm not really into the bar or club scene, but Mars Bar is a very nice wedding of the two. The ambiance was great: very nice décor and a DJ spinning what actually turned out to be good house music, if you're not one of those people who believes that's an oxymoron. The service was fantastic and I'm happy to say that I finally (finally!) got to try absinthe the way it's meant to be had--with an ornate metal spoon topped with a cut hunk of unrefined sugar which was then set on fire and eventually mixed with water. The absinthe was delicious and authentic (from France with wormwood). Two absinthes (generous servings) is plenty, or perhaps more than enough for some ($8 apiece). My friend opted for unlimited PBR which you can purchase for $10 and isn't a bad deal if you're willing to drink PBR and intend to make it a long night.The bar seemed to attract a very diverse group of people from hip Hamtramckites young and old alike, to fire dancers, local activists and suburb-dwellers wearing suspenders such as myself and my friend (who was not wearing suspenders). The bartender was very professional (filled up my water countless times without my needing to ask), good at his job, and also personable. And his name is Dick Ball (really, I swear). He told me he makes a phenomenal drink composed of absinthe and "energy vodka." Next time. And there definitely will be a next time. They also make chocolate martinis, which seemed to be very popular on that particular night. The exterior is unassuming. The interior is very red and has both ample bar space with stools and modern, couch-type lounge seating all along the back wall, with tables in front of them. The DJ was spinning at 9:30, when we arrived, and still kicking out the jams after 1:00 a.m. when we left.I met a ton of people from all over Metro Detroit, and one recent transplant from Cali (and another from Arizona). Conversation was easy and entertaining, the crowd was friendly, and the drinks good and plentiful. I would definitely recommend going to Mars Bar to anyone looking for a little twist and a night out with some friends, especially if you're looking to make new friends, which will inevitably happen here if you're open to it.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2010,4/17/2011,151,160,6,8,5>This is and has always been my hands down favorite of the SW Detroit choices. Today's visit coincided with Dia de los Muertes (Day fo the Dead). I took some photos that includes their ofrenda (altar). We were greeted at the door by a nymph and seated by Clark Kent. Our waiter Daniel was dressed as a waiter, but he has always been somewhat of a ghost . Sometimes he shows himself, sometimes he disappears. Although this does not distract from the consistent quality of the food. Nor the coldness of the cervezas.  I ordered the shrimp cocktail. It always has huge shrimp with chunks of avocadoes, tomatos, cilantro and onions lightly sprinkled into in a citrus broth. Pico de gallo, limes and crackers served on the side. My friend ordered the beef and goat tacos lunch plate and was equally happy. We topped this off with fried ice cream, the best around. We'll be back again and again.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,4/16/2011,267,274,8,10,9>I will totally admit I was not on the Treat Dreams train when they first opened. I sent my husband out for ice cream when they opened back in August and he brought me home something that just wasn't great. That was about 4 months ago and I never returned after that.The problem was...HE GOT THE WRONG THING!!!!!! Treat dreams...you can totally blame my husband for my lack of patronage. Today I was having a crap day. You know...those kind of days where only ice cream can make things better? I decided to give Treat Dreams another shot and I am SO HAPPY I did. I headed over with my 2 year old daughter. She was up first. She got the kookie monster ice cream. This is a PERFECT ice cream for a kid. First of all its blue vanilla. Thats a win in a kids eye before they even take a bite. Next up is delicious cookie dough and oreos mixed in. My daughter could not stop saying yum the entire time. My order was a little harder. I wanted to try everything. Bananas Foster, Cannoli, Salted Caramel. All amazing...but the one that won me over was the Mexican Chocolate. It was a perfect creamy chocolate ice cream with a hot spicy kick at the end. I may or may not have gotten an extra scoop to take home with me as well. The owner is extremely helpful and always willing to talk ice cream with you and let you sample how ever many flavors your heart desires.I do wish that the ice creams were right in front so you could see what they look like before ordering (they are in a freezer where you cannot see in). I know the owner did not care but I felt bad asking so many questions and for so many samples since I could not see them in front of me. Treat Dreams also sells baked goods (cupcakes...brownies...cake pops...etc). I tried a brownie and it was fine. I honestly think the ice cream is where Treat Dreams excels. I live about a mile from treat dreams and my waistline is already cursing the day I discovered them. hummmmm....maybe if I take an extra long walk to get the ice cream everything will even out.
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,4/15/2011,660,114,7,13,9>The Bucharest Shawarma is, without a doubt, one of the finest sandwiches in the Detroit area.  Two chicken breasts, garlic sauce, pickles, french fries, cabbage, tomato, and mayo are all stuffed into a pita.  This is a gorgeous, messy portable meal. Perfect late night food.Beware: eating this sandwich in your car is near impossible without dripping garlicky juices all over your lap and seat.  On the other hand, driving more than 50 feet with this sandwich next to you will induce ravenous hunger pangs due to its tantalizing aroma, so maybe ruining a pair of jeans is worth it...If you dine in, grabbing a pint of beer at the Park Bar is a nice option, especially considering all of Park Bar's Michigan beers on tap.Efficient service, tasty food - Bucharest Grill is simple and awesome.
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,4/14/2011,376,267,3,18,10>Being my birthday celebration, I took a cab to D'mongo's with some friends. We walk up to the door and a man in a chef's jacket walks up, shakes my hand and says, "You took a cab here? First round of drinks free for these people! I'm Larry D'mongo, the owner." Needless to say, really great first impression. A nice lady then greets us and seats us near the piano. The decor of the place is very mish-mashed. Instruments on the walls, Billy Holiday picture, newspaper clippings from the true speakeasy days. Grandma's plastic covered living room chairs are everywhere. I felt like I was in someone's tea room/living room. George was at the piano when we walked in. Played a few songs, then came up and started talking with us all. He was such a character! He dedicated 2 birthday songs to me and was really a great singer and pianist. I'll be back to D'mongo's just to hear George play again. I didn't try the food but the drinks were good. The other Yelpers are right, they don't skimp on the alcohol. You get your money's worth for sure!  One friend of mine asked for something "tropical" and they came out with a drink that had a marshmallow peep skewered on a straw and stuck in the glass. That cracked me up!The outdoor seating is cool too, very relaxed and there was a BBQ going on outside. It felt more like a house party than a bar. It was a great time and is a true Detroit original with all of it's character and uniqueness.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,4/13/2011,53,254,7,6,6>I always feel weird reviewing places that don't have booze or live music, because in general I don't have strong views on food and can't articulate them well.  I happily make an exception for Beezy's.Yes, Beezy's is super cute.  Yes, they are super friendly.  True, the music they piped in was super cool.  All of these facts contribute to a five star review, but they are immaterial in the face of the BEST breakfast burrito I have ever had in my 35 years on this planet.Again, I am not a connoisseur. Not even of breakfast burritos. But if modern decorum wouldn't have made it a completely gauche move, I would have gone up and ordered a second one immediately after polishing off my first.  For reals.If the rest of the menu is half as good as the manna from heaven that is their BB - which I am assuming it is - go to Beezy's.  Thank me later.
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2010,4/12/2011,794,350,4,7,7>I feel like a star.....Breakfast anyone???I am not a big breakfast fan. I do have the occasional breakfast. I have now found a great place with a great breakfast, good atmosphere, good coffee and great place to meet up with friends.Great selections. Thought I would go with the Star Special3 eggs any style, choice of our ownspecially thick-cut bacon, sausagepatties, extra lean smoked hamsteak or sausage links, home fries,"BIG" toast and preserves.Good choice for my limited breakfast taste. Good thick cut bacon and cooked nice and crispy. Thick texas toast to sop up the eggs. The best part, not very greasy at all. The home fries were fantastic. I would come here for breakfast just for the home fries, WITH onions.The waitress was outstanding. Fast friendly service. Chatty little thing(but I like that). Never let our coffee cups go below half full, or is it half empty?This restaurant is in the old Denny's building. It has been completely remodeled into a nice red and black coloring scheme. Great atmosphere. Sure beats the old Denny's hands down.My next meet up with friends, The Bananas Foster French Toast that Craig M. suggests.
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,4/11/2011,45,114,1,8,9>It has been a long time since I was excited enough about a place to write a review right after eating somewhere. Las Palapas is the place.The moment I walked in I knew I made the right decision. The decor and atmosphere are great. The people are very friendly... some of the nicest I've encountered in any restaurant - ever. The girls behind the bar and the other servers seem like they are in love with the place... Genuinely in love with it. That's hard to find in a restaurant, and it makes a place incredibly hard to resist...The owner brings the same passion to the table. He loves what he's doing, he loves the food, and he is mad about his tequila collection, which is pretty damned nice.The food is some of the better Mexican I've had, even compared to a few amazing places in and around Houston. You can taste the quality and the love that went in to making it. One unfair thing, though, is that I ordered carryout (after hanging out for quite a while)... It was excellent, but it's not the real Las Palapas food experience. Next time, I'll have to dine-in and taste it at its best. The menu is huge, and the prices are reasonable, especially for the quantity and quality. And, again, the people are incredible.It's rare to find a place that exceeds your expectations in every way. Las Palapas does that - and raises the bar for anybody else willing to try. If you want Mexican food, you really need to give this place a shot. I'll see you there.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,4/10/2011,151,367,6,6,5>Ok, I'm going to save you the Candyman, Willy Wonka and kid in a candy store references....instead I am going use my Doc Sweets' sugar high to rave about the gummy bears!  No more gross, stale Haribo brand gummy bears that have been sitting on that convenience store shelf for years, I am now only eating gummy bears from Doc Sweets' or I will abstain completely from my favorite gummy treats.  At $4.99 a pound, these gummy bears offer a rainbow of flavors and a overabundance of sugar.  I love how the gummy bears here are actually chewy, not hard chewy, but how they at that "ought-to-be" chewy level...and they actually taste like the flavor that they are supposed to be.  No more gummies where the red just tastes like red and the purple tastes like poop.  At Doc Sweets' the red gummy bears taste like (artificial, of course) raspberry, the clear tastes like the pineapple and the green tastes like granny smith apples.  They even have peach, mango and watermelon flavored gummy bears. Ok, you are so thinking, "what is the matter with this gummy bear freak?"  Don't you worry, because Doc Sweets' has plenty of other gummy treats (penguins, octopi, letters, coke bottles etc), along with a plethora of other sugary sweets.  The Halloween candy selection is fantastic right now, I can only imagine how extensive their holiday selection will be.  Honestly, there is plenty to choose from, so take your pick, anything from bulk gummies, M&Ms, rock candy and chocolates to boxes, tubes, bags and tubs of varied candy.  The selection here is bar none.  Ok, I guess I'm done raving about this place (I'm too busy stuffing my face with gummy bears)...You'll just have to check out this place for yourself and find your favorite treat.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,4/9/2011,215,177,5,4,3>The fog hath cleared.  The last utterly delicious burger convinced me: such long tendrils of sweet burnt onion, the juicy thick burger, fresh sauteed shrooms, the crispy onion roll...Red Coat PWNS other burger joints in the area. (Vinse--WHA?)Excuse me while I step away from my computer to wipe away the drool...
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,4/8/2011,55,85,6,11,9>What coneys are to Detroit, cheese steaks are to Philly--but probably more so.  Think about it-- aside from say, cream cheese, what's the first thing you think of when someone says Philly? See!It used to be though, that you had to actually go to Philly to enjoy a top notch cheese steak. To that I say, "no more".  Authentic Philly cheese steaks are now conveniently dished out at Ziggy's in Southfield.  In a tiny strip along Southfield Road, right around 12  1/2 mile, Ziggy's awaits you with a sign proclaiming "Born in South Philly".  Walking in, the place is clean and bright, with a very pleasant smell of browning onions. Ziggy's menu features selections that make this carnivore quite happy. Cheese steaks, loose burgers, and a couple chicken sandwiches.  All available "wit" or "witout" sautéed onions, and topped with--Cheeze Whiz, or the cheese of your choice.So what does it take to make an authentic Philly Cheese Steak?  The bread is ultra important. And at Ziggy's, the hoagie roll achieved the perfect balance between soft center and firm (but not crispy) outer crust. Then there's the steak. Fresh thinly sliced ribeye, grilled and chopped to order. The onions need to be well caramelized, and it doesn't hurt to have a finely seasoned grill top. The end result is a one-of-a-kind flavor profile that touches on sweet, salt, tart, and well, grease (in a good way).My wife, who lived in Philly for several years, had hers wit onions and a nice helping of cheese whiz. She said this sandwich was just as good as her favorite spot in Reading Terminal Market. I had mine with BBQ sauce and provolone, and we split a large order of fries. The sandwiches tasted great, had a nice moistness to them, but the onions could have spent more time on the grill. Other sandwich add-ins include sautéed mushrooms, diced hot peppers, and even French fries, loaded right into the sandwich. Side order fries can be ordered as cheesy fries. Sandwiches come in 8" and 12" lengths.Check this place out. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2011,4/7/2011,391,189,6,7,6>Took out my Diva Queen foodie daughter for some good eats on a budget.I had $20.00; no more, no less.I was heading down Woodward Heights toward Royal Oak.  Was thinking about heading to Noodles and Company, but when I passed Hilton something caught my eye.  It was this cute little place with pretty twinkle lights outside.  Parking lot looked busy, but not crazy.  I asked Diva Queen if I should turn around.  She said yeah, let's check it out.We walked in and were greeted right away.  Looking around I loved the decor.  Lots of broadway posters and playbills line the walls.  We were seated and given our menus.  I got a little nervous at first... entrees avg $14-$20.. Uh oh. My daughter found the kids menu and said she would stick with that this time. (she's 11) I perused the sandwich menu and was able to breathe again.  Great, we could both eat now!! :)   Sammies are $5.95-$9.95. She ordered the spaghetti with meat sauce and I ordered the chicken breast sandwich.Kids menu prices are great but the selection is very dinky.  5 items total to choose from, and 1 was breakfast, so 4.Here's my main gripe about the place.  It was our waiter.  There were three waiters working, and about 8 tables with customers.   When I placed our orders, the waiter says, "is that it?"  Now, I don't like that.  I prefer "will that be all?" or "Anything else?"  "Is that it" just sounds like they are disappointed in what I ordered, like the bill wouldn't be enough to warrant a good tip.  Have faith Oh trusty waiter!!We sat talking and looked around the place.  D/Q noticed the floor and said it reminded her of a bathroom, but she loved the pictures and the chairs.  She thought the centerpieces were tacky ... LOL She thought the posters were very cool too, although she didn't care for the showtunes coming from the speakers.  I explained about ambience, she said yeah yeah... The waiter flies by and drops off her food and jets away.  No food for me... ummmm ok.She digs in and loves the food, they gave her 2 pcs of garlic toast too, which she happily gobbled down.  The waiter runs by again, ... now twice... oh, three times.D/Q asks why I didn't get my food yet.  I wasn't sure.  The waiter never said "yours will be right out", or anything like that.  I started thinking oh jeez, what if he didn't put my order in??? !!!   Ugh! Just as I was about to ask, he flew by again and dropped off my sandwich.  I wanted to be angry that I was left hanging, but the sandwich was SO GOOD I just couldn't stay angry!! Chicken breast with portabellos, arugala, greuyere cheese (sp) and basil mayo on a ciabatta roll.  YUM!! Aside from the chicken being a little thick cut, the sandwich was really delicious!! It came with homemade coleslaw which was tasty, and a pickle.  I ate all the coleslaw, the pickle and half the sammie and I was stuffed! The bill came to $15.53.  SCORE!! I handed over the $20 and told him to keep it.  I was so happy I was able to leave a good tip, although I don't know he necessarily deserved it.  I can totally see this being a new go-to place since it's close and I love the atmosphere.  I think the waiters just need to s-l-o-w down a little. Hubby was super happy to eat my leftover half of sammie and said it was delicious! I can't wait to go back and actually get to have an entree!!
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,4/6/2011,297,101,,20,12>For the longest time, this has been my secret treasure in humble old Warren. Other cities have their "super genuine ethnic enclaves" but Warren has... strip malls and factories, bars, and chain restaurants.Oh, and the single most "straight outta China" dining experience in the Metro Detroit area. Golden Harvest is a great place to introduce people to real Chinese food. You can go in here on a busy day and see dozens of Chinese people eating at huge round tables, family-style--something you never see at other Chinese restaurants. The menu is half in Mandarin and half English. There are things on this menu you cannot get at any other restaurant in Detroit, and this is a phenomenal chance to explore a cuisine you thought you knew something about. On top of some cool perks (like being open until 2am and being on top of a nightclub!), they completely change it up and offer Dim Sum daily until 3pm. They have fresh and saltwater fish tanks in the kitchen: When you get seafood from here, you are getting it fresh. The "back menu" is also a major treat and an amazing value: You can order any two items for $18.95; and those items include things like whole braised tilapia and garlic eggplant hotpot. These are items that are usually $15 and up on their own at other restaurants. Two people can dine here for under $20 and walk away completely full and satisfied AND take home leftovers. It's one of Detroit's best kept secrets. Where else are you going to get a whole braised fish, with a wonderful gingery homemade sauce and chunks of steamed tofu for about $9?This is a true Chinese restaurant, and it's right here in my backyard. I love this place to pieces.
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2011,4/5/2011,252,310,9,7,5>Ah, a Chinese - scratch that - Japanese buffet. I have not been to an Asian buffet in a long time. Boy, was it great to be back, and to an alleged "Japanese" buffet at that. Then again, I don't know just how "Japanese" this place is, I would just label it a high end Asian buffet. Something tells me they labeled it Japanese to illustrate a couple of vantage points (e.g. their variety of sushi, cocktail bar with Sake selection, Asian-style floor seating, and their general well-deserved distinction from run of the mill Chinese buffets).Upon walking in, I noticed the the majority of young ladies that waitress and take care of the customers are pleasant to look at. Eye candy before even looking at the food...Nice! Admittedly, the pricing here for lunch and dinner is pretty steep (approx $12 or $14 for lunch, and $18 or $20 for dinner, with the latter prices being for weekends). This is a pay to play buffet, as I would like to call it. The lunch pricing here is comparable to dinner pricing at your run of the mill Chinese buffet.To illustrate my experience, last night at dinner - I was overwhelmed by the fact that I had several varieties of sushi and sashimi rolls at my disposal to eat, in addition to dinner entrée favorites such as rather large steam snow crab legs, baked cheese mussels, crab cakes, flounder, Korean beef, crispy flash-fried tempura shrimp, amicable selection of dim sum, and even dungeness crab! At first, I was wary of paying for buffet style sushi, doubting the integrity of mass produced rolls - but each sushi and sashimi piece stood its own ground. It tasted comparable in quality to an average-average dedicated sushi-joint, which is an impressive offering in buffet style. Thus, the trade-off in quality for the sushi being "all you can eat" was slim to none. For an additional charge, it appears one can add lobster to their menu, which I found unnecessary as it was already challenging enough to play gastronomical Tetris with the vast selection of premium items they offer standard. In conclusion, the plethora of quality seafood options, and necessary terrestrial meats (your beef, chicken, pork, etc.) was very reflective of the age-old mantra, "you get what you pay for." Oh, I definitely got what I paid for - at the buffet, and in the 2 subsequent visits to the bathroom to release all this glorious joy. TMI, I know. This rather high-end buffet, if I may call it such, actually features a bar - but I must note that not a single lad or damsel was wasting their shillings and precious tummy space on adult beverage - so the small but inviting bar, looked rather lonely and for aesthetic purposes. My few gripes from this visit, and thus the surgical removal of a star, were: sub-par bathrooms, crummy dessert options typical of inferior Chinese buffets, and sadly bland coconut shrimp. A creamy comfort food that I look forward to. There are some daily specials at this buffet that are worth looking at, as well as authentic Asian floor seating and hot pot. As for the floor seating, my people [Indians] came to this country to get away from all that, but hey, to each their own! I highly recommend this Asian buffet! Come hungry and take advantage of the high-end menu items.
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2011,4/4/2011,188,247,8,9,6>I'm sorry if I sound like a young girl gushing over Justin Bieber, but Baby, Baby, Baby, that's how I feel about Namaste Flavors.Namaste flavors doesn't get 5 stars because of the ambiance. This is a dingy place that serves food on styrofoam plates, brings you a pitcher of water, but expects you to get your own cups, plastic wear, napkins, and buss your tables.  It doesn't get 5 stars for service; I got there when they opened and it took them 10 minutes before they even acknowledged I was there. It gets it fabulous rating and reputation for making what is perhaps the best Indian food I've ever eaten. The food comes in large quantities and bursting forth with even larger flavor. While I think the best way to really sample Namaste is to hit the buffet, I ordered off the menu for this round. Chili Chicken - phenomenally spiced, large portion, it offered a burn in the back of the throat, but subsided after a few minutes. Singapore noodles - Once again ..a large portion of a delicious combination of onion, peppers, noodles and other veggies. I also ordered a dosa which is a large "crepe". Combine this crisp delight with spicy Indian curries and sauces and you have an out of the world experience. The amount of food that I ordered could have fed a small village, but it was so inexpensive. The next day, I enjoyed all of my leftovers and remembered why I love this place over and over again.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,4/3/2011,125,326,5,9,8>Ahhh- My tastebuds are so happy.I stopped into the Fly Trap right after I moved to Ferndale.  I was in a cranky mood and just wanted some normal food.  We looked at the menu and were immediately thrown into wtf? world.  I don't even remember what we go that first time, but we didn't return for years.I am writing this review to say - Don't let a bad day sway you away from good food!  Wow - After having recently revisited the oddball menu, I found so many things that sounded enticing.  What was wrong with me that first time??  So let's first talk Huevos Rancheros and get that out of the way- Yum, yum, yum, - delicioso!  This is a glutton-fest - the flavors are fantastic, the food tastes fresh, and it's also a heart attack on a plate.  The only real negative I found with this dish as that there are WAY too many beans.  I will be sure to ask them to go easy on the beans next time- and oh yes, there will be a next time.Spicy beef brisket sandwich?  Yes please.  I found the name a little misleading as I didn't really get any heat from the dish - but I did get a mouthful of ooey gooey amazingness.  The cheese melts into the meat and the bread so perfectly.  This was not my meal, but I wanted to steal the whole thing.  The fries were a bit disappointing - that they were heavily salted wasn't a huge deal, but they were pretty soggy.  Since this was in a take-out container, I'm not going to dock them for this.  Maybe they would have tasted much better if they'd been served on a plate and eaten in-house.Their sauces are pretty crazy - we purchased a bottle of Swat Sauce- and I'd suggest you do the same.I'll be back!  Mmmm.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2010,4/2/2011,143,110,1,9,6>Thought I should update since DCA has moved and expanded.  Since my last update, Jalyn has joined DCA and now Nora and Jalyn are treating people at the corner of Woodward and Alexandrine, on the first floor of that glass building that says Apartment Finders on it.The treatment space is now larger and separated from the reception area by a door, which is good.  Now when I get treatments, talking in the front area isn't disruptive.  The new treatment area is also basking in a lot of natural light, which has been glorious this summer.As for the treatments themselves, I have been going at least once a week for over a year now and I don't think I can adequately express in words how much it has helped me, not only with overall wellness, but specifically to manage stress and keep a recurring shoulder/neck issue in check, which is the reason I started going in the first place.  The only reason I'm able to get acupuncture regularly and benefit from it is because of the community setting and the sliding scale, both of which make it more affordable than acupuncture by an MD, which is the only kind that most insurance companies will pay for (if at all).People go for all kinds of reasons and I honestly think everyone should give it a try.  It takes just two or three treatments to know if it's something you could benefit from or, at the very least, enjoy.  I've taken people with me that were totally blown away by the first treatment, and other people that just didn't feel they benefited from it.  It's honestly different for everyone, I think.It should also be noted that Nora and Jalyn are ridiculously nice and compassionate and care a great deal about helping people.Love DCA!  Love the new space!  Love acupuncture!
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2011,4/1/2011,106,248,3,6,2>What's not to love? The TWI has made me realize that I need to go to dive bars more often. Neat little dive in the armpit of Detroit. John and I, along with some neighbors, hit the First Friday and enjoyed drinks and free stuffed cabbage! Delish! My drink was adequately strong, but very cheap. The place is clean, but totally rough around the edges. It does lack some of the old-school divey charm that I like, but it's super comfortable and the other patrons were friendly. The bar itself was cool - big, wooded and long (yes, that's what she said). But the rest of the place was sorta hap-hazardly thrown together with a mixture of '70s paneling and what not. I would love to see what it looked like "back when." Totally a cool bar. I will be back. I will also bring more friends.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2010,3/30/2011,99,529,6,13,6>We FINALLY made it here and were pleasantly surprised by all the stuff they cram into the tiny little place... They have a cold case with fresh whole chickens, various chicken parts, bacon, and some cheeses. They also have some pre-packed local things like corn chips and dressings, along with fun things like jarred sweet beets, dill green beans, and zucchini relish. I loved the freezer section, with everything from sliced peaches to mixed veggies to whole rabbits to ground pork sausage. We wanted to try everything, but limited ourselves to buffalo burgers, a rabbit, ground port sausage, a chicken, and some sweet and sour sauce (that we've gotten before at Papa Joe's). Being organic, the stuff is more expensive, but being that we just wanted to try stuff, we weren't worried about the price. That said, I don't see this becoming our go-to place for everything because of the extra cost. BUT if organic is what you want, this is the place to get it. The workers were very nice, offered us information on the growing practices (and didn't barrage us when we said it wasn't necessary), and were just chatty enough not to be annoying. I highly recommend you at least stop and take a look at this place...though I'm sure you'll end up spending money you hadn't planned on!
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,3/29/2011,258,354,8,10,9>So, so fun.  Even if you are the type who initially doesnt really buy into pole dancing as a fun/fitness activity, try one class at Fantasy Fitness & see if your mind doesn't change!  There is nothing trashy about this studio, it's just good girly fun!I stopped in for a drop in pole class at the urging of a friend, mostly just because I was on vacation from work and didn't have anything else to do.  I was hooked!  I didn't know the other ladies in the class, and the last time I did any sort of dancing was in my kiddie tap class when I was 7.  I'd certainly never even touched a pole before.  Despite all this, I found it to be a totally fun and welcoming environment.  The instructors are knowledgable and explain the moves well - they're happy to help you individually or go over something a few times until everyone is sure of what they're doing.  Even if you need to modify the moves or haven't quite gotten the hang of a pole spin, it's so laid back - as long as we're all dancing and feeling cute!I've since signed up for a 4 week pole session and I look forward to it every Saturday.  Fantasy Fitness also offers some fun options of fitness and dance classes, like Zumba, Butts & Guts Boot Camp, and Hotties in Heels.  I've tried a few of those as well, and while I knew they'd be fun I was skeptical of how good of a work out they would offer - but I leave feeling sweaty and sore each time!  Even the pole classes are excellent toning (hauling your full body weight around the pole is no joke), and you leave feeling not only stronger but a little sexier too. :)Fantasy Fitness is all about helping women of any age or size have a good time while embracing their flirty side for an hour or two..  Even if you - like myself - are not typically a "girly girl," it's still kind of a kick to play the part in a fun, supportive environment. Ladies grab a girlfriend (or guys, tell your girlfriend) and drop in for a class!
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2011,3/28/2011,58,175,1,6,5>I went to eat at Roast over the holidays with my family. We celebrate my brother's anniversary with him and his wife every year when they visit us in Detroit. This year, our meal was very memorable! We had reservations and we were seated promptly after leaving our car with the valet. (more on this later) The decor is dark but cozy, although tables are not far apart, you never feel as though you are dining with strangers. We sat right in front of the beast that was destined to become tomorrow's Beast of the Day, so that was really neat. We also had a great view of the kitchen and the work those guys were doing on the grill... man, what a job!We started with drinks, I had a Pear Martini (amazingly smooth) recommended by my sister-in-law. In fact, she had this drink approx. a year ago here, and although she lives in NYC, she's been dying to get back to Roast for another! My brother had a nice bourbon drink and my hubby got a smoked beer. I have never seen a restaurant carry smoked beers, we thought you had to go to the brewer for that kind of decadence. We called it "bacon in a bottle" because although it was a dark beer it wasn't bitter, simply salty. For our meals, I had the Pork Shank Confit- which may be the best pork I've eaten in my life. It is served with sweet & sour cabage and walnuts & grapes. The rest of the party ordered the Lamb Ragu, Hanger Steak and the Grilled Lamb Sausage. Not a soul was upset with the flavors of their meals!WIth five people, we ordered 3 sides and found that to be plenty. We had the brussel sprouts (who knew cruciferious veggies could represent a slice of heaven?), rosemary fries (so good you don't need the sauces that accomany them) and the mushrooms (fresh & sauteed to perfection). Our meal was fabulous. I will go back again, and I have told some of our other Foodie friends about it, so we can go when they are in town. My only complaint had nothing to do with the restaurant, but with the valet service. They seemed to have lost our car or our keys and they lost the nerve to tell us what was happening. We waited for at least 30 minutes before we found out what was going on, then we waited more while they hunted around.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2010,3/27/2011,44,77,6,5,5>Last Tuesday, my sister and I decided to get matching sugar skull tattoos on the back of the calf instead of buying Festivus gifts.  I went up to Depot Town a week before and dropped off the inspiration photo to Mike and told him that we just liked the shape of the head and the teeth and we needed a spider, honey bees, and orchids somewhere in there.  I told him, you're the artist, do what you want. So we got there early and made sure we liked the design and we didn't have to make any changes. It was gorgeous!Now, dear readers, this was my very first tattoo ever! My baby sister took me to get my first tattoo just like I took her to get her first piercing forever ago. I was scared to death until I got there, and then everything was fine! I felt very comfortable and it was easy to relax once I plopped myself down on the table.Bill did my tattoo while Mike did my sister's.  It was a lovely bonding experience for my sis and I: watching each other cringe and pain while giggling about it.The shop is clean and everyone is friendly. Just don't ask Mike to allow you to listen to The Smiths while you get inked: "I hate Morrissey, that is where I draw the line." I couldn't help but laugh.I want to go back and get my other leg done now!
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2010,3/26/2011,68,72,12,12,8>Chicken and waffles: the breakfast of champions!My experience with waffles was pretty limited until I went to college- Eggo was the brand of choice in our house, and the smooshy styrofoam quality of them turned me off.  My first "real" waffle was from the dorm cafeteria, and even though it was infinitely better, it was still just another carby breakfast alternative about one step above pancakes.I can finally understand the allure of a waffle done right.  Light crispiness on the outside, just the right amount of bready give on the inside- so delicate in comparison to the chewy monstrosity that is a frozen premade waffle.  Pair that with the most perfectly prepared fried chicken, and you've got a meal that'll carry you through the rest of your day.  The menu is on the wall when you walk in- you don't need to read it, just order the chicken breast and waffle.  The New Center Eatery is significantly pricier than Heavenly Chicken and Waffles in Southfield ($10.50 at NCE, $7.25 at HCW), but that's the last thing you'll be thinking of when the warm savory/sweet scent of the cooking envelopes you. You order at the counter, receive a number, and pick out a table (if dining in).  Why do I love this so much?  Answer: none of the froufrou bullshit interaction with waitstaff, they just bring you drinks and food and take care of miscellaneous requests, then leave you alone for your snarfling pleasure.The decor is comfortable, casual, and they were playing old school jazz and soul when we went.  There was a nice mix of families straight out of church and hungry slackers, so I didn't feel too slubbish for dragging myself in there with rumpled clothes and flipflops.The only reasons this place didn't get 5 stars:-price-crap coffeeSlice up your chicken breast strips into little bites and pair it with a forkfull of syrup & butter topped waffle- it's life changing.  Also, be prepared to eat to the bursting point: you'll have leftover chicken after the waffle is gone, but it feels wrong to bag it for later.  Snarfle it down and waddle out a happier person.
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,3/25/2011,42,144,7,5,4>Absolutely fantastic for what you pay. Not as amazing as Hamido's, but still reeeeally good, and not as expensive as I'd expect out of a white tablecloth place like this. You know this place is legit since Arabic and English were spoken interchangeably, and /everyone/ there was Arab. Lots of cute babies. My mom and I decided to do mezzeh (like Arab tapas) and just order a bunch of things off the appetizers list. Little did we know that each appetizer would be a meal in itself! We got the mjaddarah, 'rice pilaf' (Arabic rice with noodles), fasooliah bizeit (green beans in an olive oil tomato sauce), mousakka (Greek but still v good), and my mom got the kubbeh niyeh (raw meat mixed with bulgar, spices and a side of veggies and mint leaves). Needless to say, we were totally overwhelmed. Everything was great, and they make their laban (yogurt) and mukhallal (pickles) themselves! When we failed to clean our plates, our waiter duly scolded us, and then packed it up for us...with two huge bags of extra bread, forks, knives, napkins, garlic dip, mukhallal, laban, and two tomatoes for us to cut up the next morning so we could eat the leftovers for breakfast. When we protested that it was too much, he looked at us like we were idiots and inquired as to how we heathens intended to eat our mjaddarah and fasooliah without laban and bread. We shut up after that.
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2010,3/24/2011,52,123,7,12,6>Glub, Glub, Yummy, Yummy... Lunch at the Fish Market offers a wealth of fresh catches lightly battered and deep fried. You get a 1/2 pound selection of whatever is in the cooler, plus fries, coleslaw and bread. Prices vary with Fish selection. I had the Red Snapper for $9.49. Cod was $8.49. Glub, Glub, Yummy, Yummy... Fish batter and fries are seasoned lightly with Old Bay. Your lunch bag includes a napkin, fork (no need for a knife with this tender fish), some seasoning, hot and tarter sauce and a quarter lemon slice. Bottled soft drinks are available in the cooler, or you can find something to drink next door at Alcomoa's Market. My Snapper was tender, tasty and just plain DELICIOUS! Note to potential Fishermen seeking sustenance. This is carryout only. They do not have a place to eat. But on a nice day, there is a single picnic table in the park next door. Or, you can find one of Dearborn's numerous city parts and devour your catch. My only complaint... I prefer Onion Rings over fries, but that's just not their way at the Fish Market. The quality and freshness of the fish makes that complaint moot. Heck, this full service fish market doesn't even smell like fish when you walk in.  Now that's a clue of freshness.Glub, Glub, Yummy, Yummy... *** Carryout Only ***
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,3/23/2011,223,265,3,8,7>Summary=======Inspired.  I'm excited to see this level of locally-sourced ingredients so deftly prepared and presented. Great menu allows you to order small dishes and "graze" or order a large plate.  Some "classic" dishes, some classic with the chef's twist, some new.Cool wine list with 50 very unique glass pours at a price range that you can try a few.  Friendly, casual _and_ professional service.Details=====Have had 3 truly great dinners in a row here.  I've been gun shy about raving about a place on Yelp after one visit only to have it go down hill.  Quattro seems to get better.  I've come to realize that most dishes here have MUCH more to offer than meets the eye; more even than listed on the menu.  I like that.  The truth is in the dish.  A great description is one thing - but how does it taste?  Quattro repeatedly delivers - understated - over achieved.For example, they have have a caprese salad on the menu.  "So what?" you might ask.  Well, ...the small tomatoes were "dry toasted in a hot pan" giving them a fantastic sweet toastiness that reminded me of a toasted marshmallow.The skins were just slightly browned but the inside was left uncooked and naturally sweet.  These Michigan tomatoes were combined with small balls of mozzarella, basil and a balsamic reduction that was sublime.  It's hard to compare this caprese salad with any other that just toss the ingredients out on a plate.  This is a whole different level of attention.Food---------Other dishes I've loved:  Beef carpaccio - perfect.   with arugula, a little truffle oil and just a touch of sea salt  Spinach salad with stuffed figs, port vinaigrette, pistachios and mushrooms - THIS is a MUST ORDER salad    "Shrimp Cocktail" with Dijon Creme Fraiche   OK, I would _never_ order a shrimp cocktail at a restaurant.  On my 3rd visit to Quattro I began to realize that nothing was   quite what it seemed - not just average.      This shrimp "cocktail" had perfectly cooked shrimp - just passed the point of translucent.  The creme fraiche turned out   (I asked) to have various citrus along with the dijon.  It was spectacular.  The shrimp are poached in something other than water   giving them a lovely translucent orange-yellow tint.  Veal Milanese - the most expertly fried veal I have ever had or seen.  It was breaded in crushed panko and unicorn dust.  Light - not a hint of oil and subtly sauced with great lemon reduction (see photo)....and more  The pastas have been spot on - the Harry's Style - garlic, olive oil, spinach and pine nuts was brilliant.   Again, the menu description does not do this justice.... and moreWine / Bar-------------Hands down the best glass pour list in the state. This is a wine-lover's list - a range of varietals, by small producers, priced to drink.Great regional wines like you'd find traveling through different parts of Europe.   Again these are a lot like the food - understated and fantastic. Not many "big name" wines (thankfully) - but some _great_ ones along with really helpful staff who actually knowthe wines and are easy going about it.  Want a glass of "something red"?  No problem.  Want to know where the rare  gros manseng grape is grown?  No problem.Want the best glass of wine you've ever had for $6?  No problem.  Really need to spend $300 on a bottle - ask them for the reserve listwhich has bottles for under $40 as well.Service----------Friendly and professional.  They may wear black t-shirts, but this staff understands the profession/craft of waiting.  The service works well as a team on all fronts including the bussers.  They just get it.  Other restaurants should send their staff here for training.During our last visit, one of our party had some really stringent dietary considerations.  The waitstaff took note, said no problem and went to the kitchen.  They prepped an amazing dinner for her that was truly special, met her restrictions and was great. Atmosphere----------------I was never at the previous incarnation (linen table cloths, etc.) but there are clearly some vestiges of it - and it's nice.The marble in the entry and bar is nice.  They still have some semi-circle shaped banquettes but it's got a nice modern(shiny glass windows, handblown glass light fixtures) vibe.  It's quite comfortable - I've felt entirely comfortable in jeans.It's just hip enough to impress a date on the weekend!When I asked the waiter about something, the chef came out to explain it.  He then also sent out a little dish of grilled fresh-picked Michigan peachesand mascarpone - just because we were interested in where the food came from.----------Overall, it's clear that Quattro really cares about what they're doing at all levelsand it shows in their food (and service and wine .....)
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2011,3/22/2011,60,247,5,18,10>As a young man, my mother would often drag me to resale and second-hand shops of many kinds.  I was a little embarrassed at first, wondering why we couldn't just get something new.  After a while, though, I began to appreciate the uniqueness and craftsmanship old things.Fred's reminds me very much of the places my mother took me.  Stuff is strewn about and piled on top of other stuff.  Yes, there are hotel liquidation items (including a little desk I bought today).  However, I saw many quality items that I'd be happy to have had I the room and the need. Fred himself is a nice fellow and his employees are very helpful.  They saved us a $35 delivery fee by tying the desk I bought to the roof of my car. No, this is not a Royal Oak vintage shop or a true antique store.  Given a choice between here and particle-board-R-us or assemble it yourself, though, I'll take here every time.
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2010,3/21/2011,73,199,12,5,5>If you like the sounds of bad karaoke, and the smells of stale beer and menthol ciggarettes, the Wagon Wheel is for  you.This neighborhood dive bar is one of my favorite places to get a bottle of beer because the price is right and the scenery is hilarious. The crowd is a bit trashy but they are young and old.One time, I witnessed a fight here. One guy broke a bottle over another guy's head. It was just like Roadhouse, without Patrick Swayze's rock-hard abs. And no fat bouncers.I recommend this place to anyone in the Northville/Novi area whom doesn't mind smelling like a chimney.
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,3/20/2011,200,255,7,7,7>This was my second stop of my inaugural taco truck crawl, El Paisa being the first (yelp.com/biz/el-paisa-ta).Janelle's taco truck guide had advised to get the same kind of meat at every truck so that you could better compare the trucks, and I'd meant to do that but then ended up trying the al pastor and carne asada at the first spot.  Since the asada was a little tough there, I decided to try to return to the original plan and got two al pastor tacos here.I was surprised to see that these tacos ($1.00) were much smaller than the ones at El Paisa (although those were 25 cents more...).  They had a tasty-looking salsa, chopped onions, and cilantro on them, and sliced radishes and a lime wedge on the side.  My dining companions and I went to sit under the awning, but there weren't enough chairs.  So we walked over to the adjacent playground and sat at one of the picnic tables there.  Very pleasant :)Umm... that tasty-looking salsa was indeed very tasty and much more flavorful than El Paisa's.  Kinda spicy too!  But not that spicy.  (And I'm kind of a hot and spicy wimp.  For example, I love Sriracha but can only handle so much of it.  Dishes end up looking like they are afflicted with Sriracha-colored chicken pox-like bumps.)These small tacos did not contain very much meat or cilantro.  I could easily eat 6-8 in one sitting, compared to 3-4 El Paisa tacos.  But I can justify the cost of these miniature tacos because the salsa was just that good.  In fact, the salsa made Los Dos Amigos my favorite of the three trucks we tried (El Pariente being the third: yelp.com/biz/el-pariente), although all of them were very tasty.Los Dos Amigos is kind of out of the way, in the middle of a neighborhood, but it also makes for a fun little drive in which I maneuvered around some insane potholes.
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,3/19/2011,192,175,10,16,11>My relationship with formal exercise has always been rocky at best--I can see us happy together in my head but in actuality we just don't talk when we're together. It's such a shame because I have our China pattern already chosen. . . oh, well. Enter Serendipity Yoga, albeit via Groupon, but there's something bubbling between us that may lead to a more serious commitment.In September Groupon offered a deal for $25.00 for an unlimited month of Yoga. I really had never done yoga prior but thought at this price, what's twenty five dollars if I hate it?  Plus, I was able to buy a fun, orange yoga mat.Serendipity is located right on 9 Mile in the same stretch as Go! Comedy,  Zumba place and what appears to be a pole dancing studio? Serendipity has one yoga studio that is actually quite large. The décor is contemporary and elegant; crystal sconces enhance the walls and a smokey sheer curtain blocks the hustle and bustle of life on 9 Mile. There is a shower available for yogis on the go and changing rooms as well. Cubbies are also provided for personal affairs.Classes are offered in the morning, and evening, plus weekends with most being Vinyasa but also including Yin and Ashtanga. With the Groupon, and I think this is typically  available, they offer a free first week. Also, they have a promotion for $99.00 for sixty days unlimited. Drop in classes, I believe are $16.00 or $17.00. Other packages are available and details are on their website. As a newcomer to Yoga I was first startled by how hard it actually was and is. I was also amazed at how great I felt after my first class. Perhaps being way up earlier before I would ever normally arise played into this feeling, but I'd like to think the exercise of the physical and mental also did too. I swear, I feel so much more energized about my day if I go to the early morning class! Since my first 5 weeks are now over I have signed up for the two months for $99.00, hoping to stay motivated through the Holiday season. I think that attending class actually in itself is a going to be a huge motivator--I think it I were to try to do this from video I would so be doing things wrong. There's something amazing about when a teacher walks over, adjusts something, and all of a sudden a world of sensation is awoken. The teachers at Serendipity all have their own unique style. I think it's wonderful to have the variety. I mean, sometimes you just want to rock downward facing dog to Eminem and Prince and the Revolution--I know I do. The teachers are also willing to work with you on anything you're having trouble with. Today at class I did my first headstand! Yes, it was against a wall, but hell, I was amazed it actually happened! The fellow students have also been really great. Sure, it's not like you're holding conversations while you're balancing in tree position, but everyone that I have talked to at class has been very friendly and polite. There is a wide range of age and ability and classes are usually pretty balanced gender wise. If you're considering trying yoga, I would gladly suggest Serendipity. There is ample metered street parking plus the there's a lot across the street. If you don't have your own mat, they have ones to borrow.
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,3/18/2011,1388,1056,18,34,27>Happy hour has never felt quite so fabulous...I had my second 90 minute hot stone massage with Christin last night. They are 25% off Tuesdays and Thursdays as part of their Happy Hour promotion and it is a MUST try! Such a bargain and so completely healing and relaxing. An utter treat.I am convinced Christin has the hands of an angel. Somehow she manages to get rid of problem areas I tell her of as well as places I did not even realize were problematic until she makes the problem disappear. My neck and shoulders are always tight and achy but she takes all that away. Surprisingly though, I did not even realize that one side of my lower back was bothering me until after she had treated it and I got a feeling of deep relief.I love that she takes the time to chat before the massage and see just what is bothering you so she can take care of it. Afterwards she even showed me some stretches to prevent the problems as well. This doesn't seem to come off your actual massage time as I got my full 90 minutes on the table, rather than 75 or 80 as I know can happen elsewhere.Christin is really great about chat level during the massage itself. She will chatter with you when you need it but can go so quiet when you are in relaxed bliss. I like this as I generally switch gears on that pretty frequently. She is just great about following your cues.The bonus of the hot stone massage in particular is it makes a deeper tissue massage more comfortable for a sensitive girl like me. It allows the muscles to warm, relaxing easier and helping circulation. It also feels amazing and soothing really. I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking to get true healing without the ouch that can sometimes come with a deep tissue massage. I felt like a puddle of jello after my massage and I feel 15 years younger today.I also want to know what kind of massage oil they use as my skin is absolutely baby soft today. I know I also am able to dress afterwards without feeling like a gross oil slick because it absorbs really well. I have such sensitive skin and it never causes a bit of issue for me either, which I have experienced elsewhere.The best part of Balance is it is so comfortable. I really feel welcomed and at home there. Josie and Christin are both so super sweet and ask about what is going on in your life, you feel really nurtured and cared for. Oddly they are an equally good fit for my polar opposite, my non chatty and shy type husband. He also feels more comfortable there than anywhere else we have gone as well.I have long been a salon, spa and massage hopper but I am not a massage hopper any more. Balance is definitely my home.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2010,3/17/2011,49,753,6,7,7>I have wanted  to stop in here for quite a while, so tonight was the night !and  I am not willy-nilly with my 5 Stars, but there was not one thing wrong with our meal, our service , or the building. Multiple people have commented on the friendliness of the staff &  Customers [ Amazing would be an understatement ]Aaron our server , greeted us at our table as he saw us walking towards it, took our drink order & made some menu suggestions.and even sat & chatted with us for a bit.Aaron , frequently checked on us & went above & beyond with chit chat & service.My Wife loved the Cove Burger & the Onion Ring Frillies she gave her meal a Solid B +I Ordered the perfect Margarita & yes it lives up to its name & exceeds any that I have had here or in Mexico A+For my Entree I Ordered the 8 ounce Prime Rib  A +[ Fri & Sat Only } with Loaded Potato Soup A+ & Cole Slaw A+The  table  next to us struck up a conversation with us about the BIG Chill Hockey game, and when they left a mom & Daughter came in and without missing a beat , Kathy started chatting and inquiring about "how good is that Margarita?"{ I do not recall ever chatting with another table , let alone two in one evening, this Place was CHEERS on Steroids}The Owners Marie & Bill both stopped by, Marie to check on things & Bill  delivered the HOT food from the kitchen.And a super friendly Bartender named RON, stopped by 2-3 times as well..to check on us.Once again validating MOM & POP places over chains...Also it is very well lit & quite nice inside! As we left, we were smiling & reflecting and said... "where were we?"as it felt we were in a local restaurant up north or down south, where everyone knew everyone else
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2010,3/16/2011,18,51,10,6,10>I would actually like to give them an extra star for helping me figure out a lifelong wonder....What WOULD my last meal on earth be? A Cowboy Skillet from Bomber, no question!  Also have you ever seen that show "The Best Thing I Ever Ate"?  Well, needless to say also...a Cowboy Skillet.  However I think I will get it without the bacon next time, as I'm the one ususally picking the actual meat off bacon vs. eating the fat.  Had I tried that with this meal, it would have been a mess and a waste of all that wonderful cloggery of country gravy. The country gravy is simply the best I've EVER had and I usually only order Biscuits and Gravy when we eat at breakfrast places.  Well now I can add Bomber Restaurant to the top of the list and also to the list of "Reaons Why I Could Never be on Biggest Loser"  Well that and I don't want to get yelled at :)  Sorry off topic but basically, If you're looking for a great breakfast, hangover cure, or just a heart attack, go to the Bomber!!
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,3/15/2011,26,54,15,18,7>Living 15 miles away from Cantoro's I confess I hadn't heard of them until I started working in Livonia. Then, that's ALL I heard about. People would find out I was Italian, they would ask me if I shopped at Cantoro's, then they would launch into paeans of praise for the place that were so extreme I started to think they must be exaggerating.They weren't. Probably all I need to tell you is that on my first visit there I noticed that customers and employees were speaking Italian, and that everyone looked like my relatives. My uncle Settimio was managing the deli counter. My cousin Giuseppina was at the cash register behind the tiled counter that she had to put a copy of Italian Tribune from the nearby stack down on so people could sign their credit card receipts. When I asked for a pound of hot (spicy) capicola, the cousin Mario lookalike at the meat counter asked if I wanted the baked or the boiled. Huh? How come I didn't know there were two kinds of hot capicola, I asked. He informed me that they had been carrying the baked only for a couple of weeks, but that he personally wouldn't eat anything else. It starts off sweet, he said, but then the heat builds. Would I like to sample a slice of each type, he asked. I would. A minute later he placed a little tray in front of me with two slices of the baked and four smaller slices of the boiled artfully arranged. I tasted each, and agreed with him that the baked was the best capicola I had ever tasted, all the while thinking to myself that this is how life should always be.Good wine selection, excellent cheeses, sophisticated olive bar if that's possible, all kinds of imported groceries, legendary breads and pastries. The parking is limited, especially around the holidays when it actually causes backups on Middlebelt. I consider this a plus - nothing this good should be easy to get. You should have to suffer a little in parking purgatory before you're admitted to Italian food heaven.
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,3/14/2011,72,111,5,8,7>They don't use butter.I have eaten a lot of italian food in my life. Both throughout the US and in Europe. And I have never had anything in the US that compares to a great Italian Restaurant like Bacco's.   It's a small place, but it's usually packed. I usually have tremendous service. Not just because they are attentive, or overly great at making sure you have ample amounts of good bread, but because they remember you. Even though I mostly get carry outs and don't dine in too much - I always get a hug from Agata.  They have really nice outdoor seating as well. Which is always a nice relief after a day in the office looking out of tinted windows.  My favorites (in no particular order): APPETIZER: Prosciutto d' Anatra (Duck Prosciutto)SALADS: Insalata all' Italiana, Insalata di Carciofi (great presentation too)PASTAS: Pappardelle ai Funghi, Penne all' ArrabbiataSECONDI: I don't remember the name - it's on the special. It's a full fish prepared with a huge selection of sauce. I go with the classic olive oil and lemon. It's delectable.The wine selection is unsurprisingly pretty great. And reasonable on most accounts! What really surprised me though was the fantastic selection of Whiskey. Lastly - they will spilt anything for you. It's a huge plus because you can try more courses and feel like you have something of your own.  Plus, the presentation is still perfect.Well done.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2010,3/13/2011,68,67,3,3,3>The establishment has a relatively small storefront, which can be can be easily missed if it's still light out since the lettering of their sign is light blue, making it hard to see from a distance.There was a slew of people there--wives sitting in the circle of easy chairs beside a flat screen TV, husbands sitting and standing around the outside seating area, children sitting at the tables, consuming their treats, and a family or two in front of the handsome display case, tasting samples before putting in their final orders.We'd somehow arrived in a window of little activity, so we were able to taste a majority of the flavors. The dude behind the counter had a great attitude and was really patient with us. After my boyfriend and I each had a small bundle of colorful, plastic paddles in our hands (They have a container on the display case to collect used gelato paddles, which they then recycle), we had finally decided what we wanted, made the final order, sat down and dug in. The gelato we had chosen was rich, flavorful and delicious. My favorites from our cup of five flavors were the chocolate sea salt caramel,  stracciatella and fondente. The small paddles really aided in keeping the amount I shoved in my mouth to a minimum as anything larger would have been a flavor overload.I think the pricing at this establishment is fair in comparison with other ice cream chains, i.e. Coldstone creamery, Oberweis, Haagen-Dazs. They give a 20%off discount for Crittenton employees, which is really nice, so make sure to have your badge with you.Overall, my love and I were very happy with the gelato we'd tasted and consumed. I'm sure we'll be back, not only for the gelato, but for their other offerings that we basically ignored because we had been entranced by their massive display case of gelato flavors. Only, I think we'll be walking there to avoid an increase in our waistlines.
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,3/12/2011,40,63,5,4,3>Being a girl, but definitely NOT girl sized, I opted for the 6". It was pretty darn big, even for my massive appetite. Next time, I'll get the girl size. ;)The sub was similar to what I make at home. The bread was good and the meat was plentiful. Could have used more veggies and dressing, both mine and hubby's were on the dry side.The guy was funny and pleasant...it was our first visit and after reading some of the reviews, we didn't know what to expect. He was great!We'll definitely give it another try. Next time, we'll know how to order.
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2010,3/11/2011,79,74,2,5,2>I must say that I was very suprised with Miki. I didn't really have high expectations of it, but it really impressed me. First impressions are everything, and Miki did a great job not only with its first impression, but also throughout the whole meal. When we first walked in we were greated by an very very very happy Asian man who directed us to our seats. He had such a huge smile on his face, and spoke in a voice similar to what you would sound like if you won the lottery, that my SO and I couldn't help but look at each other and laugh. I found it rather entertaining and charming opposed to annoying. They have booths and tables, but we were seated in a booth, which was in a circular shape, and was quite nice for our date; it would also be nice for a small group of friends. We were greeted by our server with hot towls, a very nice touch which you don't see often, at least in AA. Our server was very nice and bubbly and prompt, which, even with my high expectations of service, made it even that much better of a dining experience. The sushi was pretty good also. Although I've gotten larger portions from other places for the money, the sushi was quite tasty. I can't remember exactly what we ordered, which isn't a slam on the fantasticness (yes I just made that up) of the meal, rather a slam on my horrible memory. I do remember though that everything from the soup and salad, to our app, to our sushi, left me smiling and holding my belly when I left.Overall, I will def head back to Miki, and if you haven't been, its definitely worth a try!
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,3/10/2011,214,174,,4,2>i was anxious to try reggies and was certainly glad i did.i ordered the meatloaf and it was amazing.  loved it!  also tried the perch and it was delicious.i was not impressed with the sides - they were okay, not great.  mashed potatoes were super creamy and not a ton of taste.  mac and cheese was bland and overcooked, and i prefer my collard greens to be more vinegar-y BUT that being said - i still loved the place.  reggie was on hand and could not have been a more welcoming host.  the location was easy to get to, plenty of street parking and service was fairly quick.it would be ideal to take a group, as you order and pay at the counter and they bring you your food.  no hassels with dividing the bill, and there is certainly something for everyone's taste. they also have good lunh specials.note - they are not open late.try it, i think you'll like it.UNCONFIRMED, BUT WORD ON THE STREET IS THAT REGGIE'S IS CLOSED.  And I cant get an answer on the phone.
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2010,3/9/2011,11,60,7,7,4>Summary: Slightly spendy, but worth the money.  I've been a few times now and if I could afford it I'd be a regular customer.Warning: The Grumpy Moose is reviewing today.One thing about sushi is that you rarely find "cheap" and "excellent" in the same sentence.   You really shouldn't, either.  The fish for sushi should be carefully inspected and pieces not fit to be eaten raw removed.  This is time consuming and takes training.  Once upon a time I heard of the manager of a top-end sushi house moaning about his senior chef, "He throws away more fish than he uses."  Good, then I know I'm going to get the best of the fish.Another thing about O'Sushi is that you do not get soup & salad "for free" just for ordering fish.  I am always amused at the reviews where people complain about this, as if there's some rule written in stone that you have to get things "for free" (Because Those Other Places Do It).  It goes with my amusement of people who whine because things are made "wrong", where the "wrong" way is, itself, wrong. (Like someone elsewhere who complained of a California roll being made "wrong" because it wasn't made with crab salad.  Yech.)The edamame is consistently solid. It's not overly salty, and the pods aren't mushy, two sins that drive me (further) insane.   The seaweed salad is nothing special but still tasty.  Wakame seaweed is good for you, it's full of B vitamins and omega-3 fatty acid.  Spend the money for this sweet and healthy yumminess, it's better than the plain salad.Prices for nigiri here are per piece and most of the prices seem to range around $2.50-$2.75.  That can rack up quickly.  But the fish is incredibly fresh.  The scallop was incredibly tender and sweet, as was the octopus.  The red snapper and yellowtail were full of flavor.  As with any good sushi shop the pieces were firmly put together and there was just the right amount of wasabi on the rice, removing the need to make that soup of wasabi + shoyu Americans love to soak their fish in.  A teeny amount of shoyu touched on the end of the fish brought the flavors out beautifully.The pieces are large, which I've often found is a sign that they're making up for using crap fish.  Not in this case: one piece has enough fish for other quality places to use for two.  So perhaps the prices aren't so bad after all.They have the usual pile of 'specialty rolls', including a picture menu to show some of them off..  Many of them contain cream cheese, which i personally feel is like putting cheese in Udon soup.  While I know 99% of these rolls are as authentic as a cheeseburger, I am still a sucker for rolls made with shrimp tempura.  A "devil roll" was enormous, and coated with a spicy sauce that was delicious.  Some kind of lobster something-or-other roll was far more bland than I had hoped, but a simple salmon roll was tasty.The service is pleasant and friendly without being overbearing. The place is not very huge, maybe 15 tables?  My hot green tea was kept topped up, things arrived with promptness, and I was incredibly happy.Now someone make this damned snow go away so I can go back there and get more excellent sushi.
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,3/8/2011,41,64,5,13,8>This place holds up as my favorite Thai restaurant in Michigan...and I've ate a lot of Michigan Thai. Now, let's call a spade a spade.  This is a hole in the wall.  It's small.  The walls are covered in light wood paneling circa 1979.   The are way too many potted plants for a place where food is consumed.  But let's face it, you are not here for ambiance.  That being said, I like eating in the dining room.  It is not unusual for the owner to come out from the kitchen and engage in conversations with the guests.  She is really nice.  I've heard her offer to make people things that are not on the menu.Everything that I have ever had off the menu is amazing.  Some of my favorites:*Pad Thai- This Pad Thai is truly different from other Pad Thai.  It is so perfectly balanced and complex.*Tom Yum Soup- Again, you can get Tom Yum anywhere, but this is different.  It is a spicy cauldron of delicious broth with lots of fresh cilantro, tomatoes, mushrooms, and green onions.  It is so good.*Tod Mun- Spicy miniature hockey pucks made of fish but somehow tasting nothing like fish or hockey pucks.*Pad Woon Sen- Clear rice vermicelli  with bean sprouts in a peppery oyster sauce served with rice.  I am getting hungry just writing about it, thankfully tomorrow is Thai Take-out and TV Thursday:)As a side note there is another very highly rated Thai restaurant in Troy called Thai Taste.  I haven't quite figured out what is going on, but Thai Taste and Thai Cafe are very similar.  In fact, their menus are virtually identical save for a few additional dishes in Thai Cafe's menu.  The menu format is the same- same graphic, same order, hell, even the hours are the same.  I found the food at Thai Taste to be of similar quality, but slightly different in preparation.  I still liked Thai Cafe better but I think that if you like Thai Taste, you will like this place.
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2010,3/7/2011,38,113,4,7,5>I have always been a bit of a rebel when it comes to shopping for gifts. I don't particularly like gift registry lists because I want to go shop without rules.  I want to be inspired by something unique.  I want to spend money on it, and I often can justify paying more for a gift for someone else than spending it on myself - I know crazy right? Over the years, and numerous weddings I've attended, I have submitted to the list shopping more and more.  However, when it comes to bridal showers and baby showers I still want the quirky and unusual. This is where Catching Fireflies comes in.  I only recently found this place and I am in love with it.  Ben M. is totally correct in thinking he will be there longer if he brings a female with him.  I look at look in this place and it seems there is always something else to see.  The place is sectioned off nicely and you will find yourself meandering through the different areas almost with out knowing it.  I love the way they have things displayed, some traditional ways (areas for cards on display, and some not so traditional ways (chairs, lockers, a sink, etc.).  While some of the gifts are pricey, I think there is a large variety of items in various price ranges.  Last time I was there I got a little jewelry holder for nine bucks and I love it! Also, I think some of the work is commissioned for local artists (tiles, signs, etc.) Unique and fun, this place is the perfect place to look for gifts for the girl that has it all.  You are bound to find something that will work well  for you hard to buy for friends.  Ryan L. said it best, there isn't much at this store that you need, but a ton of stuff that you will want. :)
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,3/6/2011,44,163,4,6,7>Went this past weekend, and what a treat! I had the Shoyu Pork Ramen, my husband ordered the spicy beef stirfry dish, and an appetizer of gyoza.The portions were quite large, served in oversized attractive pottery bowls to hold in the heat. The broth for my Ramen was savory and had a hint of earthiness which I attribute to using a small amount of liver or chitterlings in the stock recipe - was very tasty. Came with a goodly portion of Ramen - a bit stronger-tasting that other noodle-shops, but had good body and color. Came with sliced green onion, seaweed, and a few slices of roasted fatty-pork. Just what I was in the mood for!Gyoza were crisp on the outside, with a nice pork filling with bits of crunchy waterchestnut and chives. Mmmmm.My husband loved his spicy beef dish - beef strips stirfried with Kimchee, onions, and bean sprouts. We both had enough food for a whole other meal the next day.Prices were $3-4 cheaper than we're used to paying in Ann Arbor, which was nice.The restaurant is very diner-ish - simple tables, decorated with license plates. Service was very friendly and homelike. We'll be visiting again :O)
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,3/4/2011,43,277,8,17,9>BANG....BANG...BANG!!!!Yes you should be scared now or try to be my best friend.  :)I'm reviewing the CCW class which is offered just about any day but I highly suggested calling before and reserve a spot; the class get FULL pretty quickly.  (Arrive at least 15 to 30mins early)  The class is 8hrs longs which includes lunch, 50 question test, shooting practice (ask for 9MM which you get 100 bullets), and great instructor.  If you register with the class, then you would only have to purchase the bullets and renting of gun, ear plugs, and glass protect is included. The class was ran by instructor JP Porcalla who is an NRA certified instructor, Range Safety Officer, and also with the International Association of Law-Enforcement Firearm instructor member by "Focus 1st Firearm Training".The CCW/CPL class teaches you:***basic to advance pistol training***reloading***Beginners weapons tacticsContact info: 248-794-3611 / email: focus1st@yahoo.comJust in case you have question regarding the training times.ADVANCE TRAINING IS ALSO AVAILABLE....Don't be afraid because you never shot a gun before or even handle one -- there were a ton of people in the class standing in your same shoes.  Some people were taking the class to protect the household and some others experience terrible situation which result in them wanting to protect themselves.The staff is welling to help you and help on your stand -- their greatest service there is make sure that no one gets hurt in the process and using the correct gear.TAP -- RACK -- BANG!
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2010,3/3/2011,60,311,,6,5>It seems not a week goes by where I don't find myself hopping over to Shangri-la in Midtown for either a bite to nosh on or a cocktail.. Situated on Cass Ave just down from Wayne State University, this dim sum joint offers a menu of wide variety from sushi to noodle dishes to soups.The food has always been consistent and flavorful whenever I've eaten here which is nice. Also, the staff is always friendly and helpful. As a vegan, they are great with making sure I have a dish that makes me happy-adding or omitting ingredients as needed. I'm a die hard fan of the rice vermicelli with tofu. The curry gives a nice balance of sweet and hot, and the vegetable are cooked to maintain a bit of a crunch to them. It's always frustrating when veggies are cooked to mush and are left without any kind of flavor. Not at Shangri-La. In addition, the seaweed salad and miso soup are a must try.The also offer a great selection of sake, Asian, beers, and liquors. They always have drink specials and bartenders that are willing to school ya if you're not an expert at sakes. They never try to upsell and are dedicated to giving great customer service. Also, there's a small patio area to lounge on in the warmer months. In 2010, this place was awarded Best Chinese restaurant in Wayne County by Metro Times readers, come see why.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,3/2/2011,398,356,7,10,7>Finally, after countless recommendations I drove the long 4 miles from my house and stopped into Ernie's Market. I'm going to keep this simple to the point. -Yes, Ernie is an amazingly sweet, cheerful fellow who calls you baby & gives you Hershey kisses (and draws a heart on your sandwich wax paper). -NO, the sandwiches are not 'too big to enjoy' (in reply to a bad review). I split a $5 with someone and it was fantastic (not 'gobs of mayo' & I didn't get any 'ham grisle')-YES, you HAVE to grab some Better Made chips+ Faygo pop to complete it Ernies was a positive experience for me from the moment I walked in to the last bite and there's no doubt that I'll be back there on my next day-off to grab a sandwich for lunch. AND- you can call them to place pick-up orders!
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,3/1/2011,110,138,,23,8>It was a pleasure to visit this brand new store during their "soft-opening"!  It took place during the Northville Victorian Festival, which kicked off the same night, so the place was packed!!  They have a wonderful mix of new and vintage items.  I would describe this store as part clothing boutique, with fantastic clothes -- part carefully selected re-sale clothing (I scored a pair of Hudson jeans for $50!) -- part vintage, with some funky modern furniture -- part antique knick-knackery -- and  many "re-purposed" items that were way cool.  Their prices range from reasonable to expensive. There is something to fit everyone's budget.  The owner of the place was telling me that they are going to be featured on HGTV soon and that they are still in the process of filming.  I am happy to see them get national exposure.  How great is that!  They are a fantastic asset to downtown Northville and I hope they stick around for a long time!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,2/28/2011,39,71,2,10,4>What an amazing place. I booked reservations here for a Monday night to celebrate a quiet 30th birthday dinner for my boyfriend.We were seated immediately in a quiet corner of the restaurant, our waitress was great, and the food was spectacular. I also have to say that their drink menu was extraordinary -- apparently they have a great cocktail crew. I ordered the Raspeberry Mousse Cake cocktail and was in heaven for the 10 minutes it took me to drink it (I'm a lush).We ordered the crab cake appetizer, which was all crab with a nice wasabi dressing, split a frisee salad, and both ordered the kona crusted strip steak. The meal was mouth watering from beginning to end. We also split a bottle of wine. They were actually out of two of the wines that we wanted to try, so we went with the Joel Gott cabernet which was still a great choice.On top of the spectacular dining experience, Ben Stiller happened to be there with his film crew. Apparently 24 Grille really is the new celeb hangout, as another yelper mentioned. I didn't think the menu was that pricey -- a steak for $30 and bottles of wine for $30ish. Our bill was about $200 with tip, which was less than I expected, so I can't complain. I guess my only complaint was that the parking garage attached to the hotel was messed up, an elevator was out, so we had to walk up the steep drive to the second floor east elevator to get to our car on the 4th floor. You try walking up a steeeeep parking garage hill after a few cocktails, lots of food, a bottle of wine, and 4 inch heels.I'd definitely come back to 24 Grille, especially for a happy hour on their outdoor patio or to sit at their bar and order a salad and bottle of wine. Very fun and trendy place, with great food to make it 5 stars.
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2010,2/27/2011,45,283,6,11,5>As a girl with DIY aspirations, I have mixed feelings about most hardware stores.  On the one hand, I have no problem playing the "I'm a girl!" card to get help, as I'm generally clueless.  On the other hand, playing that card always makes me feel like I'm betraying my gender.  And when I go to the big box stores, I always end up playing that card.That's what's great about Stadium Hardware, see?  When I do know what I'm doing, I can stride purposefully in the direction of garden implements and get the things I need.  When I don't know exactly what I need - or have been sent by my husband to pick up five widgets that exactly match the widget he's sent with me - a Stadium employee is always readily on hand and happy to help me sort through the myriad bins to find just the right thing.And they always seem to have just the right thing - whether it's tomato cages or dual window fans or suspenders with rulers on them or any number of other, more obscure hardware-y things.I love Stadium Hardware.  And I can't wait until we buy a house so that we can go there ALL THE TIME.  Seriously.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2010,2/26/2011,36,61,4,9,4>So this is the place that makes me was I were a more colorful writer...I recently saw online that Marcano's South American take-out joint opened in the former BTB on Packard. Given that it is about 1 block from my house, I knew I had to try it (immediately). They are still in the process of moving in and getting things set up, so the place is slightly sparse. But I can tell they're working on making the place bright and homey.In any case, onto the food. The blackboard menu lists all the offerings they have: arepas, pastelitos, Venezuelan empanadas, Argentinian empanadas, and many other sides and snacks like chupe soup, coleslaw, and fried plantains. Hopefully they get a website soon so you can see everything they have to offer. I only tried the Venezuelan empanadas (1 chicken and 1 beef) and the coleslaw today. Everything was fantastic. The corn dough was light and crispy, the fillings hot and and seasoned well. The coleslaw was made with homemade(!) mayo and cilantro, which made for a great pairing with the empanadas. The food is not made until you order, so there is a little bit of a wait (but worth it). While we were waiting the owner offered us samples of their housemade papelon con limon, which is made with lemons and raw sugar cane.I cannot wait to try the rest of the menu. Everything is fresh and made with quality ingredients and the packaging is all biodegradable. Everything is less than $10, typically around $6-7.I am SO excited this place is open.  (take out only, may or may not be cash only for now - couldn't tell)
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,2/25/2011,139,856,2,4,3>I've been looking for a good Sunday brunch place for a long time, and I think this is it.The restaurant was booming around 11 this morning, full of families and hipsters.  It reminded me of the ambiance at Zola in Ann Arbor, or a Sunday in New York.  In real cities, there are many restaurants like this, and I wish there were more like it in Detroit.I had a crepe with goat cheese, spinach, peppers, and mushrooms.  It was pretty tasty, though I think the inside ought to have been cooked a little more.  Anyhow, it tasted good.  And there is a wide variety of teas, and the Earl Grey Lavender hit the spot.  Service was friendly, although  it was a bit slow (not a big deal on Sunday).I came on a whim on the way home from  work, and there were no tables except a huge 10 seater in the second room.  I sat down, read my Sunday NYT and some random people sat down at my table.  It was pretty funny, and typical of the mood of this place, which seems atypical for Detroit.  I can definitely see myself bypassing the craziness of the Ferndale brunch spots on Sundays to drive down Woodward for some more crepes!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,2/24/2011,182,168,3,9,5>I literally pigged out... or should i say hippo-ed out at Hippo's Hot Dogs. Nestled in the most unsuspecting place in Troy, next to Lebanese Grill, this place serves up an umpteen variety of dogs/brats: I never knew there could be so many combinations!I started off with a Chicago Avenue Polish Sausage, it was super delicious, but I think the sauerkraut AND pickle made it a little to sour for my taste. So for the next round, I opted for Polish Hippo, this was a little more traditional (minus the tomato), and the sports were awesome! With a side of Chili Cheese Fries and a Root Beer Float, oh baby it was a great meal!There's a new one that just opened up in Clinton Twp. but this is the original so it has a more old school detroit, hometown feel to it.  It's obviously a neighborhood favorite with the elderly couples that have probably been coming for years and the little league teams that come after games to chow down and celebrate victories!I can't wait to come back to this hot-dog joint!
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2010,2/23/2011,102,130,3,7,3>This is the place to go if you want to support your local businesses. The coffee here is always fresh and delicious. I love that they have only about 3 different varieties of coffee made. It makes it much easier to make a choice, and not stare at the menu all day. I usually enjoy a dark robust roast, and every time they have something that seems to enlighten my taste buds. The coffee shop offers tons of seating. On any given day you can find people sitting down enjoying each others company, playing games, doing business, or maybe some school work. The atmosphere is relaxed and low-key. If this place had a drive-up I am sure it would be hustling with business, because the coffee is that good. I haven't tried much of anything on the menu, you can get all those fancy drinks the other companies make, and I think there is even some food items to purchase. This is a must stop chill spot next time you are in Warren.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,2/22/2011,142,231,4,6,4>Ok, so reading the other reviews about the mass quantity of cougars at this place makes me completely laugh.  I haven't been to 220 enough to notice, but the next time I'm there, I'm totally scoping for it.I have been to 220 about 4 times and I've always ordered the same thing:  Spicy Italian Sausage Penne.   This particular dish is one of my all time favorites, and I have been known to wake up in the middle of the night with the cold sweats caused by withdrawals from it.    The tomato-cream sauce is the key to this dish and the chefs blend the perfect ratio of sauce/pasta/meat.  The italian sausage is spicy, but not too spicy that it takes away from the other flavors. The atmosphere of this restaurant seems kind of bland, as nothing stands out.  But it's very clean and tasteful inside.   I've also always had pretty good service.  Nothing completely fantastic, but the wait staff is always friendly and prompt.Anyone looking for a fairly priced dinner in B'Ham with good food and apparently a wide selection of cougars to choose from, 220 is a good choice.
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,2/21/2011,1357,534,6,11,7>I hadn't been here in years.  The last time I was here was in the evening, for a show, so popping in for brunch was a total change of scene. All of the specials looked great. I got to have a few bites of the hippie hash, and although it might be heresy, it may actually be better (ehh... still considering) than the hippie hash at the Fleetwood.   Part of the beauty of brunch is that it's:1) An excuse to drink early in the day. I didn't do this, but I'd try a bloody mary next time -- they looked good...2) Also a valid time to eat something rather dessert-ish early Perusing the special menu, the Cinnamon Bun french toast caught my eye. And, I believe that a day later, it's possible that I'm still recovering from a sugar coma. Cinnamon roll slices, made into french toast, and slathered in caramel sauce. Ummm... yeah, I'll take that!  If I had it again, I'd have the sauce served on the side, but that's not a complaint. Overall, the friendliness of the servers, lack of a line (even for a large party, they were relatively quick in putting 2 tables together), and spot-on specials pretty much guarantee that I'll be back to brunch again!
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,2/20/2011,48,139,2,6,3>So, I suppose that since I was craving this stuff last weekend--but was too lazy to actually go get it, it's time for long-overdue, quickie review.Yes, as other reviewers have written, the place does pizza like Italy does pizza.  I started off with a salumi plate which featured duck prosciutto, bressaola, and mortadella.  Sorry, I'm a sucker for cured and processed meat.  What can I say?  I quite enjoyed it, and I know I'll die a bit early for it.  Frankly, my dear, I don't give a damn.Okay, I made a bit of an error in my choice of pizza.  I chose to construct my own from the toppings.  I basically did a margherita and added some red onions and anchovies.  Mistake.  It was soggy.  The tomatoes dumped their water all over the rest of the pizza.  Maybe, I should have done something a bit different.  Despite the sogginess of my pizza, I quite enjoyed all the flavors.  Fish, onion, and tomato are flavors that take me back to childhood.  I tried a bit of my friend's Italian Tuna, which was what I was craving last weekend.  Lovely.  I quite enjoyed the onions, capers, and olives with the tuna.  It's a beautiful combination.  I had a nice berry sorbet to top it off.  I'll be back.  I just have to get off my duff and make my way out there.
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2011,2/19/2011,127,343,5,5,2>***WARNING WARNING tastebud overload***Ok, what more can be said? Well how about, I want to swim in Mudgies Roasted chicken, portobello and bacon soup and try to drink my way out. Holy mother of god this soup was good. After the soup my sammie which was out of this world as well was just to much to take. I'm going to pass out now.
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,2/18/2011,131,297,3,10,9>We moved to Royal Oak in October, and have been trying to find good pizza that is close and delivers. We tried Pizzalica, and it was just ok. The bread sticks were terrible, and it didn't live up to the hype of the Yelp reviews. I discovered that Green Lantern had a take out/delivery location near our house. I haven't had their pizza in years, but I remembered it was really good. We ordered it on Halloween, and loved it. It was loaded with cheese and toppings and cooked perfectly. Apparently when you move to a new area, you get lots of coupons from nearby businesses. (We didn't have this experience when we moved to Detroit.) We received a coupon from Green Lantern for 1 large pizza with up to 2 toppings. Awesome! I called during the last snow storm and asked if they would deliver a free pizza and he said "Absolutely!". I thought that was great customer service! The delivery guy was super nice and not freaked by my crazy dogs. Since my husband & I don't share the same last name, he got the same coupon. Last night, we ordered again during a snow storm. I still asked if they would deliver the free pizza. I admit, I felt bad because it was so bad out even though they're about 1-1/2 miles from us. The same driver arrived on time, and dog treats in hand! That was what we call in customer service a "WOW" moment. I know they have dog treats in some drive-thru windows, but I've never had a pizza delvery guy bring treats. We really like the pizza, both round and square. The Lantern bread is super cheesy and soft. I appreciate that they don't skimp on the pizza sauce on the side. It's not the best pizza we've ever had, but we love it and it always hits the spot. They aren't trying to create some unique pizza to stand out from the competition. Green Lantern sticks to what they know is good and satisfies that pizza craving. Their customer service has been amazing! We are solid fans of Green Lantern Pizzeria!
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2010,2/17/2011,171,85,1,11,10>Hybrid Moments arrived on the scene billed as a record store - and they do mean records. The real deal. Kiss mixed in with Belle and Sebastian next to a bin where you'll find Iggy and the Stooges and a mix of Halloween sound effects. Don't worry, it's alphabetized for easy browsing.But there's so much more. Vintage, handmade and altered clothing, concert posters, shoes and accessories, CDs, books, tapes, zines, and all things indie. On weekends the shop books bands to perform live and the crowd spills out onto the sidewalks along Woodward. It's a scene, lively and vibrant. Thanks Hybrid Moments for making Fabulous Ferndale that much more fabulous. Browse the bins and racks for an old 7 " favorite, a new 12" find, or something to wear Saturday night. You're bound to notice a lot of love for local Detroit bands here too.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,2/16/2011,22,44,4,7,4>We'd heard this place was good and the Yelp reviews confirmed the rumors. Thai Thai didn't disappoint. The restaurant has done well with a its nondescript strip mall location and tight quarters, making a charming little place with cute (IKEA-style, as Ty Ty noted) modern decor. The food was great. We tried a yellow pineapple curry special with tofu and Rad Nar with beef, just the right amount of spiciness. Plus Thai iced tea and iced coffee, both of which were perfect. Prices were reasonable and servings were substantial, if not excessive. I'm looking forward to heading back.In summary, Thai Thai = Yum Yum.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2010,2/15/2011,107,357,6,11,6>This is hands-down the best breakfast I've ever eaten. Ever. Seriously. Jacob and I have been about 5 times since we moved into Dearborn.The first time we went, we both ordered the French toast special. This menu mainstay includes two pieces of the most deliciously cooked French toast and two of each of the following (!!!): eggs, fresh bacon, seasoned sausage links and tender ham. This is such a HUGE breakfast for the reasonable price of $4.95. My favorite thing about this place? Not the crazy amount of food I get for basically nothing. Not even the fact that I think the French toast is infused with crack because I can't get enough of it... It's the consistency!Each time I've visited, I've ordered the exact same thing, and it's ALWAYS good. I've never had to send anything back, or complain to the waitress about something not being very good. That speaks volumes to me as a customer. Try this place... try their French toast special. It's simply amazing... I can't say anything better about the breakfast this restaurant serves. As an added bonus, the waitresses and cooks are very friendly and attentive. I just love this place!
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,2/14/2011,198,632,1,4,4>We checked it out for brunch today, plus I wanted to get the lay of the land if I bring the Momma back for dinner.  Reading the other yelps, I was expecting woodwork like what you find in the Whitney.  The interior of Cliff Bell's gradually grew on me, and in the end I was in love with the place.Yes, service is slower than molasses.  But with $10 bottomless mimosas and/or Bloody Marys, well, I didn't care about the wait after two drinks.  And they were out of liver and onions (which made me shudder even though I know it was their play on a foie gras title).  Damn!We sat in one of the mini curved booths on the stage floor.  Great for people watching and some snuggling.Started with the calamari and shrimp appetizer, served with aoili dipping sauce - loved.  Very seasoned, but we like salt so no complaints.  Ken had the french toast with a side of bacon (more to come on that).  I had the Benedict du Jour, which was prosciutto and bernaise sauce today.  Ken's dish came with fresh berries, and mine came with a side bowl of honeydew and pineapple with what I think was creme fraiche.  Nice portion size and good tasting all around.Ken's bacon.  Damn, it was good.  Crispy and chewy and glazed with some magic elixir of awesomeness.  Tasted like the best Easter ham.  Loved that bacon!  $4 for 4 thick slices.  Ken said he'd come back and order Bloody Marys and bacon only!  Speaking of Blood Marys, they make their own mix - so very complex flavors - horseradish, pickle juice, Wor sauce (our waiter named about a dozen ingredients but I'd already had 4 mimosas by then...).Our waiter did a very nice job answering all my questions re cover charge, parking, busy-ness on early Saturday evenings, the restaurant.com certificate, etc.  Plus he gave us a history lesson.  So cool we still have a place like this in Detroit!
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,2/13/2011,104,113,6,6,6>They sell legalized crack -- it's called the Ingrid.  I'm actually sitting here right now using their wireless internet (it's super fast btw) and stuffing my chubby cheeks with a strawberry, vanilla custard, and Chantilly cream crepe.This place is great. Super friendly staff.  I just spent the last 15 minutes trying to hook up to the internet because my computer was being difficult.  The staff went out of their way to try and disconnect and then reconnect the connection just to make sure I could get on and make sure it wasn't them.  How nice is that?  I tried explaining I have Windows Vista so odds are it's my computer that's failing out.I am now stuffing my face with their gelato.  I picked the chocolate because really in order to not like chocolate I'm pretty sure you have to be a terrorist. ;-)  Also really great.I'm so glad I found my new official local hang out!!!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,2/12/2011,139,103,1,6,4>Vinnies is an unassuming, but quality little sub shop along the major cross section of Michigan and I94.  I have literally driven by the multiple incarnations of this place but never was motivated to go.  Well, with the original owners back and firmly developing their food empire (Vinnies burger stand down the street.), I finally found an excuse to go.Well, I was pleasantly surprised by how bright and charming this place is.  The staff was nice enough, and walked you through their menu.  The cold subs are measured by layers and start with 5 slices of meat and 1 slice of cheese to the mammoth 20 something slices of meat and 5 slices of cheese, which I can't even imagine eating.  I found that the sub was pretty respectable, well priced, with a variety of decent quality salami, ham, pepperoni and provolone.  Nothing here was gourmet, or particularly authentic hard core italian, but satisfying none the less.  The sandwiches are topped with two different home made dressings which could be zested up with spices at the counter.  The 10 and 2 I had definetely stuffed me for 6 dollars.What was a surprise to me was one of their hot subs, the steak and cheese sandwich.  This is one of the closest things to a chicago italian beef I have had in a very  long time with juicy thin sliced beef soaking in it's own dark and rich au ju.  Granted, they don't have giardiniera, (I'm half tempted to bring my own...) and will only give you a side of ju to pour on top but it was delicious. Anyway, due to it's limited hours, this place is only accessible for lunch, but if you find yourself in this direction and hungry, it's definitely worth a bite.
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,2/11/2011,132,325,5,7,7>in my own adventures in homebrewing i came across this lovely little hamlet.i am not a beer master yet.  somewhere between novice and intermediate i would place myself.  self made recipes still frighten me.i was a little afraid during my first visit.  the stock seemed to be so disorganized to me.  i was frightened by the back room that had bulk grains and malt.  basically i was afraid of the knowledge that everyone seemed to posses except me. this place is set up for serious brewers.the employees eased my fright.  each was willing and able to help me in my quest to make good beer.  i felt like i was purchasing quality ingredients.  i tried my first top tier yeast.overall, i was happy with the experience and it made me want to try harder at my favorite hobby.  thank you adventures in homebrewing for pushing me past my comfort zone.why must you be in taylor so far from my house?  love, juston
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2011,2/10/2011,77,274,2,2,2>The menu at Pronto in many ways is akin to the Elvis Presley music library. There are certain things on it you may not be the biggest fan of, but there's enough depth to it where you're bound to find something you really, really like. At any given time, there are about 40 or so sandwiches, several salads, burgers along with a dozen regular items. I'm a big fan of the Cuban Sandwich and the Boneless Buffalo Chicken. The Mediterranean Salad is one of my favorite Chicken Greek salads in the Detroit metro area. There are other dishes on the menu worth noting, the patty melt, the chicken pot pie, Mar's Mess and so on, and others that are a little more disappointing. The quality of service can vary depending on who your server is and how busy things are. It's probably a three star restaurant. But grab a lemon bar as dessert on the way out and you'll want to up it one star.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,2/9/2011,70,153,5,7,6>Now THIS place is what I'm talkin' about!!!I knew I was going to love it when I was greeted by words like "cocktails" and "Lunches" in 1950's red neon on the side of the building.  Once inside, they do not disappoint.    The warmest rooms full of little strung lights, funky art, and hundreds of straw-covered wine bottles signed by patrons through the years await.  The waitresses are friendly, hard-working gals who aim to please.   They do not try to upsell or get your e-mail address, nor are they forced to march around clapping and singing contrived songs.Loui's crown jewel though is the pizza.  imagine clouds parting to reveal a square-shaped angel smothered in your favorite toppings floating from heaven on wings of cheese toward your hungry maw.  Open your eyes as your mouth fills with flavor to see bikers, families, and couples on dates.  Ahhh. Loui's!Weekend nights are a mob scene.  I prefer a bit more breathing room so I'm sticking to weeknights, but they've got the goods my friend.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2010,2/7/2011,40,168,2,13,7>I cannot say enough lovely things about Community Health Acupuncture, and of course, Darlene, but I will try :)Heard about them a few months back but after a rude conversation with one of their receptionists I was weary of following through with an appt.  Funny thing is, since I have been going there every single one of the receptionists have been nothing but nice.  I'm guessing someone was just having a bad day... or is no longer working there.  Moving on..Finally decided to give them a chance after repeatedly trying to quit smoking on my own.  It was going terribly, and I was starting to have some anxiety issues.  I've heard that acupuncture can help to alleviate anxiety and assist with smoking cessation, so I figured it was worth a shot.  Heck, I was at the end of my rope, and my sanity was slipping.  The center is in a small row of buildings on Livernois, btwn 8 and 9 Mile.  Very convenient!  They have street parking right in front and around the corner in the neighborhood behind them, but I have never had a problem finding a spot.  Upon your first visit there is a small stack of forms to fill out (health issues, what is bothering you, health waivers, info on their service, etc), and you will meet with one of the practitioners to discuss what is "ailing" you.  They will decide a treatment plan suitable for your needs.  Since my main concern was quitting smoking, Darlene had me come in every day for 3 days (it takes 72 hrs for nicotine to leave your system), and now I go in 2-3 times/wk for maintenance, and to help with my anxiety, etc.  So it is specific to YOU.  I wouldn't be able to afford this treatment if it weren't for their sliding scale.  Each visit is $15-35, depending on your income.  Cash or check only!!  They can afford offering such discounted rates due to it being "community style" (some private offices (ie: private room) charge upwards of $100/visit.  Yikes!After doing all of the paperwork and meeting with the practitioner you will go into the community room.  There are roughly 7-8 comfy recliners, dim lighting and soft music/white noise.  It is very quiet and relaxing.  There are baskets next to each recliner for you to put your socks, shoes, purse, etc.  The practitioner will then place all of the needles in you (very thin, hair like needles) and offer you a blanket.  Most people stay for 30-60 mins it seems, and I have found that the majority of people fall asleep.  When you're nice and relaxed and ready to go, just make eye contact w/ the practitioner and she will come over and take out all of the needles for you.I am so glad I decided to give acupuncture a shot.  I certainly could not have quit smoking so easily without it, I know it (I have tried and failed many times, and this time feels much more relaxed and hopeful!) And I'm thankful to have such an affordable resource so close by.. otherwise I never could have afforded doing this.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,2/6/2011,182,276,6,8,7>Along with Oakwood Baking in Detroit, New Delray produces a traditional Detroit style of hardcrust white bread, typically called Vienna bread. For many years, Vienna style bead and rolls have been the staple bread for most ethnic families in the Dearborn, Southwest Detroit, and Downriver areas. New Delray also has a few variants like Sub Buns, Greek style thick sliced, and a "Flower Bread" made up of 6 attached round rolls arranged in a flower pattern. The bread consists of a hard golden crust, with a light and airy center. My favorite ways to eat it are Salami sandwiches, Subs, and most of all lightly toasted with Calder Dairy butter. The downside to this style of bread is that it goes stale very quickly. Eat it fast! You can buy bread at the bakery, but the better way, according to the staff, is to buy it at Kroger Stores. The Kroger order gets hand delivered by them straight from the oven to the truck.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2010,2/5/2011,61,111,2,11,9>I've been living in Ferndale for almost 8 months now and I FINALLY visited Regeneration - what the heck was I waiting for???Honestly, I tend to steer clear of most vintage stores because I tend to walk the line between "large" and "plus" and most vintage clothing is "tiny" and "tinier."  I was VERY pleasantly surprised to see that Regeneration has an excellent variety of sizes, and that the 1X-3X racks were just as well stocked as the S-M-L racks.Sizes aside, they have a very nice variety of tops, bottoms, accessories and shoes (lots and lots of shoes) for both men and women.  The whole store is clean and bright, and the racks aren't over-stocked so you can actually get a good look at everything.  So many really crazy and flashy vintage items around somehow seem to raise the hipness level of the regular old sweaters and pants too, don't you think?  The prices are not as low as Goodwill, but the quality is higher so I'm quite okay with the prices.  Many of the items I looked at it still had the original tags and had never been worn.The staff is friendly and extremely helpful, and I like that they have a little bit of local wearable art in there with the vintage jewelry.  I'm a sucker for flea-market jewelry and now I'm going to have to build my entire wardrobe around this super cool chunky silver & turquoise owl necklace!  And it was only $10 - go team!  Their purses were really sweet too.  If I hadn't just gotten an amazingly gorgeous purse from Naka, I would have cleaned out their inventory.This is definitely going to become a regular stop on my shopping trips!
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2011,2/4/2011,28,52,5,9,8>Okay, Kids, there are a number of points we're going to cover today. But, first, let me review what I expect you to know so far:1) James, the chef, formerly was of Pi Thai's fame 2) Hot is HOTTTTTTT when you spar with him.3) James is now the chef at the newly opened Thai King.4) His skills, enthusiasm, and personality has a dedicated following in the area.So, the lesson for today is:1) The spring rolls (ordered accidentally) were delightful, flavorful nuggets2) My mild Pad Bai Kra Praow was hotter than the "hot" dishes at my previously favorite Thai place. The flavors were doing the Polka on my tongue.3) The boyfriend ordered the Spicy Noodle dish and the "hiccup" factor was in rare form. He ordered HOT and it kicked his ass. (He admits that hiccups are good.)4) Last, and not least, the Tom Yum was the BEST I've EVER had. Great balance of sour, spicy, sweet.5) According to James, 'hot' at Thai King is hotter than 'hot' was at Pi Thai so... beware. I would have to concur.6) The Tom Yum soup pushed this review from 4 (1/2) to 5 stars.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,2/3/2011,24,81,2,6,4>Due Venti is, hands down, one of the best restaurants I've ever been to in my short-but-well-traveled life. Yes, their wine list is by no means extensive, but the wines are good AND it's not necessary to have an unnecessarily extensive wine list to enjoy a good dinner (you might even say that having an overly extensive wine list is a cover-up for mediocrity, but here is neither the time nor place to discuss that idea). Every time I've been to this restaurant, I've had an incomparable experience. The first time was last fall, and the more recent times have been this winter, so the menu has been different, but delicious nonetheless.The fritelle, the cauliflower appetizer, I have had every time I've gone, and every time it has been superb. Breaded and fried, without the slightest trace of grease, and topped with a garlic aioli. Excellent. I had the eggplant my first time there, and I have to admit, it was basically just an eggplant lasagne. It was, though, the best eggplant lasagne I've ever had. I believe I had the cannoli for dessert my first time around, and that they were great as well.The most recent visit was on Valentine's Day, and I had pistachio-encrusted sea bass with accoutrements. The sea bass was perfectly cooked, and the mint and chickpea salad was great, but the pistachio flavor wasn't really all there...which was fine by me, considering the other extensive merits of the dish. The star of the evening, though, was the dessert. Pears, poached in port, with mascarpone gelato, topped with a black pepper/brown sugar sauce and gorgonzola whipped cream. I'm typically not a fan of such complex dishes, but this was simply divine.Due Venti is definitely a must-visit. No doubt about it.Due Venti is certainly small - fifteen tables, max, and reservations are often a good idea.
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2010,2/2/2011,151,160,4,9,6>You can't go wrong with shopping in here. This store is so spic and span it makes Mr. Clean cry. I also like listening to the tejano melodies playing overhead as I shop. My first stop to make is the gaucamole and salsa counters first thing in the door. These are both always fresh, tasty and donot last long once at home. Fresh produce always deserves a quick look. Then onto the dairy for shredded queso. Next stop the meat counter for fresh chorizo, marinated chicken breasts and  the kabobs. Oh but wait there's a takeout counter. Tamales like these by the dozen at $6.99 can't be beat. Rice, beans, burritos and more. They also have an outside seated patio area where you can have a quick snack before heading out.Don't forget to check out the aisles. I have found items that other places donot stock. Anywhere from canned goods to cookware. They have it all.
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2010,2/1/2011,267,274,5,8,7>Its official. Thai food restaurants are shaking in their boots. Why you ask? Because GOOD thai food has finally come to our area.Thats right Siam Spicy...you heard right. Be scared.I love thai food. I will admit I am not too exciting when it comes to my menu selection. Every so often I will get a curry or something random off the menu...but usually I am a pad see ewe girl. For the past year I have been driving 20 minutes each way (passing about 1000 average thai restaurants on the way) to get to Thai Taste to satisfy my thai cravings. Well...no more!I picked up carry out the other night (its hard to dine out with a newborn!) for dinner after reading several rave reviews. The husband and I both ordered up pad see ewe (I know...I told you we were boring...don't judge). His was chicken and mine was just straight up vegetable. Mine was chocked full of tons of delicous veggies (mushrooms, green beans, broccoli...etc). Onto the noodles. OH EM GEE. These noodles were perfect. Chewy, wide, delicious, perfect noodles. They were seasoned to perfection. I don't know what they do to make it so special but it was unlike any pad see ewe that I have tasted in the past. They also have a kids menu which I don't think I have EVER seen at a thai restaurant. It was a welcome thing to see especially with a 20 month old at home.I am so happy to have Tongue Thai'd so close to me. I am now a little nervous that I am going to want to eat it everyday! I can't wait to explore the menu a little more. I can only assume that all of it is top notch.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,1/31/2011,660,114,2,9,6>Of the new restaurants in the metro Detroit area, Toasted Oak has to be considered as one of the most exciting. Chef Steve Grostick is doing some incredibly interesting dishes that have a strong focus on locally raised and farmed foods.  The service here is tremendous.  Of course, every time I've been to Toasted Oak I've been lucky enough to have the same server. His name escapes me, but he is incredibly knowledgeable & offers suggestions without being pretentious.  It's the food that really shines here, though.  Stand out dishes: charcuterie & cheese plate - the meats and cheeses are great, but the accompaniments are awesome, too.  Bacon caramel, lavender honey, house pickled veggies - all sooooo good.  Especially the bacon caramel.Sourdough onion rings are substantial.  Thick outer crust that is perfectly crunchy and a sweet onion inside.  Green ketchup is served on the side - a nice change from regular old ketchup.Black angus skirt steak marinated in adobo is smoky, spicy, and balanced by the fresh chimichurri sauce served on top.  Frites served on the side are excellent.  Spicy broccoli rabe is a great change of pace for a side dish (not like you need more food).  Michigan beers on tap & more in bottles, Faygo (with cane sugar!) is available,  and the wine is sold at retail price in the front section of the store.  You pay considerably less for a bottle, bring it to the table, pay a small corking fee, and enjoy your bottle.Desserts are worthwhile, too.  The oatmeal skillet cookie with cinnamon ice cream is rich, buttery, and perfectly sweet.  Toasted Oak is good for a date night or for hanging out at the bar to watch a game.  The food is accessible, but delicious.  Definitely worth a trip to Novi.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,1/30/2011,376,267,3,9,8>I know I know, 5 stars is a big statement. Well so is the food at Cityscape Deli. I can't believe no one has written about this place yet. In fact, it makes me suspicious that people are purposely trying to keep it a secret it's THAT good! What really stands out is quality of the deli meats and the bread. I hear that they have great soup as well, but I haven't had room after their delicious deli sandwiches yet to try. One time I was there, Gordie Howe - retired hockey legend walked in and ordered a sandwich. Yep, someone clued him in. Well the cat's out of the bag!
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2011,1/29/2011,29,44,4,8,5>'Went here on NYE to enjoy a drink and Mittenfest music with my girlfriend and a few other friends. 'First time at the bar and our experience was very enjoyable (though the line out the door, not so much). We managed to get in pretty quickly--the line was due to the fact that the bar was, intelligently, actually enforcing its fire-code capacity limits. When I meandered up to the counter to get a beer, I witnessed some of the best bartending I have ever seen. The man in front of me, when it came his turn, issued an order something like this: "What? Um.... [long pause] I [another long pause accompanied by lolling rag-doll head, eyes looking around, wheels slowly turning, man trying hard to remember where he is] likesheataJayymizzon."Bartender Lady: Hey there buddy! How about a nice glass of water?She was not condescending when she said this; the man looked confused for a moment and replied, "Um.....Okay, yeah. Sure, that's fine?" and then stumbled with the utmost lack of coordination into a dark corner or out the door to puke somewhere (I suspect) while the bartender poured a cool drink of water (with ice) for her disappeared client. I thanked her for looking out for that guy, and for the rest of us, and ordered a Winter White ale (very good) and left a fat tip. She was really good. The Space:The space is nice and, well, spacious--exposed brick, with a kind of warehouse-cabin vibe (maybe this was due in part to all of the mitten decorations on the wall--called to mind a log cabin and snowball fights followed by hot chocolate by the fireplace). There're some arcade games immediately to the left when you enter, near the bathrooms, which were conspicuously wet (owing in part, no doubt, to the sobriety levels of the clientele on NYE). The bar is fairly long and they have some great beers on tap, including locals like the now-ubiquitous Bell's as well as some Arbor Brewing Company and Motor City products. Beers were $4-5 for a pint. Not cheap, but not out-of-the-ordinary either. The Scene:Was full of people wearing skinny jeans, flannel, baggy hats, too-big glasses, and other cliches of the already cliche hipster aesthetic. And while I don't usually enjoy being surrounded by such muchness, I didn't mind this time. The music was really good AND it was properly amplified, which is incredibly uncommon at any venue, especially a bar (major props to the sound crew!). I really really appreciated being able to hear the words of bands like Fontier Ruckus, whose sounds and lyrics were perhaps a bit down-tempo given the context, but also just good (period), regardless of context. As people filtered out after midnight, standing became more comfortable. I would've liked there to have been more seating, but suspect that there is under normal circumstances. If I were in Ypsi again, looking for a bar, I'd be happy to return to this one.
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2010,1/28/2011,58,63,3,15,10>Anyone who actually reads my reviews will already know that I don't like giving out 1 star reviews since I generally won't bother to review a place I think was a horrible experience.  I don't want to relive the nightmare, and I don't like to stomp on other people's opinion of something they love (see Ahan Thai review).Being a person who strongly believes in the yin-yang philosophy, or in the words of Mr. Miaggi, "the key is balance", I also don't like to give out 5 star ratings too often either.  To rate a 5 star, in my book, means that the overall dining experience was some kind of stellar confluence, angels singing, Olivia Munn has declared her undying love for me, event, because the food was that good.  I also think giving such high marks can often lead to such lofty expectations of said restaurant, that inevitably the restaurant will fail to live up to the hype for other people, leading to the often unduly severe backlash reviews.That said, I'm going to give Thai Taste my third 5 Star rating since there was some kind of stellar confluence, I heard angels singing, and Olivia Munn did decla...(D'oh, I guess that didn't happen)... you get the idea, because the food was that good.The 3 dishes that I ordered highlighted many of the different influences on Thai cuisine:1.  The Southern Thai noodles highlighted the Indonesian influence with the use of curry.2.  The Special Eggplant with Beef and Basil while retaining the Thai basil as it's primary flavor, showed the Chinese influence with the use of soy sauce and fermented black beans.3.  The Peanut Curry showed the Malay influence through the use of the peanuts.So let's break down each dish.1. Southern Thai Noodles - there is a balance of flavor in this noodle dish that is sorely lacking in the "Singapore Noodles" at other places.  Yes, yes... I know Singapore Noodles use rice vermicelli noodles and Southern Thai Noodles use the lasagna-like ribbon rice noodles but the flavor profiles are similar in that they are both curry based.  Again, its the balance of sweet/bitter/salty/sour/umami that sets Thai Taste's version above all others.  I may actually like this noodle dish more than my usual Pad Voon Sen (though the Filipino pancit will always be number one for me).2.  The Special Eggplant with Beef and Basil is just as the name suggests.  Again, a well executed dish.  As you know, eggplant has a nasty tendency to soak up oil and as a result all you taste is oil.  Not so with this dish.  You taste eggplant, you taste beef (or whatever protein you have chosen), you taste basil, you taste fermented black beans all perfectly balanced.3.  Peanut Curry - mine was with chicken.  Once again, "the key is balance".  Interestingly, the ingredient that provided the sweet element was actually the peanuts. In addition, the peanuts gave the dish added texture, a mild crunch to contrast the soft rice and the crisp snap of the veggies.Now you may be thinking..."You had 2 dishes that were curry based.  Surely they just tasted the same".  Nope.  The subtle differences in ingredients makes for a huge difference in flavor profile.  The curry in the noodle dish was much more assertive, while the predominant flavor in the Peanut Curry was unsurprisingly the peanuts.So... Thai Taste is my go to place for Thai cuisine.  The food induces a Zen-like state of balance that I sorely lack in my daily life so I must return, and return I shall.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2010,1/27/2011,83,91,4,10,6>So Good!!! (warrants three exclamation marks) Now, I'm not a real Pole, but I've got enough of it in my blood to have a decent cred with this stuff, and this is what I've been looking for. The Czarnina was better than I'd ever had and- oh the beets! So delicious. There were dishes that my mother said she hadn't had since she was little kid and had forgotten about. Everything was perfect. Comfortable atmosphere- sorta like your grandmothers kitchen. Pork was juicy, pierogis were fried not boiled, beets were sweet vinegary and just firm enough. The service was mediocre, but I can be cajoled into apathy on that front, if there are sweet sword hanging from the walls. Could do without the music but who cares when the food is so good. Will return and force others to come.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,1/26/2011,109,76,3,3,3>My second favorite burger of all time! My family has been going here forever, since it is only about a minute from our house. I love these kinds of burgers: nice and thin, super greasy, and a bun that is both warm and soft. Oh, it's making my mouth water just thinking about them. And their shakes are amazing. Get a chocolate one, and you won't be disappointed! Plus, they're open super late. It's awesome for when you go out with friends and are hungry on the way home. I always go either here or Taco Bell on those occasions...It's also really nice that you can watch them cook your food. But the dining room is really small. There are no more than fifteen seats, so most people take their food to go. I am also incredibly happy that smoking inside is banned in Michigan now. It saves my lungs, and I don't have to do take-out if I don't feel like it.The only thing I can complain about is the fact that they only accept cash. This is a little annoying, because I hardly ever carry cash anymore. But it definitely isn't enough to keep me from frequenting this awesome burger joint.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2010,1/24/2011,69,416,2,7,5>I love Vietnamese food. I have enjoyed it on the west coast many times.  And I have been to Vietnam and enjoyed it there. There is nothing quite like a Vietnamese breakfast including a big spicy bowl of Pho in the morning. So when I read all the great reviews of Thuy Trang, I thought that this should be great. And sure enough it was. We arrived a little bit before noon and the TV was on and everyone was watching the World Cup match between the USA and Algeria. Just as we sat down, the USA scored a winning goal against Algeria and won the match. Everyone in the place; Vietnamese and we round-eyes were screaming and yelling. It was quite an international experience. But I have digressed. Let me describe our dining experience. So I took a look at the menu. I had taken a look the night before and I noticed that prices had risen slightly. Maybe about a dollar an item, so no big deal. But I thought I should mention that. The Pho bowls that had been around $ 5 were now $ 6 and so on. So everything was still quite reasonable. After perusing the menu and considering all the nice stuff they offer, I decided I would go with a classical standard so I ordered the Crispy Spring Rolls to share with my associate and I had the Beef slices and Tendon Pho, while my associate had the Beef Slices Pho. The Crispy Spring Roll (four of them) came out almost immediately and they were nice and hot. Perhaps they were a little on the greasy side, but good greasy if you know what I mean. They were served with some nice side veggies including cucumber slices, some shredded picked carrots, a delicate unusual kind of lettuce and sweet sauce. I ate mine with chili oil rather than the sweet stuff, as is my usual practice and I really enjoyed these spring rolls. The ground pork was generous and it was flavorful. This dish reminded me of the spring rolls I have had in restaurants and from street hawkers in Vietnam and I it was nice having it here in Michigan. I did notice that Thuy Trang also serves the fresh tolls too and others were enjoying those as well. The Fresh ones were not fried and slightly larger I think. Then the Pho came out. These were not the biggest bowls of Pho I have ever had, but they were certainly big enough and after finishing mine, all the way to almost dry porcelain, I was quite full. But I will say that out in LA and in Vietnam, I have had much larger bowls. The Pho was served with a nice platter of bamboo shoots, Thai basil, lime slices and nice fresh green chili slices. I tasted the delicate broth and then added two large dollops of chili oil, and a glug of sesame oil. Then I squeezed in a lime wedge and topped the whole thing with the veggies. This is how I was instructed by my friends in Vietnam and I must say it was like I was transformed back to Hanoi. Wow was it good! The rice noodles were perfectly cooked, the broth was tuned up to my taste buds and I dug in with gusto. I found the tendon to be as I remembered it. That is to say, it is delicate and rich at the same time. Every time I have had it, I have reminded myself that although I like it, it is not on the top of my list of "must-haves." But I keep ordering it to have a basis of comparison. I cannot say for certain what the cut of beef was that they use for the beef slices, but I think it tasted like thin slices of a grainy and flavorful cut. It might have been flank. That was great and maybe that was the best beef choice after all. I had considered the Deluxe Bowl for a moment which has those two beef items, but also adds meatballs (which I love) and tripe (which I don't like very much.) The tripe closed the deal for me. I'll eat to be a nice guest, but I won't just order it for myself. Another potentially good choice was beef slices and meatballs. That could have been good.. So we happily slurped our way to the bottom of our bowls and then thanked our hosts and left. Now I have read in some of the other reviews that the old fellow that runs the place was surly and mean. I certainly did not experience anything like that. Mid you, we ordered quickly and didn't ask any questions. We knew what we wanted and smiled at him before he had any chance to allow him to glare at us. The young fellow that cleared our plates and presented us with the bill was a bit abrupt, but by no means were either of them rude or intimidating. The entire damages with tip and tax came to around $ 24. And we left full and smiling. I'd like to go back to Thuy Trang at dinner time and try one or two of the bigger plates. and I regret that I forgot to order Vietnamese coffee. If that was served authentically, it would have been wonderful. I just love that heavy condensed milk they float on top of the rich coffee. But I will be back and I won't forget twice. So expect another review from me.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,1/23/2011,151,367,11,9,5>Sometimes, being on Yelp is the same as being in a bad relationship.  You get too comfortable, you try to share your passions, you sometimes laugh together, you cry together and most importantly, you pig out together.  And it seems like the longer you stay on Yelp, and in that bad relationship, you ass gets bigger (thanks to all the pigging out you do).  With that said,  Bucharest Grill, and their ginormous shwarmas will, no doubt, help you on your journey to fat-ass land.So the shwarma?  So good!  I always opt for a grilled chicken variety shwarma....I think I prefer the namesake shwarma with the fries.  Each sandwich is stuffed past capacity with all sorts of toppings bursting at the seams.  Pickles, chicken, fries, and veggies are so tightly packed and ready to burst out that one must take care as they take their first and subsequent bites so as not to have your shwarma "bucharest" all over your table (or in my case, all over the sidewalk).  Honestly, these sandwiches are HUGE!  I have yet to finish one, no matter how hungry I think I may be.  But be warned, the delicious garlic sauce in each shwarma may haunt you for the rest of the night.  Better hope your loved one neither a vampire (Sorry, Bill Compton!) nor a garlic hater.  Well, what about the fries, you say?  Again, so good!  On my last visit, my sister and I shared a basket of fries.  Crispy, golden, greasy fries completed off our calorie overload for the evening.Best thing about Bucharest?  Its connected to the Park Bar...so I can enjoy my shwarma alongside a tasty beer.  Forget crappy slices of Niki's pizza or greasy spoon breakfasts as late night drunk fare, I'm now choosing Bucharest as my drunken destination for late night nosh.    So why only four stars?  The food is great, the location is superb but the wait time sucks.  It seems like it takes forever for your food to be ready, no matter what night of the week or how busy the bar seems to be.  Maybe I'm just ravenous or maybe I'm just an impatient bitch, but I feel like I wait forever for my sandwich.  Despite the wait, I think I will keep on coming back to Bucharest for oh-so-delicious shwarma....I just have to remember not to get too comfy as fat-ass land may equal no-man land.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,1/22/2011,215,177,5,6,6>So many BBQ places have opened up around these parts, you'd think you were in Texas!  Sadly, there is nothing like the Salt Lick here in the mitten.  Fortunately, Those of Us Who Say Pop can still enjoy some killer 'que at Lockhart's.Two words: BURNT ENDS.Seriously. After I popped one of these succulent, crispy, juicy babies into my mouth; I almost started singing in Klingon. Rich, meaty, delicious.  They should be an entree (they will be for me in the future!).The rest of the beef brisket is marvelous too--you'll want to bury your face in it.  I like to think of it as the barbeque equivalent of the pastrami served at Katz's Deli in NYC.  It's THAT good!! The pulled pork is also tasty and juicy, but it's all about the brisket.When the star of the show is the meat, you want to serve it with something that is going to complement, not compete, in terms of taste and texture. The sides at Lockhart's work nicely in that regard. Feelin' saucy?  They have four to choose from: vinegar, sweet bbq, spicy and their house sauce. The latter was my fave.I got my meat to go, but when I arrived to pick it up it wasn't ready yet.  In fact, they were very busy and the gent behind the bar hadn't even keyed in my order (I called 20 minutes ahead).  He apologized and rushed my order as well as allowing me the pleasure of enjoying a glass of wine ON THE HOUSE while waiting. 5-10 minutes later I had a ginormous bag of beef (and pork and sides).I can't wait to go back and enjoy a beer or two with my brisket!!
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,1/21/2011,252,310,7,9,6>Yay! I'm a fan! Why pay a national franchise like Little Caesar's $5 for their mass produced, pre-made, crap large pizzas when you can visit a nice family owned hometown spot like this for not only pizza, but more? If you live anywhere within a couple miles if 18/Dequindre, I highly recommend the pizza and other items from this establishment. They are nestled in the conveniently accessible Windmill Plaza, which is also home to other places like K-Mart and Charter Fitness. You can even eat inside if you are in a rush or just can't wait to take the food home. The dining area is casual, basic, but just right for the occasion. A while back, this place was opened up by a small business owner that just didn't know how to run it well or offer what the community wants. The interior was blah and cold, and they only had pizzas - nothing else. Now - the new management that has taken over are serving up quality budget pizzas in a variety of variations (e.g. pan-round tossed, Chicago-style, personal, etc.). You can make your pizza a square deep dish for $2 extra. There are $3.99 lunch specials, $3.99 Chicago style personal deep dishes, and they even take competitor's coupons! Sweet. Another nice thing is that now you can get great side items like a Mediterranean sandwich, premium salads, chicken wings, breadsticks, calzones, gyros, kabobs, submarine sandwich, desserts, etc. all here in a one-stop-shop for a great family dinner. In my opinion, they can expand even further to offer even more items (e.g. barbecue ribs, pasta dishes, fried mushrooms, etc.), but of course offering a ton of items will take some time as these guys are relatively new in town.The ingredients used are quality and fresh. The pizzas are made with care and attention to detail. They have some cliche but cool variations of pizza too - such as "loaded meat," "barbecue chicken," "Hawaiian," etc. You really can't ask for more. I have even asked the chef to make sure the cheese and toppings are supple when ordering and he has always kindly obliged. That's great family-owned service right there. The interior now has real decorations and some simple seating/dining are, and the heat is actually on in the winter, which is nice because it's an OK place to casually dine in and eat at as long as you don't expect a compelte dine-in restaurant look and feel. I saw a sign saying that these guys deliver too now, which is real cool.This place has new management that has shown real signs of solid improvement. In my opinion - this is the go-to budget pizza spot within a 4-mile radius of this location. I highly recommend you give it a shot - and if you have a big group to feed, check out their website for family-size meal deals. I always get my pizza here when I want to bring some budget, yet tasty pizza home. My cheapass usually never strays from the 1-topping large round for $5, but there's plenty more to choose from if you're willing to cough up just a few more Washingtons. Bon appetit!
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2010,1/20/2011,188,247,4,6,4>We went to Haab's to participate in Happy Hour! $2.00 drinks and $2.00 appetizers. Haab's is "old school", but that doesn't really mean that anything is wrong with it in these modern days. The drinks were good and the appetizers, although small were extremely tasty. Loaded potato skins, great. Ramaki, also great but definitely a unique taste. My wife and I decided to get some of Haabs sandwiches for dinner. As is most of their menu, they were decently priced and tasted great. Sure the restaurant is old, and it definitely hearkens to days gone by, it's got style which is something that many places are missing these days. And this style isn't just to draw in a certain crowd. They celebrate this the days gone by. Once a year Haab's rolls back prices to what they were in the year Haabs was founded. This causes lines for form around the block. So if you want to step back to a simpler time, think pot roast and London Broil, take a chance on Haab's. I think you'll have a good time.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2010,1/19/2011,125,326,9,14,8>It happened.  After taking our small child out to various restaurants over the past 16 months or so, we have been lucky to be able to dine relatively drama free.  With limited time available, coupled with a hankering suspicion that said child hadn't taken a proper nap at daycare that day - we decided to finally try Jimi's Restaurant.  Jimi's has quite the menu - so it's not hard to find something to order.  We both stuck to the Greek options on the menu, and ordered saganaki as well.  The saganaki was delish- and all was going well.  Our main dishes arrived, and we were happy to see that we would not be going home hungry.  But THEN, the meltdown occurred.  Said child decided it was time to put us through the parental ringer.  When we finally threw in the towel and decided that we had no option but to leave, we were especially glad for our server's assistance.  While I was taking said screaming child out to the car, the waitress boxed up all of our food and even poured to-go cup beverages for us.  She helped make the process as seamless as possible, and didn't make us feel like miscreants by acknowledging that she had a little one at home and knows how it can be.Moral of the story- great variety on the menu, decent food, pretty good value, and great service.  It's not like I would go out of my way to come to Jimi's, but if in the area and in the mood for something less high maintenance than typical Royal Oak - I would not hesitate to revisit.Also- wifi and free parking.  Yippee.
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,1/17/2011,55,85,3,8,7>New York City Pizza--just like the name says.This isn't the deep dish buttery crust I grew up on at places like Buddy's and Shields. Nor is it the Chicago style deep dish (sit in your stomach like a hockey puck) of Uno, or Pizzapapalis.  Nope.  This is the wood oven baked, thin crust, somewhat greasy masterpiece that I enjoy whenever we go to the City (New Yorkers call it "The City") or New Jersey (a suburb of "The City").NYC Pizza is delicious. It's available by the slice or the whole pie. Their slices seem just a tad smaller than Brooklyn (in Birmingham, not "The City"), but just as tasty.  And the whole pie-- for $10.95 you get a 16" crowd pleaser with unlimited toppings!  That's an offer you can't refuse.On our first visit, we sampled the Margherita--fresh spongy mozzarella with Roma tomatoes and basil.  The delicate flavors blended together so well.  We also tried a slice of pepperoni, which was a little greasy, but in a good way. The pepperoni was meaty, the sauce--just enough. The crust thin and tasty.Next time, I've got to try the BBQ Chicken Pie with red onions and smoked gouda.  See ya there....
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,1/16/2011,143,110,6,13,11>The fact that this is a Mexican and Italian restaurant is just exciting to me.  I can't help it.This review is only for the Mexican portion of the menu, but based on this first experience, I absolutely intend to go back and check out their Italian fare.The chips were good, but the salsas kinda weird, and not entirely in a bad way.  There was a red one that honestly just looked like tomato sauce in texture, but it had a ton of chili powder in it.  Interesting, but I didn't love it.  The green on the other hand, a thick cilantro-heavy tomatillo type one, was delish!  My companion mixed them and preferred the mixture to either of them on their own.The tacos are the real deal.  $1.50 a piece for  double-layered, tiny corn tortillas, packed with meat and topped with cilantro and onion (and queso for 50 cents extra per taco).  I had one each of the chorizo (mexican sausage), carne enchilada (marinated spicy pork) and cecina (steak) and a side of beans and rice ($2.00).  The chorizo was greasy, salty and outstanding.  The carne enchilada and cecina were also tasty.  The rice and beans were totally different looking.  The beans were dark, refried mush and the rice was yellowish.  Both were exceptionally tasty.Our waiter was very attentive, in spite of our ordering the cheapest items on the menu and ending up with a total bill of $16.00.  The atmosphere is kinda fancy, with white linen napkins, but paper covering the tables, a single rose in a long vase on each table, and nice dishes and utensils, but it's still casual and somewhat dark. I definitely left wanting to go back soon.I can't guarantee they're pulling everything off, but they've definitely got the tacos down.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,1/15/2011,297,101,9,10,8>I feel like I've provided a valuable diplomatic service to the world, and if I die tomorrow, I can be content knowing that I've introduced someone unfamiliar with it to delicious South Indian cuisine.This location has been many things. The first time I came here, almost 10 years ago, it was an Indian restaurant--I don't even remember the name.  After that another short-lived buffet place opened up and it closed within months. It was vacant for a while and then it became a health food store. More recently, it was known as The Chettinad and it was merely mediocre. I went once and never came back because there were places I enjoyed more. So imagine my surprise when I discovered that it was _yet another new place_ in the same building. I discovered it right here on Yelp and added it to my "to try" list. Thanks to TJ and Janelle's reviews, I was drooling by the time I clicked the magic button to add it. What an auspicious day that was.I went in with my friend who was visiting from Norway (the aforementioned never-had-South-Indian guy) and my girlfriend. We were the first customers of the evening shift and were treated like VIPs from the moment we stepped in. The waiter was extremely friendly, but there was a bit of a communication gap--not because of any accents, but because of his incredibly low volume speaking voice. He was almost whispering, and we all had to struggle to hear him. He did ask us how hot we preferred our dishes, and as a service, brought out a complimentary appetizer of two deep fried chilies for us to try. My friend stressed that he preferred very mild, I stressed like I prefer very hot, and he seemed to understand our preferences. I ordered the Chili Chicken dry appetizer which was decent (it was too hot for my Viking friend). It's not the most flavorful I've had, but it was tasty. My friend ordered a corn soup which he absolutely loved. He claimed it was the best chicken soup he's ever had. The waiter must have picked up on our desire to try it, because before we knew it, he had brought out smaller complimentary bowls for my girlfriend and I so we could taste it too. How awesome!So, fifteen minutes in, we already had three free appetizers. Now that's customer service!Based on TJ's glowing recommendation, I tried the Kozhi Varutha and was stunned at the complex and delicate blending of flavors and textures in this amazingly artistic dish. There are precious few moments in one's life when you discover a new taste that has never been in your mouth before--it's almost like what I imagine seeing a new color would be like--and when the opportunity arises, it is to be grasped and savored. That was the experience I had with Kozhi Varutha in my mouth. I wanted to swim in a kiddie pool filled with the stuff, except that would be scratchy and painful.The butter naan was spectacularly prepared, and was the perfect accompaniment to the rich and exotic flavor of the curry. My girlfriend got Tikka Masala which was appropriately sweet, creamy, and spicy. Our Norse friend got a chicken kebab and was slightly disappointed in it--mostly because they interpreted his stress on "mild" to mean "absolutely no seasoning whatsoever." Literally, there was no seasoning on his chunks of chicken. It was simply chicken on a grill. He also found one chunk that was slightly undercooked and it made him a bit queasy and  put him off his meal. They did bring out a complimentary dish of mint chutney for him to try, and he did enjoy that. He also got the butter naan and really liked it. He said it reminded him of Lefse (a bread from his homeland). I am terribly excited to go back and explore more of the South Indian and Tamil menu of Athidi. It's a cuisine I'm not super familiar with, and I feel like I'm beginning a brand new culinary adventure that has now been enabled by this spectacular restaurant.
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2010,1/14/2011,99,529,4,5,5>After being completely blown away by Symon's Lolita in Cleveland  (yelp.com/biz/lolita-clev) I couldn't wait to try his restaurant in my own back yard...so when foodie friends came to town, it was game on.The valet parking was easy--and a prerequisite since there didn't appear to be any parking around (though maybe those more familiar with the area might know of some secret spots). We were early for our reservation by about 15 minutes, and the hostess said it would definitely be 8:30 before we were seated (though we saw A LOT of empty tables) and suggested the bar...which sounded good, but was completely useless for our party of four since the bar was fairly packed... That said, had all the women actually held their purses instead of putting them in a seat and people didn't leave that empty seat between couples/groups, there would have been plenty of room. (I don't know what's wrong with people who do either of those things when it's a busy place. Ugh.) So while we scoped out a place to try and get the bartender's attention, another girl came up and said we were ready to be seated. So apparently the hostess was wrong and we didn't need to wait 15 minutes. While we were happy to be seated, I wondered if the staff actually talked to each other. We asked about the restrooms, and were told there was one by the bar (which we had actually seen) and the rest--are you ready??--WERE IN THE LOBBY OF THE HOTEL [which Roast is attached to]. Um, what? A decent sized restaurant with one one-room bathroom? REALLY? Just bizarre. The thing I just don't get about these types of places is just how freaking loud it always is. I mean, does everyone feel the need to scream at their tablemates or what? It was so loud for a bit that we could barely hear our waiter when he was standing right next to us. That said, he was nice and took our drink orders and made recommendations... Unfortunately, I didn't really like my drink, so that was a wasted $10, but our friends thoroughly enjoyed their mixed drinks and wine.Blah blah blah, so how was the food you're asking? Honestly, I'd take Lolita over Roast. Overall the food was good, but the food was just as good at Lolita--and cheaper. Our table had the Beef Tartare, Beef Cheek Pierogie, and Sweetbreads appetizers. They were all good, but none knocked my socks off (though it was my first sweetbread experience, and I have to admit they were tastier than I'd ever imagined they could be). I then also got the Sweet Potato Soup which was quite heavenly---smooth, with the crisp sweet potato sticks and chewy/crisp proscuttio (I think it was). It was definitely a favorite of the table.Entrees and sides were, in a word, HUGE. Oh my gawd. The sides were easily twice the size of what we had at Lolita--and had I known that, we would have shared (though, honestly, I didn't complain about taking home those delectable I'd-pick-these-for-my-last-meal-on-earth brussel sprouts). Everyone really enjoyed their dinners, and I'd highly recommend the filet with crab. Yummo.Most of us were too full for dessert, which was actually okay for me, since there wasn't really anything I wanted. They had apparently recently changed their menu (from what was listed online) so they didn't have the chocolate cake I had wanted (or the creamed corn and bacon side I was drooling over). Every item had something that didn't sound good to me, though I am sure they probably would have been okay.The service was great for the most part. Hubby and I happened to be in the LOBBY restrooms (LOL) when apps were brought out, and our tablemates said they took them back to keep them warm. Shortly after we returned (less than a minute) the apps were back. Cool. The bus boys were quick--waters kept refilled and plates cleared efficiently (though an empty drink glass sat there for a good 15 minutes). So, overall, it was a good meal, though expensive. With tip, our table of four spent about $360. I think our Lolita experience, at about half the price, was better overall. But I guess the main question is would I go back? And the answer is a resounding yes...though it might just be for apps and sides (those damn brussel sprouts).
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2010,1/13/2011,44,77,4,9,7>Buddy's rocks! They have soy cheese pizza!  I'm lactose intolerant, so it's great that I can finally FINALLY order a pizza that the toppings don't fall off of! My sister and I went there and had a large veggie covered soy cheese pizza on multi-grain crust.  It was great! I do prefer their regular crust to the multi-grain, but it was still amazing. I am so relieved that I can have pizza with "cheese" on it!Buddy's also offers a gluten-free crust.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,1/12/2011,68,72,6,12,10>Like Ben W said, the "sommelier" will blow your mind with possibilities and tasting notes.  This guy really knows his stuff.I was leery of this place upon first glace: it looked like the sort of frou-frou foodie place where "upwardly mobile" douches buy overpriced food staples.  $16 for 375mL of flavored olive oil?  Pass.Of course I still went in, and once I realized I could sample the various oils and vinegars, I was hooked.  At first I felt a little bit like a jerk, sampling every single flavor that caught my eye.  But it was encouraged!  The gentleman working the floor started directing me to flavors I might like, based on my reaction to other flavors I sampled-  he was spot on every time.  When I mentioned that I wanted to use the "Better than Chocolate" balsamic I picked up in a mole sauce, he went the extra step of mixing it with a Tunisian Harissa oil that I liked- and BINGO!  Tasted just like mole right there.  He gave me some pointers on how I might go about marinating and cooking with that combo, and by the time he was done I was just itching to get back home to my grill to try it out.I'm absolutely blown away by the experience of shopping there.  I felt like I was being attended to at all times- and not in that overbearing, I-work-on-commission way that creeps me out at Victoria's Secret and all furniture stores.  The sommelier's enthusiasm for his products was palpable, and before long I was completely caught up in it.  Noteworthy:Tunisian Harissa Olive Oil- sneaky creeping heat, fantastic flavorBetter than Chocolate Vinegar- rich & dark, exceptional lingering flavorGinger & Honey Vinegar- tasted just like pickled gingerCoconut Vinegar-  amazing scent, would be great on shrimpViolet Vinegar-  just the right hint of earthy floralAgain, like Ben W said, I could happily stay here all day, comparing and pairing and tasting.  Do yourself a favor and stop in, and make sure you talk to the sommelier for some great advice.Bonus:  frequent buyer card stays in house so you don't lose it or forget it!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2010,1/11/2011,258,354,9,19,14>The Two Way has stood proudly on the corner of Mt. Elliot & Nevada since 1876 - and is still open and operating as the oldest bar in Detroit (yes you heard correct - the Two Way holds the oldest Detroit bar title, NOT Jacoby's...although they like to say they do).  The neighborhood is somewhat of a no-man's land these days, and chances are you won't just happen upon the Two Way unless you come looking for it.  That being said, you SHOULD come looking for it.There is such history and character in this place - I'm talking, bulletholes in the walls from back in the speakeasy days, and more than a couple accounts of ghostly encounters.  Along with that, there's also a pool table, video games, plenty of old crap on the walls to ogle, and friendly patrons with stories to pass the time.  The Two Way occassionally books bands (usually punk) or hold special event nights (which usually include homemade Polish food) - this info is always communicated on their facebook page.  The first Friday of the month is where the real party is at - Tony and Aaron (from Whiskey in the Jar, Hamtramck) come in as guest bartenders, and draw an eclectic, sizeable crowd of young and old.  The First Fridays have even gotten attention in a Free Press article a while ago.  Did I mention the drinks are CHEAP?  I can't speak for the price of the beer, but if you're a liquor drinker, you'll get poured a stiff one for only a couple bucks.  Without fail, my tab at the end of the night is always at least $10 cheaper than I expect it to be.  Should be noted that they are cash only.Also, the bathrooms are well lit and CLEAN!  Much cleaner than I've seen in bars 100 years younger...The Two Way isn't fancy, but it's got heart.  If you're looking for a truly historical, truly Detroit bar...awesome patrons and staff with a passion for preserving this gem of a spot...and ridiculously cheap drinks..it's definitely worth searching out.*CASH ONLY*
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2010,1/10/2011,42,144,11,6,7>Umm...it's Shatila. You're kind of not allowed to call yourself an Arab American (and maybe not even the friend of an Arab American) if you don't know and love this place. Seriously, we have like four boxes of this stuff floating around the house around Christmas time, and we live in North Carolina. There's a fake box of Shatila in the food exhibit at the Arab American National Museum, understand? Getting the chance to complete my pilgrimage in person this weekend was the fulfillment of a long-held childhood ambition.  If you haven't been or ordered from here, don't tell anyone, just get some fast and pretend you knew all along.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,1/9/2011,794,350,9,8,7>I'm going to hit you with a Roundhouse!!!!This is not a boxing match but another decent restaurant in the Downriver area. Burger Boy put on his cape and mask and was making his usual treck through the area to find another place he hadn't tried yet. Work was getting crazy and he just had to get out. We flew into this restaurant at the suggestion of one of the coworkers. Since I had my cape and mask on I had to try the burger(go figure).Roundhouse Burger Combo - added the cheese, bacon, lots of onions, pickles, slathered on the mustard. This burger is two 1/3 pounders of ground sirloin stacked real high with all the fixings.  The burger was juicy and  taste was excellent. The fries were just ok, not great, not bad. There was a small side of cole slaw, not bad, not great. The prices were reasonable. The service was great. Burger Boy will leave his cape at home next time and try the barbeque next time. The choices looked decent.After the lunch I walked back to my desk at work and moved my mask sideways, threw my cape over my head, climbed under my desk and took my afternoon nappy....Ahhh Burger Boy to the rescue(in my dreams)....
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2010,1/8/2011,52,123,8,9,5>Rut Pronunciation: rutFunction: noun   1: a groove or furrow (especially one in soft earth caused by wheels)   2: an annually recurrent state of sexual excitement in the male deer  3: a settled and monotonous routine that is hard to escapeAfter 8 years in the same office building, with the same local bars and restaurants surrounding it, my work team moved  into a different Dearborn building today.  This afternoon we unpacked the boxes, filled new cabinets and drawers with stuff we haven't seen in years  and set out on a new adventure in corporat culture sameness. Yipee...Better?  Not likely...  Different?    Well 30 minutes after our arrival we were told we talked too much and were too loud.  Imagine that...  co-worker valuing each others opinions enough that we actually choose to talk to each other in the office. Listen up folks, I do not collaborate quietly. These people are in for a rude awaking...Ahh, but there was something new, something different and something better.  In a nearby hangout, the former and long closed  KC's Dive bar stands a new and improved watering hole.  3 Nicks Sports Bar has half a dozen beers on tap and many more in the cooler.  Not a micro-brewery, just the basics right now.  Shots were generous.And the food here is good and priced right to attrach customers to sell beer.  I had the 1/2 pound Bacon Cheesburger for $2.00.  This hand made patty was  something Her Burgermiester Tom F would be proud of.Add Onion Rings for $1.00, a pint of Killians for $3.00 and you are at $6.00 for a good bar burger , rings and a brew.  Now that's what I'm talking about!Rodger and Clark enjoyed the Friday Fish Fry with the Perch and Chips dinner for $6.95.  The Cod Fish and Chips dinner is $4.95.3 Nicks Sports Bar.  LCD TVs, juke box, pool table, dart boards, cold beer, good food and good prices.A great way to breakout of one rut and into another.  *rim shot*
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,1/7/2011,223,265,4,10,6>First off - great service.  Lots of family helping out.  Daughters, aunts, uncles, etc.  The owners were very nice to help translate some menu items for us.  I had a huarache for the first time and words do not do it justice: - an oblong, fried masa base (a little thicker than a tortilla)! - chicken - salsa - queso frescoThey also have a huge jar of fresh pickles on the counter which were stellar.  Apparently, one of the aunts makes them.  Jalapeno, onion and carrot.  They were wonderfully sweet with just a little tang and a little heat.  I'm sure at different points in the pickling they have different amounts of heat.  Ask for them.Only downstroke for us was that after leaving our clothes smell like oil.  I'm guessing because it was related to the open front door - but it was a beautiful night out.  Can not wait to try again.
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,1/5/2011,200,255,7,6,7>Located across from Holy Redeemer Church in a little parking lot, El Pariente was the last stop of my inaugural taco truck crawl.  I'm glad we didn't skip this one!After some tiny mini-tacos at Los Dos Amigos (yelp.com/biz/los-dos-ami), I made the mistake of ordering two more tacos at El Pariente.  These were pretty big.  I don't know what it is, but these $1.25 tacos are significantly bigger.  (EDIT: Forgot to note that 3-4 of these would be enough for a meal.)There were fewer meat choices here, so I went with two tacos al pastor.  These tacos had a lot of meat in them!  (UGH.  "That's what she said" keeps repeating itself in my head as I write these damn taco truck reviews.  I give up.  Too tired to try to reword that sentence.)  The tacos also contained chopped raw onions and cilantro and came with grilled onions and, if you want, a whole grilled jalapeno (as opposed to a half grilled jalapeno at El Paisa yelp.com/biz/el-paisa-ta).On the side of the truck were squeeze bottles of red and green salsa, lime wedges, and whole radishes.  I liked the red salsa here better (also the case at El Paisa.  Am I really a red salsa person?!  And here I'd always thought I was on Team Verde).Like Dil F., I had tortillas that fell apart.  I don't know if they had just been covered with piping hot toppings for too long, or if I had piled on too much salsa, but I wished I had a fork because these tacos were really tasty and flavorful.  Maybe I'll actually bring a fork next time :)Oddly enough, the whole jalapeno was much hotter than the half jalapeno at El Paisa.  (EDIT: Turns out most of the heat in a chili pepper is in the inside spines.  This explains a lot.  Thanks, Lorna E.!)We sat in the shade of a nearby building as we ate and also saw a girl celebrating her Quinceñera.  Her dress was hot pink!!
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2010,1/4/2011,192,175,12,21,14>For at least two (or has it been three?) weeks there has been such a buzz about Cork. I swear every person I have spoken with in the Metro-Detroit area about Cork has either known the owners, workers, or has been involved somehow. Since I first was let on to the opening I was really excited; a wine pub, gourmet food, champagne by the keg (coming soon)--what more could a boy want? And all in the heart of Pleasant Ridge (aka Pleasant Place). It didn't take long to instigate a UYE outing to experience Cork first hand. The staff of Cork was exceptional. Everyone I have interacted with there from general manager to hostess was welcoming, friendly, and genuinely happy to be there. There really was a sense of family (this may sound Hallmark-y) but it really felt like they were all excited to be working together towards the success of the restaurant. I was greeted warmly with inviting conversation was shown to the large table the restaurant had reserved for our party (it ended up being 9 all together). For the occasion, since there wasn't a keg of champagne (yet) Jeffrey, the Beverage Director, had devised a champagne punch that was amazing. Mixing Jamaican Rum, Cognac, champagne, lemon, a maraschino liquor and topped with a booze soaked lemon wheel, it was a perfect way to start the evening. When the rest of the party of arrived we sampled a plate of three dips: a white bean, an eggplant, and an herbed chèvre served with crackers and rolls. All three were delightful--it would be hard to choose a favorite, and really they were like the Charlie's Angels of dips, working well together but each having their own special flavors. I ordered the soup du jour, which was a potato-leek soup, served with an amazing dinner roll. The soup was perfectly creamy, and had lovely chunks of potato (can potato chunks be lovely?--eh, why not?). The consistency was perfect for a cream soup. And the soup spoon had a very comfortable heft to it. I was also fortunate to try J.M. Chickpeas (which almost had a Cajun flare) and the Brick Roll (which rocked my world). The Brick Roll is made of mushrooms, caramelized onions and goat cheese and wrapped in phyllo. Yes, from that it sounds like the pre-made appetizers one could find in  the frozen food case of Trader Joe's, but compared to this Brick Roll, those are like cardboard. The earthiness of the mushrooms were perfectly balanced with the goat cheese and it was served on a green garnish topped with a vinaigrette that really made the flavors pop. Other plates that were ordered included the Grilled Cheese (served with gherkins!) and the Roasted Beets (which looked amazing) and the Amherst Egg.After two champagne punches, I decided on a glass of Shiraz, because, after all Cork is a wine pub. The wine list is huge and encompasses everything. Thankfully the servers seemed to all be very knowledgeable and quick with suggestions. (Picking wine out is hard if there aren't cute labels to influence decisions! . . . I'm half kidding). Cork's menu included lighter fare and then about 6 entrées from duck and chicken to a cut of beef. As a Vegetarian, I try to zero in on what I could order if I was having dinner. I was startled to not see a Vegetarian option listed so I actually asked the server who was nearby and she informed me that they had a Risotto with Seasonal Vegetables available and that more would be added to the menu soon. I was perfectly complacent with that response and I will anxiously await the new additions. For dessert I heeded fellow Yelper Sarah's suggestion of trying the Butterscotch Pudding. . . I am a sucker for butterscotch and how often does one see pudding not served in a plastic cup? The pudding was topped with a toffee sauce and served with a cinnamon financier. I was hoping the financier was going to be a well dressed man with an attaché case and pince-nez, but in fact it was a little accompanying cake dusted with confectioner's sugar. I also was fortunate to taste the Chocolate Cake that was served with a red wine reduction which was again, perfection by the slice. Make a note that the desserts are definitely large enough to share! The restaurant is smartly decorated and a lot roomier than expected. There are cork walls (that are fabulous!) and inclusions of fun found objects as art. There is a separate room off to the side where the wine lives. I think you could purchase a bottle out right from them. . . I think? The bar is large and fully stocked with a huge variety of liquor. If you want Bud Light, this isn't your place. Most of the beers (if not all?) were local brews. Cork is a definite must. A perfect place to end the night with a glass of wine and dessert or maybe the right spot to start a relaxed, fancier dinner. I'm almost hesitant to use the word "fancy" because that often implies hoity-toity-ness and ridiculous extravagance, but when there is that much thought and love put into plate, it really is fancy compared to the typical standards.
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,1/3/2011,1388,1056,15,17,13>Roy's is an experience indeed. Entertainment and food.We dined in last night. I would call the atmosphere rustic, my husband calls it filthy. I don't think the counter area where we were had been washed since start of day. It rolled off my back but my husband was grossed out a bit.The girl running the place up front was a hoot. Definitely the take no guff type. The clintele demands this sort of girl as someone called in at some point whose order was screwed up slightly (he had asked for light onion and felt he did not get the appropriate onion level) and he threatened to come down and kick her ass because of it. Granted her attitude bordered on so what but c'mon she looked about 17 and like she weighed 95 pounds soaking wet. She boldly stated bring it and rolled her eyes after she hung up.The clintele who weren't threatening her seemed to be hitting on her instead. She took it all in stride and it made for a night of quality entertainment. The food is old school. The 1/2 lb. big squeeze with cheese burgers are cooked up so they are an odd combo of little crunchy edges and juicy middle, delicious really but different. Hand formed for sure and cooked on a griddle that has probably cooked burgers for longer than I have been eating them. They practically fall apart as you munch. They are dressed with mayo, diced onion, shredded lettuce and a tomato slice. I added ketchup and mustard from the squeeze bottles and liked the end result a lot.The wedges are excellent, not too wide a cut but crisp with a good potato middle. Yum, perfection. My husband hogged them so next time we will get the larger side to split. The off brand ketchup sucks but the wedges are happiness. The onion rings are standard but still crunchy and tasty.Fountain Coke products which were fine (James obviously prefers Pepsi though), no offer of refill so there probably are none.Our whole bill was 17 bucks. It worked. ***CASH ONLY***
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2010,1/2/2011,70,54,3,6,3>I've been here several times, and every time it's been great.  I love the lounge style seating for desserts. It just has a great feel, and it's fun to be in a different sort of setting and seating arrangement. With the smoking ban, everything is just so much nicer.  They still do have their cigar lounge downstairs, but I haven't really spent much time there.This time I ordered a Chocolate Melt Cake. We summarize this in technical terms as 'delicious-chocolatey goodness with ice cream.'  No kidding. My friend ordered the Bananas Foster Bread Pudding which looked absolutely delicious. Apparently, that's also one of the employees fave items.  On previous occasions I've shared the fruit and cheese plate (minimum order for two) which was pretty standard, and other desserts including creme brulee, and a chocolate trio type dessert.  Everything I've had here has been delicious. All the desserts are around $7-10, which I think is pretty inexpensive given the setting, plating, and service.I think the nice thing about La Dolce Vita is that their desserts are not so expensive, come in sharable portions, and they are just so good. All of the desserts are made from scratch in their kitchen. The service is also great.  It's always nice to have a classy setting to come to once in a while, enjoy nice desserts, and leave without  a giant hole in your pocket.  Thumbs up!
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2010,1/1/2011,73,199,7,6,5>This place is real.A delicious pizza bakery and mini-mart that makes me want to go to Dearborn and open a Dearborn Heights Italian Bakery.I always order a large peperoni pizza for the Super Bowl. It is so greasy and so delicious, I usually have to take like eight Tums. But it is so worth it. They also sell deliciously-greasy pizza rolls which are great if you also like antacids and Pepto Bismol. Pizza is sold by the slice during the day and there are a bunch of other italian things sold there like pasta, sauces and milk.The parking lot is terrible though. I don't suggest anyone walk through this parking lot for fear of being crushed by a Ford F-15O or Chevy Caprice Classic.
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2010,12/31/2010,85,24,5,8,5>Not out of business, not owned by Trinidadians, not anything but utterly delicious!I lived in Detroit for several years, and I was still freaked out by the neighborhood at night. It's creepy. I had called in a carry-out order after work, and they called me back to make sure I was coming, gave me directions, and had my food packed and ready in a box when I came in. I didn't have enough cash to cover, and they let me write a check for four dollars. :) The male owner (from Jamaica) walked me out to my car and told me to call if I was coming back, and they'd always make sure I was safe.Now, as for the food ...roti with goat -- delicious stewed goat (no bones!) with root veggies and plenty of curry ... and DUMPLINGS! by far one of the best caribbean meals i've ever had. the bread, very thin and home-baked, is good. reminds me of bread at middle eastern restaurants.chicken curry -- looks like food that's already been eaten, tastes delicious! order the spicy for some real heat and flavor. callalloo on the side is a must ... just get it all in one goopy bite.jamaican jerk chicken -- charred on the outside, equal parts spicy and sweet. totally addicting. for not as adventurous diners, this meal is your best bet.rolls and veggies on the side. homemade ginger beer sold nice and cold. NO CREDIT. three full meals with sides and ginger beer for $30. i'll take it!
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,12/29/2010,91,118,7,8,6>I recently stopped by Scout, perhaps to purge the bad flannel taste in my mouth from Lost and Found and I instantly smiled when I walked though the door.Unlike Ryan L, I found the staff to be quite nice. She introduced me to the nearly-blind,  certainly deaf dog she kept behind the counter (shops with pets in them are a signal of a place I like).I love the decor here. It's very bright and poppy, as if Andy Warhol took an acid trip with Judy Garland. The wares they sell tend to be a bit on the expensive side, but it's at least fun to look around. If you're looking to be the "cool" gifter for a toddler's birthday party, stop here. They have a bunch of cool retro-esque gifts for the kids with parents that are more Daily Show than Jay Leno.All in all, when I'm looking for a retro gift, I'll probably stop here before taking the trip down to Lost and Found.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2010,12/28/2010,41,64,,6,5>This place is a hidden gem tucked away in a half-empty strip mall outside of the immediate downtown area.  I really enjoyed my meal here. I like Ethiopian food a lot, and like many other reviews, I have been to the Blue Nile many times and I too liked the food at  Addis Ababa more than Blue Nile.  My dining companions and I ordered the vegetarian feast, which consists of salad, Gomen (collard greens), Tekil Gomen (cabbage and carrots), Shiro Wat (spiced lentils), and a few other dishes I am forgetting the names of, including a cold lentil dish that I had never had.  It is done in the typical Ethiopian restaurant fashion: one shared plate (leave your double dipping friend at home) and an unending supply of Injera (spongy flat bread),  which is used to make little pockets of goodness.  It was $14.50 each and we all left fat and happy.  We also had the tea, which was AMAZING.  It was sweet (but not sugar sweet) with cinnamon and a hint of anise.The interior is nice, clean, and tastefully decorated.  Be prepared, this is a one-woman show, so the service will not be the speediest, but it will be friendly, and the food will be wonderful.  Also, during dinner there are only two options meat feast or vegetarian feast.  So go hungry!  Note:  I found a coupon for Addis Ababa on Retail Me Not.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,12/27/2010,38,113,3,3,2>Overall I think this place is a five, but had to mark a 4 because every time I go I have to wait for longer than I want.  It is clear that the staff is not at fault for this wait, since, as others have noted, they keep things moving at a nice pace.  I just hate waiting all the time.  A remedy to this is ordering take out.  I live close enough that this is feasible.  I almost always get the burger - Piedmont - with all the fixings. This is delicious and I am always stuffed after eating it.  Last time I was there for lunch I got the burger with Swiss and fried onions - I probably won't do that again since the onions were so big.  The burgers already come with so much stuff, adding too much more in the extras department makes the thing sooo messy to eat.  The fries are fries.  Good, but not phenomenal. The drinks are respectable - I ordered a Midori Sour and it was just right. I have had the Seafood Chowder before and it is something I would order again, a lot of seafood in there.  When my family is over to visit we usually order from Red Coat (to avoid the wait) and everyone is always happy with their food (Mt. Vernon, Fish sandwich, salads, and soups) My favorite part of this place is the place itself.  Parking is rough at night, but not impossible.  And if you can brave the wait, the dining and bar area are so comfortable and rustic.  I think of pubs in early America days low lights, exposed beams, and the hustle and bustle of people in and out.  Now that there is no smoking here, it is even better.  A great place to take out of town visitors - just call ahead to reserve a seat!
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,12/26/2010,32,140,5,7,5>It was my turn today at enjoying this place.The ambiance was cool, many things to look at as well as a bunch of old signs on the wall. Had the burger, it was a 1/3rd pounder for $4.90 and tasted greaTTT! I also thought the fries were good too.The other diner had the ham sandwich and onion rings...the rings were pretty tasty, although they were nearly 4 bucks which to me is high.So overall I would say their prices are a little on the high side (except the burger which was odd.) The burger was great, and the fries hot and crispy, but it was about 9 bucks with a tip.The clientele were a mix of business types to people in shorts just chillin out for a beer and a bite. I would recommend this to others, just know that you may pay a little more, but overall I think its worth it, and will return.bon appetit
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2010,12/25/2010,91,123,1,6,4>I am so happy that the other reviews on Yelp led me to Flip. I desperately needed a cut and color and I haven't gone to a real salon in a while so I had to just pick a new place based on the recommendations of others. So I ended up at Flip and walked out with healthy, bright, flow-y hair. Irene picked the perfect color for my highlights and even touched them up for free (I had a serious root situation going on). The staff is awesome (shout out Jean!) and makes some great coffee. I really liked the products they use too. The Bumble and Bumble Quench shampoo has made a huge difference in the feel of my hair. They also use a line called Prive and Moroccan Oil which smells amazing.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,12/24/2010,59,121,1,7,7>I can't say enough wonderful things about Polish Market. The staff has always been friendly, helpful and patient when helping me find a particular item (Although I am part Polish and grew up in a household where it was spoken occasionally, I only know small phrases -- and reading it? Forget about it!) They have a great variety of kielbasa, sausages and meats, as well as some of the best pierogi I have ever eaten! During my mothers first visit there, she purchased some of the pierogi and favorably compared it to my Great Grandmothers cooking that she remembered when she was younger!It's nice to see a market that caters so heavily to the Polish community with such quality and pride!
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2010,12/23/2010,48,87,6,1,3>If you want to feel like you're drinking in the movie Mary Poppins, you should come to Ye Olde Saloon.  Not only does the name Ye Olde Saloon make you want to talk in a cockney accent a la Dick Van Dyke, there are horse murals on the walls that look just like the horses from Mary Poppins.Now that is really the most negative thing I will say about Ye Olde (I'm really not a big fan of Mary Poppins, and I especially disliked the animated horses).  As I've mentioned before, I adore dive bars, and Ye Olde, or YO, can definitely be classified as a dive.YO has cheap beer, good specials, and an awesome shuffle board! Yesssssss!  One night we shared the shuffle board with another group, and while we were waiting for our turn, we did rounds of quarters.  The waitress was in full support of this, bringing us shorter glasses and helping us find an ideal table to bounce quarters off of.   Good thing that we were playing with separate beer glasses, as YO is definitely not the type of place where you'd want to put something in your mouth after dropping it on the floor.  Anyway, staff here will go above and beyond to make sure you have a fun time.The only other negative comment I have is that there bathrooms remind me of "The Shining."  Seriously! I just googled "the shining bathroom," and I thought I pulled up an image of Ye Olde!In conclusion:Mary Poppins + Cheers + The Shining = Ye Olde Saloon
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,12/22/2010,24,69,2,11,4>If you're anywhere within 2 hours of this vet - you're crazy not to go here for all of your pet visits.  Seriously, this really is as good as it gets.  We moved away from Ann Arbor, and still drive back for every single visit and it's completely worth it.  When other places make you wait only to tell you they need to rack up more money with useless testing - Dr. Bill just gives you the solution - the guy is genius and charges an outrageously low price for everything from his services to meds.Dr. Bill is ridiculously efficient and doesn't try to find the most complicated way to solve your problem to rack up the bill like most doctors and vets.  He goes for the most likely diagnosis rather than racking up hundreds in testing, and just gives you the meds for that - which guess what? He's been right 100% of the time so far and we've saved so much money.It's not like I'm not willing to spend money on my pets (a dog and cat) - if other vets really were more thorough and the money was worth it - I would never hesitate to spend more for better diagnoses.  But that's simply not true, this vet ridiculously accurate, timely, and only charges the bare minimum always!  Other places not only overcharge you for their service, but also tries to rack up needless testing and upsells you on tons of other crap for pets.Let me give you an example of our checkup today (we've been going to this vet ever since Rebecca C. recommended them to us almost a year ago). We got:-office visit for Pookey (my golden retriever)-test for heartworm (it was time for his yearly checkup to renew the preventative stuff)-medicine for my cat (who wasn't even there) to kill tapeworms because we had a case of fleas that make animals prone to tapeworms-heartworm preventative with tapeworm killer for Pookey-diagnosis for staph infection, with allergy treatment instructions that typically causes staph infectionsAll of this for a total of $88!  What?! Typically just an office call alone is $65-$80!  Basically we got $250 worth of services and treatment for $88.Like I said, you're crazy not to go here if you even live within 2 hours of this place.  They save you so much money, and Dr. Bill is amazing, I have no doubt that as long as I live in Michigan our pets are going here.
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2010,12/21/2010,259,404,4,5,9>I'm very torn between a 3 and a 4... but the food is just so damned mouth-watering that I'll give it the benefit of the doubt. The pulled pork and the brisket are too good to be true. The ribs are billed as dry-rub, but I don't care for the style - stick with the pulled pork. VEGGIE FRIENDLY: do the bbq salmon, ask for it medium rare or rare.To save a ton of cash, know that the sandwiches are JUST AS delicious and extremely filling with a beer. The ONLY reasons not to get a sandwich are 1) you don't get your two SIDES!!! omg the sides you need them! the MAC N CHEESE is incomparable and the baked beans are top notch... and 2) you don't get to bring home leftovers, which you will be doing with the full plate. The yardbird (bbq chicken with crispy bacon and sauteed mushrooms) is kind of special, definitely worth trying, but a classic pulled pork sandwich is the real way to go. All the sauces are excellent!!!! Just don't be an ignoramus and MIX them... do one at a time per dish, and come back again to try the others. If you're unsure, start with the hot sauce (it's not really hot), then the mustard sauce, then, you'll know what to do from there... Lastly, yes yes yes, their beer menu, if you are snobbish about your beer (meaning you don't drink Bud), then Slow's has the best beer list that I KNOW of in Detroit (you know something i don't? let me know... I'd love to find an alternative to slow's just to keep things changing up).  They carry my favorite beer of all time on tap: Ommegang Hennepin. Funny name, but miraculous beer. and one final "lastly" --- in the summer, their outdoor patio is divine! (oh, and also so thankful for the bike rack! AND the PUBLIC bench you built! sure, nobody will ever be strolling down Michigan and 75 and decide to take a breather on the street corner, BUT, the gesture of building a public bench is kind of amazing. Slow's, you are amazing!)Ok, so some gripes. The first is that the place is a bloody zoo on the weekends... no fault of theirs (except their supreme BBQ reputation), but it makes the thought of going on weekends utterly DREADFUL. If you LIKE to go out where there's a long wait (45min - 1.5 hours before having order taken is NOT uncommon) and the place is packed and bumpin', and you feel like a super-star at the center of it all, then you'll love Slow's on any weekend (at any time!). Peak hours during the week can get nearly as chaotic. I'm only ever interested in Slow's if it's an off-hour, esp late at night, for a sandwich and a brew. Another gripe, they've got two rinky--dink TVs that show sports all-day,  but the volume's never up and (mostly) no one can see them... just get rid of them! nothing's worse then having the flashy ticker-tape of ESPN distracting you from an otherwise pleasant environment, esp. since it's not a sports bar (or even audible)... it's really odd and out of place.Lastly, once in a blue moon, they pull a fast one on the beer prices and Im not sure why. A for instance. I have no illusions that a pint of beer at your local bar costs more than your bottle beer at home. I get it.  But you can get a half-liter bottle of Weihenstephaner Vitus beer at Holiday Market in Royal Oak for $3. A HALF-LITER bottle! They were selling it at Slow's on tap (very impressive!) but for $8 per HALF-pint! and they ONLY serve that particular beer by the half-pint. (as a CRUDE conversion, a half-liter is larger than a FULL pint), so, I don't get it. I'm SURE it's something on the brewer's side... I HOPE... but it's happened more than once and just feels weird cuz most of the draught beers seem more typically and reliable priced. Just know how much your beer of choice costs, roughly, before you venture into the shmancy stuff.__Finally, the staff (bar keeps, wait staff, cooks, bar backs, hosts) are all doing an excellent job over there (exactly BECAUSE it's a zoo half the time, and they keep things moving). when you walk in 20 minutes before the kitchen closes, you can expect half the staff to be wrapping up. They just put in a 6-8 hour day on their feet. Walk yourself up to the bar and ask for a menu. Don't stand there with your silly judgments.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2010,12/20/2010,25,50,5,9,9>A couple friends of mine and I went last night, and from a prior review I have to agree it's a little bit like Napa. First of all, it's packed, which for a Wednesday night is nice to see. I liked the décor, it was simple and classic, almost a cape cod design. The waiters are attentive without hovering. Had a bottle of cabernet that was very pleasant, the wait staff was helpful in selecting something. I recommend the cheese platter, they had a nice array of different kinds of cheeses. I had the sweet potato gnocchi and my only complaint would be I assumed the sweet potato would be in the pasta, but rather was just mixed in with finished gnocchi. One of my friends had the sea bass, which was very good, well seasoned and finished nicely. Another had the whole trout which had a nice lemon sauce. They also have a good amount of vegetarian entrees, which changes often from what we were told. There was a chimichurri flank steak on the menu that sounded amazing as well. The owner was very attentive to the entire room, checking in at least once to make sure that everything was presented well. The chef didn't spend too much time in the kitchen, which I thought was a little odd, rather he was delivering the finished product to tables. The bar was packed when we got there around 8, and was consistently busy the entire time we were there. The waiter said that they will have outdoor seating, hopefully next week. It's has definitely gotten good word out, and will go back soon.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2010,12/19/2010,157,473,4,4,4>The BJ/lotto combo is a lofty standard to aspire to, and I can say with a high level of certainty that there is a good chance that this combination of events have never occurred simultaneously.  The over the pants/finding money combo is more appropriate.  I stuck with several pupusas and the plantains.  I am against all things cream (let the innuendos continue) - sour cream, whip cream, cream in your coffee, whatever; but everything else was flawless.I really felt like I was walking into a friend's family's house.  One of the workers was reading with his precocious daughter.  Another co-worker came out and started conversing with me about my meal; she must have heard my feeble attempts at Spanish earlier as not a word of English came out of her mouth.  All in all, at this low price this place is a must visit.  What are you waiting for?
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,12/18/2010,75,360,,7,4>If the Red Wings (and hopefully the Pistons) are moved into an arena in the Foxtown area, then Harry's would be on a solid foundation year around. Other businesses would pop up in the area as well. I like Harry's, the up stairs deck has a view of the down town skyline I don't normally get to see. I would also disagree with my Yelp colleague that you can't walk safely from this establishment to the ball park, and besides, they have a shuttle that will take you to and from the game, at no charge!The food, drinks and service were all good +. I'm gonna give Harry's Bar & Grill four stars.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2010,12/17/2010,214,174,1,14,3>I thought for sure I'd be the 1st to review a funeral home, but I'm actually glad I am not.  I am also glad that Sara's review almost word for word echoes the way I felt about Desmond's.  When I lost my father, I really had no experience planning a funeral.  It goes without saying - it's horrible, but Desmond's made it literally as easy as possible.  We worked with Gary and by the end of the week, we considered him family.  He was so helpful and warm and funny.  He rolled with all our emotions and requests.  We had some ideas about what we thought might be nice - Gary filled in every crack and assisted us every step of the way.  Where we hadnt thought of things, he was quick to make sure to help us with having a seamless event.  As far as specifics, we utilized the upstairs.  We knew there would be a fairly steady flow of visitors and it allowed us the entire upstairs, with a small kitchen and meeting room.   It also had its own set of bathrooms.We had a bit of a concern with the older people making their way up the stairs, but the staff was quick to assist and personally escorted them up the elevator.  Another thing I especially liked about the upstairs is that it had 2 exits out of the main room.  I spent a decent amount of time in the side room, which kind of allowed a less overwhelming feeling.  It was also nice, because i (guests too) didnt feel claustrophobic in the main room. A new offering of Desmonds is the option to have the remembrance service video taped.  I wasnt crazy about the idea, but my mom kind of liked it, so decided "why not?".  I am actually kind of glad we did.  I dont really like to watch it too much, but it really has proved to be a nice remembrance especially for my mom.  We also had anticipated quite a few elementary and preschool aged kids who would be at the visitation.  Desmond helped us by providing a table where we could set up coloring pages for them.  A little unconventional, but my sisters kids did a great job entertaining themselves - and I certainly would suggest it if you are in a similar situation.Although I didnt deal with the payment and insurance portion, my mom only had positive things to say about how quickly and efficiently everything was handled.My thoughts are with you if you are looking at this review due to an unfortunate circumstance, but I think you will be doing yourself a favor by choosing Desmond & Sons.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2010,12/16/2010,56,178,,7,5>I've been coming to Ventimiglia's every so often for about 15+ years now, and I can't really say that about any other deli. I've never wavered from their classic Italian. I used to be a hard roll guy but it became an obstacle back in my teenage years to bite through it with freshly tightened braces. Since then I've been loyal to the soft roll. I've gotten soup there a few times and some olive salad as well, and they are great compliments to the quality subs. Ventimiglia's is my benchmark. It is my favorite Italian sub on the planet. If I ever moved away it would be one of the first things I got when I came home. It's family owned and I've seen the same people behind the counter ever since I started going. They know my Italian relatives that live around the corner by name. It's just a small authentic Italian shop that makes great food. If you're ever in Sterling Heights I recommend you stop here. Salud.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,12/15/2010,23,184,4,3,4>I love this place.  I love it winter, spring, summer and fall...but especially in summer - when they have the old English D, Comerica Park and baseball shaped cookies.  At Superbowl time, they make cookies that represent each team's helmets.  Football cookies, football brownies.  They also make fun smiley faced cookies...in the summer they have sunglasses.  Their royal icing is awesome.  They will make special order breads, mini and regular, in all kinds of shapes and sizes - spiders, alligators, jack o'lanterns.  You name it, they'll probably make it.  I've never purchased their bread, but am pretty sure I could fall in love with their Challah.  Holl-a!
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,12/13/2010,23,21,2,11,6>All the kids are doing it.Why is this tea shop so tiny? Because the owner of the Kumon learning center loves bubble tea! So she converted this extra space into a cute little  shop. She was very friendly and excited to talk about bubble tea. That said my first bubble tea experience was awesome.I tried two, the house special, milk tea with bubbles and green tea flavored with lychee and bubbles. Both were refreshing and lightly sweet. I'd say get the milk tea if you are more of a latte drinker and the green tea if you are more of iced tea drinker. Flavored tea options are plentiful, ranging from taro, red bean, coconut, kiwi, and strawberry to name a few. Teas can be served cold (16oz) or hot (12oz). The Little Bubble Tea House also serves smoothies and slushies made with real fruit, gourmet coffee, chai and sushi??? The thing I am eager to try is a mocha with bubbles. The shop was busy when I was in (6 customers) I'm surprised the shop has been open for almost five years and this is the first time I have ran across it. I'll be back Little Bubble Tea House for your charm and your plastic cup filled with choking hazards.*CASH ONLY* but there is a BoA ATM in CVS at the opposite end of the stripthe phone number is 248.459.3052
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,12/12/2010,36,61,3,9,7>I've been to the lunch buffet a few times and ordered off the menu two times for dinner. I honestly think this is the best place in ann arbor for Indian food. Medium spicy actually has a nice low burn, and everything looks carefully prepared and not sloppy. The buffet is one of the better ones in town, with many vegetarian and non-vegetarian dishes. Even the buffet food is flavorful and decently spicy. And complimentary fresh dosa!Another plus - very affordable. I think this is the cheapest weekday Indian lunch buffet in town. Items off the menu are not too pricey either.  Service has ranged from very helpful and friendly to a little flustered, but never rude. It doesn't hurt that this place is right across the street from where I currently work... reminds me to go to this semi-hidden gem on state st. You should go too!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,12/11/2010,47,100,5,11,5>I kept seeing the ads for their Bloomfield store and I was really wanting to check this place out so I was really excited to find out a location opened up in Northville!  It's in the same plaza as Trader Joe's on 8 Mile and Haggerty so it's in a great location!We walked in saw and saw these cute pies all lined up in a row, the best way I can describe them would be like a smaller version of a calzone.  We ordered the Beef and Jalapeno, which was on the spicy side, I was definitely not expecting to get that kind of kick at 11:30am!  And the BBQ Chicken which was both of our favorites.  The outside had a little cruch, it was doughy and the fillings were really great!  We also ordered the chili which was ok but you may want to skip that and order another pie since it's pretty much the same price.Overall I really liked the place and I'll be back!
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/14/2010,12/10/2010,43,35,2,4,3>We've had many a weekend morning, started with good intentions of being productive, totally waylaid by a breakfast at Honest John's. The breakfast is pretty standard, certainly better than a Denny's and fairly inexpensive. And oh - if you have cocktails with breakfast on the weekend it's brunch. It's totally respectable. And look - there all these other people doing it to. It's practically expected! I generally get the standard breakfast and A. gets the eggs and hash. It isn't the most gourmet of mornings, but it's a good cozy feeling brunch that basically makes you want to go right back to bed and take a nice nap- and oh wait, you can - it's Saturday!
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2010,12/9/2010,32,112,,4,2>Came here today for lunch.  Pretty odd that my girlfriend and I were the only ones there at 12:30pm on a perfect Saturday afternoon.The food was pretty good.  We ordered hummus to start, which was served with an olive oil concoction to pour on top.  My girlfriend usually isn't a fan of hummus, but she kept commenting on how much she liked this.  It was served with fresh, hot pita bread.We just got greek salads with chicken as our lunch.  not much to really comment on a salad, but i can say the chicken was really good.  it was grilled and had a lot of flavor, which is a huge plus.  Sometimes at places have really bland chicken which is a big turnoff.The service was fine, but should've been since we were the ONLY people there.  We wanted to take our hummus home and the server added a few extra pieces of pita, which was a nice touch.overall, i'll come back to this place to try other things.  not sure how it's going to do in the long run since a few of these reports are saying hardly anyone is there.  sort of strange.
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,12/8/2010,190,319,15,29,15>I am bold enough to write a review (I know there are probably some Yelpers who have been here before) Lol. I saw the ad for Janet's Closet one day in the newspaper that said they sell shoes up to a size 16. I was super excited because I am one of many woman who wear shoes larger than a size 8. So I took the long drive to Wyandotte & found the small place. They have a variety of really cute shoes including thigh high boots, mary janes to 6 in. platforms (aka stripper shoes). They have wigs, lingerie & club wear. It is really a store that caters to cross-dressers (if you don't know what that means check the dictionary), but they have women shoppers & clothing for women (YES I WAS BORN A WOMAN!!) I love the shoes I bought & they were reasonably priced. When you find a store that sells shoes that are stylish & fit, it is a great feeling. Note: (For those who are intimidating by going into a store that caters to an alternative lifestyle) They have a website also where you can order products and speak to someone if you have questions.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2010,12/7/2010,75,127,5,3,5>Four, almost five stars. Its a really great place, but falls short of perfection.The Emory is like the WAB's older, more sophisticated brother. Their menu has trimmed itself down to what you'd really want, the beer selection is way more diverse, the juke box is refined, the patrons are more.. uhh.. mature I guess? I don't know how to say that without feeling like a total jerk.Food here ranges from okay to great. Their burgers are absolutely top notch and their fries are to die for. Mariah hit that one right on the nose. Beyond that, their pizza is okay I guess. Their brunch, a smash hit. Its one of the only places that rivals Dino's, really. Dino's still wins in the creativity department though.The beer selection is like a shining gem. Its very diverse, always changing and generally suited for those with a taste for beer. A little pricier than I enjoy, they do offer $2 High Life's, which makes up for it I guess. But really, who wants a High Life thats right next to a bitchin porter? Sigh, such is life.Overall, a once-in-a-while, oh-wait-everywhere-has-a-wait-at-brunch destination for me. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here, but I will entertain myself with a trip here once and a while.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,12/6/2010,39,72,5,11,10>For me, Sidetrack is a place where memories are created. It's where birthdays are celebrated, where our relocated friends want to go when they come into town for a visit, where you get a group of old friends together for a good time. I've been a regular since I celebrated my 21st birthday there six years ago. The servers come and go and the mixed drinks are hit or miss, but there's a certain charm that keeps me coming back.And OK, happy hour keeps me coming back. It's hard to beat half off all liquor and a couple bucks for 20-something ounces of tasty, tasty beer (huge selection on tap, with plenty of local selections). They have local wines now, too, but unfortunately wine is not discounted for happy hour. I believe happy hour is 11:00 p.m. to 1 a.m. Fridays and Saturdays, and 10 p.m. to midnight on Sundays.Since I go to Sidetrack for happy hour, the food I consume is usually an appetizer or a burger. I'm not a huge fan of red meat, but I love me some Sidetrack burger, preferably with pepper jack cheese, caramelized onions, and a side of sweet potato fries (better with ranch than with the horseradish sauce, in my opinion). The fried pickles are a hit, as are the southwest egg rolls, Irish pub egg rolls, and mozzarella sticks. I'm also a fan of anything that comes with tortilla chips (queso dip, nachos, spinach and artichoke dip). You can probably skip the chicken wings and the pita pizza, though. If you want dessert, get the strawberry shortcake when it's in season. It's ten bucks, but it's delicious and huge. HUUUGE. Share it with everyone at the table!The ambiance is cozy, but even better when it starts to get a bit chilly outside; they have fireplaces indoors and fire pits on the patio. Sometimes when the place is busy, you'll get seated at Frenchie's next door, which is owned and staffed by the same people. You can totally rent out Frenchie's for free! It would be a fun place for a big party or even a casual wedding reception.Last order of business: the train. There's a reason this place is called Sidetrack, and it's tradition to raise your glasses in a toast when the train goes by. Sadly, the tradition is dying. Help us bring it back! Save the train toast!
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,12/5/2010,171,85,2,6,5>Cafe Muse may be among the highest caliber restaurants in metro Detroit. Had to be said.It's been my favorite brunch spot since the first time I tried it -which incidentally happened to be on a first date. He got points for originality.The quality here is top notch. I'm not sure what sort of magic they weave with eggs but they're always fluffy and perfect. You can't go wrong with any sort of egg dish or special though the Exotic Mushroom Scramble with Boursin Cheese is just killer. Still, I'm a fan of the Orange Rum Raisin or Lemon Ricotta pancakes - light, fluffy and wonderful for breakfast. Not too sweet.For lunch, yes, the famous Grilled 3 Cheese with Tomato, Basil and Honey is transformative. But so is the Shrimp Salad Sandwich on Cheddar Bread. I also love the Tossed Organic Greens with Warm Goat Cheese and Poached Pears. Even the iced green tea is special; it's steeped with cinnamon, orange and cardamom.You can't help but feel special dining here. It's baked right into the menu.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,12/4/2010,102,130,1,2,2>Love their square pizza. I don't eat pizza often, but I hate paying for over priced mediocre pizza. But here the sauce is just right and the cheese is super gooey! Stosh's delivered a large pizza half pep and half mushroom to my work with a 2-liter of Pepsi for $10. I can't beat the price and convenience that have just offered me. They also have pretty decent salads as well, and honestly I don't think I have had bad food there. Stosh's is also very generous, they have donated free certificates to my nonprofit for the past two years. I don't quite recall the exact amount, but I think they gave me 2 $20 certificates! Which is just enough for a family. You can get a large pizza with a couple toppings, pop, and bread sticks for all that! Now that's a deal. Stop in and try some! You won't be disappointed for the price :-)
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,12/3/2010,41,210,1,10,2>I tried House of Optical because it a) is close (within a mile as the crow flies from my house), b) is locally owned, c) managed to please my dad when he purchased glasses there (no mean feat!), and d) they seemed to have decent reviews.The locally owned was a big deal for me...I'm not looking for dancing optometrists shilling for a big chain. I like spending my hard-earned cash at local businesses whenever possible! And this place has been around for years.I walked in there one day when my last good pair of glasses finally gave up the good fight (breaking into three pieces when they were stepped on). I got an appointment for an eye exam later that day. I picked up one pair of glasses the following day, and I went back to pick up the other two pairs I ordered the day after that. That's an eye exam and three pairs of glasses in just over 48 hours!I ended up with free frames for one pair of glasses (they have a small selection of free frames, and when I told the tech what I wanted, she suggested looking there first for the simple wire frames I sought), I used a $60 coupon I got from their Web site for the second pair, and I got 30 percent off of the third pair because it was the third pair (making it easier for me to finally decide to go ahead and splurge on the prescription sunglasses I've wanted for years because I wear eyeglasses primarily for distance and driving).Saturdays look pretty busy, but I still was in and out of the place in not more than a half hour when I went in for my second pick up and adjustment.Oh, and find the coupons by clicking on the Our Specials tab at the House of Optical Web site.
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2010,12/2/2010,44,163,5,7,8>Ah Middle Earth! I've been shopping with you since 1985 when at the age of 10 I finally was allowed to take my allowance and blow it all in one place on windup toys, arveydic oils, a paper kite, stickers, and the ubiquitous hello kitty.You've waxed and waned over the years but still retain the essential spirit of the store I grew up with. Now, instead of stickers, toys, and incense I (or I send husband in) to buy from your gorgeous selection of fun and unique jewelry. Please don't ever close, you're one of my favorite self-treat destinations in town - and of course, during the holidays.Nutshell:- Gorgeous, unique rings, earrings, necklaces not found elsewhere in town.- Fun greeting cards, notepads, magnets, pens.- Novelty gifts (aka, Gandalf/Obama figurines, poop-shaped soap, ice shot-glass makers, etc.)- Candles, incense, small ethnic musical instruments, lunchboxes, etc.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2010,12/1/2010,76,179,4,4,1>Good food. - have to write more. just wanted to get it stared.3/29/10Tried lamb chops for the first time ever here at Table 5.  I have pleasantly surprised. The dish had a Mediterranean flare.  The chops were marinated and coated in a rich sauce, which was quite lovely.  The meat was not as gamey as I would suspect.  They were tender and fell apart. yum! served over Israeli cous cous and tender carrots.  My husband ordered the steak.  Not as good as mine though!For dessert, we split the crème brulee.  It was served in 4-5 spoons.  The presentation was beautifully displayed, but looked skimpy at first. But these little spoonfuls are so rich, we ended up having some left over!We dined here for the second time.  Our meals were not as memorable as our first experience.  My husband ordered the lamb chops, but were not quite like mine before.. I tried their new dish of braised short ribs.  It was served in a  bowl atop of mashed potatoes and vegetables.  But the vegetables were minced and cooked in the sauce.  Not enough textures!  The flavor was there, but was like eating mush.  eh.We would still like to come here again.  Table 5 has an innovative menu and is constantly changing.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2010,11/30/2010,104,113,4,13,4>I just got back from having my hair done here.  I have to say that I found my new salon. I was just driving in my car on the way back from getting an estimate on my car when I decided I was sick of my two inch roots.  I had heard of this salon before, but hadn't been there.  It was also recommended to me by a friend so I thought, "sure? Why not?"First, they took me as a walk in and I only had to wait about 5-10 minutes.  My stylist was Cassandra.  When I saw her with a chunky pink highlight in her hair I was a little nervous.  I didn't want to walk out of this salon with this crazy unnatural 'do.  Talk about making a judgment before I should have!A full highlight with my long hair and toner came to only $55!!!  I have hair longer than my shoulders so I usually get nailed with over $70, not including toner and the tip in the end.  Cassandra did an awesome job and I recommend her.The interior of the salon is fun and fantastic.  The owner of the shop loves her Marilyn Monroe.  It's also all different shades of pink, hence the name.  It's clean, trendy, and very friendly employees.  I cannot wait to go there next time to get my hair cut and nails done.  I was also informed that apparently they are active in breast cancer awareness and fund raising even down to their tools and products.  The hot pink blow dryer used on my hair was a breast cancer product with some of the proceeds going towards it.  Some of their product proceeds at times go towards it as well.***One heads up ... you need to bring cash for a tip because you cannot put it on your credit card.  That's the only negative to this salon.I'm now Team Pynk!
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2010,11/29/2010,135,218,,7,5>This place rocked my world last night. I went in looking for a fair price on a good, semi-road leaning hybrid bike. Being a complete novice, I was expecting a little bit of a hoity-toity factor from the seasoned vets at TWT, but au contraire... they could not have been nicer or more accommodating. I'd called ahead as I'd seen two 2009 closeout models I wanted to test ride, and after a brief description of what I was looking for, they had the bikes off the racks and ready for my test run. Out onto the sidewalks of Jackson Rd. I went. Both bikes felt awesome, shifted super smoothly, and made me feel like a ten-year-old kid all over again.Back inside, the salesperson talked me through both bikes and asked if I had any questions and what I liked most about each one. I ended up going with the '09 closeout Specialized Globe Vienna hybrid bike, as it was on sale plus 10% off. They also gave me 10% off all the accessories I bought as well (helmet, water bottle cage, lock, pant leg strap, etc), and when the total charge came up I was shocked at how low it was (under $500 for everything). To top it off, Two Wheel Tango offers free yearly tuneups for the life of the bike, and a few more 10% off coupons for future purchases from the shop. Amazing. Truly can't recommend them enough if you're in the market for a bike of any kind. My husband's so jealous of my sweet ride I think they may have another sale coming soon.... ;)
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2010,11/28/2010,173,266,2,5,3>I'd rate it 3 and a half star but I'll round up due to our waiter "Scott".  First of all we made a reservation at 8 for 6 via "open table" and got there 5 mins early.  We didn't get seated until 8:11pm for a table seating only 5??  Yeaaa Not COOL!  NOT AT ALL!  Never the less, I wasn't going to let that ruin my first experience at Maggianos.We opted for the family dinner the Chef's choice.  OMG!  We ate like pigs!  Two of everything??  Two salads, we picked Maggianos and spinach with dressing and cheese on the side.  Not everyone is a fan of blue cheese.  We also ordered the jumbo crab cakes and sausage with onions.  Well, they brought out shrimp scampi instead.  The Chef came out personally and apologized and said our crab cakes will come and this shrimp dish is on the house.  How sweet.  That is like an extra dish that we filled up with.  So really we had shrimp, crab cakes, and sausages!  All three were good in my opinion but I've had better elsewhere.  Then came our entrees....two pastas: shrimp in angel hair and clams in linguine.  They were just OK.  We also had two meat dishes:  Beef medallions, and the special of tilapia with lobster crusted on top.  Again, dish was just OK for me.  tilapia had no flavor, really underwhelming.  We were already stuff and I'm now on my second glass of wine.  Stuffed!  But then came dessert!  We chose:  chocolate cake, and the pound cake with homemade vanilla ice cream and caramelized bananas.  The bananas were soooo good!  Especially paired with the ice cream.  I didn't care for the pound cake but everyone else at the table loved it.  Chocolate cake was rich and decadent but not my cup of tea since their espresso machine is broken!!  Grrrrr.... Oh well, I left looking like I was 4 months preggo all over again!  *sigh*  It was good fun with friends but really was it worth $314 for the 6 of us?  I think not.  The flavor just wasn't up to par with the price.  I rather spend more for less food but better tasting??!!!
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2010,11/27/2010,198,632,4,6,6>My birthday month is coming to a close, so we have to pull out all the stops with the remaining 'free' email club items.  At Benihana, it is a doozy - join The Chef's Table on their website (free), and they will send you a certificate for up to $30 off your meal!  Yep, 3-0!So I went for it - chateaubriand (8oz filet) and lobster tail!  $42 (or $12, as I kept telling myself...as I drank my $9 hot sake and noshed on the $11 Shrimp Lover's Roll).  Ken had Hibachi Steak (12oz strip steak).They kept the food coming so we weren't (too) annoyed by all the clanging and oohing at other tables, and the GD out of control children at the table behind us.  Brothy onion soup then salad with ginger dressing then fried rice made tableside (note:  this costs an extra $2.50 pp, which they don't tell you) then little shrimp bites and zuchinni pieces with dipping sauces.  Finally the entrees.My steak was more tender than Ken's but his had nice flavor.  The lobster was awesome.  Not sure if I would have splurged this much without the discount, but I'm looking forward to it again when Ken's birthday rolls around in July.The hostess told us starting next month the certificates will only be good Monday through Thursday, which makes sense because it was packed last night.While on their website I noticed a mention of 'All You Can Eat Sushi'.  What now??!  I asked - only available M-Th dinner, $27.50 pp, and it is pretty much all of the sushi rolls on their menu.  They request that you control how many rolls you order at a time - no 12 rolls for 2 people on one order - but other than that, go for it.  We enjoyed the Shrimp Lover's Roll, and we easily spend $50 for sushi, so this might be worth a go for us.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,11/25/2010,107,357,1,7,4>Jacob and I rolled out of bed on a Saturday morning with a mad craving for breakfast.Since we recently moved to Dearborn, we've been on a quest to try as many new restaurants as we can. We eat at home 4-5 nights out of the week and indulge in lunch and dinner on weekends. Upon entering, we were welcomed by a friendly waitress. I decided on breakfast and ordered 2 eggs with hash browns (well done), bacon and toast. Jacob decided to be a copycat and ordered exactly what I did. Our breakfast came out in a timely manner. The first thing I noticed were the hash browns... the deliciously well-done hash browns. (One major restaurant pet peeve of mine is when I order fries or hash browns well done and they come out mushy and... potatoey... gross!) These hash browns were burnt and delicious, just the way I ordered them. The rest of the breakfast was good, too. It seemed like we got more than 2 eggs, which is always a bonus. The bacon came out hot, which is rare for a coney. Usually, coneys serve luke-warm bacon and it's really disappointing to me. Not at The New Mercury... delicious bacon to be had by everyone!The service was great. Our waters were filled promptly and the waitress made sure Jacob's coffee never got too low. When we left, we told the waitress how happy we were to find a good breakfast spot, and she seemed genuinely excited that we enjoyed our meals so much. That made me happy. Gotta love good customer service. Jacob and I will definitely come back... with a good [cheap] breakfast and a friendly waitstaff, why not?**The New Mercury restaurant is CASH ONLY!**
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2010,11/24/2010,40,168,3,9,5>Recently started making cakes along with working at an upscale chocolate shop, and have been making the hike all the way out to Sarah's.  I didn't realize there was a place closer to my house.  Finally my coworker clued me in to Heinrich's, but I was a bit weary of coming here due to the area.  Heinrich's is a bit of an old school cake supply store.. you will find lots of cheap and random crap that I can't imagine anyone really uses.  A lot of it looks like it has been on their shelves since the 70's and are way out of style.  But most importantly, they have most of the basic stuff you would need... fondant, cake pans, piping bags, cake boards and boxes, decorating tools, etc.  They have TONS of chocolate/candy molds, and even have a "special" room where they keep "exotic" molds (hint: if this were a video store, this room would be the equivalent to the X-rated room)  I recently had a friend's bachelorette party and was able to find a "special" mold to make some chocolate sucker favors for everyone attending.  Got quite a few laughs..  If you love Luster Dust as much as I do you'll be giddy to see that they have 3 containers chock full of colors.. at least 50 shades!  They're $4.50 each for the tiny, tiny containers, whereas you can usually get them for $3 each online.  But the advantage to getting them here is you don't have to pay a shipping cost and you can actually see the exact shade in person before buying.   It feels a bit like the thrift store of cake suppliers, but just like thrift stores if you keep looking, you will come across some gems.  I just wish they would catch up to the current trends and carry nicer, higher quality and more stylish stuff.  But your 70 yr old grandma who makes gaudy, frilly butter cream cakes would love this place.  Staff is friendly and if you have some basic questions they can usually answer them.  And if you are buying for a business they usually provide a bit of a discount.  I don't know if you need to show them any documentation or anything.. they already had my employer's info in their system when I started shopping there.  Recently I purchased $210 in supplies and the total ended up being $170.  Every little bit helps :)And I think they offer a few classes, although I don't know if it's occasionally or on a regular basis.  Despite their staff being reasonably knowledgeable I don't know how good the classes are.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,11/23/2010,26,54,10,16,8>They are next door to Antonio's market, and that's how we found them. The other reviewers have mentioned the high quality of the cannoli, and I agree absolutely. I have to add that making good cannoli is not rocket science - fresh crisp shells and lightly flavored and sweetened ricotta filling are all you need. The problem is that the filled shells rapidly get soggy and soft if they sit too long. Also, the ricotta (being cheese) starts to spoil. So, many restaurants and bakeries serve extremely un-Italian - let's call them goyish - cannoli made from some sort of artificial cannoli-shell-like objects filled with preservative-laced commercial vanilla custard. (Okay, yes, I eat them. But I make faces and complain.) That's why a good bakery like Mannino's carries both real cannoli and goyish cannoli. The tray with the real cannoli (it's on the right as soon as you walk in the door) is sometimes empty because they like to keep them fresh, but do not let that discourage you. Ask, and they might make some for you on the spot. Then you will know why Fat Clemenza said, "Leave the gun, take the cannoli."By the way, I love the people behind the counter. They know who pays the bills, and they are unfailingly nice to us customers no matter how crowded and hectic it gets.
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2009,11/22/2010,132,325,6,8,5>this review is a repeat.ok so the corned beef is awsome and so is the pastrami.  the pickles are what i expect from a good deli.  i usually get the corned beef with russian on rye or the turkey with cole slaw and russian dressing on rye.  both are huge and get saved for dinner later on at work.i really love these sandwiches and everyone at my work loves them too.  we treat ourselves at least once monthly.the downside is that the parking is horrible and there is never a place to put your car.  i usually park illegally.  also a downside is the women who work there.  they're just plain mean and you could say maybe lacking in happiness.i have other adjectives that i use to describe them, but will keep them to myself.the palce still gets 4 stars though because i love the sandwiches that much.love, juston
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2010,11/21/2010,61,111,4,5,6>You can get a really delicious sandwich here with top quality ingredients.  We stopped in a few days ago; I asked for the San Francisco with very light dressing and they actually complied - I could just barely taste it.  Which is nice!  When I ask for that at Subway or Quizno's, my sandwich is literally dripping dressing down my arm (which makes you wonder what "extra dressing" would entail).  I'm really picky about my sandwich toppings so I really appreciated that each ingredient was listed on the menu and the cashier patiently waited for our customized requests.  We both got the multigrain bread which was super crispy and delicious!The place is clean and cute and the service is excellent.  The only reason for four stars instead of five is the price - $6 each for a really normal-sized sandwich.  I realize that portions are way out of control at most places, but for $6 I don't want to be hungry again in an hour.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2010,11/20/2010,50,137,6,10,10>This is a HUGE Pet Smart store and it offers a variety of services. One Saturday I was forced to take the dogs around, and I decided it would be a good chance to get their food. I landed right into the chaos that is Pet Smart. Here is a list of what was going on:1. Dog training classes2. Puppy/kitten adoption drive3. Greyhound owners fund raiser/meeting4. Full service groomingI was blown away. Luckily, the store is broken up into logical sections to avoid traffic. My dogs were mad with glee seeing all the animals out and about. They have almost every type of supplies for dogs, cats, fish, birds, and small mammals out there.Much like the Mall at Partridge Creek, this Pet Smart is the place to "be seen" with your pooch on the eastside. Like a handsome tie or trendy handbag, people bring their dogs in fishing for compliments. Of course I'm guilty of fishing for them myself, despite acting surprised when people ask "What breed is that?" or "How old is she?". Its the small things people.Few tips:- If your dogs are well behaved, most cashers will offer them a small treat. Perfect for them on the ride home.- Get the Pet Smart discount card. It saves you money. If you lost the card, they can look up your code via your phone number.- If your dog is overly aggressive, avoid bringing them in on weekend mornings. Lots of other dogs and families with kids are there. It is near impossible to control a rowdy dog in this environment.
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2010,11/19/2010,23,59,1,6,5>Unfortunately, like many places one bad experience, one bad employee or one broken down walkway will make a person say "this place is horrible!".  The truth is as far as airports go this place is pretty good! Yeah sometimes the TSA agents suck, sometimes they lose luggage, some have a bad attitude but that happens anywhere.In the past few years they have really made great strides to clean up and upgrade most of the airport.  And unlike a previous reviewer reported, a cell phone lane was one of those additions.  Though that doesn't stop jerks from blocking the lanes.  They have upgraded nearly every part of the airport.  They have a pretty good selection of restaurants, though come on people what are they supposed to have every option ever?  Most restaurants and stores are vendors and not actually owned by the airport so while they might have approval, review them if you had bad service or didn't like the options.   Also notable they do have free WiFi.As someone who has lived their whole life in the area traveling to this airport 30-40 times a year, either taking a flight, picking someone up, dropping someone off and nearly every experience I have had has been good.
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,11/18/2010,376,267,6,12,10>AHHHH Mazin'! My husband and I took a friend who had flown in on business from out of town to Toasted Oak Grill. He stopped mid conversation at some point and goes, "I feel like we hit the jackpot." I could not have said it better.The decor of the place is casual, yet clean and modern and you forget almost instantly that you're in just another Novi hotel. The market is a really nice touch, since they have one of the top charcuterie chefs in the country working for them, the cured meats and cheeses that they sell at Toasted Oak are no joke. Really the cream of the crop...or is that the creme of the crop? To start, we were brought the charcuterie plate that consisted of the day's offering of meats that included: proscuitto, salami and what I believe was some sort of lieberkase (ground meats mixed into a loaf like consistency.) and along with the charcuterie place was a plate of lardon with a baguette. For those who have not had the pleasure of such melt in your mouth deliciousness, Lardon is thinly sliced pork fat. It is not of any sort of gristly fat consistency but rather a very soft, smooth texture. Put it on warm toasted baguette slices and watch it melt slowly into a divine texture that only pork could produce. It's like eating a light airy bacon. It's delicious beyond. The proscuitto was a close second and the salami just after that. The great thing about the salami was the mustard sauce that accompanied it. It was more of a puree consistency than typical mustard, slightly less firm and creamier. Just delicious!Next we split the Salmon Rillette, Pork Rillette and the Duck Pate. All were equally mouth-wateringly wonderful. My personal favorite was the pork ritllete. I'd never had pork done in this fashion. It spread so nicely over the light crackers and had such a fantastic range of earthy and smoky pork flavors. YUM.For dinner I split the Steak Frites entree with my hubby and his buddy got the Filet Mignon in dark truffle oil. We all were gushing as the meat was perfectly flavored and cooked. Perfection! The frites were the perfect mix of crisp and double fried as well, sinfully delicious. Speaking of sinfully delicious...the Oreo Creme Brulee was a true surprise. The oreo cookie bits melted under the sugary crispy brulee cover. The mixture of that burnt sugar taste that I love with the chocolate cookie crumble and the vanilla brulee...just...WOW. We also had the Oatmeal Chocolate Chip cookie bake with the cinnamon icecream on top. That was equally delicious, just a bit mushy...we suffered through it. ;) The topper? The wine list is vast and full of some of my favorite types of vino from all my favorite regions. I haven't seen such a diverse wine list in ages. They also have "the Green Fairy" (Absyinth) and an assortment of classic and custom cocktails. All sounded great. If I drank any more wine or amazing food of theirs I'd probably have had to stay in that hotel. Holy delicious. Go, do it NOW. You won't be sorry. Toasted Oak Grill easily rivals that of Roast and other greats of the Detroit/ Metro area.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2010,11/17/2010,139,103,3,8,7>I am not the biggest fan of dim sum, but my friends finally talked me into hitting up shangri-la on Monday.To cut to the chase, FANTASTIC.  The food was handmade, fresh, perfectly cooked and non-greasy.  Three of my friends are asian, and direct from LA, and felt that this would be considered good even by their standards.We had piping hot buttery curry chicken pastries (kinda empanada like) fresh out of the oven, very creamy and tender beef tripe stew which was pure asian comfort food.  We then ordered  a double order of shumai (pork dumpling), and har gow(shrimp dumbling) toped with hot chili oil.  Next came deep fried salt and pepper calamari and Shrimp.  Next came a bowl of congee, a mushroom rice porridge.  Next came chinese broccoli with oyster sauce, chinese chive patty, a corn and shrimp patty, more tripe, and a plate of preserved fish fried rice off the main menu (good, with a slight stinky smell.)   We also got perhaps the most dangerous, irresponsible dish on the main menu, which was a 3/4 inch thick stewed pork belly (most of which was pure fat) with a sweet savory preserved veg.  Mind blowing, and artery clogging.  We ended our meal with almond fruit cup jello, and yellow custard cups.  I know what your thinking, that was a crap load of food, and it was.  We were all stuffed silly, and had enough food for another two meals, but it came out to 27 dollars a person with tip.  Anyway, if you haven't been, you gotta check it out.For the best experience, you MUST arrive early when they open at 11:00 to avoid the rush and to achieve the best position: early in the cart rotation.  If you get the back room, you might as well forget about it.
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/10/2010,11/16/2010,660,114,3,7,5>I go to White Way about once every 6 months.  It is a prototypical greasy spoon.  Simple menu, 2 older women do everything - waitress, cook, bus, and wash dishes, and little ambiance (which is the point, I think).  You go to White Way to eat, bullshit for a few minutes with the ladies and possibly the guy sitting next to you at the counter, and leave.  The cheeseburgers are OK.  Somewhere between a slider & a McDonald's burger in size, these burgers are thin, onions are cooked into the patty, cheese is added ($.25 extra), bun is steamed, and burger is served. Pickles are on the side. The fries are crispy & hot.  Yes, they're frozen, but they're cooked perfectly.The food is fine, but the prices are high for what you get.  2 burgers, fries, and a 12 oz fountain coke came to $8 (including tip).  Next time I'll order the "King Hamburger" special - not sure what it is exactly, but the special includes fries & a pop for $4.99.  Definitely a cool place to experience at least once.  The burgers are tasty & the service is quirky.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2010,11/15/2010,139,856,2,5,4>I had lunch here today, and was quite impressed.Tongue Thai'd is definitely an upgrade from the former Thai restaurant which occupied this space.  The interior is remodeled, and there is a hip vibe in this little restaurant.  For $6.50, I had a good serving of tofu green curry with rice.  The flavors were quite tasty.  And it came with a pop.  I also got an order of spring rolls, which were standard issue.  In terms of taste, I think the food here exceeds Siam Spicy.  In terms of curries, there isn't a very large selection, but since I tend to stick to a few dishes even at restaurants with huge menus, this doesn't  dissuade me.  Service was a bit slow today, but they were apologetic, and I am not usually in a hurry if I'm sitting down for a meal.  While I was eating, the owner was talking with another customer about how this place is better than other Thai restaurants because their food isn't fusion at all, and the ingredients are mostly non-industrial.  To me, this doesn't matter at all - as long as the food is tasty, I'm happy.  And I'm not much for such spiels.  But if that's something you care about, perhaps you should stop by.  I will return.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,11/14/2010,58,63,14,12,9>Of the seven deadly sins that I'll most likely burn for, in all probability it will be for gluttony.  In fact, this evening I came perilously close to it becoming a reality thanks to the food at Union Woodshop.  Dinner was 5 hours ago and I'm still experiencing the agony and the ecstasy from stuffing myself until loosening my belt was the only way to create room in my stomach.  One "waaafer-thin mint", and I would have become the Filipino version of Mr. Creosote.  It was all worth it because in my humble opinion, this is the finest BBQ in the area.  My friend and I started with the burnt ends appetizer.  The beef was tender, unctuous in the best sense, and delicious.  There was enough in one order for the 2 of us so it would also make for a nice entree if served with a couple of sides.My entree was the Woodshop 101.  This combo plate offers you a 1/4 chicken, choice of brisket or pulled pork, choice of 2 spare or baby back ribs, plus 2 sides.  I chose the brisket and the spare ribs to go with my chicken and the mac & cheese and black beans and rice as my sides. (I told you I pigged out!).  The chicken was tender and juicy, the ribs were melt in your mouth delicious due to the generous layers of fat that remained from proper smoking technique, and the brisket had a beautiful smoke ring and likewise so tender that you could cut it with your fork.  Both side dishes were on point, particularly the black beans and rice.  UWs's is actually vegetarian which I usually find suspect - no offense to my vegetarian/vegan friends, but I love all things meat related.  I must say that the black beans and rice were savory and quite delicious.All the meats were served sans sauce though you have a choice of 5 sauces on the table to choose from if you are of the bbq sauce aficionado persuasion.  As it is, I am usually of the anti-sauce camp because I really like the flavor of the meat to shine through - i will/did taste each sauce to compare to the sauces I have tried in each region, though I've never had the Alabama bbq.  All were tasty to try, but as luck would have it, I was given a sauce that I thoroughly enjoyed enough to use - it is not actually on the menu though.  So let's talk a bit about bbq sauce...The 5 sauces on the table are:1. Tennessee - tomato based2. S. Carolina - vinegar and mustard based3. Lockhart, TX - tomato and chipotle based4. NYC Chinatown - hoisin based5. Alabama - this is a form of bbq sauce that I've never had.  It is horseradish/mayo based.(A brief digression - The Lockhart TX bbq is actually a misnomer.  The bbq of Central TX, where Lockhart is located, rarely is sauced.  The bbq sauce served at UWs is reminiscent of sauce that you'd find in East TX, like in Houston, so it would be more appropriately dubbed, East TX sauce.)There are 2 other sauces on the menu that you must ask for as they have a much higher chili content and unsurprisingly much hotter.  The first is Raleigh NC, a vinegar/chili pepper based sauce, and the second is called Hell, Michigan sauce made with the 1M Scoville unit Ghost chili.  I tried the Hell sauce and liked it - alot actually, but it didn't live up to my expectations of heat.  Having heard me say just that, our server mentioned they had a sauce that was much hotter called XXX that was off-menu and came with a warning about eating it.  It is a proprietary blend of the Ghost chili, pure capsaicin extract and a few other "things".  "Bring it on!" was my response.What our server brought out was a clear squeeze bottle labeled XXX Special Reserve.  Inside the bottle was a concoction that looked quite literally like the tar balls from the BP spill, with a consistency to match.  It is also worth noting that this particular bottle had to be refrigerated, as if to keep the heat from melting the bottle.  It took me several minutes to squeeze a dollop onto my ribs because of the high viscosity.  One sniff of the stuff managed to open up both my nasal passages which have been continuously plugged due to my allergies.Tentatively, I took a bite... it was quite delicious... you could taste the meat, the chili... our server came by to see if I liked it... "Why, yes... yes I do... it's not as hot as I thought...".... BAM!... my tongue feels like I've licked a gas range set to 11... tears start streaming down my cheeks... I take a sip of water... MORON!!!!... chili oil now spreads throughout my mouth... bursts of flame shoot through my nose... tongue goes numb... mouth goes numb... lather, rinse, repeat with masochistic abandon.I.love.that.sauce.It is a blessing that it is a bit of a hike to get to UWs.  It is the one thing that saves me from becoming a complete bbq glutton and facing Hades because of it.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,11/13/2010,11,60,7,6,6>Sure, I'll be review #92358 of this place.I've been to Zingerman's Roadhouse about 5 times now, and always for dinner.  The food is pricey, but in this case I really think it's a "get what you pay for."   They strive to use local ingredients, the quality is high, the service is awesome.  I love this place, but the price keeps it from being a frequent dinner place.I finally had a chance to try their brunch.  Despite all the tourists [I swear 90% of the parking lot had out-of-state plates] we risked it.  We got there just before it became completely insane and were seated immediately.As we were starving we started off with some tasty bits.  One friend likes sweet-potatoes so he got a small order of the sweet-potato fries.  Looking into the basket he was astonished at how big it was.  They were thick and crispy and he devoured about half before his main dish arrived.  He was the only person at the table who liked sweet-potatoes, though, so I can't tell you how they were.  He loved 'em.My other friend and I shared the biscuits with chocolate-bacon gravy.  We were originally going to share it 3 ways but Sweet-potato didn't like it.  The waitress told us that she found people either loved it or hated it.  The gravy is very much like a mole' sauce, with that bitter chocolate taste, but wasn't spicy.  The bacon chunks and the biscuits really made it amazing, but very, very rich.Sweet-potato got a "Grits 'n' Bits Waffle" -- a waffle made from grits, cheese and bacon bits.  I made him give me a taste and it was awesome.   The textures went impressively well together and the tastes were just incredible.  I need to go back and get one of these for myself.The other two of us got the invent-your-own omelet.  The potatoes with it were perfectly cooked.  Mine was made with "wild mushrooms," "local greens," and 2-yr cheddar [as opposed to 4 yr cheddar which -- I asked -- is a bit sharper but dryer and doesn't melt as well or another one of the cheese choices], my friend got provolone, "wild mushrooms" and sausage.   We both got sourdough bread for toast.  She loved her sour cherry preserves.  I got blueberry preserves which I actually ate -- I am not usually a preserves/jam person.   I was extra piggy [ha! I amuse myself] and got some bacon slices.  I wanted the peppered bacon but they were out. The applewood smoked bacon was tasty nonetheless.The waitress was great, helpful and attentive without being overbearing.  With coffee, tax and tip it was not quite $20 for a slightly spendy brunch that was oh so very yummy, full of good and different tastes, and very filling.  And now, I shall burp.  Excuse me.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,11/12/2010,182,276,6,7,8>I just purchased my Electra Townie from Petri Bikes and could not be happier with the experience.  I am re entering the cycling world after 2 decades of absence, and was looking for a bike that could handle my supersize, yet shrinking frame.  Don, the handlebar mustachioed Don of the establishment guided me to a few bikes that he thought would fit my needs.  Unfortunately it was raining that day and I needed to come back to try them out.  I took a brochure and commenced Internet and paper-based research.Today, the weather was fantastic and I decided to go test ride some bikes.  I arrived, and selected 3 that I would like to sample.  They opened a new box and sized me up with a helmet, and too the bikes in the back to be looked over by the tech for safety.  I proceeded to ride the bikes, including 2 of the bikes twice, for a total of about 4 miles of riding.  I then wanted to try 2 more at their other store, and drove over to Woodhaven to try those. I returned and bought the Townie, the bike that Don thought would be the best fit in the beginning.   Go figure.  He knows his products.After 30 days, they insist on having my bike back for a once over to make sure everything is properly adjusted, and even offered to pick it up for me if my new vehicle is too small to transport it.  Great service.  5 stars all the way.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,11/10/2010,39,71,1,4,4>Finally got to try Neighborhood Noodle tonight after hearing about it for weeks. You place your order the week before (Jess, the owner, puts the menu up on her site and usually makes an announcement via Twitter or Facebook), then you pick up your order the following Monday between 5 - 10 pm.The menu changes week to week, but the basics stay the same: Michigan produce, noodles, sauce. This week's menu also featured chicken sausage from local company Corridor Sausage. My order consisted of the curry noodles with a tofu puff, wontons, and the featured dessert, a Michigan Autumn Crispy Roll -- Michigan apples and brie with honey and cardamom wrapped in crispy paper-thin spring roll skin and fried golden-brown.The curry was perfectly spicy, the noodles were thick and delicious, the wontons were tasty, and the dessert crispy roll was drool worthy. I wish I would have ordered more of the dessert and froze them. Noodles, 2 orders of wontons (2 per order), and dessert for $10. I picked up my order around 6:30pm and there was a line of people hanging out in the front yard on Trumbull. Everyone was raving about the food, excited to grab their order and excited to see what Neighborhood Noodle will bring in the future. According to the Facebook Fan Page, tonight's order will be the last one for awhile, aside from a few special holiday events, until NN gets their business plan in place. If you do catch a menu, whether via a special event or them coming back to their weekly schedule, place an order at least once!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2010,11/9/2010,48,139,3,7,4>I have been to Liang's a number of times.  It's pretty tasty stuff.  The two things that I keep getting are the soy chicken and the roast pork.  Let's face it.  I don't have a sweet tooth.  I have a salt and fat tooth.  How does that pan out in my choices?The soy chicken obviously has got the salt from the soy marinade.  The fat is right there under the skin.  The gorgeous, sensuous nature of the oily mouth feel and saltiness of the soy just satisfy my salt and fat tooth so well.  It's flavorful and perfectly seasoned.  It's great without the supplied ginger sauce, which is a perfect accompaniment.  That little tang from the ginger really helps to offset the fattiness of the chicken.  Marvelous.  Come to think of it, my comments are really about the dish in general.  I think that Liang's does an excellent expression of the dish.  My Chinese friend loves it!She and I also love the porky goodness of the roast pork.  Okay, it's not Cebuano lechon, which is the pinnacle of the pork pantheon--and Anthony Bourdain rightly agrees, but it's damn good.  Crispy skin, fatty, savory, umami.  It's the whole deal--everything good about roast pork.It's a great thing to bring home a plastic bag containing those white styrofoam containers with the roast pork and the soy chicken with the aromas filling the car, but it's unfortunate that one can't eat the stuff there.  I would love for the Detroit area to have a Chinese tea house where we could have things like the roast pork, the soy chicken, and dim sum all under one roof.  I'd love to be able to eat all this stuff there, but there is no such place in this burgh--to my never-ending disappointment.
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/30/2010,11/8/2010,63,110,12,9,5>Ocean Prime is image. The whole point of the restaurant is looking good. The people are attractive, the restaurant is attractive, the food is attractive, it is preferable when coming in that you, also, are attractive. You might actually BE more attractive while on Ocean Prime's grounds, but I can't prove this yet. Regardless, it's a fine-looking establishment. Visuals are A+ all the way around. If I could make my house into Ocean Prime I'd probably do it.I took my parents here for a nice dinner, as my mom loves seafood and figured this would be a pretty good choice for the subject matter. It figures of course that we all end up with the spare ribs. How does this happen? Simply, nothing else on the menu is all that exciting. It's off-putting, also, that everything is a la carte. It'd be one thing if the a la carte items were of the same caliber of their "black truffle mac & cheese," as an example. It is worth ordering a la carte for "black truffle mac & cheese." It is not worth ordering a la carte for "broccoli."Their portions, while perhaps economically chosen by the back office, are pretty confusing to the diner. Entrees are not all that big - I hesitate to call them outright "small" but a little bit more would be nice. Desserts on the other hand, are huge. One serving of lemon cheesecake feeds two, possibly three people, and is diabetes-inducingly rich. Believe me when I tell you, I can clear a plate, but I had to pack more than half of mine up for a late-night fridge confrontation later. If it could be flipped, so that the entree is bigger and the dessert a bit smaller, that'd be great.The service is fine. It's a bit slow, it's not clear whether they're understaffed or lethargic, but getting anything taken care of takes some time. When it IS done it's sharp and polished, but basically anticipate your needs, because the staff won't do it for you. It is (slowly) reactive, not proactive.On the whole, Ocean Prime isn't bad. Take a client here and impress them, take a date here and impress them. Share a chuckle at the lounge singer covering R.E.M. and Barenaked Ladies tunes from the mid-to-late 90s, be horrified that decade's music passes for muzak now, and enjoy the ambience. Just don't come expecting a hearty meal or any kind of value proposition, because you won't find it.
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2010,11/7/2010,151,367,3,7,7>I gotta say that after five or so dates with this restaurant, I am officially in love with the food here.  Sadly, on my side of town, there is no Vietnamese food so Thuy Trang is somewhat a new discovery to me.  At first it was intrigue, then it was lust, but now its a full fledged romance with the offerings of this place.  Reasons I fell in love? Super fresh ingredients, the steaming rice and clear noodle soups and the addictive peanut sauce served with the summer rolls.  I want bottles, no actually cases of that sauce!  After trying a few different dishes, I must admit my favorite is still the large soup with clear noodles and assorted seafood (my memory is crap, I never remember the names of dishes I order).  I have officially found a new comfort food!  I also recently tried the noodle bowl with sugar cane something shrimp cakes.  The noodles were great after a healthy dose of the accompanying garlic fish sauce and the shrimp was a sweet addition to the meal.  Yet, there is so much more to try on this extensive menu....time to plan my next trip out there!
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2010,11/5/2010,51,257,5,4,5>If "Toast" were toast, it would be made of the expensive white bread variety. It would be well packaged, with a flashy name and great marketing, and entice you to spend the extra money on it. Once you got it home and out of the packaging, you'd notice that, hey, I just spent a ton of money on white bread.The sign is cool and the inside of the place was inviting, with neat decor, a couple hip waiters and cooks hanging out behind the counter. There was nothing terrible about the meal, nor was there anything inspiring, and at 9-11 bucks average per plate, plus $2.50 for coffee, I'd expect something better. We had a breakfast burrito and omelet last time, and they were alright, but I've certainly had better in the area and paid less. The extras, like challah toast, grits, and coffee, really didn't add anything worth mentioning either.Really, Toast seems to want to pull you in two directions. It wants to be your childhood's Wonder bread and your Zingerman's Jewish Rye at the same time, but ends up as something in between, edible but not exciting.Lesson learned: if you're gonna buy white bread, don't let yourself be swayed by fancy packaging. It's just gonna end up as Toast anyway.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,11/3/2010,267,274,8,15,9>I love Pizza. Let me clarify..I love NEW YORK CITY pizza. Extra thin crust blows gross Chicago Deep Dish out of the water.I lived in NYC for a while so I feel like I am pretty good pizza judge. I think there are 2 different kinds of New York Pizza. You have your: a. old style coal oven pizza (in NYC this would be your Lombardis, Grimaldi's, Di Fara...etc). you know the pizza with the delicous burnt bottom...extra crispy...YUM. I would say Michigans version of this is Tomatoes Apizzab. slice on every corner pizza place (in NYC this would be your Rays, Original Rays, Not Rays...etc etc etc etc). Extra big slices. Extra thin. Also yum. I would say Michigans version of this is New York City Pizza.HOWEVER...these are two totally different kinds of pizza. People wait hours and hours in line for Pizza A. You can basically find Pizza B on every street corner. So wow. That was a long introduction. New York City Pizza is very good for Michigan Pizza. It really is a typical slice of New York right here in Metro Detroit. Extra thin. Greasy (this is a good thing). Not too much tomato sauce. They blow all the other Pizza places in the area out of the water (well ... except for tomatoes apizza - sorry). They also have garlic knots - a typical New York Pizza place staple. They were very good. No complaints here. Garlicy, tasty and just like my old place around the corner from my Manhattan apartment used to make. The salad was nothing to write home about. I probably would not order it again. It just was nothing special. So...if I was in New York would this place be getting 4 stars? Honestly? No. In New York it would get lost among all the other slice places. Its good but not blow me away good. However...in Michigan where good thin crust pizza is few and far between their rating definitely gets bumped. Welcome to Michigan New York City Pizza. I am glad to have you around!
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2010,11/2/2010,143,110,6,14,9>This is why I love Yelp.  Janelle P posted a review of Thai Taste earlier this week, and when I saw its location (about 15 minutes from my office), I immediately made plans to go.  After a review like that, there was no way I could resist.  I've been on the search for excellent Thai for months and without a doubt, this is the most confident I have been in giving a 5-star review.My first instinct is to just second Janelle's review, but that would be tacky so I won't.I made my first trip at lunch yesterday, even though it takes me the full half hour to get there and back, and was very happily greeted when I got there.  I was amazed by the menu.  You know how some places don't have some of your favorite dishes?  This place has everything!  Larb, Apple Salad, Drunken Noodle, Curry Noodle, Woon Sen (Von Sen), Pad Cashew, Curry Fried Rice, and on and on.I took my time, trying to make the right decision, and the lady behind the counter seemed so confident in their curries that I took the plunge and went with the Gang Pak, your typical red curry dish with coconut milk, with steamed tofu (I usually get fried, but Janelle convinced me to get steamed), medium spice.  It took no time at all.  I grabbed a pack of the very tempting homemade beef jerky and hurried back to my office.  It reminded me of the first time I had Thai food and fell in love with it.  They put everything in the same container, rather than rice in a separate container, so by the time I got back to my office, the lovely curry/coconut sauce had soaked into the rice.  Yum!  The tofu was great, the sauce had outstanding flavor, the veggies were fresh and crisp and the spice level was exactly what I'd expect for a medium.  With the free spring roll (you get soup too if you dine in), it was more than enough food for my lunch and I probably could have made two meals out of it, but I didn't cause I'm a glutton for punishment.I went back today and got the Southern Thai Noodles and couldn't believe how amazing they were.  If you go, this is what I would recommend in a heartbeat.  Those noodles are crazy wide!  I got the medium plus this go around and it was nearly painful and perfect.The beef jerky is so good!  Nothing like any other jerky I've tasted.  It'll take a lot to not pick a package up every time I go, which I'm guessing will be several more times and soon!Go.  Eat delicious Thai.  Make your taste buds happy.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,11/1/2010,67,175,13,10,9>In my continuing quest to re-Yelp (almost) everything Liz W. reviews, I finally made it to Miller's Bar.  Meat:  They got mine perfect, and the beef was fantastic.  Bread: You get this instead of a fork.  It's to pick the meat up.Vegetables:  That's what you feed to the meat, while it is still walking around.People: You want more condiments? Put an onion ring on your burger.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2010,10/31/2010,103,227,3,5,3>Went to the first day of the market today, and just wanted to update.The yummy cookies from last year are from Midtown Bakery, which is located in Traffic Jam & Snug.  Odd, I know, but these are some excellent lemon sugar cookies!I bought some smoked whitefish for Dave from the jerky guy and the price was really good.The veggies aren't out yet, but it looks promising!
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2010,10/30/2010,221,215,2,4,2>I cannot recall the last time i was at the zoo. Well this time was on my second date with my now most adorable BF. I mean c'mon on the first date he brought me candy and flaming hot Cheetos. WINNER!!! Anyway back to the review! The ZOO!! OMG I LOVED IT!! It's so different going her as an adult and not having to be tethered to a classmate. The polar bears were so beautiful and I have decided i need a prairie dog!! Could those things be any cooler!! The people who we encountered that worked there were spectacular. Always smiling and just so friendly. We drank slushies and ate dippin dots and strolled thru the souvie shops. The butterfly house was by far my fav. I wish it wasn't so busy in there with people, I would have liked to soaked in more of the sites. People go to the zoo! take a date or your special someone. Take your kids!! Just go!! It was such a great date!! I want to go all the time now!! Great job Detroit Zoo! PS. Bring back the elephants!
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,10/29/2010,60,247,3,7,6>I have a knack for falling in love with TV shows that end up getting canceled.  They are high quality programs but, unfortunately, never get the ratings to survive.Now, I'm smitten with a Chinese restaurant and I hope it doesn't meet the same fate.  The restaurant, Trizest, specializes in "spicy Chinese Sichuan food."  There are lots of old favorites like General's Chicken, Mongolian Beef and so on.  My wife ordered very good renditions of Sesame Chicken and Vegetable Chow Mein.What makes Trizest special, though, is unusual things. For example, they have "unique vegetarian dishes," which are made with soy bean, wheat and rice protein.  As a vegetarian, I would appreciate such food even if it weren't great.  But it is great, so great that I ordered different dishes two days in a row.  The sauces are thin and flavorful, the vegetables perfectly cooked, the protein soft and sensual.Trizest also has a special page of "authentic Chinese dishes," out of the ordinary fare like Cumin Lamb, Fish with Pickled Vegetable and Gong Bao Squid.Unlike many Chinese restaurants, Trizest has been filled with Chinese diners each time I have visited.  The atmosphere is convivial and warm.  The staff is friendly and efficient.Despite having ordered only two meals from them, Trizest has moved into my top five Chinese restaurants of all time.  I would not be surprised if it eventually becomes number one.  I'm hoping that it's not a dream and it has a long, healthy existence in Sterling Heights.
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,10/28/2010,87,19,3,13,6>If my husband and I are downtown during the week between 4:30 and 6:30 we HAVE to hit the Cocktail Hour. I mean, we've tried not to, but we can't. The food is too good and the price can't be beat.Typically we order a roast burger each, mac 'n cheese, fries, and either the stuffed sausage, the chicken livers, or the beast of the day tacos. Yep, pretty much the whole menu. The burger is the best $3 burger you'll ever sink your teeth into. In fact, I'd pay eight bucks for this thing easily. An English muffin with a 5-ounce burger topped with cheese, bacon and a fried egg. No condiments needed. The mac 'n cheese is made with goat cheese and topped with breadcrumbs. It's good but it's not ahh-maze-ing. It's a good side item to round out your meal. I may be a bit biased here because I like baked mac 'n cheese with a good ole topping of cheese on top. You know, so it gets a bit brown and crispy.The rosemary fries are full of awesome. The house made ketchup has a nice tang but you can get normal old Heinz too.The bartender, whose name I always forget to catch, has always been awesome to us. We usually go between 4pm & 4:30 to nab a good seat.
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,10/27/2010,79,74,10,11,8>I can relate Sushi Town to loving my girlfriend (just don't tell her I made this analogy) : will I love her all the time even if she isn't dressed up, with her fanciest clothes on, or if she hasn't done her hair and makeup all up, and the answer is, of course. If you can see past the exterior of something to see the true beaty of it, then thats love, and I love Sushi Town (and my girlfriend of course).Sushi Town today remains to be one of my favorite sushi restaurants. It's not because it's the most elegant culinary experience, because if thats what you're looking for, you won't find it here, as it is located right next door to a hardware shop. Trust me when I say this though, never judge a book by its cover. The location is optimal when walking around campus; its just slightly south of the busy State/Packard intersection. I would often walk there when it was nice out, since I used to live only a couple blocks away (oh, how I miss that now). Like stated in previous reviews, the owners are some of the sweetest/nicest people I've encountered on any of my food endevours. The prices of the sushi there may be some of the least expensive that I've come across in A2, but that doesn't mean the qualiy and taste is relative to that. The rolls are super tasty. The spicy tuna there is one of my favorite spicy tunas; the spicy sauce they put on top will light your mouth up like the Halley's Comet, the way it should be of course. I've tried some of their nigiri before, and although the prices will have me coming back for more of their nigiri, it wasn't the best quality fish I've ever had, but thats ok, because it is still tasty. All-in-all, I wish I still lived closer to Sushi Town, because there wasn't anything better than making the short walk down there on a beautiful summer night on an empty stomach, then sprinting back to your apartment like Usain Bolt because you are starving hungry and can't wait to mow down that sushi. THE END
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,10/26/2010,68,72,5,11,6>+1 for serving until 3am!+1 Faygo cream soda+1 customer service that really strives to do things right+1 for introducing me to the only olive I'll ever love: kalamataI ordered a large Mega-Mediterranean with chicken.  I've always hated olives, black or green, and noticed they were on the pizza after I had already placed my order; no big whoop, I'll pick em off, right?  I was so damn hungry by the time I got the pizza home that I wound up eating a slice regardless of the olive party banging away on top- much to my surprise, the olives were delicious!  Apparently kalamata olives don't taste like crap the way most black/green olives do.Gripes:1. They said that delivery from their Royal Oak location to Ferndale would take over an hour; how is this even possible when I can drive to Ann Arbor in less time?  I opted to pick up, cuz I'm a hungry girl.2. It still took me almost an hour to pick up, because I kept passing by the location.  No street signage, so when it's nighttime be on the lookout and drive slowly.Major Props:1. I ordered a large, but they "were out of large pizza dough".  I wasn't told this on the phone- instead, I found out when I arrived and they gave me 2 pizzas, one medium + one small.  (So.... you can't COMBINE pizza dough and make one large? )  I was actually really pleased that I got a medium regular crust and a small thin crust-  it allowed me to try the two different types, and I probably got more pizza than the large would have provided.  Also- they threw in a 2 liter of Faygo Cream Soda for free for all my trouble.  Awesome customer service! The entire pizza was delicious, from crust to toppings.  If they delivered to Ferndale without stipulation, I'd probably already have ordered again (I definitely want to try their pulled pork pizza).
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2010,10/25/2010,48,55,3,6,5>Brave is the only word that can be used to honor the people who own this new deli. The location has been plagued with shutting down businesses. It has been through a party store, and two deli's similar Sicilian. Hats off to them though as I can never pass up a big Italian sub on the cheap.      The place is nothing to look at. Just a crappy little shop in a 3 unit strip mall that shares a space with a tanning salon, and a parking lot with an Italilan bakery (the irony in 2 Italian food joints and a tanning salon eh). The lay out is similar to the big name sub shops, order here, pick up there type deal. I don't even know why I am explaining this, it is a crap shop, in a crap city, but their Mama Jose's Prosciutto is the truth. It is comparable to Gonella's or Alcamo's, with the same bread and meats. I think the average price for subs was between 5-7, and they are stacked pretty fat, and clock in around 10-12 inches. They seem to have specials of the day too. The day I went it was pulled pork. I can't make any claims on it though as I got the prosciutto, and will probably always get the prosciutto. Here's hoping this place can just stay open!
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2010,10/24/2010,203,236,3,5,2>When I found out this place was in some way affiliated with Bacco, I knew I had to try it, and boy was it nice! Complimentary Valet as soon as you enter the parking lot, followed by your choice of in or outdoor seating. The dining room was full and yet they managed to seat us in at a nice table near the center of the room. I had the Margherita Pizza with bacon, pepperoni, and onions. My friend had the Zucchini Pizza with fresh basil. Both of our pizzas were delicious!! We each only had a small slice left (it was just that good, and thin enough to where you don't feel bad about it). The wine is served by the bottle or Qr, (which is about two glasses of wine) or 1/2 a Qr  (one glass) and is top notch! I can't wait to come back to this new Southfield Gem.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/5/2010,10/23/2010,125,326,9,11,9>First Monday back from the holiday break and we were right back to the age-old, "Where are we going for lunch?" question?  Well, the ROTD on Sunday was for Jaws Jumbo Burgers- so I figured that would be a fine suggestion.We work in Southfield, so Jaws is a little further than we normally venture for lunch - but not ridiculously so.  We were the only ones in the joint at this time, which was okay by me since I hate fighting for a table - but made me a little nervous b/c super-yummy places usually have super-long lunch lines.  Whatever- maybe New Years Resolutions weren't being broken yet.Panic set in when we saw the Cash Only sign - but everyone checked their wallet and amazingly had cash.  That never happens.  The lady working behind the counter asked if it was our first time and gave us a VERY thorough description of how things work, what the menu consisted of, and the days specials.  Mondays you can get a 1/3 lb ground sirloin hamburger, fries and a pop for $5.75; that's $6.10 with tax.  Not too shabby.The burgers were finished pretty quickly- with some hot fries on the side.  I appreciate the use of ground sirloin, and was pleasantly surprised that the burger was still pretty juicy.  Condiments were good - I really liked the grilled onions.  The burger was pretty messy, but I guess that's half the fun.  I was VERY stuffed after this meal.  It didn't help that the pop cups are large and I like to drink fountain Coke. :)  We got a chocolate cookie to share in the office later- and that was also pretty good.  I don't know if it was $2.75 good, but it wasn't bad.The staff were fantastic, they made sure we were satisfied and were very friendly to boot.  The shark fish in the tank were pretty cool.  The 5 TV's in the little space was kind of funny - but was unfortunately playing the Mummy 2.  I DID NOT know that on my own, I had to be told that.  I wish something else had been playing.  The Jay Leno burger thing and all of the Jay Leno hype was kind of amusing.  Did they decide to do this because the business is named Jaws and Jay Leno has a big jaw?  I don't know.I would have no problems coming back, but I don't think it will be part of our regular lunch rotation.  Maybe if it were a smidge closer to our office???... I don't know.  After I came back I checked out their website and saw that this is actually a training store and that they are trying to get people to start Jaws franchises.  I thought that was interesting. Good luck to them.Late edit: I forgot to mention the bathrooms- Man have I lost my touch.  So, the bathroom is one singular - being male/female usage.  Ususally that idea really bothers me, but this place was so clean and constantly being cleaned around us - so I was okay with it.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2010,10/22/2010,83,91,7,5,4>Made my liver quiver with joy.... made my future children "jerkier" and I licked my fingers clean....Seriously, this place is stellar. Whoever is behind that wall, making my jerk chicken, should be honored by all. And the woman in front, cooking my fried plantains (!!!) was a gosh darn delight. The whole experience was amazing.The place is small and so it's next to impossible to ignore anyone around you, so we all talked and watched Jeopardy and ate some damn good food. But don't be fooled by the exterior (or interior), this place is a gold mine for your mouth. Did I mention the fried plantains? They were perfect. Forget Cafe Habana for the plantains. Come here. I'm going back. I need another hit.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2010,10/21/2010,55,85,3,8,6>The recently opened Lockhart's brings Texas style BBQ to Royal Oak.  And it's good. The renovated building is bright and airy. Huge windows separated by rows of paint splattered exposed brick, provide a view of downtown Royal Oak while the open kitchen reveals the smoker and busy staff.After calling ahead for a table, our party was seated right on time. We chose Burnt Ends as an app, and they were amazing.  Double rubbed and double smoked, these rib tips had an intense natural smokiness that was addictive--call it crack for carnivores. These are a must-try, and go great with one of the almost dozen Michigan craft brews on tap.  We chose the Arcadia Rye IPA, which was hoppy with a nice smooth finish, and none of the metallic taste you sometimes get with an IPA. Deciding on dinner was a tough one.  Ribs or brisket? Pork or beef? Chicken?--not this time.  Luckily, there's plenty of combo options.  I had the pork ribs with smoked brisket.  Ribs come slightly charred, with a good helping of dry rub. This is not "fall off the bone" style of ribs. You've got to work at it a bit, but it's well worth the effort. And what about the brisket? Smokey comfort food heaven. The definitive smoke ring at the edge of the meat tells you this is the real deal. Of the four sauce choices, Lockhart's signature sauce was a consensus favorite. Other dishes at our table included pork ribs with housemade sausage, and with pulled pork. The sausage, seen hanging in front of the kitchen, was delicious, with a flavorful combo of spice and heat. The pulled pork had a nice flavor profile as well.Sides-- the mac & cheese is excellent. Creamy with a nice crust. Sweet potato fries--one of the few non homemade items, were tasty and not soggy. The coleslaw was first rate, and the hush puppies-- I could sit down and eat a plate full of these moist tots of fried cornbread.Other entrée options include Fried Catfish; Mac-n-Cheese Shepherd's Pie--smoked brisket with onions and a zesty sauce topped with mac-n-cheese; and a House sandwich fittingly called Quadruple Bypass-- a one-pound combination of pulled pork, smoked bacon, smoked sausage, smoked ham & smoked cheddar. Hopefully they have a cardiac tech on hand for folks who attempt to eat the whole thing.If you've saved room for dessert, try the Dr. Pepper chocolate cake--a generous serving of layer cake that is rich, moist and delicious. Other sure bets include the house made lemon cake, and pecan pie.
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2010,10/20/2010,56,309,3,6,5>Maybe it was the hunger, maybe my company, maybe the atmosphere, but I liked this place, even though I was thinking it was going to be a little too Royal Oaky.  Walking in, it was Tango night, so there was a lovely couple cutting it up in a way I will never be able to.  We sat on the porch, which was quiet and uncrammed, unlike most outdoor cafes in summer. I had to try the Sangria, and it was pretty good.  Our waitress was just amazingly friendly and accomodating.  Our choices were #1, #4, #11, #25, and #30.   Roughly translated, salt, meat, cheese, avocado, chicken, and spinach.  #1:  A sodium festival.  Marinated but yummy. #4:  A great combination of avocado, chicken, raisins, and some unidentifiable ingredients. #11:  Chorizo looked too much like blood sausage but my friend loved it. I couldn't do it. #25:  leave out.  Chicken with wine sauce.#30:  Yum.  Spinach, pine nuts, and something sweet made it great with the phyllo dough. I felt slightly bad when our waitress returned and #25 was uneaten. She asked why, and I told her that it tasted like chicken with Franco American gravy on top (not a ringing endorsement).    She promptly offered to bring something else and was really interested in why I didn't like it, as she likes to be able to recommend different things.    She then proceeded to take it off our bill!  What a pleasant surprise!Definitely go and get your inner Tapas on.  You will enjoy it.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,10/19/2010,70,153,11,13,11>After months of anticipation, I finally pulled open the door of this mystical place and was instantly enveloped in a cloud of yummy, spice-infused air so thick it's almost edible.  Giddy, I alighted at a table and was amused and taken aback by our waiter, who freely answered phone calls as he took our order.  While waiting, I spied stacks of Styrofoam dishes in the corner (thank you fellow Yelpers!) I knew to go and fetch.Then it began. Various passers-by began to nonchalantly toss food onto our table, sporadically, as if an afterthought. Now, we had ordered up a few extra things to try, figuring with the dirt-cheap prices the portions would be small.  HAH!  The chicken 65 "appetizer" alone was enough to fill us up!  Huge $1.25 lassis?  Dosa?  Before we knew it our table was covered in feast.Then we delved. It was like mini versions of us climbed onto the edges, then belly-flopped with glee into divine bowls of perfection!  The dal was the best I've ever had, the dosa was delicious.  I always bitch about malai kofta sauces being too bland, well here it was rich, layered, and sublime.  Spices were mingling, tingling, pirouetting in our mouths.  Some tastes stayed strong, while others would fade away so new ones could come forth..all in the same bite!  All these rave reviews do not lie, folks...they have got the goods.  When they sat Uncle Butch's chicken curry down though, I heard in my head a crash of thunder, as I knew the gauntlet had been thrown.  I took in the foreboding reddish-brown swirls, knowing this dish was a dangerous liaison, far hotter than the orangey varieties I have seen him polish off before.  Would he?  Could he?Sadly, I sat helpless on the long drive home as my poor love was slowly vanquished by this powerful dish.  Let us say that our pleasant conversation dissolved into desperate, cold-sweat-laden pleas and curses as we rocketed home to the loo.  Poor thing. The food?  Many stars. The massive Styrofoam usage and some across the board cleanliness issues detract a tad.  I found the unconventional setup and service quite fun, and can't wait to try the buffet!   Tomorrow will be day three of our feast, an amazing value for the dough.  Flavors so enticing that my beau can't keep away from the curry leftovers, playing with fire.   Their mastery of the complex art that is east Indian cooking stands alone, and if I lived nearby this temple of taste I would be a happy, curry-infused behemoth.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,10/18/2010,200,255,6,8,8>El Paisa is located in the parking lot of Sam's Supermercado (yelp.com/biz/sams-superm).I got two tacos - al pastor and carne asada.  I made the mistake of getting everything to go, meaning the tacos were wrapped in a foil packet, the grilled onions and half a grilled jalapeno were in another foil packet, and the sliced raw radishes and lime were in yet another foil packet.  Cups of red and green salsas were also carefully tucked in the bag.I really liked the tacos.  I thought the carne asada was a little tough, though, and liked the pastor better (the flavor was really good too).  The cilantro was fresh and the flavor really shone.  In the three trucks that we stopped at that day, El Paisa's cilantro packed the biggest punch, which is a very good thing in my book... I'm a cilantro fiend.  I also liked that the raw onions were very finely chopped.  I usually HATE raw onions, but these finely chopped onions added just the right amount of bite.As for the salsas, I thought I'd like the green better but ended up enjoying the spiciness of the red more.  Well, it wasn't that spicy but it had a bit of heat to it (kinda like a mild-medium), which was much needed, since everything else was pretty mild, including the grilled jalapeno.  When I bit into it, I thought it was a green pepper in the shape and size of a jalapeno.For $1.25 a taco, I got a decent amount of food and would be able to make a meal out of 3-4 tacos.  Mmm... tacos... :)
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2010,10/17/2010,188,247,4,9,5>I've heard so much about El Palenque so I was finally excited to find it sitting on a corner in Mexican town. We ordered about 10 different tacos to try. These were all standard Mexican tacos with various forms of protein,. onions, and cilantro. Their pollo was exceptional, asada good, but had some gristle, and cabeza was succulent and tender. The big turn-off for me is the 3" corn tortillas. These are really to small to handle. It's become pretty much standard for me I'll return to the trucks that serve the 4" and not return to the trucks that serve 3". The salsa that was available was tasty and definitely had a nice bite to it. They already have a large clientele so the food is fresh and the service is very friendly. So yes, El Palenque is a good truck, but it's not what I'm looking for.
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,10/16/2010,33,105,3,8,6>If I had to describe Pinwheel Bakery in one word it would be: YUM. Luckily, Yelp allows for much more than one word in a review. Friend and yelper Sarah G. took me to Pinwheel following brunch and I was not disappointed. I think the best part about this bakery is the mini cookies. You can buy mini cookies by the pound, so I was able to sample many different varieties. You know that I didn't stop there with my order, however. There were so many things that looked delicious that it was nearly impossible to choose, so in addition to the cookies, I also came home with a cinnamon roll and a lime coconut bar. Yelper TJ recommended the cinnamon roll and I couldn't have been happier with it. I tried to save half for my husband to try, but he only got a few bites. This didn't surprise him, though he did want more. I walked away with a very satisfied sweet tooth and a strong desire to go down my mental list and try more baked goods at Pinwheel next time I am in the Ferndale area. Do yourself a favor and stop by!
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,10/15/2010,45,283,4,6,4>We found in Frank's the breakfast place we've been longing for since leaving Champaign in 2007.  Don't get me wrong - I love me some fancy brunch.  I love foofy champagne drinks, big plates of delicious food, and bottomless cups of fantastic coffee.  But there's a special place in my heart - and, by extension, my arteries - for a place like Frank's.You see, most Saturdays I just want to roll out of bed, have a cup of coffee, and eat something solid.  Some Saturdays I might be hung over and in need of a greasy breakfast.  Some Saturdays I want to linger over a cup of coffee and work on the crossword.  Frank's gives me all of these options.Frank's also offers the best damned diner French toast - which is an entirely different animal than the stuff at Zingerman's or Beezy's - we've had in a long time. Seriously, this toast is a magical concoction, filled with rainbows and fairy dust - er, a magical concoction involving what appears to be pancake batter for extra deliciousness.  I can also vouch for the tastiness of their omelettes, though let's just not talk about the coffee.  It's what you'd expect from a diner.  We debated sneaking in coffee from Comet, but thought better of it at the last minute.If you want a tasty breakfast served by nice folks, Frank's is your place.  If you want a fancy breakfast served by fancy people who may or may not be nice, or who may charge you $10 for bacon, eggs, and toast, there are lots of other options nearby.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,10/14/2010,164,52,6,9,6>There's a reason there's always a god-awful line stretching out to eternity at lunchtime at Le Dog...because it's delicious.  For a quick bite that fills you up without emptying your wallet, this is my go-to place.  The hot dogs are respectable but not out of this world.  Of course, I've never really had a hot dog that I could say was exponentially better than the rest.Two things makes this place an Ann Arbor institution - the service and the soups.  The staff and owners are some of the friendliest, caring people you'll meet.  If you just swing by to try it out, that might not be readily apparent, but Le Dog has textbook definition regulars and the interactions I've seen and are starting to become accustom to can really make a person's day.  But OMG the soups...particularly Friday Lobster Bisque.  They're all just divine.  I'm a soup addict and there's always a variety, some classics, and new types that perk my curiosity.  You can't find these combinations in the grocery soup aisle - even with their 284,149 varieties (and, of course, this tastes better than any can but that goes without saying).  The food is made with love and attention to quality.  I've never had a better Lobster Bisque - and it's always gone quickly each Friday.A few things to note for those who want to try it out (and everyone should!).  First, it's cash only, so bring along a Hamilton (or two honest Abe's) and you'll be golden.  Second, they're only open during lunch hours.  Lastly, there are TWO locations - one in the "shed" on Liberty and one at 306 S Main (inside the shop corridor).  I've found, especially on Friday's, it's worth a walk of another 1.5 blocks for a shorter line.  But, mind you, there WILL be a line.  And you will find me in it...without complaint.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,10/13/2010,99,529,4,9,9>I'm upgrading my four-star rating to five stars because we've gone to Jake's multiple times and have been extremely happy with the service each and every time. The most recent visit was actually today, when I took my car in for a 95,000 mile checkup. They called within an hour of dropping it off to tell me what they found and what needed to be done, explaining everything in detail--not just giving me a total. I even asked to have something extra done (check my A/C) and his first question was "Is it working?" I said it was working fine--so they told me "If it's not broke, don't fix it." And went on to tell me that they COULD check it but it's best not to mess with it unless something was obviously wrong. Kudos to them for being honest. I can imagine other places just going ahead with the service without a second thought. It's honest service like that that keeps us coming back with both of our cars!
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,10/12/2010,52,140,6,9,8>This is certainly "as good as it gets" when it comes to traditional American steakhouses. This restaurant reminds me of trips "downstate" with my parents when I was a kid in the 80s and that's a very good thing. I'm a big fan of Michigan steak houses that look like they haven't changed their decor since 1978--well, I'm a big fan as long as the food's good. And Knight's totally delivers!Everything I've ever gotten at Knight's has been excellent. This is definitely "the" place to get steak in Ann Arbor. Also, our service has always been spectacular. They make drinks like they should be made, meaning my G&T tastes more like G and less like T. "Eclectic" and "fusion" have nothing to do with this place, so if that's what you're looking for steer clear. Meat and potatoes, my friends. But if you're looking for straight-up, no-frills good food then this is your joint. Word to the wise: they are consistently slammed on weekends, so I highly recommend calling ahead.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,10/11/2010,252,310,2,6,6>I partied here with a big group of my friends on Halloween, Saturday night this year, and was pleasantly impressed. It's a great crowd of pretty cool people - it seems that more and more people that want something different and more down to earth than Royal Oak are going the extra 2 miles to 9 mile, Ferndale! The bartenders were friendly and laid-back, the clientele was mostly suburbanite, friendly, and some hipsters. It's a down-to-earth kind of place - not prententious or anything. It's got everything you'd want in a Friday-Saturday hang out - 1. A good bar with decent prices and friendly bartenders, and a couple TVs in case there's a Detroit team stinkin' it up 2.) a game room with a couple of arcades and pool tables off to the side, 3.) a moderate sized dance floor with a good DJ and a "catwalk" for if you're hot and wanna show your moves to the whole crowd, and 4.) a few booths that do not require "VIP" status to rest your rump.This place observed the "Fall Back" Daylight Savings Time on Saturday night and gave patrons the extra hour to party and buy drinks, while nearby bars didn't. So that was definitely a plus too. I think this is a great place to enjoy a night when you want a nice semi-clubby, hometown sports-bar & game room type venue, and would like to have fun without having to get all dressed up. I would go back. Keep it mind, it's a medium-small location, which makes for a more intimate experience in my opinion.
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,10/10/2010,44,77,4,5,5>The best time to go here is for a late lunch. The snooty crowd isn't there, in fact, I was there on Monday and there was one other person in there that was not an employee. The potato leek soup is on point, the corned beef melt is fantastic, and the service we had was outstanding.  The corned beef melt is unlike any other corned beef sandwich I have ever had.  Instead of sauerkraut on it, there is this tasty red cabbage slaw and a spicy aioli instead of thousand island.  We ordered calimari as an appetizer,  but our server came back to tell us that the chef didn't want to serve it because he was throwing it out: he thought it didn't smell right. Sean O'Callaghan's bought us a different appetizer, so we got the Scotch egg. Sausage wrapped hard boiled egg with Guinness mustard: I was in heaven!Again: GO FOR LUNCH. I cannot stress this enough, dinner isn't as good.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2009,10/8/2010,297,101,4,13,7>This place has gone through a few owners in the past ten years, but the current owners seem to finally have found the place's stride. It's one of the better coffee houses on the east side and hearkens back to the days of yore when coffee houses were places for artists, musicians, thinkers, socialites, students, and other neat people to hang out. Those who love chain places and order drinks with more than four words in the title need not apply.The owners actually care about coffee, and understand different varietals and how and where they're grown. Still, they don't even bring it up if you don't--avoiding the pretension found in many other boutique coffee houses. This is a place where guys like my Vietnam vet-era dad are comfortable going to get a cup of coffee, yet it maintains enough sophistication to cater to those of us with slightly more upscale tastes.The decor is comfortably, home-y, and slightly eclectic.  If a weird, cross-dressing mannequin and various old band posters don't bother you, then you'll fit in just fine here. The sandwiches are really, really good: For your lunchtime $8 you're better off coming here by a longshot than any chain sandwich or fast food place. Everything is homemade on the spot, and include a variety of deli sandwiches and panini-style meals. I have yet to have a mediocre or bad meal here.The prices are excellent, the coffee is great, the food is wonderful, there's free, open WiFi, and plenty of power outlets. It's big enough to sit somewhere privately in a corner and not be disturbed, and versatile enough to bring a big group to. What's not to love?If they marketed this place better, it could really take off. Maybe, though, that would be a bad thing. I like it just the way it is.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,10/7/2010,142,231,5,13,5>It says something about a gym that brings me back as a member after canceling my membership.  This place has it all:  tennis courts, racquetball courts, full gym with running track, Olympic sized pool, exercise classes, tanning, massages...etc.   Let's get one thing straight.  I HATE to exercise.   Absolutely hate it.  My idea of a good time does not involve crying in pain, hyperventilating, and sweating like a stuck Irish pig.  So for me to go anywhere near a place where exercise is required is like issuing me a prison sentence.I originally joined the DRHC because I had 'vacation motivation' and needed to fit into a bathing suit.   I stayed pretty dedicated to my original cause, and I looked great on the vacation.   After it was over, my commitment to the gym started to dwindle until I realized it was a waste of money paying dues for something I never used.   So I quit.Fast forward about a year, I had severe withdrawals over the DRHC.   I missed being able to go play racquetball for an hour, or go swimming in the middle of February, or hop on the treadmill.   I don't have another vacation planned for a while, so why would I feel this way?   One of the major things I can tell you that works for this club are the people.   Not just the staff (who are incredibly friendly and helpful), but it's the other people who are members.    I get intimidated by the Lifetime Fitness crowd.   You know the kind...they wear spandex and have six pack abs and year-round tans.  I'm a sweats and t-shirt kind of girl and I feel way more comfortable at Average Joes vs, Globogym.    These are normal people just doing their thing.   We're all in the trenches together, trying to lose a few of the holiday pounds before it becomes bathing suit season again.   And it's comforting to be around such normalcy.  Also, membership is cheap!   $50/month for a couple!   So you get all of the benefits of a major fitness facility, but with much lower membership fees.   So for someone who hates to exercise, and does it strictly out of necessity, this is a great place because there's plenty of variety, and it won't break the bank account.    Within the last couple of years, the DRHC renovated their entire facility so the equipment is new, the locker rooms are extremely clean, and the club looks fresh and modern.   So after a year and change, we decided to re-join.   And I'm so happy I did.   I don't go as much as I should, but who does?
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,10/6/2010,223,265,5,7,6>Meatless Joe==========If I only had 3 syllables in which to recommend Casey's it would beMEATLESS JOE.For years, I've gone to Casey's and always gotten something meaty-licious, rarely straying from the burger and always perfect fries. I never looked twice at the meatless joe.  I have seen the error of my ways.  First of all it's served over grilled cheddar-corn bread and how can you go wrong from there (udeon jamaica meat patty excepted)?As Casey's says:lentils, rice & red beans in a tangy tomato sauce, served over grilled cheddar-corn bread. side of fresh fruit too I was thinking that fries would be good with that ... but it's a huge dish and the little side of fruit is a great finish; and who doesn't love a great finish?  --- Meatless Al
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2010,10/5/2010,192,175,5,6,6>Synonymous with Detroit Style Pizza. I have frequented this location many times over the past 5 years because it's right around the corner from where I work. Regardless of day or time they are always busy. They do have a clown on Wednesdays, and yes, it creeps me out though she seems pleasant enough. Why can't they just have a magician like Robin Rouge? That would be less terrifying. Though, they do have an arcade video game machine in the lobby that has Ms. Pacman on it. I heart Ms. Pacman! Buddy's offers almost every topping known to mankind but adding them to a pizza can get pricy, but who else offers carrots? Plus they use WI Brick Cheese which is rock-your-world fabulous. They also have a huge list of specialty pizzas and offer two different sauces and a gluten free crust. I can attest to their Caesar Salad as being pretty darn good and served with a lemon which added an exciting twist. My most recent pizza had spinach, feta, and pineapple (they offer sliced and diced!) on it and it was perfect. I split an 8 slice pizza with my friend so essentially it was two 4 slice pizzas. I know many who claim that to be a huge feat to accomplish but I think I usually average a 4 slice pizza when I dine at Buddy's. They also serve a basket of fresh rolls when dining inside the restaurant. I might pass on the garlic bread with cheese--I remember it being just okay. For those not into the pizza scene--which there are a few out there--they do also serve pasta dishes (amazing macaroni and cheese!), burgers, salads, etc. and also importantly, a full bar with three different sizes of draught beer. Check their website for coupons!
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,10/4/2010,80,187,,7,4>Coming from Southern California I am very sad to not have as many patio choices here in Michigan. I understand that the patio doesn't get used for about half the year making it unpractical to devote the space for it. Well thank goodness there are places like Cafe Via to give me my outdoor warm sun fix.  We were seated in the patio that is covered enough so that you don't have to be in direct sunlight. There were multiple servers covering the area as well as a runner to bring out food and clear tables. The crab cake appetizer with a corn salad was ridiculously good. I always think of overly breaded crab cakes with barely any crab when I think about crab cake. I don't know why - just from reading about others bad experiences I guess. Well every time I have good crab cakes, I'm always amazed at how good it is! Usually appetizers come with a side that is supposed to compliment but almost always falls flat - this was not the case with the fresh corn salad. It was light and crispy and had a hint of tangy from vinegar that made it a perfect contrast to the crab cake.The chocolate creme brûlée was the special dessert of the night, once I heard that I knew I needed to save room for dessert! It did not disappoint either. I have always been a chocolate cake fan - but I think I have been converted to team cream brûlée. The prices are a little on the higher side - but well worth it! The perfect place to have dinner or lunch before going to the movies.
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2010,10/3/2010,101,180,2,3,3>3 stars for food, 1.5, maybe 2 for service.Dill pickle soup was surprisingly tasty, it being my first experience with such a thing.I ordered the combination plate which consisted of kielbasa and kraut, a potato pancake, 2 pierogies and a crepe.The kielbasa was pretty flavorful, the potato pancake, while not close to as delicious as my grandma has made, wasn't awful.  The pierogies were a bit of a disappointment, one was sauerkraut and one was potato, and they just really lacked in flavor.  The crepe was nowhere as thin as a typical crepe and a little dry.  Originally instead of the potato pancake I was supposed to get stuffed cabbage but I asked if I could substitute, and the waitress forgot, so underneath my potato pancake was the sauce from the stuffed cabbage that had just been taken off the plate.Service was not completely horrid but could definitely use some improvement.  I stood waiting for over 5 minutes just waiting for someone to come seat me, and it was almost 10 minutes before the waitress came over to bring us water.  Not once did she check to see how we liked our meal, and actually said "oh, good!" when we asked for another moment to peruse the menu.A bit of a disappointment considering my love for all things Polish.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,10/2/2010,182,168,5,13,7>I think I've passed by this place a million times and I've always wanted to try it, so I'm glad my bf and I decided to venture into it one lazy saturday night. The interior is dimly lit and very comfortable... kind of reminds me of the inside of Kim's (Troy) or Peking House (Royal Oak), but smaller square footage and more homey. It's definitely run by a cute Chinese family who are all very nice and enthusiastic, especially the mom! (I may be partial since she called me PURRTY! lol jk)Their soups came in nice big soup bowls (not those dinky cup sizes) and their wantons in the wanton soup were definitely fresh. You could tell from the soft texture of the dough; it wasn't hard and rubbery like all other Chinese places I've been to. And the meat in each wanton was plentiful too. Plus they gave the fried wanton strips, which I personally love dipping in some sweet n sour or duck sauce. I ordered the Mongolian Beef extra spicy (which I later regretted since it was wayyy too spicy even for my indian taste buds) and my bf ordered the General Tsao's Chicken which was made with really good white meat chicken and an awesome spicy/sweet sauce. And we couldn't get enough of their egg rolls! Just fabulous!This is as good as greasy Chinese gets people. Ya gotta go here!
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2010,10/1/2010,68,67,5,6,4>After reading the positive reviews, I decided to have my birthday dinner here. I had made a 7 o'clock dinner reservation, but my love and I found ourselves to be rather peckish by 5 o'clock, so we decided to arrive early.We were seated in the dining area parallel to the bar. Our server came by, introduced himself and took our drink orders. I was disappointed that the drink specials advertised in front of the restaurant were only for the bar--I guess I hadn't read the chalk board closely enough. I opted for water, deciding to grab that $5 margarita after dinner if I was still up for it.There were too many options to choose from, so we had quite a time deciding what to order for dinner. We knew we wanted to start with the crab cakes, so we put in our order and munched on the complimentary bread while we perused the menu.The bread was pretty good. I know, after all of the reviews saying that the bread is "addicting," I say, "pretty good"? Okay--It was freshly out of the oven, lightly brushed with olive oil, slightly salted and covered with poppy seeds. The consistency of the bread put me in mind of freshly-made bagels. So, fine, the bread was delicious, and adding butter would've been an affront to mankind, but . . . I love bread for being bread. Their bread roll was maybe too savory for me. Just call me a Plain Jane, I guess. My sweetheart loved it, though. He rarely enjoys pre-dinner bread, but he gladly ate his share and eyed my portion, too.After we put in our orders, the crab cakes arrived. These were probably the best crab cakes I've ever had. The crab cakes were soft and moist with juicy chunks of crab meat and little to no bread filling. The dipping sauce was the perfect touch. It also came with a small fruit medley topped with a poppy seed dressing, which was also very nice. I wish we'd ordered more than one plate.The server came by to take the plate and wondered if we would like another roll of bread. Why, yes, we would! He came by with another roll, which we gobbled up while we waited for our house salads to come out.I chose the house salad with the house dressing (a honey, Dijon mustard vinaigrette, I think?), which I really enjoyed. It was a lovely break from the usual salad dressing offerings of Italian or ranch. My darling decided to add goat cheese to his salad, so I assume you can custom make any kind of salad you desire.After our salad plates had been cleared away, the main entrees arrived. I'd ordered potato encrusted salmon and my love got the stuffed flounder. I stared at my plate in mild confusion because it looked like a steamed fillet of salmon topped with hash browns . . . and it was. I decided to taste it, and it was all right, not spectacular. Despite the dish not being what I'd imagined, I wasn't in the mood to kick up a fuss and/or send it back to the kitchen. We shared our entrees with one another, so that I wasn't stuck with entire plate steamed salmon and hash browns. My love's entree was rich and delicious. My darling asked the server if they did anything special for birthdays since it was my birthday, and the server replied in the positive. A few minutes later, he arrived with a birthday sundae complete with a candle on top! Of course, I had to pose prettily for pictures before blowing out the candle.I would give the service 3 stars. Our server seemed kind of put-out. I hate reading reviews complaining about servers being less than jovial, but it really seemed like he wasn't into it--at least with us. A couple of regulars got seated next to us, and he sat down with them, chatted them up and took their order in such a manner that I wondered if one had to be a regular to get that kind of friendly, down-to-earth service. Well, at least he kept my water cup full.The ambiance of the restaurant gets 3.5 stars. I feel it could be a little more upscale if my entree is going to average around $18-$20. I do like that you can draw on your tabletop with crayons. My sweetheart drew a very cute "Happy Birthday" to me on it, which I decorated with flowers and mini stick figures of ourselves with the exact outfits we were wearing. My inner child was clapping with glee.I would give the food 4 stars. Just be careful with what you order, and listen to the keywords from your server. Our server said the entree I ordered was "less rich" than my partner's. In my head, that meant "less calories," not "less flavor." Overall, I'll give them another chance or two because I think I just ordered the wrong thing, and it looks like they have great happy hour specials at the bar.
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2010,9/30/2010,215,177,1,6,6>Huzzah, another record store in Detroit proper! If you're looking for rock, soul, gospel, funk, jazz...hell, even minimalist (I found a copy of Reich's "Tehillim") vinyl and are open to having the proprietor bend your ear about old and odd nuggets, this is your little corner of heaven. There are lots of mainstream items to be found, as they are the bread and butter of used record stores; but you will also be certain to stumble upon some rarities, and stuff you've heard mentioned in a whisper on the internet and now the album is actually in your hands. You know it's fate...you must buy it!We are so lucky Wade finally has his own store (he co-owns it, actually)! He's another one of those rare music mavens that I seek out when I need to know something about "insert name of lost band with only one release on an arcane label here." But his knowledge doesn't stop there. Wade's been entwined with local musicians and the SE Michigan scene for years. Aside from used (and a small selection of new) LPs, there are also 45s and 78s. Prices are fair and reasonable. This store is in a great location too--just down the street from some really cool restaurants, on the most beauteous block of Bagley I remember ever seeing.***CASH ONLY*** (for now?)
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/2/2010,9/29/2010,794,350,13,4,4>Do you want meet me at the Club? Sure sounds great!OK, so I make sure I have my shorts, socks, deoderant, and of course, my tennis racquets. The last time this guys says this to me this is what he means...http://www.yelp.com/biz/the-fairlane-club-­dearborn#hrid:LZcbT-0CtJp3hr8w8yUJCg/src:self. When he told me where this place was I just figured it was a possible new place for me to play tennis.WRONG!!!! I go walking into this bar with my tennis gear and got the wierdest looks. Of course my jaw dropped when I saw these women walking around in bikinis. I just figured I was in the wrong locker room or something.Once I settled in to get caught up with this customer I ordered dinner.Nice selection to choose from. I settled on my all time reliable favorite, Chicken Strips with a ton of ranch dressing. Actually these were pretty good. Now for the service. Not bad. They even wore smiles. I still couldn't look them in the eyes. The other reviews already said what needs to be said about the atmosphere here. After we left I told him he owes me another meeting at the club, but not this one, the other one.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,9/28/2010,380,907,2,9,9>In some forgotten era food was neither pretentious nor expensive, you know the name of the person who made your meal, and it was down-home comfort food.  Surprisingly, the Hilton Road Cafe (HRC) seems to be suspended in time and transports anyone who enters its doors back to a simpler age.  HRC is a small cafe/diner located on Hilton Road just south of I-696 in Fabulous Ferndale.  If you blink you might miss this quaint gem of a restaurant.  I have been here several times and I have never been disappointed.  The most recent time I had an amazing breakfast.  The service was excellent.  Even the owner, Effie, who made the food came out to ask me how it was and we talked for a few minutes.The breakfasts seem to be a pretty standard selection of eggs, pancakes, breakfast meat, toast, etc.  However, even the most ordinary meal comes out delicious.  I suggest trying one of the skillets or the scrambles.  They are so good and so filling.  For not much money you get a huge plate of food.  The bonus is that with the meals you get your choice of toast or a tiny loaf of some bread like banana-nut, pumpkin, poppyseed, cranberry walnut, etc.  All are made fresh at HRC and all are good.  Don't forget the pies and cakes are all made in store also.HRC is now open late for dinner until 8pm.  I have never been here for dinner but there is normally a large board of specials that sound really good.HRC is not a huge place.  It's a counter with a few booths.  It's not fancy in any way, but you don't go here for the pizazz.  You come here for the food and it's what will keep you coming back for more.
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2010,9/27/2010,72,111,7,8,5>Let me start by saying, I'm lebanese and my mom makes better grape leaves than yours.  So therefore, it's hard to impress me. It's hard for me to fall in love with a lebanese restaurant, and when I found Anita's, I fell.When I lived in Royal Oak, Anita's Kitchen was a once a week carry out affair.  Our order? Roasted Red Pepper hummusGarlic Labneh AppetizerLemon Lentil SoupLamb and beans/peas (It's a special, if they have it get it)Chicken Feta Fattoush (no green peppers, no pita)That's it. That is what my heart desires at LEAST once a week.  It's a great meal, and there is always some left for tomorrow. A few tips? Put a little of that Garlic Labneh in the lemon lentil soup.  Then try a little in that Lamb and Beans, and maybe just a little more in the chicken feta fattoush. Basically, the Garlic Labneh is fabulous and you will find me eating it with a spoon.If you have to wait at the bar for your take out, they have Founder's Pale Ale on tap.  It's fabulous after a long day at work.  And if you don't like the meal I listed above, try getting the Baked Kibbe or the Chicken Ghallaba (another special).And don't forget to mix the roasted red pepper hummus with the garlic labneh. And if your dining in, a cheap bottle of lebanese wine is definitely in order.I'm hungry. It's incredible.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,9/25/2010,37,70,2,6,8>I tend to agree with John W's recommendations and his review of Blocks is no exception.  Well worth the drive from Farmington Hills (and a bonus on the trip was seeing Air Force One parked at the airport).  There's just greenhouse after greenhouse!  It's like they never end and the prices are really good.  I got all my flowers and vegetable plants today but may have to go back to see what else looks good.  Oh, and they do have some shrubs and trees.  I got hydrangeas for $10 that are as big as what I've seen at nursery's around here. Be sure to get a wagon, rather than a shopping cart, because you're sure to fill it up in no time.  Right now they're only selling plants so we'll have to make a trip back this summer for produce.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2010,9/24/2010,52,123,5,13,8>I was here Sunday for Brunch, so I can't speak to the hotel service or the rooms beyond the lobby the restaurant the the brunch room. But oh, what a fine Brunch it was... From right to left. Pastries, Hash Brows with cheddar cheese and chives. An custom Omelet Bar, Sausage . The omelet bar must have had 20 choices of items to customize your omelet. For you Bacon fans, they had THICK perfectly crispy Applewood Bacon. French Toast with Chocolate Glaze. Don't curl your lip up to this. I was dubious at these dark brown triangles. Not the second trip though. Shrimp, Smoked Salmon, Crab Stuffed Halibut. A Fajita Bar. BBQ Ribs with a thick rich, slightly sweet and smokey sauce. A Cheese & Fruit Bar which included large delicious Blackberries as well as the usual suspects.. Then came the dessert bar. Truffle, and Cheese Cake and Creme Brule oh my.   Bananas Foster & Cherry Jubilee.  The mini Cannolis were surprisingly meh, but the mini Eclairs were great... And the Carrot Cake... Well let's just say the Carrot Cake and I could have danced all night. What's missing? No Roast Beef or sliced ham. The ambiance was spectacular. The character of this Mansion like hotel was spectacular. While waiting for your brunch group to arrive, we had coffee in the Library in front of a roaring fire. When we were seated, it wasn't in the formal dining room, but rather in a glassed walled hallway on the west side overlooking Paint Creek with waterfall and ducks floating by. The ambiance was touched off by a bright Winter Sun causing the creek and snow to glisten. Overall a great Sunday Brunch experience.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2010,9/23/2010,103,152,5,14,7>What a great park!  There are plenty of things to do here for everyone.  Walkers, bikers, hikers, nature lovers, you name it... even in winter there's cross country skiing as well as ice skating and a toboggan run.Kensington built a great water park a few years ago that looks like tons of fun for the kids.  There's a water slide, a splash zone area and more.  Kids and adults will love the farm center.  There are lots of animals and in the barn it seems there's always lots of new baby animals to see that are so cute.  The farm doesn't cost any extra to see either!  I love coming here for the walk/bike path around the lake and the great views.  There are plenty of amazing areas to picnic at here too.  I can say the park is so nice that my wife and I decided to be married here!  :-)I highly recommend going on the Island Queen tour boat ride.  The boat departs every hour, from noon until 6 pm, daily during summer months from the Boat Rental Area.  The boat is a 37-person pontoon boat and the captain also narrates during the trip and you'll learn a lot about the lake and the park on this voyage.  Prices are cheap too, only $3 for kids and $4 for adults.  After the boat ride you can venture out on your own and rent a kayak, row boat, or paddle boat.  Fun!!This is a very special place for me because of my wedding but also because of all of the great times I've had here.  It's a fitting place to review for my 100th Yelp review!  5 stars!!!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2010,9/22/2010,109,76,3,4,3>Hamburger favorite #3. In my opinion, Bates is very similar to Greene's (my #2). The main difference is that the burgers are a little bigger and the price is a little steeper. They're also a little less greasy and their chocolate shakes aren't quite as chocolatey. However, they've still got fantastic food. Their fries are my fave crinkle cut fries ever. I am a fan of the soft fries (but not quite the ones that are so soft they bend when you pick them up), and they do not disappoint.I love the whole diner look that they have going on, too.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2010,9/21/2010,131,297,1,6,4>My family has been going to Vito's since I can remember. It's easily been over 20 years. Awesome in every aspect. My all-time favorite is their cassata cake. My mom gets it for me every year for my birthday. It is the best cake I've ever had. It's always super fresh, moist and light. Too bad it's not light on the calories or fat! I've also ordered many birthday cakes from Vito's over the years, and always consistent with fresh, moist, and great frosting. As Amya said, they make fresh cannolis daily. YUM-tastic. I have enjoyed everything we've ever gotten from Vitos...cookies, pastries, cakes, and bread! Staff has always been friendly and helpful!
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,9/20/2010,258,354,3,7,5>For what it is - a Japanese buffet, in a strip mall, in the suburbs - Fuji can't be beat.  They never claimed to be the most authentic around, or  that their sushi gives Noble Fish a run for its money.  But they offer a nice, clean atmosphere with a wide variety of fresh Japanese food for a great price.  For a lunch price of $10-13 (depending on weekday or weekend), dinner under $20, you can't beat it.  There's a variety of sushi, all being made fresh by the sushi chefs at work behind the counter.  I'm partial to the salmon nigiri - delish!  The tempura dipping sauce here, however, is much stronger than what my tastes prefer.  It also bums me out that they do not offer a low sodium soy sauce.  But still, not bad.  They have a selection of dim sum, which is my second favorite next to the sushi.  Pork dumplings and sesame balls are the best.  As for the rest, I'll grab a few tempura shrimp, some hibachi rice, maybe a couple crab legs, finish it out with AWESOME green tea ice cream, and leave totally stuffed for the rest of the day.  Also, the waitresses are usually friendly, and attentive to the refills.This is a regular spot for a friend and I to meet and catch up every few weeks.  As long as Fuji keeps doing what they're doing, we'll keep coming.
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,9/19/2010,69,416,6,8,5>This is an update to my previous review of Tomatoes Apizza. While we have ordered pies from Tomatoes to eat in or take out, I had not had the pleasure of enjoying the lunch buffet they offer. So today I was invited by a business associate to go there for the buffet. I was excited to do this since I had read all the fine comments by other yelpers regarding the buffet. Their accolades were well deserved. First of all let me say I a sorry that humans only have one stomach. There were so many different kinds of pies out for sampling, and you know the old saw about stuffing twelve pounds of stuff in a ten pound box... Well it was great. I did get to try some toppings that I had not tried previously. Surprisingly, the crab, although ersatz (maybe it is krab?) was really good. And the various combinations of pepperoni, they had out, were all really nice. I usually prefer sausage to pepperoni, but I must say the pepperoni they use is really nice; sliced thin and spicy. And I had never had a spinach topped pie fro Tomatoes. That too was very appealing. I am happy to report that they kept the counter with the pizzas well stocked and there were always a lot o choices. And I should mention that the salad bar was great too and that they had lots of nice toppings including Genoa salami and some Gorgonzola cheese too. Stop in and say hello to Michael. For $ 6.99 including your drink and some kind of pizza dessert, this is not only good, but very affordable.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,9/18/2010,1388,1056,16,21,21>So cheap and so damn tasty!I did not go artery friendly here in the least. I needed carbs and fat and all things evilly delicious. We thought about burritos or tamales but we ultimately decided we would just indulge ourselves with fried chicken. We figured if it rocked we would come back and try other things.The chicken noodle soup has a full bodied broth filled with plenty of curly egg noodles, chicken pieces and veggies. It is very impressive indeed. Filling too as a good chicken noodle is.I also really loved the pickled zippy carrots from the container with the peppers. I haven't had pickled carrots like that since I was younger and these brought back especially fond memories. I am a sucker for carrots.The fried chicken is crispy, juicy and perfectly spiced. Deliciously meaty. I agree with Allen that Three Brother's chicken is mighty good but I do have to respectfully say this is even better than that in my own humble opinion. This has better flavored flesh for my palate, the chicken itself tastes amazing, not just the skin.The mac and cheese was a hit with both of us. I loved the jalapeno bits a lot. It was creamy with that little kick that balanced it out. Plain mac and cheese is just not my thing, usually I have to put hot sauce on it to make it happy. This was perfect as is, which is a huge treat.The remolacha salad with beets really works for me. I am a huge fan of beets and this was just like a surprise party in my mouth. I did not expect it to be this tasty at all. Zesty and happy. It was a perfect match with fried chicken and mac and cheese, it sort of cut the heaviness of everything with a bit of zip.Everything in here is bargathon priced. The service is home-like and friendly, very welcoming. Overall, it's a very nice experience. If this place were in the burbs, everyone would be packed in here and you would never get a seat. Come down to Detroit already 'burbanites, the food is worth it and it is not as scary as you would think.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,9/17/2010,70,54,4,3,4>Beezy's is really cute, simple, and homey.  They've got an extensive menu and cater to vegans/vegetarians as well. I love their sort of DIY charm, i.e. you order at the register, fill your own water, grab utensils, pick up your food when hollered at, and bus your own dishes after.  Other than that, everything else resembles a cute sit down.I ordered the breakfast egg and ham sandwich. Sounds simple enough. I was really pleased with how it came out. The ingredients were basic, but the 'wich was really good! I got the sourdough bread and inside were onions, generous portions of eggs and ham.  Everything was seasoned just right, and the potatoes on the side were especially tasty. Usually, I'm 'meh' about breakfast potatoes, but these were gone off my plate as soon as I was finished with the sandwich.The service here was fine, the wait help was very friendly.  I want to come back again to try their soups and salads.
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2010,9/16/2010,29,33,4,6,4>Why oh why can't this place be closer to me? The food is well worth the hike to get to this place! Nestled next to a rail car/container ship storage yard, Taqueria Mi Pueblo may look odd but definitely won't disappoint you. A group of 6 of us went on a Saturday night and got right in, no wait and were greeted promptly by our server with waters, chips and 2 salsas (one hot, one mild). Right off the bat the salsa was amazing and the chips were warm and salty...yumm!. The use of cilantro and spice was perfect. We ordered some pitchers of margaritas and again they were perfect. None of the typical sour mix crap you get at most places. These were made from scratch with a touch of orange juice, lime and tequila (not enough in my opinion though). Some members of my party got the ceviche, I didn't try it - not really my thing, but the consensus was it was amazing. The food was so fresh and flavors were anything but bland. I got burritos in three different flavor of meats. The al pastor pork is to die for. Enchiladas were covered with real cheese, nicely browned, not the slop most places just throw over everything. Every dish looked amazing and they even got the sides of rice right! Completely worth the trip. I give it 4 stars because passing burnt out homes, street walkers and who knows what else made me a little nervous driving through the area and I think I may have blown a shock in my car on the destroyed roads getting there.  The distance would prohibit me from going weekly, but other than that this is truly a hidden gem.  Oh and the best part?  6 of us, including 2 pitchers of margaritas which were about $18 each, all ate for under $80 and left stuffed!  You can't beat it.  .
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2010,9/15/2010,49,93,3,6,4>I am in love with this place that may be considered one of Detroit's best kept secrets. The chicken shawarma is sooo good, sooo reasonable ($4.25) and filled with pickles, just how I like it. The hummus ($4-small, $6-large) is delicious too, but don't think about making out with anyone after - it's full of garlic (also just how I like it!).Another yummy treat is the chocolate crepes... I'm guessing they are filled with Nutella and they are worth every penny of the $4 you spend on them.Totally come here for a late-night snack or to eat with a beer/drink from the adjoining Park Bar. Cool place on a tight budget fo shizzle!
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,9/14/2010,19,83,1,6,2>I've got to agree with Jen H. on this one...I stumbled upon Addis Ababa recently and upon walking in, I was a little worried that no one was there on a Saturday night.  My worries were put to rest after a short time though...  I ordered a couple dishes, because if you order three or more, you get free injera, which is always nice.  Here are some key points for someone considering a trip to Addis Ababa...1.  I may not know "authentic" ethiopian food, but I know what tastes good and what good value is.  Addis Ababa definitely beats Blue Nile in terms of both.  AA has the better tasting dishes and provides a much greater bargain.  A beef dish (Zizil Wat?) and two other vegetarian dishes were only $10.50!  If you want more variety, then Blue Nile may offer a larger menu though.2.  Though I had a carryout order, the staff was friendly and hospitable.  I was offered some tea, gratis nonetheless, while I waited.  A delicious tea that made me want to buy some to take home, a nice touch.3.  The only issue I had was the $15.00 credit card minimum.  Why even accept credit cards if you have a $15 minimum.  That, for me, is the only reason it doesn't get 5 stars.  I know it's petty, but so is a $15 card minimum.To sum up,  AA is delicious and a bargain.  It beats any Ethiopian restaurant in the area in terms of price and taste.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,9/13/2010,91,118,,11,4>This is probably the coolest book store I've ever been to.I'm not much of a reader, but my girlfriend is. We stopped by here on a whim and I had a great time. The store is well lit and the guy working there (I'm assuming the owner) seemed to be really interested in what he does. He even had a heated discussion on writers using present tense in history books with another patron while I was there.While other used book stores seem to focus on classics and being stuffy, this one embraces the kitschy and pulpy side of literature. There is indeed quite a bit of classic books, even a display case full of first runs which are very impressive, but also tons of pulp books from the sixties and seventies. The cover art is pretty awesome and reminds me of those dumb postcards hipsters send each other, only without the ret-con factor.The selection is really cool. There seems to be more sci-fi than anything. There's so many little subcategories. There's even a section on Free Masonry. Free Masonry!If you're looking for a kitschy gift, or even a used classic, definitely check this place out. Probably my favorite book store in the area.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2010,9/10/2010,40,168,3,3,3>Oh Red Coat Tavern, you saucy thing you!So apparently they are known for their burgers, which is why we went here.  My boyfriend considers himself a burger and beer connoisseur (uhh, yea..) and has been in search of a special place to provide him with a good IPA and perfectly cooked beef on a bun since we moved to this area.  I think he found his place..One whole side of the menu is BEER, and it's a great selection.  And they even provide you with the alcohol/volume %, which is helpful when you are trying to get loaded in as few drinks as possible.  I myself only drink stupid mixed cocktails, and I can tell you that they have a stiff pour there..Our waitress was AWESOME.  She was really cool, personable and on top of shit.  Lately I have been more interested in how good service is rather than how good the food is.. maybe I have been to so many good places lately with such bad service.. I dunno.The decor is classic.. seriously.  I actually like the booths and the dark red glow of the place.  The menu is a lot of old-school classics.. of course, the burgers, but also a reuben, prime rib, shepherd's pie, fish & chips, etc.  I had a hard time deciding because everything sounded so good.  I ended up getting some type of roast beef sandwich w/ provolone, mushrooms and zip sauce on a hoagie bun.  Now, I have never had zip sauce, so I didn't know what to expect.  Tasted like a really salty gravy to me, but it meshed SO well with the sandwich and seemed to tie it all together.  But I definitely couldn't finish it (too rich), especially considering we started with a cup of soup each (chili and clam chowder.. both OK, but lukewarm) and split a plate of french fries (they don't come w/ sandwiches/burgers, but you can get a good size plate for like 4 bucks).  My boyfriend loved his burger, and it was a perfect medium-rare as he ordered.  We'll definitely skip the soup next time and save the add'l 8 bucks.. somehow we managed to spend $60 w/out even trying... oops.  Overall, can't wait to go back and try more.. good, solid food with a huge beer selection.  What else can you ask for?
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,9/9/2010,30,103,1,7,4>This is appropriately my 100th yelp review.  The Hill came highly recommended from our neighbors so my husband and I had a weeknight dinner here.  The food was outstanding - the is one of the best restaurants in Detroit - period.  I ordered the salmon which is served over a risotto cake and glazed with a honey sriracha sauce.  It was the perfect combination of sweet and spicy, and the fish was very fresh.  My husband, a man of simpler tastes, ordered the turkey burger - followed by the waitress doing a double take.  This place seemed a little pretentious, but the food was delicious.  My husband said it was the best turkey burger he ever had.  I tasted it, and wow, it had a beefy texture and tasted great.   The prices are on the high end, but absolutely worth it.  I don't mind paying those prices if the food is actually good and the portions are reasonable.  I will definately be going back.
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2010,9/8/2010,51,74,1,10,8>The only thing we didn't like about this place is the tight quarters.  But everyone seemed to be having a good time so it wasn't a big issue.The wine list is pretty awesome.  There is a great variety, with some great bargains if you know what to look for.  We had a bottle of vietti barbera d'asti, which is a great value wine.  My favorite thing about the wine list is they had some great italian wines, which are usually overlooked.  A lot of times there are a couple throwaway chiantis and that's about it.  Tallulah had a valpolicella, the barbera, a barbaresco, a nebbiolo, a sangiovese, a barolo, a montepulciano, and a couple others.  The only thing i noticed that was missing was a brunello.  Wine prices looked decent too, with a great range.  Some places in birmingham are loaded up with 70.00+ selections, with maybe one or two options for less than 50.00.  Tallulah had a great distribution from 20 bucks up to 100+.  We'd definitely go back just for the wine.They had a cheese plate option (that we kind of were allowed to assemble ourselves) that was good, but nothing amazing.  They had a raclette, which isn't common, and it was good, and a good blue cheese.  The bread, however, was awesome (a mini baguette style loaf from avalon, in detroit).  My wife had a chicken seafood gumbo, which was excellent and just a bit spicy, and the house salad, which i didn't try but she liked (it's the salad in the photo).I had the roasted chicken, which was very tasty and tender.  The exterior was awesome.  The interior was flavorful but a bit less tender.  They had quail on special and it was highly recommended, but i wasn't in the mood to try it.Also, they were absolutely packed on a thursday night.   A good sign I guess.  We were still seated immediately though, because a table had just left.  Each table has a potted fresh herb on it.   Ours had thyme.  It is a great touch.  At one point our server took ours away to make room, but later we grabbed the potted rosemary from the table next to us when they left.Service was cheerful and accommodating at every turn.  We will definitely be working this place into our rotation, and i can see this being bumped to 5 stars in the future.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2010,9/7/2010,61,111,7,6,4>I used to go to Skate World as a kid but never truly appreciated how great it is until I moved away and got the chance to skate in bumpy, boring rinks that weren't nearly as well-maintained and didn't have half the amenities that Skate World does.The most important element is the rink itself, which is quite large and smooth as silk.  While some like to practice backwards skating and doing tricks in the center oval, there's also a separate practice area off the main rink so you can get your skate legs without fear of being flattened by a speed skater.  All the paint and carpeting looks fresh and the lighting effects have gone from "dated" to "retro" and help make the experience fun.  In addition to the rink, they have a fully loaded snack bar (slurpees, ice cream, pizza, etc) with plenty of seating, and a really fun arcade area with pool tables, air hockey, skee ball, pinball, and more.  I haven't shopped there yet, but they do have a skate shop onsite too.Personally I LOVE "Adult Night" (Sundays & Wednesdays) because they play good dance music and you can really get your skate without tripping over little kids who either can't skate at all or skate a little too well for their own good.  But, if you have a family, I can't imagine anything better than a skating adventure for good clean active fun - they have plenty of open skate time for all ages too!If you don't have your own skates, you can rent either traditional quads or inline rollerblades (inlines are a few bucks more).  Also they have 50-cent locker rentals for your purse, shoes, skate bag, what have you.  So what are you waiting for?  SKATE!!
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,9/3/2010,376,267,5,8,7>Everything from the food, the presentation, the atmosphere to the service was top notch. We started out by splitting the Horiatiki Salad: Feta, Cucumber cubes, Tomato, Sweet peppers, Red Onion and Red Wine Oregano Vinagarette.  It was fresh and just enough sweet notes and tangy from the vinagarette...just so refreshing. We fought over the last bites!I ordered the Colorado Lamb. The lamb was topped with grilled artichoke hearts, a light sauce and a bit of steamed spinach. The dish was paired with a lemon garlic polenta, what a wonderful compliment to the lamb- which was fall of the bone - delicious! My man got the New York strip steak, with bacon and green beans and tots. I tried his and the meat was flavored so nicely. Not too much marinade that it masks the wonderful juicy steak flavor and the tots were pretty great- just a tad too salty for my taste. All I could think of was "Napolean, give me some of your tots!" For dessert, I ordered a spanish dry sherry to go along with the Orange Blossom Creme Brulee. It was by FAR the highlight of the meal. There is something so satisfying about breaking that sugar top layer with your spoon...crack! Yeah, I'm pretty sure there's crack in there. It's that good. I've been here several times in the past as well. I can't review those experiences since they're too far back on the memory time line to do it justice.  I've always been impressed by the execution and quality. I do recall having some of the best Huevos Rancheros I think I've ever eaten here too.  As I was walking out I noticed a sign that said half off of bottles of wine on Tuesday nights. Winos UNITE!
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2010,9/2/2010,139,103,4,8,8>The Toasted Oak Grill is a very contemporary take on the cozy northern Michigan eatery, that dishes out some amazing food in Novi, bringing an enlightened experience to the culinary wasteland north of I 96, and the Twelve Oaks Mall.The designers of the dining room really hit a home room, and has designed a space that strikes a zen masters balance between design and comfy, modern and rustic, and casual and high end.  This is the kind of place I'd love to take a cool date (of my wife of course), or bring a close group of friends for charcuterie and wine.The food is very interesting and nicely executed, the menu filled with all sorts of fun and unique, executive chef Steven Grostick (5 lakes fame, and  Brian Polcyn disciple)  really shows off his culinary talent and care of food.  Yes, the food can drift into the pricier side, but your paying for creativity, flavor and quality ingredients that is so very rare.  My meal: the salad lyonnaise was initial a disappointment with it's 9 dollar petite size but  was soon forgotten with it's exploding poached egg and symphony of flavors.  The pan fried perch was generous and perfectly executed with a crunchy crust and tender fish that melts in your mouth.  As we were eating our food, we caught a glimpse of the charcuterie board  and terrine of the day, and had to fight our urge to order that for dessert.  There will be the inevitable comparisons with The Toasted Oak Grill with Zingerman's Roadhouse, and Roast.  My feeling is this place will stand on it's own merits, and hopefully we shall become good friends.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2010,8/31/2010,182,276,7,10,6>"I stood in the smoke for a few seconds.  I still smell it on my cotton duck jacket."  ***  UPDATE - THE BEAN SOUP IS TO DIE FOR ***Every time I have driven by this place I have made a mental note to stop. See, when a homemade smoker/grill is billowing out smoke, especially in a Mexican neighborhood, it indicates something delicious is being prepared. Normally I am heading to Los Altos with the lunch posse and they are focused on the Los Altos lunch special, and given that this place looks sketchy we always pass by it. Today I was out and about and hungry and decided to give it a try. First thing you notice is the smells from the smoker. The specialty of the "shack" is Jalisco style mesquite smoked grilled whole chickens cut butterfly style, I wandered around to the side yard to see what was going on and here they had an interesting operation. The chickens were being cooked over a mesquite charcoal fire using a coals out of a bag from Mexico. One of Dea A's photos shows the bags stacked inside. On another grill the coals were being prepared for another batch. They had a large electric fan blowing on the burning coals to get them really hot before putting the birds on. The birds are then put on and the cook paints them with a red spice mixture and then they are covered and smoked. When they are done, prepare for bliss. I had a half chicken that was $6. With it came a stack of yellow corn tortillas, a smoky salsa not unlike the smoky salsa from Los Altos, a marinated onion and pepper relish, and a large cup of rice. $6. This is the best food value in the city. I also tried the chicken taco ($1.25). It was very similar to the Mi Pueblo tinga taco, only much larger. 3 of these and a hearty lunch is served for $3.75 The chicken was perfectly cooked. The spices formed a crust that sealed in the flavors and juices, almost tandoori like. The white meat was still moist, and the dark meat fell off the bone as you picked at it. This may well be the best grilled chicken I have ever tasted. Los Gallos is to grilled chicken as Hamido is to roasted chicken, and Pollo Chapin is to fried chicken.  Its that great people. The cook says he goes through 200 chickens on a busy day. Today there were a handful of guys watching soccer and several families in their Sunday best having a meal after church. Given the quality food options within spitting distance of here, that is really saying something.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2009,8/30/2010,103,74,2,14,7>Alright, I will admit it - I'm addicted to Mudgie's. But, I'm ok with that! I wanted to try a few different things before I Yelped this place - I'm happily on my journey of going through the menu.Few things are as delightful as fresh, homemade foods that are locally sourced (see Dea D's 4/14 review for details y'all). For me, there is the added bonus of gluten-free bread! The owner, Greg, lets me know which soups are gluten-free - he even takes requests! Check them out on Facebook for fun interaction, the soups of the day, and special sandwiches or other treats.Actually, speaking of Greg - he's exactly what every business owner should strive to be. He's there, he's smiling, he's helpful, and he gets to know you. Keep doing what you do!Obviously I'm eating everything on gluten-free bread (ask for it grilled, it stays together better and has a nice texture) but, here are my favorites:- Barrett: hello corned beef, homemade coleslaw and 1000 island goodness. One of the best corned beef sandwiches I've had!- Pressley: kinda like the Barrett's kid sister made with house roasted turkey!- Sorry Charlie: Tuna salad at its best. I don't find this to be a sweet salad myself - the honey mustard dressing is but I dig. I like this grilled so the greens are a little wilted :)- Pumpkin Soup: just so dang yummy!- Make your own sammich with Bacon (applewood smoked, Nueski, what?!), veggie cream cheese, tomato and spinach!Now, I can't speak for this sandwich personally but the Ivey is my vegan coworkers' dream sandwich. Spinach spread, cheese, veggie delights...oh my, it smells heavenly!I dig the pickles but they can be different by the day. Today it was crunchy garlicky delicious, last week it had a more cucumber quality to it. Other bonuses include, rock paper scissors Mondays where you get a discount or treat if you beat your server, delivery to local area (there is a charge and times vary), a variety of sodas and juices (cane sugar Coke anyone?), Better Made potato chips and locally baked cookies.While I regularly get carry-out from here, I highly recommend eating in. Plan strategically...a little before or after the typical lunch time will get you a spot sooner. The place is cozy and people know what's good so tables fill up!While Mudgie's is similarly priced to Jimmy John's (as others point out) I think there is an added value to everything they provide. Go here and try it - I doubt you'll be disappointed. In fact, I will bet you'll have to join the Mudgie's Addicts group...many strong.
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2009,8/29/2010,43,82,2,7,4>I live about two blocks from Los Galanes, and my girlfriend is addicted to the caldo de pollo (chicken soup). That means that I find myself sitting in Los Galanes a lot. Oodles of times, in fact. While most restaurants in Mexicantown are about the same, I give Los Galanes the nod for a couple of reasons:1) The patio is amazing during the summer. Few things beat sitting outside sipping margaritas and wolfing down chips and salsa. 2) The menu has items not available at most other restaurants in the area (see caldo de pollo above).3) Buffet.4) Supervised, free parking.5) Tasty handmade tortillas made right in front of your eyes.I see some others on here blasted the menu items as average-below average, but take it from a guy who has eaten in every Mexicantown restaurant at least a gazillion times: Galanes is better than most.
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2010,8/28/2010,48,139,6,7,6>Okay, my review for this place is overdue.  I first ate at Union Woodshop over two weeks ago.  I went back precisely one week later, because it was so damn good.As far as appetizers go, I have had their Smoky Dogs (I think that's what they're called.)  It's pretty darn straightforward.  Take a couple of hot dogs, and smoke them.  Serve them on a nice bun (Really, it's a damn good bun!).  Voila!  That's a tasty hot dog!  The Burnt Ends were the first thing I tasted at Union Woodshop.  They served as a great prologue to my first meal there.  I've had burnt ends once before.  The name isn't too enticing when one considers that they're quite possibly the dried out bits.  That's pretty much what happened the first time I had them.  I assure you.  That's not the case here.  Moist and flavorful, served on a thick slice of white bread, they were a great reminder of how amazing classic Americana can be.  After Union Woodshop's Burnt Ends, I knew the meal to come was going to be phenomenal.When my Woodshop 101 showed up with brisket, a chicken thigh, and some lovely baby back ribs, it was love at first sniff.  The flavor, the moistness, and the tenderness of all the meat was really all that I had been looking for--but never received--from Slow's or from Lazybones.  It was just the right combination of all of those things.  It was like going from watching the haphazard nature of college sports to the polish of professionals.  It was like watching Montana to Rice--or Young to Rice--for that matter.  Okay, a modern day example?  How about Brady to Moss?  It was a moment in which I realized that this was what I had been looking for in this area.  Finally, someone got it right, I thought.  I mean, REALLY got it right.Just to make sure it wasn't a fluke, I had to go back the following weekend.  Sure enough, it was just as fabulous.  The second time I was there, I had the ribeye.  Never have I had a steak done this way--in a smoker.  It's probably the most powerfully flavorful steak I have ever had.  It was stunning!The sides deserve mention.  The mac and cheese is fantastic.  The greens have bacon lardons and are lovely, because of it.  Sweet potato thing with jalapenos and maple syrup?  Divine.I only ate dessert the first time I was there.  The second?  Eh...I knew I'd hurt myself.  Why?  It's just too much damn food!  When I did have dessert, I had a sundae.  Lovely, rich ice cream topped with a very nice hot fudge and roasted peanuts comprised the sundae.  This is not your ordinary, phoning-it-in/one-step-up-from-McDonald's kind of sundae.  This is artisanal quality stuff.  I assure you.As far as I'm concerned, this is the go-to spot for BBQ in the Detroit area.  Honestly, I just have to say that I highly recommend this place.  I feel it so fervently that this place is worthwhile that I have to dispense with my usual descriptive narratives about how exactly everything tasted and how the experience was.  I just can't wait to get to the point and state that this place is fantastic.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2010,8/27/2010,660,114,4,17,11>The ideal special occasion spot and their "stimulus" menu makes it an everyday spot if you so desire.Forest Grill exemplifies what a restaurant should be. Excellent food, friendly/helpful service, classy ambiance, and a well stocked bar - their wine list is outrageous.  Also, they are in tune to seasonal changes & switch their menu accordingly.  "Cooking what nature provides" is written over their special board - that's a good motto to have.Every aspect of your meal is well thought out and the food is prepared with such precision & care.  Our waiter was able to offer suggestions & wine pairings throughout the meal.  I wholeheartedly suggest pairing your dessert (I recommend the doughnuts) with one of the dessert wine flights.  It's an incredible experience.We ordered 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and 3 desserts - everything was excellent or better.  Just go now - you will not be disappointed.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2010,8/26/2010,63,110,2,8,6>It's the mark of an interesting soul food experience, I think, when you can roll up to the place and watch folks leaving, hopping into a Bentley or a shiny new BMW and hurtling off down the road. Not that I think soul food is poor food by any stretch, but there's an association. For that matter, when you think of soul food, you think of comfort food, down home style cooking like momma used to make. At least, it's what she used to make if she was from the south, in this case.Beans & Cornbread doesn't really adhere to any of these conventions. On the edge of West Bloomfield, it gets a certain kind of customer, and it has a certain kind of atmosphere - indeed, the place bills itself as a bistro, sometimes has a doorman, and it shares its space with a bar with a "clever" name.It has flatscreen TVs displaying the Food Network and ESPN scattered throughout. You CAN still count on a bottle of Frank's Red Hot, but it comes in those bottles that you get at your fancier Chinese American restaurants, to spruce up the presentation. (It works.) You can hold an impromptu business meeting here, the tables are big and the restaurant has complimentary Wi-Fi. I overheard fellow customers talking about some multi-million dollar deal of some sort: It's not your average soul food joint.And yet! I'm totally cool with that. I never claim to be an expert, but if there were certain cuisines I could claim to know, southern cooking is on that short list. Growing up in a family that only one generation ago, came from Kentucky's back hills and a poorest-of-the-poor mining town, I know very well the kind of meals that come out of that culture, the whys and the hows, and the flavors.In my opinion, it's easy to tell very quickly, the quality of a restaurant's southern food chops by their cornbread. The complimentary (bottomless) basket they bring you, accompanied by some sweet potato mini muffins, is fantastic. I'd prefer the bread to have a touch more of a crust, it breaks apart pretty easy - you can tell it's never seen a cast iron skillet - but it's okay, that's not the only way to make cornbread. The taste is great, it's not too gritty and it soaks up anything you like pretty nicely, but doesn't take too much that it gets soggy. The muffins, similarly, are great! Not too sweet, but not doughy or dense at all, they're tasty bite-sized nuggets to get one's engine turning.B&C's menu is, at least at lunchtime, pretty standard fare. Lots of chicken dishes, a couple of fish dishes, meatloaf and burgers. The wings are popular, but I wanted something a little more substantial so I ordered the "smothered" fried chicken, with a side of the gumbo.B&C does gumbo right - it's not a rice, chicken and sausage soup, for one thing, like many restaurants serve and claim to be a gumbo. Instead of relying on a stupidly small helping of okra to thicken it up, B&C makes their gumbo with a proper roux, and provides a pretty generous portion of chicken, andouille sausage and shrimp in each cup. I'm surprised there was room for the rice and vegetables, but they were there. It packed the requisite spice, but without being overpowering, leaving the flavor and tang of a spicy pepper, but not an overwhelming heat. I could truthfully just order a bowl of the gumbo and leave happy.I wondered about the "smothered" fried chicken - that is, what they really meant by smothered. My suspicions were quickly confirmed though, it's fried chicken covered in brown gravy, with a side of creamy - albeit otherwise unremarkable mashed potatoes. (They were good, but I can leave it at that.)Me, I think the idea of smothered fried chicken is stupid. I love the crispy outside that you get when you make fried chicken, I think that when it's done right, there's just as much flavor there than in the actual chicken itself. Covering all that crunchy goodness with gravy kind of defeats the purpose, to me, and I can never get those saturday morning cartoon shorts from the early 80s out of my head, with the tiny lifeguard admonishing us not to drown our food, as he rescued hard boiled eggs from a sea of mayonnaise.However, B&C is smart about it, not applying the gravy til the last second, so that the first few bites are still as crispy and crunchy as if they came out dry. And while the gravy is okay, it's pretty apparent that the fried chicken underneath that gravy is excellent. It's well-seasoned, but not overdone, and the chicken is cooked through but not over (or under!) done. I found myself wishing I could try it without the gravy for a better comparison. To that end, I plan on going back, and ordering the gravy on the side.And that, in the end, is my main point: I plan on going back, no doubt about it. I don't think there are many *good* southern style places in town, but B&C is definitely one of them. It's a rare find and a great asset to local dining, they should be around awhile.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,8/25/2010,151,367,4,8,6>Driving up to this place I had that "Don't you Forget about Me" song in my head (you know, the one from The Breakfast Club movie).  Ok, I definitely will not forget about this place.  Anyone that knows me that I love breakfast foods, and a good breakfast will make any morning/early afternoon a good one.  I grabbed my guy this past week and we headed here for a late morning meal before a jaunt to the park.  The menu was crazy...so many things sounded so good.  Usually I never have trouble deciding what I want, but here I had a little internal debate about what I was going to have.  Mr. got the baked french toast, which was the size of my head and I got the smoked salmon eggs Benedict.  I only got a lil bite of his, it was so good!  Mine was absolutely brilliant.  Served in a skillet, it comes with a side of hashbrowns.  I'm used to huge breakfasts from coney islands and other places so I was surprised to see that the portion of hashbrowns here seemed small, but it didn't matter to me that much.  Honestly though, I think us, Americans, (me included) can do will less fried potatoes in our diets.  The salmon was so tasty and the poached eggs were perfect.  Coffee here was great as well.  The service was brilliant.  The lady who seated us was super nice and friendly.  Our server is quick and efficient, not super sweet but still nice.  The best part?  The check comes with chocolate covered strawberries...omg, heaven!  Its this nice little touch that will keep me coming back to this place.  Overall, this place is stellar: great breakfast, good service, yummy coffee and chocolate...they definitely won me over!
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,8/24/2010,35,90,3,4,4>When I moved back to Canton from Plymouth, I was at peace knowing that I'd be back in the delivery range of Best China. Love this place - I can't say that I have ever eaten "5-star" Chinese...I am thinking I'll know it when I taste it I guess? My favorite choice at Best China is the Deluxe Fried Rice which in 10 minutes, will be mine once again....and a couple of spring rolls.Not too fond of the gravy they use for the almond chicken or the sauce for the sweet & sour chicken - but the Deluxe Fried Rice ROCKS! Rice, egg, shrimp, chicken, pork, beef, carrots, peas, onions, sprouts - all mixed in - and nice and oily so it can be eaten the next day and still taste just as good. Sadly they are NOT open on Mondays - but if you are in the Canton area (they are at Warren & Lilley), they deliver. A good alternative to those lazy nights where pizza just won't do. Not super-roomy to eat in, but there are a few tables.OK, I've got some eatin' to do.... *Update*: I scarfed down both spring rolls that I got tonight since my daughter is staying the night with a friend. How selfish of me! Ba hahahaha!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,8/22/2010,267,274,3,8,8>It has been almost 18 hours since we dined at Saltwater and I am still full and dreaming about our meal. We ended up going to Saltwater due to their Restaurant Week menu. However, once I sat down and started pursuing the menu I knew the RW menu was being pushed to the side. I have read some people complaining about the service here. Our waiter was superb. He was constantly around refilling our drinks and always available to answer our food related questions. The place really is beautiful. We were all admiring the tiled ceiling and a random waiter came up to us and explained that it was tiled in Italy, cut into pieces and reassembled in Michigan....and just for a small cost of 1.5 million! He also explained that it is supposed to look like waves breaking...we thought it looked like animal print. Either way it was cool. So onto the food. Out of 4 of us only one got the Restaurant Week menu. whoops! The problem is everything looked SO good. From the raw bar to the soup and salads to the delicous smelling entrees being served at the tables around us. I just could not resist. So what did I get? Oh yeah...I did it. I got the famous lobster pot pie. I had to. It was calling my name. The lobster pot pie is a 2 and a half pound lobster cooked in a cast iron pot with lots of delicous vegetables and a truffle sauce. Since it is a pot pie it of course has a yummy puffed pastry crust on top. Once fully cooked the pot pie is wheeled out to you and presented tableside. The top is cut off and the lobster is reassembled (beautifully) on your plate. It is a pretty impressive presentation. Everyone in the restaurant was looking our way. Yes. The cost was a little high...but it was worth every cent. It was delicous. In fact, everything anyone ordered was delicous. Since it was a "special" night out we of course all ordered dessert. EVERYTHING was amazing. I hate when you go to a nice restaurant and you can tell they do not have an in house pastry chef. You could definitely tell that these were all made at the restaurant. Everything melted in our mouth. From the peach cobbler...to butterscotch pudding...to cheesecake. Everything was divine. I guess my only complaint is that Saltwater is located in the casino. As we all know the casinos are very smoky. So even though all restaurants are non-smoking the cigarette smoke still seems to make its way inside. Also...just walking through the casino made me sick to my stomach due to the smoke (which isn't a good appetizer for an expensive dinner). All in all we had a great time. I would definitely come back again. There are at least 10 more things that I want to try on the menu.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2010,8/21/2010,58,63,8,8,7>I have a confession....  I'm not Polish.Shocking, I know.  Having grown up in central Wisconsin, one would expect I'd be of Polish or German  descent (or a mixture of both).  But no... I am of the almond eyed, perma-tanned, cold abhorring variety and as such, I grew up mainly eating Filipino food.  However, because I grew up surrounded by those of Polish heritage (and German, but I'll discuss this if I ever get around to going to a German restaurant around here) I am also familiar with Polish cuisine.  I am by no means an expert but have enough experience with Polish home-cooking to at least differentiate the good, the bad, and the ugly.Polonia falls well within the good zone.  It is so good, it evokes memories of good old Wisconsin.  Certainly the food is on par with just about anything I had eaten back in the Dairy State (don'tcha know)  but there is more to it than that.  I remarked to my friend that the restaurant felt like "home".  Perhaps it was the polka/waltz music in the background, perhaps it was the familiar smell of kraut and sausage permeating the air, or perhaps it was because the restaurant looks like many a biergarten that I have been to in college.  Whatever the reason, I knew from the moment I walked in, I was going to like it.My meal started with the dill pickle soup.  This dish, interestingly enough, was something I had never tried before and I wasn't expecting to be floored.  It was nothing like what I was thinking... that's a good thing.  I was somehow expecting an over-dilled borscht-like dish but what I got was a potato soup with chopped dill pickles that was strikingly balanced.  It was... refreshing.  (Don't get me wrong, I love borscht but it is an entirely different thing).  It also provided some acid to balance the smalec appetizer.  As Robert J. pointed out, smalec is essentially rendered pork fat with chunks of bacon and onion mixed through it which you spread onto bread.  I found that a spoonful of the soup was the perfect foil to a bite of the smalec.My entree was the Polish combo consisting of a cabbage roll, a kielbasa, 2 pirogi, and mashed potatoes. While all the components were wonderful, it was the cabbage roll that was the highlight for me.  This may sound ridiculous, but I find cabbage rolls to be a tricky dish to get right.  The meat:rice ratio can be off either way resulting in either a mealy filling or a filling of mush.  The cabbage can be overcooked giving it an unpleasant smell and aftertaste.  The component that I have always found to be the trickiest however, is the tomato sauce.  The majority of the time (at least in my experience) it will taste like the uber-sweet sauce that surrounds your Spaghetti-O's.The cabbage rolls at Polonia do not suffer any of the aforementioned problems.  The filling was tender and seasoned well, the cabbage succulent and the sauce well balanced.  At the risk of sounding immoderate, I would say the cabbage roll was the best I've had bar none.As I mentioned in my review of Polish Market, I don't eat a lot of Polish food these days because I find it a little heavy.  It's comforting to know that Polonia is here on the days that I need a little taste of food from my Cheddar-head days.  I guess like any one from Wisconsin, I have a little Polish blood too.
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,8/20/2010,143,110,2,10,8>I couldn't wait to get to Taqueria Nuestra Familia tonight.  I was starving and all I could think about all day was tacos.Fortunately, this place did not disappoint.  I was immediately enamoured when we walked in and saw the outrageous, yet delightful, decor.  We picked a table and, as there was only one other table with people at it, we were greeted and had menus in front of us before we sat down.  Shortly after, the chips and salsas arrived.  All 4 salsas were terrific, but the smokey hot one and the green creamy one (what is that? I know it has avocado, but what else?) were really something special.  I ordered up three corn tacos (the little soft corn ones, of course), an Al Pastor, a Chorizo and a Carnitas, all with cilantro and onion and queso for an extra fifty cents.  I also ordered a side of rice and beans, cause I'd heard they were great... and they were.  You can choose between the lovely whole beans, cooked and served with pork fat, or what I now consider to be inferior, the refried.  The rice was lovely too.  Fluffy and tomato-y and pretty perfect.  The tacos were just what I needed.  The Carnitas was a bit fatty, but I don't normally order it so that may be normal.  The chorizo was so deliciously salty and perfect that I wished I'd ordered all chorizo instead.  The Al Pastor was quite nice, tender and crispy in spots.We had a lovely dinner until some guy lit up a cigarette a couple tables away from us, which we didn't expect.  I don't know if we were in the smoking section, but I didn't see anything indicating there was any other place to go (there may have been a back room that I didn't see), so that pretty much ended our dinner.  We hadn't received our bill, after having sat there for a good 15 or 20 minutes chatting, so I walked to the back (made note of the Al Pastor on the spit that I spotted in the kitchen), quickly paid (with plastic) and left totally stuffed and totally satisfied for probably $8 (the rice and beans were $4, I think).  Can't beat that.This place is definitely the real deal and worth a visit... or several.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,8/19/2010,67,175,8,13,9>Get there early for Sunday brunch.  At 9:30: you sit right down.  At 10:30: you wait for 30-45 minutes.  The press pot of coffee was fantastic - We got the house Sumatran, but a lot of other choices were available (Ethiopian, Mexican, and on and on).I am not a sweets-for-breakfast sort of guy, but I am tempted to return soon for crepes or waffles.  The menu looked fantastic.This time, I got the Turkish Eggs and they were done perfectly -- the menu says baked sunny side up, but think poached medium (without being watery at all).  Served with the best tomato and cucumber I have had in a restaurant in ages - they actually tasted like they were from an heirloom garden.  The bed of spinach, feta cheese, and olives balanced the sweetness of the tomato and cucumber.  The thick crunchy sesame seed toast with herbed butter rounded things out.  Just real good.  Real real good. $40 for two breakfasts (including tip) makes this a once a year treat for this diner, but worth it every time.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2010,8/18/2010,44,163,5,13,12>We dined at Moro on March 12, and it was a wonderful experience! Prior to joining Yelp I'd not heard a peep about Moro - but after reading some promising reviews I knew I HAD to visit. This is old-school dining at it's finest: lots of retro dishes on the menu, served up with tons of charm (so don't expect anything avant-garde or fusiony).The 8 of us arrived at Moro from Ann Arbor around 7 p.m. I had read on the website that they do not take reservations, but I guess this isn't exactly true - larger groups can do a "call ahead" for seating. Either way, we were promptly seated. Our server was a delightful man who'd been working at Moro for 25 years - and it showed. He was practically psychic in guessing what we needed.For soup we were split between clam chowder, swiss onion, and the minestrone. The chowder was fantastic, lots of clams, rich, satisfying, my husband loved the minestrone - practically licking the bowl clean, and the rest of the table had the swiss onion...which after trying it, was the best onion soup I've ever had...hands down.Salad was composed tableside, and was a nice blend of butter and romaine lettuce, chickpeas, tomato, egg, and oil/vinegar. Mmmm.Here's what was ordered by the group:- Spaghetti and Meatballs: the sauce was a long, slow-cooked tomato sauce redolent of browned-butter, onion, and basil. Fantastic. Meatballs were herby and delicate.- Veal Casalinga: Veal with proscuitto, herbs, tomato, butter. All dishes came with these savory garlic-parmesan broad beans and a glazed potato. I loved the beans, but later wished I'd have ordered a pasta side instead of the potato.- "House" Veal: Tableside presentation. Two sauces, cream and tomato based, liberally flamed with cognac - likely the best dish at the table.- Veal Marsala: Tender veal with tomato, pepper, onion. Not the most tradtional presentation, but very flavorful.- Veal Picata: Delicious lemon-butter sauce, simple and scrumptious.- Beef with Marsala and Mushrooms: Heartier version of the veal marsala.- Antipasi for 2 (more like Antipasti for 4/6 it was so huge!) Large platter of marinated mushrooms, boiled-beef in oil and vinegar, olives, herbed feta, and a side plate of salami with parmesan cheese. Delicious~- Bananas Foster/Tableside - Warm, buttery bananas flamed with rum over vanilla ice cream. Mmmmm- Cherries Jubilee: brandied cherries, with butter, brown sugar, and a wonderful presentation tableside: the server flames a spiral-cut orange peel with brandy...releasing all the volatile oils into the sauce. The cherries are then served with vanilla icecream, and a rich pound-cake. Seriously wonderful, and fun to watch.The table ordered 3 excellent bottles of wine (I recommend red zinfandel or Pinot with most of the dishes...one was a cabernet that did not go well with some of the delicate flavors), and I had 2 cosmos - the cosmos were fantastic...sweetly/tart, no funny hot-pink food coloring, just a GOOD solid, cocktail.We'll most certainly be back. Almost everyone had enough leftovers for another full meal. The only thing that will make Moro even more awesome is when they go smoke-free in early May. Overall our bill came to $540 ($650 with tip...the wine drinkers were responsible for 1/3 of the bill...) but it was an extremely enjoyable 3 hours of bacchenalian bliss.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,8/17/2010,39,71,1,4,4>I came back on a Saturday night with my mom and sister for my mom's birthday. We made sure to make reservations, and I'm glad we did. The restaurant is a bit on the smaller side and it was packed by the time we got there. The first time I went was during the afternoon and seating was open and more casual; no wait.I got the opportunity to try out the steak frites on my last visit and was super impressed. I savored every bite and would order it again. My sister had the risotto balls (she enjoyed them and she's a picky eater) and my mom had some duck dish. The waiter accidentally brought her out a chicken dish at first, mixing up another tables order, and the manager on duty quickly ran out, exchanged the chicken for duck, apologized, and told the waiter "she ordered the quack quack, not the cluck cluck." That was actually pretty funny :)I tried to convince my party to order the Bellini pitcher (champagne and juices served tableside), but they all wanted their own cocktails. I retried the Polar Bear Martini (duh, it's good) and sampled the Your Number (pearl plum vodka, vanilla vodka, pama liqueur, lemonade, 7-up), my sister sipped on the strawberry basil martini (that would be my second favorite at Toast -- it really is good), and my mom tried an espresso martini.I'd warn that if you're claustrophobic or are looking for more of an intimate dining experience, you better come early or really late. The tables are right on top of eachother and took a second to get used to. I felt a little bit odd at first when the table next to us was sat and dead quiet right when we got our food -- they had nothing else to do so they commented on our food while we ate and pretty much stared at us. That was weird.
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,8/16/2010,82,141,2,5,6>The Henry Ford Museum is a must see for all Michiganders as well as people coming to visit Michigan.The museum charges $15 fee for adults + $5.00 parking fee and boasts of some great one of a kind exhibits. They also have a huge I-Max theatre at the museum that plays hollywood flicks as well as documentaries.As I entered though its massive gates I was filled with anticipation and excitement. Once your purchase your tickets you walk right into the museum. The exhibits are divided into sections that include: heroes of the sky which boasts of some great aeroplane collections, made in America for all things Americana , Dymaxion House, liberty and justice for all which is where the famous Rosa Parks bus is, your place ins time line where you walk through different sections that depict life from the 1920s to the early 90s Mtv generation and much more. Checking out all the exhibits would take at least 4- 5 hours and is a goo d way to spend a sat/sun morning.I'm definitely looking forward to take a trip to greenfield village next !!
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2010,8/15/2010,221,215,8,17,10>I worked at a salon for over 10 years. Only one person has ever waxed my brows or cut my hair since I was 19. I'm 35 now. Anyway, after a few mishaps with old faithful I decided it was time to move on to greener pastures. London calling has such an awesome reputation all together so that was my first stop. I figured "well if they screw up it always grows back, right?" ahaha! I made my first appt for just a brow wax the super friendly girl who made my appt (Bernadette) set me up with Erica. Now let me tell you about Erica she should walk around with some sort of badge, or crown, maybe a medal of some sort that says I AM THE EYEBROW WAXING QUEEN OF METRO DETROIT!!! Yes kids that is how much I frigging love the way Erica does my brows. Who would have thought a eyebrow could be so awesome!! I loved her work so much I let her cut my crazy curly hair and she cut it PERFECT. (go see her and tell her I sent you)If I could make you all go to London Calling I would. But for now just take my word for it. Go there. See Erica! See anyone!! You won't be disappointed!! Promise!! Coolest salon ever!
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2010,8/14/2010,21,72,,5,3>We went to this place for Sunday breakfast and my husband and I left there thinking, this is definately a place we will be going back to!We were both impressed by the large selection of options, including the "build your own".  It was almost overwhelming!  We both decided to go with the pre-selected options.  Mushroom Madness for me and My Morning Jacket for him.  As we waited for our food, we kept stealing looks at everyone else's tables.  Everything looked so yummy!Our orders did not disappoint us.  The hollandaise sauce on my husband's crepe was to die for and my mushroom one was packed to the  gills with so many 'shrooms.  We had also ordered the Nutella Crispies which were just simple and awesome.  Gave us enough sweet to balance out our savory meals.The crepes were huge.  Next time we know that we can split one.I didn't give this 5 stars because our service was kind of lacking.  I asked for a water 3 times before I got one, right before we were about to leave.  The wait staff was pleasant, but not overly attentive.  However, it will not stop me from going back!
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2010,8/12/2010,104,113,2,5,3>This place is a hoot.  Mom spotted it while walking down Washington.  I don't know where she got the impression, but she thought it was a clock store.  My mother sure loves her clocks so I agreed to go in with her.It wasn't a clock shop, but it was so much cooler than that.  They had really neat and unusual stuff.  I loved it!  Really, you don't need anything that they sell, but you want it all.  I ended up purchasing these hilarious drinking coasters along with my mother so we had our own set.drinkingstuff.com/imagesSo many things in there are really unusual or eclectic.  I will definitely be coming back here to pick up fun gifts for people.  Especially with the friendly woman who was working at the counter when we were there.  She was friendly, but not at all pushy.  I really appreciate those types of people where they don't make you feel like you have to buy something, or make you feel guilty for not making a purchase.
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,8/11/2010,191,72,6,10,4>I am a creature of habit, which means I don't write as many Yelp reviews as others because, well, I go to the same places and order the same thing all the time.But, I recently found a new go-to spot. SO go-to, in fact, that I quickly earned my buy-9-get-1-free meal!Sandella's has flat-bread sandwiches, salads and what they call "grilled flatbread," which is actually just thin-crust pizza. And that's what I get. I get the Margherita grilled flat-bread. It is a really big thin-crust pizza (like 9 inches, I think!) with extremely fresh basil and tomatoes and mozzerella. SO good. Amazingly good, actually.The best thing about this place, though, is how insanely nice the employees are. The manager guy (at least I think he's the manager) remembers me and always says, "The usual?" as soon as I walk in! How f@*$-in' cute is that??? Sometimes he even starts making my usual before I even walk in just because he sees me walking down the street towards the store. I love that guy!It's my new little lunchtime ritual. I walk the two blocks from my part-time office to Sandella's. I pay a ridiculously low $5!!!! for my big pizza. Then I sit and read a book while I eat it.Ahhhhhh..... I love relaxing rituals.... Especially when they involve cheese and friendly manager guys!
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2009,8/9/2010,125,326,7,12,12>Mmmm. I like this place.  It is located on the first floor of some building or another right on Woodward- and I believe that the back door of this place goes into the parking garage located in said building.  I've always parked right in front, so I'm not really sure. Whatever.If you work in Birmingham, or don't work and can therefore randomly go to Birmingham for lunch, you are going to want to give this place a try.  (Or maybe you already have and you are trying to keep it a secret!)  This is a one-man-show that offers salads, soups and sandwiches that are either really low fat or no fat at all.  What's even better- they actually taste good.  Not just good, GREAT!  They have these giant pita sandwiches that are definitely the knife and fork variety.  They have salads that are amazing and huge as well.  Everything is fresh fresh fresh- made to order - delicious.  I have been known to order the various salads and sandwiches that have lots of fruit in them, or can't go wrong with a chicken caesar wrap.  I feel silly that I don't know the guys name who owns the place- but he is pretty amazing himself.  He is the only employee in the whole place... and he does a pretty good job of keeping things moving.My only complaint? That they aren't open later so I can grab a sandwich on my way home from work.  That would be fantastic.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,8/8/2010,83,91,5,5,6>There's nothing missing from here. It's all wonderful. Even at it's busiest, the staff was great, the food was delicious and you can't beat the price with a stick. Bim-bop is so good it makes my liver quiver. And even if you can eat the whole bowl, you feel good about yourself for doing so. It's not processed or flavored or MSGed. And the sesame chili sauce on the tables brings my future children's children to tears of joy. Did I mention the sweet robot face? Well, then, you're just going to have to go check it out for yourself. Oh and try the pickled daikon. It's brilliant.
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,8/7/2010,79,74,7,15,9>TODAY HAS BEEN ONE OF THE GREATEST DAYS OF MY LIFE; I FOUND RON'S ROADSIDE BBQ (aka Romanoff's)I actually heard about this place from a fellow co-worker, and by everything holy, I cannot thank him enough for suggesting this place to me. There were two main things that really made this place not only one of the best BBQ experiences I've ever had in my life but one of the best overall food experiences I've had IN MY LIFE. Those two reasons are of course the absolutely, positively, without a doubt most mouthwatering, tender, juicy, and smoky BBQ I've ever had en mi vida (in my life for you non-spanish speaking folk) and the great people that own the place.To me, experiencing getting to know someone, especially one who shares the same love of food, and can appreciate the same things, like BBQ, just adds to the whole experience of discovering new places. I don't think I could've stumbled upon nicer people when I discovered Ron's Roadside BBQ. Ron himself works there, and even took time out to talk to me about how they got there, where they're from, and his wife even chatted to me about how they make their BBQ. You don't get that at chains, or even some local restaurants. You can really tell these people care about their food and also the people who are fortunate to try their food. It makes me feel good knowing that hopefully by people reading this review, more people can enjoy the fruits of their labor, and have the pleasure of meeting them also.Now to the BBQ. Like I said before, the BBQ is by far the the best I've had in my life. Yes, I gave very good reviews of Beale St. Smokehouse in Fenton, but I think it may have been overtaken, although not by much. I had the fat man's sampler as I would like to call it, although they call it the Memphis Throwdown. It comes with pulled pork, brisket, ribs, and chicken. The servings are more then plenty, especially for a seasoned veteran such as myself, I only ate about half of it! The brisket was cut thick, and was literally falling apart as my fork dug into it. I was fortunate enough to get an end, and God-almighty! was that delicious. It had enough smokey flavor to satisfy even me.  The pulled pork was also very juicy and tender, just how it should be. The ribs were falling right off the bone, and I could taste that o-so-tasty smokey flavor which was present in the brisket also in the ribs. The shocker of the meal had to be the chicken. Now, I normally don't go for the chicken, but I made an exception, and boy was it a good move. The chicken, just like the rest of the meal, was so juicy and tender, and my favorite part about it was that they basted the BBQ sauce on the chicken while it was grillin' up. I love that slightly caramelized flavor when you get when you lather on the BBQ sauce when finishing up the chicken on the grill. I also got a side of potato salad and pasta salad, which were also tantalizing my taste buds while I was enjoying it. Another added bonus was the homemade rolls which came with the meal. There were four of them, and each was was as good as the last (I only had two, so I guess I'm just trying to say they both were awesome). They were very dense, and the inside was hot and moist, while the outside was nice and crispy and crunchy, yum. All-in-all, Ron's Roadside BBQ to me is just a feel good place, where it feels like family going into. I feel like this is the epitome of why I love Yelping and furthering my culinary experiences; its to meet new people and share the love of food. Please, do yourself a favor, and go discover Ron's Roadside BBQ when the weather is nice, the sun is shining, and the birds are chirping, and enjoy great food and great people at Ron's Roadside BBQ, you'd be crazy not to!!!
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2010,8/6/2010,55,85,2,12,8>Pizzeria Biga, an upscale wood oven fired pizza restaurant opened to the public June 30. Chef Luciano Del Signore, who also owns Italian gem Bacco, is the chef and proprietor of this new eatery.  Pizzeria Biga serves an array of authentic Italian pizzas, antipasti, salads, desserts and homemade gelato.  The menu features thin crusted white (no sauce), and red (with sauce) pizza.  Notable pies include the Margherita with Buffalo mozzarella and fresh basil--the variety by which I measure all pizza, and the Fingerling Potato pizza with dolcelatte, fresh rosemary and artichoke hearts. The Margherita did not disappoint. The fesh mozzarella combined with the basil for a subtle taste explosion.  Assorted cheeses, salamis and small plates round out the menu. The Risotto Balls of saffron risotto, homemade Bolognese and mozzarella are divine, as are the Roasted Sweet Potatoes with balsamic, olive oil and parsley.  For something different, try the salad of naval orange, red onion, olive and parsley.  Not something I'd think to throw together, to be sure, but the flavors somehow combined to make magic!  Pizzeria Biga has several Michigan microwbrews on tap.  The homemade gelato is excellent--try the blood orange or the chocolate!
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2010,8/5/2010,38,71,40,28,42>Vicki, Vicki, you were my second choice tonight.I wanted Slows, but my stomach was too light. The wait there was long, but with you I was in and out.And, you, Vicki, is who this review is about.It was light years ago, when I first heard about you.And, once again, I visited here, on a dare from my work crew.While the neighborhood is gritty, and your establishment isn't pretty,You sure are well-know around this city.Your meat was tender, your meat was good,And I challenge anyone to find better in their neighborhood.Though the sauce leaves something to be desired,Nonetheless, it was good, different, not tired.Though your menu is scant, with only a few choices,I will return, for I enjoy your ribs' tender moistness.I could smell your tender goodness the entire car ride home,And, indeed, you were good, right down to the bone.If anyone else is in the area of West Warren and McKinley,I recommend you stop by, quickly.After all, Vicki, you are the unlikely hero,But, back one day, to you I will go.
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2010,8/4/2010,56,309,6,7,6>I didn't think it could get better... I WAS WRONG!!! New crepe bar opened 2 weeks ago.  Kevin the crepe chef cooked us up some heavenly Nutella Strawberry Banana flavor and I might have lost consciousness in bliss for a few moments.  I promised Kevin I would post that he is single and available!  You might fall in love with him after you try these crepes.   This place just never disappoints.  They are always friendly, full of atmosphere and great coffee, and now my new addiction.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2010,8/3/2010,200,255,7,7,7>These pies are delicious... and I'm not even the biggest fan of pie (cake 4 life!).  I love how the crusts are flaky and not overly salty (I hate pies with really salty crusts) and how the fillings are fresh and tasty.Achatz's most famous pie is the Michigan four berry.  The textures and flavors of the berries are great, although I do find the pie to be quite sweet overall.  But that's okay, I just pour myself a really tall glass of milk.Another pie I keep getting is the pumpkin praline.  It's got a layer of cheesecake, a pumpkin layer, and pralines on top, all in a flaky pie crust.  Amazing.The pecan pie is also delicious.  Too many pecan pies consist of wayyyy too much gooey pecan pie filling with a scant number of pecans - often chopped up until starting to resemble sawdust - chucked on top.  Those uber-gooey pies make me feel like I am eating a pie full of snot, or Nickolodeon Gak.  In short, not appetizing.  This pie, however, is perfect.  It's got a ton of pecans on top and just the right amount of pecan pie filling.I haven't bought a whole cream pie, as I tend to get overwhelmed, but I sometimes buy slices of the banana split pie.  Mmmmm.In addition to selling whole pies and slices, Achatz also has cookies, other pastries, and pot pies.  I've never bought anything other than pie, but I tasted some food at an event they had at the store and remember liking it.There are multiple locations in metro Detroit.  Note: all of the stores are closed on Saturdays.  I believe I've seen Achatz pies at Whole Foods too, though, if you absolutely need a pie on a Saturday.I would recommend subscribing to the email newsletters or "liking" them on Facebook as they sometimes have specials.Oh, and their pie boxes say "Achatz - rhymes with 'jackets'" on them. :)
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2010,8/2/2010,188,247,5,8,6>Can food heaven be found in a silver taco truck parked at the corner of Parkinson and Parkwood streets. Small, unassuming, surrounded by all sorts of old automobiles, to get there you'll drive thru a very interesting neighborhood. Wow. What a place. Since my companions were afraid to try anything off of a taco truck (chickens) I decided to quickly grab a chorizo taco and a tostada de ceviche. The taco was moist, hot, flavorful. The ceviche tostada is out of this world. A crispy tostada covered with a combo of seafood, lime, and a spicy red sauce ( I think). Top it off with some slices of avacado you've got a taste that will take your tounge tingle for hours on end. I don't have much to compare this too, but I can only say that I loved what I tried. Forget about the "scary" neighborhood. It's not that bad. Give this place a try. You'll be happy you did.
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2010,8/1/2010,33,105,,15,1>It is with great pleasure that I announce to you, my fellow yelpers, the opening of your new favorite place to dine/meet friends/take your family/and get a yummy treat in Northville. As I ran by the front of this business and saw the "Now Open" sign, along with the "We serve Zingerman's breads" sign, I came home and told hubby "we must try this place immediately." And about an hour later, we were seated on the front porch of an adorable Victorian home that has been converted into my new favorite place to eat. Little did we know, but we had the honor of being just the 5th table served at The Gathering Place. Being that it was the first day, the menu was limited to about five breakfast items, and four lunch items. Even with limited options, we had a difficult time deciding what to order. I wound up with some sweet/tart fluffy pancakes with a fresh raspberry coulis and lemon cream, while hubby enjoyed his bistec sandwich (on Zingerman's bread). When we were done eating, we were stuffed and thrilled. Every bite was perfect, and the presentation was great. This is just the sort of place you would expect to find in a quaint downtown like Northville, but it has been lacking. The Gathering Place is open for breakfast and lunch until 3pm and has tea time from 3-6, in which they serve beverages and mouthwatering pastries prepared fresh by their pastry chef. They will also be having Sunday brunch, piano playing included. If you come here for a meal, do not leave without a pastry. The night and day cheesecake and cream cheese brownie did not leave anything to be desired. I think its safe to say that TGP will see a lot of business from hubby and I, so I hope that others will discover, enjoy and brag about how happy their mouths are as well.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2010,7/31/2010,60,247,2,5,3>Over 15 years ago, in my bachelor days, I lived on the west side of town.  I had long since discovered Thai food but most of it was humdrum.  Then, a friend of mine introduced me to a wonderful restaurant, Thai Bistro, in Canton.  The food was exquisite and my taste buds were in love.Fast forward to now.  I never get out to Thai Bistro anymore (too far away, don't even know if it's still there or still good).  I am in a similar Thai rut.  Then, another friend (fellow Yelper Janelle) hipped me to Thai Taste and I am in love again.I ordered the Pad Almond, mild, with steamed tofu.  For the Thai uninitiated, mild means with a little spice, not without spice.  Most Thai places will err on one or another side of this standard.  Thai Taste hit the bull's eye.  The sauce was thin, not gloppy, and its taste was sublimely spicy.  My wife was similarly impressed with her chicken pad cashew.Thai Taste had one extra surprise in store for me.  "Would you like white or brown rice?" asked the woman who took my carry-out order.  Once I confirmed that this is what the lady really said, I ordered the brown.  It was moist and perfectly cooked.I thank goodness for foodie friends like Janelle and for wonderful cuisine like that of Thai Taste.  In the words of the Governator, I'll be back.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,7/30/2010,135,218,9,9,9>You know how when you get all psyched up to go out to eat on a weekend night, and you decide on something like... Mexican?  "Yeah, I'm gonna order me some chips and salsa and burritos and tacos and margaritas...it's gonna be soooo good, I can't wait to shove all that spicy goodness in my face."  And then, after imbibing and overindulging (maybe a bit) in all of the above, you realize you're missing a button on your pants and you feel the need to sleep for 10 hours.  So much for a night out.Yamato, on the other hand, is different.  Sushi, in my opinion, is clean eating.  You get your appetizers (perfectly salted and steamy edamame and some miso soup), which are satisfying but light.  You let that settle for a bit before readying your tiny, neat dishes with soy sauce and wasabi (making things spicy helps you feel full faster, more flavor!).  The main course comes, and your rolls and sashimi are so artfully arranged that you have to pluck them one at a time from their dish with your chopsticks and admire them momentarily before making them part of your dinner.  Mmmm.  It's the simple things.  Rice. Avocado. Fish. Seaweed.  No deep frying, no smothering in cheese.  Just simple and clean.  And delicious.  And at the end of your meal, you don't need to sleep, or unbutton.  Aaaaah, zen.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2010,7/29/2010,99,529,7,8,7>There is no good reason it's taken us 1.5 years to get here when we live less than a mile away and pass it on 85% of our trips away from home. I am ashamed it actually took an Entertainment Book coupon to get us in the door and try some of their food! Through construction, even! (They were very thankful, and commented that they appreciated us braving the construction!)We got two sandwiches and a coconut macaroon for take-out. We shared the Grilled Turkey Reuben and the Grilled Applewood Bacon & Cheese paninis. The reuben was okay, but would have benefited from a bigger dollop of 1000 Island dressing. The bacon and cheese panini will definitely be ordered again. Both came with a small side (tiny cup) of slaw and a tiny two-bite muffin (I imagine they change with the day--from what we guessed, we had banana chocolate chip). Both the slaw and the muffin were tasty.Hubby also got a coconut macaroon from the bakery. And wow. Just, wow. This is THE coconut macaroon we've been dying to find--and here it was, all the time, right down the damn street. And we've been trying them all over the city! GRRRR....but YAY since we found them and it's close to home. But GRRRR because it's too close to home and I anticipate stopping there too many times for a little coconut pick-me-up. As a bonus, hubby was also going to get a chocolate chip cookie, and it broke while she was getting it...so she just gave it to him. I guess maybe it helped we were there towards the end of the day!Another great thing about Ridley's? [From their website, verbatim:]  "At the end of each day we pack our unsold muffins, scones, cookies, mini muffins & breads to donate to St. Vincent de Paul volunteers. They are then distributed around the southeast Detroit area to those who normally couldn't visit our Bakery Café. We start completely from scratch every single day to offer our valued customers only the freshest baked goods."Awesome!We will definitely be going back on a more regular basis after this experience, and I highly recommend you do the same.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2010,7/28/2010,45,283,8,4,5>I have four observations to share with you based on our first trip to Knight's last night:1. I love any place that is generous with the soft and buttery rolls.2. The drinks are STIFF, man.  Like, two drinks and you might need to lean on that banister to walk down stairs.  Not that this happened to me.  Nooo.3. It's loud.  I'm a soft-spoken person normally, so I needed to SPEAK UP to be heard by my dining companions.  The drinks might've helped with that.4. I can't wait to go back and have a proper steakhouse dinner - you know, meat and potatoes to go with my Old Fashioned.
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,7/27/2010,252,310,3,11,7>My G/F and I got a little dressed up and came here for our dinner reservation on Saturday evening for Valentine's Day. Boy was the place packed, but in a good way. People were talking, enjoying, eating, sipping wine, and just having a merry time - just like a good Italian restaurant should feel like.We were seated in a nice booth promptly, and our waitress was very kind and patient. We ordered the calamari fritte to appetize (the half order was cheaper and still more than enough for 2 people to share). In fact, we only ate half of it to conserve our appetite. The calamari was fried to a crisp, and had mostly the "ring" pieces, and a moderate amount of the little tentacle pieces that I like better. This makes sense though, since most people eat more of the rings. The house bread went great dipped in peppered olive oil w/balsamic vinegar. For entrees, my GF ordered the beef medallions dish, cooked medium-well. It came with a delicious brown cream sauce, garlic mashed potatoes and crispy onion strings. If anything the dish could have fared better without the onion strings that kind of made the meal look more Olive Garden than Maggiano's, and we already had a fried item with the calamari fritte appetizer. Otherwise the sauce and mashed potatoes were excellent, and the beef was tender - pink inside, and very easily chewed - well prepared.I ordered the veal chop contadina, which was spectacular - as it should have been at about $40. It was a dish that added enough on the side of the veal chop, so we did not have to invest in any sides. The veal chop was dressed with roasted peppers, onions, and tomatoes. The chop itself was huge - weighing in at 19 oz. It was easily cut and tender to the bite. I asked for medium, and it appeared somewhat medium-well though. The onions, mushrooms, and thin gravy complemented the veal well - however the tomatoes and roasted peppers gave it a "southwest" character that it could have done without. The vesuvio potatoes on the side were so soft and almost had the texture of trimmed fat, yummy! Also, there was a very generous amount of Italian sausage on the side of the veal chop as well! Meat on the side of meat? My kind of meal.Our Cabernet wine went great with our red meat, and the special tiny individual size desserts for $1.95 let us leave with our sweet tooths satisfied without having to eat a mountainous dessert! Very cool! We chose Tiramisu and Apple Crostada - both were phenomenal. The Tiramisu was light and fluffly, and the espresso, cocoa, and cheese flavors were pronounced. The Apple Crostada was warm delicious apple pie, with caramel sauce topped with a ball of premium vanilla ice cream. Who can complain about that?Maggiano's dinner came out to about $110 (tip included) for my G/F and I with wine and dessert included. Definitely a spendier place - but since we got great service, great quality food, and an unpretentious & festive fine dining experience for Valentine's Day - we left satisfied, with smiles on our faces, and plenty of leftovers which are a rarity to get at nicer restaurants! I highly recommend this place for when you want a somewhat more upscale Italian-American dinner. For big groups - the "family-style setups" fare better on the wallet, however.
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2010,7/26/2010,44,77,4,5,7>The Rocket is a one of a kind! They have bulk candy, which includes my all time favorite: gummy Coke bottles! They also have a selection of patron saints of random things and Jesus action figures! You can never go wrong with a place that sells bacon band-aids or "wwzd" (what would zombies do) merchandise! If you need a kitschy gift for any occasion, definitely check out The Rocket.  I think they even have a bank for change that says "saving up for more valium." I love this place! I can stay in there for an hour, and it's a very small store!
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2010,7/24/2010,142,231,3,6,6>3 words - yum, yum & yum!What a cool little joint in the middle of the most unlikely place!   I'm a big fan of sangria, and the first thing I see when I walk in is a billboard that said sangria is on special.   Also, drafts were $2 and pitchers $6.  I'm no cheapskate, but anytime good drinks are cheap, you go for it.  The atmosphere is very Key Westie, from the wall colors to the knick knacks - even down to the ceiling fan, and they had a Carlos Santana wannabe playing his guitar in the corner.  I was in Key West a few years ago and completely fell in love with it, so I was hoping this place would be authentic. I honestly felt like I wasn't in Taylor at all.We were both in the mood for sandwiches, so my husband ordered the Key West Club with chips, and I ordered a Sloppy Joe with mac n' cheese.   Both were out of this world!  The club was enormous, and had fresh ham, turkey, lettuce, and cheese.  And the chips looked homemade.    My sloppy joe was just like I had in Keys West and the mac and cheese was gooey and super cheesy, just the way I like it.   And of course, the sangria rocked. They have much more than sandwiches and I was tempted by many items on the menu.    And I couldn't believe the prices.   3 drinks, 2 entree's, and a dessert for $21!And I didn't even get to the coffee which is what they're known for!     So yeah, this little piggie will definitely be headed back.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2010,7/23/2010,223,265,5,7,6>Another great gas station . . . for me to dine in!Inspired by Janelle "Putting the P in taco"'s review of tortitas El Rojito, I finally stopped in here and it was great.Maybe there should be a new Yelp category: "Taco-stand Inside Gas-station"  or TIG.They had an extensive menu including tortas, tamales, champurrado and tacos.  The latter could be ordered flour or corn, fried or "soft".  I had the corn tacos which were lightly grilled, not unlike the aforementioned El Rojito.These were bigger and meatier with your choice of prep.  They were made to order in front of a bright and shiny glass counter.  You could have them any way you want from cilantro and onion to cheesy with guacamole.  I went cilantro, onion and lime, with some outstanding smokey "hot" sauce.  They were delightful.The place is also surprisingly nice for being a gas station.  They have a large selection of beverages inside coolers in front of which you are sitting.  They had 4-5 tables I believe.There were 3 people working the counter and a steady stream of customers which was great to see.  They were kicking out some food and it all looked great and fresh.
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,7/22/2010,192,175,6,14,12>I would have a hard time giving the Detroit Zoo anything other than 5 stars since I spend more time there than anyone I know. It may not have elephants any more, and a lot of the exhibits haven't changed in years, but they are trying and really there has been some great improvements--the Arctic Ring of Life, the Outback Experience, etc. I think that anyone in the remote area could benefit from becoming a member. For maybe $50.00 you can visit the zoo with a friend and parking included as many times in a year as you would like! If you have never experienced the Zoo in the winter, you're missing out on a great time to see some animals actually be more active than they are in the spring or summer. Just think, half of the outdoor animals actually come from colder climates so they are more alive with a chill in the air. My typical route at the Zoo involves starting in the Butterfly and Bird House. Find the Spur-Winged Plover and smile as he struts on by. From there I may or may not pay my respects to Amphibiville or the Reptile House. Then to Africa to see Rhinoceros, Giraffes, Meerkats, Zebras, and the Aardvarks if they're feeling social. Rounding up the back of the Zoo with kangaroos, prairie dogs, anteaters, and Carol the Pudu I find typically find myself in the Penguinarium always sorely under-dressed to the majority in black tie.Walking the Zoo is perfect exercise, and if you're member and you don't see it all on your visit, you can come back whenever you would like to see the rest. If you're a member there is also a discount/free admission at many other zoos across the country.Also, the Zoo runs a summer concert series on Wednesdays where they stay open until 8:00 (I think?). Occasionally there are also special exhibits like Dinosauria where for a mere $3.00 you can admire animatronic dinosaurs that supposedly are to scale. A few of them even spat water. The Detroit Zoo is a staple for Detroit. It may not be as fancy as some of the others out there, but it also has faced the same challenges that everything else in Detroit has. Love it because it needs it.
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2010,7/21/2010,68,54,,10,6>Tomukun was a hit with my family.  I brought my parents and ordered the tomukun ramen, pho deluxe, jjajjangmyun and pork buns.  The food came out quickly and served hot.   We started out with the pork buns which i found giving me a glimpse of heaven with every bite.  I love pork...the pork belly and pickled veggies were a delicious Asian style slider.  I had the pho deluxe and enjoyed the broth and variety of meat they had in the bowl.  Don't forget to add the sriracha, hoisin (brown sauce) and sprouts!  My dad loves jjajjangmyun and has a pretty small appetite, but he finished his bowl, eating more than he had planned cause he liked it so much.  Mom had the tomukun ramen and was happy with it as well.  Didn't even mention how nice the place looked on the inside..a lotta dark wood, open kitchen with shiny new equipment and interesting photos on the walls made you feel like you were in a big city restaurant...but with a mid-west price tag and friendly service.  Overall, just a great dining experience.  I'm surprised at some of the low scores, I encourage you to give it a fair chance, I liked it after all.  =)
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,7/20/2010,80,187,,6,3>I love pho tai! I used to eat it almost every Saturday for brunch/lunch in college. It's a great hang-over cure especially since I don't like eggs. Anyway, the pho tai here is really good. The thing that makes or breaks a Vietnamese restaurant is the broth. The broth is amazing. I will always get the pho tai, but Dustin will switch it up. The BBQ pork and wonton soup was delicious, as was the pho ga. I think the little Vietnamese man was a little surprised that this white girl new what pho ga was before he gave me the specials menu with the explanations on it. The crispy spring rolls are so good, so flavorful. If you have not had this before, here is what you do: lettuce, a slice of cucumber, sliced carrot, three leaves of mint, the spring roll, a tiny bit of hoisin sauce, roll it all up, dip in spicy vinegar sauce and enjoy!!As a good Vietnamese restaurant should be, this place is very small with a lot of Asians enjoying the food. I found it to be clean and friendly. I should point out to those people who are not familiar, in the Vietnamese culture it is rude to give the check to the table. You could ask, or more commonly, just get up and go to the counter. This process always amazed me in the large Vietnamese restaurants in LA, because no matter how busy the restaurant, they will know which check is yours at the counter!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2010,7/19/2010,68,67,4,6,5>A couple of weeks back, I was idly searching for good establishments to patron since I was about to move to the Rochester area, and I had run out of search topics on Yelp. My birthday was coming up, so I decided to search for "birthday" . . . and thanks to Michelle S.'s review, I came across this little gem!This restaurant is at the edge of the Hampton Village Shopping Center beside a salon, facing Barclay Circle. It's not hard to find, but you will drive by and ignore the restaurant on your way elsewhere since the sign doesn't face the main road.My main squeeze and I hopped in Tuesday evening for dinner, and it was moderately busy. The restaurant has an outdoor seating area, which is nice, but I'm not a fan of eating outside unless there is a wonderful vista. When you enter, there are several small standing table tops for a quick lunch, I assume, and the main counter for placing orders. The dining area is off to the side. There is no hostess, so the waitress seats people--I think. Unfortunately, the sole waitress was busy with a table when we entered. We don't enjoy standing around stupidly, so we grabbed a couple of menus off the counter, chose a two-top (they have an assortment of two-tops and four-tops) and sat down.The waitress was with us in a minute, taking our drink orders. She was knowledgeable about the menu and gave great recommendations. We ended up ordering the spinach dip (cheese, spinach, red pepper, artichoke), the pancetta pizza (bacon, onion, mozzarella) and the shroom pizza (shitake, oyster mushroom, portabella, mozzarella, provolone) and two mini desserts (death by chocolate and tiramisu).The spinach dip was pretty delicious. It's a small dish, but it's more than enough for two people. The dip comes with slightly toasted, thin pita bread covered with Italian spices. This dish needs to be eaten up right away though because the pita bread will get hard since it was toasted.The pancetta and shroom pizzas were both yummy, but the pancetta was superior in taste. The shroom was just too busy, and tasted that way. My favorite part of the pizzas were, you guessed it, the crust. The crust was chewy and flavorful without cutting up the roof of my mouth--very nice.We ate the pizza with their house-made ranch sauce. Usually, I abhor the practice of eating perfectly flavorful pizza with a cold and thick sauce that masks the flavor of the pizza. I shake my head when my boyfriend orders a side of ranch with his pizzas, but Mama Luna was Crust's ranch UTTERLY DELICIOUS. After my sweetie tasted the ranch, exclaiming how good it was, I had to taste it, and I was pleasantly surprised. The ranch was the perfect balance of buttermilk and spices with a great consistency--not thick and goopy at all. I would move the ramekin closer to my plate, and then he would move it closer to his. I felt that we were crossing swords instead of crusts, battling for the last drops of ranch.  Eventually, we got more ranch--three ramekins in total.You would think we would be stuffed at this point, but I really wanted to taste the mini desserts. The waitress brought over all of the pickings: death by chocolate, carrot cake, key lime, tiramisu and cookies and cream (gosh, I have a good memory for sweets :P). We decided on death by chocolate and tiramisu. We ate half and then swapped, World Cup-style. Both mini desserts were great, just enough to tantalize, not weigh you down. Though, I feel they should cost a bit less. $2.50 for a tiny cup was pushing it.The service was all right. The waitress was knowledgeable about the menu, kept our water glasses full (we somehow keep ourselves perpetually dehydrated and, consequently, drink a lot water) and brought our plates out in a timely manner. However, I feel that this establishment should have at least one more server or at least a busboy. The waitress took twice as long to do things simply because she had no other help. She had about five tables (both inside and on the patio) to wait on and bus. Oh yeah, I forgot, and she had to seat people (or at least offer people to choose wherever they wanted to sit).Now, the bad. I know, after all of that?! Well, it's noisy in here--not because of the diners, but because of the open kitchen. The establishment has an open kitchen to give the illusion of a larger space while keeping it looking modern and trendy (which it accomplishes). Unfortunately, I can hear every dish that gets clanked into the washer and every other noise they happen to make. These noises give this restaurant a cafeteria feel versus an upscale pizza joint kinda feel.Overall, food gets four stars and ambiance gets three stars. I would come here again, but probably not any time soon since I just moved to the area and there are other places to discover. I decided to give four stars because as Michelle S. stated, you get coupons if you join their online mailing list. Free food is always good in my book!
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,7/18/2010,72,111,4,9,8>A little over 10 years ago I discovered Star Deli. And slowly, as my life has changed, friends have moved, and I have gotten older, I know that I can always come back here for the same, amazing, corned beef. To be specific, the best corned beef sandwich I have ever had the honor to construct: Corned Beef, cut lean, with Russian Dressing and Muenster Cheese on an Onion Roll.Dessert? Two cinnamon rugelah's please!They do one thing extremely well - consistency. It's always great, the service is always the same, and they always crack me up on the phone.  It gets busy in there, so I tend to call ahead when I want lunch. By the way, if you are looking for something light, try the Julienne Salad (They call it a Juli - I recommend extra egg and chopped.)Some might say it's a little on the pricey side, but the quality is outrageous and worth every penny. And of course, if you want to see pricey you can always head down the street to Steve's.Seating - quite simply - go to Starbuck's!!! They don't care, just get a drink while you are there!Don't forget to stop by around 8:00pm for some fresh, hot corned beef and muenster cheese. I can guarantee you that package won't make it home unopened.  They are perfect for each other - like Bert and Ernie but for mouth bound roll ups.Star Deli - There is no deli better.  None.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,7/17/2010,380,907,8,12,10>I joked earlier about a restaurant named Maze where you have to eat in a giant labyrinth.  Then, Jeff joked about a restaurant named Maize where the food is all corn based.  Instead, today, I shared Fancy Breakfast Thursday with fellow Yelpers Toni C. and Jeffrey B. at Mae's which is not a labyrinth and does not only serve corn dishes. We decided to try Mae's since it was a new breakfast joint and it was close to all of us.  It's always exciting to try a new place, especially a new breakfast place.Mae's is located on the east side of Woodward Avenue in Pleasant Place next to Susan's Special Needs.  If you're driving northward on Woodward it's easy to miss since it's on the leeward side of the building.  It's a bright cheery place with lots of big windows.  It reminds me of a 50s diner out of a Norman Rockwell painting.  It's cute, charming and accented with turquoise.  Parfait.The menu consists of breakfast fare, served all day, and then a lunch selection of sandwiches, soups, salads, etc.  The breakfast food was all pretty standard stuff for the most part.  There are omelettes and bennies, rumbles and SBH (sausage, bacon, ham).  The more interesting options include ableskievers, latkas and crepes.  I don't know about the "authenticity" of the more ethnic foods, but they seemed to be good.  There was a nice option of a place with both pancakes and french toast that I thought was nice.I tried the "Kurtsy", an omelette with goat cheese, red pepper, spinach and bacon.  It was delicious and the eggs were cooked well.  It was served with hashbrowns that weren't very crispy but were cooked, and choice of toast.  The toast is from the local Avalon bakery.  When I got my meal the toast was pretty cold and wasn't very toasted.  The bread was tasty though.Overall, I thought the meal was good, but it didn't blow my mind.  The mix-ins for the omelettes are all pretty standard: onions, peppers, mushrooms, SBH, etc.  The cheese options included american, cheddar, swiss, mozzarella, pepper jack and goat cheese.  Actually the toppings were less interesting than a typical coney breakfast.  I expected more and I hope that Mae's can ramp up their game in time.In general, I appreciate the concept of Mae's greatly.  It's a small local owned place that serves local products: Better Made chips, Vernors, Faygo, Avalon breads and more.  You can feel good about being a locavore at this place.  The service was very attentive and friendly.  The environment was clean and bright.  The price is respectable.  I would like to go back and try some of the other items.  In conclusion, this is a decent breakfast but not the best I've ever had.  I'd like there to be more interesting dishes and options and perhaps they are forthcoming.  I like the atmosphere and the local items.  If you're in the area and you want a new joint, you definitely should check this out.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,7/16/2010,52,123,17,9,11>I'm driving south on M-39 when, all of a sudden, traffic snarls because of black ice and I take the next exit at Oakwood. I get off the exit ramp and see Carter's Hamburgers on the next corner. Since I was hungry and with no desire to tempt fate on the highway again, I decided to stop for what I hoped to be a Tasty Burger. I ordered and while I was waiting, another car pulls into the lot. It was a '74 Chevy Nova with a strangely pinkish vinyl seats in the rear. Out jumped two men dressed in black suites, white shirts and thin black ties. My burger was delivered. I took a bite... It was delicious... indeed a Tasty Burger. Just then the door burst open and Samuel L. walks through and directly over to me sitting at the end of the 1950's vintage fountain bar. He says "I'm representing your boss, Marcellus Wallace." I reply "You must have mistaken me for someone else, I do not know this Mr. Wallace." At this moment Samuel L looks distracted and he eyes my plate. "My, my... that does looks like a Tasty Burger. Do you mind if I take a bite?" He has this crazy-eyed look on his face, before I could react, he reaches. Next thing I know, he's chowing down my cheese burger. "Mmmm Mmmm that was indeed a Tasty Burger." John T (his associate) then he asks me what they call a McDonald's Quarter Pounder with Cheese in France. "What? How the hell would I know, and who the @#$% is this Wallace guy?" Wrong response. Samuel looks more agitated. He reaches under his coat and pulls out the biggest silver plated Colt 45 automatic I have ever seen and it's now pointed at my forehead. He starts quoting scripture: Eziekel 25:17 "And I will strike down upon thee with great vengeance and furious anger..." "Holy crap Quinton he's gonna shoot." Quinton T. (he likes his cameo appearances) was sitting next to me at the bar. Now, however, he is cowering in the corner having wet his pants at the sight of the Colt. Then the door burst open and in walks Uma T. brandishing a Samurai sword. No, wait... sorry, wrong story... Uma T. enters dancing the twist, the swim, the bugalu. She asks "What's up with the prettified tech geek?" Samuel L says "Marsellus instructed us to kill this geek for giving you a foot message. I don't really get it, but John T. over there has been telling me that a foot message is a bold step too far with another mans wife. "Really, You think I'd let a geek like that touch my feet?  Don't be absurd. You've got the wrong dude" said Uma T. Samuel L relaxes and lowers his gun. Is it over? Am I safe? Just then I hear, from the other end of the bar, "I love you Pumpkin... I love you Honeybunny." and then Pumpkin and Honeybunny jump up waving revolvers. "Holy crap Quinton, It's a robbery."  But Quinton T is still cowering in the corner. Samuel L draws a bead on Pumpkin, while John T draws on Honeybunny.   It's a stand off. They are dead silent... Only the sizzle from the grill can be heard...  No one is breathing... Honeybunny appears ready to loose control when Samuel L says "OK everyone, we're all gonna be just like the Fonz". Honeybunny, seemingly having trouble processing, finally says "Be cool?". Yeah, I though... let's everyone be cool... Samuel L starts his Eziekel speech again and I'm thinking the silence will soon be breached by gun fire at any moment. Where can I duck? But this time he hesitates... He is conflicted... He decides it's time to change his life. Through gritted teeth, he says "I'm trying real hard to be the good Shepard here." He slowly drops the hammer on the Colt and lowers his weapon. They all follow. Before you could blink it was over, and the gunslingers all left the restaurant in peace. But then Uma T. walks over to me as I'm trying to slow my racing heart. She grabs me hard around my waist and pulls me tight . Our lips touched. Then her breathy voice is in my ear. "Tonight babe, I want more that just a foot message." Now if you've got this far, the astute reader must have come to the conclusion that this is either 100% pure grade A Bullshit, or some lame attempt at pulp fiction. One thing that is indeed true... Carter's does make a Tasty Burger!
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2010,7/15/2010,1388,1056,9,20,15>This is my kind of place, gourmet carry out and actually very fresh and tasty to boot. They prepare nearly everything on site (save for Breadsmiths bread) and use excellent ingredients. We faced a dilemma this NYE as my husband had to get up for work at 8 am today, wretched when your body is used to working the night shift. We wanted, ok needed, to stay in but I did not want to cook. Shocking, I know. I wanted something a bit special to celebrate and we wanted to try something different. Hello Dish. We could relax and enjoy ourselves being romantic and quiet at home. No drunks, no rush and we got to enjoy good jazz music we picked ourselves. They had an extra special NYE menu and we ordered ahead off it, picked our stuff up and we were good to go. I have to say they have really delicious lobster bisque. Creamy, rich and yummy. We started with that and were already impressed.As for entrees, my husband picked the filet mignon with the green peppercorn sauce, gratin potatoes, manchego cheese and asparagus. I got the baked alaskan halibut with citrus beurre blanc, served  with steamed new potatoes and hericots vert with lemon zest. James and I traded green veggies as he is not an asparagus fan at all while I, of course, am.For dessert we split a flourless chocolate cake with chocolate ganache that was amazing and very tasty vanilla bean creme brulee. I liked having both, as the chocolate was very intense and the cream brulee complimented it with its creamy rich vanilla punch.I can't wait to do it again sometime. The prices were not outrageous for the special food and I saw they had some very reasonable regular items too.Easy peasy and wow, so delicious.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,7/14/2010,70,54,4,7,4>I'm a skeptic of Asian Fusion, but overall my dining experience at Pacific Rim was very positive.First of all--loved the decor! Sort of hidden away from Main St. view on Liberty, PR has this cute doorway way leading into a tastefully decorated interior. Imagine: everything in a soft reddish yellow glow, large stone tiling at the front entrance, reed mats, and Japanese lamps.  Generous use of dark wood trim and railings and temple-style overhangings. Sometimes these Asian flavored decorations can borderline kitschy, but this I really liked.It was around 8 pm when I arrived, and it wasn't too crowded given it was a Wednesday evening. Attire ranged from casual (me) to business casual (everyone else).Now, the food.Dishes were pricier than the average eatery, but that was to be expected. Imagine ~$7-13 appetizers, ~$25 entrees, ~$10 cocktails/martinis.I tried a little of everything:1) Cocktail: Maitai. Ingredients sounded great. Drink looked great. Tasted ok, but no kidding, it was really stiff. I was pleasantly buzzed the entire meal and I had less than a half before I started on the food!2) Tuna tartare appetizer with taro chips. This was excellent. The flavors were really subtle and you really had to savor each mouthful to fully appreciate it. You can kind of imagine it as a ceviche-like dip, then (if you're from Hawaii) imagine soft, mild flavored poke. The chips were fresh and crisp and really complimented the tuna. I love fresh fish, and I love it even more unadulterated.3) Vegetable tempura. Conventional, but I decided to give it a go anyway for comparison. Not exactly like authentic tempura, i.e. use of asparagus, a lot of potato varieties, and different kind of batter, but this was also very tasty. I found it nice to pair this with the tuna tartare since the flavors contrasted sharply. The sauce served with the veggie tempura was also different, more citrusy/soy sauce-y than expected, but they went together well.4) Complimentary house salad (declined option to upgrade for $6 to market salad).  The salad was fine. Your typical house salad with big leafed dark greens. The dressing was delicious but the salad comes garnished with pine nuts which they neglected to mention, so beware you tree-nut allergy folk.5) Big eyed tuna. Sad to say, I was frankly a little disappointed with the entree. Thankfully everything else I've mentioned made up for the experience at PR.  I was really excited about this tuna. The description on the menu sounded fantastic. Unfortunately, it was like having a giant piece of tuna sushi served on a plate in ingredient form (which is fine) with all the things that typically bother me done to the sushi (not fine).  Example: The presentation of the dish was acceptable, i.e. triangular serving plate with wasabi and sweeter sauce fringing the outside for aesthetics and seared tuna, rice, and garnish (radish, carrots, etc.) on the inside.  Not so good: rice was packed too hard, cold, too sweet. There was too much wasabi in general. I cried the entire time I was eating this. I was the least congested I had ever been in my entire life.  The brown sauce was also overwhelming and masked the flavor of the tuna. The tuna itself was delicious, but the cloyingly sweet sauce was unavoidable; it was everywhere!  I didn't pay $27 to cry and taste only the sauce.  . . . But I did finish the entire meal. It wasn't bad, but I don't think I'd try it again. The seared tenderloin my boyfriend was having seemed a much better option in my opinion, and he agreed too.6) Warm chocolate cake. Thumbs up! It was great to round off the meal with a nice piece of rich, warm, gooey chocolate cake with a side of ice cream. It takes 20 minutes to bake the cake, so you order this at the beginning or during the meal. Overall, the dining experience was great. Despite my disappointment with the main course, I wholeheartedly give PR 4 stars because they've done everything else right in my book.
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,7/13/2010,214,174,2,7,5>I love to try new places, but I definitely have some true main stays when I am downtown.  Lafayette for late night coneys, Buddy's when I'm near Hamtramck, Los Galanes when going for Mexican and Sweetwater when I'm feeling like wings.  Outside of that, my first choice is almost always the Bucharest!  Cheap, delicious, quick, out-of-the-norm and close to the ballpark (before OR after the game!).  I almost always get the chicken schwarma, because as much as I love many dishes there - I can't resist ordering it - so yummy!  In a blink, you could miss it - but make a point of stopping in - it will become your mainstay too, just guessing.  :)
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2010,7/12/2010,47,75,1,7,5>Mexicantown Bakery was one of my first Southwest Detroit experiences.  However, after I started exploring the rest of the neighborhood, a year or two probably went by since the last time I set foot inside the bakery.But, this is Lent, which means its time for Capirotada.  Last year, I had some for dessert after a meal at Mi Pueblo, which included other Lenten specialties such as deep fried potato tacos.  Today, I wanted to cut right to the chase.  I stopped by the panaderia on my lunch hour and picked up a couple slices.  My friend was shocked that they only cost $0.75 each, and I was shocked at how incredible it tasted.  After work, I stopped by again and bought a loaf of budin de pan for $4.25.For as small as the place is, they also have an incredible array of products in addition to the pastries, bread, and other baked goods - Spanish magazines, Mexican candy, various dry goods, canned food, jarred/pickled items, frozen food, juices, etc.  Its like a mini mercado and bakery all in one!  And, of course, the prices are the best you can find anywhere...
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,7/10/2010,35,54,1,12,6>I visit Dos Hermanos probably weekly either to stock up on fresh limes (usually 10/$1) and avocados. The tortillas from El Milagro are amazing but spoil fast so make sure to keep them refrigerated and share them with a friend or two. The meat is extremely fresh. I've purchased lots of chorizo in the past as well as five-pounders of pork to slow-cook and shred for dishes. It's all VERY AFFORDABLE! I've walked out with three bags of groceries for under $30. Many meal options for a low cost.I love to stock up on spices (very fresh, located against the wall as you come in past the pastry case) and cans of beans, cubes of stock, flours and fruits and vegetables for juicing or eating. The best part is on weekends when they offer fresh tamales and tacos. Tamales are $1 for one and tacos are $1 for two. They are both fantastic compared to any other Mexican food offered in the area. I've stopped eating at La Fiesta and instead just come here on the weekend for my fix. The service is good, too. If you are confused about something there is usually always someone who is enthusiastic and willing to help you sort it out.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,7/9/2010,30,103,4,3,4>I finally tried this place - been meaning to for about a year.  We went to a Pistons game last month so we thought we'd try it.  I loved it.  They have one of my favorite Indian dishes every (few places carry it) - nargisi aloo.  If you haven't tried it, I completely recommend!! It is a vegetarian potato dish in a korma like sauce and the potatoes are stuffed with cashews and paneer.  It is to die for.  We ordered a ton of food - can't remember everything because I was all about the nargisi aloo.  We ordered chicken tikka masala (also very good) and a lamb dish as well.  Everything was wonderful.  I just wish I didn't live so far away from Auburn Hills otherwise, I'd likely eat there a couple of times a week.  BTW - Pistons lost, but the food was great - thus an evening well spent.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2010,7/8/2010,26,63,2,6,4>Go! Comedy is an Improv Theater that has shows 5 days a week. They are closed on Mondays and Tuesdays. This place is great. They typically do 3 Improv Acts a show where the crowd gets involved but only if you want to be and run for about an hour and a half. This place reminds me of small DIY Improv theaters in Chicago I've been to. The shows range from $5 - $15 with the Wednesday and Sunday shows being the cheapest. If you go on Friday and Saturday shows they do an extra free show at 11:30 pm. If you arrive a bit early they do have a bar to get a drinky drink. Oh, and I've never got tickets in advance just get them at the time of the show. This is sorta on the edges of downtown Ferndale but have their own parking lot so no worries on bring quarters to feed the meters.
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,7/7/2010,103,227,2,4,3>I feel like such a dummy for not reviewing Bill's before! We are there at least once a week during the summer. I love the Root beer, and even though I can't have the sugar, it's worth the risk to drink some of the frosty goodness. Nothing served but dogs with chili, mustard, onion, chips, and root beer. Not that Bill's needs to do anything else. The chili is unique...not quite coney chili, but kind of.......it's hard to explain. I guess you'll have to venture down Michigan Ave. and find out for yourself. And if you see a blue mini van in the parking lot, it's probably my husband and boys, so say hello! The service is quick and efficient...please don't forget to tip the guys that work there!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,7/5/2010,215,177,10,8,9>This was, without a doubt, the most insanely sumptuous meal I've had in a long time! I was very hungry (having starved myself all day for this). We were led across the room, past the suckling pig on a spit, to our table. We had a fabulous waiter whose astute food and beverage suggestions we took seriously, to the benefit of our mouths and stomachs. We started off with a super tasty Jolly Pumpkin ale and then the appetizers came: beef cheek pierogi, roasted marrow and roasted onion and potato soup w/smoked scallops and roasted shitakes. Everything was superb, particularly the marrow. Here are instructions for how to reenact that famous head-explosion scene from Scanners: spread some of that buttery marrow goodness on a toast crisp and eat.  Follow that bite immediately with a spoonful of the soup. Follow that with a few bites of the doughy, earthy pierogi. KAPOW! At the very least, your tongue will be a shivering, gooey mess that will re-harden and ready itself for the next course.I ordered the ribeye. My esteemed tablemates ordered the duck pappardelle, the hanger steak and the roast beast (which was lamb). We all tucked in, sharing it family style. The sides...OH the sides!  We were, up until that moment, a table of brussel sprout abhorrers. Those babies were fried in beef fat until gently caramelized, and tossed with walnuts. My next favorite: the wild mushrooms, sautéed in butter. The rosemary fries were crispy and salty and incredibly fragrant. The mac & cheese was creamy with a bit of sharpness. All were devoured with relish. We were close to ordering another bottle of wine (a lovely Spanish Ribera del Duero) but became so absorbed in the food we lost interest, if you can believe that. "Dessert" was another fine brew from Dexter's Jolly Pumpkin (our bellies were not unlike jolly pumpkins themselves).You know in any movie about the Middle Ages, the scene where everyone is eating, the table filled with loud, gob smacking, meat tearing, brew slurping and burping denizens? Yeah.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,7/4/2010,41,210,,6,3>Want to see great hockey, but don't want to pay pro prices?Check out the Plymouth Whalers of the Ontario Hockey League. These 16-to-20-year-old players compete at a high level, and you'll see a good number of them advancing to the NHL within a few years.Regular ticket prices range from $11-$15, but the team has a lot of promotions like family packs (4 tickets, 4 hot dogs or pizza slices, 4 pops and 4 line-up cards for $44) and, this season, a number of $5 Fridays for tickets in the end zone.The hockey is fast-paced, the price is right, and there isn't a bad seat in the house! Great for a date, great for families and great for hockey fans.
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2010,7/3/2010,49,93,3,6,7>It sounds dorky, but my ideal Sunday would be spent here. Between the olive bar, cheese/deli selection, beautiful produce and abundance of Michigan-made products, this place is a mecca of amazing groceries. My husband and I usually hit up Kroger's for paper products and simple-minded needs, then we make our way over to Nino's for all things fresh and delicious (severely lacking at Kroger, unfortch). My husband HATES shopping with me, but for some reason he likes our trips to Nino's...and I think I know why. While I go bee-boppin' around the store looking at everything and reading labels, he orders deli meat from the fancy-schmancy kiosk at the front of the store and wanders around getting samples until they text him to let him know his deli meat is ready. He then finds me and I beg him to get something ridic like a weird bar of cheese or bananas dipped in chocolate ice cream bars and we go along on our merry way. Although the prices are a bit higher than some stores, we just feel GOOD about shopping here. Not only do you support the local economy, but their selections are wonderful, fresh and just all-around aesthetically pleasing. Pop by Nino's to make a dull shopping trip a foodie extravaganza.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,7/2/2010,40,132,4,5,5>I'm not here to say that PBB is the best Mexican food Ypsi. It isn't. But it's damned good and cheap, and they have one thing I will always get on every single visit that has so far gone unmatched at the other Ypsi Mexi joints - fish tacos!! Thank you PBB for providing me the most affordable, non-shrimpy, and delicious Mexican seafood dish this side of the Wayne county border. Those fishy chunks with that peppery crema de la casa and shredded cabbage, wrapped in a corn tortilla shell - yum yum yum every time.I also dig the overstuffed quesadilla and the big ass nachos, with lots and lots of beany goodness. Also, their chicken tacos are uncommonly good. I tend to avoid chicken in my Mexican food because it's boring but I'm on a limited pork and beef diet these days and I felt like getting something different to go with the obligatory fish tacos. The chicken taco filling is succulent and spicy - not just hot spicy, but richly flavored spicy. Yeah, sometimes the service is a little poky or they forget to include salsa or napkins. Yeah, it's annoying. But I'm just in the habit of double-checking my bag before I leave. For the price and the flavor, this is an undeniably great value.
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2009,7/1/2010,61,111,2,5,5>I've been frequenting health food stores forever, and this place truly has anything I could ever want and then some.  In addition to the usual array of unpronounceable supplements (which seem to number in the millions here), they have a surprisingly large selection of natural/organic personal care products, environmentally-friendly cleaning & household goods, and a small but well-stocked grocery section.I'm impressed that the grocery section is so small yet seems to have such a great selection.  They have really covered all the bases!  General ingredients, packaged snacks, fresh produce & dairy (as well as vegan dairy-ish products, like animal-free cheese), plus a really great frozen section - I could seriously do almost all my shopping here.  Some big box stores have one or two items from the brands carried here (i.e. Bob's Red Mill and Amy's Organics) but I never even knew there was such a great variety available - it's all here!  The produce section is small, but unlike most health food stores, it all looks very healthy, shiny, and fresh.The prices are excellent too, easily the same prices (or cheaper) that you'd find on the same items at Meijer.  That makes it even more likely that I'll stop here and see what I can stock up on before going to the great big grocery for anything.The 1-star deduction is for the maneuverability of the store.  I can barely make it down the aisles with a little basket over my arm, and if someone is standing there gazing at a supplement display (which is often, they're pretty overwhelming), there's no way to get around them.  I got trapped on the opposite side of the store and couldn't find an open route to shampoo!  I'd hate to be in here with a wheelchair or stroller (well, I'd hate to be anywhere with a wheelchair or stroller, but especially here).  I guess that's the price you pay for having a kadrillion items in stock: super narrow aisles and lots of 'em.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,6/30/2010,376,267,13,10,13>Once upon a time, there was a young girl in search of the best chicken shawarma in the land. She searched long and far. Until, one day, she came upon a small unsuspecting place that smelled of all things wonderful. Intrigued, she walked in the door. The menu boasted many offerings of the Middle Eastern variety: Grapeleaves, Falafel and...lo and behold...chicken shawarma! The girl, eager to fill her hunger ridden belly, orders hastily. The merchant serves up her sandwich and the girl smiles with anticipation. The smell of the sandwich alone is so intoxicating, that suddenly all else disappears. The battle of shawarma has begun. The girl tries her best to eat slowly and properly, but the shawarma takes hold of her. She begins to devour the shawarma like an untamed beast. She tells herself, "This is a battle of the mind, the shawarma will not win! I will only eat half! Only half!" She regains composure, wraps up the shawarma sandwich and is on her way.The girl felt triumphant. She was almost half way home and still has not given in to the shawarma. Just when the girl thinks she has won, the shawarma strikes again. Wonderful smells fill the car. The smell is too much to bear, the girl cannot resist...the shawarma jumps into the girl's belly, sensing her weakness. The shawarma is victorious!Alas, the girl has been conquered. Forget Falafel- Shawarma is KING!!! In all seriousness...For $5.70 I got a massive Chicken Shawarma sandwich and a soda. And this wasn't just ANY shawarma, no sireee! The chicken: tender, so subtly marinated. perhaps, with crack. The toppings: they give you pickles, sliced thin and just enough for that great sour punch of dill. Sliced onion and tomatoes are swimming about in the delicious tahini sauce for a perfect compliment of flavors. Not too soggy with tomato, not too garlicy with tahini, not overly onion laden or lacking great pickle crunch...JUST RIGHT. The shawarma balance has been perfected.Long live the KING!!!
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2010,6/29/2010,139,103,8,7,6>Sigh....  I feel dirty.  Not only have I officially become a Janelle W. groupy, but after her last review, I feel like I just had dirty seconds.Taqueria Alameda does have wonderful cabeza, which is beef head, which really should be identified as beef cheek.  It is a wonderfully buttery and tender cut which this Taqueria does very very well.   My dining partner who grew up in L.A. boldly stated it was definitively the best he has ever had.  Personally, I felt that the meat by itself was a bit under seasoned, but a splash of salsa and a dash of salt will remedy that quickly. In addition to the Cabeza, I had the Al Pastor, and the Carnitas.  Both were generous and good, but I did like the flavors a hair better at my regular haunts near Mexican town.  I do appreciate that these tacos felt very homey and comfortable,  like a Mexican grandma was making these just for you.  This is accented by the fact that it takes a bit of time for the food to get to you, which really attests to the fact that they are making these items from scratch and with care.   We also saw a bowl  of steaming menudo go by that looked amazing.Now, I need to take a shower...
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2010,6/27/2010,74,270,4,7,6>A few friends and I visited the Arab American National Museum to see a BBC panel discussion about covering the Middle East as a region hosted by Michigan Public Radio.  It was my first time to the Museum and the experience was impressive.  Everyone enjoyed the panel, the host did a good job mediating the discussion and the three BBC panelists offered incite into the editorial process at the BBC and the challenges facing journalists and news outlets covering the new in the region.Following the discussion we were able to enjoy a few refreshments and take a walk around the exhibits.  All the exhibits were well put together and offered a good balance of hands on activities, written information, and visual displays.  We all learned some interesting information and gained some historical perspective that will help us in understanding the role Arab American's play in the culture.There wasn't enough time to properly go through all the exhibits but I'm looking forward to being able to return and take more time walking through.  Thanks again to the museum, Michigan Radio, and the BBC for creating the opportunity that brought us to the Museum.
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,6/26/2010,42,154,2,4,3>Really awesome Middle Eastern pastry can be found at Mid-East Pastry.  The best items are the bakalava-related pastries, filled with different toppings, but they have other middle east specialties as well.  The only reason I didn't give this place 5-stars is that I have not been to any arab pastry shops in Dearborn and I assume there's some awesome ones there.  If this place can stand up to them then I will bestow a coveted 5-star to it.That aside, they produce some of the tastiest baklava I've ever eaten.  It can be a little on the pricy side, but the quality of the pastries are well worth a little splurge now and again.  Its definitely cheaper than Le Petit Prince or other specialty bakeries in the area.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,6/25/2010,103,74,2,5,7>This is what you dream of when you dream of a good taco. In my world, Mexican food is my life blood - I eat it more times a week than people think it is normal for someone that isn't of that heritage. I figure that I was born on Cinco de Mayo for a reason :)I had read Janelle P's initial review and had been craving the experience for a while (though I do tend to agree with her update). Fortunately my office moved downtown and I have been able to experience this taco wonderfulness many times.A variety of salsas and lime wedges come with the chips. They're all pretty good and are more authentic than most you can get. The first time I ordered tacos there they were pre-made, since then (maybe I got on their good side?) I get the platter and get to make my own. I enjoy their traditional pork but, have tried the chicken, steak and tongue and enjoy them all. I think their beans are tasty but not the best I've had. The rice is better than most.As everyone warns, bring cash - no plastic here. The grocer across the street has an ATM with a $1.95 fee. If you can order in Spanish it works in your favor and your service will be faster. Although I haven't experienced completely terrible service here. Their carry out is well sized and equally delicious.If you want tacos and aren't going to go the taco truck route it's one of the better options in the Mexicantown area. Try it - you'll like it!
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2010,6/24/2010,182,276,9,13,8>Moe, our Lebanese Canadian coworker comes through again! I was craving a Tuhamas Kafta sandwich and decide to try the Juice bar a few doors down that came highly recommended. I went inside and saw piles of fresh fruit; bananas, kiwis, apples, mangoes, coconuts, and much more. I looked at the Arabic menu and was a bit overwhelmed. with the choices. I asked the fella tending the bar to make me his best drink. He asked if I wanted chunky or smooth, to which I replied (of course) chunky. He proceeded to grab ripe bananas, strawberries, grapes, mango, kiwi, strawberry, blueberry, green and red apples, pears, papaya, and 3 different juices. He began assembling the ingredients into a multilayer cup of deliciousness. When the top was reached, he put on a dollop of ricotta, and topped it with almonds, pistachios, dates, and coconut. It was a marvel. See the picture. 4 dollars. Love in a cup, folks. Thanks again Moe!!!
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,6/23/2010,43,82,4,6,5>I gotta disagree with Janelle on this one. I'm no Indiana Jones on Indian food, but I've eaten at least 20 of them from Troy to Hamtramck to Seattle to New York, and I'd say Haandi is far from the worst in town - that said, it's far from the best I've had. I live in Detroit, so going to Novi or Troy is not really feasible for me. This basically leaves me with Gandhi in Hamtramck, which I don't like (the restaurant, not the city), the disgusting Star of India in Ferndale and some new joint that just opened in Royal Oak. What I'm trying to tell you, I guess, is that Haandi gets extra points for being better than the others in the immediate Detroit area. Ever since Sizzl'n Spice closed downtown, I haven't had truly amazing Indian food. I even ventured out to Canton to mow down on masala only to be disappointed. Anyway, back to Haandi. Try the pepper appetizer, something I'd never had before but definitely dug. It's probably not a true Indian dish, closer resembling a sizzling plate of fajitas minus the tortillas and with Indian spices. The aloo gobhi was pretty good, as was the palak paneer. The atmosphere isn't going to win anyone over, being in a typical suburban strip mall, but it was clean and service was decent when we were there.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2010,6/21/2010,48,139,6,10,10>I recently went back to New York City Pizza with a friend.  I parked right in front of the entrance to the store, and I noticed that there was a sticker on the door that says, "You've been Yelped."  Yes, they have been.  Amr, the owner, is a really responsive guy with regards to any constructive criticism that he has received.  I noticed that from the moment I parked my car in front of his door.In my review, I pointed out a misspelling on one of his signs.  The offending sign said, "PIZZARIA," as opposed to "PIZZERIA."  When I parked my car, I saw that the offending sign was gone!  I walked up to the counter, and the guy slinging the pizza dough around asked me if I was Robert.  I said that I was.  He introduced himself as Amr, the owner of the place.  He joked that I was the guy who made fun of him on the internet.  Sheepishly, I said I was.Amr is a great example of how Yelp* should be used by business owners.  Yelp* offers a way for a business owner to improve, to obtain feedback, to connect with customers, and ultimately, to obtain great exposure.  Amr uses Yelp* in just the right way.  Amr responded to all my criticism in a good natured way.  It was like he memorized my review.  Wow!Amr is a really personable, earnest and industrious guy.  One can't help but like the guy.  He's the guy who makes the dough, slings it around, makes your pizza, and runs the whole show.  He clearly knows and takes it to heart that he cannot afford to put out an inferior product.  Honestly, he does not.  He puts out a great product, and he's trying his best to please the customer and to put his best foot forward.  I think he's doing a great job.  I hope he succeeds.  He deserves it.Yay! I'm a fan!
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,6/20/2010,660,114,3,10,8>Such an awesome find.  Pretty small in size - probably seats 20 at the most,  but the flavor the kitchen generates is astronomical.  I was a total pig at lunch today ordering a Bahn Mi, Bun thit nuong, & an avocado milkshake.  The Bahn Mi was, quite possibly, one of the most perfectly constructed sandwiches I've ever had.  Warm & crusty French bread envelops pork roll, pork belly, carrots, cilantro, cucumber, jalapeno slices, & a sweet sauce that I could not pinpoint.  This sandwich has it all - salty pork, spicy chilis, fresh veggies, sweet sauce, & warm, delicious bread.  The flavors meld perfectly - not one of them overpowers another.  The best part? Yeah, it's only $2.50 - and it could easily work as a meal.According to the menu, Bun Thit Nuong is rice noodles with grilled pork & vegetables. The menu does not do this dish justice.  First off, the grilled pork is amazing - charred & tender.  Peanuts, fresh mint, carrots, cabbage, scallions - all totally fresh.  The mint adds a dimension to this dish that I'd never imagine.  Vietnamese food seems to rely heavily on using a number of flavors in every dish.  So far, they seem to use every flavor well.  On the side was a sauce that was both sweet & spicy.  I tasted it & proceeded to dump the entire contents of the bowl into my bun thit.  Once I finished the last of the noodles & pork, I slurped down the remnants.  Yup, no shame - it would've been a shame if I left that deliciousness behind.The avocado milkshake is a thing of beauty.  Decadent & not very sweet - I've made these at home, so I knew what I was getting, but that doesn't mean I was disappointed.  It was a wonderful shake & a perfect way to end a perfect meal.As previous reviewers have mentioned, they're closed on Wednesdays.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2010,6/19/2010,259,404,5,11,5>stupendous soul food, out-of-control catfish, low prices.***THIS PLACE IS CLOSED NOW :( SUCH A LOSS!!! r.i.p. Reggie's***I've spent years visiting and eating in and around Atlanta, and while no connoisseur, I know my way around a soul food menu. Something I learned today about southern catfish is that, pretty much across the board, people will make judgement calls on what is good and not-so-good catfish based on the most miniscule gradations of mediocrity, since every catfish joint serves more or less the same thing. It'd be like making evaluations between fast-food burgers - the differences are kind of puny - and the REAL distinctions are more about turf (ie. I'm a "Wendy's guy!"... for life!). Such is the case with southern catfish. You find your joint, and you stick it out till the end - despite the fact that the fish is all the same.I learn this lesson about southern cooking TODAY, because Reggie's Soul Food Café serves up the best catfish I've ever eaten in my life... by far. I'm talking atmospherically good catfish. Interplanetary levels of good catfish. A single order of catfish is served as a rather generously sized filet, covered in a hot and crispy fried batter that maintains its crunchy texture throughout (no soggy bottoms here) - but the REAL majesty of the catfish at Reggie's is that the fish itself is cooked to tender perfection. This is fish that has been through an exact science of time and temperature control. I've never had catfish that wasn't just slightly overcooked before - I always thought it was just an inherent flaw in the deep-frying process. But alas, there I was, finding juicy, flaky forkfuls of catfish packed with tongue-popping flavor, bite after bite. This wasn't just like true homemade fried catfish, this was like homemade fried catfish done by one who has taken the time to master the fine art of fish frying. I could go on with mighty metaphors and decadent descriptors, but I'll just move on with one final reiteration: BEST catfish I've ever had anywhere.The lunch special is served up with two sides (i had the mashed potatoes with gravy and mac n cheese) and a corn muffin. The mac n cheese was excellent and, though a slightly different style, I'd say it's better than Slow's. The mashed potatoes were extremely tasty though it was the only thing on the plate that seemed kind of standard - like great cafeteria mashed potatoes. If the catfish wasn't so out-of-control good, best I've ever had, than I'd probably fuss a little more over the potatoes, but, who cares - the fish was the show stealer. I added a small chicken wing on the side, and a can of coke to wash it all down. This large feast cost me under ten dollars. BARGAIN! You order up at the front and let them know if you're taking out or dining in - they'll bring the food out to your table after you've paid up front. I recommend dining in since the shop is lined with giant windows, allowing some great afternoon light to pour into the room - and a pretty nice partial-view of the city skyline as well. As a final note - the menu is actually quite diverse: BBQ, fried chicken, porkchop sandwiches, burgers, desserts, what seemed like 101 side dishes... whatever strikes your fancy, you're sure to find it on the menu.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,6/18/2010,65,102,3,9,8>If I could be any pastry, I would be a lemon bar from Pinwheel... And I just may turn into one if I don't stop eating these lovely treats....Pinwheel is hands-down the best bakery around. The cookies, cakes, and other little goodies are pure heaven. My favorites:Oatmeal cookiesLemon barsCracked Pepper PopoversGinger SnapsAll are made on premises by people who really care about what they are making and the people they serve. I especially like their cookie decorating kits available at Christmas time. The kit has Sugar Cookies, frosting in four colors, and all types of jimmies, etc for decorating cookies. My niece and nephews love being able to decorate their own cookies.If you haven't tried Pinwheel, I encourage to stop in and often!
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2009,6/17/2010,37,131,,8,4>My first prickly pear experience was about a year and a half ago (a mom&pop winner, for those of you playing along at home), and I came away impressed by three main features: 1) the house margaritas. They're just....really good.  I don't know what's so special about them--maybe that there's nothing special about them.  Just the right blend of tequila and lime--not too sweet.  You'll want it on the rocks with salt, of course (is there any other way?).  While I was drinking it I doubted it's strength, but after dinner we walked home almost 2 miles in the pouring rain, and I arrived singing and in good spirits...so something was working!2) the sweet potato pancakes.  Yummy!  Sweet, cinnamony, and lightly fried, you can get them as an appetizer and share, or choose your entree carefully to pick one that includes it. 3) the ceiling.  Brightly painted, cool molded shapes--retro plaster or, as my dad suggested, thin metal plates painted to look like plaster. Other than the ceiling, the decor is forgettable (prints of chili peppers, native american headdresses featuring antlers, and ugly upholstery on the booths), so just look up. Tonight, I went back for the first time since my first time, and found that all three of these were just as I remembered them.  (For the record, I've tried to go back at least a couple of times in the interim and it's always been way too mobbed...this time we strolled in just before 5:30 on a Friday and didn't have to wait at all. Chips were tasty and plentiful....the salsa impressed mostly with its bright colors--tasty and fresh, but not particularly spicy. What impressed me most about my meal was all the yummy stuff that came with it!  I ordered the honey-coconut glazed chicken and scallops.  For $14.50, I got:-chicken breast with a sweet coconut sauce (and lots of actual coconut)-6 lightly fried, good-sized scallops-a healthy serving of kind of a warm spinach salad, -a blend of roasted/sauteed bell peppers-a cold salad of black beans and dried cherries-a generous bowl of sweet, spicy mole sauce for dipping (went GREAT with the sweet potato pancake)- and the requisite rice and beans (in this case black beans, rice, and tomato with cheese melted on top).-...and this was the half order. In terms of eating coloful foods from all the food groups, this is probably the most well-balanced meal I've eaten in months.  I can also guarantee it's the most spinach I've ever eaten in one sitting.  Portions were generous, but the half order was just right--I left stuffed, but without leftovers.  SK had the shrimp and scallop quesadillas, which came with rice and beans, the black bean and cherry blend, a different vegetable mix of bell peppers and zucchini, and generous, hefty dollops of sour cream and guac.  Lots of places nickel and dime you on the premium toppings...SK is a condiments man, and it's nice to know they're all taken care of.Really the only reason this is 4 stars and not 5 is that the chicken was, well, chickeny.  A little tough, and a little dry.  Everything around it and on it was great, and the meal overall was fantastic....but the chicken itself was probably the lamest part of my chicken dinner.Nevertheless, I don't intend to wait another year and a half before coming back!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,6/16/2010,67,175,,5,3>I have been to several plays here, including Biloxi Blues, an adaptation of The Lion, Witch and the Wardrobe, and most recently One Flew Over the Cuckoo's nest.   All of them have been thoroughly enjoyable and the ticket prices have been great.  The set, lighting & costume design for everything has been highly admirable given what is undoubtedly a tight production budget.  To be quite frank, the acting has been a bit spotty in places, but then again these are students.  I'm not a qualified critic, but some characters have had a community theater feel to them -- just sayin'.My kids love theater, but not every play is kid-friendly - I wish Hilberry gave parents some more info on age appropriateness since there is no rating system like there is for movies.  Some are obvious, most aren't to me (or your average uncultured-but-interested engineer).  They might capture a broader matinee audience - maybe that's just not their thing.  It is right off the Warren/Forrest exit on the Lodge Expressway - Parking is close and fair priced, right across the street.  Wayne State cops patrol constantly in high-visibility, and I have always felt safe. Give Hilberry Theatre a try - you will be glad you did.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,6/15/2010,151,367,3,8,5>This is for the Bark Park only: During the warmer months, and sometimes in the winter, I will treat my pup to a trip to the Lyon Oaks Bark Park.  Lyon Oaks is part of the Oakland County Park system and is located on the border of Lyon  Twp. and Wixom.  I've only visited the dog park here, with the exception of once visiting the office to buy a park pass.  I haven't been on the trails here as they do not allow dogs on the nature trails, and I always have Dharma, the pup, with me when I come out here. The Bark Park is a 13 acre off-leash park that is divided into 2 large dog enclosures, a general meeting area and a small dog enclosure.  Only one of the two larger dog enclosures will be open to ensure that grass grows evenly in each section.  The dog always has a blast running around the whole park, no matter what the weather.  I have quickly learned that her favorite game is to get other dogs to chase her around the larger dog enclosures.  Of course it is nicest to bring her here during the summer but there are still dogs and their humans here in the middle of winter.  About 97.5% of the time the dogs and their owners have been friendly and nice.  I have witnessed some aggressive dogs and have heard stories about some incidences.  However, the owners are always quick to correct the dog's behavior and remedy the situation.  Just once in a while, you will get that dolt (human or dog) that has no pet-ettiquite.  Best thing to do is grab your pup and walk far away.  The hours for the park are great, they are open to about dusk everyday with the exception of Christmas.  I have even been to the park on Easter one year and it was open.  Passes can be purchased on a daily or yearly basis.  The yearly pass is $30 and allows you into all the Oakland County Parks.  Usually, passes are checked for on the weekends but I have once seen a cop drive by on a random Monday looking for park passes.  When visiting the park, its best to bring some drinking water and maybe a dish for the dog but leave treats and food at home.  Toys seem to be welcome but remember that other dogs may 'borrow' them for a wee while.  Lyon Oaks also has a golf course, banquet center, rec fields, hiking trails and nature center; all of which I have not experienced yet.
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,6/14/2010,44,163,1,5,3>Inexpensive, good food, huge portions, very nice staff.Highlights:Hummus: creamy, deliciousness...not mealy, gritty, or dry like some other restaurant hummus.Chicken Shwarma plate or sandwich: garlicky, flavorful...no odd parts/livery flavors present.Chicken Tawook: is a breast of chicken sliced instead of kebab-chunks but it suffers nothing from not being cubed. The marinade is savory and leaves the meat nice and juicy.Tabouli: no grit and hardly a stem to be found! Bravo! Simple, good parsley, onion, bulgar, and tomato - no funny stuff or extras. VERY satisfying.Grape leaves: both the meat and the veggie version are quite good, not heavily spiced with cinnamon which is a BIG plus in my book. The leaves aren't tough or stringy either.Lentil soup is quite good too.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,6/13/2010,40,168,1,3,4>After having passed this place every single day we decided to give it a try.  It is right down the street from our house, and we haven't tried any of the Middle Eastern or Mediterranean food since moving out here.  So why go into Royal Oak when we have a place right here?I was somewhat surprised by the wait.. it was a Tuesday night, but I suppose it is a small place.  We managed to find a seat at the bar and started on drinks.  There were only 2 tables ahead of us, and I was surprised how quickly they were able to turn the tables over.  We only had to wait like 15 mins.  They have absolutely no place for people to stand when there is a wait, so I'm glad we could squeeze in at the bar.  I found a Riesling I loved, and my boyfriend was happy to find a good IPA in bottle.  It looks as though they have a pretty good beer and wine list!We started with hummus, which was really good, although I prefer for it to be a little more garlicky.  Ahh well.  The pitas are cut and placed in baggies in a bread basket, and I kind of missed the kind that Palm Palace has (warm puffed up little pita pillows with sesame seeds)  All entrees come with soup, hummus, tabbouleh and rice.  The black bean soup is SO good.. almost like a vegetarian chili.. the spices were right on.  My boyfriend had the chicken schwarma, and his chicken was really moist and seasoned nicely.  I had the grape leaves, which I probably shouldn't have.  I always forget how lemony they are, and I just didn't care for them.  But they have a decent sized menu, so I'm sure I will have better luck next time.I finished off dinner with pistachio chocolate chip cake.  It was really, really good!  Little bit small (hey, I LOVE dessert..) but it was only like $2.50, so it's a steal.  They had a few other options, and I believe most are either made in-house or brought in from Pinwheel Bakery.Service was friendly and fast.  And I loved the decor/ambiance.  Hip, but not too cool where you feel out of place.. just right.  And they play a good XM Station.. I think it's called "Chill radio".  All in all, I'm actually looking forward to going back.  Good drinks, good food, good service.  Glad we finally tried it!
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,6/12/2010,143,110,10,18,13>Okay.  So I've been to a lot of the restaurants in Mexicantown/Southwest now, and I think I can make a fair assessment of what's what.  With that said, I will happily bestow La Tapatia with my second 5-star rating of this taco adventure.  Absolute authentic goodness.  For reals this time. At least, this is what I imagine authentic is, since I am neither Mexican, nor have I lived anywhere near Mexico.  I have a Mexican Aunt that made enchiladas sometimes and really amazing salsa.  That's my street cred.The menu is small, and pretty simple, but we still had questions.  That's why we were delighted when the waitress said "Do you need help with the menu?"  I asked her to tell me what Huaraches were, even though Allen L described it perfectly.  I would only add that it's not just salsa on there, it's salsa verde.  And it is delicious.  Totally different flavor combination from anything I've had in Mexicantown to date.  The queso fresco really contributed to that, I think.  The rice was incredible and the beans were good for mushy refrieds.I also ordered a single pastor taco, just so I'd know, and it was amazing.  The corn tortillas have the most amazing flavor and are fluffy.  How is fluffiness even possible!? I don't know, but they are.  The homemade chips and salsa are, not surprisingly, amazing.  The chips were probably the best I've had anywhere.  The salsa had a pretty unique flavor that we loved.The service was very attentive, complete with a little girl bringing us our second bowl of salsa and very carefully setting it down on the table and being quite pleased with herself for doing so.  The waitress checked on us periodically, having to come up the stairs (we chose to sit in the upper level of the bi-level restaurant) each time to do so.  I had the Huaraches dinner and one taco and my companion had three tacos with cheese and sour cream and it was all for a little under $12!!!  A total steal!Get yourself down to La Tapatia quick, before everyone else figures it out!  This place will make you so happy.  Also, it's right next door to the Mexicantown Bakery, so you can get your dessert on after.
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2010,6/11/2010,91,118,2,8,4>Comfortable seats, old-style Hollywood decor and it seems like more of a cool movie going experience.The Palladium is a great movie-going experience that beats the chain-theatres like AMC. The Palladium makes for a great place to take a date for a movie, considering its prime Birmingham location. There's parking across the street, which can run high, but if you go to a later show and can find street parking, you can park for free past 9pm.  Seats are very comfortable (as long as you don't have some jerk kicking you in the back). On my last trip, the movie was uncomfortably loud, though. Not sure if they've amped the volume in the past few months or if this was a freak occurrence.
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,6/10/2010,267,274,7,7,7>Yummmm....just thinking about Party Cakes makes my mouth water!My baby turned one at the end of January. sniff. We of course had a big ol' blow out party. Don't get me wrong...I love costco cake...but this occasion called for something more special. I had heard of Party Cakes in the past. Several of my family members had used them for parties and the cakes always turn out amazing. Most importantly their buttercream is heavenly. I am a HUGE frosting fan and if you can't make good buttercream I don't want anything to do with you. Theirs is fluffy and downright delicous. Thumbs up from me!Riley's birthday was a Winter ONE-derland theme (cute right???). We just told them we wanted something wintery and to work their magic. We were also pleasantly surprised to find out that when you get a first birthday cake it also comes with a free smash cake. Bonus! Less work for me! The cake was decorated beautifully and ... OMG ... tasted sooooooo good. We got so many compliments on the cake. I think my husband was in cake heaven. Their prices are very reasonable and they can pretty much create anything your heart desires. What I also like is that they really don't use much fondant. Who likes fondant? It tastes horrible. Even on their elaborate design cakes they use buttercream...yum. As a side note....I will say when I went to go pick up my cake Riley's name was spelled wrong. You could tell they were thoroughly embarrassed and quickly fixed it. You couldn't even tell there was a problem. Even with the spelling error I still give them 5 stars and will definitely be back for all my future cake needs!
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2010,6/8/2010,58,160,,5,4>Went here for the first time Saturday night for dinner.  The service was great, our waitress was knowledgeable and loved the food herself.    We ordered the Chicken Tikka, hot, it was delicious!  It comes out still sizzling and smoking (don't want to breath that in though, it will burn your throat).   It was American hot, which was our own fault for not stressing Indian hot, but the flavors were very good.  I have found that most Indian restaurants will not give you Indian hot unless you ask for it.   Also got the Palak Paneer, very yummy, just creamy enough, but not too creamy.  The Chicken (Murg) Shahi Korma was decadent and delicious.  Chicken Tikka Masala, was my least favorite, I tasted cilantro in it and I hate cilantro, but I suppose that is a taste thing, I know people who love the stuff.   Overall though I was very happy with my experience and cannot think of a reason they should not get 5 stars.
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,6/7/2010,173,266,1,9,6>Went here just yesterday for the first time thanks to a very nice friend living in Northville.  YAY for us!  Green grass, baseball field with tiny kids playing ball.  Walking path making it easier to push my stroller around.  A huge GIGANTIC wooden fortress for the kiddies to play on with swings too!  Needless to say my one yr old loved it.  He was running wild in this well enclosed play area.  Nice!  I love that there were picnic tables and benches...especially the ones right next to the small stream of water.  It was really flowing!  Cute little historic town was nice on our stroll.  I think baby would appreciate it more for educational values when he's a little older.  Currently the bridge from the park to the historic town was his favorite!  Oh, how can I forget.  we did have one very interesting encounter on our first visit....a family brought their pet tortoise!!  It was like 30 lbs of slow walking, kid attracting....repitle.  It was wandering around on the grass and almost wander onto the parking lot until the owner came rushing over to pick it up and carry it back.  That whole situation must have startle it because it..."poo"  while being carried.  Still a great experience to see a tortoise none the less.  So come on out and have a nice sunny day here.  We did a picnic with some sandwiches but I saw some who went all out and brought a picnic blanket and packed a whole basket and everything.  Looks fun.  Just be ware!  lots of people!  i mean were went at 7:30pm and it was packed.  Parking lot was full but I saw people parking across the street from the park.
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,6/5/2010,82,141,5,6,7>I attended Macomb from 2003-2005 and I loved every minute of it. I attended both the south and center campuses and each has it's own swagger of sorts. The college is general offers various courses which are on par or even better than what you would get at universities. I took most of my prerequisite courses at south and a few at center. What I love most about both the school is the small class sizes, quality education, CHEAP TUITION and tons of parking spots !! The south campus is older in comparison to the center campus and it shows in the aesthetics on the building. However, in terms of the people, I prefer the south campus. I felt that the people were more laid back and fun loving where as center campus is all about the school work (yea, you don't want that @school right, lol). The other subjective opinion is that the people at center seem to be more stuck up in comparison to the south. Overall, this is an AWESOME school and I would definitely recommend it to everyone.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,6/4/2010,58,63,8,8,7>Jazz... speaking as a musician, jazz is one of the hardest genres to define and one of the hardest to play (or, as we used to say, swing).  When it really swings, it can touch the soul.  My face literally tingles when I hear really good jazz.  (Actually that tends to happen when I hear any type of music that is good, but jazz especially.)Because of the loose definition of what is and isn't jazz, the followers of jazz tend to be very cliquish.  You have the "purist" who will only listen the standards, the "wannabe" who will know one or 2 popular pieces from a number of famous jazz artists and claim to be sophisticated because they "listen to jazz", and then you have musicians who tend to know the rules and openly defy them in the name of creating something new that can be called jazz.Here are some general rules to follow:John Coltrane = JazzKenny G = so not JazzElla Fitzgerald = JazzEnya = so not JazzAl DiMeola = Jazz/fusionWeird Al Yankovic = so not JazzOK, I know with the last example I'm gonna enrage the self-proclaimed "Jazz Purists" but the beauty of Jazz (at least for me, from the musician standpoint), is that it is such a fluid type of music.  The fact that Baker's Keyboard Lounge doesn't limit the performers to any one sub-genre of jazz is why I like Baker's so much.Baker's is everything I expect in a Jazz club.  Dark lighting, strong beverages, great history, a little seedy, good food, and a certain amount of unpredictability in that you never know who might show up to sit in with the scheduled performers.Speaking of the food... it is some of the best Soul Food in the D.  My favorite thing is the chicken liver and gizzard dinner with the mac & cheese and greens.  No, its not healthy, but that's not the point.  My soul is not lifted by low fat, low cholesterol, no salt added, skinless boiled whatever.  Give me deep-fried, bacon-infused. carbo-laden goodness!  That speaks to me.Baker's is the real deal... a place that serves up food and Jazz that fills my tummy and tweaks my musician's heart.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2010,6/2/2010,221,215,7,8,4>A lady once told me about her love for Le Petit and said when she dies she wanted her head stone to be shaped like a big cake with the words "butter cream and fat here's where she's at" with an arrow pointing at the ground. She said this was because she would drive from Cass Corridor several times a week to get something amazing from the Prince. I could not agree with her more. Over the holidays I made a promise to my sweet BF I would get him Bouche de Noel since he had never tired it. Yes, I did get one from another bakery in Birmingham, BUT I got 2 from Le Petit! Let's just say the other one was forgotten when we sunk our forks into that perfect cake! I have had many many things from Le Petit and never once felt like I could find it anywhere else. They make all of their treats exactly the way they are supposed to be made, with love, and great ingredients!!! Je t'aime Petit Prince!
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2009,6/1/2010,52,127,5,16,10>When uploading several hundred photography pictures to my Facebook this summer. I created an album specifically for Belle Isle. Several of my friends instate and out of state gave me overall the same question, "Where is this at?" When telling them Detroit some remembered "Oh yeah, I was there when I was 7 years old." Others mainly from out of state couldn't believe it. They just could not believe that the city of Detroit has something so beautiful, not only a park, but it's an island. Belle Isle (beautiful island) was once the home of General Alexander Macomb whose memorial statue is on the island. In the 1880s the park was designed and landscaped by park designer Frederick Law Olmsted who also designed New York's Central Park. There are several picnic shelters and a variety of things to do and see on Belle Isle.Two of Belle Isle's most impressive sights are the Belle Isle Aquarium and the Anna Scripts Whitcomb Conservatory. Both were constructed in 1904 and the Aquarium was the nation's oldest operating aquarium until it was closed in 2003 due to budget cuts. The Conservatory is still the nation's oldest operating conservatory. The conservatory was designed by famous architect Albert Kahn who designed Ford Motor Company's Highland Park Plant, the Detroit Police building, the Fisher building and the Belle Isle Casino as well. The conservatory is named in honor of Anna Scripps Whitcomb who left her 600 plant orchid collection to the city. During World War 2 bombing of Great Britain by the Nazi's rare orchids were saved and transported to the Anna Scripps Whitcomb Conservatory. The conservatory contains perennial gardens, annual flower beds, a rose garden, a lily pond, a cactus room, a fernery, a palm house in the large dome, and tropical economically important plants in the south wing such as bananas, oranges, coffee, and sugar cane.The Belle Isle Casino located not far away is used for occasional public events, weddings, and available for rental. When the original casino burned down in the late 1880s Albert Kahn designed the current casino and erected in 1908. It is a very nice Renaissance Revival building with a terracotta roof and gives the viewer a sense of feeling on the Mediterranean.Adjacent to the Anna Scripps Whitcomb Conservatory is the Nancy Brown Carillon Peace tower. It stands 85ft tall and is dedicated to Detroit News writer Nancy Brown who raised most of the money from her readers.The Dossin Great Lakes Museum is the world's largest collection of scale-model Great Lakes ships and maritime memorabilia. The Museum includes the pilothouse from the S.S. William Clay Ford freighter and the bow anchor of the S.S. Edmund Fitzgerald. It is only open Saturdays and Sunday 10 am to 4pm, but is open Year-round. The James Scott Memorial Fountain was built with $500,000 donated to the City of Detroit by James Scott to build a fountain for him on Belle Isle. It was designed by Cass Gilbert and was built in 1925. On one side a sitting statue of James Scott, the other, a beautiful fountain that not only shoots out water but at light puts on magnificent light show. The fountain is open from early spring to about August I would say although I am not sure. It is constructed of Vermont White Marble and has 109 water outlets in the shape of human heads, dolphins, turtles, lionesses, and animal horns.The Belle Isle Water Slide and Beach open the second week in June and are open through Labor Day. For only $3 you can enjoy the slide all day long and starting July 13th on Sunday's from 6 to 8 p.m. you can enjoy Jazz on the beach. Kid's Row is Belle Isle's half-acre complex of play areas and slides, climbing surfaces, animal sculptures and a merry-go-round.Belle Isle Golf Facilities include the driving range and actual golf course. The gold course is a 9hole course with 7 of them at par three ranging in distances from 130 to 160 yards.The William Livingstone Memorial Lighthouse is on the far north of the island and is made from Georgia marble and is 58ft tall with 80ft including the 11,500 candlepower lantern room. It is visible for up to 15miles.The White House and Greenhouse is a Whitehouse and Greenhouse facility located next to the Belle Isle Aquarium and Conservatory. The White House is used for the offices of Belle Isle and the Greenhouse is used by the Belle Isle Botanical Society. The last Saturday in May each year the Belle Isle Botanical Society has a plant sale here.No park is complete without Athletic complexes. Belle isle is a 36-acre athletic field for softball, baseball, football, soccer, rugby, basketball, and track. There are also handball and racquetball courts.The 200-acres of woodlands that are drivable by car are very beautiful and are north of the island by the golf course and lighthouse. The Belle Isle Nature Zoo is an exhibit I haven't visited but supposedly all the 200 deer that were on the island are fenced in and being taken care of.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2009,5/30/2010,125,326,8,9,8>I am definitely a fan of Holiday Market - while I am aware that there are ways in which Nino's exceeds Holiday's selection... Holiday is WAY closer to my house and therefore wins.I do not go to Holiday Market to do my normal grocery shopping - I do not have that kind of money.  I do, however, stop in when I want to pick up something that the "cheaper" stores might not carry.  This place has the best wine, beer and liquor selection of any "grocery" store I have every stepped foot in.  Furthermore, the help in that section of the store is superb.  Ashley is very knowledgable in the world of beer, and seems to be working every time I stop in. They have the normal brands, tons of microbrews - 6-packs, cases, or single bottles.  All sorts of good stuff.  The wine selection is also fab- and when I stopped in a few days ago there was a man wearing awfully bright and hideous green pants that helped me to make the perfect wine selection.  Also, I had gone to three liquor stores that day looking for Phillips Union whiskey.. none of them had it.  Holiday did.  I should've known better!So in realms outside liquid refreshment, I also rarely go to Holiday without buying something REALLY bad for me from the bakery.  It's too delicious not too- I also end up picking up some sort of yummy specialty chocolate.  I love chocolate, they have chocolate - it is a win-win situation.I know that Holiday market has many things to offer that I do not use them for- I will be honest, I have very INfrequently purchased anything but baked goodies and alcoholic beverages, so it is not fair for me to rate them on anything else.  One way or another, I will continue to stop in- to develop a headache trying to park- to spend a bunch of money that doesn't mean anything on my frequent shopper card since alchol purchase don't count - and to leave with a smile on my face.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,5/29/2010,191,72,5,8,5>Classic, classic, classic dive.This place is as cool as the other side of the pillow.I generally go there on Thursdays for some kick-ass karaoke with The Millionaire and his Millionairess, Molly Sweat. Damone bartends ice cold Pabst & Strohs, but they also have Guiness and other "fancy" beers on tap. I love the crowd here -- the mix of hipsters, weirdos, rockers and Polish cool kids (and Czech cool kids; don't forget about Milan!) has been known to dance. Like really really dance. It's awesome! Most karaoke crowds just clap or sing along or stare into their beers.But seriously. I've had couples start slow-dancing to a Motown tune I sang, group freak-out dance to more rockin' tunes, and just generally make fools out of themselves! What could be better??Plus, the booze is cheap, there's a pool table if you're not into karaoke, and the special seat above and behind the bar for those who love to lurk.WIN!
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,5/28/2010,83,91,4,6,6>Oh Tamales.... you are the light at the end of my hunger tunnel, the joy of my day and the 8th wonder to the world. And this place has some of the best I've had. Now I don't know how traditional they are, but I do know how good they are. The Masa so smooth and moist with a nice little sauce on top and they come with a nice little vinegar-y cabbage salad on the side. Yum!The store front is adorable and staff is super sweet. I vote it a must if you like tamales.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,5/27/2010,79,74,13,12,6>BEST GENERALS CHICKEN/ORANGE CHICKEN I'VE EVER HAD. I hate to admit this, but I once had completely given up on Generals chicken due to the un-invited surprises that I would get for the "chicken" in the Generals chicken. You all know what I'm talking about, you may better know it as mystery meat (cue the dark and creepy music). The one dish that I felt I never would get sick of, and would always come back to, let me down so bad, that I literally quit eating it because the quality of the chicken, despite where I went, was so grotesque. I once pondered, I love Buffalo Wild Wings' Asian Zing wings so much, why don't I just order fried rice and an egg roll and call it good? Well, I never tried that, because my wallet wouldn't be too happy with me; so I continued my abstinence from Generals chicken. Until one fateful and glorious day I chose to throw a Hail Mary, and go check out this place I've only driven by, called King Shing, and try their Generals chicken; one of the best culinary decisions I've ever made. THEIR CHICKEN FOR GENERALS CHICKEN IS ALL WHITE MEAT! This is the dish I had been longing for for so long. No more mystery meat (yippee!) This is by far the closest I will ever get to my fantasy of eating Asian Zing BDubs wings with fried rice, and I don't feel like I'm making that much of a compromise. If you, like me, had once given up your love of Generals chicken due to the fact that you just couldn't handle putting another piece of that deep fried mystery meat in your mouth, then rejoice, because your love has now been renewed, compliments of King Shing.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2010,5/26/2010,200,255,6,5,5>I'm so mad that I never went to Casey's back when I lived in the neighborhood.  I finally went a few months ago and really liked it.I had a ridiculously awesome turkey burger with Tillamook cheddar, lettuce, tomato, and grilled onion.  The turkey burger was tender and juicy.  The only flaw was that the patty was a bit loose and started to fall apart, but I didn't care; it was so tasty.  I liked that the burger came on an onion roll, and I really liked all the different topping choices.  The fries were also really good.They have a ton of different condiments on each table, which is nice.Just an FYI, I was at Casey's in the dead of winter and sat at a booth by a very drafty window.  As a result, I was really uncomfortable... until I warmed my stomach with my humongous turkey burger and fries.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,5/25/2010,188,247,6,7,7>What better than sharing an Indian meal with new friends. And what better way to sample a whole slew of Indian food than at a buffet.   Namaste has a fantastic buffet. I couldn't even begin to describe what the names of the various dishes were, but I know that most were unique and they all complimented each other very well.I did recognize a few chicken dishes, and one being Chicken Chettinad. This was full of flavor, and much hotter than I expected, but it was a heat that went away after a few and let you enjoy the savory flavor. One thing that is very evident, the smell of curry. What a wonderful aroma to fill your nostrils when you stomach is looking for nourishment. Another great thing I noticed about this restaurant was that most of the patrons appeared to be of Indian decent. No poseurs here... well maybe me, but this tell me that this is authentic food, and that is what I'm looking for. Why bother with a cheap imitation.So now I need to plan my return to Namaste, maybe order off the menu next time and truly enjoy some of the various tastes.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2009,5/24/2010,47,104,2,3,2>What better place could there be for the husbands to gather while the wives are busy baby showering? Football, turkey hunting, and bass fishing played on TV's in all corners, the waitresses were very attentive and they've got a a beer list that will please even the most discriminating beer drinker. Also, if you're into scotch, then you will be pleased with the nearly 15 varieties to select from, 10's to 21's. Now onto the food, as the menu doesn't disappoint. They have a large selection of burgers, buffalo dishes such as buffaloaf, or the buffalo melt, pub favorites like shepherds pie. Also, terrific jack daniels bbq ribs, and campfire whitefish. My favorite of all however is the Road Kill Grill, complete with quail, venison tips, and wild boar sausage. I had this along with a cup of the venison chili. After our meal our waitress topped us off with a free chocolate chip cookie which was fantastic. This is a great place to hang out, drink beer, and enjoy some outstanding food. The atmosphere is exactly what we were looking for and we all had a great time.
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2010,5/23/2010,95,91,3,7,5>Did I seriously forget to write a review about Amici's? How could I - this place holds its own place in my monthly budget. Wow, I'm slacking.I can come off as a snob when it comes to getting dinner - I'll eat 97 percent of pizzas, but chances are I'll be dabbing the grease off the top and peeling off the pepperoni/bacon/other meat cramping my style. Then Amici's entered my life. Mid-college. Pizza hasn't tasted the same since.Call me weird, but I prefer a wheat crust pizza with asparagus instead of a super supreme pile of toppings. Their signature pies are just pure deliciousness - do not shy away from what you think sounds silly. One of my favorites is the salmon pizza... instant craving now. Tips if you're trying this place out for the first or fifth time:** Can't decide which to get? They'll let you split your pie in half so you can try two different tastes.** Breadsticks come with the pizza. Ask for the parmesan romano dressing with your bread/pizza - a fantastic sub for ranch and a perfect compliment to the homemade marinara dipping sauce. ** Peek at the board near the bar and on the piano for the day's specials. Drinks and pizza at a discount sometimes can help settle the internal debate of what to get.** If you're making a night of it, save room for a sweet martini after dinner. Key Lime Pie, Samoas, Almond Joy, Banana Split... yea, all liquid desserts. ** If there are no tables when you walk in, make sure you find the staffer who is keeping the list for a table. Chances are, the list will be on the back of a bio-degradable plate in his/her back pocket :) Last note - I originally fell in love with this place because it's perfect for the hippie like me - example: forks/knives made of potato product (so they completely decompose), so brownie points to any guys looking for a way to impress their environmentally-friendly gal.
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,5/22/2010,51,148,4,16,7>Maybe you're like me and a small sign on the edge of Rochester road telling you that Peacocks is indeed open to the public is something you might have a hard time believing.  And then maybe, if you are interested enough to turn onto the road you may be dismayed by the house right next door and the tiny building that you pull up to.  But don't dismay!  Keep going and you'll find the freshest eggs, Amish poultry that they drive down to Indiana on Monday's to get and other all-natural products that will blow your mind once you taste them. It's not overpriced by any means and it's a family run business.  The people who work there are great and always have suggestions if you're overwhelmed by the little stores offerings (from frozen Amish chicken soup,  to fresh jams and jellies to two pounds of unsalted butter) they carry a wealth of products that are of the highest quality.They're not open on Monday's or Sunday's and I don't think they're open late, but if you can get there it's worth it.  They do ship some of their product out to stores and I know you can get some of their poultry at Market Fresh (On 13 & Southfield) if you can't make it out to Troy.  (But you should b/c this place is great!)Here's the website: peacockspoultryfarm.com
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,5/21/2010,37,71,4,6,7>I went to Mudgie's for the first time today and I will definitely be back.  A co-worker and I were greeted as soon as we walked in.  Our waitress promptly came to our table and got our drink orders and told us the soup and special of the day.  I ordered iced tea, which the waitress said people had been raving about.  They have different kinds of iced tea everyday. Today's was Winter White Ice and I thought it was pretty gross. But apparently other people liked it, so what do I know... I got the special sandwich and it was awesome - roasted chicken, applewood bacon, carmelized onions, sauted spinach and the best part of the sandwich was the Bell's Best Brown Ale cheddar blue cheese cream, on a grilled foccacia.  As soon as she mentioned that Best Brown was in the cheese sauce, I had to get it.  The sandwich was huge so I didn't bother getting any sides. Nothing comes with the sandwiches, so the various sides (macaroni salad, coleslaw, potato salad, etc.) are extra. My co-worker didn't get anything extra either, so I can't attest to them, but I would assume they're pretty good.  The prices are a little high, our two  sandwiches were $8.50-9.50, but I would say it was money well spent. I did check out the bathroom for my friend and fellow Yelper Valerie, who always appreciates a good bathroom review. It was a one person bathroom and very clean, so no hesitation if you need to use the restroom while you're at Mudgie's.
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2010,5/20/2010,99,529,1,8,5>Wow. What a hidden gem--I can't believe we waited almost two years to try this place that is so close to home...and soooo good!For a strip mall establishment, the interior was completely unexpected (at least to me)...definitely more Chic than Cafe with multiple gorgeous paint colors, appropriate decorations, and upholstered club chairs at the tables! It wasn't busy at all (two other tables when we got there and only maybe two more plus a group by the time we left) but it seemed like the people who were there were regulars (or were at least familiar with the place).Our waitress was very nice and welcoming, and our son (14 months old) flirted shamelessly with her and any other waitress that walked by and they all had to stop by our table and talk or wave to him and tell us how cute he was. The menu was...huge. And everything sounded good--one of those places where you couldn't decide because you wanted everything. And, honestly, the prices were a bit more expensive than I had imagined from my initial impression (that dang "cafe" in their name!)...but they were appropriate for a nicer, classier restaurant. We had waters and bread pretty quickly. But first a word or 40 about the bread. Yum. A basket of rolls and focaccia  (I think? I'm not good with bread types) with a side of baked garlic oil for dipping...which was incredibly tasty. The focaccia? Just the right amount of spice and crisp. The rolls? Perfectly crusty on the outside and perfectly chewy and moist on the inside. And made even more yummy with the garlic oil. I probably could have made a meal of that alone...but we had salads and entrees coming.I couldn't decide between the Spaghetti Carbonara and the Meat Ravioli, so I nicely asked if I could get a combination plate (they did offer such a thing on the menu, but the choices didn't include the carbonara). The waitress said she'd ask. Hubby got the Chicken Marsala. The salads were fresh and crisp with a variety of lettuces (mostly iceberg, but with pieces of curly endive, arugula, and radicchio), a tomato slice, a black olive, and a sprinkling of garbanzo beans! I love garbanzo beans on salad, so it was a nice surprise. Also a surprise? The waitress saying the chef said "no problem" for my combination plate. YAY for great customer service!Before we knew it (but very shortly after finishing our salads) we were getting our entrees. The carbonara was fork-twirling cheesy goodness. Hubby's chicken was tender and moist and perfectly seasoned. My side of meatballs was really good, too--nice and moist meat with really tasty marinara sauce (I usually never order marinara because it's bland, so it was a welcome surprise).Dirty plates were cleared quickly, waters were kept filled, and the waitress came by to check on us just enough. Our coupon was taken with grace (oh yeah, they're on restaurant.com bay-bee!) and both our bill and the to-go box were brought quickly. As we were preparing to leave, another waitress came over and asked how everything was, telling us our server was new and asking how she was. Honestly, I hadn't even given it one thought, and we told her that she had been great. This is definitely our new go-to Italian place, and we are already making plans to go back. I'd much rather go to this mom and pop place than some place like Olive Garden, Marinelli's, or even Carrabba's. Please, try this gem. Just not so many of you that it makes it impossible for me to get in, though. Okay then. Thanks!
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2010,5/19/2010,21,72,,7,4>We wandered into Cliff Bells before a concert at the Fillmore this weekend.  We had been meaning to go and have dinner there, and thanks to the lack of seating at Park Bar/Bucharest Grill, we were able to check it off our list.There were so many options that were jumping out at us, it was hard to make a decision on an entree.  My husband ordered frog legs as a side, which he said were just OK, and he ordered the duck dumplings as his main dish.  He liked them, but with so many other options on the menu, I think he was slightly disappointed in his selection.  I ordered the veal meatloaf and couldn't have been happier with my choice.  The portion was enormous (which my husband ended up finishing off) and the flavors were perfectly melded together.The drink menu also gets a thumbs up in my book.  Great beer list and I loved the old fashioned cocktails, such as the Vesper and Side Car.  We are definitely going to go back again...just too many things to try!
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2010,5/18/2010,91,123,4,12,5>Grilled cheese and tomato soup is one of my favorite meals other than breakfast so when I heard about this place I was really excited to check it out. I was nervous about the soup because I am picky about how I like tomato soup. It has to have the perfect ratio of sweetness to saltiness and cream. The soup here was spot on for me. The perfect blend. I got the lunch special half sandwich and soup for $5.99 which was a pretty good deal and much better than Panera. The sandwich I got was a tomato and mozzarella with pesto that was lightly grilled and it went great with the soup. It was just the right amount of food too for lunch.Someone mentioned before that they don't have fountain pop but they did have a machine when I went in.The service was great. The owner was there who was very friendly and open to suggestions about the menu.
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2010,5/17/2010,104,113,4,2,5>Dear Channel 955,Thank you for hiring the greatness that is Mojo, Spike, and Shannon.  Thankfully, the suits at this station allow these fantastical people to wake me up every morning rather than have me use the "alarm" setting on my clock radio -- which explains the rather large dent in my wall from throwing it.  Now, I no longer hit snooze about 8 times in a row but sometimes set my radio to wake up earlier just to get a good laugh in before getting ready for the day.I never once thought I'd enjoy sitting in bumper to bumper, totally halted, not going anywhere for hours morning traffic.  This delay in traffic allows me to listen longer.  This therefore, in turn, allows me to yell at my boyfriend after listening to War of the Roses and blame him for all the shady things men do.  I know he appreciates it.These guys taking up 5 hours of radio time every morning makes my life that much better that day by starting it off with lots of laughs.  Or, in the very least, irritated about something that I therefore, somehow, and inevitably blame my boyfriend for because these guys are so awesome they should remain blameless.There's something about a morning phone scam that makes one sit back in your seat going "wow, I'm glad I haven't peeved someone off enough to set me up for one of these."  Or how about Shannon's Dirty on the 30?  I love hearing about the train wreck of a life celebrities lead because I always think "wow, that time I got schwasted, stripped off my clothes and danced on a table, and then left with a 400 lb foreigner" doesn't look so bad now!Thank you Clear Channel for Channel 955!!!Sincerely,Cranky, lovable, NOT a morning person listenerIn all seriousness ... Channel 955 is the greatest thing in my morning, and they should be yours' too.  After Mojo in the Morning, which ends at 10, they are followed by a string of great radio personalities.  Then there is Buda.  I would normally knock them a star for having hired him in the first place, but currently during the 7:00 slot of the show they are giving away Lady GaGa tickets I desperately want.  Therefore, I'll let Buda slide -- for now.Listen to Channel 955, NOW!  They are the best radio station in the Detroit area -- that is a fact. :-)
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2009,5/16/2010,135,218,2,5,5>Went out to Grange with my parents last weekend because they were in town and I like to make the most out of parental visits (ie get treated to a fancy dinner I'd otherwise not be able to afford at this juncture).  I love the whole farm-to-table ideal and think they do a good job sourcing all of their food + drink.  We started with a cheese plate with Wisconsin and Michigan cheeses that were fabulous, and some wines by the glass.  My $6 Syrah was fantastic.  Entrees we sampled were the grass-fed filet, chicken, and rhubarb-garnished pork.  Everything was cooked to perfection and the service was lovely.  The place got a little loud which you don't expect in an  upscale restaurant, but I suppose it's a sign that it was full and will (hopefully) be a success.  Definitely going to bring the in-laws on their visit... ;)
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,5/15/2010,44,77,6,6,3>I am in love with the lamb chops here! They are so tender and deeeeelicious! I felt that I was definitely assaulted with food at this place. We ordered hummus to start and that bread is so easy to fill up on! The dinner entree came with a gigantic salad and I ate a whole plate of those pickled purple things. I hardly had room for the 2 lamb chops I ate. I took the rest home, and to my surprise, they reheated very well!The service was really good too.If you are on a low carb diet, stay away! The bread just seems to magically appear on the table when you are reaching for the last piece.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2009,5/14/2010,40,84,8,11,10>Hamtramck and it's incredibly authentic Polish community and restaurants are truly a special gem to the Detroit area. And when I want food that tastes like my extended Ciocias (aunts) made it, this is the place I will now forever come to. Do yourself a favor, try a little of everything. Try their homemade sausage, eat a potato pancake filled with goulash, try whatever perogis have been made that day, and for whatever you may believe in sake, don't leave without at least sampling their dill pickle soup. As Janelle P. said, it's thick and creamy, like potato soup, but has the flavors of dill pickles. I ended up buying a quart for a mere $3.80 that will have to last me until my next rainy day craving for comfort foods.Yes, the rumors are true. The waitstaff is part of the atmosphere. Beautiful and hypnotizing eastern European girls that might make you feel like you've wandered onto a James Bond movie set will distract you, but they're also great servers that know the menu inside out. If you're a Polish food rookie, they'll be happy to be your tour guide. Lots of vegetarian options, Polish beer and incredibly reasonable price to portion ratios make this restaurant a winner in my book, but what really takes the cake for me is the fact that they are non smoking. They're also one of the only authentic Polish restaurants in Hamtramck to take cards, albeit at a slight charge (believe me, the Polish Trio that comes with two potato pancakes, two perogis and a fresh sausage plus the soup or salad at $6.95 will make you feel fine and dandy about paying that service fee).This restaurant is often compared to Polish Village, which I also enjoy, but to me, this is just more authentic. Great atmosphere, Polish music over the speakers and a really great crowd. I can't say enough good things.Next time I'm in, I'll definitely try the duck blood soup and the stuffed cabbage. So good, so filling, so everything I need on a rainy day in Detroit.
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,5/13/2010,223,265,7,12,8>Motz was great.  A fantastic "slider" - onions grilled underneath a burger underneath the bun.It was simple and simply perfect.  We used to say "good, fast, cheap; pick two."  Motz is pretty much all three.I also had an egg and bacon sandwich on white toast.This is what Blimpy's should be .... and sometimes is, on a good day.What else do you need?Service was fast, friendly and on the ball.  The woman running the grill started my order as soon as she heard me tell the waitress.  I'm keeping this short and sweet just like Motz.
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,5/12/2010,252,310,9,10,10>First, I'd like to thank God for this wonderful experience, secondly the Thai people of the U.S., and last but not least - my fellow Yelpers for pointing me to this small plaza in Troy that I hadn't stopped to give a chance until now!Many Thai restaurants flood themselves with decor and ambiance, and serve up a mediocre excuse for Thai food - these are places we go to when our friends say, "OMG, let's do Thai!" and rarely remember or care to tell stories of. The situation here is quite the opposite. We stopped in here for a group dinner of about 15 of us, and the restaurant obliged to give us the seating since it was around 8pm after peak dinner hours. We took up about 3/4 of their modest dining space. I ordered the Tom Yum soup with chicken. It was spicy & sour, hot & steamy, with all the fresh veggies, herbs, and chicken I'd want in it without ruining my appetite.Let's get to the good part. I wanted to try something these guys do REALLY WELL and unique, and so according to popular recommendation, I ordered the Southern Thai Noodle dish, with EXTRA beef (so that it could be shared with my girlfriend). The staff was very kind in replacing the American broccoli with "gai lon" (hard to find Chinese broccoli), which only made the dish better, as per Dea's reccomendation. The dish came out promptly, steaming hot - beef pieces still sizzling fresh off the grill 10 yards away. The aromatic curry powder had the hairs in my nostrils standing alert and quick to notify my salivary gland. VIsually, the dish was flawless. The wide rice noodles should have came with a "wide load" warning. They were so delightfully wide! The cut carrot, onion, and "gai lon" Chinese broccoli that we replaced for traditional broccoli into the dish suited the dish very well. The double portion beef for just an extra $2 had us able to split the carbs, and share the protein lavishly two ways. These sticky noodles had a pronounced curry flavor, and it meshed so well with the freshly grilled beef. It amazed me that they were able to whip this dish up so promptly! I ordered the dish hot, just one notch shy of very hot, and it came out with a perfect spice level that exhilarated my taste buds without taking away from the flavor of the dish. Being South Indian and having a tongue for spicy food, I was still able to dip my forkfuls of heavenly goodness in Sriracha sauce. My girflriend, who has visited her uncle in Thailand claimed that, "this place is the closest to authentic Thai flavors that she has ever tasted stateside!"Hands down, this is the best Thai restaurant I've been to in metro-Detroit - and I've been to quite a few. If you are dining out for a special occasion, the casual & minimal sized dining area may not suit you. But for a guy like me who can sacrifice the bells & whistles for mouthwatering food at a cheaper price tag - this is my kind of Thai place, especially for take-out, but why settle for take out when you can eat the best Thai in the area straight away in their dining space? Our Tom Yum soup and double meat Southern Thai Noodle only came to $14. Very agreeable indeed. I forgot to get their homemade beef jerky - I will surely stop by to pick some up another time, it'd be great to have on hand my next drinking night! (Yes, jerky & liquor go hand in hand for me).This is one of a rare breed of Thai restaurants - no frills and makes REAL and tasty Thai dishes in a modest space, for a modest price. Best of all, these guys don't have to throw coconut milk curry into 3/4 of their dishes for taste - nope - dishes each hold their own ground flavor-wise. This place reminds me of Thuy Trang in Madison Heights - it's a simple, modest place with affordable pricing - but it does what it's supposed to do, which is serve up the best & most authentic Thai food at a low price!Usually when I think dinner, I don't think Thai - but now that has changed. If I'm in Detroit & thinking Thai - I think Thai Taste! Light on the wallet, heavy on the taste. Doesn't get better than that! I am going to be dreaming about this dinner tonight.
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,5/11/2010,794,350,16,11,14>Did you ever have to take a napkin, fold it in half, and sop up the grease from the pepperoni? Did you ever feel like there was this huge lump of cheese and dough in your stomach that just didn't seem to digest? Did your ever see dead people as your sight started to blurr?Talk about an acquired taste for something, this is the place. We went here after our afternoon of glowing balls at the Thunderbowl across the street. Years have passed since the last time I was here. The smell brought me back. The reason the pepperoni puddles with grease is because of how thick it is sliced. It rolls into the perfect cup with just enough room to hold all the grease without any spillage. But the taste of the pizza is just as I remembered it. The cheese is plentiful and sweet tasting. The dough cooked just enough to be soft to the bite. The sauce is also different, not too spicy, not too sweet. An evening of bowling and Sylvia's pizza reminds me of a Jethro Tull song saying "greasy fingers smearing shabby clothes". This brought me back to first dates of bowling, pizza and a good night greasy kiss.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2009,5/10/2010,45,114,4,3,3>The Breakfast Club in Farmington is quaint. Pictures of fruit and flowers abound. Doilies are tossed about everywhere. Genteel elderly ladies sip coffee while reminiscing about the good ole 50's. There is a replica of a menu from the last meal on the Titanic in a frame. Fear not, and get in line. There's a wait...cause the breakfast here is fantastic. The coffee is strong and flavorful. The pancakes are so fluffy you could bounce a quarter off of them. (hypothetically speaking, cause I don't play with my food)The bacon is not included with most meals but you can order it ala carte. Its thick and appears to be oven baked. I'm a crispy crunchy kind of bacon fan, but this variety is flavorful and smokey. Just when I thought I was stuffed to the brim, a plate of cold chocolate dipped strawberries arrives with the bill. Well, I think I can make room for a couple of bites of strawberry after all.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,5/9/2010,48,55,4,10,9>Diet breaker!!!! I couldn't have picked a more exceptional place to do it too. I had some friends in from Chicago who always complain about where they were taken to eat in the past visits. I had to make sure to impress this time around so I chose Due Venti.    On a Saturday at 6:00 they had room to accomidate 4 dressed down mid 20's who were clueless as to the fact that a reservation is recommended. We were seated quickly and got cozy in an instant in this dimly lit minimally (not fashionable minimallistic, but more normal italian joint swag, but toned down tastefully) decorated place. The atmosphere is nice, there were a fair few older groups dressed in a business casual scale niceness in there, but none of them looked twice at our t-shirt clad crew.   Our waitress was over within a second to get things rolling. She was very knowledgable about the resturaunts theme and all the fine details of the food and drink offerings. On top of knowning whats going on she was over the top nice which has come to be somewhat rare with my dining experiences lately.    On to the food and drink. The reisling I ordered was very nice, it has been a few weeks so I can't recall everything about it, but I remember it having a citrusiness to it, and not being too over-baringly sweet (which I find many michigan reislings to be). The homemade bread and butter was good. While the bread lacked any standout characteristics, the tomato basil butter was subtle, but very nice.     The special for the day was Chicken 2 ways, a smoked leg and breast confit with some sort of carrot honey puree. 2 of our group ordered this, and were pleased by it, one gushing over the carrot honey puree.    I ordered the gnocchi with raisins lentils pancetta and swiss chard covered in olive oil. The dish was fantastic! The ricotta gnoochi was a little denser than my own or other resturaunts (gnocchi is the first dish I try at any Italian place) which I found I enjoy more than the pillowy versions. Getting a fork full of all of it together was a wonderful balance of earthy, sweet, and robust flavors of all different textures. The pancetta always seemed to the be the last lingering flavor in your mouth. I thought that they put a few too many lentils in the dish, but I guess if you like them alot, shovel down, if not just push them to the side.    All around it was a great experience of wonderful food, a decent atmosphere and stellar service. My friends from Chicago got back to their room satisfied. Place would probably make for a better date night than 4 old friends trying to catch up though.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,5/8/2010,52,123,10,8,7>I feel like I'm piling on a great Janelle review, but she's right...  Not just about chimps and calculus, but also about Yemen Nights Cafe. This place rocks.The somewhat seedy, but well maintained,  exterior (right next to an even seedier adult bookstore) belies a surprisingly upscale interior.  Upon entry, your sense of smell tells you that you aren't in Kansas.... or Detroit anymore. My favorite mideastern meal is called Ghallaba, or Galaya.  One name originally refered to the dish, the other name referes to the pan used to make the dish.  I don't remember which is which.  Ghallaba is a sautee of meat, chicken, or seafood combined with peppers, onions, carrots, mushrooms, herbs and spices.  The Lebanese version seems a bit more saucy, while the Yemeni version is a bit dryer and differently spiced.  Both are delicious and I appreciate the difference in taste.I also appreciate the difference in price.  Most places serve a dinner portion with soup/salid and a side dish such as Almond Rice.  Usually around $10-$12 and I can never finish it.  Yemen Nights offers a lunch portion for $6.95 that is just the sautee without rice.  Combined with some wonderfull Yemini bread, it's a perfectly sized  lunch without food comma.The only downside here is the strange looks you get from the passing traffic if you happen to park infront of the adult book store next door.  Yes, I am well satisfied, but not for the reason you're thinking...
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,5/7/2010,1388,1056,28,44,31>I will gush while writing this review. I will probably drool too. I still have leftovers and I already want to go back.Moro's is the definition of old school. Sinatra on the sound system, food made tableside and a vaguely seventies chic going on. The waiters are in tuxes and the vibe is nostalgic.They bring an excellent loaf of sesame topped bread as soon as you arrive, a loaf so large you will not need seconds. This from a woman who has never not gotten seconds on bread. This is no skinny or half loaf, this is a loaf of freaking bread people.We debated starters. James was torn between entrees so we asked if we could do scampi as an app. No problem was the quick response. How many? Errr what is the standard? Eight. Ok eight will do. The shrimp are holy huge, eight was way too many but we suffered in garlic tinged bliss. The scampi is done with slivers of perfectly cooked garlic, butter and lemon, simple right but truly amazing. The size of the shrimp lends itself to an almost lobster tail texture but the flavor is true shrimp, all curled up and meaty, as kissable as a baby's fist. Sauce is addictively dippable with the tasty bread.This is followed by a salad created tableside. Hardboiled egg, garbanzo beans, grape tomatoes and standard type lettuce. A little salt, pepper, red vinegar and oil and a steady toss. Fresh ground pepper and a little parmesan added and it is utterly delicious. My ranch only husband even enjoyed it. They had five soups to pick from. We both went Italian specialty. James chose minestrone, I went with pasta fagioli. For once I win, mine was better but he claimed his was at any rate. Liar. Mine was studded with slices of sausage, had a thick broth and was chock full of veggieliciousness (it's not a word but so what).Yep at this point we are stuffed.Soon enough here comes a true slab of meat. The NY strip was done exactly to order, was easily cut and melted in your mouth like warm butter. The au jus had been turned into a rich yet light gravy and added to the party that happened in your mouth as you ate it. They served it with a side plate of lightly seared potato and some herbed green beans, both dragged gently through the gravy and gobbled happily. Yeah nothing else could fit on the plate with that roast sized steak to be honest. The strip could serve three in a pinch, two generously, my big eater husband barely ate half.The veal Oscar was so tender, the sauce was buttery, laden with egg yolk and had a slightly tart lemony finish. The asparagus and broccoli were perfect sides and were transformed into magic with the sauce. Topping the plate was a whole leg of steamed fresh Alaskan king crab. Heavenly yet sinful too, this may be the meal they tease you with in purgatory...For the record I am not a veal person, it makes me feel a bit bad to eat it but when in a good Italian place like Moro's it is often the best thing going. Frankly at Moro's I think you cannot go too wrong at all but the veal is damned excellent at any rate, well worth any guilt for sure. I had to take the leap.I took half my veal home too. Servings are that big.Dessert is a must and yet we failed. We could not make it to the land of flambe delight. The will was there but we were weak, yes we feel an appropriate level of shame about this. The upside is now we have to go back.We did crack a few gratis walnuts and nibbled on some sliced green apple. Feeding each other felt romantic and hey I like nuts, what can I say?Spendy yes. The way we ate it was spendy. We ordered two of the most expensive entrees and an entree priced app. It was our anniversary of meeting eight years back, plus we combo-ed that special occasion with an early Valentine's Day celebration so we did not pay much heed to prices. We got what we wanted because it was a time to splurge. Prices are more than fair for what you get though, cheap even. Soup and salad included, endless bread and huge portions. You get a lot for the buck, I do not begrudge them a cent. I think it is fabulous value and would pay more. Yes, my cheap ass would pay more!The service was lovely, we had a personable and attentive waiter who added rather than detracting from our experience. No missteps anywhere though, kitchen or front of house. Just enjoyment, this place has it together. Speed was perfect, not too poky but it never felt rushed at all either.I will indeed be back and I hope I will be taking my parents at some point as well when my mother recovers. This place will take them back via the wayback machine which will be nice to see.Mmmmm I am stuffed.
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,5/6/2010,33,105,5,10,7>After several months of enjoying my coffee prepared to perfection and served with a smile, I realized I hadn't reviewed the latest place that keeps me hooked on lattes! I am glad that I waited to write a review, since my love of Solid Grounds has grown since I first discovered it. With three coffee shops in 3 blocks in downtown Northville, it is hard to know just where to go for your perfect cup of joe. For me, there is no longer a question. Solid Grounds has the friendly service, unique options, and perfect accompaniments that cannot be found at the other joints in town. After just one visit, I felt a sense of belonging. My second visit occurred a few weeks after my first, and I was greeted with "Did you like the coconut flavor? Do you want to try it again?" Now that I have a new "usual" drink; a coconut latte with soy, which I highly recommend, the wonderful owners have been suggesting other unique drinks that they think I would like. Not only do they offer an excellent selection of yummy delicious flavored lattes, you can also find food, smoothies, a huge variety of teas, free wifi, and constant support of other local businesses at Solid Grounds. The management has done a stellar job of creating a cozy environment where you just want to spend your day working, studying and ordering various drinks. Don't forget to sign up for the loyalty program or get your card stamped, it is well worth remembering to have get stamped because if you try this place, you will return for at least 10 more cups. OK, you get it, I am impressed. If I had to describe my new favorite place for a caffeine fix in word one, the name does it justice: Solid Grounds is SOLID.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2009,5/5/2010,70,54,4,12,5>I think I've finally found a favorite Asian restaurant in Ann Arbor.Last night, I ordered a bi bim bap for dinner and duk bok gi as an appetizer to split with my friend.  It was absolutely delicious.  I know bi bim bap is pretty standard fare and typically made well elsewhere, but this one was especially good!  I was even more impressed to find the toppings were different from all of their side dishes. (On numerous occasions, I've ordered bi bim bap at other establishments only to find that half of the bi bim bap also happened to be complimentary side dishes.)  The toppings were actually fairly simple, but the perfectly cooked egg, savory meat, multi-grain rice, and reasonable serving portion really clinched the deal.The duk bok gi was also very tasty. I've only had this dish once before, had loved it, and decided to try it again.  It worked well to share this with a friend, because I think the amount of food we ordered, appetizer + side dishes+ entree, would have been a bit overwhelming taken on single handedly.I was also impressed by the variety of side dishes. There were a few standard items such as shredded radish, pickled seaweed, and kimchee, but there were also a few others I had never tried before like the potatoes and pancakes slices (?).The service at BeWon was extremely friendly and the dishes reasonably priced. At the end of the night, our waiter brought us two fresh slices of Korean pears for dessert with the check. $30 split two ways is really, I repeat, really not a bad deal for the quality of food here.I must come again. Best of all, BeWon is so close to North Campus. I think I might have finally found a cure all to mid-semester stress (besides graduating). Yum.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,5/4/2010,80,187,2,3,2>I like Tapas, and I like Spanish food, and there was really wasn't anything to not like about Sangria. A friend and I decided to come with a group to celebrate our birthdays, or very merry unbirthday as the case may be. I called ahead and made a later reservation trying to avoid the major dinner rush. Everyone was nice, our server was great, attentive, helpful, knowledgeable, but never pushy, and never hovered. The ambiance was great, very romantic for those on dates, and fun for the larger groups. First of all the white and red Sangria were both delicious, the red being a little more tangy and the white being very crisp. Both tasted light and fresh. We ordered several tapas and all shared a little. It was hard to decide - we really wanted to order one of everything! The avocado with chicken salad, the flank steak with blue cheese and balsamic dressing, the stuffed mushrooms, fried calamari, the lobster and sausage in tomato sauce. It was all great! More importantly it lived up to the fabulous sounding descriptions on the menu. I would have to say that ,even though everything was delicious and I would gladly order all the same dishes again, the chicken salad and the fried calamari stand out to me the most. The avocado chicken salad had great balance of textures and flavors. It was soft and crunchy, tangy, sweet, and savory. The calamari was impressive because of how well it was cooked. It was lightly breaded in seasoned breadcrumbs and then fried to crispy perfection, the pieces were large and meaty, never tough or chewy. I asked Dustin which was his favorite, he responded that they were all good, but he thought he hadn't tasted his favorite yet, since we barely made a dent in the menu. I am looking forward to going back and eaating one of everything!
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,5/3/2010,35,54,6,11,7>I love Haab's! Especially the Happy Hour. Pretty much the best happy hour I've ever been to. I mean, $2 Manhattans? That were STRONG? Seriously, I worried after my second drink. Even though I was half-way through my (regular priced) entree of Chicken in a Basket. I have only had bad service once with a snappy waitress who gave us lukewarm soup, but the prime rib I had that night was so amazing it overruled any bad experience. That's rare! The spaghetti and meatballs is really really good and includes the largest portion of meatballs I've ever seen from a restaurant. I also like the onion rings and london broil. Pretty much all of the soups I have tried at Haab's have been tasty and hot, unfortunately I can't say the same for the bread or salad that comes with dinner, but that's ok. I would definitely recommend ordering soup with your dinner vs. salad. Bonus;  the bread plates look like they were borrowed from the Michigan Renaissance Faire.
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,5/2/2010,47,75,2,5,6>Bucharest Grill has incredible food at reasonable prices.  And, although they are a little ways outside the core of downtown, delivery is only $3, no matter how large your order is.  My only complaint is that they need to hire more people to help them keep up with their growing popularity, since their wait times seem to continue to increase.  I call them as soon as they open, and while I used to have to wait about 40 mins or less, that has gradually increased to an hour and a half today.The chicken/beef shawarma is good, but doesn't seem to fill me up.  For 50 cents more, I recommend getting the Bucharest Shawarma (with chicken), because it is usually much more substantial, and keeps me going for the rest of the day.  For a little more than that, the Romanian sausage is enough for two meals.  It comes with cabbage salad and seasoned fries - all three are amazing.  Finally, if you want something a little lighter, the fried cheese pastry is like a quesadilla made with feta, very interesting.There is definitely a reason we have a group at my office that orders lunch from here every week.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,5/1/2010,380,907,7,27,21>I went here after finding it on Yelp.  This place seems out of place in these days of monolithic Borders and B&N in strip malls.  The Book Beat is like a mythical local book seller that seems like it would exist in downtown Ann Arbor in the 80s or early 90s.  The days of the local, independent bookseller may be gone, but Book Beat hearkens back to those days of legend.Book Beat isn't a Big Box Bookstore.  It's books are organized by topic but not in any real discernible way.  You just kind of have to look around until you find the subject you're looking for.  The aisles are narrow and the books are overflowing from the shelves.  It's a tight squeeze in some places, but it's not claustrophobia-inducing.  There are a lot of books in this place and there is a good selection.  Some areas or genres get more attention than others, but they've got just about everything.  If you're looking for childrens' books, there is a large section with a lot of great books.  In addition, I saw a lot on art, music, classics, young adult and fantasy books.I was surprised that such a nice bookstore is so close to me.  If you're a locavore looking to buy local and keep your money in the community, this is definitely a good alternative to the big guys.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,4/30/2010,192,175,9,9,13>Fly Trap is among the elite brunch joints in Ferndalé along Woodward and was today's pick for Fancy Breakfast Thursday.  I have dined here frequently over the past three years so it wasn't a brand new experience but I did try to observe with a new eye. The restaurant doesn't seat a whole lot of people so you may end up waiting a spell; if it's cold/storming/raining locusts in biblical proportions, you might consider bundling up/bringing an umbrella (ella-ella, eh, eh, eh)/fly swatter. Generally I eat breakfast when dining at Fly Trap though they have a varied menu. You can order a burger (Cow or Non), various salads, and even a killer macaroni and cheese made with three cheeses and caramelized onions. Check the chalk board for daily specials! Today I had the standard Vegetable Rumble. It was really busy so I found myself singing, "I want my rumble and I want my hash browns, you and me could eat a good breakfast" naturally set to the tune of Bad Romance. Thankfully the coffee is delicious and plentiful and the company was top-notch. If you need constant stimulation, try to check out the other tables salt and pepper shakers--our's today were two giant ants. The Vegetable Rumble consists of eggs (though tofu is an option) mushrooms, carrots, snap peas, egg plant, and other fun things all tossed together, plated with potatoes and served with toast. Today I thought my eggs could have been cooked a little longer, regardless, I still ate it all. The potatoes have a good flavor and are nice and crispy. I am generally not a hash brown kind of guy--preferring French Fries to shredded potatoes--but these are more like a home fry? Or whatever you call diced potato chunks served crispy and seasoned.As condiments they offer my favorite ketchup, and two house-made hot sauces: Swat Sauce and Green Hornet Sauce. Both are delicious and spicy, just like Ricky Martin. I usually cover my plate with Heinz's delicacy and the Green Hornet Sauce. A jam du jour is also served in a metal cup if you request, today's was mango/cherry. Other favorites include Sourberry, and a Chocolate-Hazelnut spread (kind of  like Nutella).The chalk board generally has a featured sandwich, soup, rumble, dessert, and milk shake (today's was Mint Chocolate Chip)--in true diner fashion. And speaking of fashion, if you love it so much you can purchase a hat or t-shirt and bottles of sauce as presents for yourself or loved ones. If you're looking for a quiet place to have a heart to heart, then you might reconsider. The tables are in very close proximity and it's usually jumpin' around peak hours. They are also closed Mondays and have morning hours on the weekend. The parking is metered unless you park a little down the side street.Fly Trap is very much worth the experience.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2010,4/29/2010,101,180,4,8,6>Sweet or Savory?  That is the decision you will have to make at What Crepe.Me, always having sweet crepes (need I say more than bananas, marshmallows and Nutella?) decided since it was lunch, to go with the savory.  So bestowed upon me (after our snack of Nutella and Crispies-which were delicious, although a little light on the Nutella if you ask me) was the Monte Cristo crepe, loaded with spinach, turkey, ham, swiss and topped with an amazingly delicious raspberry sauce and powdered sugar.I agree with the other reviewer who was questioning someone saying the portions were small.  I was so stuffed I couldn't finish mine, and it kept me full for several hours after.  It was the perfect balance of sweet (thanks to the raspberry sauce and powdered sugar) and savory, so it was the best of both worlds.I will definitely be back for a dessert crepe.  Service was good, and I liked the eclectic mix of plates, like someone went to a garage sale and grabbed whatever they could find :)
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,4/28/2010,182,168,3,3,4>This place is a gold mine for all you sweet tooths out there!! I've tried their mini bite-sized cakes at several bridal shows and family parties that I've been to, and they blow me away!What I LOVE about this place is their attention to detail, each piece of fruit, each sugary flower petal, each silver sugar bead, each cake feels like special gift presented unto thy mouth! Oh and their cute Sweet Dreams decal on every single one... those babies are branded!You can even buy an assorted tray or the bite sized ones for just 88 CENTS A PIECE!! (this includes their chocolate covered strawberries... hint hint for u lovers out there!)  Now there's a cheap but elegant crowd pleaser!  Those individual pastries are great for birthday, engagement, or anniversary parties and each morsel is scrumptious. It's making my mouth water just thinking about it, no wonder they call this place sweet dreams!My fav: the Opera, you'll definitely be singing like a fat viking lady after you pop one of these delectable pieces of art into your mouth. It's a Vanilla almond cake layered with crunchy chocolate ganache and chocolate butter cream; topped with chocolate ganache. And the Chocolate Cascade: vanilla chiffon cake layered with chocolate mousse dipped in chocolate. Mmmmmm! I bet you need a napkin right about now to wipe off that drool! Don't believe me? check your reflection on your computer screen!I can't wait to get married just so I can order my cake from these guys!NOTE: there's a warren and grosse pointe locations too and you can place your orders online!
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2009,4/27/2010,215,177,2,8,6>I am not Chinese but I am a Chinese food snob.  My father's career afforded me the wonderful opportunity of growing up surrounded by lots of people from different cultures (Chinese being chief among them).  Every time we visited the family in New York, my aunt Fay would take us to Chinatown for dinner.  She'd pull me by the hand into the kitchen to meet the chefs, who knew her by name.Chinese food in the Midwest is usually an exercise in avoiding canned water chestnuts and thickly sweet bright orange sauces. This place is for those of us who want the real deal.  Oh they have the standard lunch special fare (which I haven't and probably will not try) but I suspect even their General Tsao's Chicken is better than average.The menu is HUGE! If you want to find the more interesting dishes, start from the back.  If you're a vegetarian--this is your Chinese restaurant of choice.  Apparently everything they make with meat is also made with fake meat (wheat gluten, soy, tofu).We started off with sizzling rice soup.  Usually the rice is poured into the soup at your table, but ours arrived with the rice (formed into cakes) already half-submerged.  There were several little pools of sesame oil floating on top, which gave the soup an intense nutty flavor and slightly oilier texture.I tried something completely new for my main dish: stewed pork belly with sweet potato noodles. It was oily, but still very delicious.  And VERY spicy!  I wouldn't order this all the time, because of the oil and the fatty pork belly (which is delicious, but yeah, not so healthy). Next time I visit, I definitely want to try the tea shrimp (shrimp w/pickled tea leaves), the spicy fish soup and the peanuts with seaweed (!!).  Wow, it's like I've hit the Chinese food jackpot!If only my aunt Fay were still around.  She'd totally dig it.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,4/25/2010,26,63,2,5,3>First off, Anita's has 2 locations. There are many differences between the two which I will explain later. So with that said...the Troy location is a great place for both American and Middle Eastern food for breakfast lunch, and dinner. Breakfast they have your typical American staples: pancakes, waffles, hashbrowns, etc...Lunch: you have anything from hamburgers to chicken schwarma to falafel sandwiches. Dinner is more or less the same as the lunch menu but the "specials" change. The food is always fresh and hot. I have been going to this location for 14 years and can say i've never had a bad experience. The waiters/waitresses are always great. No order mix up's ever. The average price for a meal is $5-$10. Pretty fair pricing and you usually get the extras; rice, pita bread, garlic dip, etc...depending on what you are ordering obviously. Ok, now to explain the differences between the 2 locations as they are quite different: Troy: family oriented (no alcohol, decorated or the lack of, more like a Coney Island), outside seating but not heated or enclosed, no bar (goes back to no alcohol, right?). Ferndale: A good place for a date (lights are dimmed a bit at night, nice decor), no breakfast, outside seating is heated (if necessary) and is enclosed (if necessary)...some of the food is a little different. Example, Ferndale serves the batata (french fries) hand cut and seasoned while Troy batata is more like thick cut fast food fries that were frozen....just one example..In my opinion, they have the best falafel in the area even beating out places in Dearborn!
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,4/24/2010,40,132,4,7,7>Big Sky is a great diner, on the diner scale. It's clean and cheap, the food is good, the coffee is decent and the service is excellent.Food first - exactly what you want from a diner; eggs prepared just the way you requested; big, wide burgers and greasy fries; skillets galore (yay, potatoes and meat!); huge portions. Sometimes too huge. I'd rather pay less for less food, but your meal is definitely a good value. Go with a big appetite.As I said, the coffee is fine, a B+ on the diner scale. I've had better diner joe, but mostly I've had way worse.Next, the atmosphere - very neat, with a booth-filled non-smoking sunroom. Great spot to read the paper with your breakfast. There's ample seating in the smoking section, too.Finally, the service - The waitresses at this place are remarkably good. The woman who waited on us today was immediately attentive, got us our food fast, refilled beverages often and best of all, brought ketchup and hot sauce for our eggs before we could even ask! I don't often bother with diners because I feel like I can do the same thing better or more interesting at home. But when I just don't feel like doing it myself, I'm always perfectly satisfied with my visit here.
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,4/23/2010,61,111,6,6,5>I have been to China Ruby a couple of times...I'm totally craving it right now but am trying to cut back so I'll just have to daydream while I review!My husband and I came here a few times and have always eaten in.  Service is FAST FAST FAST!  After placing your order, you immediately get soup (assuming you ordered a combo) and by the time you're swallowing the last spoonful, here comes lunch!I have tried a couple of different entrees, and the only one that didn't delight my heart & soul was a shrimp & vegetable one - guess I was expecting a lighter-tasting sauce but it was real brown and real heavy.  I could just bury my head in the huge pile of steaming hot rice and live there though!  The egg rolls are darn tasty too, and also tongue-burning hot even if you leave them til "dessert."The atmosphere is Basic Chinese Diner: not fancy at all, a few tables, a big window facing the action on 9 Mile.  This is a no-muss, no-fuss operation.  It's clean enough...I can't say I'd eat off the floor, but the tables are always tidy and wiped down.If you're craving something super hot, salty, and a little bit greasy, China Ruby has you covered.  Don't go there right before getting your blood pressure checked, though.  We learned that one the hard way.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2010,4/22/2010,376,267,5,11,14>What a strange and wonderful place. It amazes me that this man's  neighbors let him put this kitsch carnival of random knick knacks in his backyard, but I'm SO glad they did.  It is creations like this that run so far against the grain, they become a statement so powerful and so gripping that you lose yourself in them- if just for a moment.My immediate impression: Bright colors, a scrappy carnival of childhood memories all melded together as a visual storybook. This story is told in found objects, woven carefully together in a massive outcropping from one obviously very passionate and creative man's backyard. We all have seen these familiar objects before, but in a different context. Some of them, probably at the State Fair. The carousel horses, the mickey mouse head, the lights and the roller coaster-like peaks and lulls. It all took me almost immediately back to the days of cotton candy and fun houses. And then you look closer. There's a porcelain cat figurine, a gnome on a swing and a painting that looks to be from Grandpa's family room wall. It's memory lane. Some one's very colorful rendition of it and it really reeled me in.There is something so fascinating about this combination of objects all exploding over one man's backyard fence in an alley in a Hamtramck neighborhood. It is sensory overload. Disneyland is a good way to put it. It's a Disneyland though, that fits Hamtramck's unique personality. It's gritty, it's lively, it's kitschy, it's ironic...it's all of those things. To some, it may seem random, it may seem like junk. I think it's genius. There's nothing like it. When people ask where to go when they come to Detroit, I will send them there. It is places like this that you never forget. You'd never see this anywhere else, of that, I am sure- and- THANKFUL.
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,4/21/2010,139,103,4,13,7>Central Ann Arbor has always been the wasteland of college student eats with sandwich chains, really bad sushi, bars selling wings by the boat load.  There have been a few exceptions like Redhawk, and the now defunct  Zanzibar.  Well, out of no where, a friend of mine informed me of Mercy's at the Bell Tower has now replaced the Earl Uptown, and we decided to take advantage of their "soft opening."   About the restaurant, the formally rich and gilded Earl has now been stripped into a very stark bright bright white dining hall, which besides a few posters, really lacked much character.  The owner seemed to be very nice and accommodating, and we met the very nice daughter who the restaurant is named after.On to the food, which was a fusion of french and asian and burmese.  We ordered the very pretty duck confit on a fried cracker appetizer, and the fried spring roll which were ok.  Both were crispy, but on the room temperature side, and although well seasoned didn't sparkle.  The salads were also good, but unremarkable, which at 3 dollars as a side dish made it doable.Where Mercy's began to shine was the entrees.  I had the lamb shank, which was a caveman style hunk of meat with a big bone sticking out of it.  Really lovely and umptious, with tons of unami richness that had me sucking the end of the bone at one point!  Got to taste my dining partners signature salmon dish which was a nicely cooked with a hoisin sauce.   Another nice entry was the sea scallops which were tasty. One big caveat, we ordered the soup sized portion of the fish stew and curried soup.  On paper, these sounded really amazing, with all sorts of herbs and spices to throw on top, but the flavor fell either a bit fishy or a bit flat.  Again temperature was a bit luke warm, so that may have tainted our view.Anyway, Mercy's is a really interesting new restaurant to the ann arbor dining scene, which brings a fresher and more contemporary take on food compared to the earl uptown.  I can tell the owners really care about the quality of their food, and as it matures is definitely worth a serious look.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,4/19/2010,27,20,7,6,8>Greene's is a giant among burger joints.  Like all the other reviewers here, I command you to get the siders "with everything" and the onion rings, wich are awesome.  I've been going to Greene's basically since I was born.  For christ's sake, to this day my dad still wears a Greene's t-shirt in the summer time.  The people who work at Greene's are some of the most unattractive people on earth, like something out of a Bizzarre Magazine article.  If you are really lucky, the old lady smoking at the grill will treat you to an extra helping of ash in your burger.The other customers are pretty curious too, especially late at night.  But I will tread lightly here, because other customers might be categorizing me in much the same fashion.  It's always surreal to watch Farmington Hill's finest come stomping into Greene's, grab a bunch of burgers, give a slow, hard eyeball to the customers.....then stomp back out again without paying.Here's the ultimate compliment to Greene's:  When my wife and I first started our family, our first home was less than a mile from Bates Burgers.  We never set foot in the place, choosing instead to go the distance every single time to get our beloved Greene's.  Go to Greene's.  Enjoy the scenery, enjoy the food, enjoy the ambiance.  Just stay away from the bathrooms AS IF YOUR LIFE DEPENDED ON IT!
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2009,4/18/2010,39,79,3,4,3>This is where I fell in love for the first time...with Thai cuisine, that is. Back in high school my friends forced me to try Thai food and insisted that Bangkok was the best there is. It was love at first bite. Since then, I cannot get enough. Whenever I try a new Thai restaurant, it's Bangkok Express that I compare it with. The Pad Thai is honestly the best Pad Thai ever. It's brown in color (I hate when it's red!) and tastes amazing. The waitstaff is super friendly and the service is great. I have now tried tons of different dishes on the menu and have never had a bad meal. Oh, and the spring roll appetizer is really tasty too!
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,4/17/2010,76,179,3,6,2>My husband and I dined here for the first time last Friday night.  It was packed! (1 hour wait) Great for people watching. I guess it's the new local watering hole -as I ran into the guy that printed my mini- portfolios from Alphagraphics.  We also saw a table of Ron's co-workers for an after work meeting.  The food is reasonably priced.  around $25 for dinner for two and 3 blue moons. We ordered the bbq pulled pork sandwich, side of sweet potato fries and coleslaw.  WOW. I was impressed! Simple, yet delish! The coleslaw was probably the best I've ever had.  crisp, prefect sweetness, and crunchy!  I typically do not eat coleslaw, and never have finished what ever was given to me. Either that, or the hour wait made everything taste better that it really was. and the sweet potato fries were hot and crispy! Yeah for their sweet potato fries! I've tried many, from all over to compare.  I think the yum yum tree and seva are still the top two, but these come in a close third.  I was impressed. =)My husband wanted to have dinner there again today! To try their fresh pizza!  We had the Margaherita pizza on the thin crust.  It was perfect size for the both of us.  and was it tasty!  The crust was thin and crispy, the tomatoes were cut into bit-sized morsels and topped with fresh basil.  We definitely would order it again!  The wait staff can kick it up a notch. I understand Friday night cause it was busy.  Being slow on Monday was no excuse, yet again, the place filled up for a Monday evening.  We were glad to see this new business booming with customers.  all in all, we'd come again and be proud to invite our friends along. =)wow. after reading this and revising, I used "crispy" to describe 3 totally different foods!  Guess I am a texture lover!
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2010,4/16/2010,42,154,3,12,4>I was reluctant to give Hippo's 5 stars, considering I've never actually had a Chicago dog in Chicago, but this little diner has become a go-to place to eat for me.  Their Chicago dog is awesome, topped with tomato, onion, pickle salt, relish, peppers, and a pickle spear.  Delicious!  Another reason Hippos gets 5 stars is its incredible prices.  A chicago dog is only $2!  Some hot dog carts charge that much for a plain dog.  And compared to the other Chicago Dog places around, they are much cheaper (Ray's Red Hots in Ann Arbor charges $3.50/dog).  The fries are good as well, a small costs only a buck.  I haven't had any of the sandwiches yet, but my buddy has had the Italian Sausage and Meatball subs, each come loaded with onion and peppers, and he said they were great.  About the only thing I don't like about the place is the parking situation.  They have 4 spots, total.  And during the lunch rush you're going to be really lucky to get one of them.  The middle-eastern restaurant next store has we will tow your car signsHelp support another great, independently-owned, fast casual restaurant in the detroit area.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2010,4/15/2010,56,309,2,6,5>Went last night to the Robert Frank Exhibit.  Go while there is still time. Great pictures of Detroit in the 50's, so full of life.  Be sure to visit the Modern Art wing, where you'll see Tom.  Decide what exactly it is.  The volunteer Docent told us that she was not supposed to talk to the patrons because according to her management, "people didn't like it".  Go talk to her, she's right next to the Frankenthaler painting that looks like a Rorschach test.
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2009,4/14/2010,103,74,1,8,8>We went to Honest John's before Tigers Opening Day on April 10. It was a Friday around 9:30am and the place was pretty full. The beer list included local favs and a variety of other options! I personally enjoyed the spicy bloody mary. Coffee was great for a diner/bar restaurant. The waitress told us they used Cadillac Coffee Co. The service was friendly and funny. Our waitress was prompt with greeting, drink refills and checking in. The breakfast menu was small but offered a nice variety of options. I opted for the Poor Richard omelet (mushrooms, bacon, spinach, swiss) and my friends went with the regular breakfast special, make your own omelet and a breakfast sandwich. I really enjoyed my omelet and would rate it among one of the best I've had in a while. Everyone else was very satisfied with their food.The pricing was appropriate for what they were offering. We stayed around long enough that they switched to the lunch menu which was much larger and had a lot of great sounding options. They actually serve food until 2am which would be great after a night out!I wouldn't have known about this place if not for Yelp! I'm so grateful to have found it and plan on going back many many times!
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,4/13/2010,182,276,8,9,7>I made the mistake of inviting a coworker to dine with me who: a) brought no cash and b) ordered HAMBURGERS.  Even the help at Scotty's got into the act of running this fella down.  They ultimately gave him a piece of fish to try.  I think they felt sorry for him.   Scotty's is a very old school family run Fish and Chips spot in an old  neighborhood on the Detroit's West Side.  I ordered a 3 piece Fish and Chips lunch, and was very pleased.   The fish was very fresh, lightly breaded and perfectly fried.  The chips were perfectly cooked as well.  The service was very friendly and quick, and the decor on the walls was very historic and interesting.However, Sir Cedrics in Windsor is one star better, but much more expensive.  That said, Scotty's is a great choice if you are craving a traditional fish fry.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,4/12/2010,660,114,2,10,10>It has become a habit of mine to have lunch at places that I've never noticed in my previous trips around Macomb County.  What's more is that I've yet to be horribly disappointed.  Korea Palace is no exception.Walking in,  I could immediately tell that my swarthy Mediterreanean looks were not the norm.  Everyone there (working & eating) was Asian.  Of course, this is a good sign.  Good sign #2: a ton of wacky misspellings on the menu i.e. beef short "robs" & spicy "shreses" beef soup.  I'm not making fun, but inevitably there are always multiple misspellings on ethnic menus, especially places that cater to primarily ethnic patrons.  This place is CLEAN.  I'm talking pristine.  And that's not to say there is no warmth, either - the servers are friendly and the decor is inviting.  I ordered the spicy "shreses" beef soup on the recommendation of my server (TIP: if you're new to Korean or any other ethnic food, ask the server for a recommendation.  They're usually spot on.  I love Korean food, but ask the servers anyway).  This was an incredible bowl of soup - lots of tender beef, egg, mushrooms, clear noodles, & scallions in a spicy/sour beef broth.  it just screamed comfort, even on a hot day.  As I was eating, my mouth was burning & sweat was forming on my brow - good stuff.  Hot was not the only taste either - the mushrooms were earthy, the scallions super fresh, & the noodles added some good texture.An added bonus is the side dishes that come with every meal.  Kimchi, cucumbers w/ chili peppers, sprouted soy beans, & one other that escapes me now.  All are delicious, especially the kimchi, which is a fermented, spicy cabbage dish.  I'll definitely be back. Their menu is extensive, so there are plenty of other goodies for me to try.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,4/11/2010,29,57,3,6,5>I hope Ann Arborites appreciate just how lucky we are to have such a fantastic public library system.  The AADL has a great collection of materials, including DVDs, CDs, really good magazines, and graphic novels.  Their website is outta-sight!  On top of that they have a constant stream of events--invited speakers, cheese tastings, and workshops. All for free?! If you live in Ann Arbor and don't have a library card yet, shame on you!
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2009,4/10/2010,27,20,6,7,5>Long story short:  Great food, great pizza, ambiance is bleh.Short story long:  I was first introduced to Palermo's 19 years ago while working at a nearby donut shop.  The bakers there would get Palermo's pizza once a week, and it was awesome.  Fast forward 18.5 years.  I've been driving past this place forever, trying to remember to consider it when I was hungry.  Finally convincing the wife to allow me to order a take out pizza from here was a big feat, considering she had never been.  Worst. mistake. ever.  I have never been in a fight with a pizza driver, but after waiting for 90 minutes and talking to him *several* times on his cell phone to get to my easily found home, he had the audacity to blame me for the super cold pizza.  This may have been my last interaction with Palermo's.  Jerk.Fast forward 3 months later.  A good couple of friends told us that they actually had their rehearsal dinner at the restaurant, and convinced us to have another go at it.  I'm delighted they did.  The pizzas were as superb as I had remembered, wine by the carafe, and excellent service.  The decor isn't worth writing home about, but the food makes up for it.  I think I may order one again tonight and take a picture for yelp.So in the end, this may be the best pizza in town.  As long as they fired the jerky delivery guy, you will enjoy your experience.Update after last night:  Same dude delivering pizza, had to call for directions again even though I gave them with my order, but pizza got to me nice and fast this time.  --jr
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,4/9/2010,143,110,2,9,5>I can't tell you how excited I am that there is more authentic Mexican fare in my neighborhood.  When Eric P. clued me in to El Chilango's existence, I immediately made plans to get a carry-out for dinner.They are situated in the Southern end of Hazel Park, on the West side of John R between 8 and 9 Mile, in a mini strip mall.Upon first glance I was hesitant, but my mind was changed very quickly.  Now, they didn't have pastor or chorizo on the menu and instead the meat choices are carne asada, grilled chicken, cochinita pibil (marinated pulled pork).  I asked about the pork and was offered a sample to try.  It had a great flavor, so I ordered up my taco dinner  (4 tacos with rice and beans) with two pork and two bean tacos (two flour and two corn).  While I waited, I was offered a piece of Tres Leches cake, straight from Stella's bakery in Mexicantown and holy moly was that delicious!After some pleasant chatting and informing them they have a Facebook page (they didn't know), my food was up and the sweet waitress threw two little containers each of a tomatillo salsa and a red salsa (both spicy and tasty!) and sour cream in the bag.   I was optimistic after talking to Jorge (the owner) and raced home to see what was what.They don't double up the corn tortillas like I've gotten used to, but I didn't really mind it.  The tortillas weren't falling apart or anything.  The tacos were topped with cilantro and onion just as they should be.  I loved the pork tacos, but I didn't love the beans, either in the tacos or by themselves.  I prefer my beans whole though, so that's a preference thing.  The rice was a little bland, but very fluffy and nice.  Nothing a little salt didn't cure.  My husband thought his chicken was a little hard, but I thought it had great flavor for chicken.  Jorge told me after I'd already ordered that they do have chorizo, but it's not listed on the menu.  I didn't know this until after they were already making my food and I didn't want them to have to remake it, but next time, you can be sure that I'll be all over that chorizo.All in all, I'm really excited to have this place in the neighborhood.  They've only been open 4 weeks (opened March 3, 2010) and I'm guessing they're just going to get better.  They've got a large and varied menu, complete with tortas, enchiladas, gorditas, chimichangas, chille rellano, platanos fritos (I'm trying those next time too) and great combinations if you like to try a variety of things. If you're in the area, I'd definitely recommend giving them your business.  Very friendly service and very reasonable prices.** DELIVERY AVAILABLE ** (for $3.00)
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,4/8/2010,44,163,4,3,7>I usually don't eat pizza, but I am a Hello Faz fan! The sauce isn't too sweet, the toppings are always fresh (no canned/sub-standard crap here) and not-too-much cheese. Prices are inexpensive to boot.I have a lovely memory of the Hello Faz on Liberty:During the 2003 blackout, my husband and I were driving around through the inky black - hungry as wolves. As I looked out the window into the darkness I saw something that looked like stars -  and realized it was Hello Faz Pizza. The staff had all these little tables set out on their stoop with candles in old olive-oil bottles for impromptu lighting. We decided to pull up and see what was going on. Inside the restaurant, the two cooks on staff were working like crazy - the ovens were gas-fired so they were in a frenzy to use cheese and other toppings before they got too warm. Sitting on the stoop in the dark, with the candles flickering all around, with other people, strangers brought together by the night and hunger, eating slices of just-out-of-the-oven 'za, was magical. :O)
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,4/7/2010,48,139,2,4,4>Okay, it's time for my long-overdue review of Lutong Pinoy (essentially Filipino Cooking).  It's so long-overdue that I don't even remember how I found this place.  I can't remember if I just drove by on John R and stumbled on to it serendipitously or if someone recommended it to me.  Truth be told, I don't get to Lutong Pinoy nearly enough.  To bastardize a friend's phrase, it's a bit out of my bubble, meaning that I don't really ever go to that part of town, but it shouldn't be thought of as such.  Heck, I work in Warren sometimes, and I live in Troy.  Depending on the way I drive home, I could easily pass by.  I don't know why I don't do that more often.  It's probably because taking 696W to 75N or to Woodward takes me right past it.  Even though I don't get there enough, Lutong Pinoy serves up arguably the best Filipino food in this area.  I think it's the best way for me to satisfy my cravings for some down-home Filipino food.I've eaten and enjoyed the fried chicken skins, the Longsilong (longganisa sausage and egg with rice), Lechon Kawali, and a number of other things.  My old friend Kristine a native-born citizen of the Philippines, who is now living in Boston, came to visit, and she wanted Lechon Kawali.  She tells me again and again how much she wants Lechon Kawali, which is basically pork belly boiled and then fried to crisp up the skin.  She had eaten Lechon Kawali elsewhere in our Metro Area, and she wasn't impressed.  She tried the Lutong Pinoy version, and she was suitably satisfied.  She loved it!  You know what?  So did I!  It's really the best Lechon Kawali that I have had in this area.  It's also the best in recent memory.  I just love the great pork with the crispy skin attached.  The flavor, the consistency, the doneness, they get it all right here at Lutong Pinoy.I have had a few other things from Lutong Pinoy, but none were as memorable as that Lechon Kawali and the great longganisa sausage.  The pinakbet and the mongo were also quite good, but hey...I like pork!  The other great thing about Lutong Pinoy is that it's fairly consistent.  I haven't had to deal with some of the inconsistency that I've dealt with at another nominally Filipino restaurant.  I have liked the food most all the time.  My mother came to visit, and we got some Filipino food from there, and she enjoyed it as well.  Unfortunately, it's only a Turo-Turo joint (Turo-Turo meaning that you point out what you want and they serve it up for you) that really does only a carryout business.  I'd love to be able to sit at the Filipino restaurant, pop open a beer, munch on some chicken skin and a few other tasty delights.  Unfortunately, I can only do that at home after getting take-out from Lutong Pinoy.  Oh well.  If that's the price I pay, so be it.  I need to get back here more often to support my brown brothers.
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,4/6/2010,67,175,6,4,6>I don't know authentic from Taco Bell, but I don't care when it comes to this place.  I get down here from Midtown where I work a couple of times per year for lunch with buddies, and love it every time.  I know it's gross and gluttonous, but I always hurt myself at the buffet rather than ordering off the menu.  Food coma for the rest of the day is the rule. I can't help it.  Gotta have a little of everything.  Chile rellenos, Tamales, Tostadas, Beef Stew, Pork Stew, Enchiladas, and the list goes on.  It is like the El Presidente Combo Plate de Cielo!.  I eat a little bit of salad to assuage my guilt, then happily plow through 3+ plates of the cook's best efforts at leaving me unconscious, face down, in a bowl of cinnamon-sugar chips.This year we went on Cinco de Mayo.  Overall the atmosphere was no different from a normal day, besides some goddawful-loud latino rap from the street.  I love all kinds of music, and even a good loud metal concert, but that was too much.  Maybe the swine flu situation was scaring people away from Mexican Town.  Love it.  Go there.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,4/5/2010,103,227,5,25,6>I am exercise resistant. I hate it. But it is a necessary evil, which is why I wandered in to Lifetime almost two years ago. I appreciated the tour we were taken on, but don't put much stock in that. At the time, they were trying to get me to sign up for a membership, so of course the tour is going to be great. I have never had to wait for any of the cardio equipment, no matter what time I go there. Sometimes there is a wait for the weights (haha) as this place is full of hard-core lifters and buff guys and girls. There is a double edged sword thing going on here for me. I wanted a place to work out that I could slip in and out of any time and no one would really pay attention to what I was doing. For this, Lifetime is perfect. It's big and busy and no one cares what you are doing. I do want to try one of their classes, but because of the impersonal nature of the place, I haven't felt really comfortable doing so. It seems there isn't anyone you can go up to and act like a shy dork and have them take you under their wing and walk you to a class like a kid on the first day of kindergarten. But, like I said, I like the fact that no once cares what I do here, so I will take the trade-off. When I asked a staffer about bringing my son, who uses a wheelchair, to use the pool, I was given really great treatment. He took me in the family locker room, and helped me do kind of a trial run to see if we could get him in and out and changed, etc. It was nice to be treated like it was their pleasure to have us there, and not like they were making special accommodations for us, and we were a bother. It's great to go to their cafe after a workout and get a protein smoothie. Pretty convenient even though it isn't the cheapest place in the world. The membership is month to month auto bill on your credit card until you cancel. I liked this because years ago, joining a gym meant at least a full one year commitment.Offers: Indoor and Outdoor pool, hot tub, sauna, steam room, cardio, free weights and machines, classes, rock wall, ball courts, and day care.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,4/4/2010,45,283,3,8,5>We first tried Slow's last summer, when they made an appearance at the Ann Arbor Homegrown Festival.  We were pouring beer for Arcadia, and the folks pouring with us were friends with the guys from Slow's - which meant that a lot of free BBQ and amaaaaazing corn chowder made its way to us as we got progressively more drunk.  Not that there's anything wrong with that, of course.So when we made our first trip to Detroit this weekend, we knew we had to stop at Slow's.  We got there just before noon on a gray Saturday - fortuitous timing, as by the time we finished our meal, we could hardly get out the door through the crowd of hungry folks.  There was already a wait for a table, so we settled in at the bar, where my fiance got an amazing pour of Bell's Expedition Stout from the firkin tapped on Thursday.  We split The Reason, topping our piles of pulled pork with each of the sauces in turn - my favorite combination was apple and mustard.I honestly can't wait to visit Slow's again.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,4/3/2010,44,26,2,8,5>It's so great to see an ambitious group of individuals dedicated to enhancing the artistic community in Detroit. Housed in an old school, the Burton Theatre makes a wonderful use of a previously abandoned space. I was able to catch a foreign film there, and it was a great experience! The brains behind the theatre have turned what appears to be an old gym into a theatre space, hanging velvet curtains and installing surprisingly comfortable vintage theatre seats. The artistic design of the space is cozy and creative, and I've heard rumors of a pool table in the men's room. They sell popcorn, candies, and bottled sodas in the lobby, which provides a perfect carb fix.The theatre website lists some admirable goals: "While the Burton Theatre will focus on film, it will not be limited to that. Its vision is to expand as a venue for music and other performance art with a focus on local artists. It will also work to engage its audience more deeply than typical theaters by making them active in programming and by creating a space where artists and patrons of the arts connect." I can't wait to see what the future holds for the Burton Theatre!
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2009,4/2/2010,53,254,3,3,3>I think I had desert here once, but that's neither here nor there.  You don't want my food reviews, let's talk booze...I know a bit about beer.  Well, at the very least I've drank a lot of it and I know what I like.  I spend a lot of time at Grizzly Peak because I have a membership and its cheap.  I stick to the seasonals and usually find something I like. ABC is tasty and I love their lefty politics, but there's nothing there that I ever HAVE to have.  And yes, I miss Leopolds and their giant, drunk inducing beers.But Jolly Pumpkin (IMHO) has the best across the board brews of any place in A2.  It's all complex flavors that will leave you tasting more until the point that you need to call a cab (unless you are as good at life as I am and can stumble home from here.) Plus, the staff asks your name and expects you to become a regular.  There may be something to that.So while I'm not about to abandon A2's other well worthwhile brewpubs, The Pumpkin while sit atop my first choices for a drink or three for the foreseeable future. As someone who spends an inordinate amount of time in taverns, I implore you to take heed to my review.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2009,4/1/2010,81,83,1,8,4>The birthday girl is nine months pregnant...Where do you take her for her birthday?? Obviously some place where you KNOW the food is great! I had put together a girlfriend get-together and had suggested The Cutting Board. A group of eight of us had reservations for a Saturday evening, I had called and spoke with one of the owners who was extremely friendly and told me that our group would have the restaurant's most popular table right by the fireplace. About one hour prior to the reservations, I stopped by the restaurant with a few balloons and a centerpiece I had purchased to see if they would not mind setting them on the table. To my surprise our table was already set and waiting and they had no problem with the balloons. Being a person who firmly believes in the saying "Doesn't hurt to ask" phrase, I spoke with another owner while setting up the balloons and asked if they would not mind holding a cake I had in the car in the back for our group. Since the place is a restaurant, bakery, and bar I thought the cake was going to be a NO-GO. The owner surprised me and said "no problem, bring it in and we will hold it and serve it for you!" He even waited personally at the door to take the cake off our hands. Here we are one hour before our reservations and I am extremely pleased and impressed. When we arrived our waitress was really friendly and made sure both our pregnant guest were satisfied with their virgin cocktails. The bread was a huge hit with everyone, as well as soup and salads. The food took a perfect amount of time to come out, not too long and not too quickly since we were all enjoying our time and each others company. The weekend has several specials under ten dollars, I ordered one. The Gnocchi was very yummy and VERY FILLING. Larger portions here, I would suggest requesting an additional plate if you order a salad-they are HUGE!!! Our waitress was so personable and friendly, talking to us and even offered to take our photo with all eight of our cameras. When the cake was brought out I was so thrilled, the staff had rounded up candles (which we did not bring) and had them lit. Such a sweet, nice touch that really made the b-day girl tear up. The waitress then automatically split up all of our checks without asking, which was a plus! I was so impressed with the service, I said I was going to send them a thank you note. Not only great food but great service made this event something to remember!!
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2009,3/31/2010,56,141,1,4,4>Dogma Catmantoo is my favorite place to buy toys for Brewer.  They are all made in the U.S. and hold up really well with my chewer of a puppy.  They are on the expensive side, which my husband hates, but as long as I am buying Brewer a new toy every once in awhile and not every week, it's ok.  New toys help keep curious, active puppies out of trouble :-)The owner is usually there and very approachable and friendly.  I haven't ventured much into her food line, but can guess that it's very good.  They have an extensive stock of fun collars, which many of them I like, but ended up finding another one I liked better online.  Most of them are printed, and I wanted a solid color, which she doesn't have very many of.  Here would also be my place to buy a "pet gift" for someone, as there are so many unique items.Open early for Farmer's Market Saturdays.
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,3/30/2010,25,118,9,23,10>Wow, this is good stuff. Habib is/was the chef at the noted Bint Jebail Cultural Center in Dearborn, Michigan. If you have ever eaten there, you know his food speaks to his great reputation.Habib opened his own restaurant one week ago to much fanfare. The food is top notch, as expected. If you are looking for delicious Arabic food, this is your spot.Entrees are a bit pricier than other ethnic restaurants in town. However, the quality of the food makes it well worth it.Also, if you stop in for lunch, the best deal is a sandwich combo. I had a falafel sandwich with humus and tabouli and a lentil soup and fries all for $8. What a deal!
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2009,3/29/2010,39,100,1,8,7>At my last visit to King Books, a strange man in the science fiction section tried to tell me that I can find books cheaper elsewhere. When I asked where, he listed a handful of regional used bookstores spread throughout 3 counties. When I asked him if any of them had the selection of King, he backpeddled and essentially told me that there was no way any other store in the Detroit area could have the selection that King does.And he was right! The revolving selection might not always have the exact books that you're looking for, but if you're the kind of person who loves to dig through crates of musty old books in search of hidden gems, this is your place. Every section is well stocked, the people who work here are very helpful, and all 4 floors seem to have some section I can get lost in. I have never been in any of the locked valuable sections, but a friend of mine was shown some $600 Richard Brautigan books that had handwritten letters and cards from the author tucked into the pages. Nuts!As far as finding cheaper books, I'm sure if you're a deal catcher than you'll find other stores that will sell paperback Robert Jordan books for $1.50 instead of $2.00. For me, the sheer volume combined with the helpfulness of the staff makes this place a winner every time. I love the dark aisles, the smell of oxidizing paper, and the stark, ex-factory location. You can go to Borders if you want coffee and Blu Rays, John K. King Books is for books and the people who love them.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2009,3/28/2010,69,416,4,6,5>This is New York Style, but a real New Yorker would spot a slice from here as an attempt rather than the real deal.  None the less, it is as close as it gets to NY 'zah as you can find in these parts.  And it's good.  I am from NY and grew up in Brooklyn, so I can claim to be a NY pizza snob.  Oh heck, I am a NY Pizza snob.  Let me describe the place as best as I can.  It is very small.  There are not a lot of tables and because it seems to attract the mommy and stroller crowd, it can be difficult to find a place to sit.  They do have some seating outside which is nice in pleasant weather.  And like most Pizzerias in NY, they do serve slices.  The slices are nicely displayed cut in small pans under a glass display case withy descriptions of the toppings.  So unless you happen to be there when a new pie is cut and put in place, it is difficult to tell how cooled off the slices might be.  I always ask to have my slices reheated when I order by the slice and they are happy to oblige.  If you have enough people and can agree on what you want, I suggest ordering a pie made fresh because in my opinion, nothing tastes as good as a fresh pie from the oven.  Reheats are OK, but fresh is better.  I have noticed that the sausage and pepperoni are beef rather than the more traditional pork based products.  So I suspect that the owners have religious dietary preferences.  None the less they have selected excellent product and both the sausage and the pepperoni really great taste.  Also both are added to the pies as slices.  Most Michigan pizza places prepare the sausage as little blobs of meat that cook when the pizza cooks and this makes the pizza greasier.  But if the sausage is precooked and cut into slices after cooking, as it is at Brooklyn, the taste is better and the appearance is better too.  This is the NY style of preparation.  The curst is uniformly crisp and well prepared and just like in NY you can fold a slice and eat it with one hand.  John Travolta would approve.  One thing that distinguishes this place making it less than NY style is the aspect ratio and size of a slice.  The pies are relatively small and so the slices are not huge as a result.  I can't tell you the right size for a NY pizza, but I would estimate it to be at least a 14 inch diameter, maybe even bigger.  I couldn't tell you how big the pies are at Brooklyn Pizza exactly, but I'd estimate them to be closer to 10 inches.  And I should mention that this makes the relative cost of slices pretty high.  Oh yes, they also serve Gelatos and they are good too.So I am able to recommend this place and I enjoy going there.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2010,3/26/2010,40,168,1,4,4>What a hidden gem!  Everyone knows the places downtown, but what about the little places off the beaten path that are actually GOOD?  Had lunch with a friend here the other day, and both of us have been meaning to try it thanks to the Yelp following for it. So glad we did!First, parking is a bit tricky.  They don't seem to have any along the side of the building or in back (lots of signs that said NO parking for the Cafe), so I parked on the side street.  And the place is extremely tiny.. almost claustrophobic.  I'm afraid to see what it looks like on a Sat or Sun... Their menu is pretty typical of most diners... lots of breakfast stuff, sandwiches, salads, etc.  They had a specials board, and I felt compelled to give the French dip a whirl.  It came with soup, and being a sucker for Lemon Rice I had to go for it.  And I'm so glad I did-- it was awesome!  Good portion size and very tasty.  My friend had some type of veggie omelet, and she said it was really good.  I have to say, with so many tasty options on the menu and such delicious food I can't wait to keep going back and trying new stuff.Ultimately, I think that this place is solid.  I doubt you could go wrong with anything you try.  And I am totally kicking myself for not taking a piece of pie home.. they had a ton of different kinds, and I hear they are really, really good.  So cozy, so delicious and so reasonably priced.  Can't wait to make this my new go-to spot.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,3/25/2010,99,377,6,9,7>Thanks to Janelle for finding this strip mall eatery. Humble house is a very simple unadorned place but the food makes up for that. On a Friday evening all the other tables were taken up by Chinese families eagerly slurping on noodle dishes. We ordered only from the Chinese menu as other reviewers have suggested. The Pork & Vegetable were a very good example about what is best with authentic Chinese food. The Vegetables were very tasty Crispy crunchy Mustard Greens together with an extremely well prepared bean curd Tofu & large slices of Pork all married together in a flavorful broth. Scallion pancakes with a side of Chile's & Soy Sauce is a good starter. We also ordered Sichuan wonton in Sesame sauce. The wontons were OK & i liked the generous amount of pea pods but i really didn't like the Gravy the dish was served in & not at all like sichuan food. Lastly we ordered the beef stew noodle soup, I'm on dangerous ground here as this is a dish my wife frequently cooks at home but with the Caveat that "of course " hers is better i found humble house version to also be pretty good.This was a lot of food for the Two of us & at just slightly more than $20 very good value.Certainly one of the better Chinese restaurants we have eaten in throughout Oakland County.
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/10/2010,3/24/2010,58,63,3,5,5>On a whim, a friend and I went on an Eastern European food crawl recently.  We had a late lunch at Polonia (see my new review) and dinner at Fiddler.  While I do have some background with Polish food from my Cheddar-head days, I have still no other frame of reference when it comes to Russian/Ukrainian food.  All I can say is Fiddler is A-OK.This last visit, I decided on the liver pate as an appetizer and the smoked eel for the entree.  I gotta give them props for having the cajones to serve eel.  Yes, yes... I know its a common thing at sushi bars but I challenge you to find a place serving a whole filleted eel (sans head of course because its the nailing point during the filleting process).Liver pate was quite nice though in retrospect, I still like the blini with caviar better.As far as the eel is concerned... it was tender, smoked perfectly, and delicious.  It also tasted exactly like the Japanese smoked eel.  If I had ordered rice, it quite literally would be unagidon.  If I had the vinegared rice and nori, it could have been unagi makizushi.  It certainly caught me off-guard.  I was expecting something more along the lines of smoked sable fish.  I'm not saying the smoked eel was bad at all, it was quite excellent, but I can't help but wonder if this is how it's served in Russia.  Yet again I am thinking I need to get to Russia/Ukraine to try the real stuff.  Just gotta find the time.
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2010,3/22/2010,91,118,2,7,3>The sign begs you to bowl. The interior makes you want to come back.I went to Bowlero on a Tuesday afternoon because I had the day off and coupon - a deadly mix. I expected to enter and be hit with the smell of old shoes and cigarettes, but instead I was greeted by possibly the cleanest bowling alley I've ever been to - almost suspiciously clean. There was no one else bowling at the time, so I had to make sure they were open. I was assured they were.The alley is extremely clean and the wood is very nice. It looks like they get their wood from Ikea it's so pristine (sans allen wrenches). The scoring screens are all touch screen and easy to use. Plus, I loved the morbid animations between frames, usually having something to do with decapitating a cartoon pin. Hi-Larious. The lanes seemed to be in fine order, we played 2 games and never needed a reset.The bar is pretty big, and for 3:00 on a Tuesday it was quite busy. I wanted to order a standard white Russian, but I don't think I've hit the point in life where drinking liquor in the mid-afternoon is a good idea. I'll probably come back sometime when the sun's down and try it out.OH, HEY, LOOK AT THIS: This bowling alley is completely non-smoking. I know this will be something that will be commonplace in a few months, but it was weird not throwing my bowling ball though a haze of smoke. The -1 star is due to the tepid service I got from the woman behind the counter. I know I'm not that funny, but a little bit of a sunny attitude can go a long way when I'm making a dumb joke about the size of my shoes. However, one of the bartenders came over when we returned to the counter and she was quite nice.I definitely think I'll be coming back here. It seems to be a little hidden gem of bowling in the area.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2009,3/21/2010,34,50,4,4,4>I went here the other day, after not having been to Yossi's in a minute.  I forgot how good the food is here.  I love the falafel, but I wouldn't say it's the best--just different than your run-of-the-mill falafel found at other places.  Aside: the best falafel I've ever had is the falafel at Amer's in Ann Arbor. The fatoush is worth mentioning.  Although fatoush, in-it-of-itself is rather unremarkable--veggies, sumac-dressing and toasted pita--the fatoush at Yossi's is outstanding!  The toasted (or fried?) pita that they put on top of the veggies is great--the pita pieces on top are substantial and generous and do not consist of bullshit-small pieces merely placed on top of the salad as an afterthought.  The pita pieces at Yossi's kind of take center stage, in fact.  AND I like that because I heart carbs.The only thing I don't like about Yossi's is that  they're only open for lunch on weekdays.  Boo.  But the food is so good that I'm still giving it 5 stars.
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2009,3/20/2010,103,152,,8,6>This is an organization open to adults 21 and over.  The club organizes a number of different sports leagues for all skill levels.  There are mixed (co-ed) and unmixed leagues.  Sports include basketball, softball, volleyball, bowling, kickball and more.  I have played kickball and softball through this league for a few years and have had a great time.Usually about once a month there are club sponsored outings at a local bar.  All are invited regardless if you are playing sports or not.  It's just a good way to get out there and make some new friends.A good thing about Stay and Play is that there are no annual dues or membership fees.  You do not need to be single in order to play the sports (or have fun at the bar!).
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,3/19/2010,128,207,3,10,9>Went here on a Friday night for our anniversary. Thoroughly enjoyed ourselves. Fridays are their All-Star Showdown, which was like Whose Line is it Anyway?, only funnier. We went to their 10pm show, which evidently is raunchier (they say their 8pm show is PG-13, but not their 10pm). It was hilarious, and a fabulous time. They have a good drink menu, and lots of beers. I wish they had more on tap, but all in all great selection for a comedy club. Even though it's a 45 minute drive away, we'll definitely be going back. Oh, and no smoking = win!
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,3/17/2010,188,247,4,7,5>I found a few minutes to run here today and I'm glad that I did. I don't think I would have ever stopped here had it not been for Yelp!Janelle w. comes through again with her discovery of Tortitas El Rojito. Read her review  for more detailed information on this establishment. I ordered up an asada taco and a hot dog and took a look around the place. This place is unique. It appears that it rose from the ruins of a gas station Taco Bell. The old Taco Bell food signs on the wall still partially exist  in what somewhat resembles a de-miitarized zone. Along the back wall, beneath the huge vent area is the infamous taco cart. Nothing too strange about this, and besides, who cares when the place makes such great tasting food. The asada taco was wonderful, moist and succulent beef, with a medium hot sauce lightly poured over the onions and cilantro. Very tasty. The hot dog, although it looked a total mess (and actually scared some people at work) was full of flavor. I guess I never could have imagined what a grilled, bacon-wrapped hotdog would taste like. Add all the condiments and you have a mixture of tastes that needs to be sampled to believe. As in most of the small places I've gone to in M-Town, the staff are all extremely nice and even gave me a drink sample of some green juice that they had just come up with. I know it had orange, apple,  and lime in it, but that itself could not account for the bright green color. I figured best off not to ask. But it definitely was a tasty free treat. Oh yeah.. I'm going back here. This is the real thing. Next: Bring on the taco trucks.
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2010,3/16/2010,65,102,5,5,6>I'm a big believer in 'shop local' and I can't more local than shopping at store based in my home town. I like to walk to the market from my home -- kill two birds with one stone: exercise and nutrition. Western Market is a very clean, well stocked fruit and meat market (get your minds out of the gutter, it's not that kind of meat, hehe). The produce is fresh with deliveries daily. The selection ranges from the basics like Gala apples to items like heirloom tomatoes and more. The meat selection is good with a nice variety of steaks, etc...They also have a great prepared food section. My favorite is the roasted winter roots -- If I could only survive on roots... I would be a happy man. The service is excellent.. during the holiday the Manager made sure I received the freshest cut fruit platters by having the Produce Manager prepare the platters while I waited.. It doesn't get better than that for fresh!While not the cheapest place in town (that would be across the street  or if you prefer dumpster diving), it is worth a visit.
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,3/15/2010,125,326,8,12,12>I guess I never really paid attention to the word locavore - but now that I know what it means, I realize it is something I have been a big fan of all along!I finally got a chance to stop into the Panini Press!  I called in my order before I left work, and was all too excited to pick it up.  The Panini Press is a fantastic little sandwich shop at 12 & Woodward that opened in 2009 and whose owner is fantastic for many reasons, but mostly because she uses local ingredients as much as possible.  Trust me, the ingredients on these yummy little sandwiches definitely TASTED fresh like only local can!So I am not sure if things have changed a bit since they first opened - but this is how things stand now.  They have 9 always-on-the-menu sandwiches, a special panini of the month, and a kids menu.  They have chips, coleslaw and soup as sides - as well as brownies and cookies for dessert.  The paninis can be made on ciabatta, italian, multi-grain, white roll-up, wheat roll-up, lettuce or gluten-free bread.  Sandwiches are 5.99 each or 7.00 for gluten-free.  The sandwiches are a good size - if you were getting it for lunch I would think you would be quite full afterwards.  They deliver at lunchtime, they cater.  That's the boring information-only overview.So - first impressions upon walking in: this place is really cute.  The walls are this really warm, inviting yellow color.  It is neat and tidy inside.  The place is small, the sign on the wall says capacity is 26.  They had some very cool wintery like decorations suspended from the ceiling that were very artsy and added to the ambiance.  If you're dining in, it's worth it to know that there is a large muted flat screen on the wall and free wi-fi.The owner and a newer staff person were behind the counter.  My sandwiches were ready to go and they poured my soup when I arrived so that it would be as warm as possible when I got it home.  I had ordered the San Francisco Daily and the Traverse City Times, coleslaw and the soup of the day - tomato basil bisque.  There was also a white chocolate macademia nut cookie on the counter that looked homemade and yummy, so I let it come home with me as well.  (Who am I kidding, I let it come in my car and I ate it before I even made it home!)The San Fransisco Daily is tomato, basil, mozzeralla and balsamic - which I will eat any way it is prepared.  By itself.  On a sandwich.  Whatever you want to do with it.  This preparation was yummy.  The cheese was so ooey gooey and the tomato and basil tasted super fresh.The Traverse City Times is black forest ham, brie, granny smith apples and a sweet mustard.  I love brie and granny smith apples on a sandwich as well - and this one was also executed fabulously on the multigrain bread.  It was melt-in-your-mouth goodness.Tomato Basil Bisque - also quite yummy.  As it has been super cold outside lately, it was to have a nice warm bowl of soup to warm up the insides!  It was very flavorful and fresh - the only thing that made it less than fantastic was putting boring saltines in it.  I think I would have rather had a hunk of yummy bread- I'm just saying.Coleslaw... I probably won't get it again.  To me it almost tasted too vinegary or something.  Couldn't quite put my finger on it, but it was the only thing I didn't love.Last but not least, a fellow Yelper had commented that they wish there was a make-your-own option.  (I've noticed that as a common them on the Detroit Yelp boards - Everyone wants to make their own! lol)  Anyway- good news!  Next to the take-out menus by the register, I noticed a stack of papers that said something about making your own edition.  It seems as though it IS possible to create your own concoction.  Granted... there was no list of ingredients to choose from, so I suppose you would just have to look through the list of ingredients used on all the other sandwiches and pick and choose to your hearts content.Moral of the story- if you like a yummy panini, this is a good stop.  They are only open until 7:00 though! so don't swing by too late! :) I'll be back for sure.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,3/14/2010,37,71,3,8,7>I love this place. It is my go-to for gifts (for others and myself).  I can almost always find something to buy.  It can get pricey, but I don't mind when it's handcrafted items that are often from local artists.  They have a great selection of purses that are unique enough to stand out, but traditional enough to use everyday. I am quite the purse-whore and this place feeds my addiction.  There is also a good selection of greeting cards, baby gifts, picture frames, kitchen gadgets, etc.  At Christmas (and other holidays, to a lesser degree) they have great home decor. All of my winter/xmas wreaths & door hangings are from Catching Fireflies. Every visit to the store you can fill out an entry form for their monthly drawing to win a gift card to the store (I have yet to win though...).  They also have a cat that wanders around the store which is just one of the things gives the place a unique feeling.
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,3/13/2010,47,104,,14,9>This is the nicest shelter I've ever seen. My wife and I went and adopted our new dog on Sunday and everyone there was very nice and helpful. We filled out the paper work and got a pass to go view all of the dogs. Honestly it was overwhelming to me because all of these dogs were so happy to see us. It was very sad actually, I almost lost it. I asked the lady who was helping us what becomes of the dogs that didn't get adopted, not really wanting to hear the answer. As it turns out this is a no kill facility so all of these little pups eventually find homes. Outstanding. We found the dog that was right for us and let them know we wanted her. We have two cats so they took our new pup into a room with cats to test the reaction and everything was fine. This was very thoughtful. They gave us a full background on her and had her all up to date on vaccines and heartworm treatment. After we got her home we realized that she had an issue with her back leg and my wife called to tell them and they told us to bring her in. They xrayed and examined her for free and told us the best course of treatment. Everyone was very helpful and we're thankful to them for providing us with our newest family member 'Belle'!
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2009,3/12/2010,37,131,6,9,9>Andrea B. recommends making Cafe Zola a serendipitous part of a weekday afternoon....this is precisely what SK and I did, and it worked maaaaaaarvelously.From the outside it looked a bit crowded--lots of people milling around, though it turned out some of them were just walking down the sidewalk (out of our way, pedestrians!  We are hungry!).  We perused the menu briefly and ducked inside--and found no wait for a party of two!  It must be said, however, that the table was veery tiny, veeery right inside the door, and veeery close to the party of two next to us.  Like, in moments of comfortable silence at our table, we we were basically audience to the conversation at theirs.The. Food.  Was. Ridiculous.  SK had the Southwest omelet with sausage--sour cream, some kind of cheese (?), and a green chili sauce that he really liked.  He proclaimed the omelets "sturdy," which he meant as a compliment--they were also sufficiently fluffy.Though tempted by all the mushroomy delights (next time?), I wanted to have something really different (at least for me) and went with the Frittata Zola: an open-face omelet with carmelized onions, sweet potato cubes, goat cheese, and fluffy challah croutons. Oh. So. Good. The flavors, which had me curious but wary, blended in strange and magical ways.  Another reviewer has said that she found the sweet potatoes inedibly undercooked.  Mine were cooked all the way through--no crunchiness--but still very firm and bright.  For the first few bites I feared that they'd be raw (and this was before I read the other review) but I grew to trust the frittata and soon relaxed.  It really hit me as I was chewing my last bite that there was basically nothing "on" any of the ingredients.  Egg.  Onions. Sweet Potatoes.  Goat cheese.  An absolute minimum of sauces and spices--which made me respect the frittata all the more. On the other end of the secret herbs and spices spectrum were the roasted rosemary potatoes (which come with the three-egg omelets--v. generous portions!).  Every time I turned to my taters, the first bite was unbelievable.  By bite three, though, I'd be getting thirsty--they were a tad on the salty side, but still delicious and cooked perfectly.  SK and I were wary of the cool, crunchy centers and mushy outsides common with such large chunks of potato.  No such thing!  Wonderful, consistent texture.At other tables we saw fries served in what looked like a milkshake cup (the metal kind), martinis served tableside from little shakers, and French press coffees and teas.  My own coffee refill was delivered by our very nice, not aloof server (though she did disappear right when we wanted our bill) in a cute little glass carafe.It was pricier than we usually look for in a breakfast, but not unreasonable for the quantity and quality you get.  This was one of the best brunches I've ever had.  My only complaint is the coffee--$3.50 for regular brewed coffee?  I mean, I know it's fair trade and organic and "free refills" (that's not assumed?), but still.  Had I known the price ahead of time (I tend to order coffee as I sit down, not after perusing the menu) I would have gone with a cappuccino or similar--they were less than fifty cents more.Momometer: my mom would LOVE this place.  If she ever comes to visit on her own or with a girlfriend, we're going.  I didn't try the famous Turkish Brunch because I don't really do olives (or hard-boiled eggs for that matter).  But she does both, and more, and would love it.Popometer: Sadly, this place would be totally wasted on my dad.  He is a pancakes, sausage links, and maple syrup man and despite the famed waffles, I think he would find this place an expensive way to miss the point of brunch.  Not to mention that it is REALLY LOUD AND CLANGY INSIDE AND YOU HAVE TO TALK LIKE THIS!  He wouldn't be able to hear a damn thing, and would be annoyed by that as well.  The experience would be redeemable for him if we sat outside, maybe, but I still wouldn't invest in a Zola brunch for dad. More frittata for me.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,3/11/2010,91,123,5,6,5>This place is amazing. They roast all of the coffee fresh in store and brew it to perfection. You're not going to find any mocha-chai-skinny-frappa-iced-chino's here. :) It's all about pure, fresh coffee and the vast array of flavors within.They have latte's and cappuccino's. There's no drip coffee it's all french press or this Japanese (I think) brew method that allows for a very clean cup of coffee. They also offer a few varieties of fair trade organic coffee's.The owner Jim is a very nice guy who has an obvious passion for coffee and his customers. The offer a frequent buyer card, free wi-fi and a really unique and comfortable atmosphere for hanging out.There's no food and they aren't open during the day on Saturday. Saturday night though is board game night. :)
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,3/10/2010,40,107,11,9,6>This is the closest thing I'll probably ever have to a town butcher.I first heard about the meat market while eavesdropping on some 30-something housewives (very attractive, btw) dressed up for a night out at Melange 2 years ago, talking about how they loved to go in and would cut pieces of raw tenderloin and eat it, before they made dinner for the night. (On another note, they could've just been wives and not housewives, but there was a certain "Desperate Housewives" feel to the group).So, since then I've been meaning to go, but I don't often cook with meat so, it never came to mind.Until I needed some pretty flank steak to go with a salad I was making. I was unimpressed with the grocery store selection, so I called them up in the morning.2 pounds, flank, last name. When do you need it by? noon? we'll have it ready an hour before. thanks.Show up, pick up my meat, (pay for meat), cook meat, live happily ever after.
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,3/9/2010,74,270,3,4,4>Hitting up Corner is always the highlight of my week.  Monday is all day happy hour and it makes it worth the trip.  The patrons of CB run the gamete from college students to professionals.  That atmosphere is always laid back and makes it a good place to hang out or get some work done while sipping one of their fine brews.Our overwhelming favorite brew is Espresso Love, Brasserie Blonde is a close second.  The food options are always fresh and delicious.  I love the low key no table service,  the eclectic furnishings, and the smoke free environment.  Everyone I know loves this place and will continue to go back time and time again.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2009,3/8/2010,99,529,4,7,2>I was glad I read the reviews and restaurant info ahead of time, because we had no cash PLUS we had the baby with us...so we stopped at an ATM and decided on takeout! That said, I was sure I was going to give this place five stars because I can be a bit of a lemming, and all the other glowing reviews swayed me before we even got close to the place, but I'm sticking with four. Read on, peeps.Since there was no take-out menu, I had to just give hubby a few options and have him pick something. I had planned on studying the whole menu and maybe trying something outside my box, but was stuck in the car with the boy. This also means I didn't get a menu to take home (for next time) either. So that was a bit of a disappointment right off the top. My Pad Thai was good--but it was WAAAY too hot...which surprised me because Pad Thai is not generally known to be a spicy dish (as far as I am aware). Although I am all about a bit of spice in my dishes (I've even been known to order a Medium now and again), I did read the reviews that said Pi's spices are in a totally different class than anything I'd be used to at normal Thai places. And I understood that. But I still did not expect Pad Thai to make my nose run and stop me from eating at a normal pace! I asked hubby (who went in and did the ordering) if the menu said it was spicy or if he asked for spicier and he said no to both. Which to me means that's their NORMAL spice level. Yikes.Hubby got some curry dish with rice, chicken, and green peppers--and it had just a faint tinge of spice to it (perfect for us!). He did tell them "no spice" and the woman behind the counter laughed and said "EVERYTHING IS SPICY! There is no 'no spice' here!" But maybe asking for no spice was the trick to getting a completely non-spicy dish?!One thing I noticed about both dishes was that there was no sauce to speak of. Now, in normal Thai places we've been to, there is always a bit of sauce in the dish (both in his curry dishes and my Pad Thai). And I don't mean dripping sauce like a gravy or anything, but at least a substance you can actually SEE on the noodles or the rice. But these dishes were completely "naked" so-to-speak, yet were still SO VERY TASTY! Amazing.The crab rangoons and chicken sticks (I think that's what hubby called them?) were also very good. The crab rangoon looked a little overdone (the wonton wrappers were brown, bordering on dark brown) but they tasted perfect! Everything was also piping hot temperature-wise, and stayed hot through our 15-minute drive home. Impressive. I asked hubby if we would have wanted to eat inside and he paused...then said no. But he did say he definitely saw some regulars in there (one guy walked in and asked "What are you going to cook for me today?"). We might have eaten there had we not had our 6-month old with us. So four stars because of their cash only policy, a too-spicy Pad Thai, no take-out menu, and lack of decent dining-in facilities. But we'd definitely go back!!
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,3/7/2010,104,113,5,6,3>Today was the first day I'd ever been to Papa Joe's.  My mother in the last year has really gotten into trying out new recipes almost daily out of these gourmet magazines.  Apparently this is a great market to get oddball stuff at.From the minute we walked in they had me at the dessert counter.  I don't know who thought dipping marshmallows in chocolate and covering them in sprinkles would be a fantastic idea, but God bless you kind person ... God bless you.After my mother had pulled my face from the glass and I could hear the cellulite on my ass rejoicing because more would not be joining them we checked out the coffee.  After we used their little carcinogen cups to taste test the coffee I actually bought beans for their Breakfast Blend.  Nummy nummy nummy.Like any gourmet market you can expect higher prices.  In all fairness, they do have some REALLY good sales.  The other thing I thought was fantastic was the freebie taste testing.  I also found out about the wine sampling.  It's like the store knew I would be stuck with my mother for the next hour and they were just helping me deal with it!This might sound very childish, but I knew I found an amazing grocery store when I saw they carried cookies called "Whippets."  Oooooh the inappropriate jokes I made with my mom about those for the next hour was worth it.  They also were on sale 2/$5.00.  Really, how do you not find a cookie called Whippet hilarious?  We definitely ended up buying a box of them even though each cookie is 65 calories apiece. All in all I had a great experience checking everything out.  I loved their selection.  The reason I knocked it one star is because I was unbelievably offended watching one of the managers freak out on one of their employees.  Not only was the offense not worth their public humiliation, but if you feel the need to tell them what they did was so awful then pull them aside in a backroom but NOT where the customers can see.  I found that very unprofessional.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2010,3/5/2010,44,77,4,8,9>I went to Roast because of all the fantastic reviews I read from my fellow yelpers.  This is what we had: Roasted marrow $9Bacon Lardon Salad $9Fried Brussels Sprouts $7Filet Mignon $26Ribeye $32A dirty martini and three beers.First, the service was outstanding. Our waitress, her name is Liz, gave us some great recommendations. She was very excited about the menu and she was very personable.  The bone marrow was interesting. I was initially afraid of it, but it was pretty tasty...reminded me of butter with herbs and capers. It's served with toasted bread, a side of pickled onions and peppers, and lemon wedges. It just seemed to melt.The bacon lardon salad was by far one of the most fantastic things ever! My boyfriend actually ordered it for us to split, and I NEVER though he would order a salad. This is such a not salad type of salad. The lettuce is minimal, and the pork plentiful! The poached egg on top just made it even more rich and delicious! If there was a bit more lettuce with it, I could have easily made this my entree!The filet and ribeye, both ordered bloody as hell, came out a perfect rare. I wouldn't have had it any other way. I could have cut the filet with a spoon, it was so tender!Brussels sprouts were rockin! I have never had them cooked that way, pan fried, crispy on the outside, tender in the middle. I believe they were cooked in olive oil with perhaps a rice wine vinegar.The kitchen is open so we could look in and see what was going on.  the roast beast of the day, suckling pig, was rotating around there in plain  sight in all of its deliciousness. We could smell the hardwood of the grill from our table.We are already planning our return visit and what we will be ordering. The couple next to us had the beef cheek pierogi. We will be getting that for sure. I think I may get adventurous and get the wild boar next time! Roast is a bit of a splurge but well worth it. It is a great place for a date, we went for a birthday and pre-yelp Art Attack! The only thing lacking was I would have preferred a more intimate setting with the other tables a little further away from mine.
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2009,3/4/2010,40,84,6,4,5>Pssst... yeah, you.... come a little closer. I have a confession to make... I'm addicted to bars with lots of TVs that have lots of different sports on. By that standard plus a diverse crowd, NBA Playoff basketball and cheap beer, my first trip to Roosevelt's had absolutely everything going for it. I like Roosevelt's location. It's very close to I-696, nestled in Farmington Hills, which makes it a great spot for meeting friends who live in the east burbs. Dr. Wife and I often struggle to find suitable places that are halfsies, and this one did the trick. Unfortunately, I can only rate the drinks, service and atmosphere on this particular review. Since I had just had a particularly bad dining experience at Bahama Breeze, I was in no mood to throw any additional solids into what I like to refer to as "the gas tank for the love machine," only adult liquids.We opted for cheap pitchers and threw darts with Dr. Mike and Dr. Stacy, both of whom were departing for their residencies in Virginia the following morning. We had a really nice time, service was great and the dart board favored my spotty aim most of the evening. I personally don't mind the saloon feel. The crowd was very diverse as well, which I really enjoy from a people watching standpoint. A group of prowling Cougars in one corner, blue collar guys in another and a cornucopia of 20 and 30 somethings of every stereotypical demo filled in the center. It was a fun night for all and the staff was so friendly, I'm sure I'll be back to sample those delicious looking nachos and to take advantage of the Wi-Fi.
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,3/3/2010,252,310,1,7,6>Wow, it's great to see the plethora of reviews on this place. I guess being in that proper "Mexicantown" corner that outsiders visit often has its advantages with visibility. Anyhow, I met for a quick, cheap lunch here with my friend Eric P. as it's one of his Southwest Detroit favorites, and a quick drive from his workplace downtown. I was very satisfied. The complimentary tortilla chips came out with FOUR different dippings! A hotter salsa, medium salsa, corn/onion mild salsa, and even a guacamole sauce (which admittedly for cost reasons is a bit watered down of course), along with a generous bowl of lime wedges which covered all our salsas and tacos as well.My lunch was simple, as I am trying to eat in better portions these days. I ordered traditional corn flour tacos, that were only $1 each. I believe I chose meats such as: marinated pork, fried pork, grilled steak, and pork stomach. The tacos were traditional double layer tortillas (you can check pictures as I uploaded a picture of all 4 of them). One of the meats, I believe it was the marinated pork, was a little dry, but with the exception of that one, the rest were juicy and made sweet Mexican love to my taste buds. I ordered the rice milky horchata and it went SO WELL with my tacos. Normally when I get horchata at other places, the cinnamon and nutmeg flavors are subtle but this one was a bit sweeter and had more pronounced nutmeg and cinnamon, so I can actually say that it was some of the best horchata I've had. I only wish they didn't put ice in it so I would get more volume of horchata, lol. Next time I'll say full glass, no ice :-)At $1/taco, and $1 for the horchata, a bill that came out to $5.30 sure beats going anywhere else for lunch if you're downtown at that price. I like how they encourage speaking in Spanish, though at lunchtime on a weekday it was definitely majority Americans, I'm sure to some extent they've caught on to the theme that "authenticity sells."Though my overall favorite in Southwest Detroit is "Mi Pueblo," the more elaborate family restaurant further West towards the Dearborn-side of SW Detroit, this place ranks highly amongst my 2nd tier Mexican spots in SW Detroit! Try it out!
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2009,3/2/2010,21,72,,15,5>We decided to go here after we had a botched movie date night and it just happened to be Thursday, the night Royal Eagle is open!  Once we had this revelation, we called and got a reservation right away.Being Harper Woods residents, this monastary and restaurant is truly unexpected.  You pull up and walk through the gardens and it is like you are in another world.  It is so serene and peaceful, I almost felt like I was in a small garden in Europe.We walked into the restaurant portion and were warmly greeted by the wait staff. The place was packed and we were seated at our table.   Which was really charming and cozy.  I felt like I was in someone's living room!  The menu was so full of so many options that we both were in-between about 3 dishes.  We ordered the Siberian Pelmeni as an appetizer and as I took a bite of the first one, I remarked, "I can see myself craving these".  The dumplings were so flavorful and were placed on a bed of sour cream and sauted onions.  I could have just had those for dinner and been in heaven!  We also loved the bread basket with the garlic oil dipping sauce.  Next time, I need to not eat so much of it so I am not so full at dinner!My husband ordered the Borscht soup and wow.  That is all I can say.  It was really divine and had such an amazing flavor.  I wish I would have ordered my own bowl!For dinner,  I had the Chicken Kiev and my husband had the Beef Wellington.  Both were just fantastic.  I am really anxious to go back and try a few other items I had my stomach eyeballing.We both ordered dessert as well, me the pumpin pie that was served more like a tart than a slice and my husband the hazelnut creme brulee.  He compared it to eating a marshmellow that was toasted over a fire, crispy on the outside, warm and soft on the inside.Needless to say, we had a fantasic experience at the Royal Eagle and cannot wait to go back!  Truly a gem in Harper Woods!
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2009,3/1/2010,107,244,,7,4>After much thought and careful consideration, I have come to my conclusion. 4 stars. Read it and weep. Here is why I came to that conclusion: it is possible for me to leave there with very happy taste buds and a full belly for under $5. My favorite sampling was the aloo tikka. It was bursting with spicy, fennel-y goodness. The flavor reminded me of sausage. Next was the veggie puff. The pastry was light and crisp, but way too messy for me to order again. The potatoes in the samosa tasted slightly burnt with a heavy pepper flavor to them. The tea tasted starchy, almost as if they used potato milk in it. It wasn't bad- just different. To round out the meal, there was the sweets. The woman behind the counter was generous with the samples. To be honest, I have no idea what I ordered- but it was good. The sticky, sweet treat tasted of almond and boasted a strong orange color. I am excited to go back and try out many more of Royal Sweets offerings.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,2/28/2010,164,52,1,8,10>I've come to realize something.  I think many on Yelp (wrongly) only  determine how to rate a place and their experience based solely on what they wanted it to be.  Many don't consider the culture - or what the owners, employees, other clients, surroundings, history, etc. are trying to create as an experience at a destination.  I just wanted to say that to explain my rating because people too often forget these other considerations.  And I think it's a shame.So - Brown Jug.  College bar: 5 Stars!  I love it!  Do I love it for a date, to take my family out for a family meal or for a power brunch with coworkers?  No.  But, without a doubt, it is the quintessential college undergrad bar.  If you don't love college undergrad bars - simply don't go!This is Big Ten college bar central.  Too many people, not enough space, but I swear to God, the servers are fantastic and work their butts off for you and your table.  Prices are more than reasonable, even down right cheap.  And I'm from the Midwest.  You can buy fries and a pitcher of Miller for less than a Big Mac and Diet Coke.  I will say, it's a legit place in the summer to have a big all American lunch outdoors.The Jug is, for many a great starting point for the night.  For many others, it's a great 'middle ground' until you figure out where everyone wants to really go place.  And for many more, it's a great end of the night place.  For some, it's an "We stopped by the Jug?  Really?!" or "I was there ALL NIGHT?!  I thought I was studying" place.  What I'm getting at is it's transcient.  The scene, while college, is always moving.Again, it's a college scene but without most of the pretentious or obnoxious people you find at ... oh...Rick's.  It's not Greek central, it's not nerdville - it's college students out with friends to just have a good time.  I could go there, have good bar food, drink for cheap, and have fun.  And, if I got bored with our fun, I'd go flop into another booth or strike up a conversation with random others who were just having their own fun too.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,2/27/2010,23,31,3,11,9>Wow.  I thought that I was well connected with the local foodie scene, but now I see that my friends must have been holding out on me!  How could I have lived less than 10 minutes from Neehee's all this time and no one told me about it.I've was looking for a review of another business on Yelp earlier this week and while I didn't find the review I was looking for I stumbled upon Neehee's.  The name just caught my eye. Street food?  Really?  In Canton? It's more likely than you think.  I got there just after lunch on a Saturday and it was somewhat busy, but I only had to wait about 5 minutes for a table to open up. The menu is incredible.  96 items not counting drinks and desserts.  I didn't know where to begin. Everything sounded, looked and smelled so good and the prices were ridiculously low.  In the end I had the Dahi Puri and some samosas. I didn't realize they had sugar cane juice until after I sat down or I would have ordered that instead of a can of coke.The Dahi Puri was sweet and tangy and little spicy and was a wonderful contrast to the samosas.  The samosa dough was nice and chewy, yet crispy and flaky at the edges. The filling was moist and flavorful and the sauces were perfect.  I can't tell you the last time I left a restaurant completely full for under $7 and at a vegetarian restaurant at that!I can't wait to go back, as a matter of fact I may go back again this weekend...
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2010,2/26/2010,223,265,5,14,12>When I walked in the door I thought there was some kind of mistake.  It looks like a cross between someone's kitchen and the tiniest corner party store that you've ever seen.  They have about 5 tables and a small aisle of good looking groceries.My wife didn't see any egg dishes on the menu and asked if they made eggs with cactus.  They had both a lunch and dinner version.I had carnitas and ground beef tacos.  EVERYTHING was great.  None of the tacos were dripping in fat; they tasted great; the tortillas were superb.  They also brought out some chips directly from the fryer.All the flavors were distinct and clean - tacos came with cliantro and lime, just how I like them.I was asked if I wanted the $1.49 tacos or the $1.99 tacos.  The difference was a 4" or 5" tortilla.  I got the larger ones and they were worth every penny of it.  I was stuffed at 3 tacos.The jamaica was good - also not listed on the menu.Great friendly service.
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2009,2/25/2010,52,123,11,20,18>If Moro's was located in Birmingham, it would be nationally recognized as one of the finest restaurants in the Detroit area. Celebs, Rock Stars and famous athletes would be in-line nightly. But don't let the fact that it reside in a store front in Allen Park deter you. Moro's is one of the finest dining experiences in the Detroit area and also one of our best kept secrets.The food is traditional Italian with some interesting twists. I've had Shrimp Scampi, Linguine Fruti de Mare and Veal Marsala and all three were outstanding and memorable. My last trip I tried one of those interesting twists... a Hungarian dish called Veal Paprikash. Chunks of tender veal on a bed of Linguine in a Hungarian sauce. OMG was it GREAT! The service at Moro's is superbly tuxedoed, precise, friendly and never boorish. The flaming table-side desserts are a must. Flaming Bananas Foster is great, but the Flaming Macedonian is an unique dessert experience to be seen, felt and tasted. Simply put... This is the restaurant Birmingham wishes it had.
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2009,2/23/2010,135,218,5,7,6>A tea enthusiasts's dream, TeaHaus has tea blends and varieties for every palate out there.  White, green, black, rooibos, fruit, herbal, etc... you could drink a different kind every day for a year. =)  It sounds overwhelming, but the staff are incredibly knowledgeable and friendly, so you could just start by choosing your favorite variety (like... green tea) and asking them for their favorite types.  Start with the smallest 50g bags - they look small but when you only need 1 teaspoon of tea leaves for a cup of tea, they go a long ways.  The teas are also priced well at this size, from $3.50-$20.00 for the 50 grams.  My advice is to spend the $8 on a Finum tea basket to keep at your desk at work or in the pantry at home... they work SO much better than those tea balls (no leaves or debris in your cup at all!) and last forever.  I've never hung out inside the store and had tea there, but the chocolate brown walls and cushy seating looks inviting.  A great place to bring a book and while away an hour on a weekend winter afternoon.Tea is much healthier for you than coffee, gives you enough caffeine to wake you up in the morning, and helps combat the oncoming winter chill in the air.  Head over to TeaHaus and let the expert staff make you a tea convert.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,2/22/2010,1388,1056,10,20,18>Very good pierogi! I would not have found them here except for my local friend. I figure if she liked them I was safe as her gran is Polish and I have tasted her gran's delicious homemade pierogi.It is a friendly mom and pop type shop. The pierogi run between $6.50- $8 bucks per dozen. They have an excellent selection but I must admit it is all about the farmer's cheese or the kraut for me. My husband is a fan of the potato, cheese and bacon. For something different you can get cherry which can stem my vareniki cravings in a pinch.They also sell stuffed cabbage, soups and various other items but I have not delved into them yet.Easily turned into a tasty dinner. Great for the non chef, like myself.
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,2/21/2010,48,55,9,7,6>Sylvia's is one of those places that you just have to be a local to understand. It has been here forever, and has had the same regulars for 30 years, and only gains more regulars.   I cannot beleive I am the first to review it. I will gladly take the honor though.    Sylvia's is a family owned sub shop who serve up a very wide variety of subs, a small selection nof salads, and pizza. Now to just go to Sylvia's not in the know you would easily fall flat on your face, but because you're here reading this... I will guide you!    The subs here are huge, and you have the option of whole or half. I ussually get half because my dog enjoys them too. Your best choices in this department are the steak and cheese or the taco. Because this resturaunt is 5 houses away from me, I take them home and dress them up a bit more (Wishbone italian and Frank's red hot are critical on the steak and cheese).   I have not had one of the salads, but from what I hear, and based on the newspaper clippings on the wall, the taco and tuna salad are amazing choices.   The pizza is an aquired taste. You have to know it's purpose and how to bring in after market products. They only have one size (too big), and it is dirty cheap. Your best option here is the special that has a ton of meat, green peppers and onions and mushrooms. Fresh this pizza is not very good compared to the hundreds of great pizza options, but when drunk, or just coming off a drunk, and this mammoth pie is sitting on the counter, this thing turns into working class gourmet!!!
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,2/20/2010,95,91,4,5,5>SMOKE FREE!Sure, all Michigan bars will be sometime in the next few months, but I give ROB major props for setting an example before the government stepped in with the smoke ban.ROB is a great place to grab a brew literally any hour of the day (if you roll that way). The food here is a few notches higher than the typical bar fare - you'll be surprised if you don't associate dinner-worthy food with a brewery. The crowd is always different - families, after-work meet-ups, awkward second dates... The seasonal brews have been great recently. The blonde is always good. Best part - parking just a block west is free! No meters, no mess.
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,2/19/2010,45,114,5,7,6>Okay, there are so many things I liked here about the pizza. Its crust is thin, and when you have a good recipe for dough you don't need a lot of it. It allows your tongue to taste the toppings simultaneously. So immediately I tasted:Hand cut spicy pepperoniThin, tangy slices of white onionFresh, milky, roundish, blobs of mozzarellaSardines!!I was saving sardines for last you know. It is an acquired taste but soo worth it. It was salty, a bit meaty and oily. Smells like fish. Oh, it was great. They used a gorgeous filet of sardine. Oh yeah... filets of fish at a time. Pizza that can't be wolfed down like an androgynous cheese breaded taste of a pizza slice is the real thing. Yeah there's a bit of brown-to-dark brown on the bottom of your pie. Its oven baked and unique as a piece of art!
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/23/2009,2/18/2010,35,54,4,10,4>I was recommended Shish Kabob Express by a woman opening the door for me as I was leaving Haifa Falafel with quite a few takeout bags of food. She said that Shish Kabob was cheaper and even more delicious. After hearing that, I had to try it out!Shish Kabob Express is located next to Smokehouse Blues on Washtenaw. The sign for the restaurant is hilarious. My roommate openly pondered what compelled a graphic designer to collage together hummus, an ocean, vegetables and cliffs complete with clouds and a yellow sun. I don't know. Either way, it's easy to find the restaurant. Food was delicious, service slow. I don't know if they were slammed with take out orders or what, but no one else was eating in, so I still don't know the reason it took 15 minutes to get a frozen lemonade. The spicy fried potato app. was excellent. My roommate and I ordered the same thing; chicken schwarma sandwich with a side of rice. The garlic sauce here is outstanding. My dad loved his mixed meat plate and his salad was tasty, too. I would definitely return but... maybe next time I would just get take-out. Eating in here is kind of awkward. There is at least one flat screen tv and not much ambiance, plus the building is all windows. They have been open since February 09. Lunch specials start at $6.50 and are served until 3pm.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,2/17/2010,47,75,5,10,6>When I first called this place, I didn't know anything about it - not even the name.  All I knew was that when I was planning my trip to India, my friend had told me to call Sangita and given me this phone number.  Of course, as an independent traveler, I'm not used to dealing with travel professionals.  I did my normal research, checked sidestep for the best and cheapest plane tickets, and my travel partner and I agreed on a rough itinerary.  Then, I called Sangita, told her what my plans were, and she beat the best price I had found anywhere for my plane tickets.  And, with fares as high as they can be to India, every penny you can save is a big help.  So, I was quite happy, and will definitely call Sangita again before my next trip.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,2/16/2010,80,187,1,8,7>Dustin and I shop at the Kroger across the street and have driven by Thai Taste (and the tiny shopping center its in) about a billion times, or really maybe once a week. Driving by I always thought "hey look a Thai place and so close to home, we should try that soon." Well Janelle P.'s review really motivated Dustin and I to make the extra effort to go. Dustin started his meal with hot and sour soup - looked good, full of tasty bits. I am not a fan of hot and sour soup, so I cant really say much more than Dustin liked it. Then we shared chicken yellow curry and pepper garlic beef. It was all so great! I thought the taste of the yellow curry was complex, and the pepper garlic sauce was good just mixed into the rice. It was so good it was hard not to keep eating. The restaurant is small, with mismatched table and chairs. The kind of place where you are thankful they skimped on the decor in order to spend their money on great ingredients, which translates into great food. Dustin and I were the only diners that night, but there were several people who came in while we were there to pick up their take-out orders. We will definitely be back to sample more of the food options!
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2010,2/15/2010,1045,881,3,5,3>Ever wanna feel like Alice in Wonderland where she goes thru the rabbit hole and then thinks..WTF?Yes this would be a newcomer walking into the book shop. You go in thinking it will be small or compared to the front area of TKwu next door you rightfully can assume that..and then you go in. This is really how you should be wasting your afternoon opposed to be asked at borders if you need help every single moment when you just want to walk around the aisles and hope to find something new to learn, read, or peaks your interest.It keeps going and going..I bought cooking books (willams and sonoma!! woohhooo), business books, and some random other books here. They have TONS of books, comics, any subject you can come up with. I like how it is VERRRYYYY organized and they can tell you if they have it or not among these thousands of books..and where you should be looking. If its not there..its not there. Move on to something else! So many unique books or authors here. Street parking on thompson is pretty easy and free on sundays. Don't bother with the parking structure unless you know you are just stopping by for a few mins. I doubt that.The people are super helpful and perky....YAY for those who don't need plastic bags to carry their books..there have always been atleast 10 other people when I go into this place. The prices aren't bad and the new popular books are in the front.
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2010,2/14/2010,192,175,10,10,11>Despite a stage behind the bar the real stars to be found at Club Bart are what's served on a plate. Seriously. It looks kind of sketchy, like you'd only want a PBR or whisky surprise but in all actuality their brunch is amazing! I have not had a meal that I have not loved. I have tried specials from the Breakfast Enchilada, the Vegetable Breakfast Quesadila, to more traditional omelets. As a rule of thumb, if the special sounds good, go for it--I have yet to be disappointed. Today I had the Vegetable Breakfast Quesadilla again. It was a huge tortilla filled with scrambled eggs, cheese, green peppers, onions, veggie sausage (regular was available), and tomatoes (though I ordered without) and served with sour cream and homemade salsa. It is huge! Like fills up most of the platter huge! The rest of the space was occupied by their hash browns which aren't the generic grated potatoes, they're more of mashed texture. . . maybe it's just a finer grate? Regardless, they're delicious. My friend had the Breakfast Enchilada and she loved it as much as I did the first time I had it. Again, it's a huge tortilla stuffed with eggs, spinach, and white beans, and topped with a really great enchilada sauce and melted cheese and served with the same great hash browns.Note: check the white board on the wall to make sure nothing is 86'ed.I found out today that they do serve breakfast through the week, just not specials. They also have a lunch a dinner menu. Someday I need to try the grilled cheese which is made with cheddar, feta, and cream cheese!  The one drawback of Club Bart is the smoking. Seriously. MI cannot go smoke free soon enough. I know it's a bar and that some people might enjoy the taste of nicotine with their eggs, but I would rather not leave smelling like ass after an amazing brunch. They also have a juke box.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,2/13/2010,215,177,6,8,6>I never had a chance to try Temptations under the old guard and was quite curious to try it under the new guard.Granted, I was having quite a night.  Having just hit a deer (the deer actually hit me!) and sustaining light auto damage.  My friend and I were starving and our first choice for Indian dinner panned out. I suggested we give Temptations a try.I'm SO glad we did.  It was somewhat late, so there weren't many people stuffing face.  The service was prompt and we got a free appetizer.  I found lots of things on the menu that I've never seen in Indian restaurants before (and I've been to a LOT of Indian restaurants) so I decided to try something completely new rather than stick with one of my old favorites.My friend is vegan and the wait staff were very attentive to her needs, answering her questions and giving her bread suggestions.Our first "snacky choice" was the Subz-e-Ajab--extremely tasty. My friend ordered the Baingan Bartha (eggplant).  It was very good. I ordered the Tandoori Hariyali Kebab: little logs of spinach, cottage cheese, nuts and spices, grilled.  It was an interesting mix of tastes.  I liked it. We got a ton of bread (which came with the meal) and I was comped a salt lassi (maybe because I had never tried one before?  I usually get mango). We left tummy-full and satisfied.Fortunately I didn't have any nightmares about venison vindaloo later that evening.
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,2/12/2010,376,267,8,23,14>The Food: The closest I've found to the real deal- don't take it from me- take it from my friend from East Germany who accompanied me there. Words out of his own mouth. And if you know Germans, they typically don't compliment unless they REALLY mean it. I've been to Germany several times and loved the food. So when I feel the hankering for some delicious authentic German sausage, this is where I go to satisfy the urge. The Knackwurst is absolutely spectacular. It's shell is nice and crispy, as it should be! (That's where it get's it's name...Knack...is similar to the English word for "Snap") If you've never had it, I'd say it's comparable- not identical by any means- but comparable to Polish Kielbasa. The Weisswurst is delicious as well. Both come with German Potato Salad and a side of Sauerkraut. Oh, and for mustard...they give it to you in a container reminiscent of a toothpaste tube.  Don't be put off, it's delicious! Germans know their mustard.Oh and Germans, also know their beer. You have a limited selection at this restaurant, but that's pretty true to the German experience too. You don't find millions of brands of beers at once place in Germany. They all have local beers that they support and this place is not an exception. I assure you though, it will be better than any domestic beer you can find here. So worry not!I do have a few recommendations if sausage is not your thing. Try the Rindroulade. It's thinly sliced steak that is "stuffed" (rolled around a mixture of rice bacon and onions) and then doused in beef gravy. Germans love to douse things in gravy. And that's fine by me! It's delicious! Very heavy comfort food. Great for winter months.Also, if you're new to German cuisine either Weinerschnitzel (Breaded veal patty) or Chicken Schnitzel might be a good introduction. It's very easlily approachable and almost always a crowd pleaser. But WAIT! I have not gotten to the very best part. The Dessert. So I hope I haven't lost you with my ramblings yet! The chef and honor is rumored to have studied at a culinary school in France that specializes in pastry. Do you see where I'm going with this? Ok...a MUST TRY is the Strudel. Either Kirsche (Cherry) or Apfel (Apple) I assure you, you cannot go wrong! The flaky, crispy pastry is sprinkled with powdered sugar and inside you have this wonderful, flavorful fruit filling- I love the cherry personally. Another recommendation: Schwarzaelder Kirsch Torte. (Don't worry if you don't understand. I'll translate for you: DELICIOUS!!!) No but seriously, it means Blackforest Cherry Torte. This cake is layered chocolate cake with cherry and chocolate mouse, shavings of chocolate on top. It's simply divine! Rich, with light fluffy mouse textures...and as my German friend reminds me..."No awful fake icing on top." Hey, Germans have never been the types to hold back how they really feel!Wheew. That was tiring. I hope you all appreciate this =P lol.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2009,2/11/2010,33,105,3,5,4>Holy cannoli! Maria's is top notch! This is one of those places I don't think I would have ever heard of if it weren't for Yelp. Maria's is difficult to find, and impossible to see if you are just driving by. When I first walked in, I wasn't too impressed. There is a lot of stuff crammed into a small shop, but it turns out its some pretty delicious stuff. I went in wanting a sandwich for lunch and came out with a "U-Bake" pizza and two cannolis, that were quite honestly the best I have ever had. The employees were quick and polite, and the food was outstanding. I will definitely visit Maria's again in the future when I need to a quick dinner or my sweet tooth starts acting up (which is often). Thanks, yelpers, for making me discover a new instant favorite!
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2010,2/10/2010,86,398,4,5,5>I can sit here for hours slurping their perfect miso soup and taking advantage of the free wi-fi. I always get the sliced bulgogi over rice which comes with four little dishes of sides (two kimchi - very good!), spouts and crispy steamed brocolli. Fountain pop includes cherry coke (yipee!) and although (according to the posted menu) they charge a quarter for refills, I've never actually been charged. The couple who run this place are both more than willing to put up with my long string of requests for extra pop, another miso soup (three hours later!), and subbing a second helping of spouts for the napa kimchi. Tables are cleaned regularly. The chairs are okay, but difficult to sit in for hours (which is what I am generally doing, seeing as how I'm in here to use the internet). The bathroom is down a staircase in the back and is hard to find and use (obviously for staff use primarily!) - it's sometimes not so clean. A big plus for me is that they usually have CNN on the flat screen with subtitles so I can glance up occassionally and see the news. Also, if I have a hankering to read the news, there are a stash of newspapers in a box under the TV (near the trashcan). You have to dig a bit to find English-language newspapers, but hey, they're free!Other reviewers have mentioned the caucasian man who works here and how strange it is - for a good story, ask him who he is and how he ended up here. I'm a bit of a romantic, so I think it's a great story.
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2010,2/9/2010,103,74,3,9,8>Bravo Guilio's! After reading the reviews with gluten-free info from Matt B and Liz W, I just had to suggest Guilio's to Daniel E and his wife when we were making New Year's Eve plans. Fortunately they were game and we left impressed and eager to go back.It seemed particularity busy since it was New Year's Eve - I think that many restaurants can miss the mark on holidays especially when offering a special menu. The ONLY issue with the entire meal was that our server was a little slow/off (we were seated after what seemed to be a big turnover) in the beginning but he totally redeemed himself.The regular bread looked chewy and crispy and was enjoyed by everyone but me. I lucked out with a homemade gluten-free bread, slightly grilled and oh so good! To start we had the gluten-free calamari. We weren't shy and got 2 orders since you might as well go out of 2009 with a bang...and a full stomach! It was deliciously tender calamari with crisp breading. The marinara-like sauce that came with it was nice and fresh but I would have enjoyed some more spice. Definitely squeeze that lemon on there, it adds a nice acidity. We got cocktails before the meal and I very much enjoyed my extra dirty martini. While it looks not-so-dirty it was just right on the olive juice and vermouth...trust me, I drink A LOT of extra dirty martinis. We tried twice to order wines only to be informed that they were out of it. But, the second time the server was on his mark and had an upgraded Simi Alexander Valley Cabernet Sauvignon that the server could tell us that it where the grapes...honestly, I don't care if he just read the back of the bottle. He knew it right away and it was fun. The wine was just the right amount of everything - yum!While I longed for the delicious Crab Stuffed Gnocci in amazing-ness cream/cheese sauce, it wasn't gluten-free. No worries, I got the Seafood Pasta which was mussels, clams, calamari, shrimp, and bay scallops with a tomato sauce. Literally every piece of seafood was cooked to perfection. The sauce was great and the homemade gluten-free pasta...wow. I didn't believe it was gluten-free at first. The leftovers were awesome cold the next day too.Dan's wife got the Crab Stuffed Gnocci and confirmed it's deliciousness. Dan and my husband got the lamb and they both enjoyed!For dessert I shared the gluten-free tiramisu that was chocolate and mint. Now I really don't get down on that combo often but I heard such good things I knew I had to try it. It. Was. Amazing. The mint was oh so subtle, the cake was the best gluten-free cake I have eaten, and the cream throughout was delish! Matt B recommended that I call ahead to see what the gluten-free desserts are because they rotate and believe me I will!AWESOME gluten-free dining. I will be back!
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,2/8/2010,42,154,2,6,5>Green Lantern, with its close promixty to my parent's residence, was the first independent pizza place I ever tried.   It became the standard from which I judged all other pizzas.  To be modest, it can be a tough standard to live up to.  The charred pepperoni, the greasy cheese, this pizza is delicious and conjures nostalgia of my youth.  Sure the toppings aren't top quality, but I enjoy their pizza all the same.The non-pizza food at the Green Lantern is just ok.  I've had their Reuben before and it was just ok and a little small.  The antipasta salad has the typical toppings with bought-in dressing.  In other words, order the PIZZA here.Green Lantern has a working class vibe, people who just got off work come here to relax and enjoy some decent pizza and some cold beer.  I'm not a huge fan of the dark, dank, and smokey vibe of the place, but I usually carry out so I don't have to worry about it.  Green Lantern puts the slogan"Pizza Pizza" to shame.  Their great pizzas at a moderate prices explain why this restaurant is packed every night of the week.  If you haven't tried GL yet, what are you waiting for?
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2009,2/7/2010,40,132,5,7,5>This was one of my favorite Middle Eastern restaurants when I lived in Dearborn so long ago,  and I'm excited to say that it's as good now as it ever was. It's a neighborhood place - very relaxed and reasonably priced, with solid, flavorful food.On my last visit, I had the baba gannoush, vegetarian grape leaves and a raspberry smoothie. The baba was just right - the perfect level of garlic and tahini, neither of which overwhelmed the eggplant (yes, I could taste the eggplant! ). The warm veggie grapes leaves, filled with fluffy long grain rice, were the perfect comfort food on a chilly night (and didn't just taste like vinegar, either). Have to admit the smoothie wasn't very raspberry-ish, but it was fresh, honey-sweet, banana thickened and beautiful.I'm a sucker for cozy, red booths, which account for most of the seating. It's a family sorta place, but it's a good for a date, too. I'm also a sucker for automatic pita and pickles. The pita loaves come to you warm and whole (not quartered and bagged). Their turnips are the best I've had. Order some hummus and baba and you have substantial appetizers.Finally, I have to add that, even though I just tasted a bit of it, my husband's fried kebbeh was the best lamb I've ever had. I'm not saying it was the highest quality meat. But I usually hate lamb and I loved this! It was something about the ground meat, mixed with the spices. Can't wait to order it next time. And then, for my next trick... raw kebbeh!
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,2/6/2010,61,111,3,8,6>I visited Maggiano's for the first time today; we had a somewhat large group (12 people) and were coming from a funeral so we just needed a place for family to hang out together and enjoy a meal.  Maggiano's fit the bill just perfectly!Family-style is definitely the way to go!  Especially for a big group but I'd think for a smaller group too - that way you get to try a bunch of different kinds of food and you can have as much or as little as you want.  With the "Classic Style" you get to choose 2 appetizers, 2 salads, 2 pastas, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts, plus you automatically get unlimited DELICIOUS bread to dip in olive oil and parmesan.  The big stand-out dishes (for my tastebuds, anyway) were the calamari, pesto pasta, chicken saltimbocca, and apple crostini.  The chicken saltimbocca OHHH my GAWD it was heavenly!!  What's also nice about family style is they let you take home the leftovers, so now I get to eat awesomeness again tomorrow.The family-style also worked out nicely for our group because we needed that time to hang out and share a meal like a family.  It made it like our own little party rather than just going to a restaurant and eating individual meals.  Also it meant I didn't have to pay for my own meal, which makes it nice because it was pretty pricey!  I wouldn't go there every day, but for a special occasion I would definitely recommend it.Deducting 1 star for enforced valet parking.  Granted, it's free, and the service is good, but I would really like the option to park it myself and not have to tip the valet if it's a nice sunny day.  Especially after that huge meal, I could have used a walk through the parking lot!  That does seem pretty trivial for deducting a star . . . okay, the pork medallions were a little tough too.  4 stars.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2009,2/5/2010,139,103,6,8,6>Food at it's best tells us a story about life, culture, tradition, and history.  The Lord Fox is like Doc Brown flying up in his Delorean for a quick trip to back 100 years to an original farmhouse in the middle of nowhere between Ann Arbor and Detroit.As we nuzzled in  from the cold that night, we decided to stick with the theme, and order unique cocktails.  The manhattan was decent, and the james bond thingy went down way too smoothly. For a starter, we had the snails which had enough butter and garlic to make anything taste good.  Nice flavor with a warm crusty bread for dipping.  We also ordered the table side Caesar Salad, which was fun to watch and really quite subtle and delicious.  Finally, we ended with the Hungarian Beef Tips which perfectly matched the sub zero storm passing by.  Anyway, food was savory, well seasoned, and very satisfying.Now all is not happy in Hill Valley or Dixboro...  The Lord Fox definitely is showing it's age and is a bit rough around the edges for an expensive meal.  But for 100 dollars with tip, this was well worth the free trip in a time machine.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2009,2/4/2010,182,276,7,21,13>I have serious reservations about writing a review of this place. Recently we added a new member to our team at work, and he is a Lebanese Canadian. A few weeks back he went with us to our beloved Hamido and he confirmed that yes, we had found some of the best Lebanese food this side of the Middle East. When Moe came up to me last week to tell me that he found Chicken Shawarma that was even better than Hamido, my eyes opened up very wide. Today the lunch posse paid Tuhamas a visit. Inside a gritty storefront on Warren Ave on the easternmost edge of the Arabic district is a tiny restaurant that possibly seats 15 people. It reminds me of the Indian spots on Devon Street in Chicago that cater to an exclusively ethnic customer base, like my beloved Ghareeb Nawaz (Urdu: Food for the Poor). However, this place served up the best Chicken Shawarma sandwich I have ever tasted. Seriously. At $3.50, the sandwich was about 50% larger than the Hamido version. The meat was moist, tender and perfectly seasoned. Tuhamas cuts the meat thicker than Hamido, and combines it with Lebanese pickles and perhaps the only garlic sauce that beats Hamido in taste and freshness. The sauce was a bit heartier than the Hamido version, but what set it apart was a stronger lemony bite that made it extra savory. I also ordered a Falafel sandwich that ended up being eaten by my Daughter at dinner tonight. We also shared a hummus that was HUGE and tasty. My reservation in sharing this place with Yelpers is that it is totally undiscovered by the foodie scene. It is a Lebanese restaurant for Lebanese tastes. It even has a French Fry sandwich listed on the menu, which I have learned is a truly weird and authentically Lebanese dish. Think of this place as a Lebanese stationary taco truck and you might get the picture.Update:The Kafta sandwich is probably even better than the Chicken Shawarma, if that is possible.  They grill the kabob to order with the freshest seasoned meat, and do not overcook it.  These boys are Lebanese sandwich wizards. The are the best on Warren Avenue and that is really saying something, given the towering presence of Hamido.
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2009,2/2/2010,660,114,11,19,15>Best. Sub. Ever.I cannot adequately explain the utter deliciousness of the Italian subs at Ventimiglia's, but here goes:The bread (hard roll - $.50 more) is crusty, chewy, and perfect.  The meats - I can't name them all - are abundant, sliced to order, and wonderful.  The cheese (provolone, I think) compliments the meats perfectly.  Lettuce and tomato - fresh & flavorful.  And the crowning touch - SPICY PEPERONATA FTW! The heat of the peppers is a much needed foil to all of the meaty/cheesy richness going on.They also sell a lot of Italian groceries I've never seen anywhere else AND they make their own pasta (how cool is that?) for sale by the pound.  Cookies are also made in house - and I'm sure a number of other things.  I tried what appeared to be a piece of day old golden raisin brioche that had Nutella spread all over - oh my, what a treat! When I asked what it was - the response was "a sin," - oh well, it was worth it.Lastly, I bought a bottle of Fentiman's Soda.  An all natural, fermented drink that (I guess) is what Coke & Pepsi are modeled after.  Well, Coke & Pepsi royally effed up the recipe because Fentiman's is some great stuff.  I had the Dandelion & Burdock flavor.The staff is incredibly friendly.  This place totally rules - I wish it was closer to my house.  Oh, and they have outdoor seating so you can enjoy your sub right away instead of endangering others while you eat & drive.
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,1/31/2010,182,168,3,8,5>LOVE LOVE LOVE this place. It's a hole in the wall restaurant with quick service and soulful Vietnamese food. I haven't gotten anything I didn't like there. Probably 100 different dishes to choose from all made hot and fresh to order. The prices are very very affordable ranging from 6-10 for most items, and $13ish for a couple of seafood items. You can't go here without trying their PHO!! (Vietnamese beef and noodle soup) One big bowl is only $7.50-8 and you'll definitely have leftovers to take home. Some pho has tripe (stomach) and tendon... which i'm too scared to try but my friends love it! Their catfish (i forget the actual name, but it has a brown sauce on it) is really good and so are the fried noodle dishes (i recommend getting fried noodle with pork).Everything here is perfect for a cold wintery day, the food will definitely warm you up and keep you cozy.They are closed on Tuesdays! just fyi
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2009,1/30/2010,267,274,20,35,16>"The Notebook"....PMS....going to the Gynecologist....Shopping....Ok ladies...now that the guys have stopped reading. Lets talk. I hate hair...especially...ahem...hair "down there". And Lets face it...you don't want to just go to any random place to have hot wax spread on your most "private" of areas. Enter Tracey Mentier aka "The Wax Queen". I have had brazillian wax's all across the USA. I was a bit nervous when we moved back to Michigan as I was never really able to find a good place for a brazillian in the Detroit area. Then fate stepped in. I just happened to be reading an old Allure magazine and stumbled across a review for Tracy. The reviewer gushed about how great the wax was...I immediately called to book an appointment. Tracy was warm and welcoming the second I walked in the door. For a brazilian wax you cannot exactly be modest but Tracy does her best to keep you as covered as much as she can. Tracy is quick and super thorough...there was not a stray hair to be seen when she was finished! Who are we kidding...it is a brazilian wax so its not like it doesn't hurt...but I will say....it was definitely one of the least painful waxes that I have had.Tracy is also a master eyebrow waxer. When I was in NYC I had my brows waxed by the same woman that waxed Beyonce, Madonna, Britney Spears...etc. NEVER have my eyebrows looked as good as when I walked out of Tracy's spa room. I cannot say enough wonderful things about Tracy. I highly recommend paying her a visit. I drive about 30 minutes each way to see her and I don't regret the drive for a second!
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,1/29/2010,37,70,2,7,8>This is my kind of place!  Clean, casual, fun atmosphere, good service, and good food.  I went last night with 5 of my best friends that I've known since elementary school and we all gave it a thumbs up.  Burgers were fantastic and come in 1/3 or 1/2 lb. patties.  Loved the soft buns they were served on too.  And all salads are prepared tableside which is kind of fun.  Our server made sure to show us everything he was tossing in to be sure we liked everthing.Now it always makes me nervous when the waiter doesn't write down the orders and we even joked with him that he'd need to write it down with all of our special requests but he nailed it!  Everything was dead on!I'll for sure be back with the boyfriend who will love all the TV's and sports.
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2009,1/28/2010,13,40,2,7,6>Ann Arbor's library system is excellent. If you don't have an AADL card, you're missing out. One of the things I'm most impressed by is the relatively short wait time for popular items, even when there are hundreds of holds. I heard a rumor that the staff orders one copy of an item for every seventh hold that is placed. Quite impressive. The staff are receptive to title suggestions. You can request new titles (as well as make other suggestions) through a form on the AADL website. Many of my suggestions have appeared immediately in the catalog.Make sure to check out the Friends of the Library book sales. The Friends shop, which is located in the basement of the library, is open almost every weekend. I visited one weekend and found some popular DVDs for only $3 (and they played!) The real fun, however, is the big blowout sale that is held every summer. Prices get progressively cheaper as the sale winds down. A friend and I had a blast picking through the books on the last day. We walked away with giant sacks of books for only $1 each. Not a bad way to spend a summer afternoon.If you're interested in scoring free admission to attractions in the Detroit metro area, make sure to ask a staff member about the Museum Adventure Passes. You can "check out" a pass that is good for about two weeks and will allow you two or four free admissions (depending on the venue). You can view the list of participating institutions at: detroitadventurepass.org. It's a great deal for families!
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,1/27/2010,67,175,3,5,4>Try the Yakisoba - just darn good. It is a huge plate of fried noodles in a very flavorful sauce.  Good eats f'sho.I also really like the specialty sushi rolls.  There is one (whose name escapes me - dragon roll?  Lava roll?) with fried battered shrimp and grilled onions in a spicy sauce served over California roll.  Let the entree-level price of this one be a warning - it is a full meal by itself.  There are a few others I will be sure to review for you interested readers when I get in there to refresh my memory.  One funny quirk - the Japanese guys from local auto suppliers get green tea automatically, but gaijin like me need to ask for it. I'm not offended by this, but I am curious -- wouldn't it just be safe to assume that westerners who like Japanese food would also, by default, like some tea to wash it down with?   Just sayin'...We abandoned our previous Japanese haunt, Izakaya Sanpei, for this place.  Izakaya was getting kind of pricey, and the food here at Aji Ten is every bit as good.
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,1/26/2010,48,139,6,8,5>Target Sports is the place where I learned to shoot.  I first picked up a handgun here.  The informative and helpful staff will teach you what you need to know if you're a noob.  They'll school you on the rules, how to hold the weapon, how to operate the weapon, and how not to accidentally hurt yourself or someone else.  If you've got questions on how to improve your technique, if you're nice, I'm sure they'll help you out.  They helped me with a lot of great advice.Guns are available for rent.  If I'm not mistaken, it's one of the only--if not the only--place in Michigan where one can rent a fully automatic weapon.  Most of the rentals are semi-automatic pistols.There are concealed carry classes.  There are tactical shooting classes.  There are plenty of ways to learn how to defend oneself using a firearm at Target Sports.In the range itself, the ventilation system was improved a number of years ago.  It's a bit of a short range, but it's adequate for learning to shoot in a self-defense situation.  You'll have to buy your ammunition at Target Sports if you're going to want to use a rifle.  They just don't want anyone coming in with armor piercing rounds, you see.If you're looking for a weapon, the staff is quite knowledgeable.  They've got a great assortment of weapons.  Mostly, their inventory caters to people looking for defensive weapons rather than hunting weapons.  So, if that's what you're after, you might be better served elsewhere.  They don't do bows and arrows either.  If you're looking for work to be done on your weapon, I have had good experiences with that too.  I have always received excellent customer service at Target Sports.  I can't say enough good things about Target Sports and their staff.
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2009,1/25/2010,172,189,3,8,8>I'll start out by saying that if this place was in the Lincoln Park or Wicker park neighborhoods of  Chicago there would be a line stretching down the sidewalk.   Especially with all the buzz that Anthony Bourdain has created about street food. This location is seated inside a Indo-Pak grocery store in a very nondescript  half empty strip mall. So nondescript that the word NeeHee doesn't appear on the signage.  They specialize in an all-vegetarian menu of Indian street food.  This place is far ahead of the curve.   The quality of the food is top notch and the complexity of flavors is incredible.  We started out with a Behl which was a cold salad type dish made with puffed rice, onions, tomatoes and chutney.   The flavors were really wonderful. I ordered the # 61 Gujarati Tiffin Thali which was a dinner combination plate that featured a potato/green curry dish that was sweet spicy and savory, Basmati rice, 3 roti (loves me some roti),  and a Chloe bhature (amazing) and some kind of Dahl soup and some crazy pickled item that was very powerful.  Each item had a very complex flavor.  In fact my only complaint is that they were so complex that when i got my final item I was a bit overwhelmed by the flavor palate and couldn't finish it.  And the highlight for me was that we got some kind of fried bread that had the consistency and flavor of a New Mexican sopapilla.  Which if you have not tasted one - is a piece of heaven on earth.   The gentleman behind the counter Vrijesh was incredibly helpful and pointed me towards some dishes that didn't have dairy in them and also toned down the spiciness for my heat adverse girlfriend. I've already told a few friends that they had to try NeeHees. I never thought I'd say it, but I'm  looking forward to more trips to Farmington.
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2009,1/24/2010,45,283,,9,4>Update: Anna has recently left Identity Salon for Anna Belle Salon at 897 W. Eisenhower.  All the nice things I've said about Identity are still true, however!---------------------I was previously a client of Anna's at Salon Vertigo, but before I had a chance to write a review of her work there, she moved to Identity Salon and Spa, which seems like a win-win for all involved!Identity Salon is a little bit off the beaten downtown path - but not so far that it's not an easy walk from everything.  If you're a driver, though, you'll appreciate the free private parking - a nice change from downtown!  The space is warm and inviting, but divided up in such a way that you don't feel like you're just another head in a cape.In my experience, most of what makes or breaks a salon experience is the stylist, and Anna's top-notch, but then that hasn't changed from her previous salon.  She's cut my hair three times now, and I've been totally happy with her work each time.  She's also just a really nice person to talk to - a good characteristic in a stylist.  My fiance also goes to Anna, and has been pleased with her work.Suffice to say that as long as Anna's at Identity Salon, we'll be loyal customers!
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2010,1/22/2010,80,325,2,11,4>I've been here a couple times now, originating from a referral by my primary care physician. I've seen two of the doctors (Dr Marback and Dr Pezeshki), and I hope to start seeing a midwife if the need arises ;)I am fully satisfied with the medical care I've received. The doctors and nurses are competent and friendly, and they luckily have someone on-site to do blood draws too (instead of having to make another trip to a lab...). I've also had the unfortunate experience of having the doctor-on-call called to the ER for me and it all turned out okay. They are real tight with the hospital next door and take that responsibility seriously.Things to be aware of: If you're going for some reason other than a healthy pregnancy, brace yourself - the waiting room is full of obviously pregnant women, and you will have to wait a while. Which brings me to the second thing - be prepared to wait a while. And lastly, on your way out, be prepared to pay your co-pay. They're willing to bill you if you don't have the means on you, but they'll tack $5 on the bill immediately for the 'convenience.'
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,1/21/2010,19,109,3,6,5>i'll admit it, i make decisions on appearances. yes, sometimes i buy objects based on packaging. hey, i have to categorize constant information overload somehow. so, when strolling past naka i figured it was just a girly shop. i assumed it would probably have things i'd like. and sure, maybe good gifts. i mentally filed it in "check out when desperate for a gift or if i ever have free time and actually check out things near my house."well, sadly the latter occurred when i wanted to get my friend something that was unique, with the requirement of being small and shippable.still making silly assumptions, when i entered i immediately filed it in the "gifty, trendy shop thing" that is really out of control in chicago. well, i'm pretty stupid sometimes. (sometimes!)naka is awesome!!! there are some seriously cool things in the store. a lot of handmade things, a lot of really cool things that you won't find many other places. i got the feeling that every single item is carefully handpicked. i had so much fun trying to figure out what to get.i ended up getting a really cool handmade silver necklace... when i sent it out i got several deeee-lighted e-mails about the awesome-ness of the necklace, which is better than what i hoped for! i wanted that stinking thing for myself!!i also found a really nice wood and silver money clip for the boy, he thought it was vintage and loved it. i wanted the stinking thing for myself.great jewelry counter, cute baby things in the back, teapots, calendars and papers and other generally awesome things that you need to have.naka, i am sorry for my silly assumptions. i love you.
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,1/20/2010,794,350,14,13,6>Glow in the dark balls, now that's kinky. Unless you're talking about cosmic bowling. It's glow in the dark, black light bowling. Whiten your teeth and really glow in the dark so everyone can see you.I went here for a birthday party. We cosmic bowled, it was a blast. Obviously you're not going here and reporting your scores to the PBA.All fun and joking aside this bowling alley is like the best alley around in Michigan and many other states. It boasts as the second largest in the country with a total of 90 lanes. It's so big(How big is it?) that you need a golf cart to get from one end to the other. This bowling alley is clean for as large as it is. The staff is very friendly. Great pro shop. They even sponsor many PBA tournaments here. This is also home to the old TV show Bowling for Dollars. This is one of the many and my favorite bowling alleys that I used to go to all the time when I lived in the area. This was a great date place. If she was good at bowling, then you set up a second date.
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2009,1/19/2010,39,79,,7,3>This salon is fabulous!! I do not have a good track record with getting my hair and makeup done by strangers, but these stylists are outstanding and I have never been happier! I came to Maalouf on Saturday with a bridal party. We were scheduled with a number of stylists (Jewells, Toni, Scotty and Johnny) and Leslie and Nancy did our makeup. ALL of us were thrilled with the outcomes. Here's a little breakdown of the services we got... Hair: Two girls got up dos, two got half up styles and two of us had our hair done down, and they all turned out great. I had Toni and would go back in a second. I have long hair and some bangs that I'm trying to grow out and she blended the bangs in perfectly. I pretty much let her do whatever she thought would look best, but said I wanted to keep it down and wanted to keep the length (so basically I didn't want a head of tight curls). She make my hair beautiful, full and wavy and I wish I could have her do my hair everyday!! Makeup: The group was split between Nancy and Leslie, but there were other makeup artists there as well working on clients and all of their makeup looked great. My skin had just broken out a bit (of course), but Nancy had my skin looking perfect. I asked for a smoky, dramatic eye with a nude lip and that's exactly what I got. I loved the colors she chose (they sell their makeup there, but it's a tad pricey) and for the first time ever my under eye circles didn't come out looking grey. My makeup stayed on all afternoon and night. I have never been so happy with a makeup application, as was everyone. The only thing we had to touch up was our lips. Each of the girls wanted something different with our makeup and Nancy and Leslie delivered for each of us. I will be going back to Maalouf ASAP!
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,1/18/2010,53,254,3,5,4>Not that they need it - but here's more love for VoM:I've had subscription services at every comic book store in A2 and Ypsi over the years, and VoM is far and away the best.  It took them all of 3 weeks to learn my name and after over a year of coming there every Wednesday, I've never missed an issue and never get unsolicited books on my pull list.  'nuff said.They're also great for novices.  I had a friend who got into non-superhero indie stuff a few years back, and while she's scoured the country, she still has yet to find a store with the selection and recommendations that she encountered at VoM.  High praise indeed.My favorite part - they are right on Main Street downtown.  If you live close, its super convenient.  If not, what a great excuse to get off your butt and go have a drink somewhere cool after you pick up your books. Excelsior!
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,1/17/2010,58,63,4,8,6>Ah... my first review of a restaurant... actually a turo-turo store (meaning take out only)... that makes my native cuisine.  I was born in the Philippines, raised in Wisconsin for my first 18 years and returned to the RP for medical school.  All the while, I have eaten Filipino food (or Pilipino Pood por you Pil-ams!).  While my palate appreciates all types of cuisine, my soul craves Filipino food - so much so that I usually refer to it simply as "food" but for the purposes of clarity in this review I'll still add "Filipino" to it.  You may ask, "What exactly is Filipino food?"  The easy answer is that it is a conglomeration of Malay, Chinese, and Spanish using ingredients native to the islands, but this is wholly inadequate an answer.  The reality is, with over 7000 islands in the Repubilic of the Philippines, you have just as many regional variations of cuisine.Lutong Pinoy does a fantastic job of creating the authentic "hit parade" of Filipino classics, such as adobo, bistek, tapsilog, sinigang, and kare-kare while also having the balls to create some of the more esoteric dishes like diniguan, bopis, ginitaan laing, and pinakbet.  Occasionally they actually have balut (I will dispense with actual descriptions of these dishes so as not to scare the non-Pinoy readers)!   They even have the sweet spaghetti with hot dogs - yes, I realize that seems like sacrilege, but that is what the spaghetti is like in the Philippines.  The incarnation was borne of the Filipinos' liking for contrasting flavors in meals i.e. sweet/hot/sour/salty all in one shot.  Besides, hot dogs are cheap - this is also the reason that SPAM and canned corned beef is popular in the RP... yes, I love SPAM (don't judge me!).   As with all my favorite restaurants, they do not try to Americanize anything - it is made by Pinoys, for Pinoys - if others like it, it's the icing on the cake, or should I say, the salted egg on the bibingka.  Quite literally, every dish I have ever ordered there has brought me memories of home.  (My mom and dad, of course, still make the best Filipino food around, though I do OK).The only reason I have not given 5 stars is because, as stated before, it's take out only.  I hate the wait associated with the 15 minute drive home before I can dig into the food.  It's just so good, I want to scarf it down as soon as it's dished up.  There are other Filipino restaurants in the area... Lutong Pinoy is the best among them.
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2009,1/16/2010,9,26,6,13,12>I know it's very trendy now to rate "ethnic" restaurants on whether the menu has been Americanized, whether or not the restaurant claims to be "authentic." I find this trend disturbing on many levels, not the least of which is the apparent disregard for the restaurant owner's business plan, and a lack of knowledge of what it takes to run a profitable restaurant.The desire for "authentic" ethnic cuisine is a fairly recent trend in the U.S., fed in large part by cooking and travel TV. Thankfully, the owner of Shangri-La is hitting that trend at a good time with its Dim Sum menu. In fact, even though I am familiar with reasonably authentic Dim Sum (as experienced in Honolulu's China Town), I found this menu sometimes pressed a little outside of my comfort zone.For instance, when ordering deep-fried battered shrimp, I am unaccustomed to seeing their eyes and legs underneath the batter, and biting into the shell. Personally, I would have preferred that a little more prep work be done up front. However, I have to acknowledge that the taste was outstanding and the shell was not too troublesome. It was the eyes that got me. The problem was me, not the food.The other outstanding menu item for me was the egg tart, served hot from the oven or steamer. The filling was soft and eggy, not at all rubbery, the tart shell flaky and tender. Other Dim Sum pastries were equally well done, combining sweet and savory tastes with a yeast dough that reminded me of brioche.It's true that the regular meal menu features less "authentic" offerings, and I think it was smart of the owner to do this. Meals range from the tame to the adventurous, giving the staff more opportunities to please, and the restaurant more opportunities to survive.I am grateful for a couple of things. Mainly, I'm grateful that the closest Dim Sum is no longer Wah Court in Windsor. I love Wah Court, but trekking back and forth across the border can be a little tiresome. (The owner of Shangri-La, BTW, has his business roots in Windsor's venerable Asian restaurant scene, having trained people who eventually went to that city's Wah Court and Lucky Kitchen.)I'm also glad this little gem wasn't around when I was attending Wayne State. My diet surely would have gone off the rails at a much earlier age.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2009,1/15/2010,40,168,2,6,4>After slowly roaming the bar scene in Ferndale, I have decided that this is my kind of bar.  As Liz H said, it is the third bar for the owners, who also own the Emory and the WAB.  I would like the Emory the best if the service was any good, and I would like Loving Touch the best if I didn't have to stand up at the bar waiting for drinks (no wait service).  Although it's really a toss up, Loving Touch wins because of the pool tables.They have roughly 6 beautiful pool tables, and as someone else said, it's $1.25/game.  Not bad.  The space is really dark, and I like all of the woodwork.  The atrium area with the tree trunk stump and live plants on the walls is a nice sitting area for a group.  Like I said before, they don't have wait staff, so you need to go up to the bar for your drinks.  On a slow night it's no big deal, but when they're busy it's a huge hassle and wait.  But they will keep a tab open for you.  They have probably 8 or so beers on tap, including Sierra Nevada (only one I can remember!).  Unlike the WAB and Emory, there is no food here people.... just booze!  And I don't know if they have any drink or happy hour specials-- didn't see any table tents or signs about it, so I'm assuming not.  Overall, chill, fun environment.  It's true, the acoustics suck, just like the rest of their bars.  But the jukebox has some pretty good music, and although they blast it way too loud (don't expect to be able to hear anyone!) at least it's decent music.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2009,1/14/2010,39,100,2,10,11>First off, I loved the location. Right across from a few thrift shops, hidden behind an abandoned school, this theater was one of the most unique spots I've ever seen a flick. Once inside, you can travel up two flights of stairs to get to the theater space, or go downstairs to the cavernous path to the men's room. Here, you'll find a pool table across from the urinals, and it's not just for looks; they encourage bathroom pool playing.The snack area was well-stocked and the popcorn was real movie theater popcorn. Once inside, the seats are comfortable, albeit not exceptionally comfortable, but the screen is a decent size. The sound and picture were excellent, and while the film that I viewed was played from a DVD, I was told that film prints are more typical for this theater.I'm looking forward to my next trip here, and I'm very inspired by the entrepreneurial spirit that went into creating this place. It takes a lot of effort to get something like this off of the ground, and I have to give credit to the people who started it for a job well done. I strongly encourage people to support this new and very cool business, I know I'll be back sooner than later.
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,1/13/2010,134,652,3,5,4>I've tried lot of Thai food in my life, when my office moved from Canton to Plymouth, we all looked for a new Thai place close to the office.  Eventually word spread at the office about this place and we always used to say, our company should just buy the place :)I used to go here almost 3x a week, but I had to cut back due to work... kept me away from the place.  I now go maybe once a month, every time I go, their food taste always the same!!Start with Crab Wonton!  Excellent!  I have my favorites, but I believe I have tried everything on the menu (minus dinner options).  They have different soup everyday, even on weekends.  Mon=Tomyum, Tue=vege egg drop, wed=rice/noodle soup, thur=spicy veg soup, Fri=veg egg drop.Service is great - Mary is my favorite, but lately she's been working behind the counter :(  I always get the large soup, but with new staff members, they always bring be medium size.Highly recommended!
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,1/12/2010,69,416,3,5,5>Once upon a time, a fellow from Naples opened a restaurant in New Haven Connecticut. His name was Frank Pepe. He built a restaurant with a huge coal fired brick oven and Pizza was born in the United States. Pepe's gets rated as one of, if not the top Pizza restaurants every year and has been on top for at least 25 years that I know of. When I lived near New Haven Connecticut I visited Pepe's and the other restaurants on the same street. They are all owned by the same family; descendants of Frank Pepe. The restaurants are Pepe's, Sally's and the Spot. A few years ago a young fellow graduated form the best cooking school in the US. That school was the Culinary Institute outside of New York City. Michael, the owner of Tomatoes Apizza first went to work for some of the finest restaurants in the US and abroad. But he wanted to do something spectacular. So he went underground and asked each of the Wooster Street New Haven Pizza places for a job. Sally's agreed. And Michael learned his fine craft from the master pizza makers; the best anywhere. New Haven Pizza is different. The pies are not perfectly round and the crust is thin and perfectly textured. It is crisp on the bottom and chewy on top. It has carbon spots where the crust has made direct contact with the oven floor. The toppings are not piled on but beautifully displayed on the surface. And everything is real. The crust is real, the sauce; when use is real. The cheese is real. In New Haven, it is scamozza which is a variation of mozzarella. The sausages are cooked before they go on the pie and sliced thin. So when the pizza cooks the sausages do not exude greasy fat on the surface. At Pepe's and the others they have red pies (no cheese), white pies, no tomato sauce and classic pies that have both sauce and cheese. Tomatoes Apizza (pronounced "abbeetz") is as close to New Haven Pizza as I have ever had. I visited Michael's first store on Halstead road when it first opened. I had heard form other foodies that a New Haven style pizza place had opened in Farmington Hills and I immediately went and ordered a white pizza. OMG. It was heaven! I couldn't believe that a place as great as this could open in a tiny almost unnoticeable strip mall. Wow! This was the real thing. Then Michael expanded to the bigger location at 14 and Middlebelt. Eventually he added a coal fired oven and has been turning out the finest pies imaginable. They are a few things and aren't a few things. They aren't cheap. They are delicious. They aren't round. They are gorgeous. They aren't made anything like Pizza Hut or the chains. They are the best thing you can ever imagine putting in your mouth. So go in and ask to say hello to Michael. Try a nice white pizza with sausage. It will come with beautiful fresh basil and garlic. Or get a classic pepperoni pizza, or maybe a mushroom and onion pie, or......
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2009,1/11/2010,107,357,4,7,4>My parents would always come here when my brother and I stayed with friends... now I understand why... they didn't want to share!Jake and I came here on Sunday for ribs. Their prices are almost too low. A rack of ribs for 2 comes with a HUGE rack of ribs, two soup/salad/or coleslaws, 2 orders of potatoes and two pieces of Texas toast, all for only $18.99. With two waters and an upcharge for their French onion soup ($1.69) our bill was only about $22 before the tip. The ribs were a little dry, not as 'come off the bone' as I like, but they were MEATY and still tasted really good, just needed extra bbq sauce. The service was GREAT. The waiter checked on us often and treated us like we were regulars. I'll definitely go back to try their BBQ chicken! Or maybe just to have their delicious ribs again?
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2009,1/9/2010,60,86,3,6,4>This place is great. I didn't even know it was there until some friends and I were out on a bike ride and we decided to get dinner there. They were already fans.I'll tell you right now, I don't know anything about authentic Chinese food, besides the 'dirty tofu' I've seen Andrew Zimmerman eat. What I do know is that places like Peking House serve an Americanized version of Chinese food, complete with sugary sweet sauces and battered and fried meats.When we walked in, I was right away reminded of a place in Marysville that my family used to go to once in awhile. Both are sit-down restaurants with nice things on the walls, booths, and impeccable service. Growing up, I thought all Chinese restaurants were like that and everything was served from a lazy susan in the middle of the table. Now I see most Chinese restaurants as takeout joints that all have the same faux-granite formica on the counter-top where you place your order; the same menu with numbered lunch combos; and enough MSG to make your ears go numb.I don't know, is there a term for this kind of service? You order a dish, and when it's served the server brings a large covered plate with a pile of food on it. They also bring a big platter of white rice for the whole table and then serve your first portion to you.One friend had the sesame chicken, which I tried. I've learned my lesson in the past, it's almost always fried for too long and the chicken gets tough. That was the case at Peking House, unfortunately. I had the sweet and sour pork and it was fantastic. I know it's not authentic, but I love when there's lots of batter on the chunks of pork. My other friend got the Lo Mein and it was pretty amazing, too.The portions are enormous. Fried food soaked in sweet and sour sauce doesn't re-heat very well, but if it did, I could've stretched that plate of food to three meals total.If you want a good American-style Chinese food experience in a sit-down restaurant, I recommend Peking House.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,1/6/2010,16,53,5,8,4>Today must have been my lucky day! We had a luncheon at work and WOW! what a surprise-it was good stuff!Unlike the usual pizza and salad, we were treated to catered Burrito Mundo. Wait! Burrito Whato? Was this the eastside version of Chitipole or Rio Wraps? Those were my initial thoughts. Then I saw the spread . . .The Chicken Fajita Ensalada was super fresh and tasty. I doubted the southwest ranch dressing, but I'm a convert now. I followed the salad with an Asado taco. Loaded with roasted peppers and tender steak, this was the best neuvo-mexican (I made that one up) taco I've had. It was, however, a tad dry. Maybe that's what all the salsa, guacamole, and sour cream was for. Oh well, moving on.I decided to try everything on the table, so naturally I moved next to their signature item-the burrito. I went with half of a Fiesta Fajita Burrito with beef. Sofrito rice, pinto beans, red bell and poblano peppers blanketed in with spiced ground beef-so good. In fact, so good I ate the other half. Barely able to stand, I return to our personal buffet and assess the remaining selections. There it is! Tres Quesos-the three cheese quesadilla-that icon of mexican food for kids worldwide! (Bright lights, angels singing, minions falling to their knees.)What can I say? It was very good. The tortilla was crispy and flaky while at the same time softened from the oils in the cheeses. Which, by the way, was portioned just right. Flowing out and full yet not not too much. Huge too. Just the way a parent, err kid, likes them.Finally the salsa and chips. The salsa was better than supermarket, but not as interesting as say, Armando's. This is a different kind of place, and this meal was catered. I don't know how the store version would compare.That said, I would expect the salsa to have been made the day before, letting the flavors really meld. Not so much. The cilantro was front and center, but there was only a hint of garlic and chilies. The chips tasted bagged. Again, this was catered. Not sure I would have been frying chips fresh at 9 AM. That's just me.Overall my belly was very happy. Bravo Burrito Mundo!
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2009,1/5/2010,71,149,5,10,9>Try to find a better Italian Market in Dearborn...FORGET ABOUT IT!  Alcamo's is probably one of THE best Italian markets in Michigan! My new man wanted to make me a special birthday dinner, so we swung by Alcamo's because I love Italian food. I couldn't have been more pleased by the selection of authentic Italian products, and the imported meats, cheeses, olives, and breads. They have the best cannolis too. With all this good cooking there will probably be more of me to love!
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2009,1/4/2010,72,204,3,12,4>I'd been going to my dentist for the past couple of years... it was, you know, one of those dentist offices that make you feel like a puppy in a puppy-mill.  A chain (message me if you want to avoid them) that would always cancel your approintments the week of, offering you an appointment you couldn't make or an appointment 5 months off.  And everytime you'd go, different dentist.  Nice.So, when I changed jobs, my wife and I looked for a new dentist.  Little researcher that she is, she found Dr. Choi at Choice Dental, which is on South Main just across from the stadium in that office building with the parking underneath.  Not only is the office pleasant and the staff very friendly and competant, but the service is just outstanding.  Everytime I'd turn around, he'd have something new and techy, from the tiny camera he used to take pics of my teeth so I could see what was going on to the program he used to show my how my teeth were going to move.  Better yet, when I went for my cleaning, the DENTIST did the whole cleaning.  Not a 2 minute consult.  The WHOLE cleaning.Long story short, this dentist will make you feel like you're back in time, with a dentist who's good at what he does and actually gives a damn about you.  Old school.I asked, and they take pretty much all types of insurance (Delta, BCBS, United Concordia, Guardian, MetLife, Dentamax, AETNA and Cigna).  You can also e-mail them at info@choicesmile.com.And... they ARE taking patients.  :)
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2009,1/3/2010,28,93,,7,5>I had a really good lunch at Jaws.  To start with, the staff was super friendly.  As soon as I walked up to the counter, a woman asked if it was my first time here.  When I said yes, she took me through the whole menu and just gave me a general overview of their food.  During this time I also saw someone pick up carry-out, and a Jaws employee actually carried the food out to the person's car for them.  Nice!The restaurant itself is very heavily shark-themed, and there's a lot of shark stuff there.  Of course there are a bunch of movie posters, but there's also a cool fish tank in the corner with "shark fish" - some kind of fish that kind of resemble sharks.So now, my food:Burger - good, with really fresh, flavorful beef.  The condiments and toppings weren't used overwhelmingly, which really helped the flavor of the beef come through.Fries - very fresh, like they had just come out of the fryer.  They were in the fryer for the perfect length of time too - crispy on the outside, very soft on the inside.Lemonade - apparently they make this fresh-squeezed lemonade in-house.  It was good, not too sweet or too sour.Overall, definitely a good experience with friendly staff and great food.  I'll be coming back.
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,1/2/2010,125,326,8,16,10>A night at the Redford Theatre is nothing like your usual movie-going experience.  I know that "back" in the day movies were shown in movie palaces on stages, not like todays modern movie theatres.  The Redford has been my only exposure to that sort of environment.  A couple of years ago, my husband was flipping through the weekend section of the newspaper and saw that this Redford Theatre was going to be showing classic horror flicks - and there is nothing he loves more than classic horror flicks.  And so we made our first of many trips to the Redford.  It is true, this theatre is not in the nicest area in the world, directions from most online map services suck, and you have to get there EARLY to get a parking spot in the two adjacent lots.  But the Redford is worth the trouble of getting there!The annual events that I am aware of are the two weekends of Halloween fun, two weekends of classic Christmas movies and the 3 Stooges Festival twice a year.  They are all worth checking out.  Halloween can be a riot because half of the crowd shows up in costume, Christmas shows are nice because they set up a nice Christmas display up in the orchestra pit, and the 3 Stooges... well, it's the 3 Stooges!Tickets are sold in a booth on the front of the building, so if the weather is frightful, you might want to be prepared to have to stand in the elements if there is a long line!  Tickets are super-reasonably priced, usually only $4 unless it is a special event.  Once you walk inside, there are always 50/50 tickets being sold, theatre swag you can buy, and sometimes a little stand selling old records and things of that nature.  In the lobby you will usually encounter two pretty long lines of people waiting to get that super cheap popcorn with real butter, candy and pop.  I will admit that the pop is kind of gross, but usually I am thirsty and drink it anyway.  The cost is not bad at all, and I know that all of their profits go into restoring and maintaining the theatre.  How's a little flat pop going to ruin my evening? lol  Besides, I appreciate the effort of all these volunteers to help everyone have a great evening.You can either choose to go down on the main floor, or as we usually choose, go up to the balcony.  In the theatre itself, you are greeted by the organ mini-concert while you take in the beauty of the restoration, the star-studded "sky", and people watch... that is usually my favorite part. :)  There is usually someone who introduces the movies and draws 50/50 at intermission.  The movie quality is quite good, and the crowd is usually very into the show.  Seats are comfortable enough that I was able to fall asleep in them once.  (Oops!)  My dad likes to go up and check out the projection room during intermission - he is convinced it is haunted.  They are very nice in allowing him to poke his nose around :)The website is pretty helpful as well.  Apparently you can suggest a movie, rent the facility, buy advance tickets at a group discount (although I would suggest not taking a group discount as the prices are so cheap and go towards a good cause), and just check out general history and show schedules months in advance.Last but not least is my new favorite thing- the bathroom review.  The bathrooms are totally old school, but not gross.  It is exactly what I would expect in this sort of historical building- I am just grateful that there are a number of stalls and rarely much of a line.
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2009,1/1/2010,30,103,3,5,4>We had dinner here recently and it compelled me to up my review by 1 star because the food was amazing!  There is literally something for everyone on the menu.  From salad to entree to my glass of wine - I loved it all.  I had this pasta and seafood dish - can't remember what it is called, but it really hit the spot!  I had a Michigan salad - I love Michigan salads - sooooooooo gooooooooooood!   Unfortunately, I can't give them 5 stars because of location - that abandoned steel mill is still across the street.  (Now, I know they don't have any control over that, but it just takes something away from the dining experience when you walk out the door and BAM! there it is.)  However, the food deserves 5 stars!
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2009,12/31/2009,37,131,5,8,5>Did you know that Michigan has more Christmas tree farms than 47 of the states in this nation?Support the local economy, the environment, and your own fun old-fashioned Griswold family Christmas, by getting a real tree from a nearby farm!  Braun's worked great for us. Parking here is a bit haphazard, and possibly life-endangering.  Picture a small dirt road, with cars of all types parallel parked, half on the road and half in the ditch, all the way up and down both sides of the road.  There's only room for one car to squeeze through at a time.  Now throw in small children, dogs, tense mothers, folks hauling large fir trees on their shoulders, and rolls of twine being tossed back and forth over the roofs of cars.  Move with caution, please!When we got out of the car, we were greeted immediately by a tentative teenager in a neon orange vest.  We described what we were looking for: We live in a smallish apartment, we don't have a TON of ornaments, and neither of us is particularly tall, so we were looking for something more like a Christmas bush....something like......"THAT ONE!"  It was waiting for us, right smack in the front of the pre-cut section.  Of course, we had to look around a little bit to be sure that it was the MOST perfect tree.  Most of the pre-cuts available were 7-10 ft. tall, and we weren't quite up for tromping out in the fields to cut down our own (though maybe someday we'll subject our hypothetical children to this holiday tradition--the families we saw seemed to be having a great time, and leashed dogs are welcome to join in the adventure!) so we nabbed our perfect pre-cut. (As an aside, I'm a bit amazed that in today's litigious society, it's even feasible for a business to hand out saws to unknown folks and send them out into the woods with children and dogs.  Let's do our part to keep this safe, legal, and reasonable: head out to Braun's, or any tree farm, to ensure that the sane folks will always vastly outnumber the Christmas fruitcakes!)Even though we didn't cut our own, I think we were better off getting our pre-cut tree from a farm, because it was cut, at most, a couple of days ago, not a couple of weeks ago for shipment to a lot. Prices seemed comparable to what I've seen and paid elsewhere (we paid $48 for a 6 ft pre-cut tree).  Prices per foot are listed on the website (deal alert: ALL white pines are $25 per tree).  Watching them prepare your tree is part of the fun: first, they stick it on a machine that shakes it vigorously, to get all loose needles off.  Then they pop it through a twine baler, and hand you a neatly bundled, easy-to-carry tree that looks like a closed umbrella. The kids working there are friendly and helpful--one reminded us to put it on the car with the trunk facing forward, so the wind wouldn't catch the branches the wrong way. I don't have much to compare this place to, but it worked great for us.  Just look out for the small handful of enraged christmas crazies ("Do you have some clippers I can use?" "Let me check" "THE ANSWER IS YES OR NO!"), be extra nice to the hardworking kids, to make up for the crazies, and have yourself a merry little Christmas now.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,12/30/2009,47,104,4,13,3>So I have lived near Casey's for nearly 4 years now and have always wondered about it when I drive past. Well last night the wife and I decided to go in and check it out. We knew there was a Japanese sushi place next door, (or so it would appear from the outside) but when we walked in and sat we realized it was part of the bar! Outstanding, and strange, I thought. I immediately reached for the beer menu and was shocked. They have like 15 Michigan micro brews on tap! Things like double hearted, final absolution, oberon, and many selections from Michigan Brewing Co. Here's the best part, this was a Wednesday, so the special was $2 micro brews or $1 domestic garbage like miller. I order my beer and start flipping through the food menu. I couldn't decide between the fish & chips and the iron horse burger (1/2 lbs, aged cheddar, bbq sauce, applewood bacon). I know they have all you can eat Friday night fish fry so I decided to go with the fish so i could sample what I could be in for this Friday. My wife ordered the ultimate mac & cheese. Let me break in my story here to mention that there is a sushi place at 9 mile & Woodward that has these tempura fried california rolls that are the greatest things I've ever tasted. So, when we saw these same things on the sushi menu at Casey's for $6, exactly half of the place on Woodward charges, we HAD to try them. Ok, so the run down on the food. My fish & chips were awesome! Unlike other places around here, like ones that are on Walled Lake near the public beach that "pride" themselves on their fish & chips but serve them in a puddle of grease, these were perfectly drained, crisp, firm, delicious. My wife didn't care for her mac n cheese but in Casey's defense, she doesn't eat bacon and ordered it without. It was ok though, you know why? Those tempura california rolls were seriously the best tasting sushi roll I have ever tasted in my life! Seriously, half the price of the other place and double the deliciousness. They were so terrific we ordered another order of them. I'm about to used a played out ad campaign but only because it works so well here. Microbrew on Wednesday, $2. Fish & Chips, $11. Finding out that a local Irish bar and grill is the best sushi place around.... you know how this ends. As far as the service goes, remarkable. Our waitress was very attentive, knew the menu very well, and actually told us to come back on Friday because that's when she works. You know what? I will! As for the smoke, to be polite, it's a bar. I smelled smoke, heard F bombs every 10 seconds, saw scantily clad young women prancing around; but you know what? It's a bar, and it's exactly what I expect, not for the whole world to change for me. No one is THAT important. Come for the food, especially the sushi, sports on the TV's, the scantily clad women...wait what? Yeah anyways, this place is awesome, and probably my new dive.
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2009,12/29/2009,56,141,2,6,5>I love this little store!  It is one of my favorite places to shop in Ann Arbor -- for me, for gifts, for whatever.  Two years in a row now I have spent my birthday money in here -- it's not hard to do! I've bought jewelry, beautiful sweaters, baggu bags, a purse or two, a scarf, unique cards...the list goes on.  There are certainly pricey things in here (there is currently a beautiful pair of green boots that I would die for!) but also lower-priced items for someone on a budget.  The two small-ish rooms are stylishly packed with lots of goodies to look at -- I can easily spend 45 minutes browsing around and never get bored!Get on Vicky's mailing list -- she is really great at emailing out the latest items she has purchased for the store, and also occasionally offers Baggu giveaways for those people who write on her blog! Very fun.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2009,12/28/2009,47,100,3,6,3>My hubby and I would drive by this place and would always mention how we needed to eat here so finally one night we pulled in.  The restaurant is very cozy so I was glad to see that there was a table open for two.The sushi roll menu is pretty long so it took us a while to figure out which rolls we were going to get.  They give you a little cucumber salad for free which I thought was cute!  We ordered a roll that had fried calamari in it which I've never seen in a roll before, it was really tender!  The thing that threw us both off is that the rolls were half the size as other sushi places so instead of 12 pieces for a bigger roll you only get 6 which the price reflects but then again that means you can order more rolls!  Another thing that was weird, in a good way, was that all the customers in the restaurant were laughing and smiling!  So maybe there's some secret mojo flying around in this restaurant?!  Enjoy!
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2009,12/27/2009,132,325,6,7,9>Thank you yeplers!as i've said my partner and i recently bought a house in ferndale.  we really love breakfast on sunday.  as i was going through yelp.com i saw that this place had really good reviews from everyone and it's just right around the corner.well, we walked in and "edge of seventeen" was playing on the radio and i immediatley loved the place.  stevie nicks' witchy ways can easily do that to me. the place is small and cute and the waitress and i talked about yelp and how i found the restaurant there.  the waitresses were soooooo nice.  i have this bad waitress karma (maybe because i was a disgruntled waitress/waiter for 7 yrs).  when i get a nice one who likes feeding people and talking i just am so happy.the pumpkin muffin/tiny loaf was so good.  i have this addiction to pumpkin flavored things.  i wanted to touch myself after.the breafast was really good and even my super picky, yet beautiful sister loved hers.also it was sunday around 10am and the place was nowhere near as busy as the fly trap or toast.  i love those restaurants, but sometimes you don't want to wait 45 minutes for a table when you have a hangover from saturday gin and tonics.anyway, i recommend highly this place and say thank you again yelpers.  love, juston
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,12/26/2009,40,84,7,9,7>I tend to believe that I'm a Coney Island connoisseur. When you've lived in Michigan, often times on an insanely tight budget, as long as I have, you tend to drift to these restaurants when you're hungry and you don't have a lot of money to spend. And as a high schooler in the Plymouth Canton area, Plato's was my salvation at any and every hour of the day. As the late twentysomething still living in the area, it's my omelet place of choice when we stop for breakfast. If Coney Islands can look more upscale, Plato's is one of them that fall into that category. It's very tastefully decorated with lots of artsy light fixtures, murals painted on the walls and big cushy booths flanked by tiny two seat box booths. There are only a handful of four top tables. The food is always well prepared. I've never really had terrible service and the staff is always friendly. Like most family restaurants and Coney Islands in Michigan, there's huge portions, lots of Greek options on the menu and some sort of item from almost any of the major Gastronomic specialties.   When I go, I get the Gyro Omelet, but as a younger man, I often enjoyed their grilled veggie pita with homemade cucumber sauce. To offset the terrible benefits of eating healthy, I'd wash it down with a heavy helping of cheese fries to immediately re-clog my arteries. Great coffee that is always on. Your cup will almost never go empty. Prices are very good. You'll make it out of this fine Coney place for under 10 bucks a person. Other items I'll swear by include the Lamb Gyros (you can see them slicing off the rotisserie), their chili, any of the salads and their Farmer's Omelet. Great place tucked away in a large strip mall. TIP: Sunday mornings get VERY busy. The church crowd loves this place for a breakfast fix. Get there early if you even want to think about getting a spot or go for a brunch instead.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,12/25/2009,15,82,4,4,4>As Christine R. said, the cupcake craze has hit the city, and we've found the spot to get 'em! The bakery doesn't look like much, from the inside or out, but let me tell you about the smells! I am already a Pavlovian addict to this place! Arguably, most bakeries smell great, but there is something in the air when you find somewhere that is special. It's got that Grandma's-kitchen-rich-vanilla-deep-baked-in-smell that makes you salivate instantly and relaxes you instantly. I was sold on first sniff. Then we "taste tested" the owner's favorite cupcake: Rocky Road. Amazing. I am at a loss for words. Again, I will have to reference Christine's review. The cake was tender and perfect. Each cupcake, it turns out, has different qualities about it that are wonderful and unique. The cake on the RR, was soft and light to balance out the rich, delicious toppings. The strawberry was dense and actually heavy, but so incredible. The frosting was, as best as I can guess, homemade whipped cream impregnated with fresh strawberries and vanilla. It was hardly sweetened and the clean, fresh flavor of each ingredient was so easily identified. I think that it goes without saying that I love this place :) We are definitely going to be frequent fliers here. The best part, was upon talking about other cupcakeries (yes, I just coined that term:)), the owner never once said anything bad about other places until Christine offered her critique. He was very diplomatic and professional, and I really appreciated that. I would recommend this place to everyone and anyone. It is AWESOME. I warned them we'd be back, maybe we can get them to start a "repeat offender" club....yum!
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2009,12/24/2009,99,529,1,4,3>I blindly picked Accent Eyecare from a list provided by my insurance company...and I couldn't have been happier!I was welcomed warmly and directed to a nice waiting room to fill out my new patient paperwork. I really liked the waiting room, as it was separated from the entrance area and had very comfortable leather chairs! I barely had time to finish my paperwork before I was called back. Dr. Leung was very nice and easy to talk to and I immediately felt at ease. The exam went very smoothly and quickly, and the doc was very gentle when putting eye drops in (for a test) and very understanding when I couldn't help but blinking when he was sticking a pen-like device close to my eye to measure [something]. He explained everything he was doing as he was doing it and answered all of my questions.The front desk staff was wonderful as well, and took quite a bit of time helping me pick out frames and explaining different options for my glasses purchase. I would highly recommend this office to anyone!
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2009,12/22/2009,29,57,,6,5>I can't say enough about how nice it is to have someplace new in town, and I hope Jolly Pumpkin is here to stay a long while.  I've been twice now and a few things jump out that I'd like to share:Diabolical IPA is the bombThey did a really nice job with the interior-funky utensil chandeliers, two levels...The menu is affordable and contains many vegetarian friendly options--way more than most places in Ann Arbor.  I had one of the pizzas and it was quite tasty.I love Arbor Brewing Company but am glad to have a new watering hole to visit.
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,12/21/2009,44,77,8,10,4>I thought I would give yoga another try since I keep hurting my back doing aerobics.  While sitting in my doctor's office (because of my back), I picked up a copy of Hour Detroit to read to pass the time.  I came across an article about a new yoga studio in downtown Plymouth.  This was the first listing in Hour Detroit for something I could actually afford to do!  A friend of mine and I grabbed our yoga mats and were off to check this place out.  We had both been to yoga studios in the past and found a lot of uppity yoga instructors and uppity clientele.  The Plymouth Yoga Room was like nothing that we had ever experienced from yoga classes offered at the gym.  This place is great!  The yoga room itself is painted a dark purple, wood floor,  and no overhead lighting.  The room is dimly lit and kept pretty warm.  They have changing rooms and a shower as well.The studio offers a few different classes.  There is a slow flow class, an Ashtanga class, and a Vinyasa class.  As for right now, the slow flow class is my favorite because I am still new to this, and my back pain is gone! Bring a towel and prepare to sweat.  I have been to all of the instructors and they are all fantastic.  They always offer to talk after class if you have any questions or comments.After paying $15 a session for all of July, I gave in a bought a month unlimited for $129 because I'm addicted! Just don't drive behind me on the freeway after class because I'm so relaxed and calm I forget that the speed limit is 70~ until some old lady gave me the finger.If you are looking to try out a new yoga studio, or if you are new to yoga, check it out!The Plymouth Yoga Room also has child care available for all class times.
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,12/20/2009,252,310,6,9,8>My girlfriend and I came here for an intimate birthday dinner for me and what a wonderful meal it was! We are saving the group version of the dinner for next weekend at a cheaper restaurant - but this place was a little more fit for just the two of us! They only seat people until 11PM and close the kitchen soon after - and given that we arrived for a 10:30 reservation - we already had our options scanned and picked (thanks to looking at the menu on my iPhone).The hostess was very kind and professional - she was gorgeous, too - which was a plus (more so to me than my girlfriend). My waiter gave me solid input on the items that I may like to order and coincidentally - him and I had similar taste. Given that my girlfriend and I wanted to eat a lighter fare as we were going out later that night - we ordered 3 appetizers and a side dish.3 appetizers:Crispy Chicken Livers over Soft Polenta and Mushrooms,Beef Cheek Pierogies over Horseradish and Mushrooms,and Roasted Marrow w/Sea Salt, Oregano, Capers and ChiliesSide Dish:Mac & Cheese w/ Goat CheeseThe crispy chicken livers gave me a newfound respect for livers - as the way it's prepared really offsets the irony, livery taste that livers can have. So it was very good - though not my favorite - I am doubtful to ordering it again. But it was definitely worth that one try. I give it 3-stars out of the 5.The Beef Cheek Pierogies were simply AWESOME. I don't know what it is about the cow's cheek but the tender beef slices in this perfectly cooked pierogies just hit the spot dead on. My only complaint is the fancy schmancy portions - because I could have ate 3-4 of these pierogies - but the appetizers comes with 2 of them! They were DELICIOUS!!!! I highly recommend them! I give it 4 out of 5 stars, and actually if there were 3-4 pierogies on the plate - I'd give it 5 stars!!!!The Roasted Marrow was the SIGNATURE appetizer. 2 femur bones from the cow - cut open with a buttery, oily, gelatin-like cooked marrow within. Seasoned to perfection and able to be spread onto hard crackers for as a yummy finger food. This was the highlight of the night. The marrow was a taste like you've never had before! What a genius idea - to take what is usually thrown out, roast it and make it into one of the most delicious starters known to carnivorous mankind! Yum! 5 out of 5 stars!The Mac & Cheese had some yummy goat cheese to it. Though I've had better Mac & Cheese (at nearby Cliff Bell's & Slow's BBQ) - I still can not complain because this was still good. The main note is that the goat cheese was a bit watery and sank to the bottom - leaving the elbow noodles a little dry at the top. Simply mixing it up a little and scooping some cheese sauce from the bottom of the dish resolved this - but something tells me that a modified cooking style could remedy this. I give the Mac & Cheese 3 stars out of 5.The norm of dress (not dress code) at the restaurant was classy, trendy, yet laid-back and unpretentious. If you come here in jeans, make sure that you are wearing dark or fashionable jeans with a trendy shirt. Otherwise, I would recommend dressing up a bit as most are dressed semi-formal (men in slacks and collared shirts with shiny shoes and women in their sexy evening dresses). The ambiance is dark, trendy and kind of chic. However, like many places in Detroit, this place just has their way of still having friendly, unpretentious clientele - so I didn't mind. It's like those well-to-do and 40, but still 24 at heart type crowd that commonly comes here.Overall - judging from the attention to detail, taste and quality that Roast  pays to their appetizers - I would expect nothing less from their entrees. The next time I come here I will definitely be ordering the Beef Cheek Pierogies, the Roasted Marrow....and entrees I am eyeballing are (in order of excitement).....*drumroll*.....1. Roasted Beast of the Day (ooh the mystery)2. Wild Boar Rack 12 oz.3. Braised Lamb Shank w/Gremolata, Fennel & Tomato4. Veal Chop 14oz.5. Braised Beef Short Ribs w/Pickled Chilies, Salsa Verde
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,12/19/2009,21,72,1,7,8>I grew up in a "off the boat" Polish family, so I am very critical of Polish food.  My grandma and "Babcias" always made stuffed cabbage, pierogis and paczkis from scratch, so any restaurant has a lot to live up to.  Polish Village does.  Between my family and I, we have tried a lot of items on the menu and nothing disappoints.  I crave the Dill Pickle soup and potato pancakes nearly monthly!  The pierogis are the only ones I have had outside of my grandma's kitchen that taste as good as hers.  I even get nostalgic when we get our handwritten bill and it looks like my grandma's handwriting. The only downfalls are the crowded space and the no credit card policy.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,12/18/2009,103,152,5,6,9>Little Ass Menu.  Urinals mix with the bar taps.  Dog food bowls as serving dishes.  Yeah, AFB is a lot of fun!!!The burger is AWESOME, comes with fries, slaw, and cheese at no extra charge.  Only $6!  The beef and bun are supplied from local Detroit sources and its a heck of a burger.  Pool table, plasmas, and a couple other video games.  If they add free wi-fi I wouldn't complain  :-)   We had a group of 11 or so and the manger George stopped by our table to chat and gave us all free shots.  How cool!  Plus George is a funny guy.  Other free stuff -- free popcorn... which just gets you drinking more to beat the salt We will be back here for sure.  I can see stopping here before or after a Tiger game.  Great place, check it out!
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,12/17/2009,91,123,9,10,11>Good call on whoever had the idea to post the new late night menu (open until 3:30 am Friday and Saturday nights) for Cafe Habana in the Commune bathrooms. It reminded me that I hadn't been to Cafe Habana yet and that they had some pretty interesting looking menu items. I'm always looking for a new late night place to eat as well.I was in the mood for some good chips and salsa and I was not disappointed with the tres salsas from Cafe Habana. The chips were hot and fresh and the salsas had unique distinct flavors. I got the arepas for dinner which I had never had before anywhere. They were two cornmeal cakes with a goat cheese and tomato filling. The tomatoes were diced into the smallest most perfect pieces - I was trying to picture how someone could actually chop them so perfectly and how long it would take someone to actually do that. Maybe they have a machine. :)To finish off the glutton fest were some piping hot churros and chocolate with a cup of coffee. Yum. Can't wait to go back on the late night for some huevos rancheros.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2009,12/16/2009,81,83,4,6,6>I normally do not Yelp an establishment if the reviews already echo my thoughts... BUTTTT Asahi is honestly the best little Sushi place I have EVER dined at. Actually this place is super close to my home (be envious!!) and I started going here once a week when the place first opened. I would come every week and get my carryout typically, I love when people know me and appreciate my regular business and this place does just that! Dining in is also a great experience. The place is small and cozy with about ten tables and four chairs at the sushi bar. Decor is nice, lighting and music is easy on the ears and eyes. Service is always so prompt and friendly. The complimentary soup and salad that come out are great, but the speciality rolls are something to write home about, in fact worth a "federal-express home about it". I may order the same thing two separate times but the presentation is always different using wooden boats, glasses, flowers, and much more. I dine at the sushi bar sometimes and always get a sample of a roll made that the chef might think I want. Sushi is yummy to us sushi lovers but to me the TRUE TEST if the sushi is good is if you can take a stubborn meat and potato BF and well done burger brother there for their first sushi experience and they walk away more the satisfied...wanting to come back the next week. The place does it's job with pride. You can taste it. I recommend the Asahi Specialty roll among several others!
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,12/15/2009,164,52,1,7,10>I remember when I first started drinking red wine - most likely and sadly because I thought I would appear more sophisticated and mature if I did - and I always thought it all tasted the same, regardless of price and type.  That is, until I got someone who is passionate about wine and knows what their talking about to discuss wine with you.  Suddenly, I saw wine completely different and now love it for what it really is and not what I was trying to make it out to be.  Comet Coffee does that for coffee - helping to show and express the true breadth and complexity coffee can have.  I absolutely love this place.The staff definitely knows their stuff and are clearly very passionate about what they do.  I've never had a bad experience - I just go in and ask a lot of questions.  Their prices can't be beat and for the first time in the last 18 years of coffee drinking, I like their coffee just black.  No need to cream, sugar, or anything else.  I just want to taste the coffee.Prices can't be beat nor can the quality.  If I really want coffee, I walk the six blocks to go here - past 23,203 Starbucks and other chain coffee shops along the way.  This place has changed the way I look at and drink coffee.  Well done!
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,12/14/2009,34,50,14,16,10>I've been to Kensington many times and I've still yet to take advantage of all that this park has to offer. Usually, I ride my bike around the 8 mile paved loop 2-3 times, or I sometimes run it, when feeling ambitious.  The loop is somewhat hilly, which is a nice change from running/biking the streets of pancake-flat Royal Oak.  Other stuff to do: there are trails (which I have not yet explored), rowboats, kyacks and paddleboats to rent, a beach, fishing, as well as sledding hills and a toboggan runs (the latter of which I really need to check out this winter)!   AND there's a petting zoo.  That said, the reason why I gave Kensington only 4 stars is because of the stupid rule that requires you to wear helmets when on a bike (or rollerblading...but who the hell rollerblades anymore?!).  I, for one, am not a fan of wearing a helmet.  It totally cramps my style, ok?  Furthermore, I don't appreciate ordinances/laws that are overly-paternalistic, i.e., helmet laws for non-motorized bikes!  Caveat: I do realize that there are quite a few laws that are paternalistic in nature that are also reasonable, but I draw the line at non-motorized bike helmet laws.  Let ME worry about keeping my skull and brain intact, ok?  Notwithstanding the foregoing, Kensington is great!
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,12/13/2009,52,123,9,13,9>A good Polish restaurant in Melvindale?  You gotta be kidding me. But every time I drove by this places, the parking lot was full.  Must be a reason, so I decided to check it out and today was no exception. The place was full, but we were lucky a table opened up as soon as we walked in. Now, I'm a Scotsman by heritage and the only native foods I'll claim are Shortbread and Scotch Whiskey. My wife and her entire family is 100% Polish. Over the years of family dinners I've enjoyed some great Polish food. I've learned to love some things that I can't pronounce phonically... like Golambki. So this trip I had Golambki (Stuffed Cabbage), City Chicken (Veal & Pork), Kapusta (kraut) and Potatoes for $6.50. I added a Pierogi for $1.25.  The Golambki was delicious.I've been around the family long enough to recognize hand made Pierogis and these are definitely hand made. Farmer's Cheese was very good. They have a very family oriented atmosphere. Decor is functional, not fancy. The place is very clean and bright. The service is prompt and friendly. Overall a great value from a nice, family owned business. Then there was this plate of Nalesniki that passed me on it's way to another table... If I wasn't already stuffed... Next time...
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2009,12/11/2009,135,218,4,6,5>Not normally in our grad student/one-income budget, my husband and I decided to be all spendy in the name of our one-year anniversary.  I do not regret the upcoming nights of Ramen noodles one little bit.  Eve lives up to its reputation and was, quite honestly, one of the best meals we've ever had.  Considering we're two people who love food and who've just recently lived in San Francisco, foodie capitol U.S.A., this is admitting a lot!I'm a big fan of fresh and seasonal and attention to detail, and Eve delivered on all three fronts.  Our starters were delish: the Thai chicken dumplings and green salad with fig dressing and a crusty slice of bread with goat cheese.  Speaking of bread, those homemade butters (all three kinds)?  Genius!  Who'd have thought something like Guava butter on simple fresh bread would make me so excited?  And, ahem, maybe ask for more...Our entrees, served alongside a bottle of Zen of Zin wine, were superb.  We ordered the Tenderloin Chimichurri and Thai BBQ chicken.  Both came with ginger rice and fresh roasted veggies.  Another plus:  the portions were pretty generous. I still had an entire piece of chicken on my plate that I grudgingly had to leave behind because I was literally stuffed.  "Stuffed" meaning we still had room for the ice cream flight for dessert, obviously (there's always room for ice cream! Especially the salted caramel and goat cheese/cherry varieties.  Not your usual flavors, kid).Save up your pennies, bring your rich uncle, whatever you have to do - go have dinner at Eve.
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2009,12/10/2009,1388,1056,17,15,14>Used book store fans are an odd lot. We all have a love of musty smells, sometimes yellowed and crinkled pages and the treasure of a book that has already been enjoyed. Some of my all time faves have been found in the stacks of a used book store, sometimes they are all the more loved as I was not the first. I think many books here were not loved enough, they end up abandoned here and they need you to come and take them home to treasure. I am overly sentimental though. I think it's also why I always rescue older abandoned pets rather than kittens or puppies, even my husband came to me already divorced. I digress...I love it here. It is massive though so I only drop in when I have a lot of time to kill. The staff is extremely helpful and it is pretty well organized into sections but it is still overwhelming at times, with the size it cannot be helped. If you cannot find a book here you are not much of a reader really. If you cannot find a bagful you are not me.I have found some excellent books here but I always buy way too many! It is my husband's number one fave bookstore in the area. I like it so much but I always end up losing too much track of time and the next thing I know I have a bazillion books picked out.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,12/9/2009,45,114,3,14,7>I received a gift certificate for a spa treatment from a family member. (yay me!) On the card, it stated "We want you to have a wonderful spa experience with us." I did, and I'm want to spread the news all over town!I walked up to a beautiful cottage type beige colored home with white shutters. I'm excited already because home-style spas are so warm and friendly. Not so sterile and cut and dry. First thing you are greeted by two massage therapists.."Sit down, sit down," they invite. "Is there anything stressing you at the moment that we can help with? Have some tea." That's right I come on in and sip on some hot tea - complimentary - and suddenly I start babbling like a brook. "My neck is a bit sore, I think I carry a lot of stress up high on my back, you know?""Yes, yes." they both nod and look at me sympathetically. "We know just how to take care of that." I'm whisked off to a private room lightly scented with aromatic oils, and orchestra music playing in the background. There is a foot heating portion of the blanket so your feet don't get cold while being massaged. How thoughtful of them to think of that! Anyhow when I'm all done with my blissful massage, I'm invited to sit on a couch with a chocolate chip cookie to unwind. I floated out of the spa house and on to my car, my physical aches momentarily washed away and my mind renewed. I will be back.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2009,12/8/2009,380,907,6,11,12>I've just started to teach myself how to knit.  I finished my first ball of yarn and so I needed some more.  I decided to upgrade to some better wool and to buy locally instead of from a large craftplex.I went to quaint downtown Berkley and walked into "have you any wool?"  I was immediately greeted at the door by a woman.  I told her that I just started knitting and she literally cheered.  I explained to her that I needed some big sewing needles and some yarn.  She recommended needles that I would need.  She sold me only the ones I would need right now and that had a case, not every needle she sold.  She also directed me to her clearance wool so I could get some good wool for about 30% off since I'm just starting out.She asked what I was making and I explained I'm making an iPod cozy from a book.  I didn't have the book on me so she looked up the pattern on the interweb and helped me pick out the correct yarn.I had a lot of questions and she answered all of them for me.  She suggested a lot of books and different options to upgrade to in the future.  Eventually another employee/owner (?) came over and gave me a lot of good information. Have You Any Wool? seemed to have a large selection of yarn and supplies.  Also, they have classes for instruction if you're so inclined.I would definintely recommend going here if you're just starting out.  They were so helpful and friendly.  It also felt good to buy local and support some people that are passionate about an interesting craft.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,12/7/2009,35,54,3,9,6>If you're the type of shopper who gets grossed out by fruit flies (mostly only in the summer as Brad mentioned) or produce that isn't looking it's 100% best, you may want to avoid ZZ's. Don't come in here expecting Plum Market-worthy displays of produce. I like to come to ZZ's because I hate Plum Market and LOVE paying next to nothing for pounds of carrots, apples and oranges at this place. I enjoy using my fruit and vegetable juicer so cheap, most of the time flawed produce is perfect for me. Sometimes the owner kids me about when I'm going to bring him some fresh juice.If you're on any type of budget or just simply like to save money where you can, you can easily stock up on beans, canned sauces/tomatoes/olives/evap. milk here and replenish your spice collection with pungent, fresh bags of cumin, coriander, etc. I've gotten great bottles of olive oil here along with greek sea salt, fresh figs, bags of limes for under a dollar.. they also have coffee, tea and nuts. Great place to stop in and check out at least every few weeks.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2009,12/6/2009,47,75,5,10,2>Somewhere in western Oklahoma, one of my tires started losing air.  This led to some interesting cultural exchanges, but it got annoying after a while to have to stop every so often and have to refill the tire.  When I got home, I was finally able to take it in, and was told that I had a cracked wheel.The next day at work, I was griping to a couple friends about how much this was likely to cost and they both suggested that I go to a junkyard.  I had always heard about junkyards, but had never been to one.  When I checked the yellow pages, I was happy to see that there was one so close to me and decided to go check it out.Boy, am I glad I did!  Price at Discount Tire - $155; price at Ryan's Junkyard - $85, plus a $10 rebate for giving them the cracked wheel.  It was a pretty cool experience, too.  It is in the ghetto (8 Mile & Wyoming) but if you don't mind that its a definite gold mine.  All the people are super friendly and helpful - and trilingual.  They've got a whole yard plus a couple warehouses of scrapped cars and salvaged parts, so you can find pretty much anything you need at a good price.Now that I know where this is, and am familiar with how it works, I will definitely go here whenever I need anything in the future.
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2009,12/5/2009,80,187,3,6,7>The common lunch time routine at my office goes something like this:"Did you bring your lunch today?""No""Where are we going?""I don't know what do you want""Northwestern Grille?!""Yeah!"We have been working our way through the menu and I have not had a bad thing there. We often eat here several days a week because the menu is so varied that there's something new to try! They have soups, salads, cold sandwiches, hot sandwiches, wraps, breakfast, fruit, and more. Also if you want something not on the menu just ask! Its all made to order so they will put together what ever you want.My go-to on the menu is the chicken salad sandwich on sourdough toast, and I add mustard. BEST chicken salad ever! It is sooo good.The people who work there are all very friendly and positive, we go there so often that they know us and have running jokes with some of my co-workers.If you have not been yet, GO! Get in line, pick up your drink and chips, order your food, move down to the register to pay and then wait for your yummy goodness of homemade love to take back to your office!
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,12/4/2009,215,177,3,10,5>I agree with Chiwei, this place is dangerous!  Deliciously, decadently dangerous.  I was here with my lady friends and we ordered a TON of food, starting with appetizers: pakora and aloo tikka. The aloo tikka were my favorite: fluffy, moist and spiced so delicately it snuck up on me. For my main dish I ordered baigan bartha (eggplant stew). It was warm and filling (and spicy).  My friend ordered malai kofta and it was tasty, the cheese perfectly cooked--soft yet firm.  Everything we ate was seasoned really, really well.The real star of the show?  The rava masala dosa.  So big it takes up an entire plate.  The crispy crunchy crepe edges dangle over the plate, daring you to tear them off.  Inside: hot, moist and spicy potato mixture with caramelized onions. Diabolical!Most Indian restaurants (justifiably) have a reputation for notoriously bad service so I must point out that our waiter was attentive, our beverages were always replenished and the manager checked up on us a few times!Oh Indian food, I love you so.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2009,12/3/2009,20,16,9,20,16>Okay now listen up folks this place is real authentic guatemalan style fried chicken.  I have lived in Guatemala and this place is the only place I have found that is for real.  First the name of this place drew my attention.  Pollo Chapín (Chapín is a adjective that Guatemalans use to describe themselves and other things that are uniquely Guatemalan.  Guatemalans call themselves chapines.)  Have you ever heard of Pollo Campero? It is a fried chicken chain that originated in Guate that makes KFC really mean Kentucky Fried Caca (poop!)  Pollo Chapín is better because it is down home cooking and not mass produced.  Pollo Campero is still good though lol.  The owners are Guatemalan, this is NOT a Mexican place.  If you really want to get some treats ask for the Atol, there are all kinds of variety of this thick filling beverage, usually drank hot for breakfast.  Guatemalan atoles are traditional cornstarch-based thick hot drinks, yet atoles can also be made from, dried green beans (habas) rice and milk, liquified plantains as in atol de platano or arroz con leche and oatmeal flour ex. atol de avena.  You can see all the different types of atol here:  antiguadailyphoto.com/20In Guate (abbreviation for Guatemala city) at the bus stop you can see women selling different types of atoles, the most well known one is atol blanco (white atol)  I asked in Spanish for atol blanco and the owner was so happy she gave me and my friend some for free to taste it.  It is not on the menu, I was thrilled felt like I was back in Guatemala again.  I have really missed their food.  They have Gautemalan tamales which are not like the Mexican ones at all, they are steamed in a banana leaf and the masa is moist and soft, it is almost like eating a savory custard.  It usually has chicken in it and sometimes pork.   The fragrant banana leaf really makes it special.  Tamales are usually eaten around Christmas and are black (with a chocolate mole-type sauce), and red.  Their are also chuchitos, tamalitos and many other variances that there just isn't enough time and space to go into.  You could litterally write a bound volume about the variety of tamales that are out there in Guatemala and Mexico.  The only Mexican tamale that is close to what the Guatemalan ones taste like is a tamal oaxaqueño which is one of the southern states of Mexico so the food is very much influenced by the indigenous people (for example, the Zapotec and the Mixtec are the two main groups but there are many others), .  You have to try it.  Don't let the silken texture of it fool you into thinking it is more healthy it is not, this is a very rich dish.  So don't go overboard.  I learned the hard way in Guatemala!  Only eat one at a time and one is usually way more than enough!They also have curtido (guatemalan pickled vegetables) and remolachas, which is pickled beet salad (my favorite!) which you usually see on enchiladas (which are totally different from Mexican ones) or tostadas. See those here:antiguadailyphoto.com/taYou can have the pickled vegetables as a side dish to accompany your tamal.   I wish they served other platos típicos like: pepían (,antiguadailyphoto.com/20) kak'ik (antiguadailyphoto.com/20)  and Jocón (antiguadailyphoto.com/ta) but these dishes are labors of immense love and tastiness that there just isn't enough time to make when you are frying the best chicken in town!  Ok I have gotten way off base here.  It was so exciting to find this place.  I went to it in July and I wasn't yelping yet so wasn't able to post my rave review yet.Bottom line:*You need to eat the chicken like all species of chicken are going to be wiped out tomorrow and today is the last day to taste real good fried chicken.*You need to try the atol blanco and let the creamy, sweet, buttery, aromatic warmth fill your belly * You must also have the remolacha (pickled beet salad) with a tamalThen you have gotten a little taste of what Guatemala has to offer to the culinary world....You get a real taste of the Maya in Guatemalan food.  I encourage all to go there and see for themselves!
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2009,12/2/2009,103,227,6,8,9>Oh Yelp...what are you doing to me?  I don't wear vintage clothes.  I don't shop "thrift" stores. So why, oh why did I find myself in Detroit Vintage?  Because I'm addicted to Yelping.  The store looked cool from the outside and I had never been in, so I figured I would check it out.Actually, I was looking for some vintage tourist-y Detroit shirts for my son, who likes to wear unique T-shirts.  The shirts they did have were 70's dead stock T-shirts that have I heart Detroit on the front.  The back of the shirt is printed with the store's logo.  I bought one right away for said 15 year old son.  It wasn't until I got home that I realized the back of the shirt says "Everyone wants in our panties".  Um, yeah.  I'm not going to be THAT mom that lets her kid get kicked out of school.Anyway........as the previous review says, it's a mecca of flashy fancy-dress stuff.  Vintage and new lingerie, and those fluffy things you wear under your skirt...my granny calls them petticoats....are hanging from the ceiling.   There are tons of very cool vintage hats, dresses, shoes etc.I was interested in the purses, as always when I go in to a new shop.  They didn't have a big selection today, but I believe that could change at any time.The jewelry in the case up front was spectacular.  All kinds of sparkly broaches that would look great on a dark wool winter coat in our ugly gray Michigan winters.I can honestly say that I will check my phobias at the door and return to this cute little shop to see what they have in the future.
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,12/1/2009,128,207,9,14,6>When I heard about this place, I was like...wtf. What a weird idea, to have hot tubs that you can rent...but then, wait, this is GENIUS! I mean, I don't know how well this place would fly in, say, Hotlanta, but in cold Michigan it's a great idea, especially when it's snowing. I think most of their rooms are outdoors, but you can rent indoor ones if you wish. I've only been in the outdoor ones, and only in the wintertime. So, yeah, it's a little gross to get in a hot tub that you know people have had sex in. And, yeah, possibly a lot of people. But hey, that's what chlorine is for right? At least it doesn't have little kid pee like your public pool. Hopefully. They state their cleanliness standards on their website and at the actual place, and when you walk in it generally smells like cleaning products, which is reassuring. I feel like it's clean anyway, even if I'm deluding myself. So you pay some money and you get a private room that locks that you can change in, and a private tub. The staff calls you on a phone when your time is up so your privacy isn't disturbed. They have satellite radio so you can choose your tunes while you're tubbing, which I think adds a nice ambiance. Every room has a "theme" but they're all kinda cheesy I think. The only drawback here is that it's pretty expensive, something like $40 for an hour on weekends. However, you can usually find a coupon somewhere (their site if nowhere else) and they offer student discounts and a frequent-tubber program of sorts. Oh, and they also take reservations, which is probably recommended for weekends and definitely holidays like Valentine's.
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2009,11/30/2009,91,194,,4,4>Update:Corner is now serving real food.  Burgers and what not.  While they don't have a huge menu, the menu they have makes sense for what they want to focus on, good beer.I also have clarification on the beer differences between Corner and ABC.  So, they are all exactly the same recipes.  The beer at ABC is served at ABC and the beer brewed at Corner is served at Corner.  The same four people brew the beer at the two places, so there's no inconsistencies there.The big difference is the equipment and process.  The brewery at Corner also bottles and kegs the beer for sale to other restaurants and retailers, so the batches are much larger.  My guess is that the equipment is newer too.I still say though that the Sacred Cow IPA tastes better at Corner than at ABC.  Plus, now that I have a baby, Corner is one of the few bars in town where I don't feel weird walking in with a baby in one hand and a brew in the other.  It's no smoking, which is a huge plus (when are they gonna pass that damn law?)I'd tell you to go here to support local breweries and business.  I'd also tell you to go here because the owners are really nice people.  But, none of this is necessary.Go here because it's the best beer you can get in Michigan.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2008,11/29/2009,33,105,4,14,5>I am truly surprised to be the first person to review the Red Pepper Deli. Since they opened, I have been driving by, thinking I should stop in and see if its overpriced and gimmicky or worth the money for healthy food. There are always people in the restaurant, yet no reviews thus far, so I figured I needed to step up and get it on Yelp.... and I am glad I did! As promised, this is an all organic, raw establishment, that truly does not disappoint. Admittedly, although curious and allegedly a health conscious individual, I had never tried raw food and only occasionally eat organic. If you are thinking "umm, I prefer my food cooked," then you are missing out. So what will you find at the deli? Wheat grass, good service, vegan options galore, a very interesting menu of healthy sandwiches, snacks, soups, salads, tonics, smoothies, and even desserts. I got zucchini soup, a nori roll sandwich, and a marinated portabella sandwich for my husband. We both loved the soup and the portabella sandwich. (There was nothing wrong with the Nori Roll other than the fact I should have known I wouldn't want to consume enough nori to classify a sandwich... that's my fault, not theirs). What won't you find there? wheat, dairy (except in one smoothie), and cooked anything. You also won't find a complete meal for under $10. Eh, whatever... you certainly get what you pay for and I believe that eating these types of foods are worth every penny. Also, to their credit, we got our food to-go and all of the packaging was recycled/recyclable. I would have been upset if this had not been the case. I enjoyed my chat with the manager, who is very much hands on and open to suggestions. Reading over the menu again brings me to realize that I will probably make this a go-to place for lunches.. there are so many things I want to try. Next up for me.... a "Greenwich" with seed cheese, avocado, spinach, cucumber, and sprouts. Sounds delish, no?!
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2009,11/28/2009,103,74,4,7,7>If you like alcohol - beer, wine, liquor, whatever - you must go here! This is essentially an alcohol warehouse with nearly everything your little heart desires! No...seriously. The beer selection is diverse and delicious! They even carry a very good selection of gluten-free beers (Try Bard's...not to be confused with Bard's Tale). I also enjoyed checking out their organic, sulfite-free wines - not an easy find and even harder to find one that tastes good! I found a Malbec in a plastic/paper container that was really great. I was also happy to find some of the upper shelf vodkas that are more difficult to find, like Effen.Initially, this place is a little overwhelming - as you first walk through the wine section, which is massive and because of the wonderful variety it's almost like you want to look at every bottle. I recommend walking through the whole warehouse before zoning in on a few spirits you would like to get - unless you know what you're in for. I did find the staff on the floor to be very helpful in making wine suggestions after they asked a few basic questions. My friend was very pleased with their suggestion of a lower priced, unique Shiraz - it was delicious!There is a small food area with a focus on nuts...which from the other reviews I found out that it doubles as a Pic-A-Nut store. There were a lot of interesting olives and pickled items as well as a few cheeses. One thing to be aware of is they will take back bottles for the recycling refund if you bring it back in the original boxes. Not quite sure what's up with this rule but they were pretty specific about letting us know that is the only way we'll get the refund from them on our beer bottles. I don't know how strict they are about this though.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2009,11/27/2009,61,111,3,7,5>Since I just moved here, I took a poll of all the local pet-lovers (and ALL my neighbors are pet-lovers!), and everyone simply gushed over how wonderful Dr. Burke is at Little Friends of Ferndale.  So, I made an appt to get all my doggie vaccinations up to date.  Word to the wise: if you are a new patient, call WAY in advance!  There is currently a 3-week waiting list to get in for new patients, because it takes an extra long appointment to get to know everybody (extra extra long in my case, because I have 3 dogs).The staff is very nice and seem to care a lot about the comfort and general wellness of your pets.  They got me into a nice exam room to fill out my paperwork so that my little fluffballs wouldn't be confronted by any large fluffball-eating monsters that might walk in.  They asked good questions about my pets histories and listened patiently to the long sordid stories (they're all rescues with some grim issues).  They even sat down on the floor to chat with me while I petted and comforted my nervous dogs.  Everyone also said how adorable my dogs were, you know I love to hear that!Dr. Burke was very friendly and patient yet efficient - listened to me while she examined.  She's very affectionate with the dogs, holding them lovingly while she performs exams, which served to keep them still while making them feel secure (I've never seen a vet do this before, it was very effective).  She even kissed one of them on the top of the head mid-sentence, like she just couldn't help herself!  She talks fast and moves things along quickly, but I never felt rushed or that she wasn't giving me time to ask questions.Because I was updating vaccinations & getting heartworm tests (and preventative pills) for 3 dogs, the bill was definitely through the roof - but it could have been so much worse.  They only charged me for one exam even though she examined all three at the same appt, and she sent me home with a bag full of medicinal treats to try out for their various issues (bad joints, tooth decay, etc).  Each one also got a cute little bandana after having their shots :-)I also appreciated the fact that they let me pay the bill from the same exam room instead of sending us out into the chaos of the lobby.  I felt like they are primarily concerned about animal comfort and health - not money, not their own convenience, not up-selling other products.  I REALLY appreciate that they help you decide what tests, vaccinations, and meds your pet really needs rather than try to make you feel like a bad person for not getting every test & treatment known to man.It was just my first visit, but I feel very comfortable taking all my pets back to Dr. Burke for anything.  I really believe they will take good care of us for years to come!
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2009,11/26/2009,48,55,3,8,5>With the amount of complaining I do about the prices of produce, I am very surprised I had not been here. This farm market is probably the best in the Metro Detroit area.    The selection of fruits and vegetables is very nice. While they may not have some of the more exotic produce found in Westborn or Nino's, they do have very good selections of the standards (I have never been presented with so many options for peachs and plums EVER).    The biggest winner for me about this place is the prices. Everything is half the price or more cheaper than a regular super market, and when you buy in bulk the prices get even better. So if you are the type of person who can eat 6 apples in a day (Christain Bale if you read this, Block's is your weight cutting answer), then the bulk discounts will be well worth it.
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2009,11/25/2009,47,263,2,5,3>Gourmet Garden has been my place to pick up egg drop soup when I am sick.  Most of my meals have been at lunch.  GG offers quite a few dishes for lunch at a very reasonable price, $8 or so.  But tonight, tonight we had a fabulous meal.  For starters we had hot & sour as well as wonton soup.  Both arrived hot and were extremely good.  Then came the crab ragoon appetizer, six delicate pieces cooked to perfection.  Yum.Our main course was #31, Double Sesame Delight,  a dish that combined a sweet and sour type sauce with chicken, shrimp and vegetables.  The chicken and shrimp were sauteed and perfect.  No shrimpy smell or taste as the shrimp was wonderful.  The vegetables were amazing.  As a matter of fact, I pulled out a water chestnut to share with my husband because I couldn't believe the fabulous taste.  Hubby agreed with me.  Oh and the dish had red peppers that tasted like they were just picked from a garden out back and cooked.  This dish was GREAT.  To top it off we each had a Tsingtao beer with dinner.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2009,11/24/2009,86,398,,11,3>A sign above the register declares Goodwell's pocket sandwhiches to be "famous." If these sandwhiches aren't already famous, they should be! For four bucks you get a huge whole wheat pita stuffed with fresh organic veggies, high quality cheese, tofu sauce, and creamy slices of havarti cheese. They are always happy to add extra tomoato or spinach - yum!Goodwell's also has soups, veggie chili, and a selection of cold prepared salads to go. With this place so close by I have no excuse to eat junk.There's a $10 minimun if you're using a credit card. I usually just stock up on fruit and healthy snacks for the office until I've gone over $10.
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2009,11/23/2009,233,46,9,10,9>Remember when I said Effie of Hilton Road Cafe was the queen of desserts (bit.ly/EWVes)?  She still is, but I will have to create some sort of dessert Parliament as this establishment truly rules when it comes to the pie.I have yet to eat an actual entree at Dish, but there is no doubt in my mind that they are murderously excellent with the rest of their options.  The fact that they have been in business for over 10 years is also a testament to the quality of their work.Seriously.  I am eating their key lime pie as I type this and it is truly a taste to behold.  So fresh.  So obvious that it is made from scratch.I really hate just giving away 5-star ratings, but I would rather throw all 200lbs (+/- 5lbs) behind a great thing than a deplorable one.  I will add an addendum to this review when I finally get around to ordering some of their non-dessert.  For now though, NOM NOM!
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,11/22/2009,40,132,3,8,10>I didn't know about the Honey Bee until I moved to Detroit a few years ago. Grocery shopping was one of my biggest concerns about living there, and then I met La Colmena. This is, without a doubt, Detroit's best grocery store. I just resigned myself to eating a lot of Mexican food, which was no big sacrifice. This is a high quality establishment.Their produce ranges from good to excellent. I have yet to find better scallions or cilantro at any of the chichi stores in Ann Arbor. On any given day, you can find a perfectly ripe avocado at the Honey Bee. Organic fruits and veggies are unfortunately sparse, though occasionally they have organic strawberries super cheap.Their in-house products rule - tortilla chips, salsa, guacamole and crema de la casa (along with their scallions, this makes superb onion dip). There's a counter in the back of the store where they sell yummy, cheap tamales and egg-chorizo burritos.Oh, the chorizo - killer! The ground up kind is smoky, hot and surprisingly lean. I use it to make chili.Secret bonus - they sell Mexican Coke (no corn syrup!) in glass bottles, as well as an array of quality cervezas. And at the end of your shopping experience, just before the registers, you'll find a gallery of ready-to-be-stuffed pinatas in day-glo colors. This place rocks.
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2009,11/21/2009,139,103,4,8,6>YUMMY.  I am no expert, but this is the kind of place I love.   This family has been doing fish and chips for decades, and have really refined it to an art.  Light flaky Icelandic cod flown in fresh every day, with a supper crispy and crunchy crust.  Seriously delish, and you feel the history ooze from the walls.  From what I have gathered, for the regulars, this place has become a religious pilgrimage.  The only place I have to really compare is the semi known place in new york where they fry up Twinkies. They were good, but Scottys is better.  As a side note, the soup was average, the tarter sauce was average, the banana cream pie was pretty good.  In the end, you can't go wrong with the Fish and Chips!
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2009,11/20/2009,182,276,1,8,6>Why does it seem that Southwest Detroit is THE foodie destination in the Metro area? Rincon Taraxco is a very authentic Mexican restaurant specializing in seafood. A Mexican colleague suggested we dine here. Without much hesitation, we loaded up 2 vehicles and went there for lunch. We arrived to find the tuna salad and crackers on the table. Addicting, I ate more than a few of these with assorted Mexican hot sauces sprinkled on them. I had Chilaquiles de Camaron, which is Shrimp with lightly fried Tortilla Chips covered with small am out of salsa and cheese. This combination, usually made with egg as a breakfast dish, was delicious. The Shrimp were tender, large and abundant. The tortillas and salsa complimented the shrimp very well. Also, I tried their Cerviche Tostada ($2) which was the best I have had to date. Cerviche is fish that is "cooked" cold with a lime juice as a catalyst, served on a toasted tortilla with avocado slices as a topping. I need to try some more to truly judge how good their version stacks up to others in Southwest Detroit. Others in our party had Whole Grilled Snapper, Fish Tacos, and an amazing 7 Seas Soup that had shrimp, octopus, crab, oysters, and fish in it. Next visit, i intend to try an Oyster Cocktail... Stay tuned.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,11/18/2009,107,244,1,4,4>Thank you, thank you, thank you Yelp.  Without you, I would have never known about this place.  Without you, I would not have dined on the best sandwich known to man.  Really, I think I whimpered when I bit into it.  I was hesitant to try banh mi thit nuong because I'm not a fan of pork (or should I thought I wasn't a fan of pork?).  But this pork was so tender and flavorful.  All of the toppings added to the pork flavor- onion, cilantro, crushed peanuts, wonderful sweet zippy sauce, pickled carrots and fresh jalapeno. I also order a pineapple smoothie. Again, sublime. Cool, creamy, sweet, subtle.  I will be drinking these even when it hits 15 below.  I ordered a chicken sandwich as a back up, but I tried it and didn't care for it.  BUT I DON'T CARE!  Seriously, when a restaurant gives you one of the best meals of my life for $7, it gets 5 stars without giving it a second thought.  I am so sad that they are closed tomorrow (they're closed Wednesdays) because I want more ASAP.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2009,11/17/2009,660,114,4,13,12>Had a daddy-daughter day with my little 2 year old girl today.  We took a drive to Novi to visit Pastry House Hippo & lunch at Bi Bim Bab.  I found BBB thanks to Yelp (and the Where! app on my G1).  Reviews looked positive enough, so I figured we'd try it out.Yes, this place is hidden.  As a previous reviewer mentioned, it is on the back side of a BD's Mongolian BBQ.  Search it out, though, the food here is excellent.The restaurant itself is pretty spacious, very clean, & well decorated.  We were seated quickly & a high chair was brought right over - very nice.  The menu is extensive & has pictures of most of dishes. If you're at all uncomfortable with Korean food, this would be a good place to start since you can see your food before you order.I ordered the raw beef bibimbab.  Before that came though, 4 side dishes & some miso soup were brought out.  The kimchi was some of the freshest, best tasting I've ever had.  Laila loved the potato salad, which was sweet (I actually only had 1 bite because once she tried it, she hoarded the rest for herself - she's no fool).  The other 2 sides were also good, though I can't remember exactly what they were.Laila had the chicken teriyaki kid's meal.  For 5.95 she got the equivalent of a whole chicken breast cut up and slathered in a tasty teriyaki sauce, french fries, watermelon, pineapple, cantaloupe, & rice.  Not a bad deal.  I'd never had bibimbab before lunch today.  Oh man, was it ever delicious.  Served in a hot stone bowl - there was raw beef, raw egg, mushroom, zucchini, soy beans, and more a top of sticky rice.  The server told me to add some of the hot sauce & mix everything together.  The textural adventure this dish provides is incredible.  As the rice cooks on the hot stone, it crisps up and sticks together forming these delicious little crispy rice cakes. Everything in the dish is so fresh & goes together so perfectly - it is like heaven in a hot stone bowl.  There was green tea, ginger, red bean, & coconut ice creams on the menu, but we didn't try them because of our Pastry House Hippo goodies in the car.  However, for dessert they brought me a slice of really good watermelon & Laila got a mini scoop of ultra-creamy vanilla ice cream.  I'll definitely be back to try more.  Great food & good with kids.
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,11/15/2009,267,274,11,12,10>Shhhhhhh.....lets keep this place on the down low!!! Although, I guess thats kind of a hard thing to do when Oprah and Esquire magazine have both written about it. They just moved down the street to a larger space...and what a great space it is! Beautifully decorated...even down to the tin ceilings in the bathroom. You know what makes me happy? When places have "nice" soap in the bathroom. Not that crappy bad smelling soap that makes you upset that you have to wash your hands. Well here...they have nice, expensive, lovely smelling soap. Than makes me happy :) (ahh...its the little things in life).This is the kind of place that you want to be a regular at. Seriously I think I could eat here every day. Lets start with the staff. The waitress was incredibly friendly. She always had a smile on her face and was more than happy to suggest her favorites. She was super quick...even with a busy lunch crowd and always kept our waters full. Now to the main event...the food. My friend and I must have sat in silence and stared at the menu for a good 10 minutes. We just could not decide what to eat. So many fabulous choices...so little time. Everything sounded delicious. I ended up having breakfast for lunch because how could I turn down stuffed french toast with a pear topping. My friend had the famous grilled cheese with a cup of their soup of the day (today an extremely fresh sweet potato bourbon concoction). Everything was AMAZING. I literally licked my plate clean. The minute I left the restaurant I called at least 3 friends to tell them that they HAVE to come here for a meal...oh wait, wasn't I the one that wanted to keep this place on the down low? oh well. In the words of the Terminator: "I'll be back".
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,11/13/2009,6,19,2,4,7>I came across Neehee's as I was shopping for some Indian groceries at Bombay Groceries in Canton. They were gearing up to open their second branch in Canton towards the end of July. As I browsed over their menu, I saw many Indian fast food / street food items that I had grown up eating. I was jumping up and down like a kid in a candy store !! Finally some good Indian street fare in Metro Detroit. Since I couldn't wait for a week to try some I headed over their Farmington Hills location.My wife and I tried their Dahi Puri, Dahi Wada, Mysore Masala Dosa, Gujarati Tiffin Thali, Jaleebi, Anjir Ice Cream and Keshar-Pista Ice Cream all in the first visit. And while our stomachs were cursing us for stuffing so much food, we just couldn't get enough. The Chaat items were excellent and very close to those that I enjoyed in India. The dosa was decent, but I have to admit I have had better dosa's in Detroit. The Gujarati thali was also very good, I guess it depends in the day you visit because the curries change on a daily basis. But the thali makes for one complete meal. It comes with 3 rotis, 2 curries/vegetables, rice, dal, yogurt and pickle. You can also get the complete thali with comes with starters, papad, salad/raita and dessert. Ah then come the ice creams. The owner/manager told us that they make their ice creams in-house. They have multiple flavors common in India such as Keshar-Pista (saffron + pistachios), Anjir(figs), Dry Fruit (mixed nuts), Tutti-Frutti, Mango, Vanilla, and I believe I also saw a chocolate flavor in their. The two flavors that I tried threw me back in time when I was still in school. Yeah they were that authentic! While we were chatting at the counter, I also tried a jaleebi and it was great. Thin and crispy with the right amount of sweetness.In terms of ambiance, don't expect too much. This place is all about the food and it was sooooo good that honestly that was all I could care about.Overall I would highly recommend this place to anyone who wants to get their fill on Indian street / fast food specially chaat dishes. It doesn't get any better than this. If it does, then please let me know cause I would want to eat there too!!
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2009,11/12/2009,67,175,3,4,6>The current Rock Stars' Cars & Guitars 2 special exhibit was worth seeing.   Janis Joplin's hippie paint job Porsche was eyepopping, and Snoop Dogg's 1974 Cadillac Coupe DeVille was worth a double-take. Actual stage costumes worn by KISS were a highlight as well.  I'm surprised they didn't have Gene Simmons' in a biohazard containment facility, but I did detect a whiff of disenfectant.  The first exhibit was better, but this installment was worth the price of admission. Well, I got in free with my membership, but it would have been worth the full ticket price had I needed to pay.  We also happened to be there on the day of the Ragtime Street Fair.  Great music, street food, period games for the kids, and an old fashioned Historic Baseball game all transported us back to a time when electricity was rare rather than something you can let leech out through dozens of overheated gadget chargers we seem to need to get through normal life these days.  Ah, modern times.  The highlight of the day for me was the tea at the Cotswald Cottage with my wife and daughters.  It was a warm day so we all got iced tea to go with our sandwiches and treats.  Sandwiches included egg salad with lavender and cucumber -- in most cases, I think lavender makes things taste like soap, but the light floral notes perfectly complemented the rich creaminess of the egg.  The hearty toasty scone was balanced with Devonshire cream (think very soft sweet cream cheese) and jam.  The tray was covered with afternoon snacky goodness and we all left full and happy:  thehenryford.org/villageThe Henry Ford Museum and Greenfield are billing themselves as America's Greatest History Attraction - having been to Colonial Williamsburg VA, I'm not sure they measure up, but it is undoubtedly a gem of Detroit and a perennial membership for me.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2009,11/11/2009,182,168,3,15,8>I am a sushi fiend to say the least, and i just quenched my desire for it at this fabulous new place, which I would have easily missed in the Auburn Crossing Plaza that has many other ethnic restaurants, if it wasn't for my friend (Ashlee R.) who talked up Makimoto to me. (whew, now there's a run on sentence!) We went there for a late lunch around 2, and the establishment was very tranquil, and the staff was very welcoming, polite and attentive, although it was a slow hour, so who knows what they are like around lunch/dinner rush hours.Their menu isn't over the top like Tokyo Sushi where there are infinity-and-beyond choices, but they've perfectly shaved off all the "filler" rolls and retained the ones that would be most appealing, popular, and still unique. I ordered my ever favorite Eel Avacado ($4.25) and Spicy Salmon Roll ($4.50), I also added Masago for just $0.50 per roll. The Eel Avacado was delightful, and the Spicy sauce they add in the Spicy Salmon Roll was actually spicy! I could see real chili paste in there! YUM! My friend got the Sunday Morning Roll (Salmon and cream cheese tempura), Spicy Tuna Roll, California Roll, Cucumber Roll, and an Octopus Nigiri. I like that their Spicy Tuna and Spicy Salmon isn't ground up and mixed with the spicy sauce like at some other sushi joints, it's a whole chunk smothered in sauce. Also an unexpected surprise was complimentary ginger salad and miso soup! The miso soup was a little too much on the salty side, but hey, it was complimentary!I have high standards for sushi and this was extremely good sushi for the price! They don't skimp out on the portions of meat either. Next time, I'm going to try some of their specialty rolls like the Catapilla and Dragon Roll.Can't wait to go here again since it's literally right down the street from Oakland University, which is where I'm at 75% of the time!
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,11/10/2009,37,70,3,3,3>I could totally see the red hat society ladies having brunch here but the food is incredible and not what you'd expect from the atmosphere. Don't let the looks deceive you. It's very old fashioned looking and could use a makeover from Chef Ramsey!Once I dined in with friends and had the Cajun chicken salad and the second time I got carry out and had The Thunder bird sandwich and both were delicious. And the chocolate covered strawberry is a nice touch! Next time I'm getting the lobster quesadillas! or the apple stuffed french toast!
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,11/8/2009,794,350,13,6,6>I have a new smell factor!!!! It's one and a half miles!!!! REALLY!My daughter and I were tanning at our club, ipod on loud, just laying there, yelp.com/biz/beechview-s , and it's real hot and humid, there's a strong wind coming in from the southwest, and sure enough I smell Greene's hamburgers!I had to first make sure nobody brought them into the club, second, I closed my eyes again, there it was, a new World Record for burger smells! I am going to submit that to Guiness Book, or wait, was that guiness beer? Anyway a new record!Yes, we had to stop on the way home for dinner!
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2009,11/7/2009,17,48,2,8,6>Can I just say how extremely excited I am to have a restaurant like Neehee's so close to where I live/work/play?!  This is truly a gem and I know I will be going back here again and again.  There are times when I crave Indian food but my hubby is not always on the same page.  Neehee's makes it so I can get my fix anytime I want - in & out...street food.  Now I don't have to wait until he's in the mood - hurray!I have so much to learn about what they have to offer. My first visit I tried the #12 - Aloo Tikki (2 pc).  It was pan fried potato patties topped with chutneys, yogurt, onions and a little cilantro.  It was so incredibly flavorable.  I was lost at first bite.  It had just the right amount of heat - the kinds that makes your mouth tingle and then subsides but yet you savor it for the next few hours.Oh, and it's extremely affordable.  My lunch only came to $4 + change.  I'm keeping a "master menu" so I can work my way through it and try all sorts of new things.  Neehee's:  Thank you thank you thank you for landing in Canton!
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2009,11/6/2009,53,254,4,4,6>My friends and I fell in love with Joey's via the on demand feature of Comcast (You should totally go check it out right now.  It's a trainwreck). So we decided to take a little trip to see the stars of tomorrow right in our own backyard.We opted for the 'dinner and a show' package, that includes a meal at the restaurant downstairs and a ticket to the comedy for a mere $16 (tax and tip included!) The food was pretty meh.  They pulled 3 or 4 of the available entrees off the menu and everything was fairly bland.  However, $2 well drinks!  Even though they tried to charge us full price and we had to remind them of their own special, we got it right (and cheap) in the end.Another thing about Joey's and the Kickers complex - the drinks are different prices in every part of complex.  It's a little confusing, but the mid-week specials are fairly strong, so that's a minor complaint.  If you like to enjoy things ironically, I highly recommend Joey's.
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2009,11/5/2009,58,63,13,16,11>WARNING:  The following review contains graphic hyperbole and may not be suitable for those under the impression that PF Changs is real Asian cuisine.  Gastronomical discretion is advised.Cutting edge... I am conflicted about using this term.  It is so cliche.  "Music on the cutting edge", "the cutting edge of technology", "medicine on the cutting edge".  In my quest for the right description of the Forest Grill, I have elicited the opinions of others who have dined there:"Fantastic!""Epically good!""Other worldly!""I cried when they brought out dessert, it was so wonderful""Obscenely decadent!""Better than sex!" (this is from someone in the food industry)"J***ed in my pants good!" (I'm totally serious)Certainly the food is all these things, but I keep returning to the term "Cutting edge" as the most accurate description.And so dear friends... the Forest Grill, Hour Magazine's 2009 Restaurant of the Year, represents the CUTTING EDGE of fine dining in Detroit.  It is a place that could easily compete against restaurants in NYC, San Francisco, Chicago, Paris, or Tokyo but is thankfully right here in Birmingham, MI.The menu of FG draws upon the cuisine of France, the Iberian Peninsula, and Northern California which is understandable considering the Executive Chef, David Gilbert has done stints in each area (including the legendary French Laundry in Napa).  Not one to simply mimic the recipes of the region, Chef David deconstructs the cuisines, combines the flavors and what results is something decidedly new.Take for example Braised Pork Belly with Scallop tartare.  This dish is no longer on the menu for the simple reason that the menu changes according to season, but it does, however, illustrate my point.  Pork and clams is a classic Portuguese combination, often served as a stew.  What they did at FG, as the name suggests, is replace the clams with scallop tartare and braised the pork belly, then served them side by side with orange oil as opposed to stew form.  Each portion of the dish could stand alone, but when eaten together they evoke the flavor combination of the original dish but with heightened complexity and  depth of flavor due to the new preparations.  Cutting edge...Last evening marked the debut of the new autumn menu.  My appetizer was oxtail ravioli with roast bone marrow and truffle jue, my entree honey glazed duck with foie gras and sweetbread sausage.  Let us break down each.The oxtail, for those who have never eaten it, has a taste and texture unlike any other cut from the noble cow, due to a high collagen content.  If not done right, it can be very stringy and tough resulting in a heavy dish (when done right, it is a thing of beauty.  It is the protein of choice in a Filipino dish called kare-kare which is oxtail stewed in a peanut sauce.  The best way to get the oxtail tender for kare-kare is to cook it in a pressure cooker).  Add roast bone marrow to the mix and one might expect a dish that is egregiously heavy.  This just isn't the case.  The dish is light, flavorful, with the shredded oxtail retaining all it's glorious texture.  It was so good, my friend actually ordered it twice before ordering his entree.The honey glazed duck with foie gras/sweet bread sausage... simply the best duck dish I have eaten... not just at FG, not just this year, but EVER.  The duck breast was a perfect medium rare with the skin crispy.  The honey glaze very well balanced (not the cloyingly sweet hoisin glaze or orange sauce that seems to be the norm) and thankfully not poured over the duck for service.  However, it's the sausage that throws the dish into the realm of the transcendental.  Seriously, who would have the balls big enough to combine the richest fat on the planet with one of the most tender meat from the cow into tube form?  Why...Chef David would.  What results is a sausage that has a texture somewhat akin to a terrine and a deep, rich, dare I say, decadent flavor unlike anything I have ever eaten.  Cutting edge...Cutting edge doesn't just apply to the food.  The Sommelier/GM Mario Plaza has assembled a wine list that is as expansive as it is eclectic.  It is not, however, like any other wine list you would expect at a fine dining establishment.  At most places in the Detroit area with the reputation of being haute cuisine, one usually sees wine lists composed of mainly expensive wines with 3, maybe 4 choices that are more affordable.  Essentially, they are catering to the wine snobs, d-list wannabes and pseudo-hip, who believe the best wines are the most expensive.  It's the opposite at FG.  The best wine to serve, as paraphrased from Senor Plaza, is the one that complements what you are eating.  On many occasions he has paired my meals with wines that cost no more than $15/bottle and the results have always been glorious.  (I hear the collective gasp from the snob gallery as I write this)  Cutting edge...Forest Grill... my favorite restaurant.  Snobs be damned.
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2009,11/4/2009,6,69,2,12,4>I'm confused. My taste buds taste a GOOD quality pizza that is restaurant quality. But instead it's take-out pizza at an affordable price. WHA?!Fred's pizza is definitely the best carry-out pizza I've ever had, hands down. They use good quality ingredients, and they have a good variety of gourmet pizzas too.We tried the Chicago Stuffed pizza, and the Chicken Parmesan pizza. SO good!! Usually I don't like stuffed crust. It always sounds better than it actually tastes (like Pizza Hut's). But this was extremely tasty. No fake cheese here! The small Chicago stuffed pizza is pretty big, and extremely filling. It's more than enough for two people to share. Most importantly, they aren't afraid to hold back on the garlic. The chicken parmesan had the perfect amount of garlic. My Italian father is so excited about this pizza, and he's one hard person to please.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,11/3/2009,19,109,4,6,6>I seem to find this type of store in every city i live in, and i love all of them!i spent about an hour in the store on a lazy sunday afternoon, it was so fun. you can circle the store a few times and still miss half of what's on the shelves. totally eclectic, a lot of vintage finds ... you have to go with someone else so you can scream nostalgic sap at each other over the piles of toys and such!on my visit items purchased were: a car model kit from the 60's that was in great condition for $25, a tin rooster toy, a vintage pink ashtray, a mid-century magazine rack and a really really cool vintage mid-century lamp.the owner was great - not overbearing but helpful and the prices were very reasonable, i will be visiting often!
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,11/2/2009,172,189,5,6,9>I have to say I was surprised by how fast the action is in the rink.  These ladies are indeed hell on wheels.  A lot of them must be in killer shape.  The giant bad beer flowed like sweet elixer and I pretty much spent the whole time on my feet as I did not want to miss any action.  And it is held in one of the most beautiful buildings I've ever seen.If I had a daughter, I would totally take her to see some matches.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2009,11/1/2009,19,155,2,5,4>I was skeptical to say the least.  Pita pita?  Sounds like bad fast food (redundant, yes).  The outside looks shady, and like crap.  The inside is too bright and, when I went, it was almost vacant.Then we got the food.  Pita pita has some of the best middle eastern food I've had in A2, comparable to if not better than J-Garden, for one.  I liked the hummus and the yogurt salad, loved the fattoush, as others have seemed to, and all of the entrees were great.  I had the Stuffed Lamb with rice, which was some of the best cooked lamb I've had in a long time.  So tender, so yummy.I also tried the shish combo, and approve of all parts of it, especially the steak.  My friend had the chicken shwarma plate and said it was great.  The baklava was, well, standard baklava, which is to say absolutely delicious, and the Turkish coffee is as good as I've had it.  Yeah, we like to eat.The prices here were pretty reasonable, and the lunch sandwiches looked really cheap and are probably good as well.  Check this place out, please.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2009,10/31/2009,71,149,5,12,9>Did you ever notice that the best restaurants are the little mom and pop type diners that have been there forever; but, not too many people know about it?The M and M cafe is a quiet, hidden gem of a cafe.  As soon as you enter the restaurant you feel the warmth, and if you are a regular don't be surprised if you are greeted by your first name and a smile.The menu is perfect and simple.  It's just good quality, fresh food cooked up with T.L.C.  The owners are Italian and Middle Eastern and it reflects in the food.I ordered my favorite dish: Grilled Vegetables and Chicken Kabob with Hommous and Almond Rice...I know it sounds simple, but the way they saute, season and grill the vegetables and chicken makes it so mouthwatering...it's hard to stop eating even when you're full, if I hadn't been on a date, I probably would have licked my plate clean.  Yes, it's that DAMN good!
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2009,10/30/2009,134,652,3,4,5>I typically stick to my rule about going east of I-275 to eat.  Nothing against folks living or the nice restaurants east of I-275, I just find that all the things I needed are within greater Ann Arbor area....  now, I'll have re-evaluate my rule...I went to Slow's Bar-BQ with friends.  Park on the street, expect long delays to get tables.  We waited about 40 minutes for table for 9 people.  I like their 'U' shaped bar, they have opened the patio as of Mon, 5/4.  They do take reservations, but very limited spots available.Once we got seated, we ordered our food.  To feel less guilty, I ordered house salad.  Thereafter, I tried all the BBQ sauces and my favorite is the sweet and the one that doesn't have label on the bottle.  When it comes to sauces, especially BBQ Sauce, I'll go through the entire bottle on my own, in one sitting.I ordered the Combo - 1/2 rib and Briskets.  For sides I ordered coleslaw, mac-n-cheese and waffle fries.  I traded one of my ribs for taste for pulled pork and chicken from my friend.  I love their mac-n-cheese; highly recommend it!!  I enjoyed the brisket, it was tender and juicy.  I loved their pulled pork as well, it was tender and juicy and with the BBQ sauce... YUM-O!!!  I was not a fan of the pulled chicken... nothing against it, but when it comes to BBQ - I'm all about beef and pork!  The baby back rib was good.  The ribs I got were little dry, but after bathing the ribs in the sauce, it was awesome.  Would I go back? Heck Yeah!  While I've had good ribs outside of MI, within the state, I would recommend this place for folks to give it a try!  It has my two thumbs up of approval :)
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,10/29/2009,7,47,,4,3>I've been meaning to try Kalamata Greek Cafe and finally made it there this evening.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect... I guess more coney island style but I was pleasently surprised when I walked in the door. Modern decor, bistro/cafe style seating and a well organized menu board.  The girl behind the counter was right there when I walked in and offered a hello. I perused the menu and settled on a greek salad (sans onions, always) and a spinach pie.  Adding a drink brought the total to an even $9. Not bad at all. I watched the guy start making this gigantic salad and though maybe someone ordered a party size ahead of me. Uh... nope, that was all mine.  By the time I walked to the soda machine, my order was complete and waiting for me. I picked up my tray and settled into a small bench to enjoy what appeared to be a nice looking salad and tasty triangle of spanakopita.The salad was really good; really fresh ingredients, a good amount of olives and feta, firm tomato wedges and a mixture of iceberg and romaine lettuce - the dressing was a little too vinegar-ey for my tastes but I'm picky.  I definitely couldn't finish that entire salad (next time I'll get the 1/2 size) but it was soaked with dressing (should have said on the side) so I just tossed the rest. Spinach pie was good - a lot less greasy than the pie I love from Kerby's - a little small for $2 though.All in all, Kalamata seems to have a good thing going.  Hopefully they can keep it up. Totally delish!Next time I'll take the suggestion and try the saganaki... opa!
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2009,10/28/2009,56,309,4,10,7>Maybe it was the sunshine, maybe the company, but I haven't felt this close to nature since 1990 when I went Whitewater Rafting in West Va, and our raft guide, Chuck, dubbed "the wild child" (I think it was self imposed)--delivered home made Moonshine to our campsite at dusk. Maybury has well groomed trails for hiking, terrific paved trails, and equestrian trails if you feel like riding.  They have a plethora of picnic areas, and tons of little inlets off of the paths where you can stop your activity and just hang out with the sun on your face.  A bonus is the sweet caterpillar monkey bars back toward the oak picnic area.  Plus, clean bathrooms with vending machines outside, just in case you are a soda pop addict, and can't find your way out to get your fix. You need a state park pass to enter.  They are only $25 for the year, and think about how many parks there are in Michigan!
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,10/27/2009,30,103,3,3,5>For Detroit, this is as good as it gets.  They have an impressive selection.  My dad is from Malta, and they even have a couple Maltese beers.  They don't have every possible spirit you could possibly imagine, but they defininately provide an impressive selection of beers, wines, and liquors, as well as some food items.I would like to see more European liqueurs, but this is Detroit, not New York or London!    The selection is very good, and their service is fantastic.  If they don't have something, they will take your number and check with a supplier to see if they can get it... and they actually call you after they have checked.  (It is a sad world that we live in that I am amazed by this.)If you like to drink, and I do, you will love this place!P.S. There is also a location on the east side in GP on Mack, but they are not as good as the Dearborn location.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2009,10/24/2009,60,86,1,6,5>It's been too long since I gave in and got new glasses (7 or 8 years!), so I recently started the search for a good local optometrist. Briefly, I considered buying frames online, but I didn't like not being able to feel them before buying. I also looked for referrals from friends and got a few leads that way. There's one designer I found online whose frames I really liked, but they were out of my price range.In the end, my search brought me to Crane Optical in Ferndale. A friend referred me, but qualified it by saying their selection wasn't monstrous. I can deal with that. If I didn't find something I liked, I'd just get the exam, find frames elsewhere and then have Crane fill them.As a lifelong wearer of glasses, I've had some unpleasant experiences with optometrists. Some are too quick, some don't care, some don't really listen to you. And some take their time, pay attention, and listen to what you have to say. Dr. Crane is of the latter variety. I always have problems with the diopter and can never decide - "1 or 2, 2 or 1, which is better, better or worse, better or worse?" He assured me that he uses three different methods to find the best prescription for his patients. And it worked!Crane Optical's selection of frames is not enormous, it's true. But, I still managed to find at least five different frames that I liked. I suppose it just depends on what you're looking for, really.The staff is courteous and helpful. When I went in to pick up my new glasses, the doctor came out to fit them. That's unusual, as far as I'm concerned. I don't know if he always does it, but I like that he did it. Typically, in the past, it's been one of the other people on the staff who handles that part of the experience. In the end, I'm very satisfied with my experience with Crane Optical and recommend them.
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2009,10/23/2009,28,93,2,4,3>Let's be honest - this is Ann Arbor, Michigan.  This is not Texas, Missouri, Tennessee, or the Carolinas.  BBQ here is clearly not going to be as good as it will be down south, but considering this is Michigan, Smokehouse Blues does a pretty damn good job.A quick rundown of what I've had here:Ribs, dry rub (no sauce) - delicious, with a very strong smoky flavor.  You can tell that these have spent a lot of time in a smoker, both from the flavor and the pink color of the pork.Pulled pork - also excellent and really flavorful.  Quite a bit better than I expected it to be.Beef brisket - fairly disappointing. This was tough and dry, and is definitely worth skipping over.Mac 'n cheese - nice and tasty, with a subtle flavor that I couldn't quite put my finger on.Fried okra - I can't say that this was any better/worse than it is anywhere else.  To me, fried okra is pretty much the same no matter where I go, and it's always delicious.Each table has three bottles of BBQ sauce, and I've really just focused on the hot BBQ sauce.  It's good, and while it has a little bit of kick to it, it's really not that hot.  There's also a sweet BBQ sauce and (I think) a non-sweet, non-hot BBQ sauce.Again, Smokehouse Blues doesn't compare to BBQ in the south, but I'd be surprised to find better in the Ann Arbor area.
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2009,10/22/2009,37,131,9,8,7>When I first moved to Ann Arbor, I was 3 months out of undergrad and drank mostly margaritas....so, all I knew about beer was that you should be embarrassed to ever order something like a Miller Lite in an actual, real, beerful bar.  But I also didn't know what I should be ordering instead.  Luckily Ashley's had several ciders that I stuck to on those first visits, so I could enjoy my ultimate grilled cheese sandwich without fear of humiliation. Since then, I've returned periodically, though never regularly.  I came here one day in December more than a year ago when a far away friend was undergoing scary surgery, and took comfort in a double chocolate stout (which has since become my favorite Ashley's treat) and again, that grilled cheese. On another (indulgent) visit, I had the grilled cheese, the double chocolate stout (creature of habit?  I can't get it anywhere else!) and a Guinness float (yes, with ice cream)--yummy!Took my younger brother and his friend here when they were in town for the AA film festival last year, and they were impressed, overwhelmed, and amazed by the beer list.  I had the grilled cheese.In fact, I think I've had that tasty grilled cheese every time I've come, except for this past Friday.  We were there for a goodybe party for yet another friend leaving town (:( ) and I decided to mix things up by ordering the Georgia Reuben.  Warning!  It's supposed to have Russian Dressing on it, but in fact it's Thousand Island.  Which would be fine for most people, but not so much for me, Rebecca "Hold the PIckles" W.   The pickle bits throughout my entire sandwich were an unexpected, not-so-awesome surprise. This was my first Ashley's visit since September, and I thought I might have a better handle on the beer than I did back in my ignorant days--I've grown so much in the last year or so, from "I don't know what beer I like" to "I like ALL beer."  But the list was still intimidating!  So much so that SK invited the server to just pick a light, crisp beer for him.  I was holding my breath (one of my father's mantras is NEVER LET THE SERVER PICK THE BOOZE) and I was sure he was going to wind up with a $12 beer (he was less concerned: "if it's a $12 beer, I just won't have another one).  But I needn't have worried: the server picked something tasty for $4.50!  Thanks!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,10/21/2009,16,53,4,6,6>I like my ice cream with stuff in it. Cold Stone, I don't mind that you are part of the establishment-such is the price of stuff. But oh how I wish you were something that can never be: the mom and pop ice cream shop I remember as  kid.Ah yes, 1975. I remember the year well. A mere pup of 6. Not a worry in the world. Just enjoying the summers and stops at the soda fountain in the Fisher Building. The server knew my mom from shopping there. She knew my face. She knew I loved Boston Coolers if my dear mum was paying and that I liked a single scoop of chocolate if I was cruising solo while my dear mum shopped elsewhere (you could do that back then). I don't know her name, but I know she was always nice-with her words and her scooper!Lately I've been craving an old fashion ice cream joint. You know, nice people, exciting flavors, clean, cheap, and close to home. Like when I was a kid. CSC, while tops in my book for "stuffed" ice cream, is too sterile and planned hip to be "that" place.That all changes today when I stumbled upon my ice cream nirvana in a little dessert temple called Clark's. They have all the dairy and non-dairy treats you could want: shakes, malts, coolers, sundaes, floats, yogurt, sorbet, and sherbet. In 1975 I stuck with Boston Coolers and chocolate as my core flavors. Now coffee is the only flavor I have eyes for. Clark's has it and a bunch of other flavors I'll leave to the fam. Pile on nice people, a spotless shop, free water, and lots of seating. Clark's, you are my new found fountain of youth!
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,10/20/2009,40,168,3,6,4>Yummy, yummy, frigging fabulous!!Someone described this place as a smoky hole in the wall.  So I was surprised when I walked in and found it to be a small sports bar.  I expected it to be dirty, but it was clean and well taken care of.  So maybe I am confused about what a hole in the wall really is... We ordered pizza, of course.  But they were having $5 specials on their apps that night (NFL game nights I believe), so we got a dozen wings too.  They were really good!  Service was friendly and attentive (they weren't too busy though, so maybe it is different when they are packed).  The pizza was really good, and relatively inexpensive.  Only a few dollars more than a 'Hot n Ready', yet obviously much better quality.  I think we paid 10 bucks for a Lg 1-topping.  My only complaint is that is could have used a little garlic, and it was pretty greasy.  But their ranch dressing is fabulous!  Yum!  We will definitely be going back on a regular basis.  They have good deals and it's a great place to go and catch a game.  (Lots of TV's, and they had football and baseball on when we were there)
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,10/19/2009,72,204,5,5,5>When I first moved to the west side, I passed Knight's and never really knew what it was. Hmm... darkened windows... big chess-piece for a sign... loaded parking lot. To be honest, I thought it was the most under-publicized strip-club ever. However, eventually somebody turned me on to the fact that it was a restaurant. And a good one. Nothing fancy there - decor will remind you of family dining as a child (that is, in the 70s) and the waitresses are usually around your mother's age, and usually they'll call you "Hon." The food is also reminiscent of childhood, with family-style dishes and amazing steaks (from Knight's own butcher shop, of course). This is an Ann Arbor local hangout, with the stiffest drinks in town, to boot. All I'll say is this... don't knock it if you haven't tried it. If you try it, I guarantee you'll be back. (and if you are one of those folks who needs avante-garde cuisine, just don't go, eh? this is our fav local place - don't ruin it...) :)
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,10/18/2009,21,32,5,10,6>Best deal for Japanese food in metro Detroit - by far!I go there often and have never had a bad meal. The bento box is a great deal at 10 bucks. The noodles and soup are also great.There is a waiter there who is really funny and always acts rude to my friend and I who go there for lunch. He's always like "how was your meal - you better have liked it?" and I'll say "it sucked, I don't want to pay" and he'll say "then why you licking plate?" - good point.Bit of trivia for you - it's actually owned by an Iranian guy who used to be the chef at the Cherry Blossom. He and his crew run a great restaurant and I've heard from numerous Japanese folks (including my wife) that this place is the real thang. They have a cabbage/pork stir fry for like 7 bucks that is amazing. The dumplings kick ass and the sushi is good and moderately priced. It passes the Clay C. ethnic food litmus test, which is simple - a restaurant must be frequented by the enthic group it supposedly serves the food of. If a Japanese restaurant is never frequented by Japanese, it ain't frequented by me either.Check this place out. Great food. Professional service. Always busy and always fresh. You might have to wait a while, since it is busy, but I can live with that.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2009,10/17/2009,86,521,2,9,6>I hear that Belle Isle today has slid from the peak of its glory, but it's still a really cool park. It's huge, so even on a sunny June day, there was enough room to host all the picnickers and plenty of open parking spaces. It wasn't a bad drive from Ypsilanti at all and was relatively easy to find and navigate once you're on the island.We were meeting friends there for a picnic baby shower and had a really good time. We retreated from the sun under a pavilion, watched some folks playing cricket in another area nearby and enjoyed veggie burgers grilled on one of the park's grills.Great view, free entry, pretty well kept up though a little rough around the edges, great sense of history. I'd like to go back and check out the Dossin Great Lakes Museum.
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2009,10/16/2009,9,26,7,5,5>I'm performing a national comparison of biscuits and gravy (meaning that whenever and wherever I see them on the menu, I order them). Therefore I ordered them at the Emory. Here are my less-than-scientific notes:* The gravy was lightly brown, indicating that it was made from actual pan drippings (a good thing).* The gravy was bland to my taste, but this was easily rectified by the addition of salt and pepper at the table. Black pepper in sausage gravy is really mandatory.* Gravy could have used a few more chunks of sausage.* One more note on the gravy -- it didn't seem to be a cooked flour gravy, which is the standard recipe for sausage gravy. It was thickened with cornstarch, as evidenced by its rather glossy appearance. However, it was not done badly! I have seen cornstarch used with much less finesse at some Asian restaurants.* The biscuits were (in my best sportscast voice) HUGE. One biscuit was probably the equivalent of two, so the three were equal to six. I brought two home. They were also yummy. It was their size that limited the amount I could eat, not their density.It's a nice breakfast. The restaurant also seems to be following what appears to be the latest bar trend in Ferndale:  the addition of breakfast hours and menus. At least, I know of at least two places that do so now. And the breakfasts are worth the visit.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2009,10/15/2009,43,82,1,8,3>While the selection isn't as great as the old location before the fire in Forest Arms, Brad Hales gets mad props for dusting himself off and reopening in a much more visible location on Woodward. It takes time to restock 40- and 50-year-old records, so you have to cut them a break. Still, I've never walked out of People's without at least one record in hand. If you're looking for obscure R&B or Northern Soul 45s, this is the place to go. It's not uncommon to find people who've traveled from Europe to pour through the boxes of 45s that line the walls. It's also not uncommon to find great deals on hard-to-find LPs (found a copy of the UK-only Velvet Underground record "Squeeze" for $30 and UK pressing of "Five Live" by the Yardbirds for $10!). If you love vinyl, skip those other places in the suburbs and check out an audiophile's dream. Just watch out for the parking cops if you try to park on Woodward (safer bet is along Peterboro).
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,10/13/2009,40,84,5,12,7>I was looking for a moderately spendy night out for my first wedding anniversary with Dr. Wife, and settled on Chuck Muer's Big Fish in Dearborn. I'm happy to report that my experience was absolutely top notch. I've been coming to Big Fish for many years after having experienced some of Muer's other restaurants in Grand Rapids (Charley's River Crab) and St. Clair Michigan (The River Crab).The good experience began when we called in the reservation. They asked right up front if it was a special occasion, to which I replied yes. This translated to custom printed menus that said "Happy 1st Anniversary Dan and Vita!!" Might be a little kitschy but it was a really nice touch. My wife and I saved our menu. We started with the Tower of Shrimp, which featured traditional shrimp cocktail, stuffed shrimp wrapped in bacon and served with a jalapeno bbq sauce, and their buffalo shrimp with blue cheese coleslaw. Each of the different shrimp were very tasty and well prepared. The buffalo shrimp were especially good and the coleslaw offered a nice balance to the subtle warmth of the shrimp.From there, I had the seafood chowder, a very pleasant blend of salmon, potato, crab and other goodies from the sea. Very tasty and well portioned. They also served some really warm and buttery rolls and a fantastic salmon pate. Then came the main event - a good sized lobster tail with butter, fresh veggies and rice pilaf. It was prepared perfectly. The meat was incredibly tender and very sweet. It was every bit as good as I've had on the coast. Dr. Wife opted for the Crab, which was also very well prepared. We finished up our meal with a crème brûlée. It was among the best I've had in quite a while. And while the food was excellent, the service was what helped make this meal truly memorable. Our server, Nicole, was very attentive, knowledgeable about the menu and took the time to really be sure we were enjoying our anniversary. She appropriately paced the meal, was quick to refill our wine glasses with the delicious Cakebread Sauvingnon Blanc  that we paired with our meal and really made the night a special one. The manager also made a special effort to stop by and wish us a happy anniversary and to make sure we had been taken care of. Absolutely a fantastic meal and topped all other experiences I've had at Big Fish. I'd go here for a special occasion again.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2009,10/12/2009,29,57,6,9,7>My husband dragged me here with promises of "just looking," and I went with the mindset of a.) you won't get me on a scooter and b.) they're totally impractical.  How did my trip end?  With the purchase of a brand new baby blue Vespa!  I still don't fully understand how that happened, but I found the staff to be really helpful without being pushy salespeople.  Jason answered all of our questions without ever making me feel like an idiot or not cool enough for a Vespa (which honestly is how I assumed the interaction would go).  I love my new scooter and would highly recommend Scoot Around Town and Jason in particular for all your scootin' needs.
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,10/11/2009,252,310,5,8,7>Wow - where to start? My g/f and I just went here to celebrate our anniversary and I was VERY pleasantly surprised. This is a dim-lit and kind of swank but unpretentious hang-out, wining and dining, and live music lair. The crowd is in their 20s, 30s, and 40s and everyone is friendly to each other. They attract an eclectic crowd - a nice mix of urbanites and suburbanites of all ages and walks of life. You may want to call ahead and reserve a table because this place does get packed and lively in the evening to late nights. They are open until 2AM on Friday & Saturday nights!Let me start with the food of course. Items are split up into straightforward categories: "Light Fares" appetizers, "A La Carte" side dishes, and "From the Grill" main courses. We ordered a handful of the light fare dishes along with the oh so creamy, cheesy and delectable mac & cheese with a baked crust side dish. The Duck Confit on a buttermilk biscuit with strawberry jam was to die for. Moist, tasty pieces of seasoned duck - on a wholesome oven fresh, warm biscuit with cranberry jam. It was like a taste of breakfast, brunch and dinner all in one bite. Yummy! The Oysters Rockefeller came on huge shells with creamy spinach and did not disappoint at all. Each oyster slurped off of that shell made its way down my throat as I smiled in satisfaction. The Cider braised pork bellies may not sound appetizing to many - but let me assure you that this was one of the tastiest treats I've had in Detroit. This fatty piggy treat, garnished with apple sauce and potatoes was a definite winner. The calamari was pretty much just about the same as you'd find at many other places. I would recommend avoiding the calamari - as the other dishes I've mentioned here are more signature to this establishment.The only light fare my poor stomach did not have room for was the crispy frog legs! Next time, baby!The bar here is awesome and serves up whatever you'd like - with finesse. The staff is on point and they let you take your time with your food. This is a place to enjoy the live music - eat, drink and be merry! If you expect to be babysat by waitstaff - then this is probably not you kind of place.The only thing I was taken aback by here was that the live music was a Jewish folk/rock band that cranked some very Jewish influenced tunage. This is not a bad thing per se - but it got a little weird when some of the songs even playfully (if that's possible) referenced the holocaust. This was a bit awkward at first - especially as I was devouring my pork bellies - as I expected Motown Jazz - but I thought - hey, when in Rome! The music was still very deep and entrancing in a Matisyahu crossed with Fleetwood Mac kind of way! Perhaps this is a venue that gets local flavor in and mixes it up from time to time - but next time I will probably cross my fingers for some good ol' Motown and Rhythm & Blues. Apparently, the live acts they have here are typically oddball/off-the-wall acts and now that I've established that - I think I can get used to it! It's pretty neat actually!Anyhow - this was overall a place that a lover of drinks, awesome food, live music and loud conversation will appreciate. You can definitely make this a place where you hang out and drink and eat from about 10PM-1AM and just not notice where the time went. That's precisely how me and my g/f felt. We will definitely be going to Cliff Bell's again someday soon!*NOTE*  They do charge an $8 cover after 10PM on weekends when the live bands are in. This could fluctuate based on the night/entertainment.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2009,10/10/2009,107,357,2,11,9>Apple Charlie's! No one has reviewed this place yet?! Oh man!Apple Charlie's is an apple orchard that offers so many things besides apples. There's a main 'barn' where customers stand in lines to get the most delicious fresh mini donuts and warm cider. All around the barn, customers can also pick up fresh cakes, pies, breads and gallons of cold cider. The lines are usually sloppy and long so be sure to bring your patience. They charge for the smallest little cups, too, so it'd be smart to bring your own normal size cup. Once you buy your donuts and cider, you can go to the room next door and buy bagged apples and other trinkets in the gift area. If you want to enjoy your cider and donuts immediately, you can leave the store and go to the outdoor eating area... there's plenty of picnic tables to sit at and sometimes there's live entertainment as well. If you're on the search for the perfect pumpkin, Apple Charlie's offers pick your own pumpkins. I remember them cost .35 each pound. It's always fun to pick a pumpkin out and try to guess how much it weighs. During the Halloween season they also open the "Barn of Horror" although I can't comment on it since I've never gone through it. Kids seem to like it, though. If you like animals, you can visit and feed like rabbits, llamas, chickens, goats, and geese. You could also take a hayride through the orchards. All-in-all, Apple Charlie's is a great place to go for an afternoon of wholesome entertainment. To truly kick off the Fall season, you've got to visit.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2009,10/9/2009,39,100,4,9,3>As a new parent, I was a bit concerned about bringing our baby to the bar, no matter how nice and smoke-free it was advertised as. Luckily, the Jolly Pumpkin was a wonderful surprise as both a new restaurant and a pretty laid back, friendly place.Let's get the "baby in the bar" part of this review over real quick: we came down to meet friends, we weren't tying one on, and this place isn't exactly the 8-Ball. It's a family-friendly brew pub that was incredibly polite and helpful when it came to managing a 2-month old baby. If you're a parent on the fence about going here, don't sweat it, they couldn't have been cooler about it.As I arrived I was introduced to some kind of dip/hummus plate (I didn't get a chance to get the official name) which had an edamome-based hummus that was totally great. I didn't have a chance to try much beer, but the Stout was decent and the people around me seemed to like some of the other home brews more. My wife and I split the truffle pizza, a delicious blend of goat cheese, creamed mushrooms, arugula, and a thin, crispy crust (my favorite kind). It was an instant winner, the kind of beer-friendly snack food that suddenly turns into a meal because you can't stop eating it. I have to admit that the best thing I tried here was not food or alcohol; the basil limeade might sound straight-up weird, but it's a "can't miss." Seriously, take fresh-squeezed limeade and add basil and you've got the most awesome flavor combination I've tried in a while. If you go here and don't try the basil limeade, you've missed the secret weapon on the menu.The service was really good, the parking was typical Main Street parking (for you out-of-towners, that means "sucky"), they were busy but not obnoxiously busy, and the look and layout of the place was conducive to friendly table-to-table conversations AND private group seating, depending on your mood.I've only got one visit under my belt but it was a winner, and you can bet I'll be back sooner than later.
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2009,10/8/2009,81,83,3,8,3>I am telling you if you love Thai... then you HAVE to come here. You also should come here is you have a love for LARGE Portions and well... a clean restaurant LOL!!! I eat here every Tuesday and have a severe "Pad Thai w/ chicken addiction" I have had lots of Thai, lots of "spicy Chinese passed off as Thai" I have had. This place is different, it is more authentic, there is FLAVOR (get that crazy concept) with the HEAT, not just HEAT. I will get about three large meals out of one order, and love the spice tray they have complied for those people who love to bring the heat like myself. Nice cheap place to get some good eats & and a fried banana :)... and lunch for two days.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2009,10/6/2009,101,180,5,7,6>I've been to the Cove and lived to tell the story.First off, I apologize for any spelling errors that may occur.  I opted for one of their margaritas, and well, wow!  I think I got drunk off my first sip.I had the bacon cheeseburger and onion rings, and they do not disappoint!  Hearty burger, onion rings were cooked the way I like them (not too soggy, not too crispy), and did I mention the margaritas?And who wouldn't love a place with christmas lights hanging from the ceiling?  The tables are fun too, glass top with sand and seashells.  From the outside, the place looks like a shack, and the inside is dark and a little cramped, but if you go there when it's not busy, you won't be disappointed.  Especially if you try a margarita ;)
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2009,10/5/2009,34,50,5,5,5>Cafe Via is pretty good.  I would come here again, especially when it's warm out--there's outdoor seating in a lovely courtyard.  Anyway, my boss--who loves to eat (that's why we're kindred spirits!)--wanted to try this place out today and who am I to turn down free lunch?  Right.  So we go here at lunchtime and there's a 1/2 hour wait!  I don't think that's necessarily a bad thing, especially for a new restaurant. I can deal with waiting for a bit because I enjoy the ambiance of a busy restaurant and kind of hate dining in an empty restaurant.  Empty restaurants give me the creeps!  We decided to eat at the bar in lieu of waiting for a non-bar table to open up.  Before sitting down at the bar, we took a look around at the restaurant and you know what?  I really like the way they (whoever "they" are) decorated the place--particularly the floor to ceiling book shelves filled with...wait for it...books (aside: I'm not sure if the books were real--they kind had a fake look to them).  Bonus points for high ceilings and good lighting, too!  p.s. don't you just hate harsh, offensive lighting?! I know I do.   As for the food--not the best I've had but pretty good!  I had the grilled flatbread sandwich with brie, tomato and arugula and a glass of cab.  It was good, but didn't knock my socks off.  For dessert I had chocolate creme brulee and it was pretty awesome (but I've never met a creme brulee that I didn't like).  The bartender was cool--he was attentive without being overly-attentive, know what I mean?  Struck up a little bit of conversation (as a good bartender should) but knew when to leave us alone.  Overall, good place.  I would come here again.
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2009,10/4/2009,38,71,2,17,8>It is not often that I will give a 5-star review to a soul food restaurant, but I must admit this one really has their act together. This restaurant has just about everything any respectable soul food restaurant would serve, and, for the most part, they keep everything stocked and ready. I have never experienced a long wait for anything, and the people who work there are always speedy, polite, and courteous. I happen to be a big fan of the Smothered Pork Chops and the Roast Beef, but I would also recommend their turkey.In addition to a vast array of main courses, they have quite a selection of sides. When I went this past Sunday, I ordered the Candied Yams and the Turnip Greens, and I must say that I have no complaints about either. In the past, though, I have also enjoyed their Green Beans, Lima Beans, Macaroni and Cheese, and their Dressing; all of which were pretty decent (Fair warning: the Macaroni and Cheese has quite a bit of pepper in it, which, in my opinion, neither adds to nor deletes from the quality of the dish).Now, a few words about this establishment: first, Motor City Soul Food has been known to stop traffic on both W. Seven Mile and Meyers. So, if you happen to be in the area, be careful driving around this restaurant. Second, parking in the lot is fine, if and when you can get a parking space. This has only happened to me once, and I have been several times. So, brushing up on your parallel parking skills would be a good idea if you plan on going. Third, do not be discouraged by the line inside. Though it may be long, they make every effort to move the crowd quickly. I have never waited more than 20 minutes on any visit. Unfortunately, though, I do not know of a time of day, nor a day of the week, where the lines are short. A little planning would be in order if you plan to visit Motor City Soul Food.
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2009,10/3/2009,56,141,4,4,4>The perfect combination: Italian bread with a perfect crust, delicious Ligurian pesto, sun dried tomatoes, handmade mozzarella cheese and all-natural chicken breast -- now that's a sandwich!!!  Mmmm mmmm mmmm.The hardest part now is venturing out beyond the brilliant perfection of Benno's Birdie.Come here also for a great cheese to serve at a party (or just to eat), yummy breads (ooh ooh chocolate sourdough!), teas, candy bars (Zzang!), jam, etc. etc. etc.  I know, I know $12 - $15 for a sandwich?!?!  Look at it this way.  You are getting the BEST ingredients... not to mention the size of the sandwiches are so huge that I always take 1/2 home for another meal later.  That's gotta count for something!  I personally don't mind spending more to have better -- remember, often, you get what you pay for.Mmm, I am craving another Benno's again...
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,10/2/2009,135,218,2,5,4>Let me preface this by saying that I am not a reader of comic books.  Closest I get is the small collection of Calvin + Hobbes books I have still from when I was a kid (still read them, still hilarious).  Nor have I jumped into the world of mangas, though the illustrations always strike me as super cool.  SO, according to the above, it's funny that I've already bummed around VoM a few times on my lunch break.  It's just a cool store.  Love the local zines and publications, the quirky stuffed animals, the bright colors, the hip staff.  I called a few days ago about a graphic novel I'd read about online and wanted to check out; sure enough, they have it and even offered to hold a copy for me.  Super nice.  I can imagine kids and comic people totally geek out over this place, which is awesome.  I'm a huge fan of geekery in all forms.Super cool, super nice, SuperMAN would be proud to find his comics among the heavily stocked shelves at Vault of Midnight.  Long live the local book(/comicbook)store!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,10/1/2009,191,72,5,6,6>See Melody B.'s review, because we used to go here on our lunch break when it was Eph McNally's.I remember Greg Mudge always waited on us, and now he owns the place. He rocks!!I'm one of those people who doesn't get too adventurous with my sandwiches; I usually just pick a meat, a cheese and a bread with mayo. But, even though I myself don't order the amazing concoctions Mudgie's has on their menu, I know everyone else loves 'em. And even I am blown away by the sheer number of choices.Also, I have deep deep love in my heart for any place that dares (gasp!) to actually roast a real turkey to slice for their turkey sandwich. Turkey roll (or roast beef roll, or any meat roll) is disgusting! Only the real deal!Mudgie's decor is super cute, they only serve fresh, homemade stuff (beef stew, I LOVE YOU!) and their selection of local chips, sodas and condiments is admirable.ps. I attended a party at Orchestra Hall a few months ago and I remember the food being amazing! Then I saw Greg Mudge and told him I loved my first Mudgie's experience, which was earlier that day. He replied, "Well, this is your second!!" Mudgie's had done the delicious catering for the event!! SO GOOD!
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2009,9/30/2009,52,123,11,9,11>Back in the day there was Farrah, Jacklyn or Kate and people debated who's hotter? Then came Christy, or Cindy? Then Cheryl, Kathy, Elle, Tyra and Heidi? Jennifer vs Courtney? Ginger vs Mary Anneand don't forget Danica vs the Go Daddy Girl Now it's Megan Fox   or...  or...  or...  or...  or... Sorry, lost my train of thought. Oh yeah, I was getting to another comparison. A Taqueria comparison of Los Altos vs Mi Pueblo... which one is hotter? So now I find another Detroit Mexicantown favorite and it's really getting hard for me to eat at Suburban Gringo Mexican restaurants anymore. Mi Pueblo is larger and a bit more upscale in decor that Los Altos. And it also has a liqueur licence, which means I could be in Margaritaville along with my Chorizo Enchiladas, which I don't think I can do anywhere outside of Mexicantown. But the new taste sensation for me was the Tinga de pollio Enchilada. Spicy marinated chicken that required no salsa to snap my taste buds to attention.  Mi Delicious... And speaking of Salsa, I was slightly disappointed in the Salsa offered at Mi Pueblo. Seemed kind bland by comparison to the Chips & Salsa platter served at Los Altos. But that's OK, still much better than salsas served in many suburban gringo mexican restaurants.  So, which one is hotter? Well, with all the hot dishes mentioned here, I've come to the conclusion that I don't need to choose. Why not enjoy them all?
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2009,9/29/2009,45,114,5,10,7>This is a locally owned sub shop that may be familiar to the Ford employees and other Dearborn employees nearby. The bread is what keeps me coming back. Its soft, while holding its bite underneath a saucy sandwich. When your order is passed down to the grill person, be ready to yell out any quick adjustments, 'more green pepper, add some italian dressing' just about everyone does this. The chubby chicken is a popular order. With all the veggies and cheese it is a filling meal.  I have had the BLT sub which I noticed they put the bacon in the deep fryer ( GASP! my heart) but it was Really Good. I will put it on my 'order this only once a year' list. The italian is great, there are 6 kinds of custom spices like Garlic Spice, Cayenne, Lemon Pepper so you can season up your sub the way you like it. Order the same sandwich twice and the cashier will remember your order next time you come in. I love staff with an awesome memory.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,9/28/2009,15,82,4,6,4>Who knew?!?! In the middle of White Lake, there is an absolute gem of a bakery! I will admit that I have yet to sample their cupcakes, but it's on the short list of things to do before April is upon us! This morning I had a milk chocolate covered apple. Now, I am not a fan of Granny Smith apples. Not even a little bit. Like, I would rather lick the bottom of my work shoes than eat a GS. I just don't feel like I should eat an apple that tastes like I imagine the poison apple from Snow White tasting. It's one of the very few things in the produce world that I will opt out of if given a choice. But today, I have been converted! The rich and creamy chocolate enrobed the apple like a wonderful layer of pure heaven. The apple itself was crisp and not too sour. The combination was pure ecstasy. Seriously. There were a plethora of other treats to choose from. I think that I chose the apple because I wanted a true test of fortitude. I know, I am a bit nuts, but let my tell ya, I will be back here again, and again and again. Also, there are occasional booths set up at Eastern Market! You can get your samplin' on without having to make the trip to White Lake! Score!
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,9/27/2009,25,94,,4,2>All the other reviews have said it, but I'll say it again.  Amazing.  Simply amazing.This is what all restaurants should strive for.  As I sat and ate I mentioned that I wished I could eat there every day until I tried everything on the menu.  It all looked incredible.Walking in, we were expecting someplace kinda fancy, but we were pleasantly surprised by it's casual, yet very classy, vibe.  We heard they had an outdoor roof seating area which we went up to look at, but it didn't look that great...however, the indoor upstairs seating was perfect.  Imagine a total hybrid of a coffee shop and California style bistro.  Half tables/chairs, half sofas/coffee tables...great atmosphere.We started with the "Dip of the Day" which happened to be red pepper hummus served with their homemade flat bread.  We almost licked the bowl when the bread was gone.Then, I had the "Cut of the Day" (their menu changes often with the seasons and the best available foods, if you can't tell), which is a cut of free range certified organic local Michigan beef.  I was excited because I hadn't eaten meat in a restaurant in quite a long time so I asked the waitress to describe the day's cut.  Unfortunately, it wasn't quite what I was looking for (cowboy ribeye with blue cheese and fried onion rings).  She quickly asked me how I'd like it prepared and I gave her a custom order.  The chef cooked it to perfection in the way I wanted it (mushrooms, sauteed onions, with a side of tomato based sauce) and it was brilliant.  They truly aimed to please (and to get me to order the $28 steak!)When it came to dessert, we moved away from our traditional table to the nearby sofas and coffee tables (see photos) and ordered coffees to start.  Normally I wouldn't rave about coffee, but it was damn good.Now, let me say I've had cheesecake from ALOT of places, including the famous Stage Deli cheesecake in New York City.  Hands down, no question: This was the best cheesecake I had ever tasted.  Cinnamon crust, fresh raspberries and blueberries on top...I never wanted it to end.  We ate it ridiculously slow just to savor it.If I lived closer, I'd eat here quite often.  I can't say enough good about what they're doing (serving local, certified organic, quality foods) or the quality of their food.If you're in the area, don't miss it.  Go eat there NOW!
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2008,9/26/2009,103,152,2,8,6>Yeah Baby!!!  The secret is getting out about Ernie's Market.  His sandwiches are out of this world!I first learned about Ernie's from a Fox2 TV story.  It's really well done and I would highly recommend watching this video, because it's Ernie's personality and zest for making sandwiches that is a very great part of the whole experience.  Here's the link:tinyurl.com/6ccoh6At Ernie's there is not even a sign outside to tell you there's fresh sandwiches being made inside.  People just know.  This little store is tucked inside a cozy little neighborhood and takes you back to the old days.  I was told by Ernie that he has been making sandwiches for over some 60 years, and his father and grandfather also worked there.  You can choose a 1 meat sandwich for $3, a 2-meat sandwich for $4 or a 3-meat sandwich for $5.  The "signature" sandwich is the 3-meat club sandwich.  What a gem this is... watch Ernie smile and holler about "giving you the love, baby!" as he puts the masterpiece together.  My fiance and I each got this club.  The weight of the two together was about 3.75 pounds so you can imagine how BIG these sandwiches are!One thing I really appreciated was how nice and genuine a person Ernie is.  If you watch that video I linked, he is just like that.  So upbeat and enthusiastic you can't help but smile.I highly recommend Ernie's, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2009,9/25/2009,21,70,5,6,5>Last Saturday, with the NCAA final four underway in the big D, I thought at the last minute it would be a good time to check out the Redford Theater's bi-annual 3 Stooges Festival (Thanks again for the heads up, Yelp!). I called ahead to try to get some parking info but, the prerecorded message mentioned nothing of it. It did say to come early for this event. That was a luxury I didn't have, unfortunately, being a last minute decision. Getting there was also hampered by the inane directions provided by Google which not only sent me a mile further north than necessary but also sent me through a stop and go construction zone on 7 mile. To Google's credit, it did provide me with a satellite view that revealed the apparent parking lots.We wound up parking in a lot behind the theater and walked about a block to it. The area is like much of Detroit and on the sketchy side, so practice safe pedestrianizing. The place was filled to capacity with Stoogeafiles. The popularity of an inexpensive night out at a historic theater shouldn't have surprised me. When you enter the lobby, after you get your ticket torn, you are greeted with a sprawling line that is for the cheap yet varied concessions. The lobby is made even more busy by the selling of 50/50 raffle tickets and souvenirs.We entered the theater to the recognizable strains of popular tunes on the theater's organ. The crowd 's attitude helped to set the stage (sorry--bad pun) with their clapping (and a few dancing) along to the music. Before the show started, general announcements were made and game scores were also provided. With the news that the Spartans were winning, people were as cheerful as could be expected.The shorts were thoroughly enjoyable. The crowd sounded as if they were seeing the Stooges for the first time. A woman across the aisle from us, God bless her, had a whooping laugh reminiscent of Goofy falling down a mine shaft. This definitely added to the overall fun-factor for the evening. The theater even showed an additional short because one short advertised didn't get to the them from the distributor.All in all, if you want a big bang for your entertainment dollar, look no further than the Redford Theater. You'll have a great time while supporting a non-profit gem. P.S.: I look dashing in my 3 Stooges t-shirt!
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2009,9/24/2009,215,177,5,6,5>Without Stormy Records, Michigan might as well be Dogpatch where record shopping is concerned.Stormy is the best independent record store in the area, no...in the state. The owners (Windy & Carl, amazing musicians themselves) possess supernatural music knowledge, and their store's eclectic vinyl and CD selection is a testament to that.  They are very nice and down to earth people and I love the conversations I've had with them whilst shopping or paying for my heavenly musical booty.They also have great deals on used CDs and vinyl. If you're not able to get down to Dearborn, you can order from them via their website.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,9/23/2009,121,284,4,7,8>I headed down tonight and WOW! I changed my flight to tomorrow morning because I was very excited to try this place based on reviews and pictures.As I walked in I told the ladies working, one I believe was the owner that I had read their reviews on Yelp!.  I'm not sure either lady really knew a ton about Yelp! so I gave my Blackberry to let them read the reviews.  They both seemed very excited and happy that people loved their food.  They did have a print out of Janelle's review which we matched to the one online.Now!What a great place to eat.  It wasn't so much that the chicken soup  starter was free, but it was delicious and comforting and simple.  I ordered the chicken tamale and one piece of chicken since that was the thing everyone raved about.  I honestly ate this food way too fast because I couldn't get enough of it and the portion was amazingly big. I honestly was done in about 5 minutes.  I spent a little over $7.00 for a very large chicken tamale dinner, chicken breast, chicken soup, desert, and a coke.  How can you not leave a good tip with prices like this and great service.  I could have easily split the meal and been somewhat content.  Very friendly and comfortable place.  I'm glad its a bit hidden because this place is great.I was in South America recently and it has the same feel which made me really happy.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2009,9/22/2009,91,123,6,7,9>I love shoes. I have a lot, I don't even want to try and count how many. However I still seem to need a certain shoe every season. :) So I spot these awesome 70's style wedge heels at City Style and they are a little out of my price range and so I just keep my eye on them waiting for them to go on sale. I go in the store one day and they are on sale! Yeah! I try them on and they fit, even better. Then the owner says "You can just have those." Me: "Um, what?" Owner: "They were in the display window and are faded on one side. I can't sell them. You can just have them." Me: "For free?" Owner: "Yeah" Me: "Thanks" (Thinking in my head, "H*ll Yeah!") They have a wide selection of all kinds of shoes, bags, accessories even some clothes. There is a small men's selection. There is also usually a coupon on the website so check that before you go.
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,9/21/2009,164,52,1,5,3>Because I'm cheap, I don't normally get massages even though I love them.  But my back has been giving me some constant pain, so I thought I'd try out Main Street Massage.  Their prices are fantastic, $65 for 60 minutes?  Sold!  It was a great experience.  The online booking is fast and simple.  Erin did a great job listening to what I wanted to get out of the massage and my massage perferences (harder the better!).  She has great rapor - knows when/what to say and when I'm in my relaxation/half asleep moments.  My back feels much better and I look forward to going back.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2009,9/20/2009,54,196,,5,3>This place looks like a factory on the outside, but it gets much better once you step through the door.  Yes, it's a little musty and dusty, but it's a used book store, for crying out loud! There are 4 floors crammed with books, which are organized by category.  The staff were very approachable.  I think I was asked about 3 times if I needed any help finding anything...not in an annoying way, but in a "can I help you find anything because this place is huge" type-of-way.  I literally killed 2 hours perusing just a few sections (cooking, psychology, and social work) of this massive collection. I was a little disappointed that the majority of their selection was about 10 years old, if not older.  Normally, this fine with me, but  it's not so great if you're looking for science books or are in a field which is rapidly changing.My most unique find? A 1938 book about Southern Italian folkways in Europe and America.  I can't wait to read it to gain insight into how a former historical period viewed immigration and assimilation.  Overall, this is a great place to go to spend a rainy afternoon when you have a few hours on your hands.While it's not quite so new and bright as Strand books in NY or Powell's in Portland, OR, it has a certain Detroit grittiness that is actually surprisingly charming.
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2009,9/19/2009,91,194,4,7,5>Here's the strange thing.  I've been going to this place for years, but given that there's just a sign on the outside that said "Duck" with a bunch of Chinese writing, I figured I'd never find it in the Yellow Pages.It took my sister (who lives in Boston) to send me the review of someone she knows:  Mags L.  How messed up is that?  It's such a small world.Let me get my opinion out of the way:  This place is the ONLY place I've seen of this sort outside of Chinatowns and Asia itself.  Do they serve up the best Chinese BBQ I've ever had?  Well, of course not, but it's pretty darn good.For those of you who aren't familiar with Chinese BBQ items:Roast Duck - With the skin that's slightly sweet and mildly crispy, the duck is soft and meaty.  For two people, half a duck will do.  Sometimes we even have a bit of leftovers for lunch the next day.Red-roasted BBQ Pork - I'm not entirely sure how to explain what this is (or even why it's red).  I just know that it's delicious.  I could ask my mom how to make this, or I could just continue to let others make it for me and just buy it.I'm sure they have other items, but I'm totally stuck on these two :)
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,9/18/2009,22,24,6,6,5>It's like walking into someone's house and being treated like family.  And not the dysfunctional kind.  They know everyone because you can't help becoming a regular.  Effie's baked goods are insane.  Her pineapple upside down cake, when it can be found, cannot be missed. I always end up buying her homemade bread to go.  They know how to cook an egg over-medium which is a rare find.The place is decorated with a lot of chicken memorabilia.  She started out with a few chicken themed items and now her customers keep bringing her chicken chochkies and she's overrun.  She's the kind of person you want to give a present to, just forget about the damn chickens.  Each one that shows up is just something new they have to dust.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,9/17/2009,99,529,4,5,2>Mon Jin Lau? Try Mon Jin WOW. My husband and I have a tradition of eating Chinese food on our anniversary so we decided to try Mon Jin Lau, as it's been on our To Try list ever since we moved here 10/08 and were driving by and I programmed it into our GPS favorites!I didn't make reservations because we were going to be there on a Tuesday night, and I didn't imagine it would be busy enough to require reservations. When the time came, we ended up eating earlier than originally planned (about 5:45 vs. 6:30) so the place was fairly empty when we walked in. We were seated right away and our waitress was there within a few minutes to take our drink orders. Normally I don't like waiting a few minutes because I just want a water, but since we were there celebrating, we were taking some time looking over the drink and appetizer menus. I desperately wanted to get some sushi because the choices were drool-inducing, but we were there for Chinese (remember, it's a tradition!) so sushi will have to wait for our next visit.I ended up getting a Sakerita (sake with margarita ingredients) and hubby got Sex With A Dragon (melon liqueur, Jagemeister, and something we can't remember)--they both came out quickly and both were delicious (see pic). That said, I am sure they are normal drink prices, but they were a bit high for my tastes (I think they were both $8-9). We wouldn't have ordered drinks if it wasn't a special occasion.We ordered the Pu-Pu Platter--a little expensive [for us] but we wanted to try a variety of things. The Bali Maki was amazingly medium rare and fall apart tender, the BBQ Ribs were bone-sucking good, the Crab Rangoon were so creamy and crab-tasting I could have eaten an entire plateful instead of just one, and the Fried Shrimp and Gyoza were not greasy at all and were very tasty. In short, it was all delightfully YUMMY. And presented nicely as well (see pic). But next time our appetizer will be strictly a plate of Crab Rangoon. The only slightly (and I do mean ever-so-slight) negative about the platter was that once you ate the Bali Maki off the hibachi grill, the remnants started burning so we had a faint burned smell wafting about our table. On the waitress' next pass, she came over with a tiny cup of water and asked if we wanted the flame extinguished, to which we eagerly responded yes. It would have been nice if we would have had the water to begin with, with instructions on how to use it if/when we needed/wanted it, but there is probably some safety regulation against customers dousing their own flames. :) But, not a big deal.I was thrilled with my Mongolian Beef and hubby thoroughly enjoyed his General Tso's Chicken (although it wasn't breaded or as sweet as I personally like it). And it came out right as we were finishing our appetizers--whether it was luck or planned I'm not sure, but it was nice. Also, be warned that rice is extra, although I forgot to check the bill to see how much extra it was. Next time I probably wouldn't get it, because the meal was good enough on its own without the rice. Pics of both dinners are uploaded, although hubby dumped rice all over his before he remembered to take a picture. The water glasses were very small AND filled with lots of ice, so for as much water as I drink during a meal, the refills came WAY too slowly, although I did get a few by a busboy. They were also good at clearing used dishes quickly.We opted for no dessert since we were stuffed already (and were taking home half of our dinners). I thought afterwards that we should have mentioned it was our anniversary and we might have gotten something for free! :)Our bill was brought fairly promptly and our card was taken within moments of us setting it down. So, all in all, a very nice experience. We were never rushed, the food was excellent, the service was great, and the atmosphere was pleasing (although it did start getting a little loud as the 7 o'clock hour neared and the restaurant started filling up). That said, if you are planning to eat around or after 7, I would probably make a reservation, just to be safe.We will definitely try to get back here--or at the very least, order sushi to go!P.S. This is apparently a good place to meet with someone if you are married and they are not. :) In the corner table next to us was an older gentleman wearing a wedding ring and a younger woman NOT wearing a ring, canoodling the entire time we were there. We almost wanted to tell them to get a room, but we refrained.
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,9/16/2009,48,55,8,9,10>This place is what converted me over to the snob I am today. Before eating here I was frequenting the more touristy spots on bagley (Xochi's, Mexican Village, Los Galanas). Being in between jobs I was working at some mindless warehouse gig, where the turn over rate was high, as was the amount of interesting characters you would meet. I soon came across a Rican girl who was quite fun to talk to. When she found out about my dining habits she was quite disappointed and directed me here.    I can not thank that girl enough. My girlfriend and I hit this spot up that pay day.    Now if you do not have someone with you who can atleast understand basic spanish ask for an english speaking waitress the best you can. I was saved by my girlfriend recollections of high school spanish and some finger pointing.     The decor is horrendous. Bright yellow everywhere, but it is still rather interesting. The service is good though, and they have those yummy mexican cokes and Jarritos (if you're not familiar with these mexican sodas try the tamarindo, it is quite good).     On to the tacos. It has been over 2 years since my first experience here but I remember it being like the doors of heaven open with all that glorious music blaring and light shining, and it then it all stops and someone passes a taco out and slams the door. They don't look like much, but they are very good compared to most any other tacos I had eaten pre-taqueria discovery.       A few notable differences between taqueria's and your run of the mill mexican joint. Tacos do not come fried, they come on corn tortillas that have been heated, instead of lettece and tomatos and cheese you get celantro and onions, they ussually offer more than one salsa option (a pico de gallo(for the weak), a salsa verde (earthy and spicy), and a "green one" which I think is tomatillo). You also get the option of whole beans instead of the refried variety (which I will never go back to unless I have to). For you spice lovers your meal is always served with a charred jalapeno and some raddish to quench the flame.    After trying a few more taqueria's they are all pretty similar. The stand outs at this one are the lack of fair skinned patrons, the language barriers, and the crazy decor.    Be warned though: if you are happy with your current mexican dining situation in southeast michigan do not eat here (or at any taqueria). It will ruin your view on all of your current favorites. From taqueria forth you will spend much more time driving for mexican.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2009,9/15/2009,76,179,3,9,7>Why haven't I heard of this place, like, 10 years ago!!!  For all of those who are suffering from the economy - hell, not suffering from the economy, for all those who want a healthier diet w/o the cost of healthy food choices! THIS IS IT!I came here with my godmother and mom about 2 weeks ago to select fruits and veggies for my bridal shower.  I was so impressed with the prices, selection, and quality of the fresh produce.  I knew I had to come here more often!So, just this past weekend I hosted a baby shower for 30+. and purchased all my fruits and veggies to serve for just $20. (including a 6lb watermellon!)yeah. holy crap!  5 ears of fresh Michigan corn = .991 bunch cilantro = .392.5lbs of fresh green beans = $2.10It's amazing!  and I also LOVE that they don't smother the fruits, apples, beans, etc. with nasty fruit wax for aesthetic.  The produce is superb already! Why ruin it?!LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,9/14/2009,182,276,4,7,6>This is the best old school traditional Italian restaraunt in Detroit.  I come from a traditional italian family and we grew up with fancy meals like this prepared by my mother and grandmother.  The antipasto tray, the tossed oil/vinegar salad, and the fruit/nut bowl after dinner are straight out of my childhood.  The entrees that are most memorable are the Shrimp Scampi and Veal Oscar.   The shrimp are huge, yet perfectly cooked, and the veal always fresh and tender.  The tableside flaming deserts, Macedonian, Bananas Foster, and Cherries Jubilee are artfully prepared and delicious.Finally, the tuxedo wearing waitstaff  is very attentive and accomidating.  You can even go there for a 1 hour business lunch if you alert the staff when you arrive.  I am drooling while writing this...  Must go Must go Must go.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,9/13/2009,33,105,8,7,7>Stop what you are doing... this is important: CUPCAKES HAVE COME TO DETROIT! Other places have tried. Other places have failed in one area or another. My biggest eatery pet peeve: poor service. Just Baked employees told us about the most popular flavors, their favorites, how often they change flavors, and dealt with our silly, excitedness over finding their bakery.My biggest cupcake pet peeve: DRY CAKE. You will not find this here. As Kelly B. commented upon eating the strawberry cupcake... it was so dense, it was heavy! YES! Great service, great prices (comparably to other cupcakeries), very tasty cupcakes.... yes, yes, yes! We deided that if we go back approximately twice a week, we will get to try all of the flavors as they rotate them and come up with new ones. The flavors are inventive but well thought out. Do yourself a favor and try these cupcakes. You will thank me. I will be here when you are ready.
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2009,9/12/2009,61,111,4,6,6>I am so lucky to live so close to such a lovely little market!!  I love cooking so I get pretty excited when I visit a store with such nice quality ingredients.  The produce is gorgeous and plentiful, the meats look amazing (haven't tried them yet, but if I need some meat this is where I'll buy it).  Plenty of nice quality other pantry staples too, like grains, salad dressings, etc.  FANTASTIC selection of cheeses!!!The best thing about Western Market, for my buck, is that they are locally-owned so they seem to be local-conscious.  If an item is available locally, or organic, or preferably both, they will offer it that way.  Wonderful selection of local & organic food.They seem to have a nice selection of wines, the prices for those weren't out of line.  They also have some microbrew beers (Michigan beers, of course) that we haven't been able to find in too many places; our favorite Michigan beer is Dark Horse Brewery and they stock it!I haven't tried the deli counter yet but the salads & soups look fresh and wonderful.  I will definitely post an update once I get the chance.Only potential drawbacks are: it is a grocery ONLY so you will not be picking up aspirin and hair dye and Ziploc bags like you can at Meijer.  It is a little spendy, but for good quality I don't mind.  I get overwhelmed and very overstimulated, I love it in there so much that I lose track of time and can never remember what I came in for!
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2009,9/11/2009,86,398,6,5,4>I can't believe that I've lived in Detroit for six years and it wasn't until this past week that I discovered Vince's. How was life even worth living before Vinces? Trey and Colleen, who honestly seem to know every good place worth eating at in the metro area took me to Vince's last friday night after we saw the new Star Trek movie at the Science Center. I said I felt like Itallian, but lamented the lack of good itallian places in Detroit.Well, they wisked me off in their car and just minutes later we were at Vince's (which is strangely located in a corner of Southwest Detroit where one would expect a tacqueria more than an authentic itallian place.In any event, we started off with the antipasto, which was a beautifully laid out platter of meats, cheeses, olives, and marienated veggies. It was six bucks per person but we got an order for two and it was enough for four people as an appitizer. The platter was served with a bottomless basket of freshly baked bread. It looked a bit like chibata, and tasted heavenly.Next we had salads, which come with the meal. By that time I was full and was quite grateful that Colleen and I were splitting an order of ravioli. Trey got the ravioli and pasta combination and our fourth person got pasta with pesto sauce. It all looked and smelled great. All the pasta was homemade and you could tell the difference. Wow. I was blown away.Not that we had a whole lot of room left, but the dessert menu was equally impressive. They have homemade canolis, tiramisu, lots of ice cream choices, and these chocolate covered gleto things that were just to die for. I got the spumoni and Colleen got this chocolate and rasberry gellato thing shaped in a star and covered with dark chocolate. Wow.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,9/10/2009,51,72,5,4,4>Do not go here if you have any health issues... or are concerned about your health. Otherwise, if you haven't been here and you live within 50 miles... I DO NOT know what is wrong with you! Blimpy's is the BEST burger in Ann Arbor. The meat is double grinded and melts in your mouth with meaty flavor. You might get yelled at if you don't know the ordering process but it is all part of the fun. Just watch someone in front of you who seems relaxed because they probably know what they are doing. Or, if your a "good" friend... just tell your buddy you are going to get burgers without telling then how to order. Let them sweat it out. :) My favorite burger is still In-N-Out but Blimpy's is the closest any restaurant has come to equaling a Double-Double. I have gone to countless fine dining restaurants and holes in the wall but Blimpy's is the best in the midwest thus far. Don't forget, they only take cash!! expect to spend $5-$10 on a burger, add another $3-$5 for fried veggies, and $1-3 for a drink. Lastly, their bacon kicks a**! Many places serve burgers with cheap bacon... Blimpy's has high quality thick sliced bacon... PLEASE add it to your burger!
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,9/9/2009,139,103,7,8,6>This place is dangerous.  I always eat waaaayyyy to much, because I really love the food here.  It's spicy hot, rich and delicious.  My favorite is the Saag with cheese in it, along with the large range of Chicken Curries.  I've eatten at the lunch buffet, but the entries are much much better.  My only issue is I wish they would carry a few lighter dishes, or have some  curries that use a little less ghee (clarified butter), but it does taste damn good.  Anyway, when I'm in the mood for Indian, this is our place to go!
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,9/8/2009,660,114,10,19,14>I could've swore there was a review of this place before...Anyway, I went here based on what I thought I read here with my only intention being to try the pleskavic. Upon walking into the place, I was approached by the hostess/waitress/cook (who was incredibly nice by the way) & asked if I wanted bourek - I guess they get a lot of carry out orders.  I told her I wanted to sit & try the pleskavic.  Since she had mentioned the bourek, I figured I might as well give it a shot.  I asked for a piece of cheese bourek, too.  She then recommended a yogurt drink to accompany the bourek, which I couldn't turn down since it was a traditional drink to have with bourek.  Does anyone else sense lots of upselling here???I didn't mind, though.  The bourek was awesome - flaky, buttery, & cheesy.  There were chewy parts & crusty parts.  The texture was great & the flavor even better.  I was taken aback by the yogurt drink since it tasted exactly like Lifeway's plain Kefir.  When I asked if it was indeed kefir, I was assured that it wasn't and that it was cultured & cooked in house.Pleskavic is like an Eastern European cheeseburger.  2 large meat patties come to the table with raw onions & a nice chunk of Bulgarian feta cheese.  No frills here. Meat. Cheese. Onions. Some mediocre bread is served along side if you want to make a sandwich or sop up some of the meaty juices.  This is a great dish - the meat is well charred & has an interesting texture.  The cheese is salty, sharp, & tart and work well with the onions.  A tasty, well prepared dish.The pleskavic was on the specials board.  I didn't even look at the menu to order, but as I was leaving I glanced at it for a moment.  If you go by the menu, Drago's looks like a coney island.  Pleaskavic did not appear to be on the menu.  So if you visit Drago's, ask for the pleskavic if you don't see it on the menu.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2009,9/7/2009,103,74,4,5,5>We hit up Luigi's for breakfast on Saturday morning before going to the Farmington Farmer's Market. I have to say I was pleasantly surprised by this little place that I have driven by but never compelled to stop at. While unprepared on our part, we brought our dog with us without thinking of how we would be able to grab breakfast. Lucky for us this place has a decent sized patio that is dog friendly! Seriously, 1 star for that alone in my book - it was awesome!The breakfast menu is fairly standard with average prices and some surprises including Antipasto and Hawaiian omlettes. I had the Hawaiian with pineapple, ham and swiss cheese - it was better than I expected! Totally would order it again. The hash browns were a nice side and I opted to pay $1 for fruit instead of toast. Some of the grapes had seeds but the melon was awesome. My feta crazy hubby had the Greek omlette and was very happy with the amount feta and other filling in his - not something he finds many places.Other highlights include the coffee which wasn't as mucky as many coffee joints. The waitress was very kind to both us and our dog. She even served her a to-go dish of water...like actually placed it on the ground for her! I was very impressed. And the people watching was completely entertaining!Nice breakfast, not the BEST around but, I will definitely be back with our pup, Ruby, very soon!
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2009,9/5/2009,47,75,,6,6>Lupita's has authentic Mexican food.  It is one of the places that you go to if you want to "eat like a Mexican," rather than "eat Mexican food."  And, because it is located somewhat close to downtown, it is a viable lunch option.  The food, of course, is amazing.  No need to look at the entire menu.  Since this is a taqueria, your best bet is just to order the taco lunch (or dinner).  Three tacos like they make them back home, with corn tortillas, cilantro, onions, and your choice of meat.  Al pastor (marinated pork - kind of like Mexican gyro/shawarma/doner kebab meat), chicken (pollo), carnitas (braised/roasted pork), and chorizo (Mexican sausage) are your best options.  But, don't forget to try some of the other more exotic meats, typically only eaten by the Mexicans - you may be happily surprised.  And, you will have a new like that you can use to gross out your gringo friends and impress your Mexican friends.  The meal comes with decent Spanish rice, and delicious creamy refried beans.  A glass of horchata (rice milk) is the perfect complement.I have been here many times, but the most memorable was when I had lunch with a friend who had lived in Morelia for three months.  She was surprised as soon as she walked in, and said that it looked exactly like being in Mexico.  She was even more surprised when we got our bill and it came to less than $7.50 for the two of us.  That's one of the best things about going to eat where immigrants eat - immigrant prices.One word of caution, though - speak Spanish if you can.  My Spanish is good enough for me to survive in places where people don't know English, but it is far from fluent, and I was feeling lazy.  So, since the staff seemed to speak very good English, I just decided to go with that - big mistake.  Since we were American, in a room full of Mexicans, we seemed to be assigned lowest priority.  Now, thanks to Lisa N, I know why.  Apparently, if we had been speaking Spanish, we would have gotten much better service.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2009,9/4/2009,117,27,5,8,3>OK Chicken Shack loyalists, let this be your chance to navigate away lest you witness me blaspheme. I do believe that the fried chicken I had at Faym-us Chicken has finally given my favorite Shack a run for the money, or at least a reason to cross the road. I had the lunch special, offered everyday for the economic price of $4.25 (+$1 for white meat) until 4 pm. The white meat was perfectly juicy, piping hot, and the crispy skin is what I imagine the Colonel was lickin' his fingers of when he coined his famous catch phrase. You know the little crunchlets of potato goodness that give their bigger, starchier, less-cooked buddies the excuse to exist? Faym-us' 'taters were comprised solely of them. Also,I handed over a quarter TWICE for another extra serving of the family recipe BBQ sauce. My own family members know that I keep a bottle of Shack's Cook Sauce in the fridge at all times, and I *almost* will say that this stuff rivals it. These are words I have never imagined I'd  utter.I've been anxiously waiting to post this review so that I could try the ribs before I reported. So on the morning of the Clawson Car Show, when I woke up to heartbreaking rain, I made my husband drive up there anyway even though we couldn't walk off the fat as planned. My first impression of the ribs were that the flavor was fine, but that I had, admittedly, had much more earth-shattering BBQ ribs in my day. As my fingertips glistened shinier and shinier of grease with each bite,  that tangy-sweet sauce wooed me and I was converted. There are other reasons to patronize Faym-us, even though it is SO convenient for me to just hit the Shack. 1.) Anyone who has ever read a single review of mine knows that service goes a long way with me, and these folks are the friendliest, neigborliest you'll find. They don't have a conglomerate of area chicken makers, so your support will be felt 2.) They deliver anything over $10 for a $1.75 which will come in mighty handy on wintry nights 3.) Hello??? Despite city regulations the triumphant 8-foot chicken still perches atop the modest eatery.  4.) True, eat-in options are limited to a few barstools at the window, but if you can't enjoy your fried goods underneath a giant chicken or outside under an umbrella-shaded table on a gorgeous day, you need to have your head checked. Besides, I like to do my pie-hole greasing in private anyway.Finally I'd like to illustrate the significance of this review by saying that I have 3 Chicken Shack locations on the memory dial of my cell phone. On Saturday, I added Faym-us. Their website  says they have been around since 1959, so if that's not a worthy enough testament to you, then you should at least put it on your list of places to try on sheer merits of longevity.
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,9/3/2009,80,325,4,3,6>I've been here a few times during their Friday night girls' night. It's a lot of fun for something different to do with your friends! You can bring in your own food and beverages, stake out a table for your group and get to work. You pick out what you want to paint, and if you see a technique you want to try, the staff will show you how it's done. There are lots of books for ideas.The only things I don't like when I go here are that a) I have a really hard time picking something to paint, which leads to b) I usually get something I'll never realistically use, but I feel bad getting rid of, since I painted it with something special in mind. Even with that dilemma, the fun is always worth the hassle of ending up with one more knick-knack I really don't need.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,8/31/2009,67,175,3,5,6>I can't believe I have lived 15 min east of here for 15 years and never heard of this place before Yelp.  (Yay Yelp!).It was "Cruise" night and the streets were busy with a throng of car enthusiasts.  Not sure if (a) we were going to be able to overcome our aversion to smoky bars, and (b) get a table on a busy night, we entered with trepidation.  We were immediately greeted by the hostess and led to our table-for-two, squeezing between a row of tables and the long antiquey bar, back around the corner to a table right smack dab in server-traffic-alley.  Dont'cha hate that?  Well, they moved us immediately upon request and I am glad - I would have hated to have walked out on the experience we ultimately had.  Not really taking note of the fact that the hostess didn't ask us for our smoking preference, I was delighted to neither smell any smoke nor see any ashtrays -- No smoking except the front porch (Yay!)We started by sampling a $2.95 mug from the well-rounded menu of tap beers.  I settled on the Short's Huma-Lupa-Licious from Bellaire, "Up North" Michigan (shortsbrewing.com/brews.).  This brew lived up to its namesake flower, Humulus Lupulus, with a bright crisp palate and a bitter, hoppy nose and finish.A nice relaxed summer evening atmosphere spurred our conversation and casual examination of the interesting architecture, railroad paraphernalia and breweriana.  This place has genuine character - the type that interior designers "draw their inspiration from" (i.e. copycat) when they come up with the junk-nailed-to-walls theme-du-jour for the chain restaurants we get in Canton, or the movie Office Space for instance.  This place was interesting and comfortable though, and definitely didn't leave us with a case of the Mondays.  The only - 'flair' I saw was a black bandaid with white skull-and-bones, and a lisp-inducing tongue piercing. The food was good, maybe even very good.  We started with the Irish Egg Rolls -- "Pickles stuffed with ham and cheese....".   Actually it was an egg-roll sized/shaped wonton stuffed with a quarter spear of dill pickle and some ham & swiss.  Great idea, but really the execution was not quite there for me.  The tastes mixed well, especially when combined with the zippy coarse mustard found on the side.  I wish they had scooped the seeds out of half of a pickle, and stuffed it like they said they were going to.  The proud claims of winning the Chili cook-off several years in a row tempted me to sample a cup. I went with the non-smothered option to get a clear view of what was going on with this dish: Meat, beans and red sauce.  Nice and simple, very nice heat, no big chunks of green bell pepper or other adulterations.  This was maybe the highlight of the night.  I highly recommend it to any Chili lovers out there.  The "Driver" mini-burgers were very good as well, but I think for $9 you should be able to expect them to be served on something a bit nicer than Dinner Rolls from the Aunt Millie bakery (or whatever simulacrum their buyer chose).  If I want sliders I go to White Castle - When you sell me "gourmet" mini burgers, I shouldn't be able to roll the bun up into little sticky balls of marshmallow fluff.  Maybe that's just me, but just sayin'.  Still, the Gorgonzola, perfectly caramelized onions, and smoky bacon dressed a very nice mini-pattie that more than made up for the sub-par bread.  We saw the onion rings go by headed to some other tables and decided to top things off with a shared order.  The cook must be watching too much FoodNetwork or something, because we got a 'deconstructed' nouveau cuisine version and had to reassemble the onion and breading at the table.  A bit too greasy for me on the tail end of a full meal, but I can see why they are popular.  The evening was nicely capped by the AmTrak train going by as we wandered off through the cars and cruisers.  We'll be back!
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,8/30/2009,37,70,5,13,6>My boyfriend introduced me to The Lodge and it's become a regular stop for us for the last year or so.  It's friendly, relaxed, clean and rustic atmosphere is what keeps us coming back.  And of course they have the mandatory big screen TV's with all the sporting events for David and video games for the kids.We've only been on weekend evenings and have found that we usually have to wait 15 minutes or so for a table but there's a large bar where you can usually find a seat and have a drink to pass the time.It looks like everyone pretty much covered how great the food is so I wont touch on that but I do have some advice.  First, go on your birthday and you will be served a free dessert that is enough for 5-6 people.  It consists of 5 large, homemade, chocolate chip cookies on a plate, a scoop of vanilla ice cream on each cookie, drizzled in hot fudge and topped with whipped cream!  It's awesome!!!  And secondly, they have coupons in The Entertainment Book.  It's a little out of the way but worth the drive!
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2009,8/28/2009,182,168,,5,5>Ronin was exactly what I expected it to be. I went there with some girlfriends and it was the perfect place to start off a girl's night out. The dim intimate lighting, with lots of wine and conversation and fabulous sushi - it actually reminds me a lot of tokyo sushi but slightly more expensive, but it's justified by the trendier ambiance. For apps I ordered the pork gyoza, and the eel cucumber roll and the spicy salmon crunch roll... mmm mm mm. The spicy shrimp tempura which is also on the apps menu looked pretty damn good, too bad i'm allergic! :(It's just a little annoying that they don't take reservations, but the wait wasn't bad, just 15-20 min. Also outdoor seating for the summer would be nice but i don't think the structure of the building would allow it...I would definitely go here again though.
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2009,8/27/2009,794,350,4,4,6>Does the Oak have nuts?Well, I forgot to ask, but they have really good burgers. Half pound of all American Ground Sirloin. It arrived just as I had ordered. A tray of condiments were served, relish,K,M, pickles,onions, peppers. Nothing but some of the best beers to chase it down.My sis and I went there after the Wyandotte Art Fair. Nice and cool after being out in the steamy show. The beer was great, I have a couple 22oz brews from the tap. The service was pretty good. Could have had some food at the show, but there are too many different places to go when in Wyandotte. This was a good choice. My sis actually said it "may" have been better than Millers....This is definately worth coming back to again.
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,8/26/2009,17,48,2,9,3>Yay!  The Northville Farmers market is now open.  I am a big fan of that market, but I have to admit, any local market will do.  Just walking around, checking out the local offerings - it's all good.Northville is located just outside downtown in a lot across from the racetrack.  It's sometimes crazy to get in/out of the parking area, but patience is a virtue.  There is almost always a spot or two in the back.  I refuse to park across the street - who wants to lug a flat of plants all that way?  I'm a dropper....but a few things, drop them off at the car....go back for more! The market is just about the right size...not too small (bigger than Plymouth) and not too big (smaller than Pontiac).  It's 100% outdoors, so weather is a huge factor in when I'll visit.  They have a good variety of vendors.  Bakeries, fruit/veggie growers, plants, herbs, shrubs, organic produce & food, some jewelry and soaps.  There are food vendors too, though I very rarely indulge (kettle corn, almonds, lemonade).Hours are 8-3pm on Thursdays.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,8/25/2009,15,59,,4,3>This is a really cozy and quiet sushi place in Royal Oak.  I come into town for work a few times a month and when my friends in that area and I are craving sushi, we usually hit up Tokyo.  It's a very unassuming restaurant, to be sure - the decor isn't anything new or flashy - but the food speaks volumes about the quality of this establishment.I always do rolls a la carte, so I personally can't vouch for the anything other than the sushi here - but the rolls are dependably great.  A friend of mine always gets a teriyaki dish and swears by them.  All the fish I've had here has been on the higher end in terms of quality.  At some restaurants you'll get sashimi that tastes a little too fishy, especially at the less expensive places, but I've never had an issue here. C approved!
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2009,8/24/2009,53,254,6,4,5>As an aside, before I even begin, my grandma used to call me ty-ty when I was little, so I had that running through my head my entire lunch.  That and the cries of the baby at the table next to me who's parents were gleefully ignoring.  None of these things have much to do with Thai-Thai as a restaurant, but they needed to be said.So how is the food?  Pretty fantastic.  I chose some unpronouncable beef dish based on the three star spiciness level.  I got the usual white person warning (are you sure? very spicy!) and gleefully awaited my entre. It was spicy and still had great flavor, so I fell for it pretty hard and fast. My server was quick and nice, and yes, decor is by Ikea, but still cute and comfortable inside.  Tiny and cozy.  And they have magazines for anyone who can't score a lunch date.What I wasn't impressed with was the size/price ratio. For over $10, I feel like I should at least be stuffed by the end, or be asking for a box.  I was neither.  I mean, satiated and happy, but I could have gorged myself - would I not have ran out of food. Still though, these are minor trifles and I for one will be adding Thai-Thai to the rotation.
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2009,8/23/2009,172,189,6,9,9>The kings or queens, as it were, of kitsch. I could easily spend hours in American Pop scanning the shelves. It is packed to the brim with new and used American pop culture trinkets, antiques and memorabilia.  It is king of like stepping into a Tim Burton/John Waters daydream. Everything from candy to doll heads, to old playboys.  When I walked in they were playing old episodes of Pee Wee's Playhouse, which I found very fitting for the store.  The prices are actually very good. They also have a really cute pit bull rescue mascot who hangs out behind the cash register.  I'll definitely be returning.
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,8/22/2009,467,299,6,6,7>Unlike the one in Ireland... You don't want to kiss this Blarney Stone... It's a dive bar. Would you want to kiss a dive bar? I didn't think so, but it doesn't mean it's not a bloody good time. As Steve D. said, "the Blarney Stone is okay if you like going to a local pub, but I wouldn't recommend it if you enjoy going on the dance floor to shake all that you got."  Except, I would change the "okay" to "perfect" if you are looking for a local pub. What can I say, it's definitely a dive bar-- so don't have dance club expectations.Steve was also right about the booths being small, but for some reason, I like it. It keeps the conversation close and you don't have to yell to hear anyone at your table.ALWAYS.. and I mean ALWAYS ask if Lisa is working and get her to be your server. Believe me, you'll be sorry if you don't. I've had a bad experience with another waitress, but Lisa is spot-on and will even remember your name usually by your second third visit.  One night we inquired about the wings and she had the cook make one of each for us to test-- now that's customer service. Here are some other important facts about the Blarney:-They have $3 Magic Hats (#9) pints.. all night. every night. mmmm. -When the Wings (uh, this is Hockeytown for all you out-of-towners) are playing and they score.. $1 pints of Coors Light and... I forgot what the other one was, but for a $1 can you really argue?-don't sit in the booth closest to the dart board unless you have a death wish-- I've never seen anyone get "dart-ed" but you can imagine what it'd be like.. -seriously, ask for Lisa: she won't forget to bring your Keno ticket back to the table before the draw (note "other" waitress will), She is friendly (note "other" waitress is "half there" most of the time), She is a good waitress (note "other" waitress= not so good). All in all, the Blarney Stone is my jam, but it's definitely a place to go with people you know rather than attempt a hook, line and sinker.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,8/21/2009,71,149,6,14,10>I happened to stumble upon Wicks and Stones during my last jaunt to downtown Wyandotte and I couldn't have been more pleased! Let me put it to you this way if you were a chef would you prefer to shop at Williams Sonoma or Walmart? Of course, Williams Sonoma... I am a jewelry/beading fanatic, so Michael's and Joann's gets really boring after awhile. There aren't too many boutique type bead stores in Michigan that sell semiprecious beads, crystals, and all the other good stuff. Wicks and Stones is AWESOME! They offer SO many different classes: Glass making, Metal Stamping, Pearl Knotting, Bead Stringing and Weaving and pretty much anything else you could think of...The classes are inexpensive too. They start out at $15 a class. The owner/teacher of one of the classes that I took was very friendly and patient. Whether you are a beginner, intermediate, or advanced beader there is something for you there. So you're BORED? Why not take up a new hobby? You'll be glad you did!
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,8/20/2009,134,652,4,5,6>Now, don't get scared by the menu when you go here, especially with items like 'Road Kill Special', etc.  They have game meat on their menu, such as buffalo, venison, rabbit, etc.  I love their grilled chicken salad, the sampler is a must - it has 5 different kinds of meat you normally would not eat.You can also get a bumper sticker, fresh baked cookies.  Sit outside during the summer.  They also have full bar, couple pool tables if you want to kill some time while waiting for food.  Anyone that comes to visit me for the first time here in MI, I always take them here first.  So far, everyone has loved it.
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,8/18/2009,39,79,,4,3>I first came to D'Amato's for the bar scene. If a table is available, I really enjoy hanging out here, catching up with friends. The atmosphere is cool and comfy and the service is great.More recently I have discovered brunch at D'Amato's and I have to say it's pretty awesome. They continue to evolve their brunch menu and it has become quite satisfying and increasingly vegetarian friendly. I have tried tons of items on the menu. The menu changes slightly, but I would recommend the Mediterranean Omelet and the Egg White Croissant for savory veggie friendly selections and my bf loves the Eggs Benedict (how it comes and with the crab cakes). For sweet options, the Stuffed French Toast and the Caramel Apple Donuts are both incredible. If you're in the mood for some beverages, the Pear Bellini is definitely worth trying (and there's a bottomless option!).Brunch is served 11am - 3pm, which is great for those of us who are not so fond of early rising. There is usually a constant flow of patrons, but we have never had to wait for a table. The service is right on and music by the Red Hot Sugar Daddies plays all through brunch, which makes for a very enjoyable experience. Check it out!
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2009,8/17/2009,36,61,,7,5>Just came back the other day for another haircut. Unfortunately, my appointment with Jenna had mistakenly been scheduled for March instead of February. Jenna was booked with 2 other clients getting a cut and color and had no way of fitting me in that evening. I had the choice of coming back another day or getting a haircut with someone else right away. Since I was already there, and badly needed a haircut I decided to just go with another stylist - Brandon. All of the staff and Jenna herself were super apologetic and they offered me a complimentary eyebrow waxing because of the mix-up. I thought they handled the situation really well. Brandon did a great job with my hair, and Brendan cleaned up my eyebrows nicely. The next time I go back, I will probably schedule with Jenna again, but I would recommend Brandon (or any stylist there) to anyone. They were very busy that night, but honestly, everyone's hair looked pretty great.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,8/16/2009,47,100,1,1,1>I have a voice that tells me that I need to go to Red Coat for a burger from time to time and I'm always so glad that I listen to it!!So a couple of things that kinda bother me are the long waits in a cramped 'waiting' area that always overflows to the bar so make sure you go on a weekday at a weird time like after 9pm.  And the booths where you sit at  a 90 degree angle, I recommend that you sit at a table.But it's well worth it!  I always go for the Piedmontese burger since it has less fat and calories which means I can put more toppings on my burger so it kinda evens out in the end!!  I go for the cheddar, bacon, burnt onion, guacamole and jalapenos!  Burnt onions are the best!!!  My mouth is watering as we speak...I think I hear that little voice again!
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2008,8/15/2009,60,86,3,6,5>I'm a fan. What everyone else says is true.Saturday and Sunday mornings you can take advantage of an impressive DIY Bloody Mary bar with lots of fixin's. The food menu is short, but all you really need are the burgers (served on fresh foccacia rolls) and the veggie sandwich. Sometimes they have breakfast and it's just pancakes and bacon. But that's good, too. And that reminds me, bacon is an item on the menu, and it's free on Sundays!The double jukebox covers any genre you can think of (well...maybe not zydeco), although on some mornings, the bartenders just play their own music. Either way, the selections are always appropriate.And yes, they dim the lights as it gets later each night.I'll never forget the second day of the big blackout in 2003. I ended up at the Bronx with a friend and suddenly realized that was where everyone else was going. I got there around one in the afternoon and didn't leave until around one in the morning. The owner was telling friends to pull all of their frozen stuff out of their freezers and bring it down to the bar so it would get used before it went bad.I remember sitting on the curb, drinking a Heineken and watching Paul standing at the grill that he set up out on the sidewalk. He was grilling steaks and burgers and hot dogs and all kinds of stuff. Random people walking around in the area didn't really know what to do when he offered them free food.But it was all in good spirits. The Bronx is a bar of the people, for the people.UPDATE: Apparently they no longer do the free bacon on Sundays.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,8/14/2009,8,15,,7,4>My family has been going here since way before I was born - I was even baptized on a Saturday so they could have the meal after at the Roma (they're closed on Sundays).  We always went here or to Joe Muer's for birthdays and other family holidays.  We still go as a family at least a few times a year.The food is the best Italian in the entire Detroit area.  I realize that is a bold statement, but I'm stickin' to it.  I'm part Italian, so I'm pretty finicky about Italian cuisine. There's something about the meat sauce at the Roma that just transcends all other local places - it tastes like the Bolognese in Italy.  There's a touch of nutmeg (which I normally can't stand) that just rounds out the meat and tomato flavors perfectly.  Everything they make it super-fresh (the Eastern Mkt. location facilitates this very well) and since they've been cooking for over 100 years, they know what they're doing!  The Roma's meat entrees are great too: "How's the veal in this place?"  "Best in the city!"  (The Godfather).   The saltimbocca is my favorite, but the marsala is delicious as well. The chicken with artichokes is very good as well.  The meals are ENORMOUS - you will definitely need a doggie bag, and you'll have enough for 2 more meals.  All of the entrees come with soup, and also pasta if you get a meat dish.  However, I would recommend getting the soup wrapped up and just taking a couple bites of the pasta, so you can order the Roma salad to share to start the meal.  Each waiter makes it himself - the basic recipe is the same but with an individual touch.  The quality of the ingredients is what transforms a plain salad w/ vinaigrette into a special treat.If you have room for dessert (yeah, right), I highly recommend the cannoli (filled to order) or the spumoni ice cream from Alinosi's - both are delicious.So, if the food is so incredible, why only 4 stars?  I liked the decor as a kid, because it was the scene of so many happy family memories, but as I've gotten older, the place feels as if it lacks intimacy.  The bar has a good feel, but the tables are very oddly positioned in that room.  Always feel like I'm eating on stage or something in the other 2 rooms, it's the weirdest feeling.The newer waiters don't seem very friendly, but the old guys who have been serving at the Roma for over 25 years (I think there's only 1 or 2 left at this point) are sweethearts.  Granted, they've watched me grow up, so that may have something to do with it.  Don't even try to eat here on a Saturday night without a reservation.  Not gonna happen.  It's worth planning ahead to take a trip back in time and dine on the best Italian food in the Detroit area - buon appetito!
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2009,8/13/2009,47,263,4,6,4>I am a fairly regular customer of Lotus Thai especially during lunch .  Ironically Lotus Thai is located next door to a Weight Watchers location which can make one feel guilty while watching WW patrons enter the office to be weighed while another is eating a fabulous Thai lunch........The lunch menu is available with around 8-10 choices that run around $8 for entree, spring roll and salad.  My favorite is the chicken Panang which I order spicy plus.  Perfect meal especially during cold weather.  My second favorite dish is the Pad Thai noodles with tofu. My colleague's favorite lunch item is the eggplant pad prig pow which features crispy pieces of eggplant in a vegetable dish.  For dessert the coconut or mango ice cream is to die for.   The full menu is quite extensive but I tend to always order my favorites and rarely venture into the other menu items.  For excellent service ask for Dave or William, two great attentive servers.  Lastly, the music overhead can not be beat.  One of two tracks softly play either all Frank Sinatra or all Anne Murray!
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,8/12/2009,28,93,3,6,4>I live out in Ann Arbor, but Noble Fish is worth the ~50 mile drive each way.  The fish is very tasty and extremely fresh - this place is right up there with some of my favorite sushi places in the US.  A lot of mediocre sushi places will skimp on the fish and use excess rice to keep their costs down, but Noble Fish definitely avoids that practice.  You get a lot of fish in the maki rolls, hand rolls, and nigiri.  Strangely enough, Noble Fish is *extremely* inexpensive, which makes it that much better.The only bad thing I can say is that the seating area is tiny, and I doubt more than 15 or so people could fit into the whole place.  This results in a bit of a line, but it's definitely worth the wait.  Alternatively, if you don't want to wait, you can make a to-go order and eat elsewhere.Now I just need to invent a teleporter so it doesn't take an hour to get here.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2009,8/11/2009,25,50,2,3,3>My favorite restaurant in Ann Arbor by far. The menu is very French contemporary, with an international flare. The drink menu is thorough and bartender very knowledgeable. I love the mojito and the ginger-lime martini, and my boyfriend loves the margarita. Everything is made from fresh ingredients, which makes the flavors pop. The staff is very attentive, without being overly so. Water glasses rarely go empty. They offer a baguette with three different types of butter, I prefer the chive, but the salmon and peach is very good too. They always have inventive items on their menu, recently had the Thai Chicken dumplings and the Halibut and it was amazing. Last time I had the chimichurri and it was very good too. For dessert we had an array of ice creams that they arrange in a banana split like dish, something like eight ice creams that is meant to be shared. If you have a chance, book the kissing booth it makes for a very romantic evening.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2009,8/10/2009,2,12,5,4,4>Oh, where would my life be without Clark's? Sure, 20 pounds lighter, but I wouldn't be as fulfilled, that's for sure. Clark's is small and independently owned. The prices for the amount of ice cream is so generous and for those reasons I will always frequent Clark's instead of the DQ down the street. As Aaron K. said, the scoops are enormous! I'm an avid ice cream eater and still get a children's scoop. The ice cream is always creamy, never old and overly-frozen. I always get a child's size of Bear Claw and Triple Chocolate Truffle. There are shakes, malts, and other things, but I've never gone that way. One thing, they are cash only. I've debated trying to open a tab there, but that might be sad.
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2009,8/9/2009,23,8,,3,3>I'm really kicking myself for making season closing night at the Detroit Symphony Orchestra my opening night at the DSO.  After living here for an entire orchestra season, I finally took advantage of the DSO's 37/11 program and picked up some $60 seats for $11.  Anybody younger than 37 can get tickets to most seats at select DSO concerts for only $11.  You just have to sign up first on the website.You should be kicking yourself too if you haven't signed up for the program.  I don't care if you "don't like classical music," for $11 you could think the music was crap (which it won't be) and just enjoy the amazing orchestra hall, the bustle of people in Midtown and a nice night out in Detroit.Detroit has a world-class symphony, and the audience took remarkable ownership of the symphony and the performance.  It really felt like the orchestra was playing to the audience and the audience was just soaking in the emotion from their home-town gem.  On the way home, we drove through the Wayne State University campus and what looked like an kids' dance performance getting out...lots of 5 year old in purple tutus, face makeup and balloons.
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,8/8/2009,16,53,2,4,3>Wilkinson Eye Center is a second generation eye care practice of which I am an unabashed fan. They have taken very good care of my eyes for more then a decade. If all goes well, I plan to use them at least that much longer.Why such a fan? Well, much like Linda T. I feel the staff is knowledgeable AND nice. Granted, being knowledgeable is an expectation. But being nice also? Icing on the cake.My first visit was to make sure that I would still be able to see after being attacked by a little old lady that found me insincere ( I complimented her manicure). Her punch landed on the bridge of my glasses-halving them and leaving me near sightless.Wilkinson to the rescue! Dr. Dustman got me into the correct prescription and the Wilkinson staff then fitted me with little old lady punch proof specs.Fast forward to 2009 and since that initial visit I've only had three prescription changes (and no punches). How does that compare to the other eye place? Every year my prescription changed. Funny.
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2009,8/7/2009,9,26,9,8,10>It's probably not the best form to start a review by apologizing for what I'm about to write, but I feel it's necessary. But it's also quite necessary for me to write this, for the sake of purging it from my mind: "You want meat on stick? We have meat. Some is on sticks."Now, NOBODY said this to me at Bosnia Specialties. Since dining there, however, I have not been able to get this Belushi-esque voice out of my head. (Maybe it's the depressed tow truck driver from Mad TV; six of one....) The wait staff was extremely accommodating here, and they do in fact serve salads. But the main reason people come here is for meat on a stick. Don't most of us love meat on a stick? I think there was a deficit in my life, until last night.A few words on the meat (some on sticks). It's very highly seasoned, some may call it rather spicy, or heavy on the black pepper. I happen to love this.The coleslaw is so finely shaved, you could call it angel hair coleslaw with a very light dressing. It couldn't be at all heavy and balance against the meat on a stick.And let me tell you about the fried bread!! This is a wonderful thing, it definitely was missing from my life. Plus, when you get the platter with the bread, coleslaw, fries, and meat (some on sticks), you also get a cream cheese spread, presumably to put on the fried bread before you pile on the meat (off sticks). Heck, I was sticking French fries in it.The next time I come back here, it might be for an afternoon coffee/cake snack. I love Turkish coffee, and it comes with two cubes of sugar and a pour-your-own long-handled carafe. Sitting there to drink some coffee, with a little baklava, sounds like a very nice afternoon to me.The hospitality was outstanding. It really is like being welcomed into someone's home, then being served meat ... on a stick.
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2009,8/6/2009,30,103,5,6,6>I love Polish food!  I love pierogies!  They are one of my favorite comfort foods - if I'm stressed, sad, feel fat, etc. pierogies (good ones) make it all better - except for maybe the feeling fat part, but if they are good, it is worth it.I love Polonus in Wyandotte, and I still think their food is wonderful.  I have tried Polish Village before and they are ok - but Polonia deserves the award for best pierogi in Detroit!I took my cousin for a tour of Wayne State's campus since she will be attending in the fall, and then we were trying to figure out where to go to lunch.  I first suggested Greektown since she is new to Detroit, and as we were driving around, I remembered how close we were to Hamtramck.  (Now, I forgot to tell you, my cousin is from the South and she has a pretty thick southern accent.) She too loves pierogi - only she calls them pie-rogi.So as we were eating our pie-rogies, we couldn't believe how delicious they were.  Pan fried potato cheese pie-rogies from Polonia are definately the best in the city!  I love the fact that they give you a huge ketchup size bottle of sour cream right on the table - they don't assume you only need a little from a tiny condiment cup - they assume (correctly I might add) that you would like as much sour cream as it takes to enjoy your pie-rogi!We also ordered a meatball each - they are huge so you only need one.  It was moist and tender and just plain good.  After our wonderful lunch of meatballs and pie-rogies, we were stuffed and happy  that we didn't  go anywhere else.I am definately a fan of Polonia!
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2009,8/5/2009,34,9,6,17,12>Destiny Games has what you'd expect from a video game store - consoles, new and used games for those consoles, and accessories.  But there's a lot to set them apart from the competition.The first thing I noticed when I went in there was that the guy working there (the owner?) was outgoing and made me feel welcome. I told him I wasn't in to buy that day but he still wanted to talk games, and not in a condescending "I know more than you" way.Another thing that sets Destiny apart is that they carry old games.  Games I played 20 years ago on the NES, and even older than that. I think the old games still have a lot of value and I'm glad to find a game shop that agrees.The prices on used games seemed pretty good, and they say on their website that they'll match used game prices with "other major used video game stores." (I think I know who they mean)I'm happy to see a locally owned alternative to GameStop, who more or less owns the used video game market.  I'm really happy to see them with very friendly service and good prices.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2009,8/4/2009,41,13,6,5,6>I work right next door to Cafe Japon, and the only thing that keeps me from eating there 2-3 times a day is the fact that it's kind of expensive.Expensive but worth it? I'm pretty sure that's the case. The baguettes are--and I am saying this from the point of view of someone who LOVES bread of all kinds and look forward to the day when I can eat NOTHING but bread and cheese and have a normal digestive tract--the BEST. They are TO DIE FOR. They are PERFECT and, perhaps it goes without saying at this point, DELICIOUS.The two main problems I have found there are: 1. Yes, the staff is very nice, most of the time, but the service is SUPER slow, and sometimes inept. It seems they don't hire people with much experience. 2. The decor is lack-luster, and if you're going to spend $15 on lunch, don't you want to feel like you're somewhere...FANCY?Bottom line, though: Wonderful salads, delicious soups, to-die-for baguette sandwiches (they put horseradish in the egg salad YUMMMMM) make Cafe Japon a great meal (even if it might take a long time to get it with little to look at).
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,6/8/2009,8/3/2009,252,310,9,14,10>This place may look special at 1st glance, but it's really not. It's just a wannabe, pretentious club atop a Lucky Strike bowling alley. On a Friday night, I was working with Crystal, the party promoter there and even though I knew it would be a dead night, I decided to invest our WHOLE joint birthday party with around 30 people at MBarGo, even though I had plenty of other clubs to choose from. Crystal promised my group free cover even if it got a little past midnight, and we all arrived there in groups of 6-7 people. Lo and behold the last group of us was charged cover, against the promise she made me. I even showed them the text message that Crystal, the promoter/organizer, sent me saying that we would all be fine with cover even after midnight. It's not that we were charged cover that bothered me, but that she went back on their word. Because I argued this as a matter of principle, the hawk-like staff (who outnumbered the patrons practically) were already threatening to kick me out out this point.So, I decided to let this bad service slide and just sucked it up and went into the club. 15 minutes later the hawk-like staff spotted me pouring 5-Hour energy into my glass and they got ticked off thinking that I was pouring liquor into my glass and all the staff, including Crystal whom I had the planning relationship with all hovered above me and decided to kick me out - at my sister's birthday party!  I told them it was my sister's 21st birthday and that 1/4 of the lackluster volume crowd was brought into the club that night by me, and it did not matter. A normal club with staff that caters to patrons would at least have let me stay. I even offered to buy a few Red Bulls to make up for my alleged mistake, to no avail.This place definitely thinks they are too cool for school and they will not hesitate to ruin peoples' nights. They are losers that have a club in a mall in Novi above a bowling alley, yet they act like they are running some swank spot in Manhattan. Gimme a break. Crystal's Friday night party called "Candyshop" totally blew. She said over 100 girls RSVPed that night just to get my group to come there, and when I got there it was more empty than a brothel on Christmas. This club blows and more importantly their staff blows. I have a LOT of friends and connections in the metro Detroit nightlife scene, including promoters, and I will definitely be exercising my freedom of speech to get the word out on this place!Club-goers, be aware! If you like good service, steer clear of this hell-hole. The only club in a mall above a bowling alley that will ever be useful is Sam's Club!!!
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,8/2/2009,40,84,2,4,3>Pulled Pork + Fried Ham + Applewood Bacon + Texas Toast + Spicy Texas Pit Sauce + My Mouth = match made in heaven.There's not much that I can really add to some of the stellar reviews that already populate the Slow's listings, but I'll go ahead and add my thoughts anyway. Slow's has been around for a while now and it's always been a solid producer of good BBQ. It's located in Corktown, which is always a fun visit in my book. You'll get to roll down the red bricks of Michigan Ave. attempt to find the creative door that opens into the bowels of the lowly lit and decidedly industrial feeling restaurant. You're greeted by a long horseshoe shaped bar and usually a long line, all good signs. I love the sides, the mass selection of beers from the mitten and from afar, and the in house BBQ sauces. As many have mentioned, the Genius is a great veggie option, their baby back ribs are to die for, but my favorites have always been the various pulled options. You can drown the slow cooked yard bird, moo cows and piggies in sauce and slather it over toast, your shirt and anything else within a decent smack of your lips. Portions are big, prices aren't too bad and the staff is friendly. Yes, you'll encounter waits. Yes, you'll encounter some slower service, but you'll leave full and happy. Is it the best BBQ I've ever had? No. I've had the benefit of being very well traveled and tend to believe the best BBQ often comes from roadside stands and smoke houses in towns that have about as many people as they do stop lights, but for Detroit, not many places do it better than Slow's. If you're in the motor city, be sure to stop. You most likely won't be disappointed.
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,8/1/2009,10,27,,5,4>Nestled behind the Michigan Citizen office (a bad-ass Black newspaper), newly opened Le Petit Zinc is accordingly bad-ass.The dining area is very intimate and bright. The food - french staples - is solid. The goat cheese crepe is really good. The lattes are cheap - for $3 you get a steaming coffee in a huge, handle-less mug. Fresh espresso is $2. The menu is reasonably priced. Sandwiches come with actual greens. Delightful.Cash only for the moment, and our receipt was written on notebook paper, but a great lunch spot--assuming you can get a seat once this place heats up.
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2009,7/31/2009,101,180,2,3,2>I don't know why it took me so long to get here for treatment...oh wait, it' because I hardly ever treat myself to anything!Today, that changed.  I splurged and went in for a 90 minute facial (and paid $10 extra for an extra service) and the total?  A whopping $52.  My one-hour massages aren't even that cheap :)Since everything is performed by students (with a supervisor checking in), it wasn't s smooth as a regular treatment would be at a spa, but again, you can't beat the price, and hey, they have to learn!My skin feels wonderful and I will definitely be back.  I probably would have given 5 stars but some of the staff could have lost the attitude and I put enough money in the meter for just under 2 hours, figuring it would be enough for a 90 minute service, but my appointment was at 12:30pm and I didn't get out of there until 2:27pm.  Miraculously I did not have a ticket!
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/25/2009,7/30/2009,25,21,5,7,4>My visit to the Grand Slam Baseball Training Center was precipitated by an unfortunate performance during a softball game two weeks ago. I went 0 for 3. With two strikeouts. Anyone who has ever played, watched or even contemplated the game of slo-pitch softball should know just how truly sad that line is, particularly in light of the fact I've been playing some variant of the game since I was a pre-teen. In any event, Grand Slam, to my knowledge is the only batting cage in the entire Metro Detroit area. It wasnt particularly hard to find, and the staff was friendly. In fact, when I told them my cage had malfunctioned, they gave me two extra tokens for my trouble. The facilities themselves are aged, which defintely lent itself to some problems, but for the most part, you can get what you need here; solid batting practice. They have cages that are arranged from slo-pitch all the way to hardball at the other end where pitches are thrown at 70mph and above. I plan on gradually moving through the cages until I'm crushing 'em out as fast as they come in.Also, while I'm here, I'm looking to join softball league in Metro Detroit and havent had much luck. Let me know if you need a good player with solid infield defensive skills!
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2009,7/29/2009,34,50,16,10,10>I like this library, particularly for the FREE movie rentals!  I have a television, but don't have any channels (no cable, no channels 2, 4, 7, nothing! p.s. nothing against those who watch tv, I just like to remain blissfully ignorant about pop culture, current events and politics).  ANYWAY, there's a pretty good selection of DVDs to choose from.  They have new releases, old releases, documentaries (lots of PBS ones, too!) and television series.I can't really speak too much on the books--I like to buy (not borrow) books because someday, when I have my own place (and not just renting a teeny-tiny apartment like I am now) I want a room designated as a library with books everywhere and a globe and a leather chair and a fireplace.  Or something like that. Also, there are PLENTY of characters that frequent this library, i.e., drunk derelicts from off the street.  And before anyone gets their panties in a bunch, I know they're drunk coz I can smell the alcohol from like, 10 feet away!  Not that there's anything wrong with being a drunk...or a derelict...to each his own, right?  Also, the contingent of drunk derelicts adds some life to the otherwise drab environment that is the interior of the Royal Oak Public Library.  This place, however, does not make for a good studying venue.  I tried to study here once, but left within 5 minutes of sitting down.  First, the chairs are fucking uncomfortable.  Second, the tables are too small for one + sharing with a stranger.  When I was there, I sat down at a table, got to work and starting chowing down on gummy worms (brain food!).  Then, this dude sat down at MY table (even though there were plenty of other empty tables).  This wouldn't be a big deal if the table was large, but it's not.  And he was staring at me while I was eating gummy worms.  It made me self conscious and annoyed, so I left.  A word of advice: if you want a good studying venue that's a library (as opposed to a coffee shop), check out the Southfield Public Library--free wi-fi, giant tables, and lots of 'em.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,7/28/2009,267,274,5,5,4>I have serious issues. They relate to tart frozen yogurt. Is that weird?When I was pregnant I was craving Pinkberry so badly that I emailed them and begged and pleaded to have some fro-yo shipped to me on dry ice. Needless to say they declined. To think...this crisis could have been averted if yogobliss had just opened a few months earlier!I love tart frozen yogurt. Its good for you. It tastes great. Its super refreshing. The list goes on and on. I admit it. Every time I have tart frozen yogurt I compare it to Pinkberry (as it is my favorite - I could eat it every day). I think yogobliss does a very good job with their version. There are 4 yogurt flavors to choose from. Original, Green Tea, Strawberry and Cheesecake. I had a medium original with mango, raspberry and blueberries. All the fruit tasted great and seemed to be very fresh. I always just get fruit on my yogurt but they also have a lot of great non-fruit toppings (brownie bites, samona cookies, mochi, etc). Now the yogurt. I thought it was very good. I only had the original so I cannot vouch for the other flavors....but the original was very refreshing and definitely hits the spot.It takes me an hour to get to Ann Arbor. Would I drive all the way up there for a yogurt (for a Pinkberry I definitely would)? I don't know...but I think if you are in the area you should definetly stop in and try some for yourself. I am praying that Michigan catches on to the tart fro-yo craze and more places start to pop up. I mean really ... why is Michigan always the last state to get anything (we still don't have a Jamba Juice!)Come on Michigan!!!! Lets get with the program and grab onto the frozen yogurt trend thats sweeping the nation!
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2009,7/27/2009,5,7,1,8,5>So it looks like the reviews of this place so far have been pretty bipolar.  Fortunately, when I went it was an "up" night.  I came here for a date.  Earlier in the day I tried making reservations for the evening, but they said they were full and then they asked for my phone number in case of a cancellation.  I thought this was a nice gesture, but figured they wouldn't call back, so I made plans for Indian food.Well, they did call back - right before we were about to leave.  Since I had wanted to try this place for a while we headed to Clawson.  The atmosphere I would describe as earthly modern - if that's even a real term.  The dining area is totally open, so you can do a little people watching if you're into that.  Some of the tables are positioned a little close together, but nothing where you're bumping elbows with your neighbor or anything.  We ordered the cauliflower appetizer, which was pretty good.  My date loved it I think.  For main courses, I got the veal, which was excellent.  The sauce (specifics escape me sorry) it came with complemented it perfectly and the cut had plenty of tasty fat.  She ordered the pistachio encrusted sea bass.  This was also very good - there are lot of ingredients in this dish, but they end up being subtle and come together quite well.  Usually she doesn't finish everything she orders to protect her figure or whatever and I'm able to get the rest of it.  No such luck this time.  For dessert, we had the zeppole (italian donuts) with espresso chocolate sauce, which was good as well.Don't come here expecting Olive Garden sized portions.  There is no endless bread basket or bottomless can of Chef Boyardee or whatever.  The portions are just enough I think.  Price wise is it a little expensive?  Yeah, maybe a little.  But I think Due Venti's food and atmosphere is charming enough to offset this cost.
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2009,7/26/2009,9,19,4,8,3>My husband and I went to Ocean Prime last night with good friends for their Anniversary. The decor is very very nice. We started by sitting at the bar and having cocktails and the truffle popcorn. The truffle popcorn was OK, nothing in my opinion to write home about. Now the Berries and Bubbles cocktail that my friend and I had was very yummy, and the fact that it was smoking and actually bubbling was way cool. The bubbles and smoke are created by putting a sliver of dried ice in the bottom of the glass. Yes we took a picture :o) Now my friends husband had a dirty martini and seemed happy. The only person who was not happy was my husband. He wanted a red beer, they had only one to choose from. Very disappointing. I mean for such a upscale place to only have one red beer was needless to say surprising and unfortunate. There was a musician in the corner playing a sax which is very neat, but seriously the curly mullet has to GO!!! After sitting at the bar we were led to our table which was one of the 1/2 circle booths, very comfortable with a large table area to spread out in. The lighting at Ocean Prime is pretty cool. The indoor waitstaff wore black trousers and white jackets, very nice. We started by ordering a bottle of wine that led to two it was so good.  We ordered the Meritage, Estancia, Paso Robles, 2005, California.Our friends have gotten us into ordering a bunch of appetizers verses an entree. And we love doing this! We get to try many more things and, we all share, and many times we end up trying something we wouldn't have in the first place. So here is what we ordered with my review of each: Smoking Shell Fish Tower, this is market value and they build it based on what you want on it and how many are in your party. We had 5 Oysters (our friends eat these we do not), 8 Shrimp which are totally shrimp on steroids!!! Very firm and tasty!! Lump Crab Meat that was so fresh and tasty and the sauce was divine. And of course the smoking part is dried ice, which is pretty cool. This was again Market Value, so it was on the pricey side. Was it worth it, I think it was Truffle Deviled Eggs, OMG YUMMY!!! They put a little caviar on the top which just made it that much better. I would order again. Sonoma Goat Cheese Ravioli with Golden Oak Mushrooms, I would have to say this was by far my favorite! If I could only order one thing this would be it! Ahi Tuna Tartar, Avocado, Ginger Ponzu, I'm not a tuna fan, but I always try something once. This had nice flavor, but not my thing. Prime Beef Carpaccio, Creamy Horseradish, was very good, but I prefer the Carpaccio at Brio, I wouldn't order this again.... Crispy Fried Crab Cake, Yellow Corn Cream, was good not great, would not order again. Off the sides menu we got the Truffle Mac-N-Cheese. Was very rich and creamy but I still have not found a Mac-N-Cheese to beat the one they use to serve at Avenue Diner on Woodward!! We all finished with each couple ordering their Crisp Wedge of Iceberg, Red Onion, Smoked Bacon, Grape Tomatoes, Blue Cheese, Cabernet Buttermilk Dressing. This was very yummy and I loved the fact that since we told them that each couple would be splitting a salad that they split it for us. Very nice touch. Now dessert.... Our friends ordered the White Chocolate Key Lime Tart w/ Whipped Cream and Vanilla Anglaise. They liked it. My husband and I ordered the Valrhona Chocolate Cake, Hand Spun Vanilla Bean Ice Cream & Chocolate Sauce. This is the cake that when you get into the middle of it, it oozes out warm chocolate. This was soooooo yummy!!! My husband and I had a little hockey match on the plate with our forks fighting for every bite, so I highly recommend this dessert! All in all everything was good. Service was top notch. It's new, entertaining with all the dry ice they use for presentation, but I feel it's a bit over-priced. Would I go back, yes, but not for a while, will need to save some cash. Now if your swimming in money, then by all means go go go, you won't be disappointed. Now saying that, you have to remember, this review is on appetizers and dessert, we did not order any entrees. Have fun and enjoy!
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2009,7/25/2009,45,40,1,3,2>So Bob G went to the opening night and it sounds like his poor experience had much more to do with the chaos of having an unexpectedly large crowd in a new facility.  I gave this place a couple of days and came in in the mid afternoon on a Sunday and had a great experience. The bartender who served me was super friendly, funny, and helpful. All of the TVs were working and the place is spacious enough to feel like the big suburban sports bars, but with the outdoor patio and large windows on nine mile fits really well in downtown Ferndale. I think this bar is a great addition to downtown Ferndale and that's a great thing.On a lesser note, my pizza could have been cooked a little longer, but it was still yummy.  If it was a little better done I would have given 5 stars... I'll come again and give another menu item a try and see what happens.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,7/23/2009,60,311,,3,4>Everybody loves a good sandwich, but with deli's and sandwiches popping up everywhere it's sometimes hard to discern the good form the bad. I can certify the awesomeness of Detroit's Mudgies. Located on Porter Street in the old Eph McNally space, Mudgies, although new, has certainly made a name for themselves already. But when you offer tasty and fresh soups and sandwiches, it's to be expected. Mudgie's is a tiny tiny joint, seating only 12, which gives it that great NYC deli feel to it right in the Corktown neighborhood. Mudgies offers customers a ton of sandwich options from the Vedgie that has walnuts, coleslaw, veggies and more all wrap up in lawash, the Jerk, which is roasted chicken breast, homemade jerk mayo and other goodies. In addition, to the sandwiches the restaurant has come up with, Mudiges also offers customers the build your own option where you can get anything from pine nuts, roast beef, spinach spread, cranberries, dill havarti, and more on your choice of bread.With the winter months on the way, it's also much appreciated the this darling deli offers homemade soups daily. And to finish off your meal how about a bread pudding waffle. Oh, that's right folks. Mudgie's takes their homemade bread pudding and serves it in waffle form, soft, crunchy, sweet and savory all at once.So for those of you that are sandwiches nuts like me, grab some friends and go to Mudgies where great service and tasty food from salds to sandwiches to soups is a definite.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2009,7/22/2009,7,22,1,3,2>I've lived in Ann Arbor my whole life.  On those occasions I want to go out  for pizza rather than ordering in, Pizza House is the only place I consider!  It's got very convenient hours and has really nice ambience inside.  The pizza crust is slightly sweet, and the tomato sauce has a tangy sweet-herbed flavor which I haven't tasted anywhere else.  The cheese:sauce ratio is ideal for me, about 60:40.  My fave is the traditional crust with sausage, mushrooms and green peppers.My boyfriend has lived in NYC for 3 years and Pizza House is still his favorite.  I'm shocked at the reviewers who didn't like the pizza here!  No, it's not the floppy greasy kind that you eat off a paper plate for $2 a slice after you've been drinking all night.  It's a perfectly balanced kind of pizza that you're going to pay a little bit more for.Also, they have TONS of other entrees and desserts and drinks for those who aren't huge pizza fans.
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2009,7/21/2009,19,109,1,3,3>this, IMO, gets a 5 star review because marvin's got the perfect mix!about 5-6 pinball tables.... all good ones, including a pre-80's one that had doorbells for for sounds and a family guy table.sweet fortune teller machines of all sorts... look up and you'll see cool planes and really really cool old circus posters.Marvin is a character himself, if you are a girl and got tattoos he might offer to show you his teeth. Otherwise ask, they're neat. If you stop and talk to him he'll point out cool artifacts and posters that you probably would have missed otherwise.i love the mechanical boxes that were made mid-20th century or before...they portray things like a man in a bathtub of spaghetti enjoying a feast... of spaghetti.there's of course little games for kiddies and the kind you win tickets with, i got fuzzy dice!!
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2009,7/20/2009,52,123,21,11,7>DISCLAIMER: The events of this review may have been clouded by the consumption of adult beverages. If you are under 21, or otherwise easily offended, please stop reading here. The sound track of the evening was provided by Jimmy Buffet "Waisted away again on Lake Belleville Searching for my lost pint of Crown Royal Some people claim that there's a co-worker to blame But I know its nobodys fault" I had a night out with my co-workers. What the PC corporate world calls a "Team Building Event" was in reality a lets blow off some steam kinda night. So we met in downtown Belleville to grab some supplies from the local party store which had all a boater could need. Beer, Ice and live bait. Well, nobody is actually fishing tonight, so skip the bait. As we walked into the party store an interesting sight caught my eye. A refrigerated deli meat counter, but there was no ham, no salami, no cheese. The case was filled with pint bottles of various brands and proofs. Hmmm, I thought, this could be interesting. So with the supplies purchased, we headed down the backstair to the dock were we climbed aboard. Soon the gear was stowed, and the Evenrude 200 (the most advanced 2-stroke motor there is) pushed the bow of the Sea Dog up toward the setting sun. Grab onto your hats gentlemen, it's gonna be a windy ride. "I slipped on a hand bar Fell off at a sand bar Waters damn cold had to scamper aboard But theres no more beer in the cooler A problem best solved sooner Throttle on full as we head to Johhny's""Waisted away again on Lake Belleville Searching for my lost pint of Crown Royal Some people claim that there's a co-worker to blame Now I think Hell, it could be my fault" Johnny's On the Lake is an interesting place. A Sports Bar & Grill, with all that .  A true 5-star? No. But it's darn convenient when your hot, thirsty and hungry. We tied up the boat to the dock and had our choice of seating. Outside on the deck, or inside air conditioned bliss with a nice view of the lake. On a 90 degree evening with the Sun still baking the deck we chose the later. Heck, they even have tables out on the dock for folks unable to navigate the stairway. The menu is typical bar food with a few stretches. People were raving about their Fish 'n Chips. I ordered a 14oz New York Strip Steak for $14.99 along with a bowl of French Onion soup and a Baked Potato. The French Onion Soup was very good. The Steak was delivered as ordered, Medium-Rare. It was a little fatty, but tasty. Not the best I've ever had, but definitely a nomination for the best steak I ever stumbled off a boat for. The beer selection was strong including a Bell's Oberon and a nice Belgian Ale, to which I can't remember the name. They even have a outside dockside bar that you can pull up to and be served without actually having to climb off your boat. Now that's customer service. And as we left, guitar amps were being hefted in, so it looks like they may have live music too. So for food, I'd give Johhny's a 3-star, But considering the bar and they do have one killer demographic, they only restaurant on the lake with dockage, I go with a 4-star. It's all about location, location, location... "Waisted away again on Lake Belleville Searching for my lost pint of Crown Royal Some people claim that there's a co-worker to blame But I know its my own damn fault Yes and some people claim that there's a co-worker to blame And I know its my own damn fault"
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2009,7/19/2009,45,114,3,6,4>A couple of weeks ago was my first visit to Eddie's. It's really diner style, which is such a rare treat. I ordered the Chicken Marsala which comes in a wine flavored reduction along with big pieces of mushrooms in the sauce. I adore mushrooms so I absolutely loved how generous they are with them!  The serving is two large chicken breasts which have been lightly pan fried then topped with the sauce which is made to order. It was refreshing to see they didnt have a big pan of "Chicken Marsala in sauce" and just plop some out. The lady taking my order asked if I would like a salad. Sure. Then she said what kind of soup. Wow. I get soup too?! And a nice serving of steamed broccolli. Now for the soup, it was such an old school cream of broccolli recipe I was positive someone's grandma was back there making it!  I haven't tasted cream of broccolli soup like that since I was five years old in my grandma's kitchen, trying to eat without dribbling it in my lap. The pieces of broccolli were still firm and bright green, laying in a pool of extra velvety cream soup. Rock on Eddie's.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,7/18/2009,25,94,,9,6>Absolutely, hands down, the best Farmer's Market in Metro Detroit.This summer we've saught out all the markets within 25 miles of us, including trips to Eastern Market, Plymouth, Oakland County (pontiac), and many more.  The quality and variety at Royal Oak is unparalleled at any other markets that we visited.Not only do they have a great selection, they have 2 certified organic growers (haven't even seen 1 at any other markets) and multiple local/ethically raised livestock farms.  One booth does solely grass-fed beef while another does chicken, pork, and other animal products.  A third has great eggs and fresh cheese.There's always something exciting and seasonal from cherries and blueberries to apples and squashes.  Top it off with a booth that sells dried beans and flour and another that does fresh syrup and it's a chef's dream come true.We drive 35 minutes to get to this farmer's market and we go every single Saturday.  Yeah, it's that awesome.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2009,7/17/2009,103,152,,17,10>An east-sider told me about this place so I figured it must be good if she drives all that way to shop here.  I have been to flower day at Eastern Market in the last several years but I think I like this place better now.  The selection is quite similar as are the prices and in some cases better.  The biggest reason I would recommend this place over Eastern Market is that it's easier and more convenient to get a shopping cart or one of those big wagons around the various greenhouses.  Checkout is a snap too, the people working there at the register work in pairs and get you checked out quickly.  They do take credit cards here which is a big plus.There are some 42 greenhouses here, set aside some time to browse and have fun!  The store is located on the northeast corner of Eureka and Middlebelt, you can't miss it.  NOTE:  Call ahead for hours of operation.  They have limited amount of time open in May and then typically shut down after Memorial Day, and then re-open again to the public around July 15.  Memorial Day weekend I'm told is the best time to visit this place for flowers.  I highly recommend checking it out!
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,7/16/2009,16,22,2,9,6>As an audience member and a student of their intermediate course, I cannot recommend Go Comedy! enough. It pains me to live in Ferndale and be so close to Go! and not be able to go there every chance I get. Case in point: Wednesday night is their most amazing night, with a crowd that seems to just appear out of thin air to catch the great line-up, which includes the "Launch Box" team and the open jam dubbed "Fresh Sauce."Come for the improv, stay for the Double Chocolate Stout on tap.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,7/15/2009,20,23,9,8,9>True love can be found in an X-large meat lovers. Saturday night, half past nine. The weather man with plastic hair says the forecast calls for continuous showers. Your eyes shift restlessly, searching the tv face for something of interest. Instead, you get 42" of pure fluff. You grab the keys and some cash, dashing into the downpour. Your body hungers, but not just for food. You're looking for comfort. The kind that makes you forget about your cursed love life, border-line human rights violating job, and the fact that your moon roof is leaking precipitation down your back. Note: imagining you have an rocket propelled ejector seat is not good for the structural integrity of your honda civic. You flip out your phone, wait for the other end to pick up and thankfully mutter a few words before quickly hanging up. "Won't be long now," you whisper to yourself. "Almost there."You pull in, stride inside and politely wait at the counter. You lock your eyes on the tiny tv in the corner.  The man saunters to the front, holding a large rectangular box.Your salvation. It has everything you'd want in a pizza: generous toppings, soft dough, and gooey cheese (my deepest condolences to my lactose intolerant compatriots). Green Lantern is the friend everyone deserves: simple, authentic, and dependable. My #1 pick for pizza in metro-Detroit.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2009,7/13/2009,215,177,4,6,4>Ever since a co-worker of mine recommended Muncy's for my Toyota Corolla wagon, I have been a solid fan.  This was over 10 years ago.I can't imagine taking my car anywhere else!  AND it's right here in my neighborhood.  Plus, it's family-owned and operated.  Local businesses get my business!The staff of Bill Muncy's Service I hold in very high esteem.  They are very nice people, their knowledge of import cars is impeccable, and their prices are very competitive and fair.  They have never tried to sell me something and perhaps most importantly, they respect me as a customer. As in, they don't treat me like a bimbo because I'm a woman.  VERY IMPORTANT.  Let me repeat: girls--no, everyone--bring them your Hondas and Toyotas, your Volkswagens yearning to idle free.If something happens and you have to get your car towed there, they have a key drop-off box.  I have never had a bad experience with the kind folks at Muncy's. Hell, one time I was driving a Ford beater (this was between the Corolla and my current ride) they let me bring it in for a look see.Now THAT is service!
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,7/12/2009,27,44,2,8,5>I took my Pomeranian Armani here a few weeks ago to get his haircut and I am sooo impressed with the service I received.  I dropped him off and he was ready exactly when they said he would be. His grooming was top notch, he smelled great and he got a bandana and some treats to take home! Everyone there, from Liz Blondy the owner to the receptionist was friendly and helpful. Parking was easy, I just pulled up right in front of the building on Cass and went on in. Cost was also very reasonable for what I had done, $30.00 for bath, haircut, and nail trim. They also have many activities to take your pet to so check out their website for upcoming events.  All in all, I highly recommend Canine to Five and encourage all dog owners to take their pets here and support local business.
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,7/11/2009,81,83,4,7,6>Do you watch the Food Network Show Drive-ins, Diners and Dives? Well Erma's looks like it belongs on that show. It's your typical older-fashion custard stand in downtown Utica, stand next to a huge dirt parking lot filled with cars and people come from all around for some of this custard. Each week there is two special custard flavors. From Orange Pineapple to Toasted Coconut to an autumn fav Pumpkin to an Espresso Coffee. The huge variety is around 40 different flavors. Erma's also has about 30 different parfaits, all simply illustrated with wooden cutouts on the building making choosing easy (or in my case hard... so many yummy ones) The parfaits are tasty!! Great quality in the nuts, fruit, of course the custard as well! I also had a twist cone to really see what this custard is all about, and it's earned four stars in my book!
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2009,7/10/2009,21,70,3,6,9>Nightlife? What's that? Since I am a 40-something guy who enjoys sleep, it is safe to say that this review will cover The Emory's breakfast/brunch-time offerings. It is not often that you can walk into a place that caters to a hipster bar crowd and expect anything remotely good on a breakfast menu. Happily, The Emory proves that generalization wrong.I like the spaciousness of the dining area with its high-backed booths and natural lighting. It needs to have plenty of lighting, otherwise, the darkly toned decor would make it feel too dreary. The ventilation, at times, was more blustery than I would prefer but, considering it is also a nighttime bar, I can appreciate the need for it to be that way. Fortunately, the temperature wasn't set to "nipply".The service is above par and friendly; quick with the coffee refills. I ordered the breakfast nacho after consulting with our waitress. It brought a smile to my lips when it arrived (see photo). The chips were obviously made in-house. They were light, crisp and puffy -- perfect! The salsa was fresh as were all of the ingredients. The portions are generous and you'll need a cool, recyclable takeout box (see another photo). Quick edit: Another thing cool about the recyclable container: MICROWAVABLE!This is a comfortably relaxed place that delivers the goods when it comes to the overall experience.
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2009,7/9/2009,91,194,17,4,4>I don't trust vegetarians.  There's just something wrong with people who don't eat meat.  Every time a vegetarian has invited me to dine out with him/her, I always end up regretting it.Wheat gluten forced to resemble beef brisket?  That's just wrong.  Soy hot dogs, soy patties..I mean.  C'mon.  If you want stuff that tastes like meat, then just eat meat.  Animals are meant to be hugged, and then slaughtered as a delicious delight.With that said, you should realize that if I'm such a carnivore, then the fact that I'd be happy to eat at Earthen Jar should tell you something.  The food there is delicious.  They use the spices the way you should use them:  to make non-meat items actually yummy to eat.Most of the time though, I don't eat there (because I love meat too much and end up at one of the Indian buffets in town).  I do go in and get their mango lassi.  Best in town, hands down.N.B.  This is not a romantic joint.  It's in an old house and you pay for your food by the pound.  I can just imagine a date there:  "Honey, I don't have enough money for that much food.  How 'bout you do my wallet and your waistline a favor and get less food?"
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,7/8/2009,1,9,,5,7>If the very idea of spending more than $10 for a deli sandwich offends you, just keep moving. Other reviewers have accused Zingerman's of using "above-average" ingredients, but that is inaccurate, and misses the point entirely. They use the best ingredients that can be found--cost be damned--and pass these ingredients and their cost on to you.The sandwiches are awesome. They all pack a huge flavor punch, and the flavor is good, real good. This is a foodie's paradise.  The only criticism I could level is that there are really no subtle sandwiches on the menu. All the one's I've tried come at you with in-your-face flavor, which you do have to be in the mood for.For me, though, the sandwiches are less than half of the equation. The gourmet foodstuffs they sell here comprise the best curated stock I have ever seen, anywhere, period. There may be a food shop this good in New York, Chicago, or Boston, but I've spent a lot of time in those cities and I've never seen it. Dozens of jellies, jams, olive oils, vinegars (balsamic, white wine, sherry, etc.), honeys, mustards, hard to find herbs and spices, Spanish almonds, perfect peanuts, etc., etc., etc. I haven't even started on the meats and breads, which are just as good. And this is in Ann Arbor.That said, you are going to pay and pay hard for this stuff. When you can find the same thing somewhere else, it's generally 10-20% less. The problem is finding it. And Zingerman's does make up for this little tariff of theirs by letting you sample almost anything in the shop. In fact they almost make you try their food. It's hard to leave without being offered something to eat.Zingerman's combined with Monahan's Seafood, Sparrow Meat Market, and Bello Rosso (for wine, beer, and produce) make Ann Arbor the best food town I've ever lived in, which is all the more impressive since I've lived in cities 30 times its size.When price is absolutely no object and you want the best food on the planet, head to Zingerman's.
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2009,7/7/2009,21,32,3,5,3>I've been going to Scottys all my life and loved it every time. I grew up a few miles away in North Rosedale and I can remember the days when there would be a line out the door on Fridays for carry out.It's pretty much the same inside as back when I was a kid. Same hockey tropheys, same fish on the walls, same people working there (at least some of them). It's one of the last businesses left on the old Brightmore drag of Fenkell and it deserves big props for sticking around when just about everything else moved out.The fish is fantastic, though don't even think about the calories or fat. Perfectly crispy and tasty. Like I said, I've been eating it for over 30 years and NEVER had a bad piece of fish. I love this place. It's part of my life and I'll probably come back here a couple of times a year at a minimum until it's gone (or I'm gone).  My sister always got the chicken when we were kids and I have to say - the chicken pretty much sucks. Stick to the Fish and Chips and you can't go wrong.Very reasonably priced (about 10 bucks out the door) and it feels good to  me to support a place like this. One word of caution - the neighborhood ain't no joke. Be careful. It's about as bad as Detroit gets, so don't go there thinking you're in a nice area. You're not and its pretty obvious to everyone you don't live there. Never had a problem myselft, but I've seen some pretty scary characters walking around there. Don't let that stop you from going, just be aware of your surroundings and lock your shit up before you go in. On Fridays when they are most busy, they actually have a guard or two watching the cars. Don't be a cheapster. Throw them a buck or two for watching your ride.Support Scotty's. Your stomach and your soul will thank you.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2009,7/6/2009,5,9,1,7,5>9 years of being vegan and 11 years in the food service industry have taught me a lot about food: what makes food good, how food could be better, the worth of a gourmet vegan meal... and let's just say that all of my experience and knowledge inform me that Inn Season is the best vegetarian restaurant I have ever been to!My date took me there for dinner and I swooned at the gorgeous salads, exciting pizza (soy cheese, yeah!) and delicious vegan opera cake!  For Valentine's day, we returned and ordered entrees on special for the evening and I flipped for the complex and compelling taste combinations, the quality of the vegetables and the excitement of decadent dessert...For my birthday, I brought 8 friends out to Inn Season to celebrate and we all had the most amazing time!  Every appetizer was perfection (the roasted red pepper hummus with flatbread, the shitake mushrooms and rice!), the entrees were a delight (i had another special that was sensational! friends enjoyed stir fries, pizza, pasta and enchiladas) and to top it off my friends had requested a whole cake be brought to the table!  It was deliciously delectable and decadent!!!  A vanilla cake with a lemony curd in between the layers and a rich icing to top it off pleased every guest (only one other vegan, the other seven are proud carnivores!).  It was the perfect birthday meal!!!Not only is the food impeccably prepared, but the wait staff are consistently helpful and friendly.  The price may be slightly high, but I think it is worth every dime!  I dream about going to Inn Season weekly, but try to save it for special occasions as I never want the magic spell they have cast to be broken...
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,7/5/2009,9,44,3,6,4>YUM.Honestly, that's all I had to say. I guess you could complain about food being too expensive, but, honestly, you get what you pay for. And what you get here is a generous serving of delicious food that perfects the concept of a "twist on the original." Lemon-blueberry pancakes? Yum. Gold medal grilled cheese? AMAZING. Anything with eggs? Incredible. (Try the sweet potato scramble with havarti cheese and bacon--it's straight-up amazing! I keep ordering it despite the fact that there are so many other things on the menu to try just because I love it so much.)
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,7/4/2009,150,31,1,7,7>Other reviewers have nailed it: The waitstaff operates at super-human speed! I assure you, you will wait for nothing and your glass will always be full.This is probably my favorite non-Mexicantown Mexican restaurant. I love their casual atmosphere and attentive staff. I've ordered a variety of menu items and have yet to be disappointed. They have great (free) chips and salsa as soon as you're seated.The only additional thing I'd ask for is an alcohol menu; it's a little weird getting Mexican food sans Sangria or Margarita. My guess is it's a license issue, so I can't fault them for it.As Micah mentioned, many restaurants have failed in their location. El Patio's survival is a testament to their service and quality food.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2009,7/3/2009,54,196,1,5,4>Went here tonight with my parents, who were visiting from Philadelphia.  I liked this place for a few reasons:1. Their non-smoking section was a separate room, such that once you were in it, you weren't bothered by the stale smell of cigarette smoke in the other room.2.  They had a very large menu, with something for everyone, and everything looked amazing and tasted as good as it sounded. I had the perch, was was simple but quite good, especially when I spread some of their homemade Dijon on it (ask for their Dijon instead of the tartar sauce it comes with).  I also had some smoked shrimp as an appetizer....it was heavenly!3.  Our waitress was super personable and quite helpful.  She allowed us to enjoy our food at a relaxed pace.4. Their decor was pretty neat...wood paneling interior walls, with framed posters of fish as well as water-themed framed copies of "The New Yorker."One thing, though: I'd go to this place for lunch instead of dinner in the future; I think about 90% of their menu is the same for lunch and dinner, so you might as well save some money (going here for lunch is about $6 cheaper for most of the seafood dishes).
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2009,7/2/2009,7,47,4,4,3>Embers Deli is to corned beef, what the Pope is to Catholicism. I know, I know... but it really is that good!I stop in here at least once per month for one of the most amazing sandwiches I've even eaten.  Corned beef on rye with swiss cheese and russian dressing. It comes with a huge pickle and sometimes they'll give you coleslaw on the side. The corned beef (lean and so tender it just falls apart) is piled so high you can't actually bite in the sandwich! I can only half so I can make 2 meals out of this... all for $9!They also have amazing homemade soups, potato salad, spinach pie, baklava... the list is endless. They've recently added curbside pickup which I haven't tried yet... but I may have to soon :-)Mmmmmmmmmmmm...
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,7/1/2009,25,13,2,6,7>I'm not sure how long TJ's has been around, but my trip there today was the first time I've ever visted the store and certainly won't be the last!  Jam-packed with vintage treasures for men, women, and some housewares, there's a lot to take in and it's worth your time to peruse the racks. I appreciated that the store owners took the time to arrange the women's dresses by size (S, M, L, and XL), making it much easier to focus in on only those items that might fit.  There's a great selection of women's dress shoes and boots, hats, and purses, some jewelery, a cabinet of vintage lingerie and slips, and a nice selection of mens clothing and shoes as well. When I visited TJ's today, a Saturday morning, they had a little bazaar going on in the room adjoining the main store.  About a half-dozen vendors were selling vintage clothes, housewares, jewelery, and more.
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,6/30/2009,332,128,2,9,5>Heyo!It's a hidden sliver of a restaurant on Washington.  I didn't see it the first time we went there.  I picked the place for 10 of us to have lunch because it got a lot of good reviews on Yelp.Tip #1: Make a reservation if you plan on going.  The place is not that big and it tends to fill pretty quickly.Tip #2: Don't go here if you're looking for typical food.  This is place you want to go to try out more unique menu items.  You can't even get a ceasar salad here.Tip #3: Don't be in a hurry here.  You have to make time to have their award winning, Oprah-approved grilled cheese sandwich, followed by a cup of Earl Grey tea, and maybe dessert.  This will get you the full experience of the atmosphere and time to appreciate the flavors that Cafe Muse has to offer.You MUST go here if you're a foodie and you want to slow down the day a bit.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,6/29/2009,17,66,6,10,8>GENERAL: The point of the co-op is to pool resources and promote community through local living.  HIGH PRICES & BARGAINS SIDE-BY-SIDE:Just like any other store there will be those who say it's expensive and those who say there are bargains to be found. I say both are true.  Could I go to Whole Foods and get most of this stuff? Yes, about 75-80% of what is sold there is sold in Whole Foods, but some things are not.  When you shop by sales and use the coupons you get as a member, you can certainly find some Great bargains weekly.   What I love best is that I'm shopping within my community, I can walk there, I can take a bus near there, I can bike there. Parking is pretty good, especially on weekends (and weekday nights)  when both lots are open nearby.  Park free after 6. CONS: They need to stock more Michigan and more local produce. They need to stock more local items period. The fuels used to transport all this food from Mexico, Cali, and other parts of the world defeats the purpose of the co-op.  More local stuff. Also- whoever told them to start using plastic bags should be canned. No deposits back on bottles. (Just recycle them kids, sorry)KUDOS:Sales.  When they have sales on certain items (and they do all the time) the sales are Good.  You can get Annie's dressings on a "2-For" price, bags of chips for cheap, cereals, etc...  Their dry goods section, while it could be expanded, is pretty sweet, and the prices are CHEAPER than Whole Foods, while dry items are often from Michigan. You can bring back your corn-based plastic containers from the dry goods to be composted.  They sell fabric bags as most places do for shopping, and overall for a very small space, their place does good. Cheese selection is excellent for most of it being local.  Sure, there are imports, but the local cheeses are extremely reasonably priced. WORDS OF ADVICE:If you expect to walk into this place and see something equal to Whole Foods, forget it.  The sheer square footage does not allow for that.  I like the Co-op better than Whole Foods. As far as price- you get what you pay for and you need to be a savvy shopper no matter where you shop, not just at the co-op.  If you are really penny pinching, then go to the A2 Farmers Market on Sat. mornings or go to the dollar store in your area. What more can I say.  Or, buy a block of cheap cheese at the co-op. I_heart_the_co-op.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2009,6/28/2009,39,100,2,3,4>When Vinology first opened, my wife and I had a perfectly acceptable meal here. At the time, I probably would have graded the restaurant around 3 stars, as it had a menu that had bright spots but the vibe just wasn't there and the service was pretty bad. Like all restaurants, it had its growing pains, and after a few months we went back and received great service but the menu wasn't quite in shape yet.We didn't really think to go back until we heard that the restaurant changed chefs and adopted a philosophy of buying ingredients from local farmers and suppliers. After hearing this change in attitude, we decided to go back and check out the new restaurant and we were very pleasantly surprised to see it had really grown into a pretty cool place.The small plates menu changes somewhat infrequently but often you'll find something fun and unusual, and mixing 3 or 4 small plates with a flight of wine can be a perfect way to experience this place for the first time. The dinner menu has some really choice items, and like the small plates it changes here and there. Chef Brandon Johns has a really keen eye for mixing together unusual ingredients and making something really cool with it, and he often roams the restaurant striking up conversations about the food and the atmosphere.The decor is pretty awesome and the booths in particular are really fun to just chill out in. The wine selection is outstanding, as you would guess, and the flights are really well mixed. Even just hanging out at the bar can be fun, their ice wine martini's are really excellent and you usually get prompt service even when its busy.I understand that some people feel daunted by the atmosphere (read some of the defensive reviews below to see what I mean) but if you actually pay attention you'll find the wait staff is very nice and not at all stuffy or rude. As a perfect example, just last night my wife and I came in dressed in scrubby summer clothes and didn't exactly break the bank (two small plates and one glass of wine) and we still received excellent service despite not being the stereotypical customer.In short, this is another one of my favorite restaurants in town and I think that it makes for an interesting and fun dining experience.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,6/27/2009,660,114,4,17,10>Let's discuss value for a second.  It is pretty rare nowadays to get a decent meal quickly and for that meal to be inexpensive.  Yeah, you can get a lunch special for $7.95 and be out of the restaurant for around $10, but that's not doable everyday (at least for me it isn't).  Consider for a second a place that offers high quality, delicious food with lunch specials for as low as $2.95! Well, my friends, Los Altos is that place.  Yes, you read right - $2.95 lunch special that consist of 2 of the best tacos you'll ever have with perfectly cooked rice and a some of the most outrageous beans.  Seriously, the rice & beans alone are worth the money.  There is a choice between refried or whole beans - I opted for the whole beans, but I imagine the refried are pretty tasty, too.  But wait a second, lets go back to the beginning of the experience.  Immediately after being seated, a huge tray is placed in on the table (mind you, I was ALONE).  This tray includes fresh, spicy pico de gallo, a creamy avocado dip, medium spice house salsa, radishes, limes, & 1 other salsa that had a smoky, roasted flavor.  With these, of course, is a basket of very tasty tortilla chips.  Quite honestly, I could've made a meal out of this tray with 1 or 2 tacos (which are only $1 a piece!).About the tacos, they are traditional - onion & cilantro on top of the meat on a corn tortilla (flour tortillas are available for an extra charge as is cheese, but cheese isn't necessary on these tacos).  I ordered the taco dinner - 4 tacos with rice & beans.  It was like a meat sampler on my plate - I tried al pastor (pork), asada (steak), cabeza (beef head), & lengua (beef tongue).  All of these were delicious, especially the cabeza which has an intense beefy flavor & must be tried at least once.  On each taco, I would spoon a bit of the avocado dip, some pico, add a couple slices of radish, & a squeeze of lime - it was like heaven.  After devouring my plate, I wanted to order another immediately.  I almost ordered more beans & rice and a tripe taco for dessert!I held back though & stuck to the more traditional Tres Leches cake for dessert.  I love this cake & this was as good as the one from Mi Pueblo.  Rich, luscious, sweet, dense, & cool - perfect for a warm day.I must admit that I have been craving Los Altos since I left.  It is an amazing restaurant that is definitely worth seeking out.****CASH ONLY****
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,6/26/2009,103,74,4,6,6>I just returned from the Culinary Escapes Cutting Edge Cuisine tour of Royal Oak - I am stuffed, happy, and dreaming of my next food tour. Honestly this was one of the most amazing food experiences I have had. Mark and Ann made this tour fun and interesting.You begin at the Royal Oaks Farmer's Market. You can easily spot the Culinary Escapes team in their bright orange polo shirts. The parking lots was crazy from the Farmer's Market traffic and I would suggest  parking on a street and walking there. After everyone has gathered, they hand out personal listening devices that go over your ear so that you can always hear what the guide (Mark) is saying. We sampled O'Gradys nut butters in the market (try the almond!), there was also gnocci from a local pasta company (that I really wish I could remember because they said they were going to be coming out with a gluten-free pasta!), and learned about maple syrup straight from the guy that makes it. Really great Farmer's Market - looking forward to going back.We then hit up various stops around Royal Oak including Superior Fish, Zumba Mexican Grille, Memphis Smoke, Vintner's Cellar, Royal Oak Brewery, Goldfish Tea, Gayle's Chocolates, Pizza Paesano, and Hermann's Bakery. You get to check out these locations and sort of feel like a regular. The owner, brewmaster, baker, etc. gave a short talk about what we were trying, about the location, and a few other interesting tidbits. We were plenty full by the end of the tour and enjoyed the leisurely walk around Royal Oak. Can't wait to get some friends to come with us on one of the new tours (Birmingham and Ferndale) in July! If you like food you really need to check out Culinary Escapes!
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,6/25/2009,13,21,3,3,4>C L O S E D.....................another knitting store GONE.............what are us yarn lovers supposed to do now! ?  Guess I'll have to open my own yarn shop.
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2009,6/24/2009,47,75,,6,6>My first encounter with Paco's Tacos was on Saturday of the 2008 Cinco de Mayo festival in Clark Park.  It was cold, dark, and wet, but the people were so nice, and the tacos de carnitas were so incredible, that I came back the next day.  And, I'm glad I did, because Sunday was a real party.Since they're located in Ecorse, making them the farthest taqueria for me, I hadn't gotten the chance to visit their actual restaurant, but had dreamed about it since May 2008.  And, last Friday, I finally got my chance.  After work, we stopped by Riverside Park, and then drove Jefferson from Clark, where it starts on the other side of the port, for about five miles.  After driving next to treatment plants, mills, foundries, and sundry industrial operations, we finally arrived at Paco's Tacos.The inside is my favorite of all of the Mexican restaurants, although it almost has a more Central or South American feel.  And, they have the menu pictures on the wall, like Lupita's.  The carnitas were good, but the real highlight was something I didn't know about until we got there - incredible fish tacos for $1 each.  They don't have horchata, but their ten flavors of Jarritos (I went with the pineapple) makes up for it.  And, their chicken botana is excellent as well.A little bit of a hike, but def worth it, esp for the fish tacos.  And, the people are super nice - some of the best at any restaurant.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,6/23/2009,33,105,4,5,6>What can I say about this fantastic restaurant that hasn't already been said? I am being picky and giving 4 stars instead of 5 because of the atmosphere (small and smokey) and the fact that they don't take credit cards... and don't tell you until you pay. (yes, I am hanging my head in shame for not noticing that from the other reviews, I will do better next time). The food is hands down a 5 star! Both my husband and I grew up eating grandma's homemade Polish food and we both agreed and that grandma would approve of  the PVC. Since we do not frequent Hamtramck often, we got enough peirogis to take home to eat for another meal or two. They were by far the best I have tasted (sorry mom).There is no doubt in my mind that we will be back at PVC, though I am now determined to try Polonia (apparently it got a thumbs up from Anthony Bourdain and I cannot agrue with that) and Under the Eagle also.... but they will have to impress the hell out of me to keep me away from PVC.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2009,6/22/2009,19,19,4,4,4>Our daughter loves this place.  Pizza + Gelato = tummy goodness.Eaten here on numerous occasions, and love it.  I've never been to Brooklyn, nor had NY Pizza, so I'll just take the rest of the Yelpers' opinions on here and say it is authentic.  Usually a 16 incher + gelato is enough for our family of 3.  Add the fact is is within walking distance to a pretty cool park and you can make an evening of it.  They have outdoor seating, they take credit cards now, and the people are always nice.  This place never disappoints.   Now eat there.  Otherwise, I will find you, and force a slice down your throat.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2008,6/20/2009,43,35,4,5,4>Totally worth it. The fried chicken is what keeps me coming back. Listen, I'm not gonna get fried chicken very often, and when I do I want it to be the best fried chicken available. I like how they ask what kind of chicken meat you prefer. I like the presentation (looks like a boxed meal you'd take on a long train ride, in say the late 1800's). And as far as the portions go- more than enough. Service - always awesome. It's a good sign when one of the titans of the Zingerman's empire is walking around filling water glasses. They have a Farmer's market on summer Thursdays - and taste samples of what you can make with some of the produce that's for sale!They have AMAZING cocktails. The cocktail menu is categorized by era, so not only are you having a cocktail, you're drinking history (that might be some massive rationalization on my part, but I'm totally comfortable with that).If you're into the story of your meal (knowing that many of the ingredients are produced by artisan farmers, that there is respect paid to each and every ordinary ingredient going into the recipe, and that there is a history behind the dish),  if you value good service and a connection to the community - check out the Roadhouse. If you don't care about those things and aren't willing to pay for them, this isn't the place for you.
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2009,6/19/2009,139,103,3,8,7>This is a truly AMAZING hidden gem near east Dearborn.  The great home cooking that the people do here screams of someone who really cares about the food they serve, and actually has the great pallet to back it up.The lemon chicken is definitely epic, and i have friends who eat this twice a week.  (It's really that good!)  The kafta is hearty and fulfilling.  The turkey burger they serve on Wednesday is a true marvel, and tastes better than most beef burgers out there.  The cream of tomato soup is great (All though I need to salt it to my taste.)  As an FYI, this place is cash only, and a hair on the pricier side for lunch, but it's so totally worth it.  Damn, now i'm thinking about turkey burger...
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2009,6/18/2009,380,907,2,10,4>I love this hip, swanky, well-decorated lounge.  It's not everyone's scene, but if it is, you will love the Bosco.  On the east side of Woodward in Ferndale, north of Nine Mile, the facade resembles an H&R Block.  Inside the atmosphere is energetic but not frantic.  The music is great and the spectrum of electronic and dance music is played.  The walls are lined with tables and seating the the main bar towards the front.  Whenever I've been in the Bosco the screen has showed a variety of films from bollywood to Brigitte Bardot flicks.  An outdoor patio is attached to the back of the lounge.  There is never a cover, but sometimes there is a line to get in.The Bosco has a full bar and a short list of specialty drinks including a tequila caiperena and various mojitos.  The drinks are expertly prepared and delicious.  The only drawback to this bar is that the drinks are quite expensive.  For inexpensive drinks go to Passport Tuesdays, where you are served drinks for $2 if you present your passport at the door.If you're in to the lounge scene, check out the Bosco and you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,6/17/2009,22,24,6,7,9>I think there is a Vietnamese vegetable cartel that secretly controls the freshest produce in Michigan.  The vegetables here are always perfect.  I eat here about once a week and I've never seen a single bruised basil leaf.Everything tastes like spring.  The owners are sweet and love to chat with the customers.  I think they are the only Vietnamese restaurant that serves sandwiches; a dish that came from the French occupation of Vietnam.  I've never been a fan of colonialism but you can't argue about the food it created.  The sandwiches come on a fresh, crusty baguette with pork skin or some other meat but the pork is so good there is no reason to eat anything else.  Fresh carrots, radish, basil, mint, and jalapenos garnish it and when you eat them you want to cry.
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2009,6/16/2009,233,46,11,15,10>I had never heard of Simply Good until recently.  Some chums of mine had taken a class there and highly recommended it, so I checked it out.  At the time, me and the then-fiancee/now-wife were not doing much in the form of dates as we were really busy preparing for our wedding and also trying to save money.  We checked out Simply Good though and thought this would be a great post-wedding date to go on in extended celebration, so we applied to join one of their classes and were accepted to take a class only weeks after we get married.Wedding happened; honeymoon happened.  Yay!Go back to work - I get laid off from my job.  Boo!Immediately, the missus goes into panic mode and wants to cut all social programs.  I swear she's a Republican-in-training (I kid).  In the slice-and-dice process of all things fun, she wants to cancel our scheduled "sautéed salmon" class.  That is where I had to put my foot down.  I said, "You can take away trips to Main Art and Ronin, but you will not take this one-off event away from me!  I mean, c'mon... it's educational for cooking's sake!"Fast forward to last night, note I won that battle and even if I lose the war, I am a happy chump.Simply Good Kitchen focuses on two things - cooking and teaching.  On Tuesday through Fridays, owners and head chefs - Shanny and Bill  Apodaca - give cooking classes that revolve around the 5 basic cooking techniques that they deem, if mastered, will ensure that every dish you make will be great.  Those techniques being sauté, grill, roast, braise and poach.As you might remember in my rambling, we took the sautéed salmon class last night.  In the class, Shanny and Bill demonstrate how to prepare the dishes, then their students get to taste them.  These are not hands-on classes.  I would suggest OCC or Schoolcraft for that.  Both Shanny and Bill seem to recommend their programs.The "taste" portions are just regular servings.  They started out with a garbanzo bean salad with yogurt dressing.  Mind you, when they teach, they are constantly giving tips on how to make your cooking experience better.  For example, in our session, Shanny taught us how to properly use and care for your knives and Bill showed us how to taper the sharp taste of an onion (spoiler: soak them in cold water).  Students are given print-outs of the recipes being made and pens are also provided to take notes.  Boy, did I ever take notes!  I thought I knew how to throw down in the kitchen - not anymore.Our main entree was a sautéed salmon served witha  salsa of blackened green onion, sun-dried tomatoes finished with red wine vinegar.  It was placed on top of polenta that was layered with carmelized onion and portobello mushrooms.Seriously, OMG.  I never do that EVER, but seriously, the salad was very tasty, but the salmon and polenta - OH MY GOD.  I am not a big fan of polenta.  I would rather eat cornbread myself.  I am not into really eating regular cornmeal, regardless if it's fried, but the way it was prepared by Bill using Parmesan cheese was enough to change my mind on the mealy dish.  And now, I know how to replicate it and I plan to make it often at home.We finished off with a serving of butterscotch pudding.  In the midst of learning how to make this highly-delectable treat, we learned how to first make caramel (sugar and cream) and butterscotch (add 4 more ingredients to caramel), which blew this lover-of-sweet's mind on how easy it was to make his favorite treats.  Needless to say, I'll be making homemade caramel and butterscotch soon too.Simply Good Kitchen also sells "gourmet TV dinners" and many of the signature items that they use to cook with.  They sell many cooking utensils that they recommend one should have in their own kitchens.  All in all, our experience was 5-stars.  I wanted to knock off a star, due to the price ($58/person) as at first I thought they were charging a lot for a 3-course meal.  Thing is, the few lessons we got in the class were more than worth the price of admission for people that love to cook but are not close to being chefs.  Shanny and Bill do not come cheap and they should not, because they know what they are doing and they provide a great service!  Besides, if they were the chefs at a fancy restaurant, we probably would have been paying about the same except without all the lovely educational nuggets.I hear on Tuesday through Saturday they have a hot dog cart in their parking lot of their establishment from 11am to 2:30pm.  You can get Chicago-style, plain grills hot dogs or their homemade specialty sausages.  I will check that out soon and report back.Seriously, this is highly recommended if you can afford it and love to cook, along with loving to eat.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,6/15/2009,191,72,4,10,5>Oh my god. Oh my god. Just the words "Jade Tiki" make me salivate. This has been a staple in my parents' household since I can remember, though for some reason it was always IN their household. We never ate at the restaurant. We always got take-out. I don't know why; I've since eaten there several times and it's great. I have to say though, for some reason it's better sitting at my mom's kitchen table, or upstairs in front of the TV, eating off of actual TV tables. Awww, the ritual of my mom getting bowls, spoons, forks, soy sauce and drinks, and putting them on a tray and carrying it all upstairs in anticipation of the yummy Jade Tiki bags still chokes me up. (Even though the restaurant is huge, they do way more business from take-out. While you eat dinner, at least ten people will com in to pick up their orders.)We love the almond chicken. It is moist and juicy white meat with the crunchiest, tastiest coating on it. I don't personally care for the orange gravy, but everyone else likes it. My mom loves the vegetable egg foo yung, my grandpa (Pop) always gets moo goo gai pan and my grandma (Nonnie) orders sweet and sour chicken -- all good. Won ton, egg rolls, hot tea -- all on point.But hear this: You will never eat a better roll at a Chinese restaurant than the spring roll at Jade Tiki. The wrap is crispy and the filling is a succulent blend of shrimp, chicken and some sort of oozy sauce that -- when combined with a little hot mustard, some soy sauce (a lot of soy sauce, in my case) and that great sweet plum sauce -- is like manna from heaven.When I was younger, I never ate the spring rolls (I didn't eat much of anything but cheese and pizza, come to think of it), but now that I've had them, I'm tempted to just order six spring rolls and forget the rest. One thing about eating in at Jade Tiki, they have a sick array of drinks. Like, crazy drinks from the 60s that you never here about any more. Mai tai, Singapore Sling -- and they're like $3.75!! I have to admit, I've never ordered one, but I see the full bar, so just know it's available.A last reminder: Please order the spring rolls! You will not be disappointed. Forget the egg rolls. Egg rolls are for chumps. JADE TIKI SPRING ROLLS. It's like some sort of hint from god that he actually exists.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2009,6/14/2009,99,529,8,11,4>Wow.Just, wow.These are the apple fritters I have been DYING FOR ever since we moved to the area seven months ago.Ferndale is a bit out of my normal routine, so I waited until I had another appointment in the area, and made sure to stop in the morning (9:30ish). It is a very small place, and all the seats at the counter were taken by what I can only assume were regulars - they just had that look about them. There were donuts aplenty, too...some on the counter, some in the case, and some on the wall. The ones in the case were not labelled, but any donut afficionado could tell they were fritters and cinnamon rolls, LOL. The donuts on the wall were labelled (everything from sour cream glazed to strawberry-filled to german chocolate topped with coconut). I have to admit my eyes glazed over at the variety. The young guy behind the counter welcomed me and asked how old my baby was, and then chatted a bit as he had one a few months older. I told him I had been dying for a good apple fritter and heard this was the place. He laughed and said "Well, that IS our name! But ALL the donuts are good!" So I started picking donuts I wanted and hell, I ended up with almost $22 worth of donuts! The fritters (and other specialty donuts) are $1.50 each, while the regular donuts were 12 for $7. I think I am going to make myself sick on donuts for the next few days, but I just had to try a bunch of them since I was there. Right?So when I was done I had this huge box of donuts, and I was trying to figure out just how I was going to get the donuts AND the baby back to the car...when one of the old gentleman sitting at the counter asked if I needed help. He then proceeded to carry my donuts to the car and place them where I wanted! What service! (He also helped the worker fold boxes for customers, so he must be a VERY regular customer!)It took nerves of steel to not dive in to the box before my appointment. And when I finally did? Wow, deeeeelicious donuts. And the apple fritter? Wow, soooo good. With real pieces of apple in it, even.I highly recommend this place for donuts, and especially for apple fritters.Now, please excuse me while I go snarf another donut. Mmmmm.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,6/13/2009,794,350,4,5,5>I agree with Sandra B. their chocolate milk is just the best ever imagined! It is so thick you almost have to chew it. It's so thick you almost have to thin it out with white milk. I grew up on Calders and nothing compares....I have been saved, There is a grocery store in Farmingthon that sells Calder Bros. Dairy, Harvest Fresh in Farmington and 9 Mile. Now I don't have to go down to L.P. when I get the urge. The only thing I miss is their ice cream......
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2009,6/12/2009,114,12,,5,2>Finally! J. Neil's Mongolian Grille is open!It was a bit of a running joke with my wife and I that we'd never see it open. After years of work, it has indeed opened - and with it, the addition of another vibrant destination on Michigan Avenue in downtown Ypsilanti.If you have been to a Mongolian-style place before, you know what to expect. Lots of things to make bowls to then have cooked in front of you. Sides consist of soups, salad bar, tortillas, brown and steamed white rice.For an extra dollar, you can get the "unlimited" stir fry - or if you're not super hungry, you can do a smaller pre-determined bowl.All in all, well worth the wait - anxious to see if this brings more people to the downtown Michigan Avenue corridor. It should - with the newly expanded Tap Room and the brand new SPARK East across the street.
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2009,6/11/2009,182,168,4,11,6>I'm on board with Joe T., this place really scratches my soul food itch! I especially love restaurants that give complimentary anything, but at B&C they don't just give you anything.... they give you hot and fresh corn bread and mouthwatering sweet-potato mini muffins (my stomach is a bottomless pit for those lil bad boys!)For all you fatty fish lovers, I really recommend you try the fried catfish fingers... they're coated with cornmeal... very interesting appetizer. Most of their entrees rock, except, and I hate to say this... their fried chicken is just too dry and that's a little sad for a soul food joint to not make fried chicken right! Other than that, every thing else on their menu is awesome especially their roasted chicken. As for their sides, I always stick to red-rice and beans, mac n cheese and mashed potatoes... their collard greens are great too!I've never really had dessert at this place except for one time when they gave us red velvet cake complimentary b/c our waiter accidentally dropped our napkin on the floor.... it wasn't a big deal to us, but they insisted so who were we to refuse? lolI really like their hospitality and comfort food which is what keeps me coming back.
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2009,6/10/2009,28,101,3,4,4>When our neighbors told my husband and I about this place, my first thought was this is a place for yuppies to take their dogs. After attending a meetup to tour the facilities, talking to the employees, dog owners and playing with their pups - I was hooked!The people who work here truly care about dogs. After our dog Yoshi went through an interview, we filled out the application forms, supplied the necessary vaccinations certificate from our vet and he was on his way to playing with the other dogs. The neat features about Dogtopia is that there is an indoor and fenced in outdoor area for the dogs to play in. They are always monitored by the "dog sitters" and always available to watch on webcam!After bringing Yoshi here a few times we can see a difference in the way he interacts with people and other dogs. We think he might have been abused by previous owners, so he has been skiddish around new people. His confidence has definitely increased since bringing him here.Another awesome benefit of bringing your dog here is that if you have a rescue/adopted dog, your first visit is free! Also, if you bring your dog here on Saturday, the dog daycare service is half off!In addition to pet daycare, overnight boarding, training, and "spa"  services are also available.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,6/8/2009,81,26,12,15,8>Big Mama's doesn't have a Yelp yet? What's wrong with your people? It's time to put Big Mama's on the cyberspace map, and I'm happy to do the honors.I'm from Down South, and I know soul food. I'm very happy to report that Big Mama's does too. A friend clued me into this place recently, and I will be back and back and back. Expect classic favorites like fried chicken, smothered pork chops, BBQ ribs, meatloaf, and liver and onions. You get your choice of 2 sides, too, like collard greens, candied yams, black-eyed peas and mac'n'cheese. Expect $8-$11 meals at dinner time, a pricey fact tempered by GINORMOUS portions. (I fed 2 people from one meal and still had leftovers)Expect also to be eating in the car out of styrofoam (unless you can wait til home), as this is a take-away joint, and you gotta order through the plexiglass, as if you were in Detroit proper and not the edge of Redford - but whatever. At least you know patrons aren't sneezing on the food laid out before you, which is displayed buffet style, ordered via shout-and-point from the very nice ladies who work there.I'd give it five stars, but I must temper my enthusiasm for the genre in case there is some yet undiscovered Soul Food paradise in the Detroit wilderness, akin to Dunbar's in New Orleans, by which all soul food is judged in my mind. (Also, there was no fried okra on the menu, and they were out of a couple of entrees at 7pm). Consider this 4.5 stars. And go there. If you are a fan of soul food, you won't be disappointed.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2009,6/7/2009,67,175,4,8,4>Much more than a fruit market, this 7-Eleven sized vendor is very nearly a full-line grocery store tucked back in one of the end-caps of a small strip mall (or "lifestyle center" if you want to believe the Canton planning commission).  You can't get everything you want here, but then again, about every other time we go to Meijer they are completely out of the very thing we are going there for. The meat is always a great deal and good quality, but plan on using it the same day.   For some reason it doesn't seem to keep in my fridge as well as meat from the big chain grocers - not sure if that is a good or bad thing.  They have some specialty marinated varieties, Dearborn sausage and a full deli line as well.  While the namesake of the store, the fruit isn't actually the high point of this store.  It is a fairly timid line-up of staple fruits that Randazzo's down the road easily beats (although I am not sure that is a fair comparison).  There are specialty ethnic items in the dairy section, an olive bar, and lots of fresh baked goods from a Dearborn bakery.  Whether you are stopping for some hummus and grape-leaf rolls for lunch, or grabbing dinner fixin's on the way home from work, this neighborhood establishment is well worth frequenting.  PS - Go ahead and try one of the date cookies at the checkout counter.  You know you want to.
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,6/6/2009,18,37,6,7,6>Oh, cruel fate - why must you reveal to me my idyllic neighborhood diner a mere 6 months before I move away?Noni's is my go-to-place for a quiet Sunday breakfast, for the "Ooh, gyros!" craving and for the "Thanks for visiting, Mom" lunch.  The atmosphere is warm & welcoming, with pictures of the owner's family posted behind the cash register and the man in charge coming around to talk with the patrons.The waitstaff have always been excellent and the food is just what you want from a diner.  Classic dishes, executed properly without fuss or fanfare.  I don't want you to infuse my eggs with rosemary truffle oil, and I certainly don't care what Appellation d'Origine Contrôlée my coffee beans were granted.  I want reliable comfort food in a homey atmosphere and Noni's provides that every single time.    The only possible criticism I can think of for Noni's is that their menu is a little too wide ranging: burgers + salads + pita/gyro + blue plate specials + barbeque + pasta + breakfast is a bit of a reach.  However, they're new so I'm granting them the "finding their way" grace period of 6 months to a year - go eat there so they can continue to hone their craft.
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,6/5/2009,5,16,,3,4>Motor City Brewing is my favorite place in Detroit.  I sometimes fantasize about one day creating a replica MCBW in my home.  It is the most comfortable place to grab a pint I know of.  The interior is bright and open, quite different from other dark, smoky and crowded places around town.  It is best in the summer when they open all the doors or you can go up on the roof deck.  Their signature beer selection is always top notch.  My personal favorite is the Nut Brown.  The pizza is also great.  2 or 3 vegetarian options.  The Danimal is my personal favorite.  Recently I had one with capers that was the most interesting tasting pizza i've ever had.  I can't remember the name of that one though.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2009,6/4/2009,387,597,9,18,8>Wow. I went into this place and my head was spinning. They have:- SUPER cheap spices (talking like less than $4 for a quarter pound of cloves)- endless supply of lentils, teas, and rices- no booze- all kinds of flower flavored syrups- exotic jams and cookies- some really strange fruit/vegetables- sunflower seeds BY THE POUND- at least 20 kinds of olives, all for $4.99 a pound or less (green ones were $2.99 a pound)- pickled things! - all sorts of German and English chocolates- extreeeeemely cheap produce (that's so ripe, but probably won't last long) I'm talking like 21 limes for a $1, $1.29/lb plums, 9 prickly pear fruits for $1, $0.99/lb green almonds,  I mean... cheap. I went here and I lost Vikram. As I stared at the piles of sunflower seeds he wooshed off to go tongue waving at the mangoes and sugar cane. I bought loquoy? Something with an L that looks like a cross between a kumquat and a persimmon and tastes exactly like no other fruit I've ever had? I also bought green almonds. I've never ever had a green almond before. You pop them open in your mouth and eat the seed. Tastes nothing like an almond as you know it. They have a fresh juice bar there with coffees, and a pastry case and a butcher that looked really popular. Pretty cool place. Pretty cool experience. I stand out like a sore thumb, but whatever. Downside: there's a billion misbehaving annoying kids, and the parking lot is pure hell.
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2009,6/3/2009,34,45,3,4,4>Just recently flew out on Air Tran to Atlanta from the brand new terminal.  Very nice, open, spacious, clean and bright. I agree Atlanta has a very fast train system, where the Mac terminal tram seems more of a novelty, I usually use all the moving sidewalks.Here's a funny thing. Leaving the newest terminal walking over the road to get to transportation they didnt extend the moving sidewalk to the very end, it ends about 15-20 feet from where you would expect it to... Workers at the airport also commented on it... Over all though both terminals are very clean and brand new.
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,6/2/2009,15,21,1,6,4>Hands down the best massage I've had in the area. It's that kind of straight-forward and "real" deal that I look for. It doesn't have the luxuriousness and decor/ambiance that some upscale spa place offers. But it is everything you expect for a good massage experience: friendliness, clean, comfort, easy parking, and most importantly a top-notch therapist who knows your body immediately and work with it with perfect pressure. I told my therapist, Colleen Lett, who is also the owner of Peak Performance, that due to my profession my main stress spots are shoulder, neck, upper back and arms. She got it and gave me a full-hour massage just focusing on those areas. I felt so great when I walked out and loved the fact there's no waiting, no "hidden" extra time for check in and shower (when I come from home and really do just want a massage), no dozen other girls walking around asking if I want coffee/tea, etc. Those are the things I am not crazy about that create burdens when I think of going to spas. And this place is just so efficient and you get what you expect. You call and make appointment with Colleen and you go right on time for the service that starts right away, in and out within a hour, easy to fit in a shopping break or before a lunch with friends.Woohoo, massage has never been so easy and great!
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,6/1/2009,9,26,3,5,6>This is my favorite Thai place. I have two dishes that are particular faves -- wait, make that three -- gang gai, gang kew warn, and pad se'ew. I love the flavor they have achieved in their curry dishes, which I think might come from a combination of the fish sauce, kaffir lime, and the other rhizome (not ginger) that is mixed into the curry mixture that rests near the cooks' station.My favorite thing about ordering carryout here is watching them prepare the dish while I wait, just across from where you order it. I also appreciate that they include a wedge of lemon or lime with the noodle dishes. Lime goes very well squeezed over a warm order of pad se'ew. Totally addictive food!
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2009,5/30/2009,43,122,1,5,3>I'm a newbie to the realm of biking. When I initially walked into the doors of Macomb Bike & Fitness I only had a vague idea of what I wanted/needed and no idea at all if what I thought I needed was even accurate.But I was pretty much approached immediately upon entering the store and welcomed warmly. Not in an obnoxious salesmen type way, but a friendly type way. I told 'em my situation, they genuinely listened to my needs, and started showing me bikes right away. Hell, they even let me take them out for test rides and told me to "take my time." I believe the actual quote was just to come back before they closed. Awesome.Although the shop is set towards more experienced bikers and their needs, it's not intimidating at all for newbies to walk into. The staff here is friendly and extremely willing to help you out. You know how some people have a hobby and they don't want other people to get into it because it's THEIR thing? The people at Macomb Bike & Fitness are basically the antithesis of that. They WANT you to become a biker, they WANT to help you out, and they seem to WANT to make sure you're a satisfied customer - whether you've been coming to their shop for years, are brand new to the idea of cycling, or whatever.They have a large selection of bikes available for different needs. From "comfort" bikes right up to mountain bikes, you can find it here. They sell accessories too to pimp your bike out from racks to install baskets, water bottles, lights, whatever. They take this stuff seriously and it shows.Having said that - these are not cheap bikes so don't come here if you're not looking for something serious. I don't think they're excessively priced either though... because these are nice bikes, but it's not for someone who would just be happy with a crappy Huffy from Meijer. They will measure you to ensure you get the proper fitting bike, adjust everything for you so it fits perfectly, and make sure your bike will last you a long time. They also provide free adjustments for the lifetime of the bike at their shop. Try getting that at Wal-Mart and/or Meijer. Another thing to note about the price is they will match any lower prices from local, authorized dealers of any of the bikes they sell in the store. So, if you find it cheaper somewhere else just buy it here and they'll match it for you - the lifetime service alone is worth it and they'll price match up to 30 days after your purchase.Once I actually bought my bike they gave me a schedule of a bunch of planned rides and free events they're hosting. They even offer a free bike maintenance class monthly for all the new blood like myself. This place is doing things right and doing it in a big way. I also hear they will give you free maps and locations to take your bike around and ride... but I haven't gotten that yet.The point of all this rambling is that Macomb Bike & Fitness is the place to go if you're in the market for a new bicycle. The staff will make sure you're taken care of and go above and beyond the call of duty. They'll answer all your stupid questions without making you feel stupid and they won't give you the bike-snob feel some elite cyclists can have. To top it all off they offer great services for the lifetime of your bike and you'd basically be a fool to go anywhere else in metro Detroit to buy a bicycle. And that's for real.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,5/29/2009,37,70,5,5,7>Greene's has the best sliders EVER!  And the onion rings are to die for!There's a small carry-out window on one end of the building.  If you go inside, there's a counter and then more bar stools around the windows so it's a tight fit and sometimes you have to ask people if they'll move over one seat so you can sit with your party.  My brother-in-law's mother lives in FL and he never gets on a plane without a bag of burgers from Greene's.  Can you just imagine how that plane must smell?  LOL
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2009,5/28/2009,252,310,4,5,6>Another one of the see and be seen, trendy/chic places to be at in metro Detroit! The crowd here is upscale, well dressed and VERY good looking. The fact that they can put a spin on Wednesday nights to make it their most happening night must say something about their popularity. If you are a fan of places like Ronin, Chen Chow Lounge and Kona Grill - then you will surely like this place. The Asian Fusion Bistro food is priced a tad steep but you get what you pay for. I had the Szechuan Fried Squid and Beef Dumplings appetizers and both were excellent. The squid was flash fried in a tasty, neutral tempura batter and was plentiful in quantity - and the beef dumplings were pan fried (you can also pick steamed) and they tasted good as well (though the inside was a beef mush similar to egg roll filling and I would have preferred actual beef pieces). The drinks are made with class here and pack a punch. The DJ sets up and plays good music and the background music prior to that is good too (first American place I've heard casually play Hindi/Indian music in the background). On Wednesday nights they even have a live drummer getting people in the mood. It's a truly one-of-a-kind place in Metro Detroit. And remember, it is dressier, women look stunning and men are GQ'ed up for the most part. Women wear your heels and men brown or black shoes preferably - they'll still let you in if you dress down - but you may feel out of place.The clientele is very noteworthy here. People watching in full throttle. I'm talking hot blondes from Birmingham, yuppies from Royal Oak, cute Chaldean girls from Sterling Heights, well maintained 40-somethings, unbuttoned Versace shirts and BMW keychains from Bloomfield,  & Univ. of Michigan alumni Asian folks, Indians, Eastern Europeans, wealthy upper middle class folks - the whole 9 yards of the Midwestern see & be seen crowd - I mean this place was the uppity/diverse slice of the pie of metro-Detroit. This place is just honestly overflowing with good looking folks and people having fun. It does get pretty packed and claustrophobic, it's a good thing they have an outdoor patio area. Also the parking lot could use renovation - as it's very pothole-ridden. Fair warning to those who like more modest establishments that this place may be a bit more intimidating and/or awkward to be at. Now, I myself am not the type to like this kind of a crowd all the time - I'm a modest metro Detroiter myself. But once in a while when celebrating a special night, or hosting out of towners in the metro - it's nice to show them places that resemble LA, NYC and Chicago - just to prove what the newspapers say about Detroit is wrong. We are Detroit as a metro - not just a city - and that's what makes us Detroit. We're Greater Detroit.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,5/27/2009,10,27,5,11,9>Turn-of-the-century charm takes a nosedive into contemporary working class Hamtramck at Cafe 1923, and oh, do I love this joint.One of the main reasons I love this place is that it offers indoor smoking, so you may not! Smoking is allowed in a inviting back room full of books and kitsch. I love smoking, books, and kitsch, so it's more comfortable than my own apartment.In the summers, the cafe offers an adorable outdoor courtyard. The front parlor of the cafe has beautiful hardwood floors, art from HATCH, a Hamtramck arts collective, and a gorgeous bar counter fashioned from a neighborhood bowling alley lane.The cafe's original freezer room, dry goods drawers, and classic ornate ceiling survived. This ain't no brand new Starbucks, the building's been around.The brewed coffee's a bit weak if you're a burn-your-tastebuds coffee drinker like me, so I go with Americanos here.Baristas are nice, owners quirky, regulars quirkier, and prices right.Only open until 9 pm M-F and 7 pm Saturday and Sunday, as long as you've got good evening plans, this cafe is perfect. Wifi, of course.Several reviews complained about 1923 not accepting credit cards. Look, folks, need I repeat: this is not Starbucks. Also, this is Detroit. Very few small local businesses are going to deal with credit card fees and hassle for your $3 latte. Prices are cheaper at local joints like 1923, so save a buck, and pony up at the ATM.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2009,5/26/2009,40,84,4,11,10>In the 12 years I've lived in the Plymouth/Canton/Westland areas I've been going to Randazzo's almost every other weekend. As most of the others who have been here know, a $20 bill will take you oh so far when it comes to produce. This is where I come for staples in my home kitchen. Lemons, Limes, Cilantro, Parsley, Garlic, Tomatoes, Onions, Potatoes, Bell Peppers, Mushrooms and Beans. They also have a fantastic selection of hot peppers, eggplant, Asian vegetables and some rarities. They receive shipments of fresh breads, pita and pastas daily. If you need other items, like crushed tomatoes, Italian specialties, cheap salad dressings, eggs, milk or fruit juices you can also find them here. Oft overlooked in these reviews is their planting and garden center. If you've got a green thumb, they have a great selection of perennials and annuals as well as some good sized bushes, shrubs and trees for your planting needs. As others have warned, get there early. This market is a VERY popular spot for the diverse populations of people that populate the Plymouth/Canton/Westland and Wayne areas. And these folks come out in force. You'll no doubt hear less than four or five different languages every time you're in, which adds to the experience in my opinion. Great value, great selection and great quality make this market my standby for all produce.
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2009,5/25/2009,91,123,3,3,3>I also was hesitant to review because I didn't want the place to get busy but the local spot is so good and the owner and staff are so nice it deserves all the business it can get. The breakfast is so good. There are always homemade speicals. Get the house bread with your breakfast! There are always a few unique flavor options like carmel apple. The tzatziki is amazing! Treat yourself to the black forest cheesecake too.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2008,5/24/2009,4,13,1,5,3>If you're under 37, the DSO has a deal for you. I recently joined their 3711 Club online and got an email offer for two free tickets to their performance of Brahms' Violin Concerto. Gil Shaham was the spirited violinist for this complex, legendary piece. Orchestra Hall is a beautiful venue, and I will definitely go to more shows, especially since I can get tickets for $11 each. Two small bars were open before the performance and during intermission ($9 for liquor). $7 parking at the garage on Parsons St.
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2009,5/23/2009,34,50,3,6,4>I've been to Cannella's many times and I love it.  Service can be a bit slow, but I don't mind; it contributes to the laid back, relaxed atmosphere of the place.  As for the food--the crepes are everything that they should be: light, delicate and airy.  Cannella's offers crepes in both the sweet and savory varieties.  I myself am particular to the savory crepes--I love the Crepe Lyon (bleu cheese, pear and walnuts), Crepe St. Maure (goat cheese, tomato and olive oil) and Crepe Normandie (apple, almond and brie).  Cannella's also serves soups, sandwiches and salads.  I've had some of the soups and salads, and they're good, but nothing spectacular.  I'll have to try a sandwich one of these days, but every time I'm at Cannella's, the crepes sing their siren song to me and I just can't forego the crepes in favor of a sandwich.  Also, the pastries are wonderful.  I think one of the best things that I've ever had in my life was a chocolate croissant from there--so so good.  Another bonus: good coffee and espresso. They used to serve Illy brand coffee and espresso, but now they serve Mokarabia (I think).  I liked when they served Illy, but I like Mokarabia even better. At any rate, I really appreciate a non-coffee shop serving up good coffee--that's hard to find these days.  As someone else pointed out, Cannella's is open late on the weekends, which is nice.  Also, there's outdoor seating in the summer.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2009,5/22/2009,60,86,4,8,6>Last night, I was giving a friend a ride home from the bar, and he lives right by Duly's. He brought it up, and as soon as he realized I hadn't been there, he insisted we stop for some food.From some older Downriver friends, I knew the place was kind of an institution. I still don't quite understand why, but I liked it, nonetheless.I wish I had known they had chili cheeseburgers. When it was still in Hamtramck, I used to get those at Genie's Wienies all the time.Either way, what I had was good. One chili dog with everything and chili cheese fries. I don't know if they make their own chili (they probably do), but it tasted better than the chili at Lafayette and American Coney Islands downtown. The fries were heartier, too. The hot dog itself was a higher-quality variety like Vienna or Koegel and didn't seem like it had been steaming for hours, which tends to be a problem at most restaurants of this sort at 3am on a Saturday morning. My friend had eggs, sausage, and jalapenos, which also looked really good. I didn't even realize they had breakfast until his food came. This is probably because he placed his order directly with the kitchen staff when he went to the bathroom, which is located somewhere back there. My food was prepared right behind the counter, much like at the downtown coney islands.I'm guessing the service, attitude, and atmosphere are what makes this place so popular. The other two reviews described the setting well enough. The long counter with no-back red stools is accurate. And in the back, there are three tables - one four-top and two two-tops. Almost all were full when we walked in, save for two stools at the back end. It was also very clean, which is something you gotta look for in a place like this. My friend lives right around the corner, and obviously eats there a lot. All the employees treated him like a king. Everyone seemed to know everyone and if they didn't, they were still amiable. Despite most of the customers obviously ending a long night at the bar at Duly's Place, none of them seemed unruly. And it was a wide range of people - different races and ages.Oh, also, my friend mentioned that when the film "The Rosary Murders" was shot at Holy Redeemer in 1989, the star of the film, Donald Sutherland hung out at Duly's a lot. Sure enough, when you go to pay your bill, you'll see two framed photos on the wall of Mr. Sutherland and some of his costars sitting at the counter.Cash only, and yes, it is very smoky in there.
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,5/21/2009,267,274,9,12,9>Attention yelpers...I have a job for you!!!! It involves eating yummy things so listen up!!You see, I love french macarons. If you have never had one before you seriously do not know what you are missing. Sadly, Michigan does not have many bakery's that carry this tasty treat. I heard a rumor that Pinwheel carried these delectable treats so I headed over to stock up!!! The bakery is very cute with a retro type feel to the design. I stepped up to thier display case of yumminess and searched for my macarons. Sadly there were none there.Here is where you come in yelpers. They advised me that they were not stocked today because the macarons were poor sellers?!?!?! I feel it is my job....nay, my duty to let Michigan know how delicous these cookies are. So...back to your job. Go to Pinwheel and ask for a macaron!!! Hopefully if enough people DO THEIR JOB then they will start stocking them again. You may think this is the end of my review...but its not. I mean...I was in a bakery..OF COURSE I am going to order up some goods! It was very hard to decide. Everything looked amazing. We decided to stack our bakery box full. We ordered up a peanut butter cookies stuffed with brownie bites, a key lime pie bar, a lemon tart, a bumpie cake and a lavender shortbread cookie. The husband and I scarfed down our cookies right then and there and saved the other treats for later. My shortbread cookie was amazing. I love things that include lavender so it already had me there. Even though it was small it packed a delicous butter punch. The husbands cookie was just so/so...I think the description sounded much better on paper then it tasted. oh well...not everything can be perfect. Our three other treats are currently chillin' in our fridge just calling our name. I will admit...I have tasted all three and they are all fabulous. I can't wait until my late night snack...I am counting down the minutes!
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,5/20/2009,60,311,1,8,6>This is probably my favorite place in the world and one of the reason I don't ever want to move from Detroit. John King Books is the absolute best bookstore. Screw Borders and B and N! Do they offer customers floor after floor after floor of records, used books in every subject, old photographs and postcards. No! Do they offer used books for mere dollars? No! Do they have staff bordering genius? Perhaps. But John King, Michigan's Largest Used bookseller, is a one of a kind place that everyone near and far should experience at least once in their life.Located on Lafayette, just outside of downtown Detroit, John King is a book lovers dream, volumes and volumes of fiction, non-fiction, children's books, biographies, religious themed books and more. I can't think of any subject or topic that John King doesn't have a section for. As big as this joint is you'd think it'd be disorganized, but no. Sections are clearly marked, categorized neatly, and staff(with sweet walkie talkies), are always willing to help if you get lost, which you probably will.As an English major while in college John King was my savior. I probably saved 1,000's of bucks getting my classics like Hemingway and Rand here. The prices are right and the finds are amazing. If you're not a hardcore book lover, one trip to John King will probably change that.
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2009,5/19/2009,101,180,1,3,4>Finally, after a year of searching, my taste buds have found a new home for Thai food in Clawson (or Royal Oak, whatever city street it's on).After an exhausting day at work and thinking of picking up Chinese from Golden Ball, I decided to give Thai Lanxang a try, hoping it could come close to my beloved Bangkok Cafe in Ferndale.Well, they did good!  I ordered the Pad Thai and was very pleased that it only cost $8.42 (tax included) and they are VERY generous with their servings, I easily have two meals out of this.My only beef today was the dried out lime I got with it, but that's a small price to pay for me being able to (finally, after 5 tries with 5 different places) get thai food close to home.
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,5/18/2009,30,103,5,4,5>I happened to be getting an oil change and had some time to kill, so I went for a walk in that little area by 9 Mile and Mack where I stumbled upon a little shop that sells one of my most favorite things - CHEESECAKE!  So, I was checking out their cases and trying to not buy something when I made the fatal mistake!  I asked the lady behind the counter, "How's your sugar-free cheesecake?"  Her response, "It's very good, let me get you a sample."  Any chance of me getting out of there without buying something went down in flames when I tried their sample.  If their sugar-free cheesecake is that good, how good could the rest of the stuff be?  So, I bought an 8-inch apple cheesecake for $13.  When I got home, I was rushing my husband through dinner because I was dying to try this stuff.  When we did - OMG - heaven!  It was soooooo creamy and not too rich with a hint of apple pie flavor (but not overpowering) and little chunks of apples in the cream cheese filling and topped with a brown sugar and nut topping.  My eyes were rolling in the back of my head!  This is great stuff - I can't wait to go back!  I have my eye on their White Chocolate Raspberry Cheesecake.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2009,5/17/2009,52,123,15,7,9>Ann Arbor, home of the University of Michigan, is all about tradition. Fielding, Fritz, Bennie, Ol'#98, Ron, Don, Bo, Rick, AC, Jamie, Jimmy, Tyrone, Desmond, Charles... All my hero's, last names not required. So Friday, while heading to A2 with a friend, I was introduced to some traditions new to me. Great flat up that alley way, sister lived over there in that apartment, I used to work here and then onto the tradition of Krazy Jim's. As it was explained to me, the Blimpie Burger isn't just a burger... It's a "burger system." You choose the number of patties, you choose the cheese, you choose the topping and you choose the bun. What an interesting concept, actually choosing your own ingredients. "Wow", I said... "You mean like Burger King... Have it Your Way?" "No Craig, It's NOTHING like Burger King." Said with a dash of traditional A2 condescension. So I ordered a "cheese burger with 4 patties, cheddar cheese with bacon and grilled onions on an onion roll." "No!", I was shouted down, "fries, onion rings or veggies?" Seems I broke protocol by not ordering the side dish first. No patients for rookies here. I better rehearse my burger order so I don't get yelled at again. "Quad, cheddar, bacon, onions, onion roll." It must of worked as a grunt is better than a shout. So, after consumption in a shoe-box like dining area rubbing elbows with half a dozen strangers, I must admit that the Blimpy Burger is very ,very good. Far and away better than Miller's. It doesn't dethrone Red Coat, but it's running neck and neck with Five Guy's. Blimpy has better buns. Five Guys gets the nod for meat and doesn't make me want to run out for a Tetanus shot. So what's holding me back from 5-stars? Well it's mainly things that many see as traditions. The problem with traditions and romancing your past is that it blinds you to the current realities. Issue 1: I don't like getting yelled at by the wait staff. Nowhere in any customer service reference have I ever seen is a recommendation to yell at the customer "Hey, how many times do I have to tell you to close the damn door?" I wanted to shout back "Hey, why don't you spend a nickle on this dump and post a sign on the damn door." But then caution kicked in as I realized this is the guy that would be cooking my food. One of the locals, that we sat with in the shoe-box section, said not to worry, snarky cooks was a tradition here. Swell, I guess everyone just needs to get over being shouted at by someone who's life ambition is to move up from Fry Boi to Grill Master. (see, I can do snarky too). Issue 2: The Onion Rings were terrible. 75% of the original batter fell off in the fryer or drain tray leaving a soggy, greasy mass of onions with no coating. To the local, that was traditional Blimpy Onion Rings. To an Onion Ring lover, this was a travesty. Issue 3: This place is not well maintained. It looks OK from the outside, but the traditional decor is worn, torn, dilapidated and dirty. Black goo oozing out from floor tiles that are curling at the edges. Cracked and stained ceiling tiles. Mylar panels that have sections worn through to wall board by chairs. With the line of people out the door, it would appear that there is a steady stream of revenue to fund a remodel. I was told that the place was remodeled "after the fire". What, the Chicago fire? Issue 4: Their production system consists of 3 guys behind the counter. Last in line is the guy that assembles your burger, adds condiments, lettuce, slices tomatoes, wraps your burger and takes your cash. They say that with this tradition, he doesn't intermingle his gloved food hand with his bare cash hand. If that were true, then please explain all those greasy hand prints on the cash register. Lunch proved two things 1) The Blimpie Burger is indeed tasty and 2) My white blood cells are up to the challenge. In closing I'd like to take a little sidebar. Just what in the hell are they building on the corner or Stadium and Main. They are destroying the most traditionally beautiful football stadium in the world. Makes you look fondly back to the days of the Halo. I guess this is in the name of progress... Is Krazy Jim thinking of progress? Not likely. But then again, if your skin is thick and your immune system strong, maybe a little tradition isn't a bad thing.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,5/16/2009,45,114,6,6,7>Good night! How could I give is less than five stars...the cream in this creamery is so real you're floating practically. You wonder, if cream had a liquor volume would this ice cream be 99.9 percent?!! I stopped by the frozen quart section. Peaches and cream? Yes for me. Cookies and cream? what if they do it right? I've got to try. Yes for me again. Oh oh....Chocolate chocolate chip..what if they do that right too and I leave it behind? Get one...oh!They do......Quiche Lorraine? My goodness. I didn't expect this..and its a creamery...how could they get this dairy intoxicated brunch wrong?  Buying one. At the counter, the cashier declares that 3 tubs of ice cream are get one free. I run back to the freezer and grab....Coffee ice cream. The very evening I bought this Oberweis purchase the Coffee was sampled. Oh my...its like cream rivers with coffee misters ( think bees being seduced to sleep by misters) sprayed at you. It is the BEST flavor ever. Haagen Dazs be damned.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2009,5/15/2009,56,309,4,5,6>This place holds a special spot in my heart, because it was once a Dentist office with "staff quarters".   But the dental office smell is gone, and it is nothing less than outstanding.  The staff is great and friendly, and there are enough hipster dufus types to make people watching really great.  Each room is different and holds it's own comfort.  They usually have live music, and poetry readings, and they are never lacking in inventive coffee drinks.  Visit, and sip, or hook up your caffeine IV.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/9/2009,5/14/2009,103,152,,8,3>My wife is from Poland and lived in Hamtramck so we had to try this place out!  We thought it had a pretty nice selection of authentic Polish food.  The deli is good and there's fridge and freezer sections of the store too.  As Christine mentioned they lack in the baked food areas.  My wife loves the fresh soft candies they have here.  The parking lot is a little beat up but inside everything is bright, clean, and well organized.  We will be coming here again soon I'm sure!
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,5/13/2009,6,3,5,6,6>If you're looking for the ultimate place for yummy, reasonably priced sushi in the greater Royal Oak area, this is the place to get it. The atmosphere is cozy and unpretentious and the crowd is a mix of area professionals of all ages. My favorite is the crunch roll (they do this preparation for a number of different fish, and they're all good). If you're not in the mood to hang out at the sushi bar, I'd for sure recommend their carry-out...it's always fast and fresh and makes a yummy treat for a casual night in. I noticed some other reviewers thought the prices were high...but I've actually found them more reasonable than Little Tree and the other sushi places in the area. Another bonus for baseball fans...I heard a rumor that Detroit Tigers players frequent Cafe Sushi during the season -- which seems somewhat plausible considering the autographs and pictures in the bar. I still have yet to see a player here in person, but I did see Hideki Matsui here when the Yankees were in town two summers ago. So apparently, it's the sushi of choice for the MLB :)
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,5/12/2009,20,23,4,8,8>THE place for Filipino food in Metro-Detroit.Strictly a take out establishment, Lutong Pinoy diminutively sits on the NW corner of John R and 13 Mile Rd, sharing space next to a palm reading shop (though you don't have to be clairvoyant to sense how good the food is.) With condensation dripping down the windows and door, the culinary throwdown awaits. Step inside and you're met by a simple counter with an attached serving station for a la cart. Simply point to your dish and choose your serving size (S, M, L). Not familiar with Filipino cuisine? Never hesitate to ask; they're happy elaborate.  Nothing fancy here; simple styrofoam containers and a plastic bag are all you get. For those particular about your car upholstery, you might want to double bag it. Potholes in mid-winter Michigan are no joke. How's the grub? From the dinuguan to the ampalaya to the menudo, each dish is so authentic and enjoyable it would make any filipino's eyes tear up with pride. Without skimping on the garnishes, each entree is a joy. The food tastes just like it was made by grandma because... well, some of the cooks are grandmas. Delightful! Also offering Chinese and Thai dishes, Lutong Pinoy will assuage both hunger and curiosity. Favorites: 1. Pinakbet2. Mungo Bean Stew with Pork3. Menudo4. 100 pc tray of Lumpia (fried eggrolls): I'd go with the $20 tray because you can't just have one. or 30.Having family over but don't want to go through the trouble of cooking? Two words: Catering trays. Their reasonably priced trays give you immense bang for the buck. Order a few days ahead and it'll be hot and ready for you to pick up. This place remains my "go to" place for authentic, Filipino cooking. Convenient for either a quick meal or a fully catered dinner party, Lutong Pinoy consistently satisfies and holds down a top spot in my food craving speed dial.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2009,5/9/2009,33,16,,12,5>Nestled in cozy Clawson, you'll find a gem in Due Venti. It's an intimate and personable locale featuring original, homemade northern Italian flavors of lemon, garlic, olives, white wines and homemade pastas. While it's across the street from a drive-in A&W and next to the (wonderful) soft serve Dairy-O, the blue collar neighborhood belies the sophistication waiting inside. We started with the meat and cheese plate. It was good fun to pick at, mix 'n match, etc. In addition to an interesting selection of meat and cheeses, Due Venti adds pickled cipollini onions and peppers to the mix - a nice touch. The chef's attention to acidity is something you'll see in later courses. We followed with the house salad. Featuring candied walnuts, a lemon vinaigrette dressing and leafy greens, it was one of the best tasting house salads I've ever had. Creative and refreshing. Yum.Now, Due Venti serves only wines by the glass from one select Michigan winery (the name escapes me - any Yelpers know?). I was concerned at first as Michigan wineries are most known for sweeter wines like Rieslings and fruit wines. However, the wines were great and surprised me. The sauvignon blanc and chardonnay were both delicious, drinkable and crisp. Both whites paired with our dishes very well and this is especially true for the salad.For entrees, we had the pistachio crusted sea bass and homemade (to order) potato gnocchi. The fish was moist, well prepared and served with a great white wine sauce. The gnocchi were the perfect size, texture and served with fresh vegetables and light garlic sauce. We were impressed mightily with both.We came this far - how about desert? I've seen other Yelpers reference the donuts and we did the same. A sweet, warm ending to the meal, they're delicious. The espresso chocolate dipping sauce is good in all the ways you want it to be. To describe Due Venti in one word: cohesive. Hidden in Clawson is not just a good restaurant but a good concept. A kind of holistic vision guides the seasonal menu and it's Due Venti's  strength. The chef creates continuity between courses with impressive flavors. The courses pair well with and against each other, creating a comprehensive dining experience.
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,5/8/2009,215,177,3,3,4>This place always has a hefty wait--but it's worth every nanosecond.I've ordered other egg items on the menu but...the star of the show is the red flannel hash.  I always order it without the flannel (i.e. BEETS) and I swear, aside from my own kitchen I have never tasted better corned beef hash.  Dinty Moore? Never heard of him!  Sourdough toast? Yes, please. Fresh fruit jam? Of course. Their Swat (hot) sauce?  My scrambled eggs pine for it!If sweet is your thing, head over to Toast, another great brunch place with funky atmosphere.  I prefer The Flytrap for its delicious savories and low key, "Can't talk, eating!" atmosphere.  Also, I'm addicted to the hash. Yeah. So what?They also do take-out!  Call ahead.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2009,5/7/2009,21,70,6,4,5>I had to up the rating here after taking advantage (big time!) of their $7.49 all-you-can-cram-into-a-large-carryout-container buffet deal. As the child of a man who managed to repeatedly fit a wife, eight children and luggage into the family station wagon, I have inherited the gene that gives me an above-average understanding of spatial relationships. Because of this, I feel a tad guilty when it comes to loading up my container from Lazybones. The guilt is eventually overtaken by another inherited trait from my father: the frugality gene. The ever-changing choices for the buffet are designed to keep you coming back for what's new. I smuggled out the smoked chicken, meatloaf, potato salad and coffee cake. My wife, who doesn't even care for meatloaf, loved it. It is places like this that make me unable to see myself as anything else but an omnivore.
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2009,5/6/2009,91,194,9,8,8>OK.  I wasn't going to bother reviewing Zingerman's because I thought, "This place is featured on Food Network every year.  Oprah sent her husband, Gayle, here who declared it one of the yummiest sandwiches ever.  I shouldn't need to tell people it's the best of the best."Then I look and it's only four stars.  So, I read some of the reviews.  "This place is too expensive...who pays $10 for a sandwich."While I agree with you, it's Zingerman's.  If you use the best bread, the best deli meat, the best cheese, the best spread, and serve it up with a smile, the cost is $10.  DEAL WITH IT.C'mon.  Go try my favorite.  #23.  Mary's Commute.  Perfectly made chicken salad, not too mayo-y, strips of sweet bacon all on top of challah bread.  It's absolute sin, not just because it tastes good, but because challah is a Jewish bread and yet there's pork in the sandwich :)And not just any pork..bacon.  Name a better meat than bacon.  There is none.  It's the pinnacle.Then, their reuben...my sister who hasn't lived in A2 for almost 10 years comes back here every so often to eat the reuben.  I'd like to think she's visiting me, but I know her true love:  it's this damn sandwich.So, deal with it.  You're paying for luxury.  And it's just a party in my mouth.And, the nail in the coffin as it were...is the fact that they do gangbusters mail order business.  Their sandwiches are SO good that people are crazy enough to have $50 reuben kits FedEx'ed to them.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,5/5/2009,5,22,,5,3>Best, most authentic Thai/ Lao food I've found in the area.  Thai boyfriend said it reminded him of food in his hometown.  I love the appetizers too -- for main dish try the cornish hen or the homemade Laoatian sausage.  Skip the fish cakes (frozen, not homemade), order the wonderful, flavorful salads -- Larb salad and papaya salad are wonderful.   If you want Americanized Thai food, move on.  If you want to try some really spicy (sure, they can mild  it down for you...), really flavorful food, this is your place.  Nice atmosphere, service as you'd expect in a family-run operation (son is a bit pokey, daughter is great, parents are cooking...)
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,5/4/2009,40,127,5,8,8>Y'all know me. Know how I earn a livin'. I'll catch this burger for you, but it ain't gonna be easy. Bad burger. Not like going down the pond chasin' bluegills and tommycods. This burger, swallow you whole. Little shakin', little tenderizin', an' down you go. And we gotta do it quick, that'll bring back your tourists, put all your businesses on a payin' basis. But it's not gonna be pleasant.I have an admission to make.You know how everyone has a movie they can quote from beginning to end? For me, Jaws is that movie. There is nothing about that movie that I don't love with all my heart. One of these days I really ought to make it to Jaws Fest, a yearly event that takes place at Martha's Vineyard, where the movie was filmed. With all that in mind, realize that there's no way I could conceive of giving a burger joint with a Jaws theme anything less than five stars.Honestly, I think they've earned the rating even after I remove my fanboy glasses. The food is just plain good. Not good for you but great tasting. Everything on their menu sounds delicious. With names like "frenzy burger" and the like, you really can't go wrong. Another really cool aspect is that the restaurant holds movie nights. They'll show a shark film or other cult favorite and you can watch on one of their several TVs while you scarf. That's really going above and beyond what's expected of a burger place.The decor is spot on. There is Jaws and other shark memorabilia adorning every wall and surface along with a large fish tank featuring a hand full of "iridescent sharks" which is really a sort of catfish. There's even a large hammerhead bust over the door with a burger in its mouth and glass of coke in its fin.A word of advice: You're going to need a bigger mouth. ;-)
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,5/3/2009,29,78,2,7,4>I have to agree this is an awesome pet store with great deals. I was so happy to find out about this place because they carry  Wysong which is a organic brand of dog food and the only food my dog will eat.  I used to buy it from a Pet Supplies Plus until they closed the location near my house.  I was trying to find other pet stores that carried the same brand with no luck.   I searched online for pet stores and started calling around and K 9  had it!  And they are located in Warren! (13 mile and Mound)   Anyhow they carry a few varieties and  It's about $7.99 for a bag.  This store is worth checking out because you might end up saving money on your pet food.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,5/2/2009,9,44,3,8,6>Like most of the other reviewers, I'm not from Livonia. In fact, I'm not from anywhere near Livonia. I took an hour (round-trip) out of my Sunday to get myself a cupcake and it was more than worth it.It would be enough if just the cupcakes were incredible. (Don't worry, they are.) However, the people who run the place are also delightful. The guy helping me recommended a bumpy cake cupcake (good recommendation!) and then was even nice enough to ask me which decoration I wanted on my MSU cupcake, basketball or Spartan. (There was an MSU game that afternoon.) And the prices were great; three cupcakes for an even $6? Awesome!Now, about those cupcakes ... I hate dry cupcakes, and too many bakery-style ones are. Either that, or to counteract the tendency to dry out, the baker will just make the cake too dense. Thankfully, neither of those issues present themselves in a Just Baked cupcake. They're light and fluffy and flavorful and just moist enough. And the frosting is incredible.I personally sampled two different cupcakes: the bumpy cake and a plain chocolate cupcake with white frosting. I couldn't even tell you which one I liked more. The bumpy cake one was so rich and delicious, with devil's food cupcake and delicious little creamy "bumps" and a yummy chocolate ganache frosting. But the plain chocolate was so simple and yummy, exactly what you think of when you hear "cupcake."So, in regards to Just Baked, I'm fairly certain you just can't go wrong. They have a selection of gourmet cupcakes that's so delicious that you'll feel like you'll never be able to choose, and then if you can't choose and just want a simple cupcake, they're equally delicious. This is the best cupcake I've ever purchased in Metro Detroit.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,5/1/2009,13,14,,4,4>I went here for the first time in early March 2009. Taste Pizza Bar is located in an upstairs space in a building on Times Square, behind the Times Square People Mover Station and very near the new Rosa Parks Bus Depot scheduled to open later in 2009. It has lots of exposed brick, and offers a hip vibe.  The place looks small at first but you'll notice it's pretty large with a sizeable "private room" in the back.There are about 18 different pizza choices, appetizers, sandwiches and salads. Each pizza has a quirky name like, the "Papparazzi". The pizza I ordered was good and the service was good as well. I was a little disappointed that they "ran out of strawberries" so the "Strawberry Mojito" We wanted to order was unavailable. The waitress did offer alternatives. That was nice considering many waitstaff just say, "We're out." and offer no other suggestions.I would definitely go again. Please try it for yourself and support downtown Detroit businesses.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,4/30/2009,7,47,5,8,8>Spicy foods are not usually something that I go for, but McClure's Pickles make me want to change my whole line of thinking (or eating..whatever). I've been to numerous Pickle Parties at Black Lotus (you gotta come to one - they even raffle off jars of the little green spears for those finding their wallets a little thin these days); pickle samples, good friends and tasty brews from the Black Lotus... what more could you ask for.... A big cheeseburger (in paradise... or Clawson) to go with the pickles (ok, yes, I love Buffett too.)If you haven't gotten a jar to taste, I recommend you do so right away. Check out McClures on the web or in a local market.The jars make excellent gifts too, just ask my pops :-)Update:  McClure's just got picked up by Williams-Sonoma! How cool is that! First Michigan and New York, next conquering the World! Spicy pickles for everybody!
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2009,4/29/2009,72,125,6,6,5>Mudgie's wasn't in my plan-of-attack for the day...the spark of curiosity just creeped up on me and badgered at me until I incorporated it in to my Detroit-stops. So now after having an Oooops! sandwich, how do I compare these two? Actually, I give Mudgie's a 4.5 star, lacking .5 of a star because I'd much rather have Zingerman's bread...and the pickle was a little off. [Just a small quirk of mine!]Awesome sandwich line-up! Unique ideas for their sandwiches, and great-tasting products!! Mudgie's has a bright, uplifting inside---tangerine, if you will. And Mudgie's is also into the "green" lifestyle. Greg Mudge is a down-to-earth owner! I love that he is attentive to his customers =) That's one thing I absolutely love to see-- the owners taking such pride and happiness in their business that they are there actually -working- to ensure their customers have a great experience. I had the Madill sandwich, AWESOME, by the way.You probably saw me: one hand on Madill. other hand on Madill. Knee to steering wheel. Hey, just cuz I'm asian doesn't mean I don't have driving skills! And I couldn't wait to eat the sammich!!
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,4/28/2009,81,83,5,8,7>I had no mercy on my food and cleared my plate, I mean CLEARED. LOL Probally one of the nicer places I have been taken, the restaurant is really pretty, service was very nice & (most importantly) knowledgeable. I actually went out on a limb and tried the Ostrich, and I was very very happy I did. Everything was very tasteful, food presentation was good,  cocktails were nice and strong, and the dessert selection was tempting as well. The upstairs lounge was a nice change of pace after dinner. Granted the atmosphere/decor made me yearn for all my girlfriends around sipping martinis Sex & the City style, and to not be on a date anymore.  It's a smaller lounge with a bar, with leopard, red, Paris type girly decor.  I would go back in a heartbeat!
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,4/27/2009,21,15,1,5,4>The original locale was cozy, and the new place allows for even more diners, still keeping that warm atmosphere. Breakfast at the old place was the best in Royal Oak and I've heard great things about their lunch. So a girlfriend and I -- with toddlers in tow -- decided to meet for a Friday lunch. Local business people filled the majority of seats, but we had no wait for a table. We both ordered brunch. They even had a gourmet kids menu (expect to pay a lot more than typical kid places. But, hey, your kid deserves a good meal, too.) They use the best gourmet ingredients. Not just any old omelet or sandwich.Service is always friendly and it's nice to see the owner present and checking to make sure everyone is happy (employees and eaters).
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,4/26/2009,105,150,9,8,7>I'm throwin one up for carnivores in the house, since the other two reviews of this place are from a vegetarians view (no harm, just not my style) and it's GOT to have a meat eater's side!The burgers rock this joint.  I got only the 1/3 pound burger (optional 2/3 and 1 pound) and it was as much as I could handle.  You get a menu of toppings and choose what you want;  choose your cheese, 4 standard toppings, extras are $.50, and custom toppings that cost $1 each, avocados were on this list.  I had cheddar, jalapenos, red onion, pickles and lettuce.  It was delicious and I gobbled the whole thing up.I had a Nut Brown Ale from Motor City Brewing Works and it was savory (yuhhuh... savory).  Trying to learn a thing or two about beer before my fellow Yelpers run me out of town for drinking Miller Lite!  Suckers.Side note awesome addition to the night is there was a couple at the bar that was fighting right next to us while we were having a drink and waiting for our table!  They were going at it... pretty entertaining.  He had a big wooly moustache too (not unlike Marco's goatee) and that made it all the more awesome.
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,4/25/2009,660,114,6,11,10>For many years now I've wanted to try Pho, but have never got around to it.  Well, that all changed today. Searching for a place to eat lunch, I noticed Pho Hang and thought HELL YES - PHO TIME. As I walked through the door, I immediately realized that I stuck out because all eyes were on me as though  I walked into the ladies' room.  No matter, I took a seat in the corner out of the gaze of most of the patrons.  I felt a totally different vibe from the waitress who was incredibly nice and helpful.I was honest and told her that I'd never been to their restaurant. She immediately told me to try the Pho. I was already on that wavelength.  What put me over the top was the ingredients: flank steak, tendon, meatballs, & tripe! This was the "house special" Pho and my was it ever special! This had to be one of the most satisfying meals I've ever tasted.  For $7, the bowl was bigger than my head filled with beef, noodles, and a delicious broth.  On the side was a plate of bean sprouts, basil, and a hot chili pepper for me to put into the Pho as I pleased.  Of course, I just dumped it all in the bowl.  Combination of cold and hot was perfect and the chili pepper added both a seering heat and fresh flavor.  The tendon and tripe were both melt in your mouth tender.  Pho is awesome.A great experience. Good service, excellent food, and very affordable.  Nothing to complain about here.  I can't wait to try Pho at other places now and to return to Pho Hang to try their other signature dishes.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,4/23/2009,13,21,6,7,6>This is by far the best Mexican bakery in the Detroit area. Huge selection and fresh. Bolillos (little Mexican French bread) are baked here daily and usually if look toward the end of the counter toward the back of the store you can find a rack that has just been rolled with still warm ones on it. Yoyos or Yo-Yos (Mexican pastries)are really good here. They go great with a big mug of coffee or hot cocoa. A "yo-yo" has been called a raspberry jam and coconut sandwich cookie, although other fillings besides raspberry can be used. The fresh Tamales on the counter in bags by the dozen are always fresh, sometimes still warm and ready to eat. The Guava jelly rolls are superb too! Hell everything in this store is YUMMY!!!! You will definitely need bigger pants after eating here more than once.
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2008,4/22/2009,467,299,5,9,12>You walk into Old Town and here are some of the things you will consistently find:1. "Starving artist" sippin' on a brew writing down new song lyrics in his/her journal-- isolated in the corner or solo in a booth-- how poetic.2. Family sitting down enjoying their din-- kids playing with their food rather than eating it, but none the less, decently well behaved.. this isn't denny's folks.3. 20/30 somethings gathering for some good 'ol fashioned pub chat. 4. Always friendly staff-- it makes you wonder if they pass out a valium with their time card. 5. kickin' chili-- get it. love it.
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,4/21/2009,34,59,1,4,3>I was told I'd be surprised by how good the DIA's collection is, but I was still surprised by how good the DIA's collection is. Firstly, it's huge, and in three hours I barely scratched the surface. Secondly, the modern and contemporary art exhibits were surprisingly good and even had a fair number of heavyweight pieces. It was a good afternoon.It's definitely a bit labyrinthine. There's an entire COURT inside the DIA, with buildings and everything. It's not completely clear which exhibits are on which floor and how to get to those floors. I would've appreciated a little more signage both for directions and for information about the individual pieces. (I'm also one of those dorks who appreciates the headphone-tour dealie many museums hand out). Also, the gift shop is really neat (gotta remember to hit it up next year for Christmas gifts) and the cafe food isn't too bad.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,4/20/2009,33,105,5,11,5>Beyond Reality is about 45 min from my house. I went there for my latest tattoo based on recommendations from a friend with many tatts. I went specifically to see Dennis, who has an artistic ability that impressed me more than I had expected. I am nothing but thrilled with how my tattoo came out and how honest and talented Dennis is. The other places I have had tattoos, I have found the artists to be cocky and somewhat rude, not really caring that I had to live with the design for the rest of my life. As is true with most tattoo parlors, it looks pretty shady from the outside, and even a little on the inside. I knocked off a star because other places I have been have tried a *little* harder to make the shop look nice. That is just being picky I suppose, but I admit to being a snob, so I am cool with that. As far as tattoos go, I couldn't be happier.
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2009,4/19/2009,39,79,1,3,3>Something caught my eye Saturday Night on Main Street....a new restaurant! I went over to check it out and was pleasantly surprised to discover that a new Middle Eastern restaurant had opened in Royal Oak! The menu looked great AND they have foul madamas! I have been searching for foul ever since my MSU days eating at Sultan's came to an end. It was decided that Sunday night dinner would be La Feast. We were eagerly greeted by the staff and directed toward a booth. The menu is pretty much all the Middle Eastern favorites, but there are a few added surprises like a "zesty" version of ghallaba and, of course, foul madamas. I was immediately pleased when the waiter brought out the pita and it was the fresh delicious kind, like the kind that was served at La Shish. I was even more delighted when he came back with salsa and garlic spread! I have been on a search for this garlic spread since La Shish closed. We actually found out that there chef is from La Shish. We ordered foul, falafel and zesty lamb ghallaba. I was so bummed to find out that they were already out of foul :( but they told us if we come back Monday night we can eat foul for free, I might have to take them up on that. Everything else was delicious! I am pretty picky about falafel and this was really good. I kind of felt like I was cheating on Anita's. La Feast is a gazillion times better then Beirut Palace down the street, but it's definitely pricier. I kind of thought the entrees at La Feast were a tad too pricey. I hope that doesn't discourage customers. The falafel at La Feast was $8.99 and came with tahini and 6 falafel patties. Anita's has a falafel plate for about $9.95 that includes 6 falafel patties, tahini, rice, tabbouleh and hummus. The atmosphere here was pretty standard, not warm and adorable like Anita's, but the pita bread at La Feast is the best, no question. The falafel at La Feast is a little more "herb-y" then the falafel at Anita's, but just as tasty. You must try La Feast! The food and service are great and it's awesome to finally have a good Middle Eastern option in Royal Oak. Oh, and the baklava was fabulous.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2009,4/18/2009,332,128,4,23,12>Heyo!I went here on Thursday to celebrate an early Valentine's dinner with Wife.  She was on-call at the hospital on the actual Valentine's day.And good thing...When we arrived at 5:30, the place was empty.  It was dimly lit so the ambiance was really romantic and it appeared as if the restaurant was open just for us.The service here was excellent.  I'm talking top notch.  They swirl your wine glass for you.  They clean off your crumbs.  They describe their specials in a lot of detail that you can actually taste the food in your mind.They serve ladies first.  Hold doors open.  Hang your coat.  And tuck in your chair every time you go to sit down in it.The food is prepared with a lot of detail as well.  You almost don't want to eat the food because it looks like a plate of art.I ordered one of the specials.  Not exactly sure what it's called but it was delicious.  It had all different kinds of seafood on it.Tip #1: Do not come poor.  I spent about $200 including tip for a bottle of wine, appetizer, 2 dinners, and dessert.Tip #2: Wear a suit.  The people who frequent this place dress fancy.  You don't want to look like a bum.Tip #3: Don't be afraid to ask the waiters what they recommend.  They know their stuff and they won't let you down.As a sidenote, Wife and I got engaged here when we were dining out in their outdoor seating area in the summer.  Anytime it's a nice summer night out, try to sit outside.
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2008,4/17/2009,53,254,9,2,1>I'm not much for this fancy pants style dining, but I did end up here once to eat as part of a group, and I must say it was one of the tastier experiences I've ever had. The service was impeccable, the drinks will knock you on your ass and while it may have been the people I was with, The WE didn't suffer from the stodginess one usually encounters at any place approaching 'upscale'. Of course being in a group, I got a little nervous as people were ordering appetizers for the table while I was scouring the menu for the cheapest option.  Naturally when the bill came it was 'Should be about $60 a piece.' Grr.But like I said, great food and great booze.  If you have the means, I highly recommend the experience. Just remember they do not offer financial aid when the bill comes.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,4/16/2009,17,48,4,8,6>Tried this place based on the the excellent reviews here on yelp.  We were not disappointed!  We were greeted by the owner, Rakesh Sabharwal.  We told him that we were there based on the rec's on Yelp.We invited my daughter and her boyfriend to come along and experience it with us.  It was more like an event than just a meal that way.  We ordered 3 apps which were great.  We asked for Naan but Rakesh said - "no, you'll get too full".  Which we actually appreciated!We ordered 3 entrees - the house chicken tikki, a lamb dish (Rakesh picked) and the spinach/cheese (another suggestion).  All were outstanding.  And we got Naan!  I'd suggest the onion Naan, it was my favorite.  Rakesh even shared the basic recipe/ingredients for the "green" sauce - which was soooo good and fresh.  In summary - this is a family owned place where the owner really takes pride in his product.  The service isn't fast - but it isn't slow either - just don't go here expecting to be in/out in quick time (at least not for dinner).  Take the recommendations of the house and you won't be sorry.I'm already looking forward to going back.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2009,4/14/2009,15,82,10,20,13>I was introduced to a Jennies by a close friend. I later learned that here mom used to work at Jennies when my friend was a little girl. I totally know why they are loyal fans! I had both cheese and sauerkraut pierogies. Can you say D-E-L-ICIOUS! They are all handmade and fabulous. They are a decent deal, approx. $6.50 for a dozen :) I know that Hamtramck is not that far for most to go to get good pierogies, but I am still a staggering fan of Jennies. They also have 2 locations. The second is in Warren for all the Eastsiders :) I would gladly eat Jennies pierogies any day and recommend it to everyone all the time. Yummmalicious.
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,4/11/2009,99,529,6,10,7>Wow.Just, wow.We chose this restaurant based on the other review...and we were NOT disappointed! This was actually our first chinese meal since moving here almost six months ago--and needless to say we are now spoiled!From the outside, the restaurant doesn't look like much. It's in a tiny strip-mall type area that is missing a few businesses and has a gigantoid parking lot. Once inside, it's not much better--the decor is your typical cheesy-looking booths with chinese artwork hanging on the wall.But the food? Wow. I told my husband I'd much rather have them spend their money on the food than the decor.We ordered the spring rolls (thanks to the other reviewer) and the crab rangoon. Both were delicious. Like, DELICIOUS. The spring rolls were filled with chicken and fried to a perfect golden brown. My husband joked that there was so much chicken in them, they should be called chinese chicken fingers! And we are big fans of crab rangoons anyway, but these were almost perfection--perfectly golden brown with an abundance of creamy filling. The accompanying sauces were great, too--not too sweet like some chinese sauces can be. (We also started with soups, and my egg drop was pretty darn good. Hubby said his wonton was just okay.)For entrees, we ordered General Tso's Chicken and a steak and veggie dish (I was going to edit my review with the actual name once I found the menu we brought home, but it was only a Carry Out menu--it was something like Ho Su). And you know what was amazing? The chicken dish was made with--are you ready?--WHITE MEAT! Every General's chicken dish we've ever had has been made with dark meat and is usually filled with some grisly/chewy bits...but not at Jade Tiki! That was majorly impressive. Almost the same could be said about my steak dish--it was a good cut of meat and not grisly at all! And then out came the fortune cookies...and almond cookies! Oh my. I swear the fortune cookies were made fresh (they didn't come in plastic packaging) and were so tasty. And the almond cookies? I wanted to take home a whole bag!Last but not least, the service was great and the food came out quickly.We highly recommend this restaurant to anyone, and we will surely be back. We just wish it was a bit closer to us (it's about 15 minutes) so we could stop on our way home or run there quick for some crab rangoon...
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,4/10/2009,107,357,5,8,7>If you want the best chocolate milkshake you've ever had, order the Josh Caps Special. Now, only one girl working there will know what this is, but explain it to whoever makes it, she'll whip it up for you.Josh Caps Special:Chocolate Chocolate Chip ice creamChocolate syrupChocolate milkThey will blend it into 12 ounces of delicious, creamy, chocolately goodness and your mouth will cry of flavor sensation. Overall, Calder's is amazing. They accept cash only, have ample parking and are kid friendly. They'll make you whatever you want. Bring an appetite and a friend and you will never forget your first visit to Calder's.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,4/9/2009,182,168,5,6,5>This is a must after a fun Saturday night out in Royal Oak, and as my inhibitions are usually lowered by 2am, I let the cravings take over and indulge in some deliciously greasy burgers. SLIDERS! need i say more? Each slider is $1.50 and $1.60 with cheese. Extra onion. Extra pickle. Mustard. Ketchup. Side order of either chili cheese fries or fried mushrooms (or both at times lol!) It ALL hits the spot but fortunately doesn't dent your wallet. Just make sure you make it there by 3am b/c that's when they shut down.
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,4/8/2009,19,19,,7,6>This is my first review on Yelp! Yay...Anyway,  I heard so much about this place from friends.  Decided to stop in last Friday 2/20/09 for dinner with my wife, sister-in-law and sister-in-law's husband.  Since we are not huge sushi fans, we ordered the Pancit Bihon, which is a traditional Filipino dish, as well as the Garlic Fried Rice.  Both were top notch.  Very well cooked.  Sister in law got some sushi and an appetizer.  All in all, with soft drinks included, bill came to 39.00.  Not bad for 4 people on a Friday.  Portions are big, we had enough to make lunch the next day. Inside decor is very cool.  They had some color changing lights that my daughter loved.  Very clean, cozy, and a perfect place to take a date. -1 star because the waitstaff was a bit slow, and they seemed to be understaffed for the dinner rush.
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2008,4/7/2009,26,190,1,1,1>Cafe Zola serves great food, a little on the pricey side, but worth the extra dollars for what you get. Kobe burger with fries was delicious. Good meat and grilled perfectly. I also loved the stilton salad and the crab cakes. They came with a bread basket and herb butter that made me very happy--delicious whole grain bread and another bread with sesame seeds in the crust. The Salmon burger did not agree with me, and this was a small personal tragedy, because I love fish and was looking forward to it. I should have read the menu more closely--and then had them hold the ginger. I don't like the mouth-burning taste of raw ginger. It ruined this dish for me.I like how they take care of all the little details at Cafe Zola. The presentation is above par for Ann Arbor. And most dishes incorporate an uncannny combination of flavors and textures that can't be accidental.The dinner menu is short and a little pricey. Only about 15 options for the main course, although there are daily specials. The prices are slightly higher than other downtown restaurants, despite the casual decor. Expect to pay $20 to $30 per plate for dinnner, although you can go cheaper with the hamburger or pasta.(I'm being tough because I love you, Cafe Zola. Just make sure you stay on my list of favorites.)
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2009,4/6/2009,81,26,1,6,10>From what I understand, this place is a classic. And I must say deserves its reputation as the best fish and chips in Detroit. It could be the best fish and chips I've ever had, truth be told. I was truly impressed with the fried-to-perfection cod and the not-changed-in-fifty years decor. Just my kinda place. I urge you to get your fry on at this place. They also have shrimp, smelt, and chicken. And some amazing cole slaw. It's a hold out in a neighborhood where many things have not held out. Take the trip and spread the news. This place deserves your patronage, and - considering the rate at which gems like this are disappearing from Detroit - may even require it.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2009,4/5/2009,25,94,,5,3>The Dairy Twist is a local classic.  When I was a kid, I played baseball around the corner from this place and after all the games, win or lose, we headed out there as a team to wind down on some soft serve.  Today, 25 years later, kids and baseball teams are still doing the same thing.It's not much different than it was back then either.  An outdoor-only ice cream stand that serves soft serve, shakes and sundaes.  It's not polished or 'new', but it's clean and they've got the goods.  The place is plastered with ice cream ads from the 80's and has a slightly 'back in the day' feeling.  They recently added a drive thru window that (I hear) serves coffee and doughnuts in the mornings to hungy commuters.  They also have the typical ice-cream-joint-food such as hot dogs and hamburgers.A few tables scatter the front, but most people just stand around or sit on the timbers the line the flower beds.  A great local place to support and visit with family and pals.
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2009,4/4/2009,1,3,4,5,5>Well i tend to get a bite to eat or some coffee during the weekdays at Cass cafe. something I've been doing for about two or three years now and it's a generally accepting atmosphere. The waiters and waitresses aren't bending over backwards to show you how much they love their job but they aren't abrasive or rude either, which suits me just fine. My favorite points of the place would have to be;-Sriracha sesame chicken-Vegetarian Burritos-The different art displays every couple of months or so-The occasional cute waiter/waitress-Cass Collective-And the great times I've shared with friends hereoverall, i think that like many places, Cass cafe is what you make it. if you pay attention to every slight instead of going to have good food and good times then you're bound to give the place two stars.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2009,4/3/2009,5,16,1,3,3>It will be tough to elaborate on all of these reviews, so I'll just say if you haven't gone you need to go.  For the vegetarians, there are three main options, in my preference order:1. "The Genius" Sandwich - In my 10 years of fake meat eating I have never had anything quite like this, or as good.  It has a firm, chicken-like, texture and is well marinated in BBQ sauce, topped with coleslaw.  I prefer it on a kaiser roll, but you can get it on Texas toast as well.  I applaud them for actually putting some effort into creating a sandwich vegetarians want to eat, as opposed to some token offering to appease us.  I'd also recommend this for non-vegetarians who want to try something healthy and new.2. Hoppin' Jack - This is a combo of white rice, black beans, and cheddar cheese.  It is good, but not exceptional.  In fact, i'd rather see this as a side dish and replaced by a more elaborate vegetarian entree.  You can add meat for $4.  I have never tried, but will next time, to have them add the fake meat from "The Genius" to the dish.  If they don't allow that they definitely should.3. Mac-N-Cheese - Overall I think it's pretty standard mac and cheese.  It tastes really good, but i'm not a huge mac and cheese fan, so that's why it's third on my list.  FYI, I haven't actually confirmed that this is 100% vegetarian.  Some mac and cheese is made with chicken stock or other meat flavoring, so you might want to double check that.  I can't speak to the meat items on the menu only to say that i've been over a dozen times, and almost every time the people i'm eating with claim it's the best pork/ribs they've had.
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2009,4/2/2009,2,12,,4,3>Honest John's is a staple neighborhood Detroit bar.  HJ's has everything you need in a really great bar - high back booths for privacy and long tables for big groups; a pool table; eclectic owner who is entertaining and always happy to share his opinion; great grub, including a terrific breakfast menu; outstanding jukebox with the best selection of old school R&B and blues in town; plus they do a lot of unique community events to raise money for charities!Oh, yeah, can't forget that they also carry a great selection of beers and liquor including local beers, local wines, and even the cheap beer you'd expect (strohs, pabst, even 40's of black label) in a neighborhood bar.It can get pretty packed on a saturday night, but it never seems to get so busy that you can't find a chair.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,4/1/2009,23,26,4,3,2>Love this place.  It's our winter hangout, great jukebox.  One thing I've realized is that no matter how good the music on a jukebox is, bad music fans can always find their bad music.  The good news is that generally, people who like The Emory like good music, which is good.  I'm a caffeine junkie, so one gripe is that there's no Red Bull on the menu.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,3/31/2009,233,46,,8,7>I give Goldfish Tea 5 stars as I feel it is better than its competition on Main Street.  I love the fact that you get a timer to know when to stop steeping your tea.  I like that they provide a place of temperature-controlled spouts to get more water if you want more tea.  Plus, I like how their menu gives you a graduated breakdown of each kind of tea.  Even if you are not a tea buff, you can start with a select tea and work your way up.To correct another reviewer, Goldfish Tea does have coffee.  They just do not promote and I can understand why, the tea is definitely their selling point.  They use a local Michigan coffee supplier, which is doubly awesome.  The name of the company escapes me, but I like that G.T. supports its local economy.In terms of ambiance, I prefer the openness of Goldfish than its competitors as it is easier to move around and there is more opportunity to facilitate large groups.  While it is not the most mesmerizing atmosphere, I think the tea more than makes up for the lack of "oohs and aahs" in terms of decor.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/21/2009,3/29/2009,43,122,1,1,1>Many people think a neighborhood isn't complete without a tiny, independent coffee shop. I don't know about all that - but Cuppy's Coffee apparently feels that way and is trying to fill the void for this section of Clawson.I'll give them credit for having one of the cleanest interiors of any coffee place I've ever been in. I get the feeling they're somewhat new so this may change over time... everything was pretty sparkly. They seem to have the coffee shop basics down too:- Shaggy haired person typing on Mac- Chipper barista- Weird barista that just stands there watching the other work- Free WiFi- Wraps and bakery items like doughnuts/muffins/bagels (I think these are delivered) - small sandwiches are oddly missing- A long list of a variety of drinks including smoothies, coffee, and lattes.The only thing I thought was odd was they didn't seem to have flavored coffee... Glancing at the take-out menu I took, I'm still not seeing it. Maybe it's coming down the line somewhere?Offerings for wraps seems to be pretty standard fare and ho-hum. Nothing at all on the menu sounds like they took the time to think of anything new or original for the coffeeshop, they just sprinkled feta cheese in one and called it the Greek one. Added basil to another and it's the Italian one. Took meat out of the other and now it's a veggie wrap... etc. It's there for people to try though, i guess. I passed.Prices are what you'd expect. Not over the top, but when you really think about what you're getting maybe a little pricey. My medium sized coffee was $1.60 and that's 16 oz. I got the house blend which was described to me as a medium roast and it fit the bill well enough. Not exceptional coffee but they do know how to make it here and I would definitely return.The owner(?) was telling me they also have open mic nights on Thursdays. I think that might be interesting to check out - given how small the stage area seemed to be. I'd also be pretty amazed if anyone with some talent showed up to display their talent at THIS particular coffeeshop since it doesn't seem to quite have its place in the world. Who knows though? I could be totally off point.I would suggest dropping in and checking it out. If you need a different, more welcoming but not quite "down home" feel for a coffeeshop this might be your ticket. The environment is better than a Tim Horton's or Starbucks, but not exactly the hipster scene either... more comparable to It's A Grind, I would think. A worthwhile visit.
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,3/28/2009,40,22,16,11,8>This place was kind of expensive.  Expensive = $130 but included dinner for 2 with salad, a bottle of wine, one desert to share and tip.  For a non-typical, date dinner - i don't think that's all that bad.  Especially because the food was AMAZING.  This is by far one of the best meals i've ever had in a restaurant.  I had the sea bass special, my husband had the lamb chops, both of us cleaned our plates.  also for desert we had the Mediterranean banana - it was SO GOOD.When i eat really good food i get this angry look on my face as i'm chewing.  I'm not upset, but more perplexed as to how food can taste this good.  This is probably why the waiter kept returning to my table to ask if everything was ok.  Yes sir, everything was more than ok - now leave me alone so i can lick my plate clean.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,3/27/2009,39,69,,9,5>I was introduced to Aladdin Café & Sweets by my Godfather, who is the prodigal son in the hipster sense.  He's introduced me to so many restaurants and venues off the beaten path, and I've always been very thankful.The restaurant itself is next door to a Bangladeshi grocery store.  When you walk in, there is a deli counter filled with pre-made goods for take-out.  Seat yourself, and the (sometimes slow) wait staff will greet you and give you styrofoam cups and a jug of water.For starters, I should say that everything here is disposable.  Plates, plasticware, and cups.  The pricing on the food is so reasonable, you wonder how they can stay in business.  However, you might find where many places have low pricing, quality is scarified.  Not here.  I have always been impressed by the consistent and excellent quality of the food here.  If you are wondering what Bangladeshi food tastes like, the closest comparison I can give is that it is similar to Indian food.  Bangladeshi food is to Indian food what Arabic food is to Chaldean food.  Not sure if that's a good comparison for those of you who aren't familiar.  I guess what I'm trying to say is that there are many shared dishes between Bangladeshi and Indian cuisine, however a few unique dishes as well.Start with an appetizer of chotpoti if you like spicy food, if not, get a samosa.  Your entreé will always be served with either Naan or (delicious Basmati) rice.  I usually get both, since I love both their rice and bread.  The entreé itself is always a stew.For dessert, you can try their sweets, or just ask them for a Tea.  It's sweetened with some sort of cream and has a very nice flavour.  Not your regular tea.I've uploaded several photos of the food, check it out.I absolutely love this place.  They have excellent food, reasonable pricing, and are open extremely late!  Everyone that I have taken here has enjoyed it immensely.P.S.  You can park right in front of the restaurant, but be careful when pulling over the curb.  There's also a pole to avoid crashing into while pulling in and out.  Otherwise, you can park on the street.  Not the nicest area, but well worth the trip.  Just be sure to lock your car.
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,3/26/2009,387,597,13,11,10>I got my butt spanked by a very cute red head lesbian girl. Being oblivious, I ignored this aggressive come on. So she came back and bumped into me and whispered something into my ear. It was too loud for me to even hear her much less notice that she was talking to me. I totally unintentionally snubbed her. Sorry, cute red headed girl (I'm unfortunately straight too).-1 star for aiding my mess up with my first come on by the same sex by being ridiculously too loudCheap drinks, one of the bartenders was NOT very nice to me (but the rest were amicable), extremely loud, and very very smoky. Minus the blinding smoke and deafening music (yeah yeah, I sound like an old lady), this place is definitely much cooler than the cookie cutter places in Royal Oak. I can see why people like it.
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2009,3/25/2009,34,123,1,5,4>I have to say...this place is quite interesting...I come here often because I live close by and it's good for a quick drink and a bite. The menu is very traditional pub/bar and grill food, but with some interesting wild game twists to it...buffalo chili anyone? Venison Burger? Not up my alley, but still chalk one up for variety. Very similar menu to the Lodge and camp Ticonderoga(same owners) but the portions are a good size and you will not leave hungry...a few dishes to comment on:Nachos: AMAZING....and HUGE...literally...my hubby and I will come here, grab a beer and split the nachos for dinner that is how big they are...for under 10 bucks and free sides of salsa, sour cream and guac...can't be beat! Prime Rib: Not on the regular menu, but when it's on special it's a large piece of quality beef with your choice of sides for under 15 bucks...can't beat it. Salmon BLT: Love it and get it oftenChicken Mushroom Sandwich:  Stay clear....canned mushrooms on a sando do NOT work. Specials: Always have a ton of them, and are usually quite good...cream of asparagus soup...loved it...wish they would have it all time!! Mushroom ravioli is a special not to miss either. Desserts: TRY THEM. The warm cookies are fantastic as is everything else...save room-also huge portions! Bar: Very FULL bar...average wine list, but again this isn't a fancy place....lots of beers and all at reasonable prices..are you in a vodka martini mood? Eat a LOT or bring a DD...Atmosphere: Very chill and laid back...good size TVs thru out for sporting events, you do for sure get that 'up north' feeling here...I have never had bad service here or a server that wasn't 100% on their game so that is always a plus. Also, awesome full patio in the summer time, meaning there are 'walls' to the patio so you aren't getting that eating on the street/parking lot feeling...overall good stuff here.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/16/2009,3/24/2009,252,310,5,8,6>Being South Indian, personally I prefer the different style of South Indian food (as featured at The Chettinad nearby 15 Mile/Dequindre). However, when it comes to predominant North Indian cuisine (which is really more mainstream Indian food that the West is more familiar with), Ashoka does a pretty good job. The flavours and spice mixture infused in every dish is up to the standards of a typical North Indian dinner party - up to moderate homemade standards. You can specify what spice level you prefer - so this place is OK for the mild-taste buds, but for those who find fiery dishes more arousing, you may be in for some disappointment here as spice levels kind of hang out near "medium" in every dish. It seems futile to even request a spicier dish because they aren't even equipped to spice it up properly as a South Indian cook would be able to (i.e. throwing more cayenne and/or crushed red pepper alone does not do the trick).Overall, the dishes here are rather mainstream, yet satisfying for those wanting a friendly first time experience with Indian food, a la middle-American people pleaser dishes. Slowly, I have seen this place become more and more like the "Olive Garden" of Indian food in metro Detroit - becoming very middle of the road, standardized, stereotypical - and with no surprise dishes, but still real good at getting people in and out.Ashoka's attempts at South Indian food are mostly limited to mostly dosa, idlis, sambar, etc. That's pretty much just our breakfast value menu. Additionally, their South Indian offering fall short on quality, as the idlis tend to be kind of dry and dense, and the sambar is more watery than how we make. The rasam is so watered down it makes miso soup jealous!As for the North Indian dishes - the vegetarian ones here like like Palak Paneer, Mutter Paneer, Aloo Gobi, etc. are all tasty, partly due to the abundance of ghee and oil in them. Eat that with their buttery naan and you have a heart attack platter, without meat. If I'm gonna have a bunch of fat, there needs to at least be meat involved to justify it. At least when you get the meat dishes. There are ways to make vegetarian dishes tasty without loading on the oil and ghee - and again I believe South Indian cuisine has effective methods of doing so. There are many North Indians who make their vegetarian dishes healthier, but Ashoka is not one of them. These guys put people pleasing in front of authenticity. It is one of the fluke situations where going vegetarian may in fact be unhealthier than going meat! The meaty North Indian dishes like Butter Chicken and Goat curry are savory and good, but the boneless chunks of meat taste like from frozen, or generic - and I would prefer more authentic feeling bone-in options for more tender, fatty meat.All in all, the North Indian food here is tasty, somewhat over-priced, and portions are slightly on the smaller side (only cause I am a bigger eater). For a nice selection of mainstream Indian food - this is an OK choice. If you try Ashoka and like it - try finding a South Indian restaurant and giving it a shot too. This place is riding on its loyal clientele base and therefore the food has not gotten better over the years, it has perhaps gotten somewhat worse.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,3/23/2009,10,27,10,11,12>Outside the traditional stomping grounds of Mexicantown on Michigan Ave on the way to Dearborn, if you know Senor Lopez, you know the Senor (and he's often there during the day).$3.50 lunch specials. Three very important words. I work within walking distance, and the thought of Senor Lopez pulling out of the 'hood makes me want to cry. So, please go there.The chips and salsa are always fresh, and the hot salsa has a roasted flavor that I haven't tasted elsewhere. What's most important to me, and my vegan friends, is that their beans are whole. Yummy, fat, whole beans swimming in sauce. Not everyone's thing, maybe, but perfect to me.Horchata's usually available, Jamaica, once in awhile. Lopez has a liquor license, with Tecate and Dos Equis in bottles and Tequila tucked away somewhere.The dinner prices hover lazily around $5-$7, and you will be full if you don't take something home, you dirty, dirty pig.Best of all, this is not the place for the cheese on everything heart-attack Mexican served up to Gringos like me. The menu is simple, ingredients simple, and it's all simply good.Open to 11pm most nights. Go try, I dare. Avoid the 1 pm to 2 pm hour, there aren't that many tables and I'll be real mad if you take my spot.
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2009,3/22/2009,37,70,4,5,5>This little non-descript shop is in a strip mall at the North West corner of 10 Mile and Meadowbrook and even though it's name says it's a bakery, it's so much more!  Yes, it's a bakery with the most fabulous selection of desserts, fresh breads, bagels, muffins, cakes and cookies.  It's a feast for your eyes and it makes it really hard to decide on what to waste the calories on.  But then it's a deli with fresh salads, tons of specialty sandwiches, Stromboli and Calzones.  My favorite is "The 21" - Corned beef, pastrami, Swiss cheese, Russian dressing and cold slaw.  Get it hot and you'll need lots of extra napkins.  Yummy!!!You can also get fresh sliced lunch meats and cheeses as well as premade salads that change daily.Did I mention it's a pizza shop too?  And did I mention I'm a self proclaimed pizza connoisseur?  You've got to give it a try.  Unfortunately, if you don't live close, it'll be cold by the time you get home but Maria (who is almost always there behind the counter) has eliminated that obstacle by giving you the option of baking it at home!!!  Pick one up at lunch and take it home for dinner!
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2009,3/21/2009,4,13,4,9,3>If you want a unique dining experience, head over to Allegro, a Russian restaurant unassumingly tucked away behind a few other establishments off Orchard Lake. I went with over a dozen other people on a Saturday night, and everyone had a great time.My one friend made reservations at least a month in advance. We all had to decide on either ordering a la carte or a few courses for a fixed price. We opted for the latter, which was $50 (not including tip). She went there a few days earlier to choose the menu for the different courses: a variety of hot and cold starters, three entree items, and a fruit platter. The cost also included bottles of wine and vodka (along with a pitcher of cranberry juice for a mixer), pop, and coffee.The food was good, plentiful, and nicely presented. As a newbie to Russian cuisine, it was a great way to sample different foods. The lamb entree was a standout.There were a couple of other groups there, including an anniversary party, and a band played Russian and English-language pop songs later in the night. It was like being at a wedding, complete with a couple kids running around.(They did serve wine and vodka, and they had a small bar, but I don't know if they also served other alcoholic beverages like beer or other liquors.)
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2009,3/20/2009,108,104,13,9,13>Ode to the Michigan RollOh, Michigan Rollhow I love thee. Let me count the ways:You're fat, stuffed to the brim with sushi roll goodness.Spicy, spicy tuna.Avacodo, ripe, pale green.And did I mention your lovely, gluttonous fatness?You fill my tumfor 7 bucks.Noble offering,Noble Fish.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,3/19/2009,18,37,5,5,5>Some may think of a better known "mongolian grill" chain, when it comes to the concept of sweaty young men flinging food around a large and extremely hot circle of metal, but rest assured that Hu-Hot has a better selection of ingredients, spices and sauces than the competition.  They dispense with the under-utilized soup & salad bar, and bring you a choice of egg drop soup, or sesame salad as a compliment to your piles of stir-fry.  The sauces, as mentioned before are segregated into pre-made additions as well as oils and broths ranging from burn-your-face chili oil to a mild lime juice to help round out their thai peanut sauce. Plus, having had buffalo and lamb as rotated meat options has won me as a customer for life.  A note of caution: their drink specials are cheap, and STRONG.  4 dollars worth of Margaritas had me saying to my date "I think you should probably drive home.", despite the carb load I'd ingested while drinking.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2009,3/18/2009,34,50,12,13,13>Wow!  What a great bakery!  They make their own pita bread and goddamn, when you get that stuff the day that it's made, it is like crack.  No lie--I could not stop eating it!  They also sell individual pitas covered with cheese!  SO. GOOD.  Besides their kick ass pita bread, they sell hummus, baba ghanouj, awesome spinach pies (not like the greek style w/feta and fillo dough--more like spinach, lemon, olive oil and onion, sans fillo), and other standard middle eastern fare. Also, something that I was really impressed by was that they make their own olive oil.  Each year they travel to Lebanon and bring back green and black olives.  They press the olives and create delicious olive oil right at the bakery; each bottle is $15 (I think), which I think is very reasonable. I'm bummed out at myself for not buying a bottle (I've been a little to spendy lately and trying to exercise restraint, ok?), but I suppose that gives me a reason to go back there soon.  Also, the people that run the place are very friendly.  That's great.  Surly employees = fail.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2009,3/17/2009,267,274,10,15,11>Gone are the days of your "local" doughnut place. Everything seems to be a franchise...krispy kreme....dunkin' donuts.....Its sad...But wait! Whats that??? In the distance?? A real live old school doughnut place??? Is this a mirage. Trust me yelpers! This is no mirage.I have loved this place since the day I stepped in the door. Starting with their hours ... they are conveniently open from "before dawn to mid-afternoon". I love it. This place is like a doughnut bar. You have your regulars that just hang out all day drinking coffee and talking about the going on's in the community...you have your local policeman stopping by (yes...I have actually seen them in there...I am not just quoting a stereotype)....and you have me. The pregnant chick that craves their delectable treats. Here is a story for you on why this place ranks at the top of my list for all things doughnut related.....Apple Fritter is on the way home from my Dr's office. Last week my husband and I stopped here after visiting the Dr (well...we basically stop after every Dr appointment). I placed an order for a maple apple fritter (ps...you MUST try one) and sent my husband in. Shortly after he comes out and says that they are sold out of maple fritters. I was very sad but decided a regular apple fritter would be just fine. My husband goes back inside and tells them that his pregnant wife in the car is going to be VERY sad that she could not have a maple apple fritter.Guess what they did...they made me one! A nice fresh maple apple fritter of my very own! You don't get that kind of service at DD or Krispy Kreme!!!Now that I know this place exists I will drive out of my way to give them my business. Man...now I wish it was "before dawn to mid-afternoon" .... I could really go for a doughnut!
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2008,3/16/2009,60,311,4,6,6>Lions, tigers, bears...and butterflies and train rides, oh my!! The Detroit Zoo, actually located in Royal Oak, is one of the nation's most popular zoos and with their magnificent exhibitions of animals, insects and reptiles it's easy to see why. Open year round, minus a few holidays, the Detroit Zoo is a must for any Michigander or tourist of this metro city. This zoological haven offers goers a fantastic butterfly house where butterfly's spread their wings and fly free through the open rainforest-eque setting. The Detroit Zoo also offers a wonderful reptile house with crocodiles, snakes of a wide variety, lizards and other reptiles. And of course, there's the multi-million dollar polar bear exhibit that will have you in awe. In addition, to animals from land and sea, the Detroit Zoo, offers snacks aplenty, a playscape for kids, and during the summer a concert series where local artist jam out in the zoo and beer and wine is served for the big kids. For Halloween, dress the kids up and take them to Zoo Boo, a trick or treating celebration at the zoo. For more information check out the Detroit Zoo's website.
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,3/15/2009,5,9,2,4,4>The best cheeseburger Ive ever had. I will drive from Sterling Heights to Dearborn just for a Millers burger. I cant say that for any other burger. LOVE that there's no plates, LOVE that there's no guest check(just tell the bartender what you had and pay him), LOVE the consistency of the how good the burger is and that never fluctuates, LOVE the hug the wall single file while waiting for a table to open rule. LOVE the shoe string type french fries. LOVE the bottles of beer are pefectly chilled.I have nothing but LOVE for Millers.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2008,3/14/2009,62,178,1,3,6>Kosmo is stellar .... and ..... Such a find!Went here on Tony C's recommendation with fellow yelper and friend, Janelle.  Was not disappointed.  This place has a small counter and a couple of booths within Kerrytown's first level.  Kosmo is the perfect americanized spin on Korean food.  It is just right.  Offers fresh and inventive variations of bi bim bop.  Yum... I got mine with Spinach!  Great spicy sauce too!One of the best Korean joints in Ann Arbor.
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2009,3/13/2009,125,10,,2,3>I recently dined at the Maple Leaf Cafe with fellow yelper Henry B. based on other Yelp recommendations. I'm glad I found this spot! The workers/owner: I always enjoy the opportunity to sit down with the owner of a restaurant I eat at for the first time. George, the owner of the MLC is a friendly guy who loves talking about his restaurant, and why shouldn't he be. The food and service deliver. Our waitress was extremely friendly and helpful which is always a plus in my book. Gave great recommendations to two guys having a hard time deciding between so many great options. Henry got a turkey sandwich, I ordered a burger with thick bacon and real blue cheese. As a bonus we received a complimentary dessert: VOODOO FRENCH TOAST - Skewers of challa bread in a rich New Orleans style batter of yogurt, honey, egg, and vanilla, dusted in toasted coconut and accompanied by a fruit cobbler. Was very tasty! I highly recommend anyone interested in a great meal to check this place out.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,3/12/2009,45,114,2,7,5>Excellent sandwiches! The creativity here is outstanding. For a deli, the menu is fun to read. They actually have a sandwich worthy of being called a 'Dagwood' a 2 lb. sandwich stacked high to the ceiling (well close to it).I tried the Girl Talk sandwich. Sliced ham, swiss cheese, pineapple slice and honey butter all grilled to a golden brown in between two slices of cinnamon bread. Yum...and yum. I could not have dreamed up this combo on my own -- it makes your taste buds tingle.Something about having freshly sliced meat to order makes this deli an immediate favorite. They also make a mean potato salad in house.
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,3/11/2009,6,3,12,8,8>This may come as a shock to all the girls I keep seeing at BlackFinn wearing low-cut tiny tank tops, open toed strappy heels and little dresses with leggings (and all the divorcee men who come to ogle them) but this is (brace yourselves....) A SPORTS BAR. Every trendster in the Royal Oak area seems to be living in denial of this fact, but it's true. Just because they have a DJ who sets up in the corner sometimes and a 20x20 ft area where people attempt to dance, it doesn't change the fact that at its core, BlackFinn is an upscale chain sports bar. And honestly, it shouldn't have to be more, because it does the sports bar thing really, really well. When it's not insanely packed (which unfortunately, is quite often) the service is great, especially if you can snag a VIP wristband to the back room. There are TVs everywhere, they have great happy hour specials and yummy food that's a step up from the usual bar fare.  But...because this is the current "it" bar, that all gets tossed to the wayside, and if you want to go here to watch a big game you have to battle the "club" crowd, which can be annoying. The last couple of times I've been here, I've left around 11:30 and there's actually been a rather substantial line to get in...packed with girls wearing tank tops and no coats in the dead of winter. I know we've all been there back in college when we went out to the club...but there's no reason to be that girl when you're a 30 year old professional waiting to get into a sports bar. So right now, I'd say if you want a place to have a few drinks and people watch (and have people watch you), check it out and you won't be disappointed. But if you're looking for a good place to watch a game, stick to your old standby until this place cools down.  And please, leave the strappy heels at home.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/2/2009,3/10/2009,20,23,5,4,3>Coming in on a Saturday, the lounge was pretty sparsely populated. I was told on Fridays the line to get in wraps around the block. Moving in through the gated entrance you enter a warmly lit space with the bar in the center and seating surrounding it. Think Mos Eisley cantina, minus the bountyhunters ( that was for all the Star Wars fans).The staff was helpful enough and in good spirits. Say hi to Jason, the self proclaimed "Dave Chapelle" doppleganger.The atmosphere calls for a touch of style, so hang up the jeans, press your collared shirt shine those shoes.For those seeking a mischievous night on the town , you'll want to be elsewhere. Light conversation and subdued atmosphere are all you'll find.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,3/9/2009,119,419,5,9,7>To celebrate my BFF's birthday we ventured over to The House of Bastet for exoticise classes. Yes, we were all getting our pole dance on and we loved it. Even though the art of seduction is taught the class is really about embracing your inner beauty and letting the outside be whatever it is. We as women are constantly bombarded with images of so called "beauty". The House of Bastet emphasizes what's on the inside.Our instructor was phenomenal. We actually participated in the class while dressed in our sexiest pumps. While we embraced our inner sex kitten we also embraced everything about our true selves. This is the perfect way to spend an evening with friends and boost your self esteem all at the same time.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,3/8/2009,3,11,2,4,2>This is definately the best arabic restaurant in town! They have wide variety of food from shish kabobs to grilled shrimp with an amazing rice almond salad (my personal favorite). Ollie's is beautifully decorated, in a  old fashion with a modern  twist kind of way. I'm also very picky when it comes to cleanliness. and if you want to know if your eating in a clean place check out the bathroom, If it's well maintained than you're safe.  this place is super clean. I would definately recommend it.
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,3/7/2009,52,123,8,8,8>Fanny & Freddie, Citi Group, Morgan Sterns, Bailouts, Bridge Loans, TARP, Corporate Jets, Double Digit Unemployment. All this talk makes your head spin... We now have an Economic Stimulus Bill and depending on which way you lean politically, you'll either call it Omnibus or Porkulus. Don't know the answer, but all this deep thought  made me hungry and by the power of suggestion, I had a hanker-in for BBQ Ribs. Yes, I'm weak minded when if comes to BBQ. Obiwan to Craig with a wave of his hand - "Yes, these are the ribs you have been looking for" Now my favorite place for Ribs in the D is Slow's, but that place is 30 miles from home and none too convenient when it comes to quashing those subliminal notions one gets when contemplating heady subjects such as economic stimulation. So off to the Boneyard...  and the experience was, well... Porkulus. Big, meaty, juicy, tender bones  loaded with a taste BBQ sauce. With plenty of sauce on the side for those of us that like them extra messy for that special Joker look. Rib meals come with potato and cole slaw and the portions are huge. I recommend the steak fries and they give you more than enough. What else is on the menu? Who the hell cares when the ribs are this good... And the services was fabulous! Never felt the lease bit overlooked... never had an empty glass... Never had to ask for more napkins... Perhaps that too was written all over my face... Now here comes the truly porkulus economic stimulus package. Ribs for two... Full slab to share plus two setups of steak fries and cole slaw... for $19.99. But wait, there is more... I have seen coupons in the Free Press as low as $15.99. Now that's a stimulus package.So that's my porkulus story friends. And my deep thoughts following a well fed  tummy have enlightened me.  Why wait for government?  I can be my own Economic Stimulus Program, one Yelp at a time.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2009,3/5/2009,215,177,8,11,8>This must be where subs go when they die.THE BEST subs I've ever had.  Unfortunately, there is nothing like it in Ann Arbor.  Le sigh.Sure the owner is a tad surly but that's part of the charm!!  I'll take a local joint with an owner who has an opinion over a fratboy singing along with Pearl Jam at (insert CHAIN here) any day. If a little odd bothers you then you must never have left your livingroom, let alone the state of Michigan.  You probably sit at home and watch Seinfeld or Sex in the City--and think that's what real New Yorkers do. I remember the good ol' days when Royal Oak was populated with more "oddities" and local hangouts than...yuppies and chains.  2nd Street is a hold-over from those days. The meat is freshly sliced and the olive oil and herb dressing is very good, it sinks into the bread. Get your sub toasted, it's ambrosia in sandwich form.  Pricewise, he's pretty competitive--given the GINORMOUS size of the 12" sandwiches.  You can easily get 2-3 meals out of it, unless you're sharing.  Second Street Sub Shop is a true gem that should be valued and patronized by the nearby inhabitants as much as possible.Local joints RULE. 'Nuff said.
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2009,3/4/2009,6,15,3,3,3>Majestic is another standard.  Family owned forever and run by Joey and Dave Zainea, they have many longtime loyal customers.  Of course this is where Houdini took the sucker punch which would lead to his imminent death.  (3) bars in (1).  The bowling alley- acclaimed 'oldest' in the U.S., cafe that has great gourmet food at affordable prices and the Magic-Stick, upstairs with about 8 pool table in excellent sound stage.  Bottomless Mimosas and Bloody Mary's on Sundays.  Oh, and now there is outdoor roof in summer and always sidewalk dining in summer.  Always find a friend, or at least the scene you want and then you can make friends.
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2009,3/3/2009,21,70,2,4,6>Want to have a fine-dining experience without the fine-dining price tag? This simply elegant Bangladeshi/Indian restaurant is the answer to your search. Co-owner, Mohammed Ahad, is the definitive gracious host who greets you with a pleasant smile and words of sincere welcome. The atmosphere, surprisingly, manages to balance sophistication with a refreshing, come-as-you-are vibe. This is a rare quality for any restaurant to possess.The food is very well prepared, generously portioned and tasty. You could make a meal out of their mixed platter appetizer alone. It features a great-tasting vegetable somosa, lamb sheekh kebobs, chicken tikka and crispy vegetable pakura fritters. I don't know the names of the dipping sauces but I can tell you that the brown one is delectable and sweet and the creamy green one has a spicy kick. Either the lamb, chicken or mushroom saag I can attest to being very good. The chicken tikka massala is also tender and rich. The basmati rice is not too dry or sticky and has an inviting aroma. Their freshly baked variety of flat breads are warm and savory.  The mango lassi is a sweet treat as is their saffron-infused rice pudding.Any of the entrées are worthy of a try. Be warned, some dishes take a little longer than others to prepare.The recently updated menu is extensive and can be daunting. However, the smartly uniformed staff is quick to assist the unfamiliar guest.When I asked Mr. Ahad about needing a reservation for a large group, he said to call just 15 minutes before you arrive so they can make the necessary preparations.Side note: their lunch buffet is a dollar more than what is listed on their website. (Mr. Ahad said he has been having problems with the London-based web host service.)
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2009,3/2/2009,76,179,9,6,8>I got really familiar with the corner New Palace Bakery sits on...  It was Fat Tuesday at 10am and the line was out the door, curling around the corner!  Sunny and 26 degrees, everyone was in good spirits, longing for the satisfying taste of the traditional polish paczki!  The aromas coming from the kitchen were just teasing our noses.  There was enough activity going on to keep us well entertained.  4 Detroit cheerleaders dressed in short skirts, fishnets, tank tops, beads and push-up bras were cheering us on! "Happy Paczki Day!"  That sure put a smile on everyone's face.  Including the cop that wrote a parking ticket to the idiot parked on the curb right in front of us..  We all laughed at his stupidity as he squealed out onto Joseph Campau...The Fox 2 van was parked out in front.  After 45 minutes of waiting, I finally stepped foot inside the bakery...  I saw a few people walking out with 6 dozen paczkis!  I hope they don't run out!!Anyway, I put my order in... 2 dozen paczkis please...  They had 2 special mixes.  Chocolate-custard and Cherry-custard. I had both and OMG.. So good!  So, as I was picking up my magical order, Lee Thomas from Fox 2 interviewed me on my long wait for the paczkis!  A-m-a-z-i-n-g! I was live, on the news!check me out!myfoxdetroit.com/dpp/newta da!  Definitely worth the wait... I savored my first paczki in my car on the way to drop off the first dozen at my fiancé's work...  Had powdered sugar all over my face and lap.. But didn't care... Yumm!
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2008,3/1/2009,91,194,13,5,3>This place is so good that whenever I have to drag my sorry ass from Ann Arbor to Oakland County and end up at I-696/I-275 interchange, I always take the time to take a detour to Hippo.  If you understood the magnitude of my laziness, you'd understand that this is super duper high praise that I'd do this.Hippo has the best Japanese pastries I've had outside of Japan.  I'd murder cute, furry woodland creatures for one of their pear tartlets.  I've also had many of their creme-filled delights.  Delightful they are.  Getting fatter I am.Advice #1:  Even though you'll gain like 50 pounds, eat all of your purchased items they day you buy them.  The flaky, buttery goodness of their pastries is lost the very next day.  Alas, so is the price of delicious delicate pastries.Advice #2:  Go as early as possible.  They run out of stuff because it seems 90% of the Asian-American community has discovered this place and buys the place out.Come to papa my little tartlet.....sounds so dirty..yet so good.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2009,2/28/2009,2,25,1,5,5>I've never had bad sushi here. The seaweed salad, soft-shell crab roll, and jalapeno cream cheese roll are some of my favorites. It's also a nice place to sit at the bar, have a drink, and munch on some wasabi peas. I've been here with friends, for special occasions, or just a weeknight out and every time it's been great.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,2/26/2009,40,127,40,9,12>The Somerset Collection is a good mall if you take your shopping seriously. I'm sorry, did I call it a mall? Because it's not. It's a COLLECTION. To be spoken in a nasally tone.Shopping here is between middle/high stores and high end. There's a lot to look at with three floors on the north end and two on the south. A great deal of the stores are focused on the yuppie crowd (Lush, Restoration Hardware, Urban Outfitters, Puma, Banana Republic, Armani Exchange and Lacoste.) A quick mental tally says there are three Starbucks locations in this mall. So much for cutting back, eh Starbucks?!It really is a fantastic mall if you don't take it seriously. :)If you're not taking out some materialistic skank who's going to demand you buy her something ridiculous, it's even a great date location. Why? Because it's right up there with downtown Royal Oak for endlessly entertaining people watching.My girl and I like to play Somerset Bingo, complete with sheets of paper. Pick a cross section of a hand full of yuppie stereotypes and make your sheets. Don't worry. One of you WILL get a bingo. Be sure to include "cougar with obvious boob job" and "sugar daddy" on your sheets. The free space should be labeled as "tweenster" which is any pubescent scenester. If you don't have time to draft up a couple of bingo sheets, The Human Draft is a great time too.For those of you who've never played The Human Draft, here are the rules:1. If you want to draft someone to your team you say "He/She is on MY team!" People you want on your team are good looking people and cool people.2. If you see someone who looks or acts ridiculous, you may force them onto your opponent's team by saying "He/She is on YOUR team!" People for your opponents teams include jealous boyfriends who have kung-fu grips on their girlfriends' arm and orange tanner addicts.If you're not out with someone who's a little bit of an asshole, these games will blow up in your face. You should feel ashamed of yourself.But seriously, did you see that guy pick his nose and eat it? He's totally on your team.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,2/24/2009,111,460,2,5,5>Scooted into this place today for a chat and a cup. I wasn't disappointed.I like the fact that there are at least a few places in Royal Oak that are quiet and have free WiFi. The idea of Starbucks charging for their WiFi just disgusts me. Then again, so does Starbucks in general.The WEP password for the WiFi cracks me up. I hope they turn it into a schtick every week that they change it. Next worker to make "cheese fish" the password will certainly get a tip!I've heard that this place can get a little rowdy, but I saw no evidence of that. It's certainly quieter than Caribou. In fact, it seemed like we were the only people talking in the place. When I'm in town and need to study or want to read, this would be an awesome place for it.I actually liked their coffee. I agree, theirs is a bit more expensive than I'm used to, but we're talking pocket change. A large steamer flavored for $3.25. House coffee is what, $2? I'll pay that for peace and quiet WITHOUT coffee.There were at least 10 people on Mac laptops (not including myself), which struck me as odd. It's that sort of place.No smoking, no hookahs. Lots of Kashi. Mostly high-backed wooden chairs, and possibly one couch. Keep that in mind. My second-favorite coffee house in Royal Oak.
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,2/23/2009,191,72,8,6,6>Mmmmmm.... the chicken noodle soup.That's all I remember. I think I had some chicken with vegetables on the side, and that was pretty good.But, mmmmmmmm... the chicken noodle soup.I LOVE chicken noodle soup, and this one is goooooood.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2009,2/22/2009,11,24,5,3,4>GREASY SPOONS AND SLIDER JOINTS THE WORLD OVER, I CHALLENGE THEE!!!Greene's is the best thus far.  I will continue to sample such delights taking years off my life in an attempt to find something better than Greene's.I dig a trio with cheese, onions, mustard, a little mayo and extra pickles.  Especially good after an evening of philandering with local tail.Oh and respect the jukebox.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,2/21/2009,15,59,,3,3>I like to come to Underground Sounds whenever I'm downtown just to see what's new in the world of music that floats just below the radar.  It's a cozy location on Liberty, right across the street from the Post Office.  Matt, the owner & operator of Underground Sounds, is incredibly passionate about music and that's what makes this store so special.  Matt knows his stuff and has a very keen ear - talk to him and you'll see what I mean.  He's never led me wrong with a music suggestion.  While the selection isn't comprehensive, every single record here has a story and a reason for being there.  It's places like these that open your eyes and ears to new, inspiring music: a local shop run by a passionate owner, with tons of knowledge and the love of sharing it.
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,2/20/2009,64,491,2,15,8>My partner and I are all about not adding disposable diapers to our uber-disgusting landfills and so we opted to use cloth diapers.  Tree City Diapers is the "it" place for cloth diapers.  If you thought cloth diapering was too difficult, check this place out.  They sell diaper covers with Velcro, with snaps, ones that are organic, ones that have fire trucks all over them.  They also sell alternatives to diaper pins.  It is a smorgasbord of cloth diapering wonderness up in there!They also have a great selection of carriers to promote bonding with your baby.  I highly recommend the one I use, called the Baby Hawk.  You can easily strap your baby face forward into you plus it is all cloth (meaning no plastic and also vegan friendly!).  My son loves it!  There is also a playroom for your little one, along with specialty toys.If you are breastfeeding, they sell alternatives to disposable breast pads and breastfeeding bras (they will fit you into one),  The staff is so knowledgable and friendly.  They have great resources if you are breastfeeding or have Post Partum Depression.  Definitely check this local place out as an alternative to Babies R Us and Target --  it's somewhere you could find a non-gift registry item for a baby shower!
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2008,2/19/2009,19,109,5,7,6>i didn't know i was so close to yummy filipino food until i caught the review on here!I tried it and i wasn't disappointed. My all-time favorite food is sinigang and so of course that is what i got. yum! it was $11.95 so i asked the server if it was large. she laughed at me. it was HUGE. the nice part was that i could get it with veggies only {i do believe i am one of maybe 100 filipinos that don't eat meat?}my boy got tapsilog. yummy fried rice and egg and bbq beef.we both had tea and were happy. no dessert but i scanned the menu; they had a good representation of all the essentials {pansit, lumpia, halo halo} and nice veggie section. There is also some more american food in there.the atmosphere was nice; didn't catch karoake so i think that was a plus!
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,2/18/2009,50,137,4,4,4>Where can you find an awesome burger in a restaurant that looks like something out of Pirates of the Caribbean? Red Coat! The burgers are to die for. Don't miss it! My only contention is that I seriously think they are just buying McDonald's french fries and passing them off as their own.Great wait staff. Cool dining room. Fun times!
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2008,2/17/2009,105,150,6,17,24>there are times when i am floored by the kindness of other people.  stick with me here for a minute. i think that it is a major generalization to say "people are generally good" or the opposite, i think different people make different decisions in different situations.but it's rare that my mouth drops open from someone's kindness.my father had a big day yesterday, it was his birthday and the first day of his retirement. we were all planning on going out to eat for dinner, and as my whole fam but me are on diets (*gasp!) they wanted fish... so mitchell's at the rochester hills outdoor mall, it was.my dad ended up not quite making it to the restaurant... i'll spare you the details, but he had what you might call a bit of an "episode" and ended up in the hospital.  episodes are weird, i guess you have to be older to get it... but i'm constantly hearing about my elders having "episodes."it's like "falling."  my mom called me over the winter & said that my grandma had "fallen..."  at what point does a fall go from being something you brush off, to something you get on the phone and tell the whole family about?aaaaaanywhoski...  my dad had to go to the hospital (everything's fine now) but last night, we had 5:30 pm rezzies at mitchell's and my sister called them... b/c my dad still wanted to go if he got out early enough... and explained the situation and asked if we could move it back to 7pm. they said no problem.at about 6:30 the doctors told my dad that they weren't taking any chances and they wanted him to see the heart specialist in the morning, so he had to stay the night... my sis called mitchell's and told them we weren't going to make it.45 minutes later a manager from mitchell's showed up at the hospital with 3 different desserts for my family and my dad.  she said it was something small from "all of us at mitchell's..." that they felt bad for my our situation.my family was floored.she brought an ice cream cake and a carrot cake which were both delicious... and one other chocolate concoction that i didn't get to.so, i've only had the dessert from there... but this place gets 5 stars in my book, both for the desserts and the service  :)still... as i write and reread this... i'm sincerely touched by her kindness.
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/15/2009,2/16/2009,81,83,3,6,4>Michigan has the best summers and I enjoy spending them outdoors.  The Beach Grill is the perfect place to relax outside and have a cocktail.  I think I have a love/hate relationship with The Beach Grill, I LOVE LOVE the deck and watching the boats, and the bartenders outside are so friendly & remember what you may have ate/had the previous time.  The food is allllrriiigggghhhttt, I have tried lots of things and nothing really stands out as being exceptional.  Great place to go after boating all day, or maybe even before.  It can be quite romantic if it isn't packed too, just watch out for your heels, they get stuck in the cracks! :)
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,2/15/2009,660,114,,18,9>I need to visit this place more often.  This afternoon was my second visit in approximately 4 years.  I remembered it being delicious, but I'm rarely out that way.  Well, today was no disappointment.  The store itself is cool because of the neat foreign groceries - a nice diversion, but the real star is the little 5 table diner that is attached.  Ordering is simple: there are roughly 5 hot dishes, fried whole fish, fried fatback, and egg rolls.  Today's menu - goat, sausage, pork adobo, and pork 2 other ways (I can't recall because I didn't try them).  2 hot dishes and rice is only $5.50! And Faye (the owner & a wonderful person) gives you a TON of food.  Admittedly, I am not totally familiar with Filipino food, so the spice usage eludes me - all I know is that everything was totally delicious.  The goat was tender; the sausages were sweet, smoky, and had a touch of heat; and the rice had really nice texture.  I'd never tried pork adobo before today.  Oh man, that is some incredible stuff.  Lots of fat and tender meat in a spicy, sweet, velvety sauce - seriously, I could bathe in this stuff.  Utterly decadent, this is definite comfort food.  So, so good.When the ice machine is functional, halo-halo is served, which I've never tried.  Ah well, I guess I'll have to go back!  I have to mention Faye again.  She was so friendly today. A wonderful woman who is proud of what she is doing.  A great place - I'll be back for more.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,2/14/2009,103,152,2,6,5>I needed these guys in an emergency and they came through.It was a cold Sunday in Michigan and I woke up to about 55 degree temps in my home.  My furnace died for some reason.I started my own little troubleshooting exercise... at the thermostat I turned on the fan to "on" from "auto".  The fan turned on.  My furnace was working at least as far as the fan mattered.  I turned on my gas stove.  I saw flame.  I had natural gas coming into my house which my furnace also needs.  I tried to force the furnace back to the "heat" setting and turned it up.  I ran downstairs and saw the igniter glow bright but then - no gas.  Why???  I knew I had to call someone now to help keep me from freezing in here!I had A-1 Comfort over to my home in 2003 to install a whole-home humidifier.  They did a great job back then and my humidifier has been keeping the winters that much better since then (no sinus problems, less colds, etc).  This was a Sunday though so I hoped they would pick up the phone.It was about noon by now and A-1 picked up the phone and said they would be over this afternoon.  Thank goodness!  I hoped for the best.  Within an hour or two a friendly tech from A-1 showed up to test out my system.  I told him what I learned and he hooked up a meter and tried a few things.  Within 20 minutes time he had the furnace working again but I didn't understand why.  He explained it could be a couple different things - most likely the igniter module and not the electronic gas valve that I suspected. Now for the options, which is why I write all this detail and really appreciate this service person (Jack) and letting me chose my own adventure... he could put in the new ignition module for me and charge me a bunch in labor plus part, or just sell me the part and let me do it myself.  He mentioned it could be the thermostat failing as well, so this was my call.  But he did say it was more likely the igniter module.  I decided as much as I like Jack I didn't want to pay to see him again and bought the new ignition module from him.The furnace worked for days since then.  Fast forward 3 days now and guess what?  I'm cold again!  The furnace is not working the same way as before.  So now I just changed the wiring and installed the new ignition module Jack gave me and guess what?  I'm getting all warm and toasty now with honest to goodness gas-fired furnace heat!Needless to say I am pleased with my service from A-1 back in 2003 and now this most recent time this year.  They have been here when I needed them no matter the day and given me a good recommendation despite not much facts but based on experience.  They saved me a bunch of money on a second house call (as it's after-hours of course).Ah... the gift of fire...   and heat!
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2009,2/13/2009,29,45,,6,2>24 Grille is located on the first floor of the recently re-opened Westin Book Cadillac Hotel.  It's one-half of the Spa 1924 Grille with the other half being Spa 19, which opens later this spring.This place has several things going for it.  First, it's inside the Westin Book Cadillac Hotel.  I made a documentary about the hotel a few years ago when they were still trying to get the place opened after more than 20 years of dormancy.  It always has a sentimental place in my heart as a result.They also have an amazing drink menu.  All of the classics that you would expect elsewhere can be found here.  They also have a multitude of signature Detroit-themed cocktails that one can only find at their bar:  Kid on the Rocks, Eight Mile Martini and so on.I'm a fan of their Stanley Cup, which is Jose Cuervo + something else to give it a red color.  This one is served with dry ice.The fact that it's served with dry ice does two things.  First, it produces a bubbling sensation in the drink that makes it extra fun and is bound to get you noticed by everyone around.  Second, it produces a white fog that floats above your drink; completing the Red Wings red and white color scheme.  Most importantly, this beverage is very, very tasty.As for the food, 24 Grille takes a casual, upscale approach to American cuisine.  They feature appetizers like sliders made with Kobe beef as well as entrees like crab lasagna.  All of it is perfectly prepared.I visited on the first weekend that they were opened.  They did have a few kinks to work out of their system.  For example, it took almost 20 minutes for me to retrieve my coat from coat check because the hostess who would normally man that station had to take care of something else in the restaurant.  However, I'm willing to chalk things like that up to opening weekend kinks that aren't likely to be a serious issue once the place has been up and running for a couple of weeks.In short, I highly recommend this place.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,2/12/2009,82,100,7,8,11>DERRRRRBY! I have been meaning to go forever, to see my old pal Iggy Slop (he's a street walkin' cheetah with a heart full of naplam) keep those derby girls in line. After hearing lots of his stories, and reading lots of stuff (entirely wholeseome) about the girls on the bathroom walls at the 8 ball, I finally got around to checking it out. Good times! The Yelp crew was awesome enough to save us seats, there are a few rows of folding chairs, otherwise you take your life in your hands by sitting right at the edge of the rink. I had no idea just how sporting of an event this would be, but there were actually live commentators and some super awesome people getting the crowd riled up by doing the wave. Sweet. Also, Pabst was available and some kind of rockabilly band played at intermission, it all seemed oddly appropriate. I finally caught on to the general idea of the game, but how they keep score and penalties will take awhile. I am looking forward to going back, I hear the refs have been known to wear some interesting theme costumes. Check out the DDG webpage, the pictures of injuries are nuts!
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2009,2/11/2009,13,21,6,12,10>Best Darn Strudel around. This kids is the REAL thing. They have many varieties to choose from and if you order ahead they can make what you don't see on a normal walk in basis. Apricot, Walnut, Cherry, Cheese, and a few others. They even made a pumpkin strudel in October. You can also get your Hungarian pastas here as well. Real Hunky stuff!! Always Fresh
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2009,2/10/2009,182,276,2,5,3>Wow, good Thai food Downriver.  Thats a shock.  Basic strip mall location with about 8 tables.  At first glance, the menu looks comprehensive, but pricey.  The server was very nice and pointed out that there level of spice is much higher than your standard asian restaurant.  My daughter and both ordered our food "mild" and was treated to a fairly hot end result.  On to the food...I ordered basic Thai chicken fried rice, and it was fresh and delicious.  It was at least as good as Bangkok 96 in Dearborn.  My daughter ordered the Bangkok chicken and was also a spicy delight.  We also had Hot and Sour Soup, which was good, but not as good as B96's delicious creation.The portions are huge here... Enough for 2 meals.  Keep that in mind when judging the prices.  I will be returning often .Update:  Today, I had the Thai Basil Rice with Scallops.  It was amazing.  This place is pushing 5 stars now.
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2009,2/9/2009,71,149,7,8,7>I'm not really a sports person, in fact, I've never even been to a Red Wings game.  My friend got tickets for the game and suggested that we meet here.  Maybe it was the fact that I got lost twice trying to find the place that the beer tasted so good.  I was just glad to sit down to a cold brewski instead of being stuck and lost in traffic.  The Supreme pizza was pretty tasty, and complimented the beer quite well.  This little joint isn't too bad for a brew or two and some bar food before catching a game at the Joe.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2008,2/8/2009,85,39,4,2,4>2nd best isn't so bad.  This gets my second favorite ranking in Detroit Mexican.  The food is good.  The drive is still a bit off of the highway, meaning you get to drive through this cozy little area of dix hwy and vernor. The restaurant has a great ambiance which Los Altos is missing and it does not lack character.   It smells of mexican food and you can jam out to the great music, if you like relatively cheesy mexican music.  The staff is great and worth the trip.However, nothing makes the trip more worth it than their salsa.  They have the best salsa in the city.  Sometimes I think about bringing a jar with me and everytime the server leaves, emptying it into my jar so I can bring it home.... ok...you caught me... I'm lying.... I never thought that... gut its not that bad an idea.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/29/2009,2/6/2009,33,105,5,6,5>I am so torn on how to write this review. I love food and my mouth was happy (all I had was an Italian cream soda and some cupcakes), however, I have to take away points for service. I will give it an overall "decent."Experience #1 with Swirls: drive to meet Sarah G. for a cupcake. Hours posted on the door and the website state that Swirls should be open and serving us yummy goodness. No such luck. Swirls is closed. We are sad and head to Bigby down the road for some coffee.Experience #2 with Swirls: Opened (check), cupcakes in stock and looking yummy (check), compentent staff (FAIL). Between not knowing how to work the register, and me walking them through making my Italian Cream Soda, I was disappointed to say the most about the staff. Perhaps I caught them on a bad day... but if you can't make the things on your menu, you should probably LEARN or find a job that you can handle. I went to Swirls specifically for the cupcakes. They are definitely better than The Cupcake Station in B'ham, but still do not compare to the swanky, trendy cupcake shoppes in bigger cities. I am still in search of a MI bakery/cafe that can satisfy my craving for an out of this world cupcake, but these are decently moist and very sweet (which for me is a plus). They also stock a good variety of flavors. Decent.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/6/2008,2/5/2009,33,16,5,4,4>Now, my friends (actually one in particular) are bigger fans than I am of 'The Lotus.' Still, I think it's a serviceable, valuable and yes, tasty local destination. The 10ish original beers on tap are well made and range from basics like the Pilsner & IPA to the exotic Apricot Wheat and Yelper-favorite Oatmeal Stout. I find something good about each one and any amateur to semi-pro beer connoisseur will enjoy perusing Lotus' offerings. At least once. This is the part where 'the snarky' enters stage left. Unless I wanted hot dogs that tasted like grilled cheese (or vice versa) I wouldn't eat here. Their "kitchen" resembles my freshman dorm room but instead of the George Forman Grill, they've upgraded to a bonafide Hotplate 3000. Everything is cooked on the same griddle and sub-par at that. After 4-5 7% ABV Stouts I would consider some Nachos, let's just put it at that. Also, they recently started selling 'handcrafted' wines. The joke about distilled Welsch's grape juice is too easy so we'll just move on.That said, I give it another star for congeniality. A friendly group of regulars and patrons, it's a neighborhood place that encourages conversation, laughs and more. The open mic provides nice ambiance and your chances are good you'll see some entertaining and talented acts.  Finally, I commend this place for whole-heartedly embracing local biz-nass and culture. It's through and through a local place that loves being an asset to the Clawson & Metro D area. Overall, a friendly, fun place to enjoy a pint.
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2008,2/4/2009,8,2,3,10,6>Red had me at hello...3 years ago we began our long distance relationship, at the time I was living in Chicago, (I'm back in the D now). I wasn't the only Chicagoan who knew the gas money  was well spent on the sweet, sweet , cut, color, and highlight. So worth it. If you're a little bit rockstar or missing a big city, check it out. There's talent all around.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,2/3/2009,332,128,,7,6>Heyo!I went here to meet up with fellow Yelper Dave B.I frequent this place often.  It's a nice midway point between me and some other people I cowork with.  This place is crowded at all hours with students studying.  It's a 24-hour joint.  Here are some things to get you by...Tip #1: Don't bring any outside food or drink under any circumstances.  You will get your hand slapped.Tip #2: Park in the parking garage and get the first 2 hours free.  After that, it's about a dollar an hour.  There is no private parking.Tip #3: They have a not-so-known-about sandwich selection that's delicious.  Order one.I dock it a star for too many students and no free parking.When you go there, say hi to James when you're there.  He's been there since the beginning.
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,2/2/2009,53,254,6,5,6>I've lived in A2 almost 15 years now, and for the majority of it, the only consistent place to see great live music was the Blind Pig.  Which is why the latest incarnation of the Elbow Room is so welcome.Smokey? Always.  Loud?  More often than not.  Crowded? Well where else are all of us music snobs supposed to hang out?  Of course its not just music snobs. The Elbow Room definitely has a local, welcome feel to it. Its full of people who like their booze cheap and plentiful, and their music homegrown and interesting.  These are my people.And that's why the Elbow is as five star as it gets. Its quintessential dive bar, and for those of us who appreciate that sort of thing, what a rare gem to have another so close to home.
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2008,2/1/2009,80,325,7,4,4>Luna has been a good time on every visit. Even in my mid-30s, I don't feel like a total freak in a mini skirt, boots and fishnets. I can feel like I'm still reasonably young without looking like a total loser (at least that's what I tell myself).We've also brought out-of-town visitors here, and met up with other friends. Everyone has had a good time. The staff and the atmosphere are welcoming and fun.The spinning booths are awesome, but be careful after a few drink specials!
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/18/2008,1/31/2009,467,299,14,15,10>I needed a bachelorette gift. I know this sounds odd, but the bachelorette wasn't "really a bachelorette" anymore. A friend of mine got married and then had the reception 8 months later (no, no kidzies involved), but she still wanted the whole bridal experience-- hence the bachelorette party. I would like to commend this particular Lover's Lane on A+ service-- We were greeted promptly and then asked if there was anything particular that we were looking for.  I told her I had a bachelorette party in an hour-- she pointed me to the bachelorette wall. This is where Lover's Lane loses some points. The selection really wasn't anything to write home about (well I'd be concerned if you were literally "writing home" about some of their merchandise to begin with.. Anyway, they had some funny little bachelorette party dare cards-- only one left and it was opened.. they couldn't promise me all 50 something cards were in there.. and like I said, I had an hour-- I would just pick something else. I don't know. I just wasn't impressed. I have been other places that seemed like they had such a broader variety of the things they were carrying.oh, but I will say this.. the boots they had... uh... those boots were made for walking ( perhaps street), and that's just what they'll do..
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2008,1/30/2009,9,25,6,3,5>In a different area, this is a just another dive. But in Royal Oak, it's an oasis. It's release from the grip of backwards baseball hats, button up shirts, and too much make-up that is Royal Oak. This place is at it's best during the week. Great Jukebox, just enough people to stir things up, and cheap PBR. What more can you ask for?If you come on the weekend, be prepared for the mix of people who like the bar, and drunk tools who stumbled across it while on their way back to Mr. B's or any of the other unoriginal bars that little Royal Oak.
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,1/29/2009,8,30,4,4,3>A great big greasy burger cooked to order in a restaurant designed to look like an authentic stainless steel diner- inside pasted with nostalgic photos of stars who were popular back when what this place is supposed to look like really make it seemed like someone wwatched Happy Days. On the down side, the prices are definitely not nostalgic, you might as well drive to Traverse City because Milford is probably halfway there and the Elvis pinball machine is almost as dead as the King.  The kids meal comes in a paper '50s finned automobile, so if your child was born after 1974, you'll probably have some 'splaining to do.   Good, but not as good as Michigan's best West Coast vacation spot burger-  Redamaks in New Buffalo.
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,1/28/2009,21,23,,4,4>As a downtown Detroit dweller I have of-late found a couple places that would easily destroy the competition in the suburbs; Roast being one of them.  The staff was friendly and knowledgeable.  The food was done to perfection and thoroughly enjoyable;  and the atmosphere was open and cozy.  If your in the mood for a great wild game menu, great service and a solid dining experience, then this is definitely the place to go in downtown Detroit.
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2009,1/27/2009,12,17,4,4,4>I enjoy a good pint of beer and glass of wine. Some places accomplish both averagely. Then there are some that focus on one or the other going that extra mile. The Berkley Front is a beer garden (not a brewery) that does just that. It has over 40 taps and even more bottled beers. If you are open to trying something new then definitely sit down. The staff is wonderful and helpful. They will walk you through what you might or might not like. The Front is not a flashy grandfather clock sized diamond ladened wristwatch on the wrist of Puff Daddy. It's a comfortable dive for the beer lover. On the weekends it can get a little hipster filled. If you can handle a few pompadours, emo sweaters or urban bohemian frocks then you won't have a scenester seizure. If you are just looking for a bud light or have a more double-wide taste in beer this is not the place for you. I'm sure you could walk anywhere and find a place with 30 TV's and 10 taps of bud light.
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,1/26/2009,18,10,4,7,5>This store is not for the weak of originality.A true treasure trove of your neighbors "junk", Regeneration, offers great pieces from several generations.  Do you want to look like Cher from Clueless or the one rocking it out with Sonny?  This is your place.  They have amazing prices, products you may actually wants and sizes galore.  Now you will not find a Chanel jacket here, but a hot Sears and Roebuck coat that needs your special touch is on the rack to the left.Just go and explore.  It is in a good 'hood, so even if you don' find something there...tons more to buy and things do up the block.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2008,1/25/2009,1,1,,4,2>I had sushi from Koji for the second time last night. The first time was carry out and it was superb. The dining experience last night was relaxing and the sushi was once again top notch. They opened recently and just got their liquor license so we were able to enjoy a selection from their considerable list of wines. I plan to return to this restaurant frequently.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2008,1/24/2009,1,32,3,4,4>Great restaurant, a must!  I went here for my first date and went back again after our 1-year anniversary.  The food, ambiance, service, and menu is alllll wonderful!I have been here twice for dinner and the dishes we had are amazing and of top quality.  My favorite thing about Cafe Zola is the unique twist they put on dishes that you do not see too much at other conservative restaurants in Michigan.  From the capers in the bread spread (no plain butter here!) to the coconut-cilantro rice, it is all neat to taste and experience.  I would recommend the Ahi Tuna and the Chimichurri Tango.  They are delicious to say the least.  I also tried a Salmon-Stuffed Ravioli which wasn't that great, there are definitely better alternatives.  A must-try!  I plan on trying this place out for breakfast/brunch soon
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,1/23/2009,1,17,4,7,1>Much better than the Post Bar up the street.  Always had a good time at this place as long as I got a good waitress.  If you're not happy, ask for a different one or move to her section. For a quick, no-wait lunch they have the hot plate special - A different dish every day. The meatloaf and mashed potatoes is killer and also the homemade tomato Florentine soup. The Philly cheese-steak and the "Hoops" burger are pretty good too. They have good fried perch too, but I can't remember if that was a special or not. Their kitchen is a little pokey so don't expect a quick lunch if you don't do the hot plate. If you're going to a night event at the Palace, park at Hoops and then take the Hoops bus. Much easier, fun, and safe. (Ask your waitress about it) Use the money you save from Palace parking to play some pool, darts, or Keno. After you get back with your friends to hang out after the concert/event, order things not on the menu (may have to be a regular) like chili cheese fries with crumbled bacon and a dollup or two of sour cream on top and salt to taste. Goes good with drinking you've done up to this point and taste real good. Will also establish a nice base for what you will order soon after. Again, not on the menu, it's called the "Shark(s) Bowl". I'm not saying anything more. You'll have to experience it for yourself. And make sure you have a few friends to help out on this one!
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2008,1/21/2009,23,59,1,5,4>Treasure Mart is the best!  You can buy everything from dining room furniture to furs and from fine china to cheap funky glasses.  The top level contains the more reasonable pieces and things not in a complete set as well as kitsch items . The main floor has more fine china and nearly new dining room tables and chairs to die for.   Then in the basement you can find things clearanced out of that have been there for a while.Plan on spending some time there as you might have to dig through some things to find some really good pieces.Also the staff is amazing.  They will help load things and even offer a delivery service in town as well as out of town.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2009,1/20/2009,39,69,5,7,5>I originally went to New China on a bet.  My best friend lives about 2 blocks from this restaurant, and he and I always joked that, from the outside, it looks like a front for drugs or something.Nothing wrong with the outside of the building, in all honesty, it just looks like it hasn't been updated since the 70's and perhaps my friend and I are overly judgmental.  He was afraid to go, I had to twist his arm.  And, in their defense, I should say that in the past year they did replace their sign!  (I actually preferred the old sign, but improvement is improvement).So, we went to New China for the first time in our lives and on the way there my brother drove by us, so we called him on his cell phone and he joined us.  He spoiled our excitement and nervousness, however, when he told us that his neighbors come here every week and that this place is the best.  The lesson here?  Don't judge a book by it's cover.We had such an excellent meal that we have been going back regularly for about a two years.  Either my friend or myself or any of the several people we've referred here come here once a week or once every two weeks.Alice, the owner, runs the establishment with her husband, brother, and children.  It is truly a mom-and-pop family-run establishment. She pours a *very* strong drink (they have a curiously stocked bar and wonderful concoctions of alcoholic drinks on the menu...try the fog cutter or really any of the 8 custom cocktails!), the portion sizes are more than adequate, and if you request substitutions or have dietary restrictions, she will accommodate you.  Oftentimes we will just tell her to make us a dish with "only fresh vegetables" (i.e. nothing canned), with a certain type of sauce (say, black bean and garlic, or ginger, etc...) and she'll just whip it up!   However, that being said, we mostly just order off of the menu, because the food is great and the menu is LARGE and PLENTIFUL (several pages long)!Give New China a try and you will likely be back for more.My favorite items there:  - When I'm sick, the Shrimp Ya-Cat Mein soup (which I just refer to as the "Jeff Sick Soup"), which has shrimp, vegetables, small noodles, in a somewhat clear broth  - As a decadent appetizer, the Shrimp Toast  - Although Alice is from Hong Kong, she makes the best PAD THAI in town!  T h e   B  e s t.  - Love the hong shu fish  - Egg foo young and fried rices are wonderful  - I could just go on and on....
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2008,1/19/2009,387,597,6,8,4>April is still a genius with the eyebrows. She's fabulous. I have some difficult brows, and I had Aubrey do them once and they did not come out as well. I had my hair cut for the first time in 2 years at this place. I was given some serious attitude by one of the stylists. You see, I am ass broke. And I really hate going to the salon. I hate making small talk. I hate having my hair pulled and pulled and pulled while it is getting dried. But I really needed a hair cut. It was a pretty good cut. But man, what a snob. I happen to be a huge fan of box hair dye, I really like my color. I have gotten SO MANY compliments on my hair color. He kept nagging me to come back and let him do a professional color. Dude, I do not have $200 to drop every other month on hair color. I don't have 3 hours. And further, I have no one to impress. I am a student, I live in a pony tail and hoodies. But I will keep coming back to April... the hair stylists though, ugh. Whatever.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,1/18/2009,45,38,1,6,4>Where else can you ge t a grocery cart full of fruits and veggies for $25? Nowhere else! The only drawback about the produce in this store is that you have to eat it pretty quickly. It's usually at peak ripeness the day you buy it.  A lot of times we buy fruit here to use with the power juicer becuase it is so cheap. It's kinda of an on your own kind of store, not to say that the employees wouldn't help you if you had a question. They also have other random non fruit and veggie type of stuff here such as orange juice and eggs.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2009,1/17/2009,15,36,2,4,2>This place is cute. The art deco ceiling is pretty neat. The place itself reminds me of old Detroit. Like a jazz bar or something. I have no idea what it was before Union Street. I love myself a good burger and I have been on this kick lately.. It's not healthy, I know. But, I could be dead tomorrow -- so I'll do what I want. Don't judge me. Anyhow, I ordered one of the three burgers they have listed - The Boss Angus Burger. It was good, but wasn't the best I have had. Quite mediocre. One thing I was disappointed with was that my burger came with tortilla chips. I found that very strange. Typically a burger will come with fries or I wouldn't have been surprised to have seen ripple chips or regular potato chips, it's just they were Tostitos. That really thew me. Draught beer is only a few quarters above average prices and my Blue Moon wasn't very cold. I had the best looking server in the restaurant, so it kind of made up for the warm beer. : ) I would give this place a second try and will update this posting once I do so. I wouldn't avoid this place. Everyone else seems to love it. I just wasn't incredibly impressed. Two things to avoid are meeting someone here by yourself - The liquor store next to the restaurant always has bums hanging out in front. & make sure you're not parking your car too far away or in a dark area.
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2009,1/16/2009,99,529,6,8,6>Having just moved here and having seen The Flytrap on FoodTVs "Diners, Drive-Ins & Dives," we had to go!We were able to park directly in front of the restaurant in metered parking, so that was a nice surprise (we expected to have to park and walk). What also surprised us was how tiny the seating area itself was! I don't know whether I didn't pay attention during the TV segment or whether you just get a skewed idea, but it was T-I-N-Y. While we were waiting for places to open up (I think we waited about 15 minutes), I counted the available seats, and including the bar area, it topped out at 42 (which may sound decent, but it was fairly crowded--you can sort of see how close the tables are in the picture I uploaded). There were two large booths that could accommodate six (it's first come, first serve, so the two of us ended up in one of these booths), I think three tables that fit two, and the rest fit four; of course the bar was individual seating and I think there were maybe eight spots.One thing we noticed--which doesn't specifically have anything to do with the staff or food or anything, but which does have a tiny effect on the atmosphere--is that some of the patrons are seemingly very anxious about getting seated. Meaning, since it is first come/first serve AND seat yourself, you kind of have to police yourselves as to who gets seated first. (The waiting area is QUITE small, maybe enough room for five people.) While we were waiting, two more couples came in, and when the 6-top booth opened, we all knew we were there first, so we took the booth. However, while we were there, we saw many people rush a table as the past guests were leaving, and also saw people crowding the staff as they were clearing a table for the next service. I just wanted to say PEOPLE, CALM DOWN, WAIT 30 SECONDS FOR THEM TO CLEAR THE TABLE. I mean, it wasn't like there were 30 people waiting and fighting for seats.But I digress.The service was good, albeit a bit slow in getting the food in my opinion. Within 30 seconds of seating ourselves, we had water and menus and our drink order taken. The menu is just an 8.5x11 sheet folded in half so there's not THAT many dishes, but you did want to read them all (especially since we had never been there) and they all looked good. But we knew what we wanted fairly quickly, and our waitress walked by us at least 3-4 times without asking. I guess it's not a big deal, I just love it when a waitress times it perfectly.Our orders were taken and then the wait was on. I guess for a diner (albeit "a finer diner" as their saying goes), I was expecting a little quicker service...it was a good 20 minutes before we received our food. If you were there with friends, the time might pass faster, as you'd be chatting and whatnot. Or maybe it was just my pregnant self that was hungry now. I mean NOW. :)But it was worth the wait.I had had trouble deciding between the Pho Bowl (which was one of the dishes Guy gushed over on the show), the BLAT (bacon, lettuce, avocado, and tomato sandwich), the french onion soup omelette (which hubby ended up getting, so it took one choice out of my equation), and the Fire-Breathing Dragon (an Asian chicken dish)... It came down to me desperately wanting fries and not feeling like paying for them as a side, so I went with the BLAT.It was yummy. Delicious sourdough bread, a decent amount of perfectly-crispy bacon (which I always worry about on a BLT), yummy garlic aioli, and of course the tomato and lettuce. I would have preferred just a bit more avocado, but it was a tasty addition nonetheless. It came with a dill pickle spear on the plate and fries on the side. OMG were the fries heavenly. They didn't appear particularly homemade, but I could be wrong (they were McDonalds fry size, not what I would imagine would be homemade/homecut size, but what do I know?). Oh that's right, I know they were HOT and SALTY. Mmmmmm. They need to serve a chili cheese version and I would be in heaven. But back to their actual menu... Hubby's omelette was decidedly tasty. The waitress said it would taste like french onion soup and you know what? It kinda did. If french onion soup had arugula in it, LOL. The bite he shared with me was yummy, and I could definitely see me ordering that.The staff kept his coffee and my water filled, so that was a pleasant surprise. The atmosphere was kind of on the loud side, as if everyone thought they had to talk above everyone else to be heard, but we had no problem hearing each other at normal talking levels.So, overall, I would honestly rate them 4.5 stars, but because the food and service were great, I am erring on the positive side with 5 stars.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,1/15/2009,108,104,6,5,10>I'm not a baseball stadium aficionado.Nor am I a hotdog lover.And I still managed to have a lovely afternoon at Comerica Park. After a rough start involving one overdone hamburger (from the picnic area--we were at a corporate event) one ketchup dispenser that refused to dispense (thank you, Mr. Mustard, for being agreeable) and an alarming abundance of Pepsi-related products, we grabbed some popcorn and headed to our seats. Not a bad seat in the house, I must say. Beer hawkers hawked incessantly (in a good way). And cotton candy seemed to flow from every direction--yummy, shimmery, pink tufts of sugar. Lovely day, lovely day.
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2009,1/14/2009,34,50,5,7,3>This is a great lunch spot if you're in the maple/telegraph area.  This place is small but cozy, and can get quite busy at lunch time so that it's sometimes hard to find a table.  Bonnie's has an array of deli-type salads, sandwiches, soups and baked goods.  I, for one, love soup.  It's something that I can eat every day of the week.  Bonnie's soups are awesome, particulalry the cream of tomato with dill, sweet potato and pea, and the greek lentil soup.  Ahhh  so good.  The deli salads are also great and are served cold (or they'll heat it up for you if you want).  By deli salads, I mean the type that you would find at the prepared foods section of Whole Foods.  Everything here is pretty good, and what I like about places like this, is that the deli salads are sold by the pound, so you can get as much or as little as you want.   I also recommend the lentil burrito accompanied by the yogurt-cilantro sauce.  The baked goods are awesome and it's sometimes really really hard to resist getting something sweet.  The brownies are really good, and I also highly recommend the poppyseed cake with strawberries (really tasty and unlike anything I've had before).  The reason why this place doesn't get 5 stars is because Bonnie is kind of mean.  The rest of the staff is really sweet and nice, but I always get a mean vibe from Bonnie (and I've seen her be postively charming to other patrons!  Weird!).  One time she did call me "dear" and I almost fell over in shock!  Huh.  Also, sometimes the music is REALLY BAD in there--I'm talking Michael Bolton and Celine Dion--soft rock crap!  But the food is really really good, so I put up with it.
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2008,1/13/2009,267,274,8,15,14>Hidden on a side street, in a new office building in the "Triangle District" of Birmingham is the new swanky bistro: Forest Grill. Lets talk ambiance first. It is a very clean and contemporary space. All outside walls are glass and look out onto the street. Most of the tables (well...except for ours...boo) have a view of the open kitchen. Tables are very crisp with white tablecloths and wicker like chairs. I must say...i HATED the chairs. They were extremely uncomfortable and by the end of the meal all I wanted to do was stand up. Please change the chairs!!!Starting off with drinks....they have a very extensive wine list. With not only regular 6oz pours but also 3oz pours in case you want to taste a few different wines OR (like me) you are pregnant and want a small glass of wine with your dinner (don't judge! its totally "Doctor Approved")The menu is chocked full of choices that would please any foodie...with everything being made in house. As far as the food goes there is much to choose from. From bone marrow to fresh brick oven pizza ... me and my fellow dinners stared at the menu for a good 20 minutes trying to decide on what to please our palettes with. Most entrees were within the $20 - $30 range. We ordered up the Lobster and Green Apple Risotto for an appetizer ($18). It was amazing. We licked the bowl clean. I will say it was a bit on the small side for the price but we savored every morsel. For dinner I ordered the Steak Frites, which was an excellent cut with thin fries and a scrumptious bearnaise sauce. My friends ordered the scallops, black cod and the steak. Everyone was very satisfied with their dinner and most of us ate way past being "full". Finally desert...we ordered up a creme brulee and warm chocolate cake. The dessert portions were surprisingly large. The creme brulee was excellent and the warm chocolate cake was to die for.All in all it was a very nice meal. So why the 4 stars? Its more like 4.5 stars ... I think we did have one of the worst tables in the house - by the door and not in view of the kitchen (we did have a reservation)...so that left a bad taste in my mouth. Also those chairs...arg! They were the worst. When I go out to a nice meal i want to be comfortable and enjoy myself but I was always readjusting. To me...wicker does not equal "nice" or "comfortable". Would I recommend it? Definitely! Fine dining in Metro Detroit is few and far between and this definitely fits the bill. I would go again just for that risotto! yummm...I am drooling just thinking about it!
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2008,1/12/2009,60,311,1,6,5>Like Middle Eastern food?  Then this Royal Oak restaurant is an absolute must! Located on Main Street at the corner of 11 mile this Middle Eastern restaurant offers diners healthy and tasty food for an unbelievable price. Beirut place's menu is loaded with all the classic Middle Eastern eats like falafel, fatoosh, Lebanese salad, and chicken shwarma . All of the food is consistently tasty and flavorful. The hummus is a smooth and creamy blend of chickpeas, tahini and olive oil that makes a perfect beginning to any meal. The Lebanese salad comes with fresh greens, crunchy cucumbers and green peppers and sweet tomatoes, slathered in an awesomely light, but delicious vinaigrette. My personal favorite is their foul (pronounced fool). This combination of fava beans, onions, garlic and oil is cook to perfection yielding a sweet and smoky taste. Beirut Place also offers a wide range of sandwiches form vegetarian to lamb and chicken. In addition to the great eats, this local restaurant blends up some fantastic smoothies and fresh squeezed juices. I have been eating at Beirut for several years now and I can't think of one bad take out experience or detrimental dine in incident. The service is great and regulars are always graciously thanked for their continuous patronage. Beirut Palace also has a patio where customers can dine outside and enjoy the sunshine while smoking Turkish tobacco off of one of many hookahs this joint has lining the walls inside the restaurant. For the price of dishes and the proportions this is the perfect place to grab a plentiful and healthy lunch or dinner.
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,1/11/2009,62,178,4,5,3>Four stars? ... not reallyBut... it serves South Indian!!Udipi is a gem... finding a restaurant that specializes in South Indian food is hard to find!  Oh, for those who don't know, south Indian food equals vegetarian.  This small restaurant located in a strip mall delivers some darn good dishes.  Order dosai, poori, thali, palak paneer, or any of the curries.. you won't be disappointed.  Hmm... don't order the eggplant curry, it's just ok.No, it is not exactly the flavor that I remember from my days in India but it definitely offers some good Indian food.  I take that back, the decor, semi-dim lighting, and service does remind me of India! Oh, warning for those who like it spicy.... it's not so spicy.  I beg them every time to make it spicy but they never do... oh, well!
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,1/10/2009,48,66,5,6,7>I was a fan of Eph McNally's in this location, but I may be a bigger fan of Mudgie's. I prefer the simple and modern decor to the hodge-podge of  vintage clutter that was Eph's. The food is delicious. It's expensive, for lunch. It's easily over $10 a person, but you get SO MUCH food that you can have it for lunch, and then save the rest for a late afternoon snack. The ingredients are fresh and tasty and the menu is inventive. It stays true to Eph's, but also offers something new, and something more. It's also nice to see Greg Mudge smile and act relaxed. He seemed so wound up and frazzled when it was Eph's.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,1/8/2009,5,26,3,4,3>My wife and I love this place. We were introduced by good friends of ours that live very close to Sy Thai, and now we're addicts!  Their 'fresh rolls' are phenomenal (veggie), ..we get them every time!  My wife loves the Curry Noodle, I love Fried Rice #3.  There are other great dishes, but these are our favs, easily.The reason Sy Thai doesn't get 5 stars from us ... the owner (I think she's the owner).  Non-Asian, dark hair, you'll see her, and you'll remember her too, because shes the ONLY one in the restaurant that won't smile! The staff is tremendous, but she is a complete 'downer'.   I don't know the woman, but anyone who does not can ONLY assume that she is mean.You bring your bill up to the counter, she just takes it, runs your card, give you your receipt, never says anything, and is always completely stoic!Fortunately, the staff and food out-shine her ....we still love it there!Enjoy!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2009,1/7/2009,121,284,,6,5>I really love this place.  I don't know of a better happy hour-$2.00 home brew drafts and $3.00 glasses of wine-and a cheap eats bar menu.  Lunch is reasonable and the food is really good.  A little bit less pretentious than Tom's (which I also like 99 cent oysters 4-6) and the food is a bit more simplistic.This is the kind of place this is-today a friend and I stopped in for lunch.  When it was time for the bill-the server said that the lady  (a regular-Barb)in the corner booth had paid for it-we didn't know her and she didn't work there.  As we walked over to thank her and more import figure out what the heck was going on...I'm not that handsome to warrant free meals! :), we over heard another table saying thank you.  She bought all the tables lunches around.  She said I hope you have a much better 2009 than 2008.  It's rare to have someone show kindness for the sake of being kind these days and to be honest if I were to ever guess where I'd find someone be that kind-It would be Lilys.BTW-Mug Club is 35 for a lifetime.....well worth it
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2008,1/6/2009,53,24,10,6,5>my hat is off to fellow yelp user 'kelly w.' for her poignant analysis of the conundrum that is frieda. if you are a virgin of the chalet, you'll recognize her as soon as you see her...there is no mistaking frieda. imagine if amy winehouse bleached her beehive a distinctive shade of strawberry blonde and lived for another eighty years. voila! now you and frieda are well acquainted.firstly, i must say she probably deserves congressional medal of honor or something of the sort  for putting up with the antics of spoiled suburbanites year after year. i'm sure her job isn't easy and i commend her for fighting the good fight. may the lord bless you and keep you, frieda. you are an incredible woman.  with that said, i love this bar.............................but the truth is frieda can make or break your night. think dr. jekyll and mr. hyde.when she brings her A game, she is a hoot. my friends & i went there after the kid rock concert on superbowl weekend and pretty much had the place to ourselves with the exception of a handful of other people. nothing but the kid played on the jukebox & nearly everyone was standing on their chairs singing along into our respective empty-beer-bottle-microphones. frieda didn't flinch. in fact, i would venture to say she had a good time. then there is the other extreme. i affectionately call this her 'vulture mode.' on more than one occasion, she has cut me off without mercy if i exceed three beers in my first hour...and i'm not an out of control patron by any means. i rarely venture away from the group i'm with & keep things pretty tame. is twenty minutes per beer really not that outrageous or am i a complete lush? it is amazes me that she can keep such close tabs no matter how busy the night is!if you think you can wait it out and resume your booze cruise after some time has passed, you can't. frieda won't budge. when she says you are cut off, she means for the entire evening. her word is final. when this happens, you have no choice but to fold. insulting frieda would be sacrilegious. there are a precisely three ways to escape the frieda doctrine, but you have to be clever. she has the eyes of a hawk.1) you may sneak up to the bar and order from a different server. it is best to consume your drink at the bar, not back in frieda's territory. this has proven to be mildly successful in the past. remember-  tip the other bartender well, they'll know what's up your sleeve. 2) have your DD order on your behalf. 3) head to the bathroom. change your clothes. slap on a wig, sunglasses and a smile and hope for the best. good luck and tread carefully!
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,1/5/2009,18,57,,3,2>The food at place total rocks. Get there early or you may have to wait in line for a seat. I don't love their coffee. If they got a better grade of coffee, I'd give it 5 stars. The staff is pretty friendly. I ended up meeting a guy named Mike who works there once when I was out drinking at O'Tooles. He invited me to come in to the restaurant (he is a promoter of the place outside of work. ) I did and he remembered me. Still does when I go in months later. Nice guy. Great food. Unique decor. (Lotsa vintage toasters on shelves on the wall and some decent artwork.)I have not done lunch there yet.I like it. I recommend it.
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2009,1/4/2009,47,134,2,7,4>My family visited Fiddler on a Friday evening - there was a plate of cut Challah near the bar, an amazing site to see!  I went here with my Jewish family when I was younger, and I was blown away this time by our visit - this is a really, really great place to eat dinner on Friday or any night.  My family and I ordered the borscht and chicken noodle soup - the borscht, was excellent.  The Challah was excellent.  We had the stuffed cabbage app. - it was good.  For the main course I ordered a garlic-sauteed chicken, my parents liver and beef brisket.  Both were very good - the side dishes of mashed potatoes were amazing.  Like former reviewers said, this place has mucho character.   It is expensive but I believe it is economical and a great place to eat a meal!
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2009,1/3/2009,22,18,3,3,3>This place is amazing! If you're in to the glorified Taco Bell (Los Galanos, Mexican Gardens) feel with cheese on your tacos instead of pico de gallo and freshly squeezed lime you are MISSING OUT! Oh, please try the carnitas with corn tortillas instead of flour.The waitresses do not speak english but usually they are pretty cute girls so it definitely makes ordering easier. The menus have brief descriptions in english so just point to what you want! I also like the fact that if you order soda they give you a can and a plastic cup with ice. For some reason little things like that make me realize that the spot is the real deal.If you're coming from the serious burbs they have their own private gated lot so thats a plus... me, I park in the street. HAHA Hands down this place and food are authentic as it gets...ENJOY!
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2008,1/1/2009,40,22,4,8,6>holy crap, this place is amazing. i went there last night for the first time and i still can't stop thinking about it. I was with 5 people and with beer & tip our bill came to $60.  i got the polish plate and the only thing that upset me is that i had a beer before dinner. if i go back i will wait and order a beer with dinner so that i can finish all of my delicious food.  and the beer i will order will be Zywiec - traditional polish beer that is served so unbelievably cold - a perfect accompaniment to a great meal.
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,12/31/2008,7,34,3,3,3>I love a good slider.See, there's a part of me that thinks that a good slider is a little slice of heaven, a little greasy nugget of pure happiness wedged in between the two halves of a bun. And by and large, I'm right (in my opinion, anyway). And I had heard great things about Bates, and so I made an effort to get out there and give their sliders a try.The final verdict is that they're good, but they're not the greatest. My thing is that I'm not a tremendous fan of onions, especially sauteed onions, and even less when they're used as a cooking medium for hamburgers. It's why I'm not a fan of White Castle burgers. Fortunately, they'll let you get them fried up directly, and the only thing I could wish is that they didn't flatten the burgers to the size of a wafer-thin mint when they cooked them. While it makes for a nice crispy crust, there's no real interior to the burgers, and so all you end up getting is...beef crunch.Which tastes good, but ... I like to have a little bit of -center- to my sliders. So while the burgers themselves may only merit three stars, the fries are what are outstanding. Crispy, crunchy crinkle-cut fries, with the option of coney sauce ladled on top. I had the coney-fries the first time I visited, but I'd just as soon go for the plain - the fries themselves are virtually perfect. And the interior is like a trip back in time. I half-expected to see, instead of modern cars rolling by along the street outside, 1940s Chevrolets and Fords and Studebakers rolling by out front, with the other patrons dressed in slacks, skirts, and bobby-socks. Polished stainless steel EVERYTHING, checkerboard-tile floor, waitresses in black slacks and white blouses, and a slick, clean look that hasn't changed since the restaurant opened in the 30s makes it a nice place to go.Just don't bring a credit card. They'll laugh at you.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/28/2008,12/30/2008,79,239,4,9,4>note:  this review is for the fitness rooms onlymy parents live in troy.  that means i get to purchase a guest pass to the troy community center's fitness center whenever i come visit them.  it is crucial that i maintain maximum activity while i'm in michigan if i'm going to be partaking in better made chips and tubby's subs filled fiestas for the entirety of the visit.  there was a special this holiday season and instead of the usual $12, i only had to pay $5.  the facilities and equipment are nice.  they have a decent amount of room in the free weights area and plenty of cardio machines (treadmills, different types of elliptical machines, recumbent and regular bicycles).there are other areas for basketball, racquetball/badminton.  there's an indoor water park-y type area for kids.all in all an "A-OK" place for troy residents (and their visitors) to do a bunch of different active things.
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2008,12/29/2008,10,16,4,6,7>Before I moved to LA, I lived right down the street from this place. I just so happen to want to try something different and based on some fellow yelpers and friend reviews, I went and was PLEASANTLY surprised! I even met a girl from LA there! What a small world!BUT (yes, there is a but and not my backside) I was NOT impressed by the food :( I had the baked chicken dinner and it was dryer than a damn desert. My friend had the fried chicken dinner and you could tell the oil needed to be changed. He didn't touch much of his double deep fried in old grease chicken so I have to take away a star for that.Overall, this is a nice place to chill, listen to some good music, play footsies under the table and have a geniunely good time. Another plus side: Strong drinks ;)Glad I finally made it there!!
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,12/28/2008,76,179,3,3,4>I am an avid cook.  So, I get my spices from Penzy's.  They have easily over 200 different spices to choose from.  I cannot find any other place that carries 7+ kinds of peppercorns!  I also had no idea there is more than one kind or curry powder! Fascinating! These spices come from all over the world!  Each spice is displayed in a jar for an aromatic taste and have a short, yet helpful description of each!  The packaging is unified throughout, therefore, easy to stack and gives your pantry a clean look. (sorry if that sounds too domestic) I appreciate order in my kitchen!Also, the spices are super fresh and the service is great!
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2008,12/26/2008,91,194,3,3,4>I'm a HUGE fan of the Fly Trap.  Ever since I moved out of Royal Oak, it's one of few places I miss.  So, let's break down why I love this place:Food:  Delicious.  The B.L.A.T. sandwich is divine.  The burger, the tempeh burger, and salmon burger kick ass.  I'm not much of a salad person, so if you want recommendations on that, read another review, but I've heard they're good.Decor:  Kitchy, but in a good sort of way.  They have these cute little salt and pepper shakers.  It's like modern 50's.  I like it.  There's one small downside here though.  I've noticed that in the summer, Fly Trap's air conditioning blows.  I've been in there when it's well into the 80's, to the point where I walked out because I couldn't eat in there.Service:  Pretty good, although this place does get jam-packed and it does get slow when this happens.All in all, thumbs up at Fly Trap (unless it's roasting outside).  Go eat a salmon burger for me!
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2008,12/23/2008,111,460,,4,2>No point in being picky - Xochi's does Mexican excellently.I liked Xochi's the best out of the Mexi-town restaurants because of a few incidents I had at some of the other places. The other restaurants I've been to are more "authentic" in that the staff spoke limited English. This made my experiences a year or so ago when I was vegetarian  a nightmare; trying to add/delete anything from a dish was nearly impossible. Luckily a few times I was with a friend who spoke Spanish. However, I also felt like I was transported into the movie "Everything is Illuminated"... it seemed like a cultural shock that someone would voluntarily stop eating meat. But anyway, Xochi's doesn't have this language problem. And given that I've had food at the other Mexi-town places, I still like Xochi's food the best. The portions are HUGE and delicious every single time. What else can I say? If you want to manipulate the ingredients of your order, go here!
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/18/2008,12/22/2008,48,155,3,4,4>This is a downtown Birmingham landmark, and plays movies that the kids that go to the Palladium aren't interested in, making it my theater of choice.It was built in the 1920s when people were apparently small with really short legs.  The leg room isn't great, is what I'm trying to say.  But it is a cozy theater without stadium seating.  Unless a film has been getting a lot of press, most showings aren't sold out, allowing for your group to spread out a little bit, or at least get an aisle seat.One complaint.  The last movie I saw here, Vicky Christina Barcelona, the projector was off just a little bit, cutting out the subtitles when the characters started speaking in Spanish.  It was annoying, but not enough to ruin the entire movie experience.  It was the first time it happened, and if I had gotten up to complain I'm sure they would've done something about it.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2008,12/21/2008,191,72,8,9,8>Sorry, I don't know the phone number, yet.But this place is super cool. It's the third bar for the owners of Woodward Avenue Brewers and the Emory. And it's literally third in a row going south on Woodward, starting with the Emory.It's only open from 5 p.m. to 2 a.m. now, but that's seven days a week.They don't have bottled beer, but they have Miller Lite, Sierra Nevada and some other beers on draft (WAB beers will be on tap, soon), plus wine and a full bar.What makes this place so unique is that it's not just a big room with pool tables all lined up in a grid. Each pool table has its own adjacent booth, and they are all off-kilter on weird angles. The booths, the bar and the seating in the atrium (more on that below) are all handmade from Ferndale trees by one of the owners, Brian Reedy. Brian also painted the cool motorcycle painting, that is in this cool frame/seat that he made. The atrium is the coolest part about the Loving Touch. It is an area in the back of the bar with a skylight above and live plants growing up the walls. The seating consists of a star-shaped tree-trunk table with smaller tree-trunk seats set into the recessed areas of the star. Then there are benches around the star, and one really insane reclining chair -- again, all handmade from Ferndale trees.It's pretty empty right now -- it doesn't even have a sign (more on that below) -- but it's still a very cool atmosphere. And, if the successes of the WAB and the Emory are any indication, it will become a staple of the area nightlife scene soon enough. Only difference, it doesn't serve food.So, the sign -- and the name. The name comes from the name of a sketchy massage parlor that used to be in the WAB building. The owners just thought it would be a funny name -- plus, you do sort of need a "loving touch" to play pool well. And the sign they want to make is hilarious, too, but that won't be up until they get an extra 10 or 15 thousand dollars together to make the sign they want. Basically, it would be a neon woman who kicks a pool cue (or ball?) which in turn, lights up the words in the name.What's funny is that I just talked to a real, legit massage therapist, and she thinks even the name The Loving Touch is offensive. It's just a joke! Oh well....
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,12/20/2008,3,18,2,12,5>Whoa...why does Berkley Coney not have more reviews? People, you don't know what you're missing. Berkley Coney has been a neighborhood staple for Southfield and Berkley residents alike.  They closed down for a few weeks recently and reopened with a new look and new menu items that have made the place even better. Their spinach pie is SUPERB. I've had people that don't even eat spinach sample it and love it. The have really good lunch and dinner special items now including meatloaf, spaghetti, VEAL, alfredo pasta, etc. And its good. Also the breakfast food here is yummy and i normally hate coney island breakfast food. The service is great. 90% of the time my friends and I come in around 2am and have Carol serve us (she's fabulous) but really, all the servers in there are friendly. The place is 24 hours (except sundays) and trust me this is the place to go after a night of partying. The lighting is kind of dim (I HATE the bright lights of Leo's in RO), the atmoshpere is chill and the food is good. Hell, I live literally 2 minutes away from National's on Main St and 2 seconds away from Leo's and I still head out to Berkley. Its worth it.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2008,12/17/2008,105,150,9,7,7>Me:  'uh hi.  i'm good, how are you?  i'll have the piedmont burger please.  i hear that it has less fat than a piece of salmon of the same weight?  is that true?'Server:  'that's absolutely true sir.'Me:  'great.  can i get it continental style with extra mayo sauce plus avocado with crumbled blue cheese please?  awesome.  how about an order of onion rings... what's that?  oh no, one plate thanks.  and a pint of stout with a starter salad with ranch dressing.'one thing i haven't seen commented on is that they do 2 kinds of clam chowder (new england and manhattan) and mixed together is a great way to go.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2008,12/16/2008,64,491,3,3,3>I feel like I have an identity crisis when I think of this Filipino restaurant.  I am Filipino American and I love Filipino food.  My favorites are sinigang (with pork), pakbet, lumpia.  Honestly, having grown up on my mom's home cooking -- 90% of it I love.  One thing that I am not a fan of, however, is karaoke.  And there are ample amounts of both at this restaurant.  I am especially not a fan of karaoke duets where people sing Peabo Bryson songs -- another common appearance here.I highly recommend the tilapia, mostly because it's something I would never make for myself at home.I'd like to quote Ghost World in this review:  "It's so bad it went past good and back to bad again."  I definitely have a love hate relationship with this restaurant.  It gets four stars because love/hate relationships are definitely among the best, are they not?
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2008,12/15/2008,1357,534,4,6,8>I could easily get into a pattern like Kelly W. if I lived a little closer to the Emory. The look of the place, with all of the salvaged wood and warmth, is gorgeous, but a nice strong bloody mary, friendly servers, a good jukebox and solid food completes the picture. A couple months ago, I was meeting a friend who was a little late, but grabbing a seat at the bar wasn't at all intimidating. In fact, I ended up having a great conversation with the people next to me that ventured from school to fire-breathing bartenders. Turned out that we knew/knew of some overlapping people, as did the bartender. I like it when that happens.The drinks are strong without being scary about it, and I have yet to have food that does anything less than hit the spot. I particularly love their super skinny hand-cut fries, along with the roasted veggie sandwich. So far, I've ended up here in the evening, so I have yet to try the brunch, but I have high hopes... especially given the temptation of a bloody mary bar!
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2008,12/14/2008,40,206,3,5,3>This Indian restaurant occupies the old Shalimar in Farmington Hills.  From the time it opened, it was clear this place was trying to break away from the traditional Indian restaurant atmosphere.  It is more upscale (as well as more expensive), and it even advertises itself as "Metro Detroit's FINEST Indian Restaurant!!"I have to say, I like the food.  The price is a bit steep if you are not going for the lunch buffet, but you at least get a ton of food for what you pay, as is common with Indian.  Nothing stands out as a must have for me, but they do offer delicious Tandoori Shrimp.  I'm also a big fan of their Seekh Kabab.  Granted I cannot ever remember trying it anywhere else, but I discovered that I really like the minced lamb meat in the kabob, as well as in the Keema Samosas... tho I do feel terrible about the idea of eating lamb :(Anyway, Bombay Grille is a good choice, especially in the West Bloomfield area.  I haven't been to House of India (across Orchard Lake) in a few years -- I felt like the quality of the food went down with a change in ownership -- so I cannot compare the two places accurately.  But what I can say is that I used to go to House of India all the time, and now I go to Bombay Grille regularly.One last thing, every time my mother has dined in, she's walked out with a red rose... and it's not my dad giving her the flowers!
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2008,12/13/2008,103,152,,2,3>Whole wheat crust pizza - surprisingly delicious!  We also liked the whole wheat bread sticks they bring you as your pizza appetizer.  I was impressed by the two pages of their menu dedicated to martini's.  This particular evening however I tried a Bell's Oberon draft and it was quite good with the pizza.  We had the roasted red pepper pizza with whole wheat crust and also topped it with ham, sausage, and banana peppers.  The crust as I mentioned before was excellent, the toppings fresh, and there was also a tasty fresh Feta cheese that had a nice kick to it.  Very good pizza!I wish I knew of this place earlier, I would love to enjoy drinks on their outdoor patio.  It looks quite nice out there.  I'll be back!!I was also told about the $3 pints and $5 cosmos on Wednesday nights.  Sneak out of work early if you're going to come that evening, this place probably seats only about 40-50 people indoors if that.Amici's is great little restaurant - visit their web site to see their full menu.  amicispizza.com
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,12/11/2008,52,123,4,4,4>OK, let me start by saying there is some dispute in my family over this place. Some are disappointed  in a limited non-beef menu with one Chicken and one Fish entree.I, on the other hand, am a red meat kind of guy and I like this place. Burgers are good and there is a wide choice of steaks including a Filet and a 18 oz Porterhouse. But my favorite here is the 8oz Sizzling Sirloin Steak for $9.99. Included are two sides from fairly long list. And you can add Sauteed Mushrooms for .99 extra.. And these are good fresh mushroom , not just soggy mushrooms chips from a can of gravy. There is both a restaurant and a bar section and you can get the full menu in either place. The bar offers 4 wide screen HDTVs and small screens on each of the tables. Great place to watch a game. And while your watching the game, instead of settling for some pub grub chicken wings, you can have a 8 Oz Sizzling Steak, with Rolls, a Caesar Salad, a Sweet Potato with Cinnamon Butter, a side of Mushrooms and a pint of Bell's Amber Ale for less that $15. Hard to beat...
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2008,12/10/2008,15,59,,6,6>I've been to Small Plates a couple times before shows or events in downtown Detroit.  First of all, it's a really great place for groups.  I don't know how most people do it, but with my group of friends, everyone orders something different and then we eat off of everyone's plates like animals.  Thankfully the waitstaff is good about splitting up checks - I've never had an issue with that here.While the food has always been consistently pretty good, I think it's important to note I haven't been really blown away by a dish here yet.  Don't get me wrong, I've never had a dish here I didn't want to eat, but there haven't been any home runs yet.Small Plates seems to be more of a jack-of-all trades ethnically, which adds to its group appeal - there's something for everyone here.  The dishes are usually a little bit on the pricey side.  To most that goes without saying, as I've noticed there's always somewhat of a downtown premium.  All in all though, it balances out.  With a good atmosphere and a wide variety of simple (but tasty) dishes, Small Plates is a great place to get a group meal before a fun night out.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,12/9/2008,14,26,2,5,4>Great hamburgers, and just a great scene overall!Growing up in Michigan this is one of my favorite places. Burgers are bigger than a white castle slider, but smaller than a mcdonalds. But so much more tastier than either. A classic Michigan institution!
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2008,12/8/2008,26,2,,5,5>This was my first visit to MCB. This a very new business. Believe it opened about 6 weeks ago.Usually I have my coffee with cream and sugar. Tried some black; coffee can taste great if the beans and brewing method are quality. The coffee here is out of this world.There is not a ton of seating on the main floor. Don't let that discourage you. There is a larger seating area downstairs. Was also able to access the free Wi-Fi in the basement. Looking forward to a return visit.
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2008,12/7/2008,119,419,1,4,3>I took my son to the zoo for the first time last week. He was extremely excited about the animals. I was able to pack snacks and juice for the walk and we both enjoyed the train ride. I just wish the zoo had more funding available to add more animals. Overall, it was just as I remembered; a great way to spend a summer after. My only dislike is the parking structure and the stairs. The stairs were dark but that's not a hit against the zoo. Enjoy!
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/6/2008,161,180,7,7,7>So I'm home for Thanksgiving weekend and I'm meeting my bestie for breakfast since I haven't seen her for months.  Since I've already stuffed my gullet silly for 4 days straight, I request a moderately healthy option. Plan A: The FlytrapToo bad the line is out the door and neither of us has a coat. So Bestie calls me (me = 25 minutes late, as per usual) and says, "Drive 2 more blocks to Club Bart."So I drive.... and don't see it right away. Then I do. Umm, really? I call BFF. "It says 'Steaks' and 'Ribs' and looks like a place my grandma hangs out?"  We're both vegetarians... and in our twenties. I'm wavering."Shut up and get in here," she demands. I will never question her breakfast judgment again. EVER. The coffee came quickly and flowed like a caffeinated Fountain of Jittery Youth until we had to refuse more refills.  Blasphemous, for a girl who worked the graveyard shift at a 24-hour coffee house through college. What to order? We had the classic "Savory vs Sweet" breakfast debate and ultimately settled on the only possible right answer: Both. We ordered the Eggs Benny with veggie sausage and Pumpkin Pancakes. The Bennies were perched atop two perfectly toasted english muffins, with spicy veggie sausage, silky poached eggs (teach me your ways!!) and creamy Hollandiase. The crispiest little country potatoes filled up the rest of the plate and proved the perfect Hollandaise and egg yolk mop. The pumpkin pancakes were soft and fluffy and pumpkiny, with maple syrup already saturated through and melting whipped cream piled high. Needless to say we polished off every last bit and waddled back to our cars in that emotional place between euphorically satisfied and deliciously shameful (been there before, right kids?). Also, the service was lovely. The prices were remarkable (all that food, plus a take-out veggie omelette + two pancakes for a friend back home, for under 30 bones). I would be back again if I lived here.PS: Dear Michigan, please outlaw smoking in eating establishments. Everyone else is doing it. It's way better. Thanks. Love, H.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2008,12/5/2008,85,39,1,6,7>They had me at Hello.This was one of my favorite restaurants in Detroit area.  The Ingredients are spectacular.  I had the grilled cheese and my friend at the mac and cheese cooked with truffle oil.  The food was amazing.  This restaurant is located along the hustle and bustle of Royal Oak and when you walk in you can see just how crammed people are willing to get to eat great food.  You walk in and literally are almost standing on top of people.  There is no room to wait, but the food is well worth the discomfort.  The portions are perfect sized and you literally will close your eyes to savor each bite of food.  This place is something else.I am interested to see what happens when they move to their new location.  I assume it will not be good, because every restaurant I have been to that moves to a much bigger location, turns out to be a losing proposition.but for now, the food is so worth the trip.  but only if you have taste.
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/4/2008,33,105,6,7,6>My first experience with Eastern Market was this past Saturday. I know, I am bad metro-Detroiter. I have been working in Detroit for close to three years and have never tried the market... BAD move! Here is the situation. I was leaving work with $9 in my pocket. I came home with: a head of organic romaine lettuce, 5 gorgeous tomatoes, 4 almost ripe avocados, 1 huge onion, and 4 perfect portabello mushrooms. I would like to see that kind of freshness at a local grocery store, but it is just not possible. I would also challenge anyone to try to spend under $10 at the grocery store to stock up on veggies for a week or two. It just isn't possible.The vendors are friendly, there is a huge variety of produce at unbelievable prices... and get over the fact that it is in downtown Detroit... if you haven't been because of the location, wise up!! The market is about 3 minutes off of 75, which is obviously super convenient, and the area is safe.I haven't tried the stores yet, but I am excited to keep exploring, and will definitely be doing more of my produce shopping in the sheds instead of the grocery stores!! Some vendors also accept CCs.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,12/3/2008,77,572,1,4,2>I had never been to the Oak Park location (gasp! blasphemy! I can't really be Filipino!) but the general consensus is that the new incarnation in Clawson is better. A little more gentrified, perhaps, but more spacious. I will have to go back again to check out karaoke night (gasp! blasphemy!)The food is pretty solid for Filipino cuisine. Like most first-generation kids, I'll avow that my mom's cooking is better than any restaurant offerings any day, hands down, but Kubo does a pretty good job. And I guess it gives my mom a break from the kitchen.Starters this time included lumpia (meat-filled, finger-sized egg rolls) with a good sweet and sour dipping sauce, and chicken "yakitori" skewers (not very Filipino at all but still pretty decent).For dinner, we went family-style with inordinate amounts of food.The crispy pata (deep-fried ham hocks) is the main reason my parents wanted to go to the restaurant - definitely not something that my mom cooks at home! And that's a good thing. My dad loves it...I don't touch that stuff with a ten-foot pole.Beef tapas also got the thumbs up from my co-diners. Served with sauteed onions, fresh tomato slices, and a little sprinkling of scallions  and garlic fried rice (YUM).The chicken adobo is just okay, IMO. I think they just use chicken breasts which was served in chunks, rather than the customary on-the-bone. Also has ground pepper instead of peppercorn.We also had to try the sinigang; comes with either shrimp or fish and we opted for the whitefish. The broth is very tart, due to the tamarind, and a nice counterpoint to the fish and vegetables; this time, the stew came with cabbage, green beans, eggplant, and carrots. Yummy and light.Finally, we got the pancit guisado (rice noodles sauteed with cabbage, celery, carrots, and onions) with shrimp and chicken. This was also quite tasty, but also greasy. Nothing like my mom's!I was stuffed to the gills but still had to try the halo-halo. This came served up in a milkshake glass with shaved ice, ice cream, sweetened condensed milk, jackfruit, palm nuts, and sweet red beans) and instantly brought back memories of my childhood.I'm glad to have my cuisine showcased in a more prominent location in Clawson, right next door to Noble Fish and the tavern on the corner. The restaurant was pretty full for a Sunday evening, with a mix of Filipino nationals and Clawson locals. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2008,12/2/2008,19,109,1,7,4>whoa!i just moved back to MI and had no idea where to go but needed a haircut fast. so i looked on here. tried Barberella thanks to the two ladies below and i LOVE my haircut!now, i have a had a 4 year history of bad and blah haircuts. for some reason after one really awful haircut no coiffeuse has done anything right. i've had several re-cuts of the bad cut, one cut that looked the same after i paid $90 and many many "eh, getting closer"today i expected the same. for some reason i was inspired to cut a lot off.maybe because i immediatly felt comfortable and because it seemed like sandy got what i was saying.she was gracious, cute, fun and somehow transformed my hair that has been my enemy for years now into the grown up blunt bob with betty bangs. that's what i have been trying to do!!! a grown up version of my old favorites!man i love it and loved the experience, it's worth every penny.tip: bring cash or a check, no credit is accepted.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2008,12/1/2008,11,10,6,7,7>All I can say is ...ummm...ummm...ummm!!!When ever you see a BBQ place FULL of Black people...you better believe that "schtuff" is GOOD!!!Mama's Backyard Punch....its on!The ribs 'n chicken...are you sure Dave himself is not in the parking lot barbecuing  right now? Get down 'n dirty with them sauces Baby! The corn muffin...eat your heart out Boston Market!The Brisket...why would anyone wanna be vegetarian? :-PThe sausage...those spices, WHAT is that? "Deeeeeelishis!"The baked beans...yup pile it on!Bread pudding with vanilla ice cream...ooooooooh my GOD!They'll even cater your function...they bring the food  to you in those cool red fire engines (lol)I'll pass on the wings (weird taste and texture), the potato salad (just not right), the pulled pork (I never like that...ever), the fries (wedges but sometimes hard), the fish(nuh uhn) and the brownie dessert (not devilish enough)...but that's just me! Other than that...you can call me "Famous Mia K."  ;-)
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,11/30/2008,37,33,3,6,6>We had an awesome time!  Went on a Sunday night for Rock-O-Matic, the improv musical.  It was a great show, intelligent and witty humor, and a talented cast.  They haven't been open very long, so I think most people in the audience were friends or family.  I hope more people start going :o)
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2008,11/29/2008,29,78,3,3,2>Late Saturday night my boyfriend and I were craving pizza!  We wanted to find something good aside from our usual trips to Boston's, Uno's or Shield's.  We finally decided on CPK at Partridge Creek Mall only to find out they closed at 10:00p.m.!   We drove around back in disappointment until we saw this small place between Nordstrom and the movie theatre called Pizza Rustica!  I was so relieved to find another pizza place that was open!   Especially since it was new to us which was exactly what we were looking for!  We walked inside and I saw this variety of pizza  laid out in buffet style.  I felt like I walked into pizza heaven!  Plus they were open till 12:00a.m. so we didn't have to rush. There was a full bar inside too with a couple flat screens to watch games. The pizzas come as one huge square slice roughly equivalent to three servings.  You pick the pizza you want and they heat it and cut the big slice down to six pieces for you. The price is about $4.95 per slice but  the portion is very filling so it's worth every penny!   With our eyes bigger than our stomachs we picked three slices which of course we couldn't finish!   We chose: New York Steak (sirloin steak with red onions and peppers) Campagnola (Italian sausage and red peppers) Tomato Basil (basil leaves and tomatoes on wheat crust)We grabbed our pizza feast of 18 slices and tried to find a table.  The only thing this place lacks is seating. There were only a few tables which had already been taken.  We had to seat ourselves on bar stools lined up against the windows.  I really loved the crust; all the pizzas we tried had a good light and airy flavor!  I usually like more vegetarian style pizza but the Italian sausage was my favorite.   I think this place has it all covered with the late hours, tasty pizzas, full bar, and friendly welcoming customer service!  Plus, I found out that they make deliveries too!   Next time I go there I'm going to try the eggplant goat cheese pizza. I even noticed on the menu that they have chocolate pizza.   The best thing is that you have as much vegetarian options as well as meat.  I am happy to have found this hidden pizza gem!
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,11/28/2008,4,21,5,5,5>Why do we eat? I get hungry as some kind of natural response to having not eaten, but that usually corresponds with some kind of craving for a particular kind of food that can only be explained as some kind of intersection between necessity and pleasure. And then when I eat what I've been craving, I feel so good.I'm very happy about Supino Pizzeria. Sometimes the service can be horrendous (once the girl working the counter told a customer that had pizza slice had "disappeared"), but every time I go to this place, the owner is there working hard so I can't hold that against them. The owner clearly loves pizza and is a very nice person.The pizza is great, man, it's really delicious. It's made with a lot of love, you can tell. Their garden salads are good too, though as a nitpick I think there are slightly too many greens. I like my salads to be juicy, whether it be because of tomatoes, onions, or whatever. The point is that I've craved the pizza here. In fact, I've not wanted, in my head, to go to get pizza here because the people are so friendly that they'd want to talk to me, when all I want to do is eat. Clearly that's a personal problem and I don't think that they should stop being nice.The intellectual relationship between pizza and the heart doesn't need to be explained to most Americans because we all know what I'm talking about when I say "mmm" while biting into a delectable slice. The short of it is that the parts that make pizza good are extent here to some degree or another.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,11/27/2008,269,876,5,8,6>These are some of the best pickles...  It's operated by two brothers: one makes them in Detroit and the other in Brooklyn... I've had both, they taste close but I think I like the Brooklyn ones are slightly better.  And maybe I'm crazy.We started pickling our own pickles in an attempt to replicate them.  (we came realllllly close, but have consistency issues batch to batch so it's hit or miss)I sent them an e-mail convincing them they need to sell them in Chicago... now they do!  (I'm not saying it was all my idea... I just like to think that!)   Though at $12 a jar here they're a bit pricey, I will say that!They also sell a mcclure's relish here now.... I had never seen this anywhere else.  i bought some and it's pretty good, but I like the pickles as is!Update: Whole Foods in Chicagoland now carries them... and they're cheaper there than anywhere!  $7/jar.
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2008,11/25/2008,274,718,4,7,5>My lunch date and I found parking around the corner and waltzed into an empty Sakana for their daily specials.Mine was special. Hers wasn't.For about $15, I had a maki roll, plus five pieces of chef's choice nigiri. I think he hit me with mackarel, tuna, salmon, squid and red snapper. The nigiri was good. The spicy tuna roll was amazing.It wasn't too spicy and had a bit of tempura-like crunch inside. The seaweed was real, fresh and flavorful.My date had a sashimi platter, which was cute but tiny. Hardly a meal.The miso soup was included in the lunch deal, but it was unimpressive and came in square bowls with spoons. I don't like my miso like that. Round bowl. No spoon. Now.Service was outstanding. Our server promptly took care of us but left us alone to have private conversations. He didn't pressure us for dessert or drinks.Speakin of dessert, the ice cream mochi was good, but Sakana only offered red bean, vanilla and coffee flavors. They were out of green tea and strawberry. Boo.In all, our lunch (sashimi platter, maki and nigiri, soups, diet soda and two mochi balls) came to $38, not including tip.
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2008,11/24/2008,467,299,4,2,2>I'm not going to lie. I first started going to Jet's back in my early high school days because my friend's crush worked there. So naturally, what do we do to catch his eye? Go and get pizza EVERYDAY.. I'm sure we caught his attention-- attention gained from being the fatsos that come and eat pizza everyday! I guess at 15 "game" levels are down. Now I eat Jet's because I love their 8 corner pizza. Everybody wins. Nice and doughy, cooked golden brown, perfect amount of cheese and toppings.. and... wait for it... they have good ranch! Nothing is better than dippin' some good 'ol square pizza in good ranch. If I can't convince my cohorts to get a square pizza (travesty I know) we'll get a round one with the turbo crust. buttery, cheesy (romano) garlicky perfection (also not bad with a dip in ranch!). My only downside is that I don't have a shut-off valve to stop me from eating the whole darn thing.
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2008,11/23/2008,38,152,,3,3>Al-Ameer ranked high on my list of places to eat at while visiting Michigan as I had heard plenty of good things about it. As a fan of Middle Eastern food I couldn't pass up the opportunity to eat food in the most densely populated Middle Eastern area in the US.I started out with the Mezza (8 different appetizers) platter which was excellent, though the portions for two is enough for 4, especially if you planning on having an entree. For an entree I enjoyed the Shwarma platter which was tender and flavorful.Overall, I was not blown away by the food, but I sure left happy and well fed.
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2008,11/22/2008,49,354,4,5,5>No one has mentioned these two interesting things:I never got to see a show here. What I loved about Fox Theatre was Club X. Maybe it is embarrassing to admit. But back in my clubbing days I loved coming out here on Saturday and seeing this place transformed into this massive dance floor. I spent many weekends out here. You only had to be eighteen to get in and you could totally drink here. (As long as you weren't doing the buying.)Out of Sight with Jennifer Lopez had a scene filmed here too.
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,11/21/2008,8,29,8,5,3>Jesus, does everyone have to insult my hometown, and the best damn eatery around. I grew up on Lafayette and I can tell you three things....1. It's always been dirty, get over it. It's Detroit for christ sakes.2. It's always been dangerous, again it's Detroit.3. We have always had accents, and believe me, if you think we have an accent, you definetly have an accent when you are here.Lafayette is a god send, it is what Detroit is all about....Dirty, Cheesy, Dangerous, but delicious all the same.
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2008,11/20/2008,36,302,4,9,4>The Little Bubble Tea House shares the storefront with a Kumon. It was an odd concept to grasp at first, but now this southeast corner of 12 Mile and Middlebelt is beginning to feel like a mini asian hub with Gourmet Garden right next door. The bubble teas are standard taiwanese fare - actually more authentic than Bubble Island in Ann Arbor if you ask me, but that's neither a good nor bad thing really. Unlike Bubble Island that seems to make most drinks out of syrups, at LBTH they mix everything out of powder. You can add konnyaku, jelly, or bubbles in your teas. I have only had the regular milk tea and the red bean milk tea from here, but that's only because I like them so much that I get the same thing everytime. Read about their story on Crain's: crainsdetroit.com/articl
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,11/19/2008,1,12,,13,4>For your typical small Chinese restaurant this was a real surprise. Doesn't look like much from the outside being stuck in a small shopping mall right next to a Cash Advance place. But is clean inside with some booths and tables and hand written signs with the lunch and dinner specials. I noticed there were some dishes you don't  normally see in places like this, Green Bean Chicken and Honey Chicken.I got the impression that "take out" was how most diners got their food from this place. I however decided to eat in. I ordered the Green Bean Chicken, it was great, a generous portion of fresh green beans, chicken and vegetables, fried rice and egg roll. The plum sauce and hot mustard were served in real bowls not the packets you tend to see in these places. A large pot of tea. all for about $7.00.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2008,11/18/2008,11,63,4,2,2>Three and a half stars go to the owners for having the guts to open this beautiful bar/restaurant on an otherwise deserted stretch of Trumbull. The crowd is eclectic. Lots of dorky students in their requisite Clark Kent--style glasses, along with a sprinkling of middle-agers and even a few AARP-certified oldsters. A nice mix.We didn't try the food, but the beer selection was good. The bar itself is beautifully restored but the distance between you and the server is quite a gulf. Lots of stretching required, but that's a small price to pay for a nice Hacker Pschorr. The lights were way too bright for us and gave off a cafeteria-type ambience (which I'm pretty sure they're not aiming for). The sound system still has some bugs in it and, unfortunately, they put in one of those internet jukeboxes. Some morons a few tables over put on some lame Van Halen (crap from '1984,' not the sort of cool earlier stuff). Anyhow, these problems are easily overcome with the flick of a switch and a pocketful of quarters. Meet you there.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2008,11/17/2008,6,69,,5,5>John K. King is probably the best store I have ever stepped my foot in. If the sweet, sweet scent of book dust turns you on, then this place is for you! I can honestly spend hours in the huge building flipping through the old photographs, postcards, and millions of rare/used books. This used book store blows every other used book store in Ann Arbor right out of the water. JKK's rare antique books are reasonably priced compared to some other used book stores I have been to. If you're looking for a specific art or photography book, ask them to take you to the art annex. I pretty much creamed when they took me into the photography annex. I got to touch some first edition books from some of my favorite photographers. It was heaven. When I die, I will request to be buried underneath the floor boards in the art annex.
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2008,11/16/2008,794,1145,10,5,7>I'm not in love with Aldi.  It's kinda weird in there.  First off, I do think it is kinda cool how you put a quarter into the mechanism on the shopping cart to release it for use.  Your quarter is later returned to you when you snap it back into place.  It surely saves cars from being rammed by errant carts in the lot!The weird part(s).  The store has only five, really wide aisles.  What you see is what you get.  They put out the thing they have in stock, so don't ask if they have a certain flavor of something you bought on a previous trip.  The brands are odd, no name  products like, instead of Red Bull energy drink they have Red Thunder.  In place of Gatorade you get Infuse.  My mom likes this place, but I couldn't see shopping here for all your basic need, especially if you are a brand lover.  Oh, they do have some brand name stuff.  I bought a Sylvania energy efficient bulb for $2.39.  But for my poor starving dog (so he acts) I was not going to buy some off brand treats.  I got him some pepperoni flavored sausage bites meant for humans that look disgusting, but I know my little guy will love!B.Y.O.B(ags).  They save you money by keeping down their prices this way.
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2008,11/14/2008,33,16,2,9,10>If Toast - Birmingham was a fictional character, it would be Julia Roberts in "Pretty Woman" The plot is strikingly familiar... what was this kitchy, rough-around-the-edges "neighborhood joint" doing in glitzy uptown, sporting a new designer dress? Would it fit in and keep that heart of gold? I'm happy to say, yes. I suppose there's no Richard Gere but that's missing the point: Toast Birmgham keeps the original spirit of the beloved Ferndale location and expands the restaurants concept, menu & experience. Well-versed in the ways of Toast Breakfast, I went late for drinks and appetizers. With an enlarged interior, bar seating and lounge, the design is cued from the Ferndale decor. The seating and design is less 'second-hand store' than it is full blown retro throwback. I think the new location gave the owners a blank canvas to make the Toast of their dreams.Ferndale Toast may get cramped but there's ample space in Birmingham. Their creative breakfast & lunch creations (see: Grand Marnier French Toast, variety of omelettes, etc.) is brought to dinner & drink menu. Immediately, we noticed the herb & cucumber infused vodka marinating behind the bar. The beer list is varied and near an exercise in your beer knowledge. The bottled selection highlights are local-favorite Atwater Ale, many Belgian beers. One of my favorite touches: I guarantee this is the only place in Birmingham you can get PBR on draft. A wink to the diner about the area's high brow sensibilities and a nod to its blue collar roots, I giggled when I saw this. And drank 3. They also feature a full bar with creative cocktails (we tried the White Grape Martini, Blueberry Margarita and creamy Raspberry Truffle). They were well made and tasy. I also saw the bartender craft a great looking Mojito, a house specialty. Finally, the food. We had the mac-n-cheese and sliders. The sliders were great, three different kinds and surprisingly filling. The mac and cheese was creamy but didn't blow me away. Safe to say, if you like anything from Toast Ferndale, you will enjoy their taste in dinner.Doing all three meals a day and trying to be hip and trendy while doing it, Toast may be overreaching  and the concept is muddled because of it. Is it vibrant enough to be a late night watering hole? Does that pull it away from little Breakfast place with big personality? Maybe. Still, its a fun, creative, unique location with great food and drinks.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2008,11/13/2008,34,18,5,11,8>Don't ever under estimate the power of good customer service! Today I went in lookin for some moisturizer for my hair (for when it's in curly big hair status) and after squeezing little samples all over my hair of different products.. was that a little ghetto?..I don't know but lets just say I was doing some comparative shopping...yeah..so I found some and went to the counter.The cashier rang me up and asked if I knew if it was on sale. After she rang me up, she said wait let me look in the paper. (I didnt even know there was a paper.) She looked and it was buy one get one free! She rang me up all over again with my two for one special! I was so excited; i felt like I won a prize! She did not have to do that. Customer service is really something that stores have forotten about. I felt sooo good because that stuff was not cheap, but ladies you know you do what you have to do for your hair. If you gotta go to Sally's, ask for Joni!
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2008,11/12/2008,183,82,3,4,5>Best BBQ food I have ever had in the Midwest.  Best Beer menu in Michigan.The Eats:  I love this place and should be a walking advertisement because I am constantly talking about it.  They have a huge menu and an excellent beer selection to match it.  You can get great international beers and microbrews on draft.  Just about any beer that you love and can only find at Beverage Warehouse, it is here. I eat:Any of the sandwiches (the vegan BBQ is JUST as good as every other sandwich and looks like the best thing a vegetarian could dream of) The sides are great.  I love the waffle fries and the mac and cheese.  The sweet mashed potatoes are also really good.  For an appetizer, I would go with the fried okra fritters.  I have never had them anywhere else and they come with a spicy fun sauce that gives them a great zip!  The Experience:  The inside is trendy and looks like they transplanted it from New York.  With a super cool wooden door and a modern wood interior, it is the hipster place on the street.  Like most finds in Detroit, Slow's is tucked away on Michigan Ave close to some pretty run down looking store fronts.  Don't be turned off by its location.  Everything is incredible!  They have a small outdoor seating area and beware of smokers indoors.  There is a great bar and the service is a bit 'Detroit punk anti-culture culture', if you know what I mean.  Always busy and crowded.  They are open late so I would either wait or get there early and grab a drink while you wait for your table.  Please bring Slows to Florida!  I can't be flying 3 hours every time I want to eat here.
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2008,11/11/2008,108,104,7,9,8>Mes gustas comer tacos sabroso...is the only thing I know how to say en espanol. But read on, as the phrase applies here.I ate at El Barzon last night with a dozen others; we arrived charged with the energy you feel when you find that "hidden gem" of an establishment, and we left very satisfied... though with the realization that this gem is hidden no more.The interior of El Barzon is simple. The tables were yuppified (aka filled with yuppies). Street parking out front was a reflection of the restaurant's "found" status--stacked with Mercedes, BMWs, etc (in an otherwise "blue collar" neighborhood).The food was very good. To start, everyone enjoyed both salsas that accompanied the substantial (thick, fresh) homemade chips. The restaurant now has a full liquor license, including a good (handwritten, no less) list of tequilas. I sampled the table's order of Italian Sausage as an appetizer, and it was tasty. For an entree, I had the Mole Poblano--very flavorful, with one of the best mole sauces I've tasted. I could definitely taste undertones of banana, anise and chocolate. Wonderful! My tablemates ordered tacos, steamed fish, enchiladas... everything was well-received.My only regret? I didn't get the chance to sample the flan. The good news? Too stuffed for dessert this time = a great excuse to return soon!
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,11/10/2008,387,597,2,7,4>I think I live here.After 7pm on any day it will be packed to the brim with students. The free wireless and plenty of outlets is a huge perk to this place. It tapers off at around midnight. It can get ridiculously loud. If you want to pick up a future doctor or lawyer this is the place to go (though there are way more medical texts out than law stuff). Oh... and it's now 24 hours. Let me explain something to you non-natives out there. There are 4 major colleges/universities in the Detroit Metro area, with a total student population exceeding 75,000... and there is ONE 24 HOUR COFFEE JOINT. Gah! How does that even happen??? The baristas don't recommend anything out of the case other than the brownies. And the mochas are ridiculously good. The tea selection is scant, though. I also don't like that they use styrofoam cups and don't have a recycling option (though they post why they use these cups over paper -- better for the environment -- I am not convinced, especially when I see a garbage can filled with styrofoam). I always try to ask for a "here" cup, but it's like they aren't even listening.
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2008,11/9/2008,267,274,8,7,8>Oh Chicken Shack how I miss ye'. I never realized that Broasted Chicken was a thing that you could only get in a few select states. Now that I am in New York I weep daily that I cannot get your scrumptious broasted chicken goodness. In case you have never heard of broasted chicken I will be happy to enlighten you.Broasted chicken is basically a way to fry chicken under pressure using a special marinading process. Broasting the chicken makes it have the  taste of fried chicken, but is moister and less greasy. Hello? Can you say delicous. Chicken shacks chicken is fabulous. It is moist and seriously there is nothing like it. Their broasted potatoes are like sex on a plate. Seriously. Best thing ever. Smothered in butter and crisped to perfection. Every time I am back in Michigan I make it a point to chow down at the shack (well...get carry out...chicken shack is better savored at home).Even the coleslaw is a thing of legends.If you are in Michigan and have never had "the shack" you are missing out. Go there...and go there now. Tell them Sarah says hi.
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2008,11/8/2008,80,325,5,5,3>We've been here a couple times. We were first amused to notice that the decor has not changed from the last restaurant that was here (was it Pizzeria Uno?). There's nothing wrong with it, it was just funny to walk in and potentially not be sure where you might be!The food is good, and the service is acceptable. One of my favorite points was that they quickly brought extra napkins and water for the baby. I'm sure we'll be back, even with no mention of the beer menu. Oddly enough, I don't like beer much, but I'm pretty inclined to like restaurants with lots of it available. Huh.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2008,11/7/2008,38,181,,4,6>I was very skeptical about Luna at first. I guess I just didn't know what to expect.Luna was filled with my type of eclectic crowd. Everyone seemed to be doing whatever they wanted and not letting social norms dictate their night out.Not only does this club play 80s music and have great people, dirt cheap drinks, and sweet artwork on its walls, but there are spinning booths that come straight out of an 80s sci-fi movie! Spinning booths!I must also mention that the bar staff was incredibly friendly. Not what I expected from such a cool place.Oh, and here's what made my night after a heavy night of drinking: The staff brings around free pizza for its patrons. Now that's great service!
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2008,11/6/2008,360,994,5,7,5>As a former Detroiter, this is a place I love to visit when I come back.  This is my favorite place to go in Greektown!! As others have mentioned, the starting dish is the flaming cheese.  Then of course the Lamb ... Now a tradition to visit ...
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,11/4/2008,5,8,3,6,5>In the spring 3 years ago, we decided to try Inn Seasons new Sunday brunch menu as a family.  I was a vegetarian at the time, my brother an open minded carnivore, and my dedicated church choir parents just happy for an unspoken compromise on some quality Sunday time.  We had no idea what we were getting ourselves into.  With an ever changing and consistently delicious specials menu, we have been hard pressed to miss a Sunday since.  The servers here don't miss a beat and are the most gracious and accommodating staff we have ever encountered.  The food is fresh and flavorful, and the coffee is perfect.  I only complain that they have raised our standards tremendously for dining out.  We never go anywhere else for brunch  and rarely for dinner/lunch.  But I guess if they can stand seeing that much of us then everyone wins...I think they take reservations for parties of 6+
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2008,11/3/2008,62,178,4,9,6>Yes, this place is smoky.  Yes, the owner looks like he is glaring at you.... just like in Vietnam but it is not a dive.Unfortunately, I have moved from the Detroit area to Ann Arbor but every-time I come back for a visit, I make a stop here.  Ann Arbor and Yspi need to get on the ball and open a decent Vietnamese restaurant.... Please!  There is nothing like pho on a cool autumn day, or a snowy winter day or even on a hot, humid summer day..... I dream about the Pho served here.  In fact, the pho at Thuy Trang beats any pho I have had in SF or even some in Vietnam.  Definitely, better than Pho 24.   Such flavorful broth and no headache from MSG after!    In Summary, I love this place!  Best Pho around.  My friends have recommended Thang Long Thai & Vietnamese Restaurant  but I have never had a reason not to go Thuy Trang.  Maybe on a Tuesday when they're closed.Oh, the owner is actually a teddy bear at heart!
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2008,11/1/2008,196,146,8,10,6>I have to admit that this year's visit was much more pleasant than last year's.  I spoke with Chad, who was awesome in assisting me in getting my gym fix while in town for the week.  The 5:15 am spin class was great, and gave me a high intensity workout to blow off the stress of the week.  Though it seemed as if the gym was crowded at all hours, I still managed to get my workouts in without much battle over the weights or the machines.  Sadly, my hotel appeared to be understaffed this year, so no shuttle.  Boo. But at a mere 1.5 miles away, I had a brisk run back and forth to warm me up and cool me down.  Just be careful if it's dark and you spy a cute lil' bunny crossing your path.  That bunny may turn out to be a skunk.  Yah, it did.  Luckily I was awake enough to realize that bunnies don't have thick white stripes down their backs or bushy tails.  The cafe is quite nice, as well.  I neglected to bring a jar of peanut butter with me, and as I like a bit of peanut goodness in my morning oatmeal, the cafe was lovely enough to sell me (I use the term loosely, as I think they charged me a quarter)  some to take back to my hotel room.  Fresh fruit salads, sandwiches, and other goodies, as well as a very friendly staff.Great gym, seemed like it was more together this year.  If you are local or a visitor it's a great place to sweat out your indiscretions.  Oh, and ask for Chad in member services.  He rocks.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2008,10/31/2008,45,114,3,9,5>Walking up to this shop, you smell delicious smoked sausage that seems to permeate the entire store. The prices are low and reasonable, and everything in here you can tell is homemade by sight. If my little fingers put all these pasties and pastries together I would charge a mint. But I'm glad they don't. Did you know Pasties are unique to Michigan (having more pastie shops than anyone in the US) and pasties are considered the unofficial food here? Enough with the lesson....I love getting pasties here, they are still warm to the touch, buttery and flaky outside, almost like a hand held pot pie. Try the beef and veggie filled or chicken filled. How do they get the gravy to stay inside and not ooze out? Fantastic. Oh and don't miss picking up a homemade pot pie. Will make you turn your nose up at the frozen grocery store kind quick.
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2008,10/29/2008,179,173,7,5,4>Almosthusband and I were on our way to Joe Louis to have our engagement photos taken when we realized he looked like a muppet and was badly in need of a haircut. It was by mere chance that we happened to spot the Mane Connection tucked back in the corner of this dilapidated shopping plaza. The only reason I paused to look is because I used to eat quiche at the cafe on the corner on the way home from ob-gyn appointments.The shop is extremely clean. I did not immediately smell chemicals and burnt-hair when I walked in (always a plus) and there was a lady sweeping hair as soon as it hit the floor. They got us in right away and in no time at all Almosthusband had been cut and buffed and was presentable once more. The hairstylist, whose name I did not get, was a sweet little thing who took my bad jokes in good stride. I mentioned to the owner that I'd be writing a review and she asked me to mention that they were the home salon of the 2007 Miss America winner. I blankly said, oh how nice, I didn't even know Miss Michigan had gotten that far. And then looked up to see that right in front of my face is a huge poster of Miss America hawking the salon's Redken products. My  keen observation skills are what make my yelp reviews so enjoyable.
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2008,10/28/2008,260,132,2,9,6>This is one of my two or three favorite meals anywhere.  I have only given a 5 to Shatila Pastries . . . here is my second 5.Swiss Chalet Chicken is a chain of family friendly rotisserie chicken restaurants all over Canada.  Growing up in metro Detroit, I was introduced to the Swiss Chalet in Windsor, Ontario (across the river from Detroit).The chicken itself is similar to Zankou Chicken in LA (rotisserie style, well cooked, but not too dry, well seasoned-but not nearly as garlicky as Zankou).  The usual sides are very crispy French Fries, a warm, soft roll, and a Canadian style cole slaw, that I swear was a different recipe when I loved it.  Sounds simple?  Yes, but what sets this apart is the amazing dipping sauce.  "Chalet Sauce" comes warm in a dipping cup and is perfect for dipping tender pieces of chicken and/or fries.  I like to tear off some chicken, add some fries and roll in up in the bread roll, then dunk the whole thing into the tangy, brothy, tomatoey, savory, thymy (is that a word) sauce.  Heaven.  Comfort food.  My Swiss Chalet addiction is so bad that when visiting Detroit, or even relatives in southern Ontario towns like Guelph, Cambridge or Kitchener, I make the obligatory stop at Swiss Chalet first.Its simple, comfort food at its best.  5 stars all the way, and I don't just give those out!ps  You can order the powdered sauce online and try to re-create the meal here in LA . . . buy a whole rotisserie chicken (Zankou comes close), make or buy fries (Pollo Loco's fries are similar) and make the sauce from the mix  . . . warm the sauce, have some soft dinner rolls and butter . . . its close and cheaper than flying to Canada.
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2008,10/22/2008,60,311,4,5,5>Coming from a Hungarian/Polish mother I know a bit about Polish specific food, especially piergoies. And when I'm on the hunt for some stuffed, doughy goodness, I make a trip to Troy's Polish Market.Located on Maple and Dequindre, this ethnic specific market, offers shoppers all the traditional staples of a Polish diet. This joint offers homemade soups like dill pickle, a Polish classic, a variety of tasty desserts, a plethora of things pickled, and of course pierogies. In addition, the have a great selection of meats, all for a great price.I love going here and being surrounded by all the old Polish women who just stare at me like I'm the elephant in the room. The staff is friendly, the store clean, and the parking easy. I've shopped here more than a handful of times and I've always had a great experience. Two thumbs up!
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/20/2008,10/21/2008,2554,1312,2,2,2>Remember the phrase, "Meat: It's What's For Dinner?"Well, I was here for lunch, so meat wasn't on the agenda.  I did have the French onion soup and wedge salad, though!  I'll get to those in a minute.  Right now, I want to devote a couple lines to the basket o' goodness that was dropped off at my table when I sat down.  Kids, I'm talking about the bread and butter.  I kid you not, if I had to have a last meal on Earth today, that bread would most definitely be on the menu.  It was warm, crusty, crunchy deliciousness.  I ate approximately half the loaf but could have easily kept going.Next was the soup, which I requested without the rye croutons.  Because clearly, I had already reached my max on bread consumption for the day.  The soup was piping hot, topped with sliced green onions, and fantastic.Next was the wedge salad, which was served with a grilled toast point (clearly, these people did not get the memo that carbs = bad).  Now, call me crazy, but aren't wedge salads supposed to have bacon?  I thought the salad was covered in thin slices of prosciutto, but my first bite told me the little slivers were actually sauteed onions.  Very odd indeed.  This was my second wedge salad disappointment in recent dining history (for details on my other experience, please refer to my review of Rae).  One of these days, some lucky restaurant is going to do me right in the wedge salad department.  I digress.I'm tempted to give four stars, but without having tried dinner, I feel three is more appropriate.  If I ever find myself in this hotel again (highly unlikely), I'll be back.
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2008,10/19/2008,48,155,,3,3>If you've ever been to France, dreamed about going to France, or wondering why Detroit is called the "Paris of the Midwest", then you must try Good Girls Go To Paris crêpes.It's an adorable walk up spot just off Woodward, and in walking distance to many attractions downtown.  There is no seating, so just walk up, place your order, and in a few minutes you'll be transported to Paris.Crêpes are a very thin pancakes which can be stuffed with both sweet and savory fillings. The sweet ones are filled with a variety of fruits, chocolate, caramel, and whipped topping.  Decadent for breakfast, perfect for a late night snack.  The savory options are filled with rich cheese, vegetables, and fresh herbs, and are filling enough for lunch.  There are 17 types of crêpes on the menu now, with 3 more being added soon.The prices range from $3-5 making this the cheapest place in town for lunch.  They also offer italian sodas and fair trade coffee (the proceeds of the coffee are donated to a homeless shelter).  The John R location has one crêpe maker, and on the day I went for lunch (about 1pm) there was about a 10 minute wait.  Owner Torya Blanchard said that the Eastern Market location will be a little bigger and offer 4 crêpe makers for faster service.Oh, the crêpe girls dress like french maids.  So that's something too.It's very exciting to see a new place open like GGGTP, and even more exciting to see it so busy.  Here's to entrepenuers making it work in the city, and for a little bit of Paris in Detroit.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2008,10/18/2008,164,541,2,2,2>Good, but not great sushi at an extremely reasonable price. This is actually a grocery store with a sushi restaurant in the back. There were seven of us, and we took up about half of the seats. You order at the counter, and they bring the sushi out to you. Prices ranged from $2 for one piece of nigiri to about $3-4 for a roll, with some specialty rolls being a bit more. Overall, I got a decent amount for $10.I thought that the fish wasn't as fresh as I had expected. My salmon roll was ok, but not the best I have had. Likewise for the tako. The unagi-avocado roll was pretty good, but not excellent.I really liked how they had the sushi-grade fish in the refrigerator case. If you want to make your own sushi, you can come here for supplies.
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/15/2008,10/17/2008,122,68,5,3,4>I spent my father's day with my friend, Angie, who's dad died ten years ago, and another friend, Braden, who's dad left his family three years ago, and my little brother.  Our dad had a head injury about nine years ago, altering his personality as we always knew it.  "Maybe some crab will cheer us up," I suggested.One, two, three, four we shuffled into Lily's Seafood on Washington Street.  Our hostess promptly took us to our table, and we promptly skimmed our menu, and our waiter promptly neglected to show up until ten minutes after we sat down.  Take Bob Saget in twenty years, put him on speed, and that was our waiter.  All four of us ordered a Coca-Cola, and he shouted "COKE! Unanimous decision," and left us in a confused stupor."Is he high?" my brother asked.He came back with three waters.  Then one water.  Then he came back with three cokes.  Then one coke.  Just slightly annoying.I ordered the Smoked Salmon Rigatoni.  Mmmm Mmmmm Good.Braden poured his heart out about his recent run-in with his Dad at a family reunion.  As he walked into the room, his father humiliated him by announcing to the whole extended family, "Have you all met my gay son, Braden?"Angie followed suit, and told us how she broke down at her brunch, because her stepfather started talking about her deceased father.  She told us that she couldn't stop crying.Me and my brother looked at each other.  I slurped awkwardly on my drink.  The food was delicious.  Cannot complain at all.  It was a little pricey, and while the food is worth it, the atmosphere and service just doesn't measure up completely.  The dinner got better when we started making fun of people that we knew, our favorite past time.  Nothing goes with bashing people like seafood.**NOTE.....I'm not as a big a bitch as I make myself out to be.  :-)
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,10/16/2008,111,460,2,6,4>Now, there are so many Chinese buffets popping up all over the country that they might as well be corporate chains! They have approximately the same food and price. 8 China Buffet is so different that it's in a class of its own.It's not JUST a buffet. Sure, they have about 200 dishes to choose from, a full cold salad and fruit bar, and even a little ice cream bar... but that's not what makes me want to come here. The all-you-can-eat crab in the evening helps...But they have a FULL SUSHI bar and a MONGOLIAN BBQ inside as well! First time I came here I thought that this was very strange and a pleasant surprise. The Mongolian bbq works just the same as BD's; pick out your raw items and they cook them right in front of you. I was weary of trying the sushi (thinking to myself "so, how long has this raw fish been sitting out?") but the sushi was fresh and fairly tasty; I wouldn't say it's the best in the state, but the eel was pretty good, better than some eel I've had around town in so-called sushi bars. For the all-you-can eat price, filling your belly with mostly-tasty sushi gets a thumbs up in my book!Given the fact that I can have my pick of all of the above - the hundreds of dishes + sushi + Mongolian bbq, I'd rank 8 China at the top of the Chinese food list, buffet or no!
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2008,10/15/2008,7,34,2,4,4>Beefcarver's a pretty solid option if you want decent cafeteria-style food. The beef is usually good and tender, flavorful, and juicy, and while some of the sides aren't my favorite (their mashed potatoes tend to be a little on the bitter side for me) most of their fare is quite good and you get what you pay for here. It's also an old-folks haven, so it's quiet, calm, and peaceful inside, and the location here is rarely packed. Just be careful of their hours - on some nights they close as early as 8:00 PM.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,10/14/2008,18,50,2,4,2>Any restaurant named after one of my favorite movies has to be good, and this is no exception. Tasty burgers, tasty fries, and tasty shakes . . . all generous portions. Toss in big screen televisions playing summer blockbuster films at all times, a huge shark tank and enough Jaws memorabilia to make Steven Spielberg blush and voila! You get Jaws Jumbo Burgers.The staff is always pleasant, the food is always good, and there's enough to keep you entertained while you're eating or simply waiting to pick up your carry-out. I couldn't recommend this place enough. Every time I go back to Michigan to visit friends and family, this is definitely one place I always need to go to.Check it out! Jaws Jumbo Burgers is located between 12 and 13 Mile on the East side of Orchard Lake.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2008,10/13/2008,105,150,8,7,7>if my gut could thank you oberweis, fast forward 10 years and you could be one of the largest contributing culprits.the ice cream is good, it's kind of what they're known for (insert "big deal" joke here) and comes in many forms. but since the invention of the blizzard, it's all i can seem to get when i go to an ice cream place.  9 times out of 10 i get the cookie dough blizzard, altho here it's called something differenti never let other ice cream places get away with that crap... it's a blizzard and shall be referred to as such. i love the milk in a bottle concept they sell here.  it's more expensive, but their milk is made with no hormones and no Rbghjklmnop or whatever combination of consonants it is.  plus, it's glass! so you buy it and take it back and there's minimal impact to the environment.  hip hop hooray to you oberweis.you purveyor of fatness to good, hardworking people everywhere.  like 2 doors down from the powerhouse gym too... i know they're judging me. bastards.guess what? i don't care.  i walk right by the window with the treadmills and rub the ice cream all over my face... rub it on my nipples sometimes.  sometimes i buy an extra one just to set it on the ground in the front of the window and walk away.   or smear the window with it.take that... with yer... with yer... working out and having healthy bodies.buncha jerks.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2008,10/12/2008,48,66,,3,2>Detroit Threads is awesome, just awesome. Owner Mikel Smith has a little bit of everything, and he's always on the look out for vintage finds, or for new ideas for t-shirts. He also had records, jewelry, shoes and odds and ends.I'm always proud to tell touring bands that are playing the Belmont or Small's to stop in to Detroit Threads. They always find something special to buy to remind them of their night in Hamtramck.PS - Regarding Michael C.'s review. The owner was probably closing up to go work at the Belmont. He works there when his day at the shop is over (and he doesn't drink) :)
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2008,10/11/2008,64,491,2,2,2>Normally, I'm not a fan of the idea of buying tickets to go buy samples of random food from vendors.  However, when I can get some tastes of fried okra and sweet potato pie with those tickets, you can definitely say I'm down.Cityfest is an event in the summer during a week in Detroit where they celebrate Detroit food and have live entertainment.  The best part?  You get to see some amazing acts perform for free.The year I went, Common and Cat Power were performing -- among many others, and I went to see Common perform at the Motor City Sound Stage, which was set up in the heart of the festival.  This year (2008), some performers they have in store are De La Soul, Broken Social Scene, George Clinton and the Parliament Funkadelic.  Pure Detroit also has a great stage which features local and independent music.Besides the food, you will see tents for other local businesses and services.  I saw a tent that was offering massages, and one that was selling clothing with non-cheesy Detroit themes.Tip?  I'm not a fan of the Port-a-Potty, so you can go into the New Center to use the bathroom.The proceeds go back to into the city of Detroit.
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2008,10/10/2008,21,8,1,4,3>I AM a fan.  I like the food, service, and drinks.  Any place that has Hendricks gin in a big bottle is grade-A in my book.Food high points:  The spicy Tuna tartare over crispy rice is a steal at $7.00, and Jason p. is right, the Mountain Dew roll is innovative and tasty for being all veggie.Low point (and I am stretching it to say 'low'): $22 for two Kobe sliders is STEEP.  But my god, so tasty.  What do they put in that butter??I try to get there weekly, but it's tough.  Pretty people, hot-but-sweet wait staff, good food, very LA atmosphere (like Koi, or Sushi Roku).  I'll see you there!
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2008,10/9/2008,191,72,3,1,1>Full disclosure: I know everyone who works here and one is my best friend, so this is no blind review. But, honestly, I loved the Belmont way before that. How do you think I got to know everyone here?My friend Melody books the bands and she does a great job. All my favorite local bands -- Brendan Benson, Four Hour Friends, Tiny Steps, The Go, etc. -- have played here. And some out-of-town bands I'd never heard of until Melody said, "You HAVE to come to this show" -- Lions, Dirty Sweet -- have come through as well.I've had some crazy times here. Like the time I bought a pair of boy shorts that said Dirty Sweet and proceeded to put them on right then and there (don't worry, I had a skirt on, so nothing was revealed except the panties I took off). Or the time I bought a Lions T-shirt and... proceeded to put it on right then and there (yes, revealing my bra in the process). Wait, I'm sensing a pattern.No, but besides my by-gone crazy days, I've also made some less scandalous memories at the Belmont. The original Mademoiselle Mondays, when Amber did my nails. The art shows with free food. The time I made my now-boyfriend buy me a framed picture of Iggy Pop. The numerous, numerous times I tried to pick up guys and failed. The few times that I tried and succeeded (score!). Chilling on the couch behind the sound board. Busting into the basement band room to score a free beer (they now have a big sign on the basement door that says, "DO NOT ENTER -- NOT EVEN BANDS!"). Nights on the patio with Malarsh and Jared grilling hot dogs. Staying until 4 a.m. because I know the bartenders.Ahhhh, Belmont. How I love thee. Especially after asking for months, "When does the wi-fi get put in, huh, huh??" Yay, wi-fi is here!!They even have a better karaoke guy, now. No offense to Tania, but she didn't have many songs. My birthday MC himself, The Millionaire, is now the host on Wednesdays. Come on down and join us, please! He has 93,000 songs, it's awesome. But nobody knows about it yet, so it's dead at the moment! Come kill us softly with your song (sorry, that was cheesy). Maybe Malarsh will Rick Roll us again.My one problem with the Belmont : ((( is something that's bothered me from the very first time I went in there --- there is no knee room at the bar!! You seriously can't scoot in. You have to sit about two feet back and reach for your drink or else you'll scrape your knees. That said, they did just get some really nice new stools and tables. And there's the sweet new bowling game, and of course, Galaga.I love you Belmont. Or should I say "The 'Mont"? That's my new, dumb pet name for you. And believe me, I still love you the same now as I do when I graced your stools three nights a week. I'm loving you less often, but just as passionately.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2008,10/8/2008,4999,1226,15,15,13>I didn't know what to expect from a Detroit night club honestly, but I was pleasantly surprised. We booked a table to ensure we got in and sure enough, had no problems at the door. The music was mostly pop-y dance stuff and remixed hip-hop, no major complaints except they did play some of that Guns & Roses crap around mid-night (a major pet peev of mine, common to SF clubs). A decent crowd with a favorable M/F mix, pretty serious security, no fights except for a scuffle as the club was letting out  (quickly contained by the bouncers). The main bar area was really packed, if I had to fight for drinks I probably wouldn't have enjoyed myself  as much. Fortunately for me I was able to spend almost all my time shaking it on the dance floor.Get low, low, low, low, low, low, low.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2008,10/5/2008,1357,534,3,5,5>This is a gorgeous, unique place to see a film, and though it gets very busy for certain shows, I never understand why it's not more packed. The DFT is affiliated with/run by the DIA.  Both institutions are tops in my book.The DFT has a great range of offerings, from silent classics to newer arthouse flicks, revivals, and even, occasionally, special showings of films that are Detroit-centric.  One of my best experiences here was seeing the Detroit premiere of the MC5 documentary, "A True Testimonial" while surrounded by a fantastic, packed house. With all of the controversy and emotion surrounding this movie (which, sadly, not enough people will ever get to see), I could write volumes about what that experience at the DFT meant to me. However, I'll kindly spare you, and simply praise the theatre and its schedule in general.At the moment, the upcoming DFT schedule includes a documentary on artist Louise Bourgeois, several silent films accompanied by a live piano score, and even special showings of Jim Henson favorites.  How many theatres can boast such a diverse line-up?I, for one, can't wait for a holiday (11/29) showing of Emmet Otter's Jug Band. Yes, I love both the Muppets and the MC5. I don't see anything wrong with that!The only downside to the DFT is that you can't do the standard popcorn-while-watching-a-movie routine. I'm a big fan of movie popcorn, so at first this irked me, but I don't much mind. Given the glorious restoration job that they've done on this movie palace, I can understand not wanting people to be spilling their food and drink all over the place.  There's a classy little cafe outside where you can grab a bite before the show if you really need it.
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,10/3/2008,16,92,5,6,7>Butterfly's, aka the Van Dyke Sport Center, is a bazaar of the human experience.  When I would come home from college during the summers, this was one of my favorite places to go.  It has an indoor driving range, minuature golf, pool tables, arcade, bar, and, most importantly, the best patrons of any establishment ever.  This is truly a sight to behold.  I hear they are tearing this place down for a retirement community, so this is my ode to Butterfly's: you will always have a special place in my heart and be a fixture to my personal development.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2008,10/2/2008,249,364,8,9,9>I know what I hate in a bar, but what I like in a bar is harder to define - I don't know it until I see it. Feather bowling?  History? Great beer? Interesting old men scattered at the bar to have random conversations with?   Delicious, greasy burgers? As it turns out, yes, I love all of these things and Cadieux has 'em.Admittedly, it has been a long time since I've been in here and I understand the younger generation of the family has taken over, adding live music and making some other changes, but this is and always has been a family bar.  Somehow,  these places maintain their aura throughout the generations and in my book, that's a good thing.  Very good beer selection, great staff, and food that I've always enjoyed, particularly the mussels, the frites, and the burgers...Somehow, the burgers always get overlooked here, but they are damned tasty and I would know as I used to be in here on a weekly basis when I lived in the area.  Feather bowling is just the icing on this very delicious cake!So, what do I like in a bar? Everything about this place!
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2008,10/1/2008,103,152,,5,2>I never knew how great a hot dog could taste until I went to Hippos and had my first Chicago dog.  The funny part is I'm from Chicago but moved out when I was a little boy and I did not remember ever eating a hot dog this way.  At the time I was probably still fond of grilled cheese.  OK, I still am  :-)So what is a Chicago style hot dog?  First it's Vienna Beef, so not your typical dog full of fillers.  Next it's a fresh steamed bun, so it's quite soft in your hands and doesn't break up while you're eating it.  The pickle spear runs along the dog while the celery salt adds to the flavor.  Two sport peppers along with tomatoes and a shot of mustard complete the masterpiece!This shop is great and full of character.  Signed photos from various local famous stars line the wall.  The place is run by family and the owners are originally from Chicago.  It's a mad house at lunch and much easier to take everything in at dinner.I LOVE Hippo's Hot Dogs and if there's any place I would want to take someone from out of town to an authentic hot dog place, it would be here.  Hippos is one of the best.  If you wish to be in Chicago but can't be there, go to Hippo's!
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/29/2008,9/30/2008,77,572,3,2,3>Been meaning to come here ever since it opened, but other places always took precedence. Finally wandered up Orchard Lake to give it a shot.You'd think seeing a parking lot stacked with Bentley convertibles, premium trim Benzes, and Beemers (oh my!) would give the impression of a hip/happening joint. Then you walk in and see octagenarians with walkers and feel somewhat less impressed. I semi-kid - there were plenty of kids brought along by papa and mama too :PI do like the atmosphere - it's constructed to be loud and convivial in there. The menu has a French flair, with plenty of borrowed references from Spain (tapas) and Italy (focaccia starter, which after all is said and done, was probably my favorite part about the meal). I thought my meal was fair at best. I did not at all appreciate their roasted beet salad (please see other reviews in which I wax ridiculous about my love of beets); the olives were incongruous and overwhelming, and the vinaigrette was almost sour. We appreciated the starter of eggplant, tomato, and mozzarella with a basil olive oil slurry, but my entree of sea bass and shellfish was a tad undercooked and bland.Service was mediocre. She was slow to bring our drinks and disappeared for a good chunk after she finally brought them.I'll pass next time and stick with Bastone.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2008,9/29/2008,11,10,6,7,6>I checked this place out for a week or two before finally going in. You see, it looked just like the kind of place that I would fall in love with...but I believed that, that  particular location was cursed or something. Nothing ever lasted there more than 6 months or so. So many restaurants had come and gone. But, finally there was a place that I would enjoy in the area and I did not want to set myself up for disappointment...incase...you know...(sigh). She waved me in. I think she said her name was "Mary". She was friendly...almost giddy with excitement. Poor thing...she doesn't know about the curse! I walked in and lo and behold...yes...it was just like I thought it would be!!!Black lacquer chairs and tables up front, burnt orange/red brick/earth tone paint (tastefully done) here, there 'n everywhere; textured wall treatments, huge gorgeous prints on the walls, candles, pebbles...you know...like "Pier 1 meets Panera". Couches and puffy chairs in back, faux fire place, cushions, bohemian music... ."Muscular, tanned bodies in loin cloths...beckoning...." ummmm....scratch that last part!Mia: Who owns this place?Mary: My brother Randy, do you wanna meet him?Mia: No, no, no...I was just wondering...this place...is this place right for this place? Things don't last here...Mary: Well we are gonna have a go at it...you look like you like it and you have not even eaten here yet(lol)Mia: This is my kinda spot...but...Mary: We have delicious panini sandwiches...my brother is a great cook! There is biscotti, flavored coffees, smoothies, regular stuff too like, burgers 'n fries 'n salads 'n muffins...wifi, you can even just hang out here if you like, check it out...Mia: I'll come back another day...I just wanted to see...Mary: Yeh, come back...then spread the word, we're here to stay!I did go back...again 'n again 'n again. She was right, that Randy makes a mean panini! The menu is kinda flexible too...they have it up on a huge black board, written in colored chalk. I would definately try a panini if I were you. The other stuff on the menu is pretty standard, with a middle eastern touch...and yes, well prepared.The atmosphere inside is what sets this place apart. I still don't think the location is right for them though. The neighborhood is a kinda..."No shirt, No shoes, No service" area, if you catch my drift. But that Mary is taking no prisoners, so go check them out and spread the word!
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,9/28/2008,269,876,2,3,2>This is the kind of place where literally everyone shook the bartenders hand and introduced themselves, or they already knew each other on a first name basis.  (Well, everyone but me it seems!)They had a lot of daily specials it seemed, and there were a few nights where it was 1/2 price bottles of wine.  I know Sunday for sure all day was 1/2 price bottle wine.   I think that there were other days they had 1/2 price bottles but maybe not the full day.  Their wine prices were pretty good to start with... I saw a few people get a bottle to go when they were leaving, apparently the deal on some bottles makes it better than you might find in retail even.They have a later night kitchen... I kind of ended up here because the two other places I was gonna try were closed at 9pm on a Sunday.They had a high def plasma at the bar showing NBA on TNT... and a nice sized HD projector on the other side of the room.  Even though this place is a bar, the food is attempting to be upscale...  I had a roasted chicken encrusted or stuff with rosemary.  It was pretty delicious....I'm not sure if I'd rate the food 5 stars (4 maybe?), but the Ambiance and neighborhoodyness of this place gets it a 5...
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2008,9/26/2008,274,718,5,8,5>Eat here if you want a nice Chinese dining experience. Don't go for take-out. Let me explain.After a pricey sushi lunch, the lady and I wanted to save some dough on dinner. We still had Asian on our tongues, so she suggested Chinese. Because it was a Monday, Young's Carry-Out was closed.I found Peking House on Yelp and called for sweet-and-sour shrimp and chicken chow mein. The woman who took my order didn't give a total. She shouted, "20 MINUTES," and hung up. No big deal, it was dinner time; they probably were busy.You also can order online.Anyway, I drove over to pick up the food. The joint is HUGE, like the CostCo of Chinese restaurants. I parked in the adjacent lot (metered) and hustled inside. When I heard my total, $20, I was a bit surprised. It's not insurmountably expensive, but we ordered two simple items. To account for some of the cost, both dishes were loaded with meat. The shrimp was more like prawns the size of my index finger. The chow mein was loaded with big, tender cuts of chicken. However, it bordered more on Campbell's than Canton.My take-out bag was missing chopsticks and fortune cookies. That's not cool. And the soy sauce was the fake kind: Just colored salt water.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2008,9/25/2008,60,86,,6,3>I should start this review by stating that I've only ever been to Hi-Tops for lunch during the week.I can't remember exactly why I first visited this bar. My co-workers and I (in nearby Ferndale) are always looking for a new lunch spot that's cheap and close to the office. Maybe I suggested we go there for lunch one day? That was probably it, because my co-diners don't know the area as well as I do. I had heard that they had good burgers.So, I've been a semi-regular for maybe six months. In addition to a list of specials (food and drink) that changes daily, Hi-Tops has a regular weekday lunch special: $1.50 quarter-pound burgers. I can't honestly say if cheese is included, but I know pickles and grilled or raw onions are included in that price.We've had occasional problems in the past with the (mostly stellar) staff's service, but the owners immediately fixed those problems once they heard about them from other bartenders. And consequently, we met the owners, who are really cool. They even gave us a $10 gift certificate for our troubles.The burgers are excellent. I've also tried the half-pound burger, fish & chips (excellent beer batter), grilled cheese, Ham Slammy (their own version of Big Boy's Slim Jim, but with a ton more ham), and their Spicy Sicilian sandwich. The latter has great thick-cut bacon, and lots of ham and cheese.Nine times out of ten, the service has been fantastic, even when it's fairly busy. In addition to a typical bar (fully stocked with most things you'd ever want), they also have several 4-top tables and booths, as well as a large corner booth, jukebox, two video bar game machines, a couple of stand-up arcade games, a table-curling game (I know there's a more proper term for that - can't think of it right now), several TVs usually tunes to sports and news, and a pool table.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,9/24/2008,467,299,3,8,7>I'm not sure if it's a good idea I write this review this early in the morning seeing as I will be salivating the rest of the day just thinking about my meal I had here over the weekend!I agree with Lifeliver- very creative cuisine. I actually ended up here on accident as another restaurant I wanted to try was closed. We were seated promptly on the back patio (no wait on a Saturday night @ 7ish).  It is next to a flat lot (parking lot), but you would NEVER even notice. Heat lamps, a peaceful waterfall, and soothing music cater to this rather serene atmosphere. Upon my first bite of my starter salad, I knew this was going to be a place where I wanted to lick my plate clean.  I was hoping my entree was as delicious.First, I want to give a little back story on the "ordering of the entree." My friend asked the waitress how the scallops were, "Exquisite, they are absolutely to-die-for. Also the Veal scallopini and Lamb are amazing as well."  Well, I wanted the flank steak. I sat there thinking, why didn't she mention the flank steak? So I asked her thoughts on the flank steak and she replied with, "Definitely get it medium rare." Not the most reassuring answer I had hoped for, but seeing as I am stubborn I went with it anyway. Now my question to her is, "WHY WOULDN'T YOU MENTION THE FLANK STEAK?!"  needless to say, I loved it. I loved the atmosphere, the company, and most importantly the food. I absolutely cannot wait to go back. Also, don't rely on the website for having an updated menu. I took a little look-see and the entrees are different- but it may give you an idea of the type of fare they serve!
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2008,9/23/2008,172,189,2,3,3>I have been to New York Bagel twice now.  The first foray featured a few cinnamon raison bagels, salt bagel (my first) and an onion roll type thing. The quality of the bagels is top notch.  They are the perfect combination of soft and firm. They toast delightfully to a crusty outer and soft inner.  A jewish deli in disguise this establishment also offers smoked salmon, Lox, and a great selection of homemade cheeses.  I recently picked up one dozen bagels and a cinnamon raison stick for $8.  You will not get a better deal anywhere.  I am sad to say that this place has ruined me for the cheap bagels that I used to consume.  Skip the chain bagel joints this is the real thing for real people.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2008,9/22/2008,107,148,3,3,3>This was the largest hotel I have ever stayed in!!  I got lost a few times so it can be frustrating at times.  Located in the GM Renaissance Center, I enjoyed the car exhibits on the lower level.  The second level was more of a shopping area. Walking around the third level, you pass a movie theatre, starbucks, sushi place, the main lobby, and elevators to the hotel rooms (73 floors).  I forgot which level had the CVS and Au Bon Pain, but this was also the same level that led to the rail, "People Mover", which only costs .50 cents.  The other side was a covered walkway to the Courtyard Marriott.   The location and set-up was very convenient, especially b/c it rained thru out most of the weekend.  Our room was very nice and spacious.  The large windows, internet, iron, hairdryer, and flat screen tv were a great touch - ammenities I would expect from a hotel like this.  I wouldn't mind staying here again.  Next time I'll bring my passport - Canda was right across the river!  Beautiful setting.
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2008,9/21/2008,36,302,1,2,1>When it comes to sushi, I feel like there's practical, and then there's not-so-practical. Practical would be like Nobana in Troy, or Noble Fish in Clawson - good sushi that is fairly priced. But you can't have a drink with your sushi, and I hardly feel sophisticated like TV seems to suggest a sushi experience to be. And then there's the not-so-practical, like Sakana. Sakana is way overpriced. $6 for 6 pieces of dingy vegetable tempura... it tasted good and all, but $1/piece of vegetable... seriously? The avocado roll was $4 and it's almost the exact equivalent of what they have at Edamame Sushi (Madison Heights) for $2.25... except it's on a nicer plate.  Don't get me wrong... I still like Sakana a lot. Everything tasted great. The vegetable goyzas tasted homemade and were good. For vegetarians, I would recommend the... uhm... Crazy something roll. Oops I can't remember the exact name... I did have a few drinks. But anyway it's supposed to be crabstick, cucumber, jalapeno, cream cheese, wrapped in rice, deep fried, and garnished with a sweet and sour sauce. We got it without the crabstick and at 11pm, it really hit the spot. The drinks are good. I liked the lychee iced tea. Drinks are pricey, as you would expect by now. But it was fun, and I'll probably come back someday when I feel like splurging on a Friday night.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2008,9/20/2008,687,1091,2,2,4>Homemade donuts, hot cider, apples, roasted nuts.... OMG amazing!!!Very great place to go on a chilly, autumn day.  The hot cider is excellent.  Best I've ever had.  They also have everything from local cheese to honey to roasted nuts.  YUM.  You can tour the little cider mill itself and watch the apples being taken into this crazy machine to be crushed and made into amazing, delicious cider.  They have everything cider that has ever existed and it is the best in Michigan.  I am confident saying that.  If you're ever in the area, go out of your way to visit the Franklin Cider Mill.  The mill itself is old and beautiful and it's nestled in a little valley and it's so cute.  There's ample parking for all and a lot of stuff for you to do.  Great for kids, too.
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2008,9/19/2008,2,8,3,4,3>Its small. It isn't too dark inside. It looks new, and is thus clean. The decor is a collision of new materials and salvaged goods from other buildings throughout the Detroit area. The staff is of course also new, and eager to make a good first impression, so they're working hard to get your next pint and they're friendly. The jukebox is quite decent, but most people aren't paying attention to the music. They're chatting and visiting with fellow Detroiters whom they perhaps haven't seen in a while, having a laugh, having some shots, sharing cigarettes, talking about upcoming shows, etc.Woodbridge Pub is exactly what the Woodbridge community needed, at exactly the right time. The hipsters will always have Cass Cafe, but that is one of only a few quaint spots in the area, and most of us are getting sick of their menu. And their teeny bike rack out front. The other options we have in the Woodbridge/WSU area are Traffic Jam (overpriced and notoriously bad service), Motor City Brewing Co. (awesome, but what if you drink whiskey and NOT beer??), The Majestic/Magic Stik (great new outdoor patio would be even greater if you didn't have to pay cover for whatever shitty screamo band is playing upstairs just to get out there), Union Street (too many nicely dressed older folks there for me to 'hang out', though the food is kick-ass),  Circa (great place but closes too early), and Northern Lights Lounge (cool spot, but theres almost always a cover and a band playing whom you could care less about. I know I know, I should be more supportive...). The only AMAZING bar is that little speakeasy nestled in the basement of that house on Forest. I'm just saying.So yes, there are places to go, but when you're a social butterfly like me, the same spots get old quickly. Woodbridge Pub is a refreshing place for me not just because it is a new atmosphere but also because for the time being, it is full of people I actually don't mind being around. No creeps, no phony hipsters living in a perpetually never-ending fashion show, no douchebags with button-down shirts and spikey hair buying you chick shots from across the room, and no bad music. Also no bums (yet) lingering around the outside asking for money. For now, it hasn't been penetrated by the various sub-groups of Detroiters whom I loathe dealing with at a bar when all I want to do is have a few drinks with friends and relax. For now, its just a clean and quaint corner bar a couple of blocks away from my house. The drink prices are average for Detroit, $5 for Jack, and $2.50 for a PBR. I'm not a fan of the food I have had thus far, but I won't judge them there, they've only been open for a week. I come from a family of restaurant owners and I know it takes a while to get the kinks out of any menu. And also, I think I am forever ruined when it comes to Detroit eateries, nothing will ever be as delicious and fresh and thoughtful as Mudgies. Also notable at Woodbridge Pub: a wall exhibiting some local photography, which I'm assuming will be changing regularly; and a bigger bike rack behind the building.
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2008,9/18/2008,15,334,3,3,4>Ok, it's a chain drug store..but I was there and getting meds from a doc in the box and as an out of towner I felt they were super nice. They asked if I needed assistance to the car (broke ankle which they didn't catch at the Urgent care btw), asked if I needed any additional help finding my way in town, etc. Customer service was great!I am an office supply junkie and they had a HUGE selection of sparkly items which made me happy, not to mention way cool toothbrushes. That's right..I scored a new hello kitty toothbrush..werd!
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2008,9/17/2008,794,1145,11,6,10>FREE PANTIES!  Yes, I am on their mailing list somehow, so I regularly get a coupon in the mail for a free pair of cotton panties.  Would I pay the regular $7.50 price for them?  No way!  Of course I NEEDED to get a bra to go with them (Great marketing strategy VS!).  I did purchase their new Angels Lined Demi Cup bra that I saw advertised on TV (I should go into marketing...). It has memory foam!  As if my boobs are going to change anytime soon...As I was entering the changing room I handed the attendant my bra and she actually looked at my chest and said, "Are you sure you got the right size?"  I assured her that even though I was only wearing a tank top under my shirt (my bras were being laundered after a hot Mexican vacation) I was bigger than I looked.Anyways, the bra is sexy and fits really well (ha, Lady!).  Plus, I got ten bucks off using the free panties coupon from the mail.If you like to be glam then stop on by and let the salespeople check out your boobs too.  There is a Pink store next door and a section with all their fragrances and body lotions.  If you are a bit more reserved, then there's a Kohl's down the road.  They have cheaper bras that do the job just as well.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2008,9/16/2008,68,103,2,3,2>I've been eating Buddy's since I was a wee lad and I think it's some of the best pizza in Metro Detroit - hands down. Pair a pepperoni with extra cuts and a antipasto salad and you've got yourself one heck of a meal. It also makes amazing leftover cold pizza - something about it just gives it an amazing flavor the next day.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2008,9/15/2008,43,122,3,5,2>Second Story Used Books is one of the few used book places I've actually found close to my (new) home, so I guess it's what I have to make do with for the time being. That being said, it really isn't all that bad, but it's not quite what I was expecting either - especially for a store of its size.Like most used book stores, the interior in here doesn't really seem to have much charm or character at all. I'm not holding that against the place, but it didn't do a whole lot to make me feel comfortable in the place. Brightly lit wood paneling and old-ass homemade bookshelves are about all you'll find in this place. Which is great since it means they have TONS of books... but pretty much as soon as I found something I wanted to purchase, I felt like I wanted to get the F out of there.I feel slightly cheated, because I didn't see any parrot... or hear anyone call anyone a "pretty boy." The thought crossed my mind when I got up to the register to just randomly say, "I'm a pretty boy," but then I decided against it. After all, I do plan on going back.I thought a lot of the books in here were decently priced, but not that much of a bargain. At first I wasn't sure where the prices were listed but just pop open that cover and look on the very first page - it's stamped in red ink. Pretty much all the books I took a look at seemed to be about $4. It's a heck of a lot better than buying a new book for $8 plus tax, but on the other hand it seems to me that I've been to several used book stores where most of them seemed to be only a couple dollars. Maybe it's just signs of our faltering economy or something... but it still kinda sucks. I was planning on escaping with two books for the fiver I brought in, but instead only walked out with one book and $0.76 in change (don't forget tax, kiddies).The service here wasn't all that exemplary either. All the workers (maybe two?) seemed to be too fascinated with their own devices to even say hello to me when I walked in the door. Not a super huge deal, but being back in the midwest, I was expecting a little bit more of the kindness I thought I left behind when I moved to Los Angeles. Apparently a few things changed while I was out...Bottom line is this: Second Story is a decent place to come and spend a few minutes in. But, I'd advise picking up the stuff you want and getting back home ASAP to curl up with whatever you do end up getting. Which, in my case, was a true crime book called Mob Cops. I'm almost done with it and... well, I really wish it had been $2 instead of $4. I knew I should have stuck with Stephen King...
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/14/2008,9,7,,7,7>There's no "toe" in these Sweet Potatos. If you like Sweet Potatos aka Yams then this is the number one and perhaps the only spot in Metro Detroit to find sweet fleshy treats to sink your teeth into. Now of course you'll be able to find your standard fixings of Candied Yams, Sweet Potato Pies and Baked Sweet Potatos but who would have thought you can make ICE CREAM out of a potato. I've tried it and its good...it taste just like the pie.And if that's not enough you can also order Sweet Potato CAKES, CHEESECAKES, and COOKIES (another personal favorite). The PIES are served with options such as Sugar-Free, Pecan, Coconut, and Lemon Chess. The COOKIES also come in varieties such as chocolate chip/walnut and walnut/raisin.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,9/13/2008,119,419,4,9,5>I've been hearing about the "Soul Circus" for years. Now that I have a son I figured why not. As adults we see things differently than children. So I wanted to approach this event with an open mind. I definitely don't remember all of the aspects of the circus from my childhood. Things like the smell, the crowds, the over priced souvenir booklets and the shoddy-ness of the entire pack up and go to the next town operation. So here goes. I LOVED IT! It was an amazing show. There is a lot of crowd participation, R&B music and the show host a variety of entertainers from all over the world. I never knew a circus act could be sexy. But Renaldo, the contortionist, babbbbbbyyyyy! Mm! Mm! Mm!While this has been tagged the urban circus, most of the acts were not African America or American for that fact. There was an acrobatic group from Japan that was amazing! They did stunt work reminiscent of the stunts pulled off in movies.It was refreshing to appreciate clean entertainment. The animals, magicians and trainers made the show worth while. Any one who reads this review should consider taking in the show.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/12/2008,7,104,,2,2>This is the best video store in the metro Detroit area.  I lived in Michigan for 22 years and unfortunately did not discover this place until a couple years before I moved to DC.  I really miss it now.  I found a place in the DC area that was on par, but they shut down.  I'll be back to Thomas on my next visit home to get my fix of cult classics.  They have virtually everything here.  All the independent, foreign, old, new, animated, music related, etc, films you are looking for can probably be found here.  They carry all the great old stuff that the other stores took off the shelves decades ago.  Along with all the old treasures, you can also find all the latest new releases here.  The staff are great and very knowledgeable.  If you don't remember the title you are looking for, you can usually say to one of the staff members "What's that movie where ......" and they will probably know it.  Five stars go to Thomas Video for being one of the few places I know of that stocks so many hard to find movies for rental.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/6/2008,9/11/2008,34,18,4,4,3>AHHHH... delightful chicken wings in a steel bucket...finger lickin good! Ive been here on younger nights and old-head nights...and this place can get a few leisure suit- matching hat wearing dudes. small yes...BUT the live band was GREAT. The singer they had there that night blew like jill and chaka put together....later it switched to a bit of old school and house. I'd definitely go back...on the earlier end of the night though to make sure Ihear the band that's playing...and especially for those wings of steel...in steel rather.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2008,9/10/2008,387,597,1,7,3>Since Detroit claimed my bike, I started looking around for a new road bike. Craigslist was limited, and I can't afford a Trek. So I came here!What do they sell?RaleighFujilots and lots of used Schwinnsvintage bikesused bikesRoad, commuter, single speeds, mountain bikesThey have more bikes than displayed (they just have to dig them out). The person helping me was trying to find bikes to my liking (and fitting). The (presumed) owner was nice enough to try to track down one of the very last bikes in my size. It's a really down to earth place, no one is giving you the better than thou attitude or trying to sell you something that is out of your price range. They are also do repairs and are open Sundays.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/9/2008,9/9/2008,267,274,9,10,4>To me the Original Pancake House is over rated. There are so many better places to have a delicious breakfast in Metro Detroit than this (overpriced) place. Don't even get me started on the orange juice. Yes...I understand it is fresh squeezed but could you possibly give me more than a thimble full? The pancakes, omelettes and eggs are fine but seriously nothing to write home about AND certainly nothing to wait in a 45 minute line for.  One of the best restaurants in Metro Detroit? I don't think so....
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2007,9/8/2008,1287,1043,3,4,3>The WAB reminds me of a smaller, local BJ's brewery. I liked it. It was greasy pub food and drinks. I met up with people from our Warren office after work and we all got together and hung out. It was the first time I saw flurries! I didn't even know what those were! :DYou can yo inside which is cool. I can't imagine having some greasy grub and beer and then trying to get outside in the snow to have a yo break. There are a few pool tables inside, the waitresses and bartenders were nice, beer's good, and the sundaes were good.I really liked their menus!!! The front and back covers were license plates that were held together by o-rings. I jacked one and took it home with me!!! HahahahaIt was a chillen, good, greasy, buzzed time with the colleagues. Darn you Michiganders!
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2008,9/7/2008,66,182,1,8,6>THE best crabcakes I have had outside of Maryland.  A surprisingly upscale ambiance, especially based on the unassuming exterior.  Solid brunch/lunch dining with an attentive staff and a vast and delicious-looking menu.  I'd go back for the crabcake benedict alone.
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2008,9/6/2008,27,83,5,4,4>So, you happen to be in the Detroit area for a wedding.  And it turns out that there isn't much to do in Southfield, MI after you've done The Henry Ford.  The art museum isn't even open on Mondays.  Have no fear, though.  You will have no problem spending an entire afternoon hanging out at the awesome public library here.  It's been a while since I have entered a library where I just wanted to be.  The children's floor is awesome, complete with a sleeping dragon and a spaceship room.  (Disclosure: I have to admit that I tried to put on a puppet show for my boyfriend, who was not amused).  To get away from the more active area, though, just head up to the second and third floors.  There are a million computers, private study rooms, a rocking magazine collection, spacious work tables in quiet areas and... mostly importantly... really comfy chairs surround fireplaces.  Hats off to the City of Southfield!  I hope that its residents really appreciate what they have.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2008,9/5/2008,108,104,9,7,8>True story.So my tastebuds and I, we were hanging out the other day, chillin', running errands, doing our thing, when all of a sudden -- visions of naan came dancing into my head. The tastebuds careened into overdrive, and I could quickly feel them planning a revolt against the lower-carb dinner I had waiting at home. What to do... what to do?Head to Ashoka, of course. For the best Indian food I've had--and I've sampled many such places (from Cambridge to Chicago to San Fran). Food was fresh. Spice levels were right-on. Plenty of chutney, pickles and chilis on the side. An abundance of bliss.I highly recommend ordering the thali: a revolving tray of deliciousness, featuring your chosen entree + curry, dal, sambar, raita, kheer and naan. My 'buds were still high-fiving hours later....
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2008,9/4/2008,5,20,2,6,5>I could write pages on Moro's. I've travelled the U.S. extensively and I can say without a doubt Moro's is my favorite restaurant. My family's been eating at Moro's for about 20 years now. We know several of the waiters by name and they are truly a top-notch waitstaff. They treat their customers as the most important thing in their world, from lighting people's cigarettes (yes, Michigan still allows smoking inside restaurants) to providing goodies on the house to their best customers. Tuxedos, table service for salads and most desserts and an impressive array of daily specials recited from memory are all things you can expect to experience each visit.As for food, it's all great. They specialize in veal. Homemade veal canneloni (sp?) is one of my favs. I also love the fettucine alfredo, spaghetti bolognese, salads, minestrone soup, swiss onion soup and of course the GARLIC CHEESE TOAST! Also, the prices are extremely reasonable. My wife and I regularly spend more money at other restaurants for much less of a dinner/experience.We have a lot of fun Moro's stories from over the years but a more recent one comes to mind. My wife and I make it a point to visit Moro's when we are in town (we now live in Chicago). We showed up for an early Saturday dinner about 2 years ago and as soon as we walked in, Dave, one of the many excellent waiters, smiled from the back of the restaurant, came up to greet us and said "I'll have them put your filet on right now" to my wife, instantly recognizing that we were in town and squeezing in a quick Moro's visit. How cool is that?Moro's is southeast Michigan's greatest kept secret. The Ford execs lunch there frequently. No reservations, which in my opinion is perfect for the small restaurant, so prepare to wait a bit, especially on weekend dinners. We waited for almost 2 hours once on a New Year's Eve (obv a very busy night for them) and we'd wait for Moro's every year if we still lived in Detroit!Moro's is THE best.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2008,9/2/2008,7,6,5,5,5>They have everything on their menu! Never been to a place where you could get sushi rolls and a burger (in case you ever wanted it). The servers were friendly, it's a very touristy place to go. Since this weekend my friend's and I were tourists, it was only very natural. Although my memory of the place is kind of hazy (due to 12 hours straight of alcohol) what I do remember is that we had a great time and it was a great experience.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,9/1/2008,196,146,14,8,10>Yet another in my "reviewing gyms across the US" yelp series..LOVED this gym.  It was small, but had much to offer.  Cycle, pilates, yoga, salsa.. not to mention tons of weight training equipment and cardio machines.  Compact and chic, it resembled the styling of the upper class of gyms you find in Los Angeles.  $30 bought me a week pass, which included the classes.  Plus they let me use the spin room at will, since my schedule did not permit me to take the actual classes.  No one bothered me.  I took my Ipod with my set playlist - intervals of course - and spun to my heart's content.  (Much to the chagrin of my already fatigued body)The staff was amazing.  My favorite gal, Sharonda, was a doll, and greeted me with a big smile when I trudged in, Rockstar in hand, looking like I got sexed up by a Klingon.   She always made me feel hot for getting into the gym when I really would have rather been curled up in bed or getting drunk and making bad decisions with my friends.Of course, being quite spoiled, I hired a trainer.  Felix Nunley was awesome.  A running coach and "I'm going to push you until you scream" trainer, he had my legs shaking.  In a good way.  He worked me out differently than my trainer at home, so I got to shake up my circuit a bit.  But he did stay on the course that my own trainer set, he just added his own 'flavor' to it.   He had me grunting.  Quite attractive.  If you are in Detriot, or visiting the area, please stop by and check this gym out.  You and your body will thank me. And tell Felix that his crazy comedienne says hi... Oh, he'll remember me..
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2008,8/31/2008,5,20,2,6,3>Five, that's right, five star fast food. The previous reviewer pretty well covered it. This place is the tops for fast food.For people who've never heard of it, I describe it as similar to Taco Bell, except they use real food in their ingredients. Everything from the tortillas to the meat to the veggies is always fresh and tasty. I honestly can't eat Taco Bell any more - it tastes like paste by comparison.The fries are great - better than McDonalds, which is usually the gold standard. The burgers are always fresh, probably because they don't sell as many of them.What's more, Del Taco serves breakfast 12 of their 24 hours that they're open.Furthermore, I am totally addicted to their Macho Roast Coffee. Starbucks tastes like battery acid compared to this stuff. It's a rich, hearty flavor - similar to Sumatra, but mellower and less earthy.Every silver lining has a cloud, and here's one caveat. I made this mistake, and I've seen others do it, too. Don't order the Tacos del Carbon on your first visit. They look tempting, but they're small, and you'll feel like you paid too much. Try them some other time. They're delicious, and served on soft corn tortillas, but If the steak is tempting, go for the big fat tacos instead.Also, watch out for the naming on the Macho Combo Burrito. It's a flavor combo, not a combo meal.Other treats include the Shredded Beef Combo Burrito - which is like taking leftover pot roast and mixing it up in a burrito. They occasionally have a breakfast version of this that's awesome.Yeah, I've raved long enough about a fast food place, right? If I was from the west coast, this would be old hat. But this is Michigan, and most of us east of the Mississippi have never had fast food done this right.
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2008,8/30/2008,91,194,,5,1>Simply the best Pho in Metro Detroit.  The only place I've had better pho was in Denver, Colorado where I was surprised by the large Vietnamese population.Let's go through the basics:Decor:  This place is a dump.  Usually, the family that runs this place has their baby there and while you're eating, you'll see the grandma in the corner changing the baby's diaper.  Bad yes, but you know the food is home cooked.  Don't even bother with the bathroom.  Do ALL of your peeing before and after you arrive here.Service:  Spotty sometimes.  When it's busy, it can get downright horrible.  They do try hard though.  Usually, though, the food comes out pretty fast.Food:  Here's where they shine.  Everything I've had at Thang Long is pretty darn good.  I usually walk in and get an order of summer rolls and the deluxe pho.  Don't try the deluxe pho unless you're willing to eat all the authentic style pho with tripe, beef tendon, and rare slices of beef.  Yummmm!(On a side note, I have tried their other dishes and they are also quite good.  The beef, chicken, and shrimp dishes are all quite tasty.  Stay away from the Thai food.  It's ok, but these people are Vietnamese, so guess what?  They're good at making Vietnamese food!)Price:  $10 for a huge bowl of pho and the summer rolls.  I just can't complain.I don't live in the area anymore, but whenever I do, it's one of the places where I stop in.
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2008,8/29/2008,260,132,4,7,10>Harvey's Burgers are a Canadian institution.  Perhaps its nostalgia, but I recall driving across the US-Canada border from Detroit to Windsor to either Swiss Chalet Chicken or Harvey's Burgers . . . sometimes both, followed by a run to Becker's or Mac's Milk (convenience store) to stock up on Coffee Crisps, Aero Bars, Smarties and Hostess Potato Chips . . . ohhhhh Canada ! "How do you take your coffee Canada?  Crisp, thank you"I recall going to the Harvey's in Windsor, just across the street from the Swiss Chalet (dilemma now that I'm older and can't stop at both).  It was just before you got onto the 401 (MacDonald-Cartier Freeway) linking Detroit to Toronto . . . in beautiful Southern Ontario, Canada's "Sun Parlour Country".   Harvey's (not to be confused with the US's Hardees or Carl's Jr. chains) are simple, but delicious charbroiled burgers . . . then the fun starts . . . you stand on the other side of a glass case with mixing bowls full of toppings . . . sort of like Subway, but way before Subway was born . . . the Harvey's "burgerista" is on the business end with their spoon or tongs . . . lettuce-tomato-onions-yellow peppers-relish (a preferred topping in Canada instead of pickles)-and any combination of condiments.its not exotic (no fried eggs, sauteed mushroom, or roquefort cheese) but its a burgerThe char on the burger is near perfect each time.  They also charbroil hot dogs.  Some folks like their burgers fried and greasier, but I prefer the char on the burger.  Harveys is for me!I'm drooling thinking about it.  Harveys.cayoutube.com/watch?v=SgcBthe link above is for a regular burger
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2008,8/28/2008,62,178,1,11,6>One word....  ...PHENOMENAL!!!As good as the food I had in Laos -- no kidding!I discovered it after reading the review in Metro Times....I was skeptical but after one taste I was hooked....I ordered Som Tum Salad, Kaeng Auk, and Basil Steak all of which were excellent.  I asked for them either Spicy or Extra Spicy and they delivered.  As promised it left a tingle on my lips and I found myself drinking lots of water -- just like i like it.   The Som Tum is a salad consisting of shredded papaya with tomato, chilles and lime.  A nice starter dish.     The Kaeng Auk!!!  Brought me back to Cambodia!!  If I closed my eyes, I would have sworn I was back in Siem Reap, Cambodia at my favorite restaurant eating my Favorite Dish.  The stew is delicious with green beans, eggplant and a touch of dill!  This is a must have dish!The Basil Steak is amazing.  Tender slices of beef with mushrooms, broccoli, and onions in a sweet basil sauce.  Another must have dish!Every dish was perfectly seasoned with the fresh ingredients!  I am dying to go back for more.  This place is the most authentic place i have been, better than anything i have had in NYC or SF!  In fact, it's mom's home cooking with each dish being prepared with love and over thirty years of experience according to the waiter.Nice atmosphere.  Clean.  Attentive service!  It offers both Thai and Laotian food.  Run by Laotians.  No liquor license but who cares when the foods this good!  and open 7 days a week.I will be there at least weekly!  Can't wait to go back and try the cat fish!
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2008,8/26/2008,183,82,3,4,7>The Eats:  THE REASON TO COME HERE IS THE PICKLES.  The fried pickles are the only thing I have had here aside from an OK burger.  Now, I might go back every time I'm in Detroit for those pickles.  I'm not even a pickle person.    Pretty decent beer selection.  Maybe if it was like a pot luck appetizer stop, people would like it?I don't know.  I guess don't get your expectations up for dinner.  It looks like the rest of the yelper's were a bit let down.  I wish they had tried those pickles.....  Maybe that is all they should be serving.The Experience:  People, people....look at the place.  What are you expecting?  It is dark, strange, and damp feeling.  I don't go there for the spa service. The Damage:  No more expensive than your average bar food.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2008,8/25/2008,25,36,2,2,2>I wish that I could give Slows 50 stars!  Mouth-watering, finger-lickin' goodness.  All of it!  The only problem here is deciding on which sides to order because they're all so good and you want them all.  To top it off, they always have an interesting selection of bottled beers to try too.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2007,8/24/2008,7,24,,3,3>As far as airport go DTW-McNamera Terminal (Northwest) is the best I've been through in the midwest and east coast. I am willing to spend extra money to avoid lay-overs anywhere but Detroit. This does only apply to this terminal, the others are awful, but I do usually fly Northwest so I know that I will end up here. The terminal is new so it's up to date. It's a very large terminal, which is why there is a train inside to help you get through it quickly. But I often just like to walk and use the moving sidewalks so that I get a chance to see everything in the terminal. This place is like a shopping mall with restaurants and shops up and down. While they are a little bit pricey (I mean you are in an airport) it helps kill time during layovers to get to walk around browse through a bunch of different places. Aside from that, the place is well maintained and comfortable to wait in. If you ever have time to spend here I definitely recommend walking around a bit and not just waiting at your gate.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/1/2008,8/23/2008,10,105,1,2,2>Carter's has been a fixture on the corner of Jefferson and LeBlanc since the "Stone Age" - the kind of place Fred Flintstone would go to for his burgers and fries!  I love the hamburgers and onion rings.  This was my favorite after school hangout as a child in the 1970's.  My late aunt was once one of the servers here.  The restaurant brings back great memories for me.  I wish there was a Carter's type place here in South Florida.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/6/2008,8/22/2008,60,311,,3,1>I heart soup. I often look forward to the brutal Michigan winters so I can curl up in the bed and nosh on heaps and heaps of soup. When I don't have the time or energy to whip up a borscht or a barley soup, I lean on Ferndale's Le Soup to fill my tummy with some soupy goodness.Daily, Le Soup offers around 10 soups, anything from chili to portobello, to cream of broccoli. They always offer vegetarian options. In addition, their menu is loaded with pitas, salads like Greek and Michigan with dried cherries and gorgonzola cheese and scrumptious sandwiches. Le Soup offers fresh, tasty comfort food for those on the go or who want a casual, leisurely lunch. Prices are reasonable for the handcrafted soups and sandwiches and are much healthier than that drive-thru junk polluting your body.
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2008,8/21/2008,35,394,,6,3>Again, it feel super weird to rate a church...I used to attend a Church Camp with Second Baptist for a couple of summers, so that is the only way I really knew about the church. However, I was very surprised when I found out it used to be a station during the Underground Railroad days. In fact, the church was founded by slaves. The services are good on Sunday (I have attended a few in my hey-day), but I would also suggest looking into the tours they give of the actual underground railroad. I know It seems kind of weird to imagine since it is in the heart of Greektown, but to me that makes it even more exciting.
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/29/2008,8/20/2008,48,155,2,2,1>This place is still getting it's legs as it opened for Opening Day 2008 in March.  It's a sports bar for sure, with many flat screen TVs and a room full of pool tables, dart machines and video games.  It also has a jukebox, and features live music on the weekends.  On Wednesday nights it has Karaoke.There aren't a lot of Karaoke places in the city proper, so that alone already makes it a stand out (unless you're someone who doesn't like karaoke, in which case you can skip to the end and question the meaning of 'fun') but their song selection is pretty tops.  I'd venture to say they have over 5000 songs, and some pretty obscure songs to butcher.  Wednesday night also happens to be Hump Day, with $1.75 drafts, and $2.50 well drinks.  So, liquid courage and all that.  They also offer typical bar food (burgers, chicken fingers, wings) but I wouln't come hungry.Game days are probably the busiest, as the bar is right at the corner of Brush and Gratiot, on the edge of Greektown and a few blocks away from the stadiums.There's not a lot of atmosphere involved in the place, and the waitresses have to wear unfortunate cheerleading outfits.  But if you like your beer cold and cheap served with a extra helping of karaoke on Wednesdays (I really can't stress that part enough) then you've come to the right place.
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2008,8/19/2008,164,541,3,3,3>Nice little Irish pub in downtown Birmingham. I'm going to give them three stars for having a good selection of beers, and I think that I'll add another for the neat Guinness posters in the men's bathroom.  If you're a lady, maybe there are other cool posters on the wall, but I didn't see them. However, I'll take one star back for there being a lot of smoking going on. We sat in the back room, which was pretty empty, so there wasn't anyone back there smoking (but I still ended up smelling mildly of smoke).The bartender will give you free pretzel nibs if you ask him.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2008,8/18/2008,13,51,1,1,1>I suck meat off the BONE here! Oh my... I know many know about this place but it is just that good.  The array of sauces make the BBQ experience that much more exciting.  I like my bones hot so the Devil Spit is my favorite.  Meaty and succulent this is... you cannot go wrong if you go to Famous Dave.  The dessert was fantastic as well! They have something called bread pudding which was heaven in cup!  Almost had to keep it from everyone at table.  I cannot believe I suck bones clean when I went.  I normally never do that.  Enjoy.
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2008,8/15/2008,47,18,2,2,3>Caf D'Mongos is a true to form, downright speakeasy; cheap drinks, music, canoodling and conversation.  A friend of mine and I met up with an ex and two of his buddies at the rather hidden restaurant.  We were welcomed by the owners' wife, as if we were whom she was expecting.  When in fact the door is slightly broken and if not opened correctly would slam against the window behind it. The staff consists of an 80-year old ex-con and a part-time recycling engineer.  Its regulars range from college students to city officials.  And the menu boasts a whopping 6 items, barbecue chicken or ribs and a selection of two of four sides; macaroni and cheese, greens, black-eye peas and potato salad.  I'm comfortable.  Besides the juke box was playing everyone's favorite, oldies."What winks and makes love like a lion?" a lewd question from one of our gentlemen friends, speaks a lot of the evening.  Our minds bounce from the plastic covered gothic-gaud loveseat to the hanging faux piano above our heads, searching for an answer to his riddle.  As the waitress brings our rounds, our residential comedian realizes that we've given up, he sips and winks, laughter explodes.  Mongo himself brings our meals from the kitchen, which is only about 4-feet away.  A Detroiter at heart he is charming, and for that moment my friend and I forget that we are with three handsome gentlemen. As he makes his rounds, introducing himself and shaking hands, you feel that his presence is genuine and accommodating.  But don't let his kindness fool you, as previously stated; he's a Detroiter, through and through.   I ordered the chicken, and that is exactly what I got.  A beautiful half side of barbecued perfection: no embellishments, just flavor.   It was simple, but as I forced piece after piece into my mouth I couldn't remember the last time a restaurant had gotten everything so right!
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,8/14/2008,111,460,,5,2>Since it has been remodeled, many will come to find the layout a lot more intuitive, and packed with art! (I mean... they've only been doing renovations for how long?)The contemporary art section in particular has been expanded tremendously. It's to the left of the Rivera hall - definitely check it out!One thing I do like is that the DIA puts on some sort of event during their FRIDAY NIGHT LIVE! It's anything from live music, to a workshop, to a showing of some sort. Last month I was fortunate to see Randy Weston and Alex Blake play a jazz set... and it was amazing. The best thing about FNL is that admission is free for residents of Detroit! If you live in city limits, then this would be a free Friday night out. Who can argue with that?I've been to museums in a number of cities, and 2008 is the year that I can finally say that the DIA is doing Detroit proud. Get there as fast as your feet will take you!
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2008,8/13/2008,18,50,1,3,2>I used to be the Assistant Manager at this little two-screen theater. It plays second run movies, so it's quite a bit cheaper than regular theaters. Haven't been back there in a while now, but no doubt the place still retains it's small town charm.While you're there, check out the mini-museum on the second floor lobby.  It's not a bad little detour before or after your movie.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2008,8/12/2008,0,8,5,3,4>Exactly what you're looking for.... at 1 am, when you want to hang out and drink coffee but nothing's open. at 8am, when you want to go out for breakfastat 5pm, when you're too lazy to make dinnerat 11:30, when it's lunchtimeDifferent crowds show up at different times, but it's a great seat yourself, unlimited coffee, 24 hour greasy food place.
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2008,8/11/2008,105,150,3,2,2>great service, good atmosphere, good list of specials... this place is a great spot for dinner.i've heard it can get crowded, but we showed up at 7pm (granted, it was a tuesday) and got seated right away (it was my g-f's bday dinner!).the house salad is awesome, and i asked the waiter about the mustard viniagrette (sp?) and he told me that the blue cheese is better with this particular salad so i went that route.  and wasn't disappointed!  the real bacon, i think, is what makes this salad so good... crunchy and yummy. i was ready to skip dinner and get more bacon :)best fish place in birmingham?  i'll have the filet please.  ha... i guess that's how i do, once a meat eater, always a meat eater.the filet was awesome... cooked to perfection.there was a woman next to the kitchen who was paying very little attention to her daughter, who tripped one of the waitresses a couple of times and almost made her fall with a tray full of food.ugh... i was so excited... then so disappointed.  could you imagine that?  a FULL tray of food goes flying?!?!  that would've been great!  i love people who are oblivious of how big of a nuisance their kids are to everyone else around them.  makes for good watchin.and since it was my g-f's bday, we got a free dessert, and we ordered the walnut bourbon pie, which comes with a dab of whipped cream and a side of ice cream and served hot... oh my god... best dessert i've ever had.  fareal... if you go, try it.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2008,8/10/2008,64,491,2,3,2>The Real Detroit Weekly is a publication that you can grab for free throughout the Metro Detroit area.  I personally prefer the Metro Times, but Real Detroit definitely offers a balance when it comes to target audiences.The writing is laid back and bantery, conversational, informal.  It is more for fun.  You won't find a lot of editorial/investigative journalism here -- mostly entertainment.  The most recent thing I glanced through was an interview with Ladytron and another on the Terrible Twos.It's had a reputation for catering towards the partier, but I've noticed that they've been covering local indie bands more.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2008,8/9/2008,71,602,3,4,3>Decent tapas and good sangria. The baked goat cheese is excellent, but when is goat cheese ever bad? Service is just okay and it can get really crowded on weekend nights. The bar upstairs is nice but a little too trendy sometimes.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2008,8/8/2008,24,62,2,7,7>There are at least 50 reasons why Baker's Keyboard Lounge is one of   my FAVORITE places in Detroit. However, since we don't have that kind of time, here are three.1. The Music - Thats a given. As the oldest jazz club in North America, this place doesn't skip a beat. Regardless of who they've got scheduled on any given night, the talent never ceases to impress. 2. The Food - I recall first tasting their rumored to be amazing Mac n' Cheese. When I finally tasted that first bite, I was stunned. Straight up THE BEST soulfood Mac and Cheese I have EVER tasted! Try it with the fried White fish or Catfish and a side of greens. If you have any room left try the bread or banana pudding.  Hot damn!!!  3. The Drinks - With a two drink minimum, drinks are upwards of $10+. If your tolerance is low, there is a good chance that is all you need. The  alcohol to mixer ratio (if thats how you roll) is about 80/20. On a chilly winter's night or a nice humid summer, their drinks will warm you up quickly. If you ever find yourself in Detroit, there is no reason why you shouldn't stop by Baker's as this place embodies much of the Detroit that people search for.
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,8/7/2008,31,47,,3,3>Delicious filipino food!  I haven't had Kare Kare (oxtail with eggplant & string beans in peanut butter stew) since living in Hawaii.  I had forgotten how fatty this dish is but it was undoubtedly worth it.   The lumpia was very good dispite it being a bit greasy. I liked the sweet chili dipping sauce that came with it.This place is also a bar and I was told by our friendly waitress that they have nightly karaoke that begins at 9pm. Hmm.. that's something fun to remember!I will definitely return to try their Sinigang (choice of meat in a tamarind based broth with eggplant, onions, green beans, and peppers) and taste some Halo Halo (tall glass of shaved ice topped with sweetend condensed milk, sweet red beans, and fruit) since I was too full to have any dessert.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2008,8/6/2008,3,8,2,6,2>Everyone must have the Andiamo experience!Andiamo gets it! They really understand  what superb customer service is really about. My waitress was excellent at painting a picture of the food we were about to have; which left me salivating in anticipation of my great meal, and  it did not dissappoint; in fact, it exceeded my expectation.there's no hype here, Andiamo is all that it says it is and more!
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2008,8/4/2008,8,32,2,2,3>Ground Round used to be a fairly significant national chain, and this particular location was and is the best one I have ever been to.The corporate entity seemed to dissolve a few years ago, and a large number of franchises remained open. I believe they eventually banded together and absorbed / bought the corporate operations.Anyway... this 6 Mile location is flagship! The restaurant is divided into two areas... dining room and clubhouse. The clubhouse / bar area is a terrific place to watch sports, drink and eat some food.The menu has something for everyone, based on some great American comfort foods. More focused than Applebee's or Chili's, Ground Round might be considered an alternate to Bennigan's??I have always loved the chicken club salad, available with either grilled or fried chicken and served with a mixture of cheddar and pepper jack cheeses. Simple, really, but it remains one of my favorites.Regular standouts include:- their pot roast dishes- Cinnamon Dippers (think Cedar Point elephant ear cut into nacho-sized triangles served alongside chocolate sauce, strawberry sauce and ice cream)- deep fried cheesecake... maybe not so unique anymore, but this was the first place I ever had it- deep fried mac & cheese
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,8/3/2008,44,62,4,4,7>Beautiful ballpark. Of the three I saw this year, this one fought with PNC as my favorite. Why didn't it win? You know those replica jersey t-shirts? PLEASE start selling more of the old-school players! I wanted a Mark Fidrych and Kirk Gibson one so badly! That lost one star on its own!Otherwise, a great park with the stigma of being in Detroit. I was told I wasn't very bright for wandering around there later, but they obviously don't know me too well, then. Plenty of parking abound, and compared to Boston, it's dirt cheap to park. Now, get to work on those t-shirts! I want one of each!
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2008,8/2/2008,85,86,5,5,5>while visiting my bf's hometown suburb of detroit, i was introduced to the "mecca" of pizzerias, or so they claimed. HALLELUJAH, i sang in its praise as the ultra sweet sauce hit my tongue. AMAZING! the best pizza i've had EVER. i hear there's some serious sugar in their secret recipe. DELISH! my kinda pie!
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2008,8/1/2008,35,47,1,1,1>I only come to Detroit once a year, and this is the one place I have to come.  Sure, the servers are so busy that they forget things you order, but they're so nice about it, and the food is so good that who cares?Recommendations for the perfect meal: chicken and waffles, cheese grits with shrimp, and fresh fruit (to negate the fried foods).
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2008,7/31/2008,11,10,5,6,9>In the Detroit area, I thought that the best soul food...besides "Big Mama's"  kitchen of course...was always, the plates of food those ladies sell at the beauty salon, while you're waiting all damn day to get your..."hair 'n nails did" ...or some dive in the hood...where even though you might get shot...you still go there "cuz you gotta get your eat on."Wellllllllllllll..."Beans & Cornbread" proved me wrong!!! There IS good soul food in the burbs!!!I go there so much that one of the servers says that I am officially an "American" African! Get it? (Never mind...lol)The locale is great! From Detroit, it's between 12 & 13 mi. rd., down the street from Fish Bones on Northwestern...on the right.  You might miss it...the turn is quick and it is set back quite a bit. Just catch the next right...same parking lot.When you enter the main doors, to the left is the food but, you can wait for your table in their bar on the right. You can actually eat there too...get drunk on those sinful Peach Bellini Martinis and belt out "I will survive" on the Karaoke...hehehehehehehe!Servers wear black...jazzy ties at dinner and the hosts and hostesses look dapper. The restaurant itself is a lil tight though...but I guess that makes it more cozy.Screens up above for CNN, videos or Afro-centric movies, are not too distracting. The decor...ummmmm...raw black eyed peas in jars, movie bills of old Afro-centric movies...stuff from "back in the day"...that kinda stuff. All very interesting and well done. Its set up like a bistro...a nice "first date" spot!The wine list is mediocre but they do have the bar next door and they sometimes have some foreign beers. You know how us Africans are...if it's not Heineken...its bath water (even though I hate beer)...but just so you know. I've had better sweet tea and lemonade elsewhere...but theirs will do.Its kinda hit or miss with the basket of sweat potato muffins and cornbread (not hot water corn bread...unfortunately). I hope you get a good batch! The appetizers are all delicious but usually meager...so don't plan on "sharing."The entrees include dishes of meat, chicken, pork, fish and seafood...smothered, grilled, fried, baked, barbecued... . You wanna put down your silverware and grab that pork chop with your hands...hahahahahaha...don't do that though ;-) The fried chicken is not the best for my taste...they need to improve on that. I am not crazy about their steaks either. The sides...especially the collard greens, green beans, mac 'n cheese and hopping john(black eyed peas and rice)...those are ALWAYS superb...and the best I have EVER had! The red beans and rice lacks flavor and the sweet potatoes seem to often be a bit too "sweet."The peach cobbler with ice cream or the sweet potato pie are nice endings to your meal. Unfortunately...dessert is not their forte. I am usually too full for dessert anyway. They also have pre-dinner specials that include dessert.Its not necessarily a "cheap" outing...but well worth the cost all the same!Their other businesses..."Urban Wings" in West Bloomfield and "Mo' Beans 'n Cornbread" in Detroit failed...but this location has fared well through the years. It's hard to get a table on Sundays between 11am and 3pm (the ever faithful church crowd)...but the wait is usually not toooooooo long at other times. Like I said...you can always head over to the bar and "do your thang" while you wait ;-)
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2007,7/30/2008,2016,1122,3,5,8>i'm soooo sad olga's kitchen closed! they have been around since the early 70's with locations everywhere around the u.s and these days around 30 in michigan and a few in ohio and illinois. i used to go to olga's so much since i was little til they closed. i found olga's to be a great place for me to eat as i began to diet my junior year in high school. i ate dinner there or had take out at least 2 times a week. i was all about the peasant soup with the olga snackers and the chicken caesar salad with plenty of olga bread. well in just over 6 months olga's helped me among other things to lose 120 lbs.wow! the olga bread was what made them so good! the fun part about olga's was being able to watch them make the bread from a machine all day long. the bread was similar to a pita yet softer and a nice touch of sweet! i wish i could have some now! the entire menu was great! other highlights include the spinach pie and every single olga sandwich. there is never going to be another place like olga's and i pray they bring em back out this way before i pass.be sure to check out the menu and you'll be praying with me! lololgas.comUPDATE- order the bread online! THANK YOU GOD:)olgas-kitchen.com/script
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,7/29/2008,19,65,3,5,5>This restaurant has a breakfast I will drive across town to get. One where you can make additions (at a small price that make it better and better). It is:The Farmer's Omelet (Gyro Meat, Cheese, Peppers and Onions). I have tried a similar type of omelet at many Coneys, and they skimp on the amount, size, and thickness of the meat, but not here.My ultimate breakfast (about $10 bucks because of the extras, the basic is $6 without hash browns):Farmers Omelet, with Feta Cheese, Pita Bread and a side of Gyro Sauce/Tzatsaki with Hash Browns. I was seriously thinking this would be my last meal request if I was on Death Row....If you get the basic, you can pick from American or Swiss and get regular toast included with the price. It loses one half star because they, along with many Coneys have switched from a quality Jam, like Smuckers, to generic Jelly that lists Corn Syrup as the number one ingredient with no fruit and a little fruit juice.....Over the years, I have tried other things on the menu, and they are fine. The staff is really friendly, and often remember me, even though I am only a semi-regular. Smoking is allowed, and has annoyed my kids when they have come (they say the pancakes are yummy).UPDATE: Last time I went, they had the same jam on the table, but brought two better quality strawberry jams with the toast.....Raise to 5 stars
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/8/2008,7/28/2008,274,718,4,4,6>Why is the ice cream so freakin' expensive? It was good, but it wasn't amazing.The desserts here are enormous and priced to match. I'd rather they were smaller and less expensive.Also, please move some pastries to the window. I was trying to have a nice afternoon with my lady friend but was distracted by every person on the street peering through the window and across our table to see the pastry display.I guess we could've moved.
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2008,7/27/2008,243,72,2,6,5>I think the death knell for the American Car Company is premature.  I think people should give Ford another look- Ford does not deserve the preconceived notion it, along with the other 'Domestic' automakers, has been saddled with.A stylized 'H' or 'T' on the front of the car does not guarantee a trouble-free ownership experience.I have owned two Fords over the last eight years- a Focus purchased in 2000, and an Escape purchased in 2004, both of which have required for the most part only routine maintenance.  Sure, there are the little things- I needed to replace the front brake pads on the Escape after a little over 30,000 miles, which seemed too soon to me (hence the 'imperfect' 4-star review), but for every unexpected repair, there have been things I thought I'd need to pay to replace but didn't.  Case in point- the Focus went almost 100,000 miles with its original clutch, alternator, and battery.  The 40,000-mile tires went almost 70,000.Th Escape is great- fits into 'Compact' spots, yet holds four adults comfortably- something I've not seen any Civic or Corolla do.  If I were in the market today, I'd definitely take a look at another one.A couple of things that bother me- style is bland, boring, and content seems to lag a year or two behind the Japanese competitors, but this is common for all of the 'Big Three', so its not unique to Ford.  I wish they would spend a little more in the design department.I'm also not thrilled with the price premium Ford commands for the Escape Hybrid over a regular gas-powered Escape.Bottom line, a decent, long-wearing, durable vehicle, that will give you more bang for your buck versus comparable models from across the Pacific.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/9/2008,7/26/2008,467,299,12,12,6>Is it bad that I think my insurance company is out to get me?note: blue cross, if you are reading this: I could not love you more.. please don't terminate my health insurance (again) just because I currently am reevaluating my faith in you.. I have my reasonsFirst you fail to tell me that although I signed up for a new plan effective 1.1.2008, it would not in fact, be "effective" until they drafted it up and I received my new card (note: this was mid-february that I set up the new plan). By the way, I REALLY appreciate it that you took your sweet ass time sending it to me.  I don't think two months waiting for an insurance card is unreasonable. Also, I can't thank you enough for standing your ground and telling me there was "nothing you could do because paper work was backed up due to the holidays" through my tears when I found out that I only KIND OF have health insurance (curse that paper work...) . A phone call to my pharmacy would have been appreciated because that would have enabled me to get my prescription.. But hey, formalities- you have policies and you should never go out of your way to assist someone. I'm glad I didn't die waiting for my card. Seriously. God knows, if I had been hurt, my sad little bank account wouldn't have been able to afford to keep this heart pumpin'.  And the true tragedy would lie in the fact that i DID have the insurance (effective 1.1.2008), just not the card. The day I received my card, I felt like it was my birthday- a celebration of life, a celebration of dispelling the fear of being badly injured with only having "quasi-insurance." business went on as usual.Then, I go pick up my prescription only to find out that my insurance has been TERMINATED? What are you doing to me? I feel like I'm on crazy pills... You better give me a sweet  deal on psychiatric coverage after this mind-f*@k. the three stars are only for the purpose that in the event they ever figure out my insurance, they won't drop me again.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2008,7/25/2008,295,160,6,8,6>Moosejaw is cool. Madame Kim is cool. The gear is cool. The prices are cool.I freaking love it!Check out pictures of packaging ...One day, I hope I get the opportunity to stop into one of their stores.
