<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,11/25/2014,320,520,4,5,7>Victoria Restaurant is nestled in an area that you wouldn't easily be able to see unless you were aware of the location.  Thankfully, some of my coworkers knew about this little gem and brought me along with them for lunch last week.  The inside of the restaurant is very open and airy.The chips and salsa were wonderful.  The salsa had just enough heat not to be too spicy for me to handle.  The salsa went great with the warm and light chips.  I had to make myself stop eating them.I ordered the Shrimp and Avocado salad.  I'm not sure what kind of creamy avocado sauce it was that came on top of the salad, but it was so rich that I didn't need to apply any additional salad dressing to it.  The salad was very good; however, I think it was so good that it was probably packed with carbs.  The only thing I wish was different about this salad would be shell-less shrimp.  I had to sit there and peel the shells off of the tails of all of the shrimp, which was kind of messy.I would definitely come here again if ever in the mood to try some of their tacos or other options on their enormous menu.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/24/2014,111,73,13,15,13>Oh, Boulevardier.My mouth gets watery thinking about this place. I avoided this restaurant for the longest time, because it was trending so much that I knew they would fail to meet my high expectations. The layout is well-done; the bar sits in the front and cuts the patrons off from the main dining area. It gives it a more lounge/hang-out feel, instead of being in the way. I'm a bit in love with the décor. It's minimalist chic. The front bar looks super Parisian - with the arranged liquor bottles atop a metal frame, neutral color scheme, large open wine displays, and cute little high-tops - and the main dining area is modern without kitchy embellishments. Straightforward. One thing I'd make note is how the bathroom is one person per gender only. This makes a long line that dips into the main dining area and makes it look kinda dumpy. The patio is freaking adorable! It's a tiny deck that fits 4-6 tables. They are dog friendly too! Of course, we had to sit in the corner that faces the edge, but it works just fine. Attentive servers make for happy patrons. We ordered two appetizers because we couldn't decide. We actually almost ordered three, so this is us holding back. The Crawfish Beignets were AMAZE-BALLS. It came with a smoked pimenton aioli and pickled sweet peppers. The beignets alone were full of flavor, fluffy, and moist. The other appetizer: Roasted Bone Marrow. Yeah, this happened. I love the crap out of bone marrow. They just brought my love to another level. It was served with slices of French bread, pickled shallot, and onion marmalade. Just slab them all together, close your eyes, and wait for the magic to appear. I don't even have an untouched photo of the two because we could NOT wait. The French know how to incorporate fat without making it greasy, son! No wonder they are all snotty.Chris ordered the Harissa Braised Lamb Neck. Read that one more time. HOW CAN YOU GO WRONG?! I'm glad he did, because I was going to. Again, we have the same taste in food so this allowed me to get the other dish I wanted - Bouillabaisse Boulevardier. I had a mediocre bouillabaisse at Toulouse so I wanted to see how it's supposed to taste. It was mixed seafood, shrimp, clams, mussels, and baby octopus served in a lobster-saffron broth. It was light, yet satisfying --- there go the French again with their genius food to fat ratio. The leftover broth can be soaked up with the slice of French bread and slowly savored.Now, the Harissa Braised Lamb Neck. If you want savory, this is what you get. Sitting on top of cous cous, golden raisins, cucumber, and feta, there is no mistake as to why this is the house favorite. We expected a tiny neck portion, but no, it was a whole neck of lamb. SO MOIST. SO FATTY. SO GOOD, y'all. I was definitely jealous pants of my husband.We didn't get dessert because - HELLO, READ MY REVIEW AGAIN - everything was so decadent that I couldn't handle a rich dessert to top it off. But no worries, we'll be back.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,11/23/2014,320,143,6,6,6>A lone girl walks into a new bar in search of beatiful robust eclectic soul and finds it in a Blind Butcher. I don't like to be micro-managed and imagine a Blind Butcher delivers killer elements of surprise stuffed into casings, and this place allows for just the right about of exciting thrills encased with reliable cocktail recipies, beer selections and hearty food recipies.Staff knows how to make a lone gal feel welcomed.  An important looking fellow  strikes up a converstaion and helps me manuever beer stylings.  Confessing my favorite beer can only be drank in Germany and is not easily smuggled into the US, this elusive nectar of the gods is named Augustiner.  Manager tells me that's his wife's favorite beer and he found a way to get it transported into Dallas via a layover in another state, then offers me a grand tasting beer hand selected for my taste buds.  Hope wells over my heart, for men like this do exist. Grimm never wrote a fairytale resonating with me, but if he did it would have involved some slightly overweight and short monk brewing the most perfect beer all soufully alone, then one day, a tall Czech girl would stumble into the monstary desperately looking for peace of mind after loosing her father and the monk would defy his oath of abstinance and never let her be sad again or charge her for beer.Sorry I digress but Blind Butcher allows my tastes to wander free.  I am a fan.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/22/2014,68,224,10,6,5>I will begin this review by first letting you know that I am woefully inexperienced with Asian foods. As a Puerto Rican who grew up on the South Carolina coast, it just wasn't my thing.  I never knew the amazing world of flavors and foods that were out there to experience. H Mart is the place where all of those amazing flavors spend their day. It is an amazing place.FOOD COURT: This is probably new favorite "restaurant" in the area. The ordering system is a little weird. You walk through and window shop from the various kitchens. If you like a dish in the window, remember the bingo number associated with it. Then, you go to the cashier on the back left, tell them your bingo number and pay for it, which is normally a GIGANTIC portion for a super inexpensive price. I paid $5 for the best ramen I've ever had. Other Dallas ramen houses have convinced me that this should be worth $11+. Man, I was a fucking idiot. I woke up the next weekend actually craving this ramen again at 3 AM. This must be what being addicted to crack must be like. I hope the wife enjoys spending every date night ever in a grocery store's food court, because that's exactly what we're going to do to them!GROCERY STORE: Please consider that this is from someone who grew up on the coast in a major port city. This was one of the best fish markets I've ever seen. And it's in Plano, hundreds of miles from the coast. Chilean Sea Bass was $5 less a lb than other stores. Live Blue Crabs were $3 a lb. They even had Cuttlefish. Mother of God it had it all. Though we didn't buy anything there, I think that I blacked out from pleasure when I found the ALL RAMEN aisle. The addiction is real. And this place is my dealer.Go here now. 1,000,000/10.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2014,11/21/2014,118,251,6,12,8>Please advise this is not a store but is at the Richardson farmers market. I bought the black sesame macaron for $2. The size was like a normal macaron size. The taste was great! I wish I bought more because I don't know when I'll come back. Not only was the filling, black sesame but the shell was made with black sesame too. Next time I will get more and just in case you're wondering.. I don't know the folks who own this biz. If the owners are reading I would like to make a suggestion. When a customer pays for the item(s). Please have one person dealing with the customer. It was a bit weird when someone (other than the person giving me the macaron) snatched the money. I know it wasn't intentional which is why I didn't knock off a star.  Good luck with the biz!
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/20/2014,193,459,6,14,7>We recently moved to Frisco from Uptown and one of the scariest thoughts for us was that we'll only eat at chain restaurants/bars from now on. We stumbled across this place while driving down Main street. I'm always a sucker for any houses turned into businesses so we had to try it out. Yelp categorized it as small plates/tapas so we thought it would be ok to bring our 1 year old, more on this later. There is a small parking lot and a decent amount of street parking but just remember to read the signs.You'll notice a nice little back-yard/patio area out back with a bar and picnic style tables. We were greeted upon entering and walked pass the bar area. The host/waiter noted, "Hi guys, it's open seating but we don't have any high chairs." Not a big deal to us since junior doesn't sit still in one for over 20 minutes anyways. The interior was homey and definitely reminded me of some of the businesses in East Austin. We sat down and perused the menu and noticed they have wine, beer, cheese plates, salads, and a handful of flatbreads to choose from. I glanced up at the tables surrounding us and noticed 1. Everyone was having a great time drinking bottles of wine/beer 2. Most people had a cheese plate 3. There were no other children. Oops. This is more a bar with snacks than a tapas restaurant. That didn't bother us too much. Our waitress was super nice as well as every other person who tended to us. We each had a glass of wine and shared the hummus plate. Both were well-priced and good.I really enjoyed this place and can honestly say it is better than some of the so-called wine bars in Uptown. The service was great and the whole space, indoor and outdoor, was inviting and friendly. Next time we'll make it a date night and leave junior at home with the sitter.
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2014,11/19/2014,491,214,7,12,12>Happy birthday to me! I recently had a birthday dinner here with several friends and was happy with how it all turned out.FOOD:The food is so good. I want to return soon. So many different entrees and starters were ordered so we were able to share a bit and taste each other's orders.Starters:Mussels - I love mussels. These were served in a garlicy chorizo tomato broth and everyone who tried them loved the flavor. The only thing I would change is how the bread is served. Toast it up nicely, and it would be even better!Hawaiian Ceviche - I thought this was just ok. I wouldn't order it if I return. It was a bit lackluster for me.Caprese S'mores - These were good; large portion.Wagyu Meatballs - They were very flavorful but I didn't think they were outstanding. Entrees:Pan Seared Scallops - It's hard for me to NOT order scallops if they're on the menu. These were served on a bed of risotto and were cooked to perfection.Pork Chop - I rarely order a pork chop. My friend ordered it and I was surprised with the juiciness and tenderness of the pork. SERVICE:From the reservation process to dinner service, Urbano exceeded my expectations and were more than accomodating. Even with a reservation, there was some wait time because the group prior to us had not vacated the space we were going to sit at. In the meantime, our server popped open a bottle of the wine we brought and poured us a serving. The place is small, so we were standing squished near a piano just past the tables.Urbano does charge a corking fee and a cake serving fee per person for the items you bring (wine/cake).FACILITY/PARKING:The facility is VERY small. There are two different entries. My party was seated in the room on the left which I believe can be rented for private events. I'm not sure how many can be seated there, but their website has information regarding that. The entry on the right has quite a big step when you walk in. Be careful!I really loved the intimate and warm feel of the restaurant. If you are looking for a special place for a smallish group or a dinner date idea, do yourself a favor and make a reservation. You won't regret it. Urbano is next to Jimmy's Food Store. Parking is minimal, but I got lucky and parked right in front of Urbano.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2014,11/18/2014,318,97,8,13,12>Dallas Contemporary, founded in 1978, is a non-collecting art museum located in Design District. Perks? Free admission and allowance of personal photography sans flash. On my first trek to the museum, my eyes met a rather prominent and interesting sight: a 40-foot Playboy bunny! This controversial piece has had an interesting journey from Highway 90 near Marfa to its home at DC.When I walked in, I noticed the exhibition area was very open with an urban/industrial feel. The versatile space allows for large-scale work. A quick cursory glance around and my eyes discovered provocative art - works by Richard Phillips. His paintings explore themes of sexuality, politics, power and death. I found myself captivated by his controversial work. I posted some pieces I photographed that resonated with me. Mind you, they're the tame ones. The other featured artist was Julian Schnabel, an American artist and filmmaker. Albeit he has quite an impressive resume, his artwork did not invoke any feelings within. I felt rather...apathetic. Somewhat reminiscent of when I left the Cy Twombly Gallery in Houston. I digress...For fans of graffiti/mural art, the museum commissioned the popular contemporary artist Shepard Fairey to create more than 12 murals throughout the city. The museum also encourages learning and conversation through their Chit Chats program. These are also free and open to the public. Another unexpected surprise is their travel program called Art Rendezvous. Their upcoming trip is an exploration of Mexico City's past and present. How cool is that? My only regret? Not discovering this local gem sooner. I hope this has piqued your interest and encourages you to pay the Dallas Contemporary a visit!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/17/2014,326,673,7,16,14>Bolsa Mercado serves up the best turkey burger in Dallas, hands down. Sure it takes a few minutes to make, but the wait is worth it. My only personal mods to make it specfreakingtacular would be to cut out the middle third of the bun so it's easier to bite, add extra pickles, and swap the cheddar cheese out for basically any other kind of cheese. I'm not a cheddar head. I love that it comes with a side that doesn't have to be fries or chips. Here, you can get mac n' cheese (if you get there early enough) or even a side salad. Best $9.50 I've spent in a long time. They also have a 10(ish) car parking lot which is accessible from both Davis and the street running parallel behind the store. The interior layout is great for identifying a vacant seat and open enough to actually waddle over to it to sit down. A few people are always working on laptops or reading, but most are engaged in quiet conversation while sipping a coffee or eating a light lunch. Order at the counter and they will bring your food to you once it's loving preparation is complete. Folks at the counter are nice and not pretentious. Great place.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,11/16/2014,372,222,11,23,12>Food - 4/5Service - 3/5Price - 4/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: Anything with homemade noodlesOh wow look! Another pho restaurant in the Richardson/Garland area. Noodlelicious is located in the Saigon Mall where Pho Que Huong used to be. They completely remodeled and rebranded the space (the facelift was much needed).According to their website, they are promoting healthy alternatives to the usual MSG and other preservatives commonly found in Asian soup dishes. The most unique thing however is that they claim to make their own noodles! I can't really confirm, but that is pretty neat. I hope to talk to the owners to get a grasp on their entire cooking process.Their menu is pretty basic: appetizer (egg rolls and spring rolls), pho, vermicelli, and stir fried noodlesPersonally, that's just how I like it. I like when restaurants focus on just a few things and try to perfect those particular dishes instead of offering pages and pages of items that lessen the quality of the food.I will return soon and take pictures. With all that being said, I have a soft spot for this new pho restaurant because the Vietnamese name is "Pho Tuoi Nhu Y" and Nhu Y is my mom's name =)They got me good.---By the way, PROPS to opening at 8 AM on Saturday and Sunday mornings... for those who don't know, pho is the best hangover cure ever. Trust me.
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2014,11/15/2014,329,530,15,15,7>I am learning Asians have a knack for overdoing things. It cracks me up. This nail salon in a strip mall is decorated as if it were a mansion. Angels and sconces on the walls flanking flat screens. Huge chandeliers, cherub statues and plants galore. Every nail salon that pops up tries to outdo the others in the area with more tvs, bigger pedicure and manicure menus, more drink options, neck pillows, more chandeliers, just more more more.I dig it. Whoever has the biggest menu, best drink and comfy back massager wins for me. This place was PACKED on a Sunday late afternoon....they took me as a walk in and were running my pedi spa in 10min. Prices are average and they did a great job - BONUS to the cleanliness of wrapping the inside of the spas with plastic! I still love Gloss and Onyx, but now I have a Castle that awaits me as well.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2014,11/14/2014,262,320,15,22,19>Kor-BQ is a fast food restaurant that combines Korean cuisine (BBQ, kimchi) with fast food staples (hot dogs/tacos) to create fusion dishes that are actually pretty darn good.  Do you like Korean BBQ?  Do you like tacos?  Well you'll like Kor-BQ.My Overall Rating - 4 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - Kor-BQ is a counter service restaurant in a strip mall.  It's clean, has some indoor & outdoor seating, and honestly is pretty forgettable.  A part of the kitchen is out in the open, but otherwise it's your basic fast food restaurant.  Points for being clean.  1/2 Star.Service - The Korean staff were nice.  It was our first time to they took the time to explain their concept & help us order.  They were nice and when our food was ready it came out.  No issues here, just good but basic service. 1 Star.Food - I'll admit, when I first looked at the concept, I thought I wouldn't like it.  But I'll admit, I really liked the concept and the food.  I ordered the kimchi fries, Kor-BQ hotdog, & a bulgogi rice bowl with egg. I'll start with the fries.  Kor-BQ uses thin cut fries with generous amounts of bulgogi beef, kimchi, and a mild cream sauce. It sounds like a hot mess, but it's a delicious mess.  The key is the cream sauce.  I couldn't quite place the flavor, but I do know I kept dipping my fries in it. The Kor-BQ was exactly like the fries except you have a nice, juicy & plump hotdog instead of fries.  Since the toppings were the same I like it a lot as well, but it was very similar to the fries.  Finally the rice bowl was the only item that resembled a traditional Korean dish.  It was solid, and adding a fried egg is always a good thing.  As hard as it was to not like it, I admit I was pleasantly surprised.  1  1/2 Stars.Will I Return? - Hard to say because I live so close to real Korean restaurants that I feel I would be cheating on them.  That being said, I'm a believer.  Kor-BQ may not be my first choice, but now that I know it exists I will certain make it an option.  1 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2014,11/13/2014,941,369,19,23,27>All the things. All the things are here. And, if you want five star service... at a dog park... You're a silly person. Just silly. Cause, it's a dog park. For a $10 / month membership I can stroll in, let my dog free, let him socialize, drink a margarita in the shade, feed my kid, stuff my face with a burger, have another margarita, wash my dog on the way out. This is perfection.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,11/12/2014,60,359,7,11,9>My wife and I wanted to hit this joint up after having some salty fried pickles from Shady's.... and this happened to be near by.This is a great little neighborhood ice cream shop nestled right next to Frankie's Mexican Restaurant. Its a small ice cream shop, but don't be fooled... their ice cream is absolutely great and delicious. The prices were par with other ice cream shops out there. I like the uniqueness of this place and the the fact that the owner was very pleasant to speak to. Props for a great addition to the shopping center.
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,11/11/2014,300,191,4,10,6>Was very intrigued about this place from what I've been hearing about it. Finally decided to make the drive, it was soo far from me but it was well worth the drive! The place was pretty busy with lines on both drive thru windows. They also had a line for the walk up window where they had the menu on the wall. It was kind of a sketchy place though so watch out for that. This is the only place I've been to where the order window has bulletproof glass and you pay through a little metal bucket that they slide in and out of that booth... lOL.. crazy. anyways, about the food, we got 6 wings and a whole chicken both with extra seasoning. We also got extra sauce! The food came out and we ate in the car because they didn't have any tables or anything to sit on. Started out with the wings and yuuuuummm!!! the flavor was unique but delicious! The skin was nice and crisp. They have a very generous portion of fries as well. The fries were a little soft but I liked the flavor. I also enjoyed how they were so thinly cut. The jalapenos were soft and pickled, meh.. the pickles were really salty not a fan. After eating all the wings, we started on the whole chicken. The pieces were good sized and we even had 3 legs in there! The crispiness was much much more than the wings but the flavor was quite salty. If i were to come back here, I would only get extra seasoning on the wings but not on the whole chicken. I'm not sure if this would be the BEST chicken in dallas, as popeyes is pretty goood too but it is actually surprisingly not as greasy as popeyes!
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2014,11/10/2014,58,39,8,9,7>Zenzero Bakery and Café is becoming one of my favorite lunch spots in Coppell. I'm hooked on the BLTA. I'm not exactly sure why, but that's ok with me. Zenzero is a neat little shop where you can get a variety of different gourmet coffees and teas. They serve breakfast and lunch as well with daily specials. To top it all off, they have a great selection of bakery items to choose from (vegan and gluten free options as well).Only thing I do not like about Zenzero is that they do not offer any milk alternatives which eliminates me from being able to share a cup of good coffee with my wife. Oh yeah, their homemade chips are good, but need a little more salt (in my opinion).I come here at least once a week and will continue to do so as everything I get here is yum!Favorites- BLTA- Dublin Black Cherry Soda- Cortado - Coconut Cream Pie
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,11/9/2014,98,160,6,8,6>If you flip over the menu to this place, you'll see their history or backstory or origin or whatever you want to call it - I mention this because whoever wrote that had a great sense of humor: it starts out mentioning how "pizza" and "beer" are two of the most important words in the English language and then continues from there. This has absolutely nothing to do with the experience here but I look at it like the staff here have a laid-back, yet focused approach to how business should be conducted. It's evident in the casual atmosphere. You can see it in the staff milling about, either heading over to greet a table with a smile or running some food over to a couple waiting for take-out. Shoot, you can even witness it in the totally random waiting area outside, made up of a hodgepodge of benches and chairs that fit no style scheme. In short, Taverna Rossa is a great place offering delicious food (and beer!) in an environment that will not suffocate you with its stodginess, despite being located in northern Plano.We stopped in on a Thursday night a little before 6:00. The parking lot is fairly large but due to the number of businesses in the shopping district, you run the risk of needing a map to guide you to the door of this place depending on how far out you park. Once you get in, it's only a few feet to the hostess stand. The bar is immediately in front of you (or one of them - it looked like a second bar is in the back half of the place), some cushy booths are to the right, and then the dining rooms and performing area stretch off to the left. It's deceivingly big but you may not have all that much time to take it in as someone from the staff is never far away to welcome you and shuttle you off to your seat. Our hostess walked us up a couple steps to an open dining room with tables, chairs and TVs opposite an even larger eating area that kind of faces a small stage for local musical acts.Within minutes, our server appeared and he had the "first timers" speech nailed. We told him we had never been here before and what followed was a speech of Dostoyevsky proportions. Don't get me wrong: the guy totally knew the menu inside and out but I felt like I had gone through training, orientation and gladiator combat by the time he was hitting minute two of his introduction. All kidding aside, he gave us some great pointers: farm to table ingredients, local beers, and speciality cocktails. How can you go wrong? Well, I'm sure you could if you really went out of your way to do so but with literally dozens of beers to select (including Delirium Nocturnum!!!), you'll be hard pressed to find something to not quench your thirst.Despite his hesitancy over the pretzel appetizer, we ordered it and loved it. It's not that he was steering us away from it - on the contrary, he pointed out that the bread used in the pretzel is used in the pizza crust, and most tables run the risk of bread overload if they do that. Since we don't know the meaning of the word "moderation," we got it and an order of their chili wings. The wings can sneak up on you. They're slightly sweet and maliciously spicy. The first one is good. The second one will wake you up. The third one and onward will take your tongue hostage, negotiating Alaskan Amber Ale in copious amounts before surrendering your taste buds.The appetizers were definitely promising, and the pizzas delivered on that front, as well. The dough is thicker than that "thin" crust stuff that falls apart without notice, and the toppings are fresh - from the salami to the peppadew peppers and whatever else was on them, not an unsatisfactory topping was to be found. A word of caution if you venture off from the pizzas: someone in our group got the gyro and it was just okay, while the fries that came with it seemed to have the texture of a used handkerchief. But the appetizer salad, lined with lush tomatoes, wonderful mozzarella and other stuff I'm forgetting at the moment was outstanding.And because we were going for broke, we had to opt in for dessert. The sticky bread pudding is something to write home about, apparently, being that they were sold out of it. Our second choice, the deep dish cookie with Henry's Ice Cream, was an excellent runner-up. It may look square (literally) but that cookie is anything but.Throughout the meal, the place was filling up to the point where 7:00 p.m. on a Thursday was looking like Friday night in most other pizzerias. Yeah, there seemed to be a local office party taking place but just as many people were here for happy hour - and it's a tough deal to beat with $2 off all drafts immediately catching my eye. But even if you aren't a raging alcoholic like this review is making me out to sound, it's a decent family place, too. Parents and kids were seated in the same dining rooms as couples on dates or guys shooting the breeze over some beers.It all goes back to the welcoming approach on the back page of the menu. All are welcome and all should enjoy.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,11/8/2014,189,239,6,8,6>I absolutely love tacos, so have had my eye on this place for quite some time.  Finally was down in that area as was able to stop in for lunch.  The concept is very open, feels like a cross between Chipotle and Fuzzy's.   Order at the counter, and take the number back to your seat and your food is delivered to your table.   Lots of seating, both inside and out.  Complimentary Chips and Salsa to nosh on while you wait for your food.  Salsa was good, but nothing over the top. I ordered a shrimp taco and a fish taco and enjoyed the both but I liked the shrimp best.  The shrimp had a ton of flavor and was just perfect. The husband had two fish tacos and loved them.  Each Taco was appropriately filled with fresh ingredients.  We also shared chicken nachos - delightful.  We ordered a small portion and it included probably 8 chips; each loaded with nacho goodness.  More than enough for two people. The only disappointment was the guac- not a lot of flavor.  I also enjoyed the house margarita on the rocks with my meal.  Overall a great place to grab quick meal and leave feeling satisfied and full.  We'll for sure return!
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2014,11/7/2014,132,201,8,15,9>YES! FINALLY YES! I've found the place I want to spend EVERY MONDAY at!!! Why, you ask? well, it's as simple as ALL DAY HAPPY HOUR on MONDAYs. Yes, you read that right, ALL F***ING DAY! Bloody Awesome!!! And that's not some crappy happy hour where they take $1 off and call it a day... No sir/madam, this place gives you HALF-PRICED DRINKS as well as $3 food (and if you're a true yelper, you'll check in on Yelp and get a free Appetizer while you're at it! more reasons to be an awesome yelper, just sayin' :P). We got in and sat at the bar, where the fantastic bartender Leslie told us what the drinks were made of, chatted with us, and mixed all kinds of awesome cocktails. I started with the Tiki-tini, a coconut and pineapple rum with blue curacao that was delicious (and fyi a bit sweet) followed by the zombie, which is the nearest drink i've ever had to a long island ice tea, containing a knock-out mixture of 4 different liquors, with pineapple and cinammon syrup that wraps a beautiful taste and a STRONG kick (limit 2 per person, but one was good enough for me... i need to work on my tolerance). Meanwhile, my wife tried the summer sangria which was good but a bit too tart and lemony, and followed that with a glass of champagne and a chardonnay. To accompany our drinks, we got our free appetizer for which we chose the Gauc and chips, and the Guac was fantastic, a perfect, chunky blend of tomatoes, onions, lime and of course avocado, and it coupled perfectly with the chips which were just the right level of salty. We also tried the tacos which were mentioned in many other reviews, and rightly so, the fish tacos are the best I've had anywhere, and that includes my few forays into LA and San Diego! The fish tacos were phenomenal, and so were the chicken tinga taco, which had a delicious spicy aftertaste, and the roasted pork taco which was juicy and very tasty! So, there you have it, i've stated my case as to why this may be one of the best spots for your happy hour in Dallas. Still not convinced? Did you even read the WHOLE DAY HAPPY HOUR ON MONDAYS??!! This is my new favorite spot and I recommend you try it, and you'll probably be sharing the seat next to me every monday!
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2014,11/6/2014,212,80,14,19,18>After hearing all of the hype about this place and cronuts I finally made a visit few days ago.When I say cronut,what is a cronut.?.If a doughnut and croissant had a love child, it would be a cronut. The shape= fried-ness and creamy interior of a doughnut + the flaky, delicate pastry layers of a croissant.Upon eating it - it was good... A nice and flaky pastry with a delicious filling.Cronut itself is a marvel of modern patisserie and absolutely lives up to its hype.I can only write a review of the new nut cause that's the only thing I took,They have many other offerings.Apple fritter  looks shiny and glazed.Good smiley face took my order of 4 cronuts and deliver with  two free donut holes, but I didn't bother to try those holes.Cronut is a must try thing for donut lovers.This is a tiny small place with a sign says DONUTS.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2014,11/5/2014,205,238,10,16,11>This is the best place I know for tomatoes in the North Texas area; they also have Vidalia onions earlier than anyone. Such a long history has this place; Georgia used to have her place in the Fairview Farms stands; then her family moved the place to this site. It's easily accessible, and you can find just about anything here (except meat). Slide in, browse the old timey jarred goods, the incredibly tasty fresh veggies and fruits, and munch some peanuts in the shell while you suck down a real orange or grape Crush. Good nostalgic stuff. You'll be back again and again. Don't say I didn't warn ya.
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2014,11/4/2014,236,272,10,14,10>Damn...I have always been an El Si Hay girl, but I think they have met their match, and then some. My bf and I stopped in here earlier tonight for dinner, and I had some high expectations, given how popular this place was before it disappeared. I was a little apprehensive, as I am usually a poultry girl when it comes to tacos. I saw none on the menu. What they DO have is a roll call for authentic D.F. tacos. (That's Mexico City's Federal District, for those of you who were not aware) Bistec, pastor, tripas, cabeza, lengua, chorizo, and suadero. I ordered three al pastor tacos, and then my bf and I got curious as to what the suadero tacos were all about. The taquero explained it to me (it is beef that comes from an area above the udders), and even offered to let us have a taste. We happily agreed, and downed that sucker FAST. It was absolutely delicious. My al pastor tacos looked as appetizing as they were tasty. I loved how juicy the meat was, and the fact that the tortillas didn't rip in two in my hand. Everything about those tacos, from start to finish, was amazing. The tacos are inexpensive...about $1.35 per taco. What will get you are the Mexican sodas. Those are $2.50 a pop. But nonetheless, you CAN'T have D.F. tacos without Mexican soda, so just buy one and you will be glad you did. I can't wait to go back. This place totally lives up to the hype.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,11/3/2014,872,124,19,39,28>Wholesome Grub is where Whole Foods meets Fast Food....and the result is quick healthy eats.   While they are open for breakfast, I've only dined here for lunch. As mentioned in other reviews, their menu is on the small side but full of healthy choices.  Because it is on the healthier side, be prepared to pay a little more than you would at McDonalds, Burger King, etc.  So far my favorite item is the turkey burger with sweet potato fries. Mine has always been cooked to perfection and full of flavor.  It's served on a gluten free bun (which does not taste gluten free) with fresh veggies(lettuce, spring mix, red onion tomatoes) and American cheese (I'm getting hungry just thinking about it).  And who doesn't like sweet potato fries????I've dined inside as well as ordering from the drive through.  On each occurrence service has always been on point. My order has always come out as ordered.  The staff has been friendly and attentive when taking my order.  And when dining inside, they always brought me my order (versus an order intended for someone else).If I lived closer I would be a frequent diner (more frequent than I am).   If you're in the area and looking for a healthier alternative check them out.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,11/2/2014,1025,261,9,18,13>If I'm ever up in the Plano area, I now have my spot to drop in and grab a bite! My visit to Whiskey Cake was a very pleasant experience!We happened to be up in the area, and had heard rave reviews...so we had to stop in. The decor was the first thing that struck me as we entered. The boards across the walls listing all of the local products and where they're from caught my eyesight right off the top! The overall rustic, western theme was all throughout the restaurant...even down to the light bulbs used a small vases containing rosemary on each table!Our waitress, Bird, was awesome! She knew the menu, she was helpful with making suggestions and helping us with our choices, we couldn't have asked for more. We started off with an appetizer and a couple of the freshly squeezed juices (which they juice on sight, along with growing a lot of the veggies and fruits out back!). I had the hulk...a refreshing glass of juice with a cool cucumber flavor with a slight touch of basil, balanced with the sweetness of some pineapple! So good! We got the fried green tomatoes for our appetizer. They were so good! The batter had more of a tempura texture to it. The remoulade that comes with it is perfect...you could put it on cardboard and it would taste great! For my main course, I chose the tuna salad stack sandwich. It consisted of a seared tuna steak that's pulled apart and layered on sourdough bread with veggies and mayo. I had to say that I was quite pleased with my selection! The sandwich came with some of their homemade potato chips, which I dipped in the leftover remoulade from our tomatoes!My fiance ordered the chicken salad, but requested some of their pulled chicken on it instead of the fried strips. Bird told us that they were able to do it, but the salad came back with the fried strips. Not a problem at all...she promptly apologized and took the salad back. She returned moments later with the corrected dish. We all make mistakes, and I love establishments that really care about their customers and correct the problem without a hassle. The service was great!We didn't have room for the famous Whiskey Cake, but we will definitely return and try it the next time we're that far up the tollway! If you haven't gone....GO!!! It's totally worth the trip!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2014,11/1/2014,333,166,7,21,19>Yesterday, I was blessed with the opportunity to volunteer at The Main Place.  Prior to learning about their services through my employer, I had never heard about them. Now, I can share their story to my fellow Yelpers!To begin, The Main Place is a non-profit organization that provides clothing to homeless teens in the area. Their unique motto is "A retail store without a cash register."  Let's face it, there are many, many people who do not have a home, a place to call their own. Families live in their vehicles, kids "couch-hop" from one friend's home to another. These kids have no options and are stuck to make the best of their situations. Since there are other organizations that provide assistance, this organization opened to help clothe these teens.The Main Place originally started as a means to provide attire for proms for these kids. If you really think about it, it is such a loving idea. Most of these homeless kids who still attend school wear the same clothes daily, so of course, they would not have nice clothes to attend school dances that we all take for granted. Soon, the organization realized daily clothes are needed, as well. As mentioned prior, The Main Place is non-profit and is SOLELY run by 100% volunteers. NO employees. How it works: school counselors refer these kids to TMP, the kids are given vouchers, and it works by appointments only. The store is divided by little "stores"- a boys and girls dress clothes area, a girls prom wear, casual clothes for boys and girls, and items for infants. What I think is a great idea is that they have those areas that provide nice, dressy clothes that these kids can wear for job interviews. They, too, need to dress to impress.The director of TMP is a gal named Jennifer. Wow, I was so impressed with her. Her excitement was infectious! It was obvious just how much she loves this organization and helping those less fortunate. A couple of families arrived while we were there, and the volunteers got busy helping them, like a personal shopper! They put together entire wardrobes, right down to shoes, jewelry, and hats. It was wonderful to witness the joy on the teens' faces!If you have it in your heart (and closet), I ask that you please help this great, little "store."  What they need: new and gently used clothes, shoes, and accessories. And, of course, money to pay for utilities. For those who work in the business world, they really need dressy clothes so these teens can look nice for interviews. Also, they really need new undergarments (would you wear used undies?), socks and shoes--especially ladies shoes that are small, like sizes 5-6.I thank any of you who have read this and I apologize for the lengthiness, there is just so much info to share!  And remember, pay it forward!
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,10/31/2014,135,145,3,10,8>I love this location so much. You get all that Cane Rosso goodness without any of that parking in Deep Ellum/fight the crowds bullshit. The patio is amazing. I've spent a few Saturday afternoons here with my dog tied to a table leg, sipping on beer, reading, and devouring whole pizzas by myself. It's pretty much heaven. The service is friendly - attentive without being annoying, which is very nice when you want to be alone in public, like I do a fair amount of time. The inside is spacious, and I love all the wall art. It all combines for a lovely atmosphere for dinner with friends (the lighting ain't bad for bringing a date, just saying). I brought my mom and sister here the last time they were in town; they're both very picky eaters, but everyone enjoys pizza, and my lil' adventurous heart was happy because they still tried something new. Love that thin crust!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,10/30/2014,94,87,11,14,11>I've been trying really hard to not be super generous with my delivery of 5 star ratings, but dayum, Kenny's Wood Fired Grill had me happier than a gopher in soft dirt!!!  From the moment I walked in, the ambiance and feel of the place was great.  I had a few minutes to wait for a seat, so I headed to the bar for a quick beverage.  The bartender was friendly and fast.  I didn't wait more than 2 minutes and the bartender came out like a ninja from the shadows asking what I wanted to drink.  The bartender was quick and accurate and also did a great job making my wife's custom drink.Minutes later, our table was ready.  We were seated and given the menus.  I read the reviews and knew what I wanted; that was until Katie came up and explained the specials.  She sold me on the Filet with a crabcake on top.  That's right, a Filet with a whole crabcake on top of it.  For sides we ordered the adult mac n cheese, potatoes and creamed spinach.I ordered a bottle of wine since I knew I wanted to unwind and get intimate with my Filet.  By the time the first glass was gone, the food was there.  My steak was cooked to perfection and the crabcake was so good I was emotional.  I think I actually shed a tear when I finished the last bite.  The crabcake was like adding a pile of money onto a pile of money onto a pile of money; outstanding.I can't begin to explain how wonderful an experience eating here was.I'll say it again.  I'm trying to be a little stingier with my 5 star ratings, but this place was a no-brainer.  Our waitress Katie made our night out even better with great but non-obtrusive conversation.  BRAVO Kenny's Wood Fried Grill.  I will see you again soon as I have decided to be a regular customer.
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2014,10/29/2014,257,612,5,8,6>Tucked away in a corner of The Shops of Legacy and next to Taco Diner and Gingerman is a casual yet fancy gourmet BBQ restaurant. I am a big fan of Chef Kent Rathbun's Abacus and didn't realize Jasper's was his creation, too or I would have checked this place out sooner! Dinner isn't cheap here, and it's restaurants like this that make me wish I could have a nice big expense account to enjoy meals on my company's dime. So unforch, Jasper's will have to be enjoyed on special occasions only. Yelpers steered me right with the blue cheese chips, although I think fries would taste better with this. It reminded me of a fancy version of nachos. Tortilla soup was perfectly cheesy, salty, and delicious! The prime rib was amazing! I have never had such a tender, smokey, juicy, and meaty yumminess in BBQ form as that $47 prime rib.  It was so big I ended up taking it home for leftovers and I used my sous vide to reheat it back to its glory where it retained its perfect tenderness and juiciness! So get the bigger 16 oz portion and take it home with you! I wish we had room for dessert as everything was so delicious, but that just means I have to come back for it next time. Service was great, and the ambiance was fun and romantic and modern.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2014,10/28/2014,541,525,19,19,10>OK so check it.  This place has the ability to be the most amazing place ever created.  There, I said it.  It's open till 4 am on the weekends and midnight every other night! Dallas needs more decent late night feed bags!  They serve veggie sausages, pork free ones, rabbit ones, venison ones, duck ones, animal ones....etc.  HOWEVER I still think they are working out the kinks of the place, I mean, they did just open! They have a two part system, you order at the counter when you walk in and eat anywhere you like, or you can go to the straight to the back and grab a spot at the great big huge family style farm tables (love thy neighbor) and have a great ol'time being waited on.  They have a water station in the back you can help yourself too and the patio is definitely something to get excited about! I go and grab a seat at the bar, cause that's where I like to hang and asked for a scotch/whiskey menu.  They don't have one yet.  Le sigh. Then I asked if they had Red Breast.  Their Isle Whiskey's haven't arrived yet.  Le sigh. So I asked a few questions, the bartender was awesome and def knew his scotch.  So I ordered an Oban, neat.  Oh yea gurl.  Next I ordered an Old Fashioned, this was so good.  Fo realz. They do have other libations too, so if scotch or whiskey isn't your thang, don't fret you can order yourself a vodka cranberry no problem.  Food!! We ordered some sausages, obviously.  I had the Turkey Jalapeno/Cheddar (pork free) and MP had the rabbit/duck one.  We both added some grilled onions.  You can get it on a bun, in a lettuce wrap or as platter!  We also got some fries to splitsies! The size of these were a joke though - we ordered a large ($5.50) and when it arrived we asked the bartender if that was right. He said "yep"!  It is def not enough for two people.  Maybe a mom and her kid, but NOT two full grown foodies...maybe we're just fat, who knows?!  They were delicious though and the sausages were ahhhh-mazing! The prices are very reasonable (except the fries), but shame on me though, I should have asked the price of my scotch.  When I usually order Oban its anywhere from $15-18 a glass, this one was $23...gah!  I don't mind paying for a decent glass of scotch,  but dude. *Stretching*  This place is definitely worth the trip, like I said, still working out the kinks, but it is capable of so many beautiful nights.  Then waking up the next day with no clue as to what happened or how many sausages you swallowed.  Wait, what?
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,10/26/2014,140,90,4,9,9>Just Dogs is a great addition to this part of town, bringing fantastic Chicago style hot dogs down south to Dallas. I just stopped in for the first time today and will most definitely be returning to try more of what they have to offer. I took my food to go, which was a good idea since I tore up my chili dog and fries like a feral child raised by wolves might have. The mustard + chili + cheese + onions combination on top of a quality dog was simply delicious, plus the freshly baked fries paired really well, and weren't greasy like you come to expect from burger joints. Poppyseed bun, thick and hearty sausage- this blows those meager frozen oscar meyer dogs you microwaved as a child out of the water.With friendly, engaging owners and awesome food for a low price, Just Dogs should be on your regular rotation of locally owned hot spots for a great bite to eat. I'm already looking forward to my next visit. :)
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2014,10/25/2014,212,403,12,10,7>This review is only for their briskey.Great brisket they said...... match Franklins they said.....Everyone in Richardson is raving about TenFiddy's moist.... so of course i had to see whats up.The ordering system is neat... it's like Hard 8 and Rudy's BBQ put together.  Open smoke pits where the master pitmasters give you their meat (no homo).  I opted for a pound of the moist briskey.Briskey - Visually it was perfect... nice bark... seasoned throughout with great smoke flavor.  Texture was spot on.... barely held on its own and gave when slightly tugged.  This is one of the top 3 briskets in Dallas. Period. Just look at the picture i uploaded.Ten50 is spitting out some mean briskey... but i question if it's $9 per 1/2 lb worthy....That's not whats up.  Lockhart is spitting out equally good brisket a dollar cheaper.... but hey i guess it's always good to switch it up.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2014,10/24/2014,322,339,8,13,12>Great concept, knowledgeable staff, and tons of beer. What more could a beer lover ask for? What I liked about this place is that if they don't have something on tap you want to drink, you can pick out a beer from the massive selection on the wall and drink that instead. This place is certainly about selection. The staff here love beer. I had a great conversation with the manager (Oliver?) about different breweries and what they were up to. It's quiet enough that you can have a good conversation with your friends, or play Uno. Not that I go to a bar to play Uno, but there were a group of hipsters having quite the intense game last time I was there. This would also be a good place for date night. I plan on bringing my beer nerd boyfriend here next time I need serious brownie points.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2014,10/23/2014,514,437,12,16,15>First of all, I know people will complain about the price. Regular Vietnamese banh mi is $2-3... It's about $6-7 here. BUT!! This place is Americanized after all... And they do it so well!! *round of applause*We were greeted by super friendly employees and shown the menu. They nicely asked if we had any questions since the concept is quite new. We ended up getting the coconut chicken breast banh mi and Saigon "street style" corn cup (elotes!). Coconut chicken breast banh mi - I didn't know what to expect after I bit into the bread, which wasn't crispy like I was used to. But once I tasted the chicken breast and cucumber-cilantro aioli, everything changed. I loved it! The chicken is marinated in chili-coconut, and you can really taste it. I'm not a fan of coconut, but it was perfectly subtle and pleasant. Definitely legitimized this place for me.Corn cup - I had no idea what to expect from this... But it was so good! I like it even more than regular elotes. It even has a bit of nuoc mam (fish sauce) in there, but it was also really subtle and worked very well. You have to try it!Overall, all of their flavors were subtle yet still popped. They've created some great new flavors I've never tried before, and it worked for me. Yum!!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,10/22/2014,130,122,14,16,12>Today was the 1st time I braved the long line and the hype to check out what some say is the best BBQ in the State of Texas.  Of course, it was also the grand opening of their new location in Deep Ellum, so there was a little bit of a extra buzz and electricity in the air than normal.  My original game plan was to arrive at 10 a.m. and wait a hour until the doors open.  Sounds like a good plan right? At exactly 10:06 a.m. I was the 17th person in line.  How does that happen? Why all the hype?  As i stood in line, I watched the line grow, literally around the block.  It just fed my anticipation for what my nose sensed in the air.  I made friends with the people around me in line and ended up sharing a table with them. At exactly 11:05 a.m. the owners opened the door and yelled welcome and come in!  As I made my way into the Pecan Lodge, I noticed it was large, spacious, and frosty from the air conditioning blowing.  This menu isn't made for the vegans, it's made for the true carnivore. The menu has the usual for all the BBQ lovers.  2 kinds of ribs, brisket, sausage, pulled pork, huge baked potatoes and all the side dishes & desserts you can dream of.  My choice of the day was a 3 meat with 1 side.. a dessert and a drink!  After a brief wait, I made my way to the table on the patio and began to indulge.  Damn! Damn i say.. HOT DAMN!!  Not many things are worth waiting for, but this was.  The texture of the brisket was great!  It was tender, juicy and full of flavor.  It has the right mix of lean meat and fat to make each bite delicious.  The pulled pork was just as delicious and so was the pork ribs!  The shocker was the collard greens.  It was like someone's grandma was in the back breaking down greens over a hot stove.  Originally, I thought my first taste was a fluke, but it wasn't.  It wasn't bitter.  It wasn't mushy either.  It was tasty with a tinge of sweetness ( there has to be brown sugar in there) and a hint of peppery spice.  I will have the collard greens again!And then I had the banana pudding! I think that was what put me over the edge.  I'm officially on the verge of a food coma and i'm sweating.  The only thing that keeps me holding on is my ice tea.  Did i finish everything? Heck no!  I made a to go plate, but the damage was done. I asked everyone at the table how their food was.  And the community sleeper vote was on the sausage links!  I tried to get a quick taste, but they all looked at me like I was crazy.  So I'll have to take their word for it.  There is a nice sized patio, which is where you will be exiled to in the Texas heat if you get there late during the summer months.  They also have a nice size bar area, which has several local brew choices!    I have a couple tips for the newbie or tourist that is visiting.  1.  Get there early.  10am-10:30 am is perfect.2.  Park on the street for free, just be aware of signs.3.  Bring your appetite.  4.  Don't be ashamed to have a carry out box.5.  Ask questions, the staff is super friendly and helpful6.  They are closed on MondaysHands down I can say that I was impressed.  Pecan Lodge adds so much to the neighborhood and I'm glad they left their old location. **I would've wrote this review sooner, but I came home and took a 4 hour nap!
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,10/21/2014,255,323,15,16,10>Soooo...it's always weird writing a review of a place that has a ton of reviews.  I just want to say "hey, go read the other fucking reviews!" so that I don't have to duplicate all the shit that's already there.Ok, here's my quick and dirty review:1) Brisket was awesome, but not as good as Pecan Lodge.2) Ribs were AMAZING.  Really the best pork ribs I've probably had.  Tender, but with the tug before coming off the bone that marks those ribs made by a master, uh rib cooking dude.3) No big long lines at the time I went.4) It's ALL YOU CAN EAT for like $16.  Seriously--what other top tier BBQ joint in TX does that?  It's insane.Go eat it.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,10/20/2014,455,247,7,9,7>This place is so incredibly cute from the outside!  Service is very simple, friendly, and fast. We ordered and they brought the food to us in no time. I got a single cheeseburger with pepper jack cheese. The burger was extremely juicy and delicious!  My only complaint is that it was slightly over cooked more than I prefer, but it was still very good nonetheless. For a burger, fries, and a drink expect to spend at least $10 - $15. It is a bit pricey and you could get more of a bang for your buck else where, but it's definitely worth trying.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,10/19/2014,23,12,11,12,10>This place is da bomb, sweeties! Love their fresh ingredients and the creative dishes. The tea is addictive; can't seem to get enough of it. I love their salads and their apps. The only critique I might offer is that sometimes the soups are a little too salty for my palate, and that in some cases, the portions could be a tad larger, but hey...I'm watching my figure, too!Trixie D says check it out!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,10/18/2014,127,217,12,14,7>I really don't ever go get Thai food.  When other people go get Thai food, I say "no thanks" and go elsewhere.  So one strange day, I ended up at Noodle Wave.No idea what I wanted, I went for the item pictured in a few Yelp reviews, the roti chicken curry.  I think I started crying when I bit into the roti.  It was the most magical thing I'd ever put into my mouth.  It was like one of those super hot fresh tortillas that comes off of the metal round thing at a tex mex restaurant...only a little more moist and magical.   As for the curry, also amazing.  The portions were generous and it was amazing.  I couldn't wait to go back to Noodle Wave after this meal.The next day, at work, I tell my friend that I've found this amazing thing called Roti and I absolutely must have more.  We go to a local indian restaurant and it's just not the same.  Not even in the same vicinity as the magic tortilla thing I had at Noodle Wave.Determined for more roti, I went back.  This time, I decided I wanted to explore the menu a little further.  I'll start with two orders of roti, I asked.  Then I asked the waitress to suggest another kind of curry...something similar but different.  I was real helpful, I'm sure.  The waitress suggested that I try the Southern Chicken Curry.   On the menu it said that it comes with coconut sticky rice.  This is something I would never, in a million years, order.  I like plain white rice, so I was rather nervous about this funny rice.   One bite...and I was texting my friend telling her how I may have found the best restaurant in all of Texas.  This southern chicken curry may be in my top 5 meals OF ALL TIME.  Pure heaven.  I was making "mmmm" noises with almost every bite.   I was also counting the hours until I could go visit the establishment again.Will the waitress look at me funny when I come back 2 days in a row?  I'm about to find out.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,10/17/2014,238,86,13,19,18>Dosolino Marangon has crafted a true gem, in Dallas! As someone who loves to cook, and knows authentic Italian food inside and out, I am always interested in judging the Italian owned establishments on authenticity, and execution. La Perla d'Italia does not disappoint. The menu lists many items that most Americans are familiar with, some of them being Italian-American fare, but the kitchen will prepare any traditional Italian meal that they have the ingredients on hand for. Me and my large group of Italian speakers were all well pleased with the pizza, mozzarella, burrata, and the pasta. This is Italian food executed correctly. If you are a dairy fan, the fresh made cheeses are worth the drive from anywhere in DFW. La Perla is two businesses cohabiting. One is the most authentic Italian cheese producer in America, which is actually a branch of a cheese company that started in Italy many years ago. The other is the restaurant which utilizes this fantastic cheese, to create the food of dreams. The Pizza is not brick oven, despite this is amongst the BEST to be had in Dallas, which means I will still be traveling to Cane Rosso, but will have another great option closer by!La Perla not only has my Italian stamp of approval, but my cravings as well from time to time!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/16/2014,198,446,24,28,14>ok so my wife's friends kept posting pics of them here on ig like 2-3 times the same weekend! my wife & i were both like "we need to check 'em out"we came during the week after work...ugh traffic on 35 northbound though!! smhi kind of had an idea of the location of this & i was right....score lol!! but getting off on frankford off 35 going northbound...ain't happening! ugh!finally got on the right path & was able to make it to our destination! now this spot is located in a very nice strip center on the east side of 35. when we walked in...music is jamming...tv screens on both sides of the spot! we were greeted by the gentleman behind the counter w/ a big azz smile lol!! that's what i like to see!! he walked us through everything, as we told him this was our 1st time coming here. he let me sample some of the daiquiris that i was interested in. my wife ordered the fried catfish basket & i ordered the fried chicken wang basket! she had a big shot peach drink while we were there & i had a watermelon specialty shot! now i don't know what the hell was in that shot...but i felt very special...lmao!! we chose our daiquiris to go...my wife had the strawberry & peach mixed & i had the long island tea!! y'all that long island tea will set you straight on your azz lol...i'm just saying!the fish was a little salty for my taste buds but my wife liked it! now me on the other hand was clucking after them wangs....had me a little hot sauce...a napkin & i was done loleverything here was greatness!! i love the fact that the 3 of the 4 owners were there & all friendly and after we finished & we were cleaning off the table...they asked how did we like everything!! everyone was friendly & helpful! now my wish is that the same service i received on the 1st visit is the same service i receive every time i visit! now i know the owners may not be there every time...but at least from the workers i hope they remain friendly!! we shall see yelp!!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,10/15/2014,172,285,7,12,9>Finally! Excellent dumplings in the DFW area! Looking around, it's mostly other Chinese families, so you know it's authentic.As others have pointed out, the main sign above the restaurant still reads Hunan Dynasty, a clever way to hide from hoards that will come once they realize that Dumpling House has a delicious variety of dumplings and other Chinese dishes.I love how there are so many different types of dumplings, and you have the option of steamed or fried (as a potsticker). Get them steamed, as potstickers tend to be overly greasy and the steamed dumplings really let the chewiness of the dumpling wrapper show. You can tell the skin is homemade and fresh - so good.My favorite was the chicken and corn dumpling. The sweetness of the corn was a nice contrast to the saltiness of other foods. The fish dumpling was good as well, and you can't go wrong with pork and veggie.Their green onion pancake is delightfully flaky, with layers, just the way I like it. They also have noodles and other dishes on the menu. The beef noodle soup had tender meat and good broth, although the noodles were pretty standard.Yes, it's slightly more expensive than other Chinese food, but you're basically paying California Chinese food prices. And the food is definitely up to par with California standards. Plus, I was impressed with the fact that the server let us know that everything is homemade because they don't like the preservatives and ingredients in buying prepared things. They even soak their own red beans to make a homemade sweet red bean paste. My Chinese tastebuds are satisfied!
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/19/2014,10/14/2014,437,240,8,12,12>This is a great dog park with a walking trail and separate areas for large and small dogs. Like others have mentioned, parking is limited, but I have  always found a space.I will say that on a couple of occasions, other owners have complained about aggressive dogs in the large dog area. If their dogs cannot act properly, they should stay home. For the most part, the people who come here are nice. They are closed on Mondays for maintenance or when it rains. The sign says they close at sundown. I have been there as late as 8:45 in the summer, and dogs were still playing.
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,10/13/2014,242,97,17,11,13>On this the day of our Lord May 26th , I write to you the people. Much merriment was had at the Scarbourough Fair in the township of Waxahatchie , Texas.What an amazing day of fun with fellow Yelper's Erin M , Chris C, and the dashingly handsome C.J. O.The weather held out for us. A gaggle of Yelpers on a mission. 3 vets and 1 virgin were in attendance .We were all in awe of the busy/entertaining space before us. We had already read other reviews, and were armed with pockets of shillings. Remember it's 1533 ,plastic cards were yet to be invented.Admission was 48 per couple. Not terribly expensive for the fun that awaited us.Upon entering, we headed straight to a beer wench for ale. 5.50 per drink wasn't horrible.We sought out delicious bites, which can cost you an arm and a turkey leg. However, they did not disappoint. I paid a man 8 shilling for a 9 inch sausage! LOL!We also enjoyed roasted leg of fowl, fried mushrooms on a stick,and a Scottish egg!The actors were on point, with shows at every turn. I was fond of the bell organ.Get there early as parking is first come first park.2 bucks for a much needed program.I think most in attendance may have be confused in their costuming. We saw a Ninja for lords sake. Perhaps next visit I will wear my Buddy the Elf costume!In short(haha) I rode an elephant, had a sword fight, paid 8 shilling for a 9 inch sausage, discovered steam punk and scored some amazing deals from the vendors. This was the last weekend of the fair. As usual, we were the last ones to leave the party!I think I saw a leprechaun in a tree, but that was perhaps the copious amounts of ale.Oh, the webs we wove!
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2014,10/12/2014,188,68,9,10,9>Wow!!! Where do I begin.... First they are located in Deep Ellum which is cool. The staff is nice. I enjoyed talking to them. The pizza makers don't mind if you watch or take pics while they work their magic. Now for the main event... The pizza!!We got half delux and the other half cheese. It was fabulous!!!! They didn't overwhelm the pizza with too much sauce that is good and the crust was perfect. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is because the old busted seats ripped my jeans..LOL
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2014,10/11/2014,209,195,8,16,14>Great place for BBQ. Simple, choose either a sandwich or how many types of meat you want on your plate. Comes with two sides. Although I didn't see that stated anywhere, so it was not apparent til you order. A bit on the expensive side for lunch. So, I thought I might as well order more meat for the money and take it home for dinner (or late afternoon snack!).The food is delicious, no doubt about it. Loved the cauliflower and brussel sprouts and the beans. Tasted my lunch buddy's sweet potatoes. Should have been a dessert - they were excellent. Had the brisket and the sausage. Both were great and sampled one of the ribs. I have to go back to try everything else. Loved it. I saw someone come out with a sandwich and at $6.99 that was the item I should order. Tons of meat on it!
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,10/10/2014,132,115,6,11,8>This Origin is a big change from what it was when it first opened, when its main feature was paleo-based, prepackaged meals, usually to go.  Origin is now a full-service sit-down restaurant in a cozy setting. No more prepackaged meals to go. And no longer paleo based (you'll notice a good amount of dairy and gluten/grains on the menu). Everything I've tried so far has been good. For appetizers, I'd recommend the bacon-wrapped quail, which is delicious despite being slightly heavy on the salt. For something lighter and cleaner, go with the crab and avocado salad. By the way, if you're thinking of ordering this salad as a meal, think again (unless you enjoy the feeling of starvation). The dish is light, small, and pretty -- something to simply enjoy before your meal.As for entrees, I tried some type of steak/beef dish the first time. I don't remember what it was; I just remember enjoying it (the boyfriend enjoyed it too). On my second visit, I tried the pork tenderloin. It was perfectly cooked medium, as recommended by our sweet and friendly waiter. My girlfriends also enjoyed their entrees and were happy with the entire experience. A good dining experience overall. Go try it out if you haven't already!
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,10/9/2014,44,77,7,9,7>Sometimes you can be misled by other people's perception of things. In this case, Nick and Sam's.  When I narrow it down where we are going to eat I begin reading other reviews. And someone's idea of good or bad can be just that...their perception. Unless you get food poisoning or the location is dirty I don't want to read a review that doesn't fit your preferences. And that's what I read about this place. At first I thought I was going to Nick and Sam's steakhouse but no. This place looks more like Nick and Sam's abbreviated. Having the Look movie theater attached to it didn't bother me like it did other reviewers. In fact I liked that our waitress asked if we had a movie to see after our meal so we wouldn't miss it. Nice. The place looks classy enough to me. Even with all the movie goers the place looks like a nice place to take your best girl.  Sushi bar? Nice if you like it. I like my fish cooked mostly. My wife and I always ask for their signature drink every where we go eat now. And they had plenty to choose from. Can't remember what she had but it was sweet, maybe little to sweet for my taste. I asked for local beer and they had none. Disappointing. But I won't drink anymore beer at restaurants unless your buying or they carry local stuff. I think they did have a IPA but didn't order it. IPA is no bueno for me. We began the night with calamari that came with a lime aoli and a sweet vinaigrette type sauce which was delicious. I ordered the "smoked" pork chop. No smoke on the smoked PC. Don't call it smoked unless it's smoked. That's why I ordered it. The flavor was fine. The Mac and cheese was interesting. Spicy. The wife ordered the hanger steak.  She raved about the sauce it came with. The steak was not enough for her. We skipped on dessert. Over all a good meal. I think our waitress name was Laura. She was great. Attentive. I like seeing the kitchen kinda open like that. Makes me feel comfortable they aren't  doing weird things to my food. The only complaint for me was the seating arrangements. A tad too close to others. Anyways. I'd go back. But first I'd go to their steakhouse.
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,10/8/2014,45,100,8,9,9>Any place with a cupcake named after Michael Jackson gets an automatic 5 stars in my book! But seriously, these other cupcake shops need to take a lesson from the Cupcake Co. They have a limited selection but that allows them to focus on producing some very yummy and moist cupcake flavors!The strawberry cupcake actually tastes like strawberry! No pink artificial flavoring found here. And the aforementioned MJ cupcake features a moist chocolate cake with a sweet (but not too sweet) frosting. Sooo good! Definitely worth the drive to Cedar Hill if you aren't already on the south side!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,10/7/2014,160,195,5,12,5>Currently in our lunch rotation, El Rey Del Grill is a no frills mexican restaurant.  I think it was recently remodeled.  my co-workers and I always joked about their 10 tacos for $11 would destory your stomach but we were wrong.  It is a great restaurant.They specialize in roasted chicken and taco here.  The Roast chicken is great if you're looking for something healthy, they give you tortillas so you can make your own tacos.  I really enjoy that homey-feel of that.  The beans/rice are pretty standard sidekicks, nothing special.  They have a small salsa bar, not too shabby, not best ever but pass-able.The tacos are good (3.5/5), in my opinion but they really are a great bang for your buck type deal.haven't got a chance to try the plates but they look great as well.  Staff is very friendly.Great place to grab a fast cheap meal, its in a shadier party of Dallas so not sure how it is at night.  Not the cleanest joint.I would say the restaurant overall is 3.5 stars out of 5 but I give it a bump because it is good value and great staff.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2014,10/6/2014,103,192,4,10,11>I like the concept, and I love the flavors the Daiquiri Shoppe offer. How many places can you walk in and try before you buy? Not many but not only can you try they recommend mixes based on your taste. The price is great because you would pay more in a restaurant for drink that isn't as good or potent. I like the tables because what better way to start you girls night out then having one or two there and then hitting the club. If you're having a night in then to go is a great option.The staff is so friendly and I have only been to daiquiri shoppes in NOLA and these was exactly the same. I'm fan and I'll be repeat business.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,10/5/2014,297,148,7,10,8>I am always trying to find a great delivery place and this one is it! Last night I ordered the chicken pesto pizza, antipasto salad, toscana salad, hot wings and a drink. I always order more because you never know which will be yummy. The pizza had an amazing flavor. The chicken wings were almost the size of a drumsticks. I ordered 12 and was expecting small wings. I could only eat 3 of them they were so large. Also I asked for extra sauce and they gave me some without charging me for it like most other places. Both salads I ordered the small and there were so many topping that I could have made a meal out of them. And last I know this will sound funny but if you order delivery as much as I do you will understand. The soda was priced at $2.49 and no size was listed. I assumed they were over charging me for a 20 oz bottle or cans so I got three. You can imagine how surprised I was when 3 2 liter bottles showed up. I can't wait to order from them again!!!
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,10/4/2014,608,438,13,13,12>After a good night of tennis at Plano Senior High Albert N. and I had worked up a mighty appetite.  At first we went to Champion, but learned that they didn't have any food.  Luckily for us, we saw Noodle House across the food court and decided to give it a try.  Noodle House has a limited menu of popular Taiwanese dishes.  We decided to share 3 dishes:  Beef Noodle Soup, Crispy Chicken and the Pork Chop.Beef Noodle Soup - The beef was by far the best in the Metroplex.  Each piece was marinated just right and they were so tender that you could bite through the chunks with relative ease.  This is the way that beef is supposed to be in this type of entree.  The broth was really tasty without the presence of floating grease puddles.  If you're a soup person you're going to love it here.  The noodles were above par, but not as good as Monkey King or Sichuan King.  The amount that you get is somewhere between Monkey King and Sichuan King with SK being the best value for the amount of food you get.Crispy Chicken with Rice - It has the same type of breading that QQ has on their popcorn chicken, but with way more meat and a less batter.  The chicken is super juicy, which I was pretty surprised about.  Translation: WIN.  You also get small sides of minced pork, an assortment of Taiwanese style pickled vegetables and a whole braised soy sauce egg to keep your taste buds interested.  There's enough food here to satisfy any hungry dude.Pork Chop with Rice - It's actually fried with the similar batter as the Crispy Chicken, if not the same.  The pork is cut into really thin slices, but it's super tender (surprise, surprise).  You get the same sides as you would with the other rice dishes.The people behind the counter are nice and helped us by recommending some of the dishes.  I love family owned businesses that love to engage their customers.  If you're planning on paying with credit card be sure to order at least $20.  Otherwise, you're out of luck.Food: 5/5Value: 4.5/5Service 4.5/5Atmosphere 4/5
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,10/3/2014,109,21,13,16,17>As a caffeine enthusiast, this place hits home with its iced toddy, which I regretfully gulped down at an indecent time of the day.  I wouldn't recommend this place for studying because I'd be so absorbed in the offbeat music and people watching.  It puts the "bar" in coffee bar, meaning it's got this casual vibe conducive to making convo with the stranger next door. There's ample room and plug-ins if you do choose to set up camp here and study.  The prices are a bit on the higher end compared to Starbucks and parking is pretty inconvenient during busy hours.  There are plenty of taxidermy works hanging on the wall, which is a bit off-putting to me, but that's personal preference.  You could probably spend an afternoon here perusing the book shelf in the back, admiring the ancient relics, or taking a gander at the community board near the restrooms. It's a really great addition to lower Greenville, and it's conveniently located across the street from Trader Joe's and Truck Yard.
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2014,10/2/2014,86,134,18,20,19>I am obsessed. I went five different days (four of them in a row, and even twice in one day) during the first week of my visit and bought eleven pops total. They must be making a killing because of people like me. But I am not ashamed and I only wish I could go more. Also a big thanks to my friends who helped feed this addiction by going so many times with me.There are two types of flavors, creamy - which seem like ice cream and fruity - which are more icy. Both have delicious flavors and are perfect for these hot Texas summer days. I've gotten ones from both columns and though I like some more than others, all have been good. My personal favorite is the blood orange. You can get a mix-and-match 4 pack which comes with this pretty nifty insulated bag and they'll even give you an ice pack if you're traveling a little further. It's $3 for one or about $11 for the 4 pack and the menu of flavors doesn't always stay the same. There are also days when some flavors are sold out. They have a couple of seats inside in three sections to hang out with a few friends and some benches to sit outside as well. Most times I've been here, there's been a bit of a wait but the line moves fairly quickly and the workers are friendly and efficient. I was standing behind a friend who was visiting from out of town and mouthed to one of the workers that I was going to pay for him. She automatically got it and was onboard and even helped me convince the other worker when we ended up at her register instead. Thanks!Best of all, they're dog friendly! But not parking friendly.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,10/1/2014,290,376,8,16,13>After a most successful trip to Jimmy's Grocery for some East Texas and Heirloom tomatoes, we went on a search for a new restaurant to try.  We had been to Terilli's a year or two before the fire and rebuild, so we headed over to Greenville Ave to check out the new digs.We were the first patrons to walk in the door for a Monday lunch.  We spotted that very attractive bar and grabbed two seats.  We were greeted by a cheerful and friendly bartender, Kenneth.  He quickly offered our place settings, menus and took our drink orders of one Pinot Grigio and one Miller Lite.The ambiance is much more upscale than the previous setting, but yet casual and not stuffy.  Beautiful dark woods, white tablecloths and dinnerware, a fireplace, a piano and some very interesting artwork depicting jazz musicians.  I really like it that the seating in the main dining area is open and airy and options include more booths.  We didn't explore the roof top patio on this hot summer day, but look forward to spending some time there when cooler weather prevails in the fall.Libations quickly delivered and lunch specials offered.  We opted to sit for a while to enjoy our drinks before ordering.Kenneth checked back with us regularly but was not intrusive.  We finally decided on our orders and he was there johnny-on-the-spot to fulfill our requests.  I chose the lunch special of fettuccine with sauteed artichokes, red bell peppers and grilled chicken in a creamy slightly garlic-y sauce, served with a Caesar salad and garlic bread.  My dining companion went with the Greek Salad in keeping with his lower calorie meal choices.The presentation of our meals was so impressive, as you'll see by the photos attached.  We eat first with our eyes, and both of these only increased our desire to dive right in.  My pasta dish was absolutely scrumptious, some of the best I've enjoyed anywhere.  Creamy sauce, moist tender chicken (and a lot of it!) with the tangy artichokes and bell pepper.  I also added Roma tomatoes which were the perfect accompaniment.  And for only $12, a well earned 5 stars for sure, plus enough of this generous serving to travel home for another lunch the next day.The Caesar salad was fresh with just the right amount of dressing. Delicious, as were the slices of soft, yet crunchy on the top, garlic bread.My friend's salad looked delicious as evidenced by his leaving nary a morsel in the bowl.Yes, 5 stars for a "first" visit to this rebuilt restaurant, but well deserved.  Service by Kenneth was outstanding; he represented his company well.  5 star KUDOS to him.Can't wait for a return dining experience at this lovely spot; well worth the drive from the northern burbs.
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,9/30/2014,228,176,7,9,11>I heard through the grapevine that Bryan Street Tavern got a new rad patio. So off we went. The place has a divey feel which I love and plenty of regulars around. They do have a ton of beer on tap, which is nice. A cool loungey area with couches to watch your favorite sporting events and the patio.. It is rad.We went on a Tuesday night and they have two big bocce ball 'pits' (is that right??) and were actually having a bocce ball tournament. Wow! We had eaten before but saw a lot of pizza being passed around which looked delicious. We'll be back for pizza soon!!
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2014,9/29/2014,197,169,9,13,12>I really like this place. We were one of Ruth and Manny's first customers when they opened at Town East and 635. The "new" location is larger and of course decorated in the Blue and White Greek color theme. I miss the murals from the first place, and the restaurant vs diner feel that it is now.The Gyro Sandwich is still yummy. The staff is very nice and helpful. The calamari was tough, but flavorful, and smallish for the price, I thought.This was the first time I did not enjoy a food item here. We were told that the usual cook was out on a catering gig, so maybe this was why, but whatever it was, it was not what I am used to from this family owned and family run restaurant. All in all, it was a nice night with my hubby after a long hard day of house hunting. They do not serve alcohol, but you are permitted to bring your own. You may want to call and check on the details for this.
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,9/28/2014,256,159,7,8,9>You know TJ has won an Asian girl's heart when it's replaced Chinatown and Korean town for delicious frozen dumplings. Located on the northeast corner of Inwood Village (facing Lovers Lane), this store carries all of my traditional TJ favorites. The frozen chicken and pork dumplings are easy to prepare, and MSG-free to boot. The coconut macaroons are made with more egg white and less sugar - just how I like it.Even the layout of the aisles, efficiency of the staff, and upbeat spirit in the air are reminiscent of its wonderful sibling store on Greenville. There's plenty of parking in the complex, though it can be tricky to pull out during peak hours.This is certainly a much-needed store on the western edge of Highland Park. It's the perfect spot to grocery-shop after a movie at the historical Inwood Theater, or a meal at one of the many great restaurants in the complex. This location also benefits those of us down in the medical district: poor students who still love great food!
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,9/27/2014,141,191,10,7,5>Mr. Wok what would I do without you?Although it's a bit of a trek from Uptown to get a meal at Mr. Wok, it's definitely always been worth it. The duck you get at Mr. Wok is the best you can get here in Dallas. It's perfectly cooked and the duck retains all it's wonderful and beautiful juices. The skin is crisped to perfection and the duck is carved expertly tableside. It comes with scallions, black bean paste, and chinese buns (no pun intended). You fill up the little warm buns with some crisp and juicy pieces of duck, put on a thin layer of black bean paste, throw some scallions on top and take a bite. The explosion of flavor and textures is ethereal. Then again, I've always liked duck so take that last comment with a grain of salt. They take the rest of the duck that's left over and will cook it for you 1 of 2 ways. 1. stir fry. 2. soup. Go for 1. It's much more flavorful and although there isn't a ton of meat left once the carving is complete, the stir fry flavor and little sinews of meat are worth the effort. As for the soup, it's bland and underwhelming.Did I ever tell you about the day I came here to Mr. Wok when they ran out of a duck? I was depressed for about a week. When I first heard they were all sold out, my heart sunk. When I saw them delivering the last of their pre sold ducks to other customers my heart shriveled up and died. Mr. Wok isn't Mr. Wok without the duck. You need the duck. The duck is a must. Let's say the duck disappeared. I woudln't come here.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2014,9/26/2014,88,306,11,11,10>Outstanding!Heli, you have done it again.  I really appreciate these events, and I always have a blast.  I took Uber there and back, which is really good I did - I usually have to drive which limits my drinking.  But I didn't have to worry about driving home so I just had a great time!  Thanks to Jodi for saying HI and I got to meet the infamous Jimmy-Lee!  Nice running into Chris and Willis, as always!  Oh and Penny and her husband - nice meeting you!  I met some new people too, but without nametags, I can't remember a thing!  But it was a GREAT event - the food, the drinks, the performances - people dancing with swords, not to mention a MIME?!?  OH and the chill VIP lounge which was awesome.  I liked that there was a room you could actually hold a conversation in.  But it was just fantastic.  Everyone is always so nice at these things it's fun to talk to anyone and just see what's up.  The whole event was so well-spaced.  Two floors, multiple rooms, different things going on.  Just so cool.  Thanks again Heli!  We love these events!!!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,9/25/2014,325,161,6,12,12>Spare me a minuteEver since the days of Bronco Bowl's demise, the area between uptown to S. Oak Cliff has been in a entertainment desert. Those days are at an end thanks to Bowlounge. They took an abandoned bowling alley from East Texas and revived it in Dallas.The bar is expansive, almost as long as one of their bowling lanes. Pair it up with burgers by Twisted Root and you have a winning combination. It's very popular for birthdays and other get togethers. Plus there is also pool and darts while you wait for a lane to open. Wait times can be an issue. With such a huge gap in entertainment options in that area, it's not too surprising that it gets packed quick. I'm hoping more fun venues open up soon. Until then, ask for your lane, grab a burger and drink(s), and get ready to roll. Striking it up
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,9/24/2014,258,235,11,15,10>Never really understood why people enjoyed paying $10 ($8 for just the salad with no meat) for salad so much but now I understand. Salata is so life changing! It's different from other places in that you make your own salad versus choosing one from a pre-set menu. I was so overwhelmed by the amount of ingredients (which is a good thing). Honestly, I picked anything that looked remotely good to me, including the dressing. Yes, I mixed 3 different dressings together because I was so indecisive: herb vinaigrette, sun dried tomato, and fat free mango. The lady next to me gave me a funny look like I was crazy, but you know what? The combination came out to be delicious! I also really like how fresh all the ingredients are and how much variety there is in everything, including the meats (for $2) and seafood (for $3). I chose the turkey which was such a delicious addition to my salad. You may think $2 isn't worth it but man, it totally is! I was full 3/4 of the way with my salad which shows how large the portions here are. Salads have never been so good, and this place is definitely worth it!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,9/23/2014,851,315,8,18,16>Imagine for a second, the perfect pool. A place where everyone is accepted, no one judges based on appearances, the drinks are strong, the people are friendly, and the water is perfect. This is FOE. You drive down a road, then down another road. THEN, it looks like the little road dead ends. And it does. And there's a little building. This building is your gateway to heaven. Pay your $7 cover and enjoy yourself. Cheap/strong drinks all around. Table pool and swimming pool. Normal, chill, real people. Not a lot of douchebags.Can't tell you much that other people haven't already said. But a word to the wise? Go on a day off. They open at noon. Get there at noon. STAY. ALL DAY. I was there from 12-7. Drinks. Swimming. Chilling. Such a good way to spend a day off.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,9/22/2014,1510,368,6,15,11>The location is perfect. They completely renovated the old Frankie's. When you walk in a waiter/waitress reserves a table for you while you place your order at a fast food style counter. I ordered the prime time burger and added avocado and bacon. They forgot to include the brie cheese as stated on the menu but it was still a good burger without. The parmesan truffle fries were great! A large order is plenty to feed two. Make sure to grab extra napkins. The burgers are a bit messy. For anyone with a gluten allergy, they do have gluten free buns! The service is a little spotty but the place is new so I'm sure they're still going through a bit of server training. The noise level is REALLY loud. This probably isn't the best place to take a date if you're wanting to talk to each other. Overall this was a very good place and I'll continue to frequent.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,9/21/2014,264,179,7,9,7>This place combines basically most of my favorite things: wine, tea, literature, cafe/coffehouse vibe music, and EMPORIUM pies. Also, they have patio...and I saw someone bring their dog...which means this place must be pet friendly and that's a bonus. Free WIFI!VENUE: It is conveniently (or not) located in the Bishop Arts District. Old home converted (like most of the venues in this area), you might miss it. I've taken a photo of the exterior to add to the gallery of exterior photos on yelp (you're welcome). The place itself is cozy and medium sized. There isn't a lot of seating indoors (maybe enough for 20 people?) but there are benches and table outside in the back. The bookstore portion is on your left as soon as you enter and the bar is to the back near the patio. Music will be playing, people will be softly murmuring, and you'll hear sounds of drinks shaken, stirred, pages flipping, fingers rattling on keyboards, and it will be glorious.FOOD/DRINK: They serve Emporium pies, and anyone will tell you that those pies are the bomb. I ordered their tea - I was told it was not their usual tea option so I'm not sure how to review that. Either way, it was your basic green tea. They also have local beer and wine options amongst your usual coffee beverages.SERVICE: The guys behind the counter who served me were quirky. It was very busy and they were bombarded with orders left and right and they seemed to have a case of "word vomit" where they would say anything and everything that would come to their minds. It was mildly entertaining and just gave the whole place an extra something something to the whole wonder of it all.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2014,9/20/2014,156,285,8,10,14>The Old Monk is fast becoming my "Cheers" bar.Full disclosure: I live within staggering distance home from The Monk, so I pop in for brunch in the (later) morning, have afternoon libations and meals with friends and saunter up with Gal Pal for an evening or three.The beer selection is very good, with a nice rotation of "visiting" craft beers. The menu is solid for beer food, with special shout-outs to the Rueben and Fish'N'Chips.The patio and the inside are very different and both are great. The patio has that "let's enjoy some decent weather and sunshine" vibe, while inside there is the dark wood coziness of a pub. Gauge your mood and pick your location, you will enjoy either.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2014,9/19/2014,160,285,8,11,12>- "Yeah" - Tame Impala, ElephantA very unassuming coffee shop located in a very unassuming strip mall.- "He talks like his opinion is a simple fact."Walked in not too impressed. Very civil and simple. The employee, I assume the owner, is busy jaunting around back to front, back to front. He pauses as if to help me, but I tell him to keep on doing his business. I'm still looking at the menu. A moment later, he washes his hands, smiles lightly and asks how he can help me."You refill coffee?"- "Yes.""I'll take a small coffee and a Turkey Apple panini."What a great decision. Turkey apple panini...who would have guessed. Delicious. Nice crunch from the apples he sliced to order. Serrano peppers that gave the sandwich a nice bite with every bite. I was content.I'm reading, and the place is growing on me. The gentleman behind the counter exudes  kindness, caring, and attention to detail. Bouncing around all over the place. Taking care of minute details as he is the only person here. Something only a spell checker can do with my reviews, check everything."You doing ok?"- "Yea, I'm good. Thanks.""Do you need some water?"- "Please." I am a disheveled mess, papers strewn about, laptop on top of notebooks, and me holding my panini plate above a packet to read its contents.I'm at 4-stars right now. This guy cares. He really cares.Time for a study break. I read reviews about this place. Jennifer W. went gaga over the Cuban Espresso. My imagination runs a bit wild. My curiosity peaks. I've had two cups of coffee. But I want to be transported to a beach in Mexico, too.I go to the counter again. Ask him a question about a certain subject. He looks at me then down uncertainly. He doesn't want to tell me the truth. His mannerism is unassured, but he speak truth anyways. I won't divulge the question nor answer, but it was a bold move by him to tell me. I appreciate his candidness.I purchase. Look at the cup. Google time. 'Cuban Espresso'. Oh..it's sweet. I sip. Flavor pop. Wow. Awesome."That's how it is 'til the end." I'll be back. Cafe Silva won me over.
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,9/18/2014,434,194,9,16,10>As many vehicles as I see coming in and out of here it's a wonder these guys have enough time to do a proper job. But they do. And they do a damn good job!Washing a vehicle should be pretty simple right? Bring your car and add water and soap, a little bit of muscle and you have a clean car. And this place has the tools you need to get your car clean. But what is really amazing is the detail and wash done by two gentlemen who are some of the hardest working guys that I've ever seen a car wash.Not only do these guys take care of washing all of the exterior including the little things like cleaning in between the rims with small brushes, going over all parts twice and getting the undercarriage, these guys also do a hell of a job with the interior as well. This by far is one of the best detail washes I have ever gotten. The cherry on top is the price. $15 for both exterior and interior cleaning. You can't beat that anywhere in town! I cannot recommend this place enough.  Check it out!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/17/2014,686,887,24,24,15>WHOAAAAAAAA is my reaction when I first walked in. This place is huge! and it's so awesome!!!!! I could live here! They have food, rooms you could sleep in, and even movies! I thought this place would be less busy on a week day but I was wrong. Lesson learned! It's busy all the time! Best time to go is morning and stay for the whole day!First, you pay entree fee to get in. Massages, food, and alcohol are extra. Entry fee is around $25 and you can stay for the whole day if you want to. I think it's worth it. It's like a mini vacation. You're going to walk barefoot from entry way to time you exit. Make sure your feet are pedicured. When you check in, they give you these neon color uniforms you can change into. They will also give you a locker key and you can put your belongings in there. Don't lose it!They have all kinds of rooms. It goes from Normal, kind of hot, hot, really hot, freaking hot, and I CANT STAND THIS HOT to colder rooms. They also have a theatre room with movies playing non-stop. There's even a salt room! with real salt! I know because I licked it :) When you're here, don't talk too much with your friends. Don't be loud and obnoxious in the rooms. People go there to relax.
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,9/16/2014,333,41,13,22,15>Finally...the RAMEN has COME to Dallas. Do you SMELL what Ramen Hataka is cookin'? /end bad impression of the RockThere wasn't much hype about this place from food blogs, but I still expected it to be packed.  Luckily when I got there at 5:30 for an early dinner on opening day, it was not. It also happened they ran out of ramen at 7pm or so.  Luckyyyyy!The A/C wasn't an issue for dinner unlike the lunch guests' experience. The only heat I was really feeling was from the busy busy kitchen, while I was sitting at the bar.The service was spotty since it was their first day and all so that was to be assumed. The servers are really sweet though and were trying their hardest.I ordered the Chashu ramen. I feel like everything was made right. It was delicious and i  even drank all the broth. There could be a bit of improvement though. The soft boiled egg could be marinated a little better and I wanted a bit more meat like I've had at other ramen places, but it was good overall.I also ordered the Chashu buns and gyoza. The gyoza is a pretty well done. Looks like they put a whole order on a mini rectangular skillet to cook. My friend thought they didn't fry enough, but it's worth a try.  The pork buns were somewhat good too. The sauce wasn't overpowering either. It was kind of like a type of cole slaw with pork. This place is definitely legit. Possibly even too legit to quit. There's no other ramen place in dallas like it so far.edit: The skinny ramen noodles are supposedly flown in fresh from California. I assume it's from the Sun noodle ramen factory in LA who also provide noodles for well known restaurants such as Momofuku in New York to Ramen Tusjita in Los Angeles. Hand-made noodles aren't always the best. Just like Teiichi Sakurai of Tei-An says, hand made ramen noodles "won't taste good, to be honest." He'll also be getting his noodles from california for his future restaurant, Ten. Source: eatsblog.dallasnews.com/Ramen Factory: seriouseats.com/2013/09/
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,9/15/2014,240,410,6,12,9>How about this...I'm addicted.  Like, I want to move Chef Ilwon in my house and have him roll/knife it up for me each day.  My favorite is the Salmon Sushi and the Salmon Toro Sushi.  I also love the Uni.  Their 2/1 lunch special is a real score.  I'm probably going back Monday.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,9/14/2014,1668,171,7,11,10>Here is what I would like a Dallas native to answer for me: what is the deal with all of these good restaurants being in strip malls? It is blowing my mind. Such a different food geography from other parts of the country that I have lived. The methodology for eating in Dallas is: don't judge, just order. I ended up at Haystack because I needed to run errands after a week long work trip and decided to also get food "to go" for me and my husband because I am awesome at being a wife. (You might want to pick up food here to go as well because it looks like it stays very busy and there might not always be seating.)The Down on the Farm burger was perfectly cooked medium and they put the toppings on the side, so they wouldn't get soggy. So thoughtful. The Taos Chicken sandwich was everything you want a chicken sandwich to be: juicy, topped with guacamole and a little spicy. Nicely done. Both the burger and the sandwich came on those awesome egg buns, which I fully believe are the best way to eat anything. Now, we need to talk about the fries. Are these THE GREATEST FRIES EVER?!? It is quite possible. They are salty, firm and taste like actual potatoes. Amazing. But, the real reason I know they are good is because I ate half the order just getting them home and we live less than two miles away from Haystack. (It is a reliable test. Promise.) From the ordering to the hand-off of the "to go" bag, there was good service. While I was waiting, I saw multiple employees staying busy. Most of them were prepping like I was at a more formal restaurant (folding napkins and such, generally taking pride in their environment). If you decide to stay, you can enjoy a row of Maker's Mark bottles along the wall, a nice selection of beers (bottled and draft), cocktails, wine and fountain drinks. The location is casually rustic, but clean... and, again, in a strip mall. I am a convert to strip mall eating now. Haystack made me a believer.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2014,9/13/2014,51,196,2,10,7>Vegan hole-in-the-wall!I've been here twice, the first time having rice noodles with faux beef and stir-fried veggies (forgot the name), and the second time trying their new lunch buffet with assorted goods. The first dish was a little dry but tasty. The lunch buffet dishes were quite good, with an assortment of Chinese and Thai flavors. The faux meat is good, not great (though I'm looking forward to trying the "chicken"), but it feels good to not support the meat industry and all its environmental atrocities.More to the point: I like this place. The veggies are fresh, tasty, and well cooked. The place itself is tiny but comfortable. The people are nice. And their water is infused with mint and lime! Also, the metered parking down the street (by a branch of Baylor hospital, I think?) is crazy cheap...you get an hour for ten cents!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2014,9/12/2014,39,29,8,16,14>I sampled this new pizza place I've been hearing about. When I arrived there I had to look for it because it was in the corner of a shopping plaza that didn't have a lot of businesses in it. When I was walking up it was empty, and then I was a little concerned. But, I knew I just needed to give it a chance. I'm not what you would call a true pizza lover. But,  I have to take my hat off to the owner. It was great. I've never experienced what a true NY pizza taste like. But I do know this pizza doesn't taste like other pizzas that I have experienced. We got a 16" combination pizza with sausage and pepperoni. He brought it to our table fresh from the oven. I had to blot a little grease off the top. But after that it was greatness. Earlier, before we got the pizza he brought what I would describe as mini garlic rolls with marinara. This sauce was also great. It tasted fresh and homemade. I could taste some of the ingredients while I was eating. It makes you not to want it out of the can or jar ever again.  The owner was very helpful and friendly. He kept checking on us and brought extra napkins. He also packed up our leftovers and gave us more rolls and marinara sauce. I have no choice but to give this place  5 stars. Both the service and the food were outstanding. I am  definitely going back.
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,9/11/2014,1151,100,11,14,11>Super fast with friendly Service. The manager Margaret came by my table to check on how everything turned out..I suggested they carry ranch dressing because it makes any pizza happier (:Great and visible location next to pot belly off of Knox Henderson and 75. Spacious with tons of seating and will soon carry wine... Perfect for take out or fast dine in...Wood oven made in 90 secs and the best thing is the dough is thin and sugar free according to the boss lady.. So less guilty while you indulge into one of your favorite pies.. I had the margarita pizza. good for one if hungry or great to share if you want a snackNot just bc their food is good but bc of the great customer service experience I had is another reason that will have me coming back
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,9/10/2014,61,172,7,10,9>How have I not reviewed this place! This is one of my favorite Dallas restaurants (and hidden gem). It is near Crossroads Diner next to where the old Dave & Buster's used to be. The Quinoa salad with chicken as well as their Squash soup are my regular go-to dishes. Their chicken is grrrrreat! I feel so good (not too weighed down) after eating there. The service is wonderful and on the money! They really care about what the customers think and experience. They will even tell you about the photography on the walls (interesting background). Their best dessert is their rum bread pudding! Great for sharing (or stuffing yourself silly if you feel)! We have never had an issue finding a table, but as they become more popular and known, I am sure that will change. Try this place before everyone else is going there!
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,9/9/2014,197,107,5,7,8>My daughter and I went here for breakfast on a weekday and I was pleasantly surprised. We were seated in the room to the left of the bar. The dark wood and dim lighting was very cozy and comfortable. Great environment to hang out and eat. I started off with their signature house latte, and it was a perfect balance of froth and espresso. I really enjoyed it, and the temperature was just right. I had a hard time deciding what to get because they had so many great things on their menu. Since I've been on a goat cheese kick lately, I went with the fresh herb omelette. My daughter ordered the challah french toast. My omelette was fluffy and was very flavorful. The goat cheese was rich and creamy, and the house potatoes were well seasoned and oh-so-good!  My daughter liked her french toast. I thought it was pretty good, not the best I've had, but still good.We didn't have to wait to be seated and our food didn't take long to get to our table. Our waitress was very friendly and attentive throughout our meal. Coffee House Cafe has been added to my list of breakfast/brunch places I'd come back to.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,9/8/2014,446,98,3,16,14>This place is GORGEOUS!!!  It's a great mix of authentic, modern and classy. The decor is seriously to die for.  There are beautifully covered wing back chairs, tin tiles on the ceiling, tanned leather accents, recycled woods along the walls in the banquet hall.  There is so much detail in EVERY aspect of this place.  I'm a detail person ;)  I'm also a Spanish teacher, and I've traveled throughout central and south america.  Can I just live here please?I was scouting possible locations for my friend's (classy) bachelorette party in a month and a half, so I stopped in here with my mom to get a feel for it and try it out.  My friend wanted Tex-Mex or Latin food, and this place is perfect.  I would say that the food is more Latin than Tex-Mex.  The brunch menu looked delicious, but my mom and I went for the regular lunch menu.  She got the Latin Chicken Salad, and I got the Veggie Ceviche Tacos.  We both LOVED our food, and we ended up taking some of it home because there was a lot of it.  Also, the chips, guacamole, salsa--all are house made and super tasty!!This place fills an obvious void in the metroplex.  In my experience, most of the Latin food places are either a bit too fancy or way too casual.In all, I am SO glad I stopped in today.  I have definitely found the perfect location for my friend's party.  I can't wait to come back!
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,9/7/2014,74,222,5,7,9>I love finding places like El Paisa. The people in the neighborhood have been coming to these places for years, then one day you decide to give it a try and wonder why you haven't been here before now.I have passed by El Paisa I don't know how many times over the years.  There was always a ton of people in the parking lot during the lunch hour.  After talking with a couple of co-workers who have eaten often I decided to give it a try.Why haven't I stopped here before!!Now I come by for lunch almost once a week.  The prices are great and the food is excellent!The meats here are seasoned so well, it doesn't matter what you put them on it will be greatness.  I've had a tortas, burritos, and, of course, tacos!  The Pastor is my favorite, the flavor is definitely like it's from someone's mother's kitchen!  The pork is so tender.  The chicken is equally tender and juicy.  And if you like beef, the Fajita are kick ass!  The burritos are a foot long with plenty of meat and just enough beans and fillings, the meat is still king. It's a full meal by itself.  And don't forget the salsa...please add some to your meal, it's adds another layer of full flavor.Yet another great taco place in Dallas!  But it's got a lot more good eats besides tacos!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/5/2014,9/6/2014,307,314,8,11,9>Shout out to Dorothy at Nate's! I was helping plan an crawfish inspired UYE at Nate's. I called several weeks ahead and spoke with Dorothy. I explained the size of the party and how uncertain I was of a the amount of people that would show up. Dorothy and the rest of the staff at Nate's was accomodating from start to finish. I've dined at Nate's several times over the years and it's always been a fun, casual environment with good Louisiana cuisine. During my most recent visit I started with a bowl of gumbo and several margariatas. I finished with several pounds of crawfish, corn and potatoes. Typical of Dallas restaurants, the seasoning was sprinkled on the outside of the crawfish (versus boiled in the water).  I typically enjoy sucking the heads and tails but that's impossible to do because of the salt. Besides that, the crawfish were big, piping hot and tasty.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,9/5/2014,221,354,7,11,9>I've been here a few times and have yet to be disappointed.  The food is authentic and it's family owned, where the mom still does the cooking.  It's a little hole in the wall place, but usually packed with Ethiopians and other culturally inclined folks. That's how you know is a foreign restaurant/cuisine is good.  When alot of their own people eat there.  I loved all the meat and veggies.  Very similar to Indian food.  The price is good and don't be scared to eat with your HANDS!
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,9/4/2014,66,141,5,7,6>Nobu is basically everything that everyone say it is. The food is GREAT. Their fish products are fresh and their recipes are good. One of their dishes I tried (it was the squid and broccoli) was very very salty. Other than that I had no other problems. The only thing I was not fond of was their service. I feel like if you're going to charge high prices for your food then your service should be excellent. Service is just very very slow. The best thing on the menu is the cappuccino dessert, it is heaven.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,9/3/2014,143,389,5,8,8>I really have a thing for hot pot... and when my BF recommended this place I just fell even more in love with him. It seems pretty cheap... $1 veggies and noodles, $2 beef, pork, and chicken, and $3 seafood. It can really add up fast! Luckily the BF and I only spent $30 and we were more than full. We ordered udon, various pork, and beef, and a few veggies. The marinated pork was the BF's favorite. The udon was good and the veggies seemed fresh but I wish we received more for the dollar. 6 half mushrooms don't equal a dollar in my book. However the meats were more generous in serving. We tried the beef and chicken broth. I actually prefer the beef since it had more flavor than the chicken but nonetheless they were both good. I still prefer Little Sheep's broth though. The sauces were delicious! The thai one is honestly the best one. It tasted really fresh and herby and it was spicy! Can they bottle it? I would buy a case no lie. Happy hour is every day from 7 PM- 11 PM. Who can resist $2 drinks? I had the blue hawaiian and surprisingly it was quite strong. Can't believe my two favorite things have joined forces... happy hour plus hot pot = one happy me!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,9/2/2014,145,409,5,10,7>Like any other Central Market, it is on par with Whole Foods at the top of the grocery store food chain. This location matches all expectations with selection, quality, and craziness. The only real complaint that I have, and this is with all Central Markets, is the destruction derby that is the produce section. I know they've done testing and that zigzagging through the produce results in more sales, but sometimes, I just skip the entire section by the sliding door. I guess by including the sliding door to bypass the produce, they feel like they have addressed the issue. But honestly, sometimes I just get my produce from the nearby Sprouts. It's cheaper and a hell of a lot less crazy.That said, I love Central Market...any complaints are small and infrequent.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,9/1/2014,108,213,12,12,13>Definitely a fan! I wanted to try something different for Valentines Day this year so I made reservations at Kosta's.  My wife and  I pulled into the parking lot a few minutes early and her face was priceless.  She couldn't believe this was where I was taking her for our "Romantic" dinner.  To her credit, Kosta's isn't much to look at from the outside.  It's tucked away in a strip center.  That all changed when we walked in.  The interior is decorated nicely and it's dimly lit.  Each table has a candle on it.  They had Valentine's balloons tied to each table.  Nice touch!  My wife was instantly impressed.  We no longer felt like we were in a strip center.  It was actually Romantic!  We had the Greek Salad and Gyros.  Both were great choices. The salad was very good. Both of us love Greek salads and it's hard to find true Greek salads in Texas.  The Gyros were great.  The meat was perfectly seasoned and the pita was delicious.  Service was excellent as well.  The waitstaff is very attentive.  We noticed the owner checking on tables as well.  That's always a nice touch. We'll definitely be back.
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,8/31/2014,1812,527,11,14,16>Potatoes are not just your side anymore, This place offers the "Potatoes of your dream" with all of the toppings the dish is instagram and hash tag worthy.  Great fast causal concept new to Dallas and anchored in the Trinity Groves Spot.  Please come up with some Potato Flat  shirts so I can rock them... Haters gonna hate potatoes gonna potate for starters!  Def worth the trip walk the new bridge way or ride in on Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge Don't Hez a tator to come here!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2014,8/30/2014,56,83,5,9,4>The reason I like Yelp is because when places like Yoshi's open, other people can try it first, make mistakes, write about it, then people like me can read about it and walk in like we're total experts.THAT DID NOT WORK THIS TIME.I took the opportunity to come here because my Dad was in town and I just couldn't hold out on trying this place any longer. ( I caved, forgive me Christina R.!)When we first walked in, there was an intensely awkward stretch of time where we were just standing around wondering if we were suppose to seat ourselves or not because of the lack of a hostess stand or employees. Thank the higher beings that someone finally came and saved us from the embarrassment of pretending to check a text.We were seated at the counter and in retrospect we should have gotten a table because having to shout to talk to the person two seats down from you is no bueno.We ordered combinations of scallop/salmon and  scallop/beef all of which comes with a bowl of rice, plate of veggies ( carrots, onion, cabbage, spinach, enoki mushrooms, kabocha "chinese pumpkin"), udon, and glass noodles.Now here is where the truly embarrassing thing happens.After our server mixed our sauces for us ( the peanut and ponzu) and our orders came out, we were totally lost. I couldn't figure out exactly how it was that we were suppose to be "seasoning" the to-be broth. So for lack of a better idea we ( so not just me) dumped the later to be known ponzu sauce into the boiling pot of water in an attempt to "flavor" it. Well boys and girls... THAT'S NOT HOW YOU DO IT.Apparently, the flavoring of the to-be broth is suppose to occur naturally as you dunk everything into the pot. I got overzealous and tried to speed that process up.I guess i looked like I knew what I was getting myself into because our server didn't really explain how the process worked and I was too over confident to ask.SO, what I've concluded from this visit is....Just ask if you're confused and save some face.The food itself is actually pretty good once you get the process right. The sauces are are complimentary and the ending broth is to die for. I will be back and swish swishing it correctly next time around. TIPS:-ADD LOTS AND LOTS OF GARLIC TO THE WATER IF YOU LOVE GARLIC.- Ponzu ( the "sour" dark colored sauce)  DOES NOT go in the water but it definitely didn't hurt.-Don't put all your veggies in at once. Start with the hardest i.e. onion, carrot,kabocha and save the glass noodles and udon for last. They soak of the yummy broth at the end!- Scallops need 30 secs MAX. I prefer 20-25 seconds and dipping them in the teriyaki that is SUPPOSE to go with the salmon but I'm a rebel.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,8/29/2014,239,706,8,17,6>Ever since discovering this place a month or two ago, I've just been craving it almost constantly. The food is simply outstanding, and although I've only had takeout, every time I'm there, it's packed with Indian customers, which is always a good sign for an ethnic food restaurant. The decor is fairly tame, with some pictures adoring solid painted walls in complementary colors. It only holds 24 people, so it pretty much qualifies for "hole in the wall" status. But who cares about that. It's about the FOOD, and here, Coconut Express dazzles. Here's a rundown of what I've tried since I started making regular visits there:Lamb vindaloo - Very flavorful, with a rich dark sauce and a nice heat. Excellent lamb, with no gamey taste and no fat, presented in big, tender chunks. A super dish. Chili chicken - Even hotter than the vindaloo on my visit; it had a little too much breading on the chicken perhaps, but had a really good flavor.Kadai chicken - Nice, rich sauce, good chicken pieces, good bell pepper and onion pieces, nice spice but not too hotRogan Josh - Nice lamb pieces like the vindaloo, in a dark, rich sauce that isn't too spicy for sensitive mouths. Did I say the sauce was rich? I probably don't want to know how much butter or ghee is in this. Chicken 65 - Fiery red chicken bits and onion slivers make this a VERY spicy and delightful appetizer. Have some dairy product available to help put out the heat from this one. Goat pepper fry - Delicious, tender pieces of goat (some bone-in, some not) in a subtle yet flavorful brown sauce make a great dish, just be careful of smaller bone pieces as you go. Rice - Fragrant and tender, perfectly cooked, not gummy or stickyButter naan - Big round piece cut in half, not very strong butter taste, but has a good texture and works to sop up those delicious sauces. Seriously, if you live in the Allen area, you MUST try this place. My stepson had never had Indian food, but after digging in to that Rogan Josh, he's a major fan. Go there, or order on the phone and do take out. Either way, you're in for a treat!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,8/28/2014,308,111,8,16,17>Listen to how great this is--was in the store at lunch time on a Saturday getting some pancetta, spaghetti noodles and a quick sandwich (making spaghetti carbonara that night) and after checking out, one of Jimmy's two sons--Mike or Paul, I don't know them well enough to know who it was--was standing by the produce chatting with people. As I walked by after paying, he said bye to me but as he did I spotted avocados right next to him and said "Dang! Forgot avocados!" (I needed them for a salad).He grabbed two for me--I said get me two I can eat right now--he picked two great ones and under my breath I muttered "back out with the credit card..."He said, "eh, just catch us next time."I'm like, "Really?"He said, "yeah, sure."How cool is that? And I WILL get them next time. Just made a customer for life!
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,8/27/2014,70,95,6,8,9>I'm so happy we ate lunch here today!  New experience, not too expensive, generous portions, delish flavors, and a happy me :DThe place is pretty cute and in the Hawaiian theme; the walls with beaches and mountains, there are wooden tables and chairs, music plays, and the place is overall very chill.  Seating against the window for solo diners is available as well.  There are $5.99 lunch specials!  Although there was a digital menu with a big sign that said "Lunch specials," the screen's background blends in with the wall paint, and both of my friends missed it.  Each special comes in a combo of two of their meats, 1 scoop of rice, and either 1 scoop of macaroni salad or a portion of fries.Plastic utensils and various sauces (Katsu sauce, BBQ sauce, ketchup, Sriracha) are self-serve.  Food came out quickly and was delivered to our table. I've never had Hawaiian food, so I can't say what's authentic, but I can say what's good.  :)  I got the #5 lunch special-- BBQ beef and Kalua pork.  My friend got the Beef ribs, and both beefs seem to be similar in taste... reminded us all of Korean BBQ, haha ^^  The pork is moist and shredded; it's super tasty!  It has this slightly salty, smokey flavor.  Mmm, yums~  All the entrees are served on a bed of plain boiled cabbage.  Non-lunch meat portions are HUGE and served with 2 scoops of rice, easily split into two meals.  The macaroni salad was heavy on mayo, and it tasted like creamy deliciousness!  Not much of a flavor kick, but creamy carbs always get on my soft side :P  The macaroni noodles are cooked until they are pretty soft, so don't be expecting al dente.I tried a bit of my friend's katsu chicken, and it was pretty good.  The layer of fried Panko crumbs is very crisp and light.  The chicken itself doesn't have much flavor, but it's served with katsu sauce.  I loved the sweet BBQ sauce, which tasted a little like plum sauce, and ate it with everything (I mean EVERYTHING:  the rice, the mac salad, the pork, the beef, the cabbage, haha).  And for those mighty mouths and egos, there's an Aloha BBQ Challenge!  I don't remember all of it, but it's one person to finish a family meal in 30 min =  3 lbs. of chicken, 7 scoops of rice, 7 scoops of macaroni salad, AND cabbage.  Must not forget the cabbage.  Apparently it's hard to get down after it gets cold ._.At first I thought the cashier needed to turn his frown upside down, but when he came to ask if our food was good, I realized that he's just a nice but quiet person.  He made a joke later too, so don't let his demeanor get to you when you order :D  The chefs or workers in the back came out to say and wave goodbye to us too, and they were all smiles!  Daww..  Try the Kalua pork and macaroni salad.  Those two are unique in the area!  Next time (there will be a next time!), I will probably get those and add on some spam masubi and banana lumpia-- oh boy! :3Just as a heads up, parking was tricky in the lunch rush, but there's additional parking in the back!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,8/26/2014,234,215,7,20,11>If it's your first time at one of these things, you might be really, really confused. Or maybe even if it's not your first time because it wasn't my first rodeo and I was still confused.The little lockers when you first walk in are JUST FOR YOUR SHOES. In case you missed that sign... Walk in further and you'll be greeted by friendly folk who will give you your uniform. Walk past them and you'll find the lockers for your stuff! Be prepared to see a lot of naked people. I enjoyed the pools. There are a bunch of saunas with varying temperatures if you're into sweating it out. The whole place is very modern. There's also a fitness center, so bring appropriate attire if you want to work out.The Korean food was pretty good! They stop serving the American food past 9 p.m. or so. **Bring your student ID for a student discount!!!**They don't accept the Groupons/LivingSocials during weekends
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,8/25/2014,17,14,8,10,11>What a fabulously fun moving picture house! They show a great selection of talkies, and have a bar. Does it get any better?  The Angelika is conveniently located at Mockingbird Station, so you can catch the train there and back. I am a fan of the special features, like AMC Sundays and Hitchotober. During the Dallas Film Festival, look for movies paired with Q & A sessions with the film's director or star.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,8/24/2014,2651,100,48,60,54>The button burger, number eight on the menu is what I suggest here at Jakes in Uptown!  Its one great cheat meal, pure cheat meal.  It's a double meat cheese burger with lettuce, tomato, onion, mustard and key ingredient is sliced jalapeños that are sliced and deep fried.  Oh my, it's pure sin and cholesterol.  When I bit in to this heavenly / sinful treat of a burger I can hear my arteries cringe and beg for forgiveness.  First time here I asked the waitress what she recommended and it was this burger, the number eight.  Evidently they try different burgers each month, and so many folks liked this one burger that they put it back on the menu after management kept hearing the voice of their customers!  I love it when the customers tell the store / management what they like and they listen! My first time here was several years ago, loved the burger! The second time, I brought some family members, tried the number eight burger again and it was fantastic once again.  Then a little time had passed and I sat down to write a review for the place.  I started going over my notes and here it was St. Patrick's Day I had really no plans to get out, the weather was rainy, and lots of folks were out and had been drinking.After going over my notes about this simple deadly little burger, well, I had just talked myself into going right back and having it again.  It is just that good!  Simply put, it's a great "cheat meal" burger!You know I'll be back for that button burger!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2014,8/23/2014,334,126,10,12,11>This place is legit. Too legit to quit.  :)No seriously, I go here more often than any other eating establishment in Dallas. I consider that impressive since I usually rather try new stuff than stick to the old, but darn it Crushcraft, you have me hooked! Crushcraft is fast, casual, affordable, and best of all... delicious. Also, it's in uptown and *gasp* it's easy to find parking!! There's plenty of variety to choose from which can satisfy most picky eaters and palates. I've loved everything I've tried here (ok, except for the papaya salad which could use more flavoring). The khao man gai is bomb but definitely on the lighter side. The kra-pao is bomb and is more flavorful, plus, it comes with an egg and as food law says, anything that has an egg with it MUST be good. The khao soi is bomb and is unique. It perfectly balances crispy noodles in a curry broth that is both creamy and yet light and  refreshing. And lastly, the tofu fries are.... yup, you guessed it., BOMB. I've been eating fried tofu my entire life and not once did I think to cut them into fries and dip them... shame on me. Needless to say, thanks Crushcraft for bringing good Asian eats to the uptown area and not charging an arm and a leg. I will be back!
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2014,8/22/2014,326,673,9,14,11>Yum! My favorite new addition to Greenville! Crisp is set up sort of like Chipotle. Walk in, follow the yellow line to the ordering end of the counter, look up at the menu and decide whether you want one of their 10 signature salads, one of their 3 seasonal salads (on the chalkboard), or perhaps whether you want to just dictate what you want and do a make your own scenario. Whichever you choose, you have the option to make it a salad, a flatbread or a wrap. I tried the Curry waldorf, substituting celery for apples (if you don't want an item they let you choose another!). They put all the ingredients into a big bowl, dump it out onto a cutting board (which they change with every customer), chop that shit up, then dump it back into the bowl, add as much dressing as you like, and mix before putting it into the plastic take away container. The curry waldorf dressing was great - not too much curry or sweetness, and the moist tea infused raisins and grapes gave the salad a fresh taste that went perfectly with the crisp romaine. The ingredient lineup is extreme, and everything I peered at through the glass counter looked supremely fresh. I think my salad cost around $10, which I found to be entirely reasonable for the size and deliciousness. The chicken on my salad was a legit grilled chicken breast that they cut up in front of me, not that prepackaged water and nitrate added garbage they toss on the top of salads at other places (I'm looking at you Schlotzkys). They also have a few soups and turkey chili that you can purchase by the bowl or cup, mini cupcakes, and three kinds of wine you can purchase by the glass ($6) or bottle. The staff were friendly, and seemed to not dread being there or doing any of their duties. The interior space is actually a lot more comfortable than the cold clean lines let on, and they also have patio seating in front if you'd rather eat in the open air.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,8/21/2014,131,53,14,17,17>A new stop for me and a great burger! The burger choices were very nice and although I did order something from the menu, my guess is that they'll make it like you like it if you wanted to stray from their crafty choices. The counter guy was super friendly and seemed happy to be there and shared a lot of info without a lot of questions. Maybe he just likes to talk, which is great in my opinion.I had the Chillerno and it was very tasty and almost messy enough to use a fork and knife, but I 'handled' it instead. I strayed from my usual choice of the basic burger for my first try because the Chillerno just sounded so good, and it was! The grilled poblanos were soft but not mushy, so perfect for biting into a burger. I will ask for extra BBQ sauce next time as there just wasn't enough for my taste buds. The queso blanco was oozing from the burger and I scooped up plenty with the sweet potato fries. Speaking of the sweet potato fries, they were the only disappointment. Don't get me wrong, they are not bad, just way too sweet for me. It seems as if they sweeten them up some way and I'll be trying the big O rings or skinny fries next time. TVs abound and they had the Olympics on some and college basketball on others and I love sports, so it's always nice to look up while chewing another tasty bite and see sports on the screens.They have choices other than their ground beef combination. They offer Ahi Tuna, Lamb, Bison, Turkey and a chopped veggie burgers. Something for everyone, unless they just don't eat anything. They also have a small selection of craft and domestic beers, which include some from Lakewood and Deep Ellum breweries.Their Ethos is great and I love how green they are in color, at this location, and in their practices.Free wi-fi, their password is their phone number sans the dashes, 2148879999.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,8/20/2014,372,222,20,21,23>Finally a legitimate shoe boutique in Dallas / Fort Worth!If you are a sneakerhead in North Texas, this may be the spot for you. Josh W. and I found this place with our friend as we were ending our sneaker store crawl (haha). I guess this is what guys do when they're bored. Eddie, the guy who runs the shop is very friendly and is a great guy to talk to. He used to sell men's dress shoes at a department store for years, but now he's jumped over to the dark side. He admits it's a completely different animal, but his passion and his motivation to learn about all the different sneakers is great to see. The other members on the staff are very helpful as well.On the outside, it may look a little sketchy. I mean... bad neighborhood, metal bars on the windows, and the building itself used to be a liquor store. But don't let all of that fool you. The inside is filled with tons of LeBron, KDs, AirMaxes, Jordans, and so forth. They are also currently working on expanding their soccer selection as well.It seems like SportSole is in the middle of a pretty big transition. It's definitely trending up and I will recommend it to all of my friends. I hope it grows within the shoe community in the area, and that the store continues to refine its look inside and out.What a great find.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,8/19/2014,103,84,10,11,7>Holy shiza!!!!! This is a candy-lovers dream!!!!!Luckily I'm not a candy addict...well...unless that candy happens to be chocolate covered gummy bears! I had been on the hunt for these for a while, craving them like no other, and literally went to every chocolate store I could think of (ok I just went to two other chocolate stores but still) and none had them. When I stopped by See's Candy at the mall, I asked the lovely lady if she knew where they might serve them, and she mentioned Lolli and Pops. See's Candy lady, I LOVE YOU!!! (And not just because you gave me a free chocolate sample in line!)So off to L&P I went, and seriously, as soon as I walked in...I felt like I was in an old school candy shop, with just so much charm, and candy EVERYWHERE!!! There's a whole room of just chocolate candies, all different kinds, including CHOCOLATE COVERED GUMMY BEARS!!!! They were not only the most delicious chocolate covered gummy bears I've had, but they were the most fresh, and the biggest ones too!The candy is priced by the pound, and you just scoop in as much as you want into a little plastic baggie and they measure it/price it for you at checkout. The staff was super friendly and it seemed like they enjoyed their job (although, I'm convinced I would too if I was surrounded by candy all day).Great candy shop, lots to choose from, very clean, nice staff, and they have chocolate covered gummy bears (in case I hadn't already mentioned that in this review).
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2014,8/18/2014,262,320,16,24,21>Boulevardier is a cozy French restaurant in Dallas's Bishop Arts District that serves up so great dishes in great setting.  There are plenty of reviews on dinner, so this review focuses on their excellent brunch.My Overall Rating - 4 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - I love Boulevardier's atmosphere.  For brunch the impact of the Texas sun is lessened, and there's a nice shaded outdoor area you can dine at.  Inside you'll find a bar up front along with open seating (more on this later) and then the main dining room in the back.  It's beautiful, charming, & when the crowds get there it gets crowded, just not as bad for brunch.  1 Star.Service - Even when Boulevardier opens at 11 AM, if you don't have reservations you're limited to the open seating up front.  I understand this for dinner where things get busy, but during the time we were there (11 AM - 12PM) we saw the dining room only about 60% full.  When we sat up front we weren't sure who our server was.  The good news is that there are several people who assist at a time, just no point person.  This is also shows how great & efficient they are.  The staff are all on the ball, but I still can't overlook the many empty tables in the main dining are that are "reserved".  In other words, next time make reservations.   1/2 Star.  Food - Boulevardier's brunch menu makes it so hard to choose.  We had to settle for 3:  lox & bagels, biscuits & gravy, and French toast with Biscoff.  I'll start with the French toast.  The toast was nice & fluffy, but the start is the Biscoff spread, which is a sweet & creamy concoction made from cookies.  Yes.  Cookies.  The biscuits & gravy are great and served with poached eggs.  I loved this dish as well, as biscuits & gravy are an adventure in texture as well as taste.  However, it's hard to keep a dish like this hot, so the longer it took to eat the colder it got.  Lox & bagels were finished off by my wife.  She liked it so I know it was good too. 2 Stars.Will I Return? - Yes - but with reservations.  I've learned my lesson, and I'll be sure to plan ahead.  My problem is brunch is so much more of a spur of the moment type of meal, where dinners are carefully planned ahead.  Bottom line is their food is still stellar, so they're worth the visit.   1/2 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/17/2014,318,97,9,13,17>Pedestrians and bicyclists are free to roam with stunning views of the Dallas skyline in the background. Amenities include playscape, spray fountain, shade structures, chess tables and bocce court. Variety of food truck vendors daily. Some may consider this a gateway to Trinity Groves, but it's really a public space that welcomes all to eat, frolic and enjoy life. What's not to love? Thank you, Trinity River Corridor Project!
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,8/16/2014,1025,261,12,18,19>While I was venturing downtown, I needed a caffeine fix. A few years ago, I used to live on the corner of Akard and Main, and I used to go to the Starbucks in the Magnolia Hotel all of the time. I remembered that it had shut down for a while, but had since reopened, so the combination of caffeine withdrawal and curiosity led me to Flying Horse.When I entered, it was almost a feeling of deja vu. Flying Horse Cafe looks almost identical to how the old Starbucks used to look. Same set up and everything. During my visit, there weren't too many people inside, so I went straight up to the counter and ordered a caramel macchiato. The coffee was great! I normally like to order a Americano when I try a new spot, so I can get a better taste of the espresso, but this macchiato hit the spot. This particular beverage was definitely a level higher than the ones that I normally get at Starbucks. Like I said earlier, the inside decor is similar to the old Starbucks at this location if you ever went. Very small and cozy, with lounge seating, a couple of small tables and stools at the window for people watching. I'm also glad that they kept the tables and chairs outside for a better view of the sidewalk traffic and a front row seat to the exhaust fumes on Commerce.This is the perfect location if you work downtown, or if you happen to be in the area. Very nice option...and an upgrade, in my opinion, of the previous residents!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,8/15/2014,333,166,22,26,26>Reserve Wines is a small, local wine store in Las Colinas, located in the same shopping plaza as Staples and Smashburger. Parking can be a bit of a challenge, but don't let that stop you from visiting.Like I said, the store is small, so at times they will be out of your favorites. That really is the only negative. The positives are plentiful. First, it is not like some of the pretentious wine stores one may have shopped. No Thurston Howells saying "Lovey, find me a nice bottle of chardonnay." No conversations about bouquets, notes of this, hints of that. Whatever- just tell me what it tastes like!Also, the employees are not pushy. I have never encountered employees who follow me like a creeper. No breathing down my shoulder like an obnoxious car salesperson, where you want to scream, "Get the f- away from me!"  They are only a few feet away if you have a question. I had tried a great red wine from the town Puglia while in Italy and have had difficulty finding something similar here in the states. I had taken a photo of the wine bottle since I liked it so much, and once I showed the picture to the employee, he was able to find a wine similar, and it did not disappoint! Actually, he had a couple of choices. I appreciated the fact that he shared which one tasted better and that the cheaper one was his favorite--I appreciated any place that doesn't focus on upselling!
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2014,8/14/2014,205,238,30,33,28>If you've read my reviews, you know two things about me for certain: I love me some good, non corporate Q and I don't five star on the first date very often. So it was with some anticipation and preparation that I made my way to Lockhart Smokehouse on a Friday evening. Anticipation because of all the Yelp adoration I'd read about the Oak Cliff location, and preparation because I called in advance and got the low down (we reload at 6). The BBQ gods must have been with me because on my arrival at 5:30, there was a parking space out front!! Inside, there is a "joint" like front room, with a bar and in the back, a counter for ordering. Since I know they didn't start serving until 6, I sat at the bar to order a drink while I waited. The bar seating itself was full. Just then, a guy came out and said, "If you're waiting to order, you'd better line up now or it'll be out the door". Boom; the bar emptied and I snagged number 10 in line. For the next 30 minutes, I had the distinct pleasure of chatting up my line-mates and speculating on the quality of the Q we were about to experience for the first time. Would it be as good as Franklins? Pecan Lodge? We were about to see. Once I got to the order counter, I made friends instantly with Mike, the guy doing the slicing and he provided me with a little bark teaser, whereupon I asked him to marry me. He must get that a lot because he just grinned and made sure I got extra bark with my brisket. Final tally: 1 lb of brisket, 1.5 lb of ribs and 2 rings of sausage. On that last item, the folks behind me in line started to object that there wouldn't be anything left for them, but I pressed on. Got my goodies to go and snaked out the door past the long, long, long line out the door. Hope those poor souls eventually got some goodies, too. :DGot home with my treasure and may I say, I am now in BBQ heaven. It was enough food for 3-4 meals and I will most certainly be back, again, again, again.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,8/13/2014,285,64,7,17,10>My stylist moved and I needed a new one. A friend told me about Daryl at Pure Salon but when I tried to schedule he was booked up for the next month on Saturdays so they recommended Alisha for my long black hair. She was amazing! Amazing! Lets start with the salon...greeted and offered a beverage. They actually have really good coffee. Didn't have to wait long for Alisha before she took me back to her chair to talk about my expectations. Got a neck and scalp massage with a conditioning oil then headed to wash my hair. While there, I also received a hand and arm massage. BONUS! They use all Aveda products here and they smell great! Now onto Alisha...she was friendly, talented and trained by the famous Daryl I've heard so many great things about. She took her time on my hair and it turned out EXACTLY how I wanted it. The cut looks awesome and she even worked her magic to give me those sexy flat iron curls that spiral down my back!! She talked me through all the products she used so I always knew what she was doing. I was a biology/chemistry major in college and noticed by some of the things she said that she has a strong knowledge of the science behind hair and hair products. I'm impressed and will be back. I would refer everyone I know to this salon (as long as it doesn't interfere with me getting an appointment when I need one- haha)!! Thanks Alisha! Great to finally meet you too Daryl!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2014,8/12/2014,118,251,4,10,7>A boutique like thrift store is how I saw this store. The location is pretty hard to find if you're not familiar with Fair park. The store is located across from the State Fair/Fair park and in an alley like street. It's not really an alley but the street is narrow so it's pretty hard to find. Parking was difficult to find because the spaces were only on the sides of the street. I brought three items to sell but only one was "acceptable". The lady offered me 50% of the sell price as store credit or 15% as cash. With a $7 store credit I found one shirt for $5 and pair of slacks for $13. Both were like new and there was no foul odor. If you check in on yelp there is a 15% discount which I showed to the lady. She told me, after I hit 'use now', that you can't use the discount with the store credit. The lady was kind enough to let me use it for my purchase and it did help me out. I walked out spending $10 and felt excited to wear my new clothes. The layout of the store is pretty cool.. The first floor is where all the clothes are sorted and the second floor is the fitting room/office space. There are a few clothes on the second floor but they are mostly on the first floor. I like how it is bright inside the fitting room because some stores the fitting room is so dark you can hardly see the colors. I hope they move to the best city in the Dallas suburbs, Richardson. Fair park is too far for me and I hate driving to downtown because I get lost all the time. Which happened again.. I somehow ended up on I-35 and had to do a circle to get to 75...  Come up north please~
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,8/11/2014,190,305,11,14,7>Most glorious and decadent brunch in Dallas - hands down. To sum it up, it's $45/person (steep, yes, but worth every penny), buffet style with the exception of waffles and pancakes available to order, and includes 2 brunchy cocktails. Definitely make a reservation, and know that 17% is added to the final bill. It's an elegant atmosphere that stops short of being overly stuff and includes a gorgeous view of the pool area.I'm pretty sure I heard angels singing as I rounded the cheese and charcuterie collection and made a beeline for the seafood table. I'm a sucker for smoked salmon, ceviche, jumbo peeled shrimp, and crab claws (all of which are options). And my third trip (no shame) took major perseverance and focus to make it all the way through the gluttonous gauntlet to the dessert ROOM. I greatly appreciate the expediency of plate clearing so that only me and my friends knew of my trip count.A word to the wise, do not plan anything post-brunch. You will be delightfully incapacitated due to food coma.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,8/10/2014,234,122,6,10,5>I've eaten here several times now for very different scenarios. Business dinner, late night party snacks/cocktails, took the kids, and (oh yeah) sexy date night. Cool vibe. Great music. Doors open up on a pretty day and they have a patio with a great Dallas view. Ok, now for the important part, the food. In a word, great. There are items that stand out over others, but nothing has dissatisfied.#1 by far- steamed buns! This is not the bland ones you know from some awful dim sum. If you don't love these, you must be a real loser. #2 - Elotes - grilled corn. Yum.#3 - Ramen. They do special tricks while preparing the noodles... Great dish when you need comfort food. The cocktails don't disappoint and they have Sobieski Vodka which instantly impressed me. I've been around enough to know that Polish vodka is the way to go... I've been known to make a bartender earn his pay and request goofy, off the menu, this is my mood mixed with a little of this... and they nailed it. Dessert. I can often eat a great meal, even have a great drink only to be sorely disappointed when dessert arrives. Not here. On a recent visit, we tried the pineapple upside cake, and the chocolate tort special. The chocolate was dark, powerful, moist and damn good. The pineapple upside down cake had my eyes rolling in the back of my head it was so yummy. Save room! It's worth it. So, if the vibe is cool, the food interesting and delicious, the bartender puts up with your crap, and you wrap it up with a dessert that you want to rub all over your body, I guess you get a perfect 5.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2014,8/9/2014,203,237,6,6,6>5-stars just for having a store dedicated to buttons.  I bought a secondhand sport coat and several of the mother of pearl buttons were cracked or missing.  Benno's was recommended by my tailor as a source for replacement buttons.  They have a HUGE selection of styles and materials.  The staff was very helpful in matching up my buttons.  If you don't like your buttons, change them!    Note: Buttons are non-returnable so make sure you buy the right ones.
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,8/8/2014,159,166,6,10,9>This place was exactly what I needed the other night.  The patio is very large and the bar has a very open feeling. I was so happy to be able to watch 2 NBA playoff games at once on the many large TVs hanging above the bar.  The bartenders were very friendly and the service was super prompt.  I went on a Thursday, and it wasn't very busy.  I'll definitely go back.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/7/2014,541,525,21,10,10>Hey girl, hey.  I see you, looking all fiiiine.  Sitting there right on Greenville, making people stop to check you out.  I dig your vibe. I see you have a 2 hour wait on a Saturday night with no reservation, annoying.  You know what though?  I'll loiter at the bar and hopefully someone gets up soon so I can see everything you have to offer...and more?  Great!  A seat opens up, now show me what you got!  You definitely know what I like.  Cute place, crowded, loud and a great big open space.  Lots of selfies going on in this place, but I know its what you love.  You crave it. Lets start with vodka.  HG Moscow Mule made from a fresh concoction. The beet salad, mmmm I like it, homemade green goddess dressing & szechuan pecans. Show me more.  Oh yea, baby.  I'm going to build my own bowl, you like that?  Curried cauliflower, pulled chicken, brussels sprouts....oh yea, lets add an egg.  You add it right now!  So many options, but I know I did it right. Feeling satisfied.  I just love the way you cook your food, I love it how fun and healthy it is.  I see you really love what you do, make people smile.  It makes me want to make a reservation every Saturday night. I know you have more to offer me and honey, I definitely have more for you and your hot bartenders.  Wait, what?I'm sleepy now, goodnight.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/6/2014,608,886,8,11,5>We were a bit deceived by the name of the restaurant.  Having only been at Klyde Warren Park once, I thought this restaurant was ON the park...it's not on the park, it's right next to the park. :)  I got LARK and Savor mixed up.  But all is good because we had some great artwork to look at and our meal was great!For the most part, I try to look over the menu before dinner.  I want to make sure I have enough time to chose what I want to order vs. having to make the waiter come back several times because I'm not ready.  I was choosing between the Coq au Vin and Moo Krob so I asked the waiter for his recommendation.  Unfortunately, he recommended both!  I went with the Coq au Vin.Before I get to my dish, I'll touch upon the other dishes we ordered.  Prawns & Mussels with Tomato & Feta - DELICIOUS! I'm not a mussels fan at all, but with the sauce and grilled bread, it was fantastic!  The Carpaccio was well seasoned, but it's a dish I'd only order once.  Only because I'd rather eat something with more substance.We ordered several dinner dishes, but I didn't get to try them all.  However, from what I heard - the Confit de Canard was delicious, especially when eating all elements of the dish together.  The Lamb Shank was good, but not so memorable.  The New England Haddock was definitely a must-order dish!  I did try this dish and I loved the flavors in that dish.Onto my dish, the Coq au Vin.  It was absolutely the best dish of the night.  I'm not a fan of wine, but man oh man...the wine paired perfectly with the dish.  The chicken was plentiful & flavorful. Bacon & wild mushrooms were delicious - they should have that as a side dish!  Gnocci was yummy in my tummy.I was pretty full, but because I saw so many dessert dishes on yelp, I had to make room!  We ordered the Cardamom Rice Pudding & Passionfruit Coupe.  If you're a fan of rice pudding, you'll love this one.  Don't be turned off by the rose water as I almost was!  The honey, pistachios, rose water flavors all blended very well.  I liked the passionfruit coupe more because of the caramelized bananas and the macadamia nut tuille.  Definitely save room for dessert when you dine here!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2014,8/5/2014,257,612,7,12,7>I don't know much about Cuban cuisine, but I know a lot about food, and this here is yummy deliciousness. The space is small and cozy, and the staff is very friendly and welcoming especially since I was kinda overwhelmed by their menu. The cute dude at the counter made really good suggestions: cafe con leche is so different and good! I'm not a big coffee or espresso drinker, but this stuff was divine. Creamy and bitter and sweet and just right. Guava and cheese pastry was flaky perfection as was the meat filled pastry. Cuban sandwich was filled with porky deliciousness, but my favorite part was the bread! Fresh baked in house! I wish this place was on the way to work because then I would become a regular coffee drinker!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,8/4/2014,130,122,7,9,8>I had the pleasure of being at the Dallas Petroleum Club  for a formal event.  I say Dallas because there are several different Petroleum Clubs around Texas.  I don't think any of them are affiliated with each other, but they all have the same concept.  It's basically a country club environment, with out the golf course.  The Petroleum Club is a private club, so you can't just walk in off the street.  You have to go with a member or for a member hosted event, such as I did.  The Petroleum Club has a strict dress code.  Which means it's business casual or business during business hours.  And the means men are required to wear jackets/sports coats at dinner.  They also have a very strict no cell phone policy.  Which means your ringer needs to be on silent and you can't talk on your phone within the club.  But you can text and fb. :)  The club is located on the 39th & 40th floor of the Chase building.  The decor is old school dark & rich woods.  They have a formal dining room with a full bar as well as rooms for private social events.  What most people notice right away is the panoramic views of Dallas.  I'm sure I could see 10+ miles on a clear day.  The event that I was there for had 47 people.  We had a quartet playing.  Which was on the Petroleum Club's recommended vendor list.  They played everything from the jazz standards, classic rock, 60's soul and even some 80's pop music. There was something for everyone to dance too.  The quartet is a talented group.  Our event included a 4 course dinner.  The tables were perfectly arranged with matching place settings.  The servers were very prompt and attentive.  From the 1st glass of champagne to the last glass of wine, they never allowed you to have a empty glass.  As soon as each course was finished, they smoothly picked up your plate and with in minutes the next course was delivered.  There wasn't a long lag between.  Our main course was a 6 oz. filet, with grilled shrimp, mashers, and grilled veggies.  Even though it was a quality meal, this wasn't on the level of a Del Frisco's or 3 Forks filet.  But I would sacrifice a tad bit on the food for the view and the fact they served 50 steaks at the same time.  That's a major task by itself.  We also had open bar.  You can never go wrong by having a open bar.  It made the pre and post meal much more relaxing.  And of course the socializing & mingling was great.  Personally, I enjoy the Fort Worth Petroleum Club a little bit better, but the Dallas  Petroleum Club does have the better skyline view.  Would I come back?  Well duh? I'm hoping I can come back for a quaint dinner or a drink at the bar.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2014,8/3/2014,170,284,7,11,7>5 stars is probably less than it deserves, but 6 wasn't an option. Ironically, I'd been avoiding this place for a couple of years, mostly because of the cost, and then discovered the quality and PROPORTIONS are probably under-priced. The food is not cajun, but since I equate the best seafood to cajun seafood, it may as well be.  The size of the seafood items astonished me. My husbands fish was big but my paella was enormous- a pot of gold (spanish rice) topped with mussels, clams, shrimp, a whole lobster tail, and a giant crab leg with claw. Served with a warm bowl of melted, garlic butter wonderfulness. DJ's is in an older building but felt like we were right at home- but better cause it felt like being back home in Louisiana. Our server, "The Director of Controversy" was possibly the most entertaining and intriguing waiter (owner?) I have ever encountered. We discussed books, Louisiana, psychology and then even gave me a printed out copy of a psychological riddle. We will be back soon, and often : )
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,8/2/2014,514,437,5,15,7>I did not expect legit Asian food in Frisco... we ordered the steamed bun, spicy beef on dry noodle, spicy beef noodle soup, and handmade fried potstickers. Our first bite of the steamed buns, and we knew. This place is legit!Their spicy beef noodle (both the dry and soup dishes) are very spicy and a bit oily, but still gives you a good flavor. I preferred the dry noodles. The potstickers are very big, crispy, and surprisingly NOT too oily. It was perfect!Our server was a very nice and knowledgeable young girl. She made sure we got exactly what we wanted and even made suggestions/added comments about how the food was made.Will be back to try their boba and other dishes.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,8/1/2014,194,203,12,13,15>I had such a great time here during a girl's night out. I thought a Karaoke bar was an open, smokey area where you sing in front of complete strangers. Not the case at Family Karaoke. We had our own, smoke-free room with complete privacy. Since I nailed Alanis You Oughta Know, I will definitely be back for an encore performance! Highly recommend!!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,7/31/2014,236,423,9,18,10>This is my favorite thai in the north Dallas burbs. It's a small space and we are always strategically seated next to a sign requesting that kids be kept quiet and seated. I see what you did there, Noodle Wave, but... my toddler deserves it. The food... oh the food. It's just delicious. They have this fantastic lunch deal that gets you exactly the variety you want - a bit of a curry, a bit of pad thai, some ice cream, an appetizer. It's a fantastic idea. Everything we've ever had here is great and the service is attentive and fast. I think there's Singaporean influence here, so they have a wider menu than the average thai spot. It is expensive, that's true. It's lived up to the expense for me.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,7/30/2014,290,385,9,13,10>This is the place I go to when I am craving thai during the week and I need some place close from work.  I have ate here with co workers and I have done to go orders many times and have never had an issue.The man who normally rings up my order is always cracking jokes with me and always asks me if I am sure I want the spicy dish.  They add spices like how I like it.  When I say 4 star it's blazing hot, so be careful those of you who don't love the spices.I don't really eat anything other than the red or green curry, or pad kee mow, so that's all I have tried here.  Again not the best I have ever had in Dallas, but the best I have had around this area.  I highly recommend their green curry and the drunken noodles!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,7/29/2014,320,143,16,15,11>Donuts are homemade with real homemade icing. A few bites and you are sick full floating on cloud 9 donut heaven. Once you eat homemade ecstasy you can't even look at store bought or chain donuts in the eye. Someone brought Dunkin Donuts to work and it tasted like garbage compared to Mustang. I ate one quarter of the chain Donut, threw it in the trash and vowed never to commit Donut adultery again. No scarlet A for me, I want a big homemade dripping with thick icing letter 'M' for mustang on my chest. Just to give you a lil background, I live in the neighborhood and often ran past this joint and smirked at the 'screw your health' donut line goers.But after sharing one with Ma and Sis, I know why donut party line goers are all smiling and screwing their health. These babies sell like Hotcakes for a reason and are worth the calories.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,7/28/2014,238,86,8,18,14>Palmieri Cafe, is not only a place to get authentic Italian pastries, but along with the warm pastries the warm hospitality from Corrado Palmieri. The owner being from Lecce highlights many the Apulian city's traditional heavenly goods with the dedication that only a true zen master of his craft can have. There are no shortcuts in these products. NO preservatives, no fake butters, or fake creams nothing that would not be used in southern Italy 100 yrs ago. Only wholesome, real ingredients, and lots of work and dedication to bring about these hand crafted pieces of pastry gold. On my first visit I tried a Calzone di vitello, the dough was perfectly soft, with just the right amount of fluffyness to encompass the deliciously savory meat, and tomato filling. It tasted like home.  The Rustico di Spinaci was a perfect balance of soft, and flaky with an exquisite ricotta, spinach filling that was enough to complete my transportation back home.  Come to the Farmers Market shed 2, order anything from Palmieri Cafe, close your eyes, take a bite and be prepared to be transported to Italy. This is a Must try for Anyone in the Dallas area!Buon Appetito!
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2014,7/27/2014,262,55,6,8,6>Three crispy tacos for just $2.50.  So I splurged and added rice & refried beans to boost the price of my lunch to just four dollars!I'm giving this four stars for low prices, fresh food, and speedy service.  -1 one point for beef tacos which were somewhat bland.  Note: their ground beef is mixed  with white potatoes - which makes for a very bland beef taco.  But their chunky beef taco was also bland, and only partially rescued by some amazingly good and hot green salsa. And, although they included a red salsa - something seemed strange about it to me.  Their red salsa tasted something like Asian Sriracha hot sauce, so I couldn't cure my craving for authentic TexMex heat with that.  So, although this may not be a five-star experience (it's in a garishly yellow-painted 1970s-era ex Taco Bell with Mexican soap operas blaring in the background) considering the price, food quality and speed of service... I'll be back!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,7/26/2014,198,446,7,8,9>ok...so i totally stepped outside my element today & let my manager talk me into going for Indian food!! glad i did!! this is a nice small spot...very clean & very aggressively friendly :-)they have a menu to order off of or you can choose the lunch buffet for $7.99...buffet it is!! that way i was able to try a little of everything & that i definitely did!! i can't remember the names of everything but i had chicken, veggies, rice, soup, naan (i do remember the bread...very good & fresh)!! it was all very tasty & seasoned out of this worldmy manager would eat Indian food every day...me on the other hand...i'm game to go back...just not a daily or weekly event!!
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2014,7/25/2014,5,3,8,19,13>Where do I even begin with this place?We originally found it on yelp while trying to find somewhere good to go. When we got there I admit I was skeptical. It was kind of in an unknown area and there wasn't anyone there. In fact we debated back and forth about going in or not but let me tell you.It was the best decision ever made.First off my girlfriend loves tea and when she saw the mint tea she just had to have it. I was, again, thinking it would just be tea and who cares right? I was so wrong.  This tea should be on everyone's bucket list of stuff to try before they die. Your life is not complete without this hot tea. Add a little sugar and nothing will ever compare. Enough about mint tea (it's amazing), let's get down to food. We're novices to the place but not to the food. As such we got the Blue Olive Combination Extraordinaire which you might think is pretentious but you would be wrong. You get 11 different items with it. No joke 11! Gyro, Swarma, Kabob, rice, and dolmas to name a few. That includes two dips that blow other places away. Sorry Zorba's I still love you but I have to cheat on you with this place. If there's one thing my girlfriend knows, it's hummas both store bought and fresh. She adored this hummas. This isn't store hummas, that's crazy talk. This is amazing hummas you will not soon forget because it is  that good. It has olive oil on top that just mixes so well and it is so creamy. Now me? I'm a tzatziki girl (also know as Grecian and other names depending on culture.) and I'm hard to please. This was good, I mean really good. I mean so good you'll make yourself miserable by putting it on everything. Don't pass up on this. It was thick and creamy and I wish I was hungry again so I could eat more.All of the meat was tender, properly seasoned, and beyond good. There was nothing we didn't like and we will absolutely get it again. I seriously cannnot wait to be hungry again. Also they use belly cards. This was my first time doing it and it's a cool idea. Oh and I can't forget the people that work there. Chef is cool and obviously has experience, my kudos to him and his kitchen. Everyone else is friendly, attentive, and welcoming. The place is small but a fantastic find.Seriously check this place out. They have a good sized menu and it's something you must try. They even do to go orders in case you need to take your dinner home before the family gets home so you can pretend you cook.Now quit reading, get out of the car and thank me later.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,7/24/2014,872,124,8,19,12>I'm overdue to update this review.   Not that anything has change. I still have only visited for Sunday brunch. The service is still as great as it was the first time I visited (over 2 years ago).  Now when I visit I tend take a seat at the bar as Bolsa has some of the coolest bartenders around.   It's cool to sit there and "chop it up" with them along with other folks sitting at the bar.  The food is still as fabulous as it has always been. I order my usua: the Brunch Burger which I wash down with a few Mad Hatters (vodka, champagne, fresh berries and lemon zest).  Then I finish off my visit with a Stubborn Mule (Bolsa version of the Moscow Mule). On occasion I've been known to have the bruschetta and a salad.  Both are delicious but cannot replace the Brunch Burger.   On top of the great service and fabulous food I love the vibe this place gives off on a Sunday afternoon.  Very energetic but laid back; relaxing.   At some point I will have to visit for dinner.   But then again, why chance it.  This is 'my brunch spot' and I'm ok keeping it that way.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,7/23/2014,248,375,9,12,9>Yes to all of it!!! If you LOVE FRIED anything, please come here! Where you will be feed like a KING! This place will not disappoint you at all with their oversized family style poritions of amazing sides and platters. You have a choice of Fried Chicken, Fried Tenders, Chicken Fried Steak or Fried Catfish!! The portions are hugh and trust me, you will try to eat it all! Now for the sides, they just keep coming, Its unlimited! And its all to good to be true!! But you know what else is to good to be true?? Its BYOB!! WHAT WHAT WHAT! And yes yes yes we sure set it up nice. We brought in a cooler of ice cold beer to eat with our fried chicken!!! Please come here and bring your entire family, friends, and community! Its a lot of fun! And when you leave, you are sure to take a nap!!! Now that's good eating!
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,7/22/2014,85,165,6,8,7>Quick hits: Great food- we have been here twice for brunch now, and we have enjoyed everything we have tried. High points were the Blackened Chicken (served atop cheese grits and a fried egg, topped with Cajun hollandaise sauce), and the grilled cheese (stuffed with shredded pork and something ridiculous like four kinds of cheeses, accompanied by a marinara dipping sauce).Great beer selection- zero complaints here. Lots of locals, very nice rotators, knowledgeable servers who are able to make good recommendationsMeh-tastic cocktails- I feel like I now have a large enough sample size to conclude that I will forego cocktails here from now on. I have tried the Iron Horse on two separate occasions now (Hendrick's, cucumber, basil, simple syrup, soda), and usually I adore drinks like this...but for some reason, this incarnation just tastes watered down and boring to me. The Brazilian (cachaca, lime, simple syrup, pineapple-anaheim chili puree)  was downright funky tasting- the chili was overpowering without being interesting, and it did not compliment the overwhelming sweetness of the pineapple as well as you might imagine. Service has been consistently solid and friendly. I enjoy their little patio. This is a nice spot for brunch and libations when you don't feel like tolerating a giant, obnoxious crowd. And for uptown, it doesn't feel overly pretentious, which is certainly a bonus in my book.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,7/21/2014,236,272,9,10,9>Why, oh, why has it taken me SO long to discover Mr. Mesero? I wouldn't have even thought about it as a lunch option had it not been for my oh-so-reliable Yelp app. Then I remembered some of my neighbors saying that this place was the real deal, and my mind was made up. My bf and I were hoping for an eye-opening experience, and we were not disappointed. The chips and salsa we were brought were refreshingly different from every Mexican place I have been to. There was a very mild red tomato salsa, and a spicy version with yellow tomato called Pachi-Pachi. Don't ask questions...just eat it. The pickled vegetables were fantastic. The pickling jar was clearly visible from where I was sitting, and I entertained the thought of running off with it a couple of times. Next came an order of the guacamole clasico. Ho-ly crap...best guac I have had at any restaurant, hands down. The spice from the serrano pepper in it hits you a bit after you swallow a bite, which I particularly liked. The entree I chose was the Combinacion Dos. One cheese enchilada with the BEST chile con carne sauce I have ever had, and one shredded chicken enchilada with what I swore was crack in queso sauce. I savored every single bite like it was my last meal on Earth. The rice that came with it was wonderful, and the taste and texture was very much like the rice my mother makes. Both my bf and I cleaned our plates and sucked out every last bit of the delicious cocktail we shared. Major points to this place for using Herradura, one of my favorite tequilas!Mico hit a home run here. I love new food discoveries, and this has been the best for me all year. The young lady who waited on us was knowledgeable about the menu items, and always had a smile on her face. That made the meal even more pleasant, in my opinion. You won't find the typical Dallas run-of-the-mill Mexican food here, and that was the best thing about my experience. I am smitten with Mr. Mesero, and I absolutely can't wait to return!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,7/20/2014,172,285,12,14,14>Deliciously crispy, piping hot Korean chicken wings, kimchee slaw, and a cold beer. If I'm going to have a YOLO eating day, Bonchon's wings are well worth it. Tender on the inside and crispy on the outside, with the lovely sweet sauce. Get it spicy for a real kick. Each order comes with a side of pickled daikon, the perfect compliment to the spicy hot wings. Prices are comparable to other wing places, but taste is definitely preferable. They have a variety of sides such as the kimchee slaw (highly recommended), rice, and fries. Service is courteous and quick. Great place to chill out with friends or catch a game. They also have specials Sunday through Thursday!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2014,7/19/2014,242,97,10,14,13>A new local hot spot! Opened in march, where was I ?Diane and her family have found what Dallas has been lacking. German fare!Great beer selection and a full bar to boot. ( pun intended)There is a giant pretzel that could feed a family of six. And the brats are big enough for two. Communal drinking and dining just like in the mother country! Staff are friendly and always happy to serve. Can't wait to celebrate Oktoberfest here. Looking for a new alternative to the usual? Check this place out. You may enjoy something new and different here.Great job guys. We will be back.Heli and the Yelp family out did themselves again! This summer is shaping up to be spectacular ! New and old yelpers were out and about. Beautiful weather!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2014,7/18/2014,167,30,9,10,14>Five stars for seriously the best pizza experience ever. We were in Deep Ellum for the art festival that sadly was shut down because of the rain and cold weather. After stopping at a few places we ended up at serious pizza on the way back to the car and I'm so glad this is the place we decided to eat!! We walked in and sat the "bar." I say "bar" because it wasn't like a bar that holds alcohol but a bar that has giant pizza ovens behind it and people flinging some huge pizza dough!! I ordered just a personal slice with pepperoni, sausage, and jalapeños! Along with a blue moon. I wish I could remember the young man and girl we were talking to behind the counter because they really helped to make our experience awesome. We sat up at the bar and were laughing and talking with them the whole time we were there. **cool thing I noticed about the employees: they pulled a large pizza out of the oven and the guy goes "eh it's kind of burnt. I don't want that going out. Let's whip them up a new one asap." And he threw the WHOLE pizza in the trash!! It wasn't even that burnt. Awesome to see how much they care about their customers satisfaction and the food they send out** The pizza was freaking delicious. Nothing I love more than a large pizza slice you fold up and with every bite you get a seriously awesome explosion of flavor. Like the pictures and reviews show, the slices are HUGE. While we were sitting up at the bar the girl goes "soooo y'all want an extra slice of pizza each? Cause we made two of y'all's." Hahaha it was so funny. We said yes! Of course! I don't know how in the hell my boyfriend did it but he seriously sat there and downed two of those bad boys and two blue moons. I could only eat one slice and took my (free) extra slice to go! While sitting at the bar we befriended lots of fellow pizza eaters and employees. It was a great first experience and I can't wait to go back. Love this place!!
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,7/17/2014,193,251,12,10,5>Wow it's been some time since I last visited the Meca known as Hypnotic. This time around I skipped past the glamorous donuts and went straight for the chicken biscuits (There's a few new options now). I ponied up to he counter to make my order and was talked out of getting the Amy and Maribeth and was told the "Jim" (named after the owners Dad) was the one to get. So it was, the order was changed and the fate of of the rest of my day was set on a new course. I chatted the owner up as I waited for my chicken and when it arrived I quickly departed for home to devour what I expected would be a great breakfast. I wasn't exactly sure what I had ordered when I got the "Jim" but I knew it came with a side of saracha and like a line from Pulp Fiction "___ ___ that's all you had to say" I won't try and describe it to you, how can anyone describe something so beautiful? Words cannot explain the Mona Lisa or the Birth of Venus and words cannot describe the "Jim". I will however cut and paste the description from their website however inadequite it may be, its the best I can do for you: "Special blend of chicken breading and spices sandwiched between a toasted glazed donut that is turned upside down so the glaze can melt on the hot fresh chicken. Served with a side of Saracha" I know its just words and while a picture is worth a thousand of them, a taste is worth a ten thousand times more. Your fingers are going to get sticky, this is a minor issue as you're probably going to drool into your own lap after the first bite. Some people will be brought into a catatonic state of helplessness after having thier first dose of sugary, spicy and savory chicken. Others will attempt to devour it as quickly as possible to prevent anything from stopping them from eating it. What ever kind of person you end up being. Do yourself a favor and sit down to eat it. Remember:Friends don't let friends "Jim" behind the wheel. Accidents can be avoided by eating at Hypnotic Donut.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,7/16/2014,187,236,12,12,10>I really, really, really like Roti grill. Like, REALLY, REALLY like. I would tell it I'm in love with it, but I think that's moving a little fast and would scare it off. So I'm going to say I'm half in love with it.Have I had better Indian food? Yes. Absolutely. But have I had Indian food of this quality so conveniently located (not counting my roommate's food)? No. It's 7PM, it's winter, and I don't want to drive all the way to Irving. I want food NOW.Things that are great--I like the casual atmosphere. I like that you can come here for a quick bite to eat, or you can make it more of an hour ordeal if you really want to. The waitstaff don't care, and will fill your glasses accordingly.I like the portions. Yes, things are expensive-ish, but, look, I'm paying 15 dollars to get a vegetable side dish, a meat dish, naan/roti, rice, and a small dessert. Sure, they're small portions, but I'm still super stuffed by the end of it. WORTH IT. And that's only if you get the lamb/chicken/whatever platter, which are a little more expensive.Considering how lazy my friends are, and how they refuse to drive outside a 3-mile radius from their house, I'm definitely coming back here. With an emptier stomach.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2014,7/15/2014,23,12,10,10,8>Are these pies related in any way to the Campisis pies? Legend has it as yes and they're awesome. In both cases. Family disputes aside, you'll love the pies, the pasta, the salads and the service. Be sure to ask for green onions if you're so inclined and extra sauce: the red sauce is magical, like all good things in life. Enjoy!
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,7/14/2014,209,195,7,13,11>I was going to make it 4 stars but there's nothing negative about our dinner at Anamias. The place was packed last Friday night. Our wait was reasonable. The hostess's were friendly. We started with melt downs at the bar. They were excellent and service was fast and efficient.After we were seated we ordered the tableside quacamole. There were four of us and not all wanted spicy, so he left the small dish of chopped jalapenos with us. Two of us managed to finish them off. The guac was delicious! The manager came by and we asked for suggestions. They were spot on. I had the shrimp brochette and the shrimp were fresh and flavorful, the bacon not overpowering. Another had the Poblano a la Parrila, the stuffed poblano pepper. It was fire roasted, not battered. and very good.the other two dishes were the fish tacos and a combination dish.  We enjoyed the whole meal, and the service was great. We always eat lots of salsa and we were never without. And the drinks were never empty.Wish Anamias was closer to my house.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2014,7/13/2014,895,667,12,15,10>I was here this weekend for a birthday party. Seems bdays come along so fast, so doing something a little different was fun. My friend rented the party room for an hour. It's just a room with plastic picnic tables. No idea the price. We didn't check in or anything just went to the room and set up. Being adults we knew when our hour was up and packed up and left the room. We all decided on the pick three things package which included mini golf, go karts and tokens for games. All were fun if nothing else for reliving our youth. But seriously some of the put-put holes were challenging. Lots o balls in the water. : ) The go karts were fun. Just what you would expect. I had mine floored and never got out of last place, though. In fact some kid lapped me. We found enough games to blow our tokens on, and then a few more. Pulled our tickets for some candy and a slimy thing for someone's kid at the prize bar. The thing, this place is manned by young folks. Who cares, though. I'm not there to be catered to. It's a kids place for pete-sake. Overall, this was the cheapest fun I could ever have on a Friday night. And it's really not that far from Dallas.  Want some cheap kinda ghetto fun, go!
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,7/11/2014,151,88,6,11,7>This place is a great place to bring a date if they're not into the liquor / beer thing.  As you've probably figured out, it's a wine bar that also serves food so it's a perfect one-stop destination.Wine-wise, everything I've had here has been to my liking.  It might be because I drink a little too much or it might just be because they have solid choices on their list.  I couldn't tell you which, but I've liked everything I've imbibed so far.In terms of food, I can't say that I was all that impressed.  I think there was a big burst of popularity of putting truffle oil on everything two years ago and I'm just not a fan.  I've had the truffle fries and the truffle mac and cheese, but they are not dishes I would rave about at all.  Honestly, I come here mainly for the wine and I think they do a great job with that.The atmosphere of this place sort of differed each time I've been here.  On slower nights, it's more romantic given the relative peace, dark atmosphere, and generally chill music.  On a more popular night (like a Saturday) it gets as loud and raucous as Flying Saucer on a Monday.  I'd say that this is a great place to go with friends on the weekends and a great place for dates on the weekdays.Service is great and probably to be expected from a place that focuses on wines.  Every time I've been there, the server has been very knowledgeable about the wine list and has been able to suggest something to our liking.  This is definitely a high point of this place and they'll be able to help you figure out what to try if you've never indulged in wine before.All in all, I've had great experiences here and would recommend this place for friendly gatherings or date nights.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2014,7/10/2014,47,94,6,12,9>I couldn't help but to go back because it's so close to home. And I just love how the leadership staff send you messages on yelp.   It makes me feel like they actually care about their customers. So I went back on a Thursday around 2pm. I'm so disappointed I cannot remember my waiters name. He was so good. He was friendly, attentive and fast. He was so good that I wish I could take him with me to every restaurant I go to. I mean this guy was so good that my napkin went flying off the table and he appeared out of no where catching it. (It's the little things that make me happy clearly)Needless to say, the service was awesome. The crablegs and crawfish seemed like they were even better than normal.   I don't have one complaint about my visit. Shell shack I will see you next week!!!
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,7/9/2014,189,181,11,17,12>All I have to say is the The "dude" from Maple and Motor has done it again. They have managed to maintain that fun and inviting atmosphere you find at M & M and move it a lil' ways down the road. It's definitely a mix of the decor and awesome staff that makes this a great stop-in for lunch. I was actually leaving my favorite spot for lunch right across the street and happened to look up to see the immense pile-up of cars and long line at The Slow Bone and made a mental note (and Yelp Bookmark). Did some digging and  Mary S.'s metaphor to the "slow burn" along with quite a few other folks agreement had me thinking..."since most of these folks are still giving this place a pretty solid rating, it has to be good...or at least worth to try".And BOY am I glad that I went ahead and pulled that move. YES, the prices aren't ideal and for me getting a good deal factors into my rating...but I DO endorse the 'go ahead and give this place a try' nod. I've tried the brisket, chicken, and ribs (not all at once) and it was all some good eating. The sides are the jam as well. The standouts that I suggest are the Brussels Sprout and Cauliflower Casserole and Mac n' cheese (some of the best I've eaten). It's a fairly straight-forward set-up, you're in and ordering your meats and picking your sides from behind the cafeteria-style prep area and you're off to the races to find a seat. Not much of a wait since things are smoked/prepared hours in advance. That brings up 2 points for me: 1. The hours say they're open until 3pm, but the closer it is to 3, the higher probability that they run out of a meat...so be prepared for that trade-off of less people and possibly less/no food. 2. I would say that I really enjoy this place for the smoked/grilled meats and sides but not "BBQ" per se. BBQ entails the sauce and I'm not a fan of it straight up, there's just not enough of a kick to it. They do provide ketchup and sriracha to spice up the sauce and that improves things, but for me...nah, it just doesn't do it. But I don't need my meats drippin' in sauce to enjoy them.  All-in-all the slow bone is a definite get over and try it out restaurant for lunch.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2014,7/8/2014,437,240,7,10,8>Good yogurt choices and clean. They have the toppings that most of the other self-serve yogurt shops have. Oh, and they have T-Shirts, which are great if you are in the market for a t-shirt with frogs on it. We went on a cold night, so I probably would have enjoyed Sweet Frog more if it were a warm day. Nonetheless, it will hit the spot if you are on the prowl for fro-yo.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2014,7/7/2014,255,323,18,12,11>My brain is shorting out with all of the masturbatory jokes bouncing around about a hand-pulled noodle shop called Monkey King Noodle Co.  My head is like the ginourmous alien mothership at the end of Independence Day that gets infected by Jeff Goldblum's Macbook.  Just crazy zaps and shit all up in my cabeza.  I'm praying that I get my "Welcome to Earf" moment with Will Smith when the dust settles down.So, Monkey King.  I'm a fan.  I've had a few dishes there and my highly scientific ranking of said dishes is:1) Spicy Peanut Noodles2) Wontons with Spicy Chili Sauce3) Beef Noodles4) Pork Dumplings5) Soup Dumplings6) Dan Dan Noodles7) Baby Bok ChoyAt number seven, BBC is obviously the clear loser in this epic noodle battle.  I mean, it doesn't have any fucking noodles in it.  HOWEVER, this dish is still a winner in my book.  Grilled baby bok choy drowning in garlic goodness?  It's a bit much for one person, though.  I'd suggest splitting it with somone, otherwise by the time the last floppy, yet firm cylinder of veg hits your mouth, you've hit the wall.Spicy Peanut Noodles are perfection in a lukewarm, wax lined cup.I'd stick with Pork Dumplings over Soup Dumplings.  The flavor profile was pretty much the same, but you don't have to deal with all the nipping & slurping involved with a soup dumpling.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,7/6/2014,86,134,18,25,20>I've been here twice, both times during brunch on Sundays for a friend's birthday. Being brunch, the place was understandably packed both times. The service was friendly and quick. On my second visit, my two friends and I were seated at the community table which wasn't so bad with their divider.The first time I ordered their chicken and waffles because the entire table of about 10 people did. I am so glad, it was delicious and maybe the best I've ever had (plus I got two extra eggs on accident). The second time, I got the chicken & waffles again but it was definitely not as good as the first. Sad day. But honestly, everything on the menu looks good to me so that will give me a chance to try something else next time!Their whiskey cake? So. Good. So moist and perfectly paired with a giant dollop of whipped cream.. Oh, I will have to start getting that during every visit!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2014,7/5/2014,275,233,9,12,8>Pluckers just opened up in April and I've visited three times during their Training Service mode and once when they officially opened up. In all of my experiences at this Pluckers, everything's been up to par with the other locations that I'm used to-- it's a wonderful addition to the other 350+ restaurants off the Belt Line strip :)I love Pluckers for their food & atmosphere and am excited that Addison finally has a location-- Pluckers is known for their Chicken Wings so I'd highly recommend that and only would recommend other entrees if you're really just not in the mood for Wings. Appetizers: My favorite things to get are the Fried Pickles which are lightly battered spears which ingredients are a secret (I know the secret, just ask me! Hehe), I also had the pleasure of finally trying the Holy Macaroni which is deep fried Mac & Cheese with their awesome strawberry & chutney sauce. Sides: I highly recommend the "Buffalo Fries" which are Waffle Fries that are tossed in whichever wing Sauce you like-- my favorites are Spicy Ranch, Lemon Pepper, Cajun in that order. I also enjoy the Sweet Potato Waffle Fries which are sprinkled with cinnamon sugar so gives that nice sweet taste. Main WINGS: 5-10 wings per person is usually a very good amount and you can ask the server to try the flavors if you'd like to sample a few. My favorite here are Spicy Ranch, Gold Rush, Buffalo Medium and I actually always "double toss" my wings which are a combination of any seasonings/sauces you'd like-- it's better to toss with a dry rub & wet sauce which I do Gold Rush (wet) & Spicy Ranch (dry)... Very sizable wings here and I prefer Puckers over any other WING joint chain!Definitely love everything about Pluckers and also even their Members Card specials... SO worth it. Can't wait to try them out once they open next week-- for now, 4 Stars-- I'm a Fan!LOCATION & PARKING: It's bit difficult to find but if you're familiar with the area it's in the "Village on the Parkway" complex across from Social House. Parking is fine in the area, keep circling around until you find a spot-- Will definitely be difficult on the weekends.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,7/4/2014,290,376,7,12,10>El Corazon, I so wish you were closer to my neighborhood, 'cause I would be there at least weekly.  On the other hand, maybe your location is a good thing, as my waistline would suffer greatly.We've been fans of Tejanos for years, stumbling on it quite by accident many moons ago.  So we headed south one Sunday afternoon for a return visit and discovered it was now EC.  Okay, we'll still give it a try even with trepidation that things may have changed.Nope, nothing appears to have changed but the name.  Still owned and ran by the same family quite to our delight.We opted for a comfy booth in the small bar area.  Our friendly server/bartender, Jackie,  greeted us quickly and we ordered our favorite liquid appetizers; one Miller Lite for him, and of course, in any Tex-Mex establishment, I gotta have a Top Shelf margarita.I knew when I saw my marg that it was missing that beautiful golden color from the right amount of Grand Marnier.  After a quick taste, I asked Jackie to add some more GM which she did with a smile, (and at no extra charge) and all was well in the world.  Absolutely one of the truly perfect TS libations.  Yummmmm.Jackie was so welcoming and took the time to give us the history around the name change,  What a cheery individual and so enthusiastic about her job.  Chips and salsa?  Drum roll, EC must have known I was coming.  Warm, wafer thin, oily, salty chips, the only kind I enjoy and these couldn't have been better. Right up there with my favorites @ El Fenix.  Loved the chunky salsa with cilantro.  Only downside; we ate so much of these crunchy morsels, we filled up before even deciding on our entree.Therefore, we decided on a half order of the Super Nachos with fajita grilled chicken.  These babies were over the top on the delicious scale. Crispy, chewy, cheese-iness.  Six round disks of tortillas, topped with the protein, beans, lettuce, tomatoes, pico, jalapenos, cheese, fresh cilantro, and sides of sour cream and guacamole.  For a half order, the serving was more than we could finish.  Photo attached, you'll see what I mean!Our visit couldn't have been more pleasant.  Friendly attentive service by Jackie, tasty drinks, great food and most reasonable pricing.  $9 for a large goblet of  TS margarita is a bargain!EC is a gem in OC; we'll find an excuse soon I hope to make the trek down South from up here in the North; it's worth the time and gas.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,7/3/2014,68,224,17,19,20>I thank God everyday that Alamo Drafthouse opened a location in the DFW area. I'll break this into two parts. The first part is solely for Glass Half Full (the bar) and the second is for the movie theatre:Glass Half FullI go here every Thursday because of Geeks Who Drink trivia. Not only is the staff knowledgeable, awesome, and chill, but the drink menu here is unreal.  They have specialty drinks here that are homemade and you will find nowhere else. The pricing is also super competitive, so that's cool. And where else can you watch a re-run of Face/Off with a beer, during trivia, with bottomless popcorn? Which brings me to the actual theatre...ACTUAL THEATRE PORTIONThere are several wins that I want to mention for Alamo Draft House as a whole. The reserved seating is a win. The pre-movie videos before the trailers always keep me interested. That's a win. The menu for food and drinks during the film? Yep, you guessed it. A win. And the staff? That's a lose. Just kidding, you fucking moron. Of course that's a win. So many wins. So. Many.10/10.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,7/2/2014,325,161,25,29,23>Knead to KnowOne of the things I love with my morning coffee, on a weekend, is a soft pastry. A freshly made, still warm, "pan dulce" (sweet bread, but not the beef kind). I love knowing that less than a 5 min drive is Panaderia El Sol (Sun Bakery) where they make fresh bread every day. I normally like an early morning bread run, to pick up Conchas, Empanadas, cake, donuts, marranitos, among my favorites. Now, I could try to explain what each pastries looks and tastes like. On the other hand, the bread here is so cheap (most pieces run about 50¢, that for $5 you could easily bring home a couple of bags full to try out and discover your own favorites. Pick up a platter and some tongs and get to picking.Who kneads more?
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2014,7/1/2014,1511,368,8,15,9>Love love love this place. I came here after I had gone to Avalon Salon and they ruined my hair. Mari fixed the horrible color job they did and made me look normal again. She was so sweet and listened to my every request. I love the style of the shop. It's incredibly clean, everyone is so friendly and it's reasonably priced! I'll be coming here from now on and I recommend it to anyone!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2014,6/30/2014,58,39,7,15,8>I am big fan of dumplings and steamed buns and happy there is now a place close to my home and work where I can get good quality ones.First of all, the sign on the building still says Hunan Dynasty, which may lead to a little confusion. Not a big deal as all the signs on all the doors have been updated to Dumpling House and its just a matter of time before the sign on the building gets updated. Just don't freak out when you are looking for it and don't see a sign saying Dumpling House. Certainly a good sign when you walk in, a majority of the people eating here are Asian. The dumplings are excellent. They had a great texture (didn't get soggy) and had a lot of flavor. The steamed buns were also excellent. Be careful as they are ridiculously hot when they first come out. Next time I need to make sure to try the pancakes as well as a fried dumpling dish.The restaurant is on a hill so if you are sitting on the East side of the restaurant you get a pretty good view of the area. I think its a little over priced but still plan on making returned trips here because "it is yum" (that's what my little boy says when he tries something he likes).Favorites- Tianjing Goubuli Steamed Bun- Pork & Cabbage Dumpling (steamed)- Shrimp & Pork Dumpling (steamed)
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,6/29/2014,135,145,9,10,4>Was excited when I saw this open up and then ended up with a coupon for a free pie, no strings attached! Well, okay then - I'll give it a shot!I was completely ignorant of the concept, and the man behind the glass seemed offended when I said, "Oh, it's like Subway!" But hey, it's like Subway. You can see all the ingredients and they make to order. I tried the chicken pesto pizza and thought it was pretty great. Even went back the other day for another one. For what it is, and for the price, I like Pie Five. It's good in a pinch and since it's fresh and thin crust, I don't feel like a total fat ass even though I'm eating pizza.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2014,6/28/2014,156,285,12,16,9>In the case of Sweet Georgia Brown, the sides really DO make the meal!You shouldn't go there for the decor. It has a more than slightly "worn" feel to it, but it is not without its spartan cafeteria-like charm. Upon entering you turn left to enter a little cattle maze to put you in line to order, cafeteria style (see a trend here?).You shouldn't go there for the country-fried pork chops.Although a tub full of freshly made chops tumbled into the warmer seconds before 2 were plucked out and in put my styrofoam container (playtz? playtz? We no need no stinkin' playtz!), I subsequently cut through my container more easily (and more successfully) than my pork chop. The flavor? Meh.You shouldn't go there late.It appeared that when we went through the line at 1:45 pm on this particular Saturday they were only out of fried chicken, but many people in line warned us that a lot of the proteins are completely sold out by that time on most days.Then why SHOULD you go there?The sides, the sides, the sides. Did I mention the sides? All of them looked fantastic and you get 3 included with your meal. My choices: black-eyed peas, cheesy broccoli and rice and collard greens. A. MAZE. ING. And the portions reminded me of every stereotype my friends from around the world have about every US restaurant; well, in this case, they would be right. I stuffed myself a little beyond comfortably full and had enough left over (both in sides and the 2nd pork chop) to once again stuff myself a little beyond comfortably full. Guess who went in a food coma, I mean "early sleep", by 8pm that night?Although I won't be order the chops again, I do look forward to going back closer to noon and trying some of the other sides and the fried chicken. And then clear the rest of my afternoon for a looooong nap.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2014,6/27/2014,851,315,12,17,15>So, this place is pretty freaking amazing. A little confession before we get started... I've been here probably once every other week for the past few months. I've tried mostly everything on the menu, and have gotten to know the staff, and they know me. A little weird? Maybe, but I'm on a kick, so suck it. I should mention that I haven't taken any dates here; I usually always go alone and prop up at a bar stool.Anyway, the food here is phenomenal. From the appetizers to the entrees, desserts, and drinks...  everything. Personally, I would recommend the Majadito or the Milanesa. If you don't know what you want to order, ask the staff! They're super helpful in recommending something you'll enjoy.The drinks? I'd say go with the Caipirinha. It's a little fruity, but not too bad. They've got a full bar, so the world is your oyster. And for dessert, you'll definitely want to hit the Choc Gs Cake... good Lord, it's amazing.All in all? You've gotta check this place out.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,6/26/2014,608,438,15,21,18>I'm kicking myself for not coming here sooner.  It's been at the top of my list, but I always found an excuse.  No more!  Liberty Burger has become one of my favorite burger joints in Dallas.The burgers here on definitely on the creative side and they have interesting names.  My favorite, The Nooner, has everything you want in a burger..and more.  I would be satisfied with just a patty, thick slices of bacon and a fried egg.  But they managed to put a complete breakfast in this sucker by adding hash browns and ham.  It's A-MAZ-ING!  I also love the Greek inspired Jackie O (not sure why they chose that name, but whatevs), which uses a lamb patty (automatic win!) with spinach, feta, tomatoes and tzatziki.  The Baby Bella probably rounds up my top three here with a pool of chopped sauteed baby portobello mushrooms that resides inside one of their famous (and giant) onion rings that sits on top of a juicy patty that's been smothered in thick, and I mean THICK, queso blanco.  The patties here are massive.  The pictures of the burgers flashing on the screen inside are pretty accurate portrayals of what you're actually going to get.  Rare in the burger industry.  You can substitute any patty with a slab of buffalo, although it's an extra $4.  I guess eating healthier really does cost more.The sides are pretty good, but be warned.  Downing a burger AND a side of onion rings or fries WILL cause you to go into a coma.  A food coma, that is.  If you're willing to put yourself in that state by all means go ahead.  The onion rings are massive and very tasty.  Only drawback is that the breading is not as crunchy as I would like.  It's not soggy, either, but it's somewhere in between.  The sweet potato fries are worth a shot.  Definitely not a game changer, but goes well with the burgers they have there.The service here is awesome and you'll be well taken care of.  If you haven't tried Liberty you haven't experienced the Dallas burger scene completely.  Why are you still reading this review?  GO NOW!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,6/25/2014,109,21,11,21,12>The new flooring has definitely given the studio a new aesthetic apeal, i.e. no more sweaty stains and age-old sweat smell seeping through the carpet.  The studio can comfortably fit 30-40 people so it can get a bit hairy on the weekends, but on weekdays you'll easily find a spot.  This studio is good about etiquette so arrive early and make sure to read their website before coming if you're a newbie.  Times can vary but they're pretty accomodating to schedules, and their website is comprehensive in explaining poses, studio etiquette, times, and specials.  The first 2-3 classes  can be challenging (especially in the heat), but hang in there and you'll see the benefits...toned legs, glowing skin...um, yes please.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2014,6/24/2014,188,68,5,11,4>So...with ALL the hype about this restaurant I am FINALLY trying it out. We ordered the family meal which is a whole chicken(cut up) fried plantains and 4 rolls. I also added the family size mac and cheese. Everything was good. The chicken was grilled good and the mac and cheese was cheesy. We sat out on the patio because me and my daughter LOVES patios. There is a good view and we enjoyed it. We are happy we came. I didn't give them 5 stars because being from the south there is better grilled chicken but this is fun also.We will be back
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2014,6/23/2014,137,147,8,11,9>These aren't your old fashioned icy popsicles that were so cold from spending eight months in your parents' freezer that they had that little white permafrost all over them. They were frozen solid like a polar ice core sample and there was no way you could get them to melt without flamethrowering them for 20 minutes. Then when they finally did melt they would break in half and part would fall off the stick on the ground. Sonofabitch! My first bite of pineapple jalapeno at SCP was perfectly soft and frozen at the same time. Although it was from the fruit side of the menu, this one had a little creaminess which was perfect. And it brought plenty of spicy heat.  Deliciously done.The storefront was pretty and clean with very helpful servers, and you could tell that everyone was loving their tasty treats. Honestly, I was tempted to go straight back in and get another one...they were that good. Chocolate chili has my name on it for sure.And what a perfect location. Saturday night on Lower Greenville brought a steady crowd in search of dessert, and the atmosphere hearkened back to long-gone glory days of Greenville Ave back when I was a kid.I can guarantee that these pops won't spend eight months in anyones freezer: more like 8 minutes.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,6/22/2014,258,235,6,15,7>I never understood the concept of chicken and waffles. To me, it was always an overrated meal that everyone wanted to jump on the bandwagon for. I've had it before, but chicken and waffles just never seemed to pair up well together. However, because of all the reviews, I had to try it out and I'm so glad I did because at the moment I took the first bite, it was a revelation.The chicken was very flavorful and tender. I got my gravy on the side (even though I asked for it smothered on top). I instead smothered syrup on top, in which I would cut off a piece of the syrup topped chicken and waffle, dip it in the gravy, and it was like nirvana from there on. The perfect harmony.I went on a Saturday at noon, so it was pretty packed. I got there early to save a table for me and my friends but you have to have the entire party present to be seated since the place is small and seating is pretty limited inside. However, they got my name down and despite there being a wait, they still saved us a table so we got seated immediately after everyone arrived. Waiter was very kind also. The parking space right next to the restaurant is small but there are many more spots if you go in the back.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,6/21/2014,20,111,39,14,13>One day Jesus came down and said "I sure would like a great street taco today", so his daddy said "here son, let me make you a place"  the heavens split wide open and lightning and thunder rained down on a really shady part of South Dallas where no white people ever go and a huge white light came from the sky and Jesus said "really, Dad? Here is where you want this place to be?" and Jesus' dad said "yes, my son this is it. I will bring together the people of Dallas under the common good of great tacos" Then, a huge bolt of lightning shot down from the sky and POOF, a giant car wash, beer store, gas station, and taco stand appeared. The people came and they saw it was good and they said  "oh lord and sweet baby Jesus these are the best tacos we have ever had". and the Jesus was pleased and so his dad said "here are some donkeys, longhorn cattle, and a zebra for you to look at while you eat tacos"Jesus wept and his tears of joy created the Trinity river.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2013,6/20/2014,491,214,7,12,12>The Underpass is on it's way to becoming a great dive bar/pub.  I say on their way because since they opened up a few weeks ago they are still in set-up mode with a pool table and kitchen to come.  It is very spacious with some games including, hunting, golf, a touch screen video game, jukebox, etc.  They have a nice long bar top with several beers on tap and bottled including, some local beers, along with any liquor you fancy.The parking lot is as others have said - abundant and free! Yay!
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,6/19/2014,300,191,5,11,8>Bought a groupon to this place to try it out and WOW I was in for a nice surprise.  We started off with the fried green tomatoes. This came in 6 decent sized pieces, with very good batter. The dipping sauce it came with was very interesting, somewhat mustard-y but not too tangy. For entrees, I got the blackened catfish with ponchatrain sauce and my fiancee got the crawfish etouffee. The blackened catfish itself was a bit bland, but the ponchatrain sauce with crawfish made it a LOT better. It made it very very good! The sauce was rich and flavorful with a good amount of crawfish in it. I had to add a bit tabasco for some spice but it was good. The dirty rice went very well with the dish as well. The crawfish etouffee was pretty good. The etouffee had that usual "dirty" cajun feel, good flavor and just a hint of peppery spice. There was alot of crawfish in it and the amount of rice was proportional to the etouffee. The portions here are very generous for the price, I would definitely come back here if I'm craving cajun food when I'm downtown. I do wish they had a bigger menu selection, it felt a bit limited.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2014,6/18/2014,160,285,11,16,10>I was skeptical about this whole new location business. But I got to hand it to the Pecan Lodge, this place is setup pretty nice.Came here for the opening and a line was already formed around the building. This hid the daunting fact there is a formidable line INSIDE the restaurant, as well. Luckily, the express line is still pretty quick, so I had my food in 15 mins. Just walk inside and go to your right.That Q is still the bees knees. Beef rib is fatty and good, with that sweet, salty bark to cure all ailments. Brisket and burnt ends just as flavorful as yesterdays sunrise. First time I tried their pulled pork. By golly gosh, it's great goodness. On par with the best pulled pork I've had.So the food is the same. But the atmosphere is so much more inviting now. A bar touting local breweries, a nice patio outside, soda machines, and friendly people. This is a place you can hang out on the weekends and enjoy a nice cold one. (Just so happens they are open late on Fridays and Saturdays now.)Sitting in line, talking to the peoples, this is just a friendly place to share ideas. Met a couple of interesting people that gave me a new wealth of knowledge. I'm talking to you Ken H.5-stars. Keep it up Pecan. You gotta risk it for brisket. Roll the dice!!!
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,6/17/2014,686,887,10,13,11>What I like:Free WIFI with no pw!The super cute large cups (I dont care if it doesnt fit in my cupholder. Hurry up and drink it so you can drive. Don't get it and then complain about it when you can obviously see that it doesn't fit your cupholder) Thai tea was not too sweet and not too milky. It was just right! spacious tables and chairs so your conversations doesn't overlap with othersThis is a family own and they're all very sweet and friendly. I would definitely come back to try other teas! I love their large cups!!! so different and cute!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,6/16/2014,434,194,15,19,16>Who the heck writes a review for a government center? I do...and let me tell you...this place doesn't suck as bad as you think it will. Sure its not fun to go and stand in line to get your plates, registration or other government related business done, but you have to sometimes. The great thing about this place is, they seem to move people along pretty quickly and get you in/out and back on your way. Think "under 20 min" type of fast!Also, the times I've been here, I've never seen any of the employees just standing around, not helping, while one window is open...and everyone is just STARING and the lazy employees standing around (looking at you post office). No..instead you have several  windows open of people who are happy to help you with whatever process you need, and friendly enough to engage in conversation distracting enough to make the time fly by. Props to whoever is hiring and training these government workers. Tip: do be sure to bring in all your documents including vehicle insurance if you're getting a new registration sticker.  Also don't forget this is a government building so leave those kids and firearms in the car! Overall, I don't dread going to this place because I know I'll be out quickly and  I won't wait in line for an ungodly amount of time. Enjoy!
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2014,6/15/2014,197,107,3,11,5>Roman Cucina is located in one of the older strip malls off of Coit and Beltline. When I walked in, I was surprised with how new and contemporary the space was. The decor was warm and inviting - black tufted booths, chandeliers, hanging lights across the ceiling, and lots of framed pictures all over the walls. They had a fire going in the chimney. Loved the cozy feel here.While we waited for our fried calamari, they brought out fresh from the oven bread. The butter was warm too (I hate it when butter is cold and rock hard). The calamari was your standard calamari, and we all thought it was just okay. We ordered the chicken parmigiana, pasta gianni, and fettuccine alfredo with shrimp.  The nice thing is you can pick your pasta - penne, spaghetti, or fettuccine. We were given salads before our entrees came out. The salad was crisp and lightly dressed with a yummy red wine vinaigrette. The food really delivered. My husband is a big chicken parmigiana guy, and he said this one of the best he's had in Dallas. I took a few bites, and the chicken was moist and the red sauce was perfect.  My daughter always orders fettuccine alfredo, and she also said this was her favorite that she's had so far. I usually don't like fettuccine alfredo, but I liked this one. The pasta gianni came with large shrimp and langostino lobster cooked in this delicious spicy garlic and olive oil mixture.  It had a nice kick to it. We all were really happy with our entrees. Like with most Italian restaurants, the portions were huge so we definitely had leftovers (and the food still tastes great the next day). Service was very friendly and attentive from the moment we walked through the door. My only complaint is that they checked in on us a little too much. They have only been opened for 3-4 months so I hope this improves with time. Other than that, we had a great first experience. We will be back for sure!
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,6/14/2014,219,594,3,7,5>It's probably not what you expect.I have to start with the interior design- because that was definitely not what I expected. Check out the ultra modern style- mirror sculpture and monochromatic color pieces on the walls. Check out the ceiling. I like restaurants that offer these half-booth half table seating arrangements. Though at lunchtime this place is busy and sometimes it means awkwardly squeezing past someone to slide into your chair.The staff here are incredibly nice- the service is impeccable.But the reason you might come back repeatedly is the food. It's "fusiony" as are many Asian restaurants around town, and in this case it's a good thing, because there is something for everyone.  Finish your dish, and have some green tea ice cream or a cappuccino. They have Illy brand espresso drinks, which is what Neiman Marcus uses too- it's smooth!
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2014,6/13/2014,153,427,3,6,7>We are new to Texas and we love this place. Superb quality and customer service. Love to meet friends here for a healthy lunch.Don't know his name but the wine manager is the best. Looking for something? He will be your best friend.A nice touch that there is always carry out help.A first class place and our number one market.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,6/12/2014,308,111,6,9,6>The plethora of reviews are right--place is the real McCoy on burgers with a good amount of variations from which to choose. Not too many, but still variety.HOWEVER, folks--try the taco! It was awesome!! Not a "street" taco by any means, but a foot-long (or so it seemed) crunchy taco with really good ground meat/veggies on it and this--I'm going to say "captivating"--sauce soaked into it. Was just really, really, really..  REALLY good.I got there around 1!:30am on a weekday and fought for a parking place. Line already out the door pretty much. I probably waited 8-10 minutes to order (certainly not Pecan Lodge standards by any means) and another 8-10 to get my to-go order. Seating was fairly limited and I was glad I did take-out. By the time I drove home, the captivating taco sauce had soaked through the paper bag but luckily hadn't gotten on my car upholstery. Was a close call, though! Once inside, I peeled that bag away from the lovely goop and, you know, just picked up that taco and tore into it still holding my car keys and stuff. Wolfed that sucker down and wished I'd gotten three of them.Try the taco. It was called "crunchy goopy taco" or something like that.
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2014,6/11/2014,193,459,6,7,5>My prediction is that Laotian food will be the next trendy Asian food. Likely to be butchered by the likes of Pei Wei/PF Chang's and any other non-authentic food truck. But that's another conversation. This little joint is extremely bare, no frills, no bathrooms, no ambiance, but the food is damn good. For those unfamiliar with Laotian cuisine, think a mixture of Thai and Vietnamese, due to the geographic location of the country, but waaaaay bolder flavors. The spicy is like you've never felt before. The smells of fish sauce and garlic are stronger than the other two cuisines. SBT has just 3 tables, a fridge, and counter service. I came with my esteemed Laotian partner in crime, Cliffton D., and he ordered my meal for me. Don't fret, their menu is small and they have English descriptions. A few items to try: beef jerky, any of the salads, the chicken noodle soup, and sticky rice, a staple of Laotian cuisine. A couple of tips: Cash only, BYOB, and come with an open mind.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,6/10/2014,42,58,8,11,9>Took my ladies here tonight for dinner based on the reviews. Overall, this place is really good. Wasn't a big fan of the tiny salsa "bowls" but they kept them "filled". I also was a little disappointed they didn't have ceviche. Their appetizer menu is a bit limited otherwise. My ladies got chicken fajitas and carne asada. Very good. Very moist. Good portion. I got the diablo shrimp. It was great. About seven large and moist shrimp (tails on) in this veggie/cheesy/rice sauce. Totally original presentation with garlic bread nor less. It was a little heavy for my tastes but was still really good. Oh, if you ask for sweet tea, they charge an extra $.50 for it. Kinda a buzzkill when you get the check but you live and learn. We will definitely be back to Casa Mama. It will be one of those every other month place for us.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,6/9/2014,56,83,5,12,4>I have seen the light and it is shining from the beautiful establishment that is Jeng Chi. Which is ironic because they have super tinted windows.I have eaten in this strip mall for YEARS and never have I even thought to come to Jeng Chi because A) It always looks closed because of the dark tinted windows B) Habit tells me to go to Caravelle. I am so glad that I found this place on Yelp because now it is my new addiction.We came in yesterday for Mother's Day at 8 PM and the wait was 15 minutes long. Manageable and in retrospect SO worth it. There is a sitting area that I suppose is meant for the "cafe" portion of the restaurant but last night it was used as a waiting area. There were a few cakes and desserts in the display case and different types of loose leaf tea on display. I will be back for you baby!We were seated promptly and greeted by the best waiter I've ever had the fortune to meet. Even if the food was terrible I'd still give this place some stars because of that man. He was an older gentlemen but his enthusiasm is unparalleled. Our teapot and cups were never empty despite the restaurant being packed.ON TO THE FOOD! We ordered the Vegetable Dumplings, Leek Turnovers, Kung Pao Scallop, and Crispy Fried Fish Cutlets with Garlic Sauce. The dumpling skin was so chewy and came piping hot in its own bamboo steamer. The Leek Turnovers were filled with leeks, glass noodles, and chives and were amazing dipped in soy with chili. Kung Pao scallop was served with huge chunks of green bell peppers, dried chili's, peanuts, and carrots. Incredibly fresh and highly recommended. Lastly we ordered Crispy Fried Fish Cutlets with Garlic Sauce. The fish was perfectly fried and the sauce was tangy and complimented the fish perfectly. My only critique would be that I think we got the wrong fish dish because the sauce tasted more like "sweet and sour" rather than "garlicky". I didn't really mind though because boy oh boy was it so good.If I could eat here forever and not gain weight I'd never leave.UPDATE: The Crispy Fried Fish Cutlets with Garlic Sauce is the way it's suppose to be. I recently ordered The Crispy Fried Fish Cutlets with Sweet and Sour sauce and it is more sour than the afore mentioned. They are both sensational dishes! I also highly recommend the Dan Dan noodles. It is a buckwheat noodle dish served with a spicy peanut sauce and spinach (vegetarian). Delicious!
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,6/8/2014,91,334,5,8,4>I came here for afternoon tea because I never had this and I wanted to experience it.It was nice and charming and omg truly the teas were amazing. Especially the first one I tried, the African Blend or something with fruity notes and Rooibus. It's a 3 course meal and $40 which includes tip and parking, so not bad at allMy favorite were the first two courses which were the mini finger sandwiches and scones. The dessert course was weak, they need to up that a little.Anyway, nice experience and I'm glad I tried it but probably wouldn't do it again for sometime......
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,6/7/2014,239,706,4,9,5>My first visit here was with a group of former co-workers; we met for lunch on a weekday, and had the luxury of a banquet room so that we could talk about old times without disturbing other patrons. However, this did not diminish our service at all; we were well taken care of. Coffee refills and other beverages were kept full, and our orders were taken and delivered promptly. I chose the Denver omelette, but I subbed sausage for ham. It was a HUGE affair, with a good ratio of egg to filling. The eggs were fluffy and tender, and it wasn't at all greasy. My coffee cup stayed full, and it was a solid cuppa for me (though I'll admit I'm far from a pro when it comes to coffee). All in all, we had a very good experience here, and I'd recommend it for groups small or large.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/22/2014,6/6/2014,446,98,,10,9>I LOVE Maguire's!!  I've probably eaten here 10 times and I've NEVER been disappointed.  The flatbreads are unique and tasty, and there always seems to be a new one to try. I also really enjoy both the Maguire's and the Tomato Carpaccio salads on multiple occassions.  My dad and his girlfriend come here at least once a week, and they rave about it to everyone.  On my birthday, I was served a scrumptious chocolate lave cake and ice cream plate that had enough for all to share.  Writing this review makes me want to go back right now:)
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2014,6/5/2014,88,306,3,12,6>I play a lot of golf.  I go out on my own a lot, because it's easy to get out golfing when you're a single, even on a busy weekend.  I meet a lot of interesting people that way, too.  Many of them are also passionate about golf and like to recommend courses.  Several different people on numerous golf outings have mentioned this place - Stevens Park Golf Course.  I love trying new golf courses but it can be a little stressful; I dont know the lay of the land, I don't know what kind of people play there, I don't know where the bathrooms are (hey - your priorities change as you get older!!).  But every once in a while, I suck it up and try a new place.I was hesistant to go here, because despite the numerous referrals that I try this place, there were very few reviews on Yelp for it, and zero pictures.  I didn't think it would be very good.The reason why this course gets 4 stars as opposed to 5, is because it's on the expensive side, and many holes have a lot of road noise from really busy streets.  And while the course condition was generally very good, many tees were just wet mud. Those were really the only drawbacks; the rest of the place was a lot of fun.  I showed up on my own about 10:00 am on a busy Saturday and got out within 10 minutes.  It cost $50 for 18 holes with a cart (that's expensive for around here!!) but I was willing to see how it was.  The facility is great - there are two practice greens around the clubhouse - both in great shape.  The pro shop is really well-stocked.  The kicker about the clubhouse was the golf-cart-drive-thru.  That blew me away - I've never seen that before!  But at the turn (after the ninth hole), you get to the 10th tee by driving up onto and through the patio - like a mini-drive-thru for golf carts!  I thought that was so cool.  But you can park and run in and get a bag of beers or a hot dog or something.   You can order a sandwich ahead of time from the 9th tee, but they weren't picking up the phone when I went.  But I thought that was a neat building.The course itself is tough.  One of the tougher that I've played.  I didn't play all that great, but I guess for this difficult course, I did pretty good!  The course has a lot of character.  It's hilly (I'd never walk here), there are water hazards and twists and turns.  Some holes are wide open, others are really narrow.  There are two par-3s in a row, something I've never seen before.  Oh - one hole - also something I've never seen:  You have to hit your second shot UP ONTO A CLIFF.  That was CRAZY but I actually DID it!  I took a photo of it, but it doesn't do it justice - it's like trying to hit your ball up onto a ledge that's 2-3 stories high.  If you miss, you're dead - it's a cliff-face.  There's a sign saying you have to drop your ball on top of the cliff if you miss, instead of taking numerous shots to conquer it.  That very same hole has an incredible view of Dallas from the green - it's really neat.  That home sitting there must be big bucks.  How can I marry into a family with a place like that?  Anyhow, overall, it's a challenging course - it can be a little nerve-wracking, and it is on the expensive side, but I had a good time and I might try it again someday.  (I also took a ton of pictures and uploaded them here.)
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2013,6/4/2014,65,99,4,12,7>If there is anything that can be said about INO, the food here is REAL Japanese food.  Every side dish, every entree, even all the off the menu items are incredibly authentic and delicious.  Their off the menu item Curry is not like the boxed House or Golden Curry you can get at the supermarket.  It has great beef flavor and sweetness like Japanese style apple curry that I love to eat every time I visit family in Tokyo.  The Agedashi Tofu is out of this world delicious.  The tofu is so well and lightly fried it blows my mind. Extremely authentic and delicious.  The Ramen was great although they only serve Miso and Shoyu ramen.  The Shoyu ramen was fantastic, having a flavor that you can only get out of a soup base made from scratch.I had the Sukiyaki dish, it came with a generous portion of meat and sauce along with some vegetables.  I am not gonna lie, INO is priced on the high side, like you are dining in Tokyo, which most people are not going to be use to.   To me this quality food is completely worth it.   Also dishes take time to cook and prepare so if you are in a large party you should expect to wait and not all dishes will come out at the same time.  All of this is acceptable to me because honestly you will not find another Japanese restaurant in the DFW metroplex this authentic and delicious.
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,6/2/2014,32,83,1,11,7>After reading that the Hendo location is closing, I realized that a Pearl Cup location as convenient and as close as this one is to Plano and Richardson is a gift and not a guarantee.  The baristas can pull a proper americano and make great latte art.It's in a quiet nook of the Custer Plaza and is great for work or studying.  I like to spread the word of independent coffee shops like this; it makes the stuff that's made at the Green Giant sometimes pale in comparison.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2014,6/1/2014,1668,171,13,17,11>Since we moved to Dallas, I have eaten at Torchy's A LOT. No, seriously. My husband left for a work trip this week and I was there OFTEN. The exact number I will not mention. I am not ashamed; I am just not a braggart. ANYWAY, the thing about this exploration into my TORCHY'S TACOS CONSISTENCY EXAMINATION is that they passed. I ordered some of the same tacos and they were delivered exactly as expected over-and-over again. Here is the breakdown of my most-often-eaten tacos at Torchy's--The Brushfire: Jerk Chicken with Jalapenos and Mango. It is super spicy with the diablo hot sauce, but oh goodness, I just love it. And you will, too. Democrat: Barbacoa with Avocado and Queso. Sooooo good. Lots of meat. Republican: Grilled Sausage in a Taco form. This is like a hot dog taco. It sounds weird, but is delightful.Baja Shrimp: Fried Shrimp and Pickled Jalapeños. If you like shrimp, you will like this one. Chicken Fajita and Beef Fajita: Exactly what you think they are and consistently good. Trailer Park: Fried Chicken and Green Chilies. You NEED to order it trashy because they put queso on it. I mean really. You can get all of your tacos in either flour or corn, no matter what it says on the menu. Overall, these are actually really filling tacos. They might LOOK small, but that is deceptive. When I order, I go through a kind of amnesia; I think that two will not do the job... and then I end up saving one for lunch on the following day. But, if you are going to over-order, you should order the chips (they are crunchy and delightful) and guacamole... oh, and the street corn. Service is consistenly amazing, whether I am eating there or taking it to go. The average time I wait for my take out order is 4 minutes. Amazing. You can eat at the bar and a friendly bartender will bring you lovely Deep Ellum brewery beers. If you eat there, you will see the clean, yet rustic environment and a lot of employees who seem to love their jobs. Definitely try Torchy's, if you are in Dallas. I will see you there.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2014,5/31/2014,59,177,4,11,5>Just came back from this place after a super lunch. Definitely a great replacement for ABP.The decor is bright and fresh with huge wooden beams on the ceiling. The bright red chairs outside is so inviting. The place was crowded during the lunch time but the service was fast. Got the lobster roll which had the freshest meat and the bread is to die for - so sweet, soft and almost melts in your mouth. The sandwich might look big but it definitely is perfect for one person and disappears fast into your tummy. The sandwich is served with thick cut potato chips which tasted so home made.The roasted corn chowder is very light and loaded with chunky pieces of carrots and potatoes and is served with 4 small pieces of buttered bread. They also serve wine and cocktails. I might go for lunch tomorrow as well. That is how good this place is :-)
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/30/2014,46,35,4,23,16>I have tried several laser hair treatment facilities in Dallas and like this one best so far. I'm giving four stars because my review is mostly for Gracie. The facility is clean, nice, looks like quality equipment, etc as one would expect.Gracie makes it a step above. Someone with her upbeat personality can make you feel comfortable no matter what (and you know what) they're working on. She also doesn't let being friendly distract her from the quality of her work. She is very good at what she does, in this case, remembering or seeing the lines/edges she created from the previous hair removal visit. Professional visits are always more fun if you look forward to seeing someone you know and feel confident that they will do a great job every time!
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2013,5/29/2014,297,148,7,15,8>I went for the trial run, and man was I impressed. The entire kitchen is open and you can even see into their walk-in. That is pretty impressive because it shows how fresh everything is and most placed hide the walk-in way in the back. Most of the items on the menu are gluten free or can be made gluten free. To start we tried the edamame pot-stickers. They were one of the best things I have eaten in a long time. They had truffle oil in them that just made you not want to share the dish. Then I had the street tacos. They were piled high and full of layers of texture and everything was so fresh. My friend had the curry dish and I have to say that will be one of their best sellers for sure. And finished it off with the pear crisp. It was sweet and salty. It is not too many placed that will gamble on the salt in a dessert, but it was amazing!!But do be warned, since they are a health conscious restaurant they don't serve soda, so have a drink of wine instead :-)
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,5/28/2014,477,163,5,13,12>One word! "Amazing" you will definitely need a nap after eating here. I have eaten here plenty of times and have no complaints. This is buffet style where you start off with your two breads and you can pick either two to three sides and one meat. Sides include dips, salads, rice and vegetables. Meat includes beef Kabob, chicken Kabob, steak kabob, lamb kabob, chicken and beef shawarma, gyro meat, Maj-noon Chicken and Red Snapper Fillet and you can't forget to end with the Baklava.Cost for lunch buffet: -One meat, two sides $7.99 -One meat, three sides $8.99Cost for Dinner buffet:-One meat, two sides $9.99 -One meat, three sides $11.99
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,5/27/2014,103,84,10,16,13>Three Words: $4 Frozen Margaritas or as I like to call them, Gloria's Gremlins! They are strong y'all!! My new rule is one and done, and I try to make the entire table follow the same guidelines...although I'm usually unsuccessful. With this gorgeous weather and their newer, larger patio...these bad boys are hard to resist! Not a margarita fan? Not to worry, they've got you covered with a full bar!I've been here so many times I've lost count, mostly for HH which is offered all day Monday-Thursday and until 6pm on Fridays. The warm bean dip is placed nicely in front of you upon arrival, and goes incredibly well with the chips and frozen lime margarita. Since I'm a fan of appetizers, we usually order a few to share instead of an entree. The ceviche is decent (we always opt for the orange roughy ceviche instead of the ceviche trio), the cheese pupusas are good, and the tamales are pretty tasty as well. When we do order an entree, it's an order of the combination fajitas which are delicious!The staff is friendly, the food is yummy, and the patio is large and in charge! Enjoy friends!
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,5/26/2014,320,520,3,15,8>As I walked into this dim and mysterious looking bar, I was immediately drawn to the chill and eclectic crowd. This place is on the smaller side, but it's just big enough for a cozy bar feeling. The best decorative attribute of the bar is best seen by looking up...the oak wood-squared ceiling is stellar. To go along with the good beer selection, the customer service was outstanding. We sat at the bar and were being served by two different bartenders, both of whom were very friendly and knowledgable about the drink and food menus. It was recommended to order the Elbow Salad, and it was the perfect size for two people to share. The salad was amazing! The smoked turkey was the star of this salad; however, everything on the plate pretty much brought equal value. This is a great place to go to sit back, have a few drinks, get a bite, and enjoy nice music and good customer service! I'll definitely be back soon!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,5/25/2014,240,410,4,11,8>Love Asian Mint...I've been several times and they never disappoint. ServiceAlways friendly, always fast, very good with the timing of dishes.  Very gracious staff.AtmosphereA real mix here.  Laid back with a trendy feel.  I almost always see a suit or two and I almost always see a casual shirt and tee.  The dining room itself is pretty small, and they also have outdoor seating on the walk.  Despite the place being small and typically possessing a decent crowd, I've never had to wait...amazing how they do that, almost like it is some sort of trick.  I've dined both out and in and enjoyed both.FoodGreat options.  I always go for the Pad Kee Mow or a sushi roll.  I like the Yellowtail in Heaven and love the Volcano roll.  People dining with me have tried the Seafood Platter, Pad Thai, Summer Rolls, and other sushi - they loved their dishes.  Their green tea ice-cream cake is also tasty - not too sweet, a tad dry but offset by the ice-cream.  I also always get Tom Kha...so good.They have nigri for $1 on Mon/Tues as well as $6.50 daily martini specials.  Their happy hour is a little early - from 3-5pm M-F.  I've tried some of their drinks and they were good.Give it a try!
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,5/24/2014,189,239,9,12,9>Not sure why so many mixed reviews but I really enjoyed this place and I dig the concept.  Alex (owner) was super friendly and helped us make some good menu taco choices.  The Mr. is afraid of Indian food but loves tacos so I was thrilled to get him in and try this place. We stopped in for lunch and used a Groupon to share 6 tacos and 2 fountain drinks.  We were able to pick any any tacos so we went with the Chickpea, the surfer (2), YOLO, the Brit, and the spitfire.  The meat was all flavorful and cooked well.  Each taco was loaded with ingredients, def not skimpy.  We ate and enjoyed them all but I loved the chickpea taco best and husband liked the surfer.  The Mr. even shared my Brit taco (chicken tikki) and said he liked it!  Okay, I might have told him what it was after he said he liked it :-). Their concept brings the spice/heat level down which is probably why he liked it.  I would have liked it with more heat, but it was still yummy and flavorful.The restaurant itself is a decent size.. Booths, tables, bar stools and patio seating. They offer a full bar and happy hour from 4-7pm, M-F.  We'll definitely return, especially now that hubs isn't afraid of Indian food ;-)
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,5/23/2014,307,314,4,10,7>I spent National Margarita Day on the patio at Del Frisco's Grille and it was a fabulous afternoon. I was starving so an appetizer was in order. I ordered the Ahi Tuna Tacos and enjoyed every single morsel of them. The crispy shell and perfectly seared tuna were a great combination.  Of course I sipped on several house margaritas with salt on the rocks and although they weren't the best I've ever had they were good. I ordered the steak salad (medium rare) as my main course and split an order of frites with my friend (Yelp we ate it all). Our server was friendly, the patio was perfect for people watching and the food was delectable.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,5/22/2014,322,339,21,19,21>I sometimes forget that Froggie's is a toy store. That is because as a grown-ass woman I go in here and completely forget myself, and my age, and wind up walking out two hours later. Sometimes empty-handed, but always will a full soul. It's not so much as toy store as it is a time warp to Happiness. There are "smart" toys for the brainiac kids, and plastic dinosaurs for third graders (and me), and obscure PEZ dispensers. I am especially fond of the "tubes": Tube o' Pirates, Tube of Frogs, Tube of Jamestown Settlers, etc. I've scattered the contents of tubes across tables for decorations/party favors at birthday parties, and my adult friends love them. Often times these little figures end up on their work computers. Whenever I am in need of something "out of the box", Froggie's delivers. They've got cap guns, Cat Butt Air Fresheners, and metal lunch boxes. Items in this store are expensive, so bring your wallet. If you don't have a wallet, Froggie's has some great ones you can purchase. If they get a cat butt wallet in stock, y'all need to let me know.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,5/21/2014,205,238,170,30,25>I've had several animals who were sick enough to warrant being referred to this facility, but this is my first experience with Dr. Wright, the oncologist, so I felt compelled to write a review. My 14 year old setter mix, Maggie, had been preliminarily diagnosed with osteosarcoma by our regular vet and we were referred her for confirmation and treatment. Yes, our worst fears were realized when Dr. Wright had our xrays interpreted and confirmed the osteo. He outlined treatment plans for Maggie and provided us with real, honest and level information so as to set our expectations. The surgery went well. The following chemotherapy also went well. Each time Maggie was there, she was greeted by the staff like they were old friends, and Dr. Wright was always available via email if we had questions or concerns. He even wrote back to me one late night, when I was anxious about her appetite.Dr. Wright and his staff gave us many more months with our Maggie than we expected, and both he and his staff were kind, compassionate and supportive when it became time for her to go, which is the outcome of osteo cases. While we will always miss our girl, Dr. Wright and his staff made her months after the diagnosis the best they could be.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,5/20/2014,326,673,10,15,11>Brunch. It's just not my thing. I try to get excited every few months and strike out on the town to have some, but afterwards, I always regret it.  Bread winners has at its advantage being one of the hottest spots for brunch in Dallas. It also features a crazy shitload of tables and waiters who are fast, friendly, and working hard for their $$. I enjoy not having to wait long for a table by arriving, still hung over, before 11am. You will be offered alcohol or coffee upon seating. Then orders are taken, waters refilled, and food delivered. If you're still eating from your plate, you better hold onto it with one hand and keep at least one eye looking out to defend it lest it be whisked away before you even have a chance to cough out a 'nooooooo!' from behind the gob of free breakfast/dessert bread in your mouth. The food is good, and food prices are reasonable. Service is insanely fast. On the weekends they definitely are working a GTFO ASAP situation, so don't expect to linger. Drink prices are high ($8 for a bloody mary, $10 for a mimosa), but it's a business model. You can get a $5 bloody mary elsewhere, but it won't come with anywhere near as many delicious food choices.
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,5/19/2014,329,530,8,21,14>Graveyard of kitchens, bathrooms, light fixtures and more that owners no longer love. It's sad to see an ENTIRE kitchen someone gutted from their home that had custom cabinetry, beautiful granite countertops and a massive Island with ornate finishings ripped away from its home and moved to this warehouse, some I've seen look maybe 2 yrs old.  Pieces of churches, restaurants - all disowned and waiting for someone to adopt them and give them new life. Before you install new flooring or do any remodeling. ..check out this place first...you may run across some really unique vintage finds.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2014,5/18/2014,1812,527,8,15,13>The year of dining is off to a good start, " Simmer" new on the Scene is fit for uptown.  From unimpeachable classics to a list of old standbys featured on the menu does not disappoint.  Open kitchen, Full on cocktail bar, enjoyable patio, all new and desperately needed to Coppell.  Whether you're craving an artful tasting flat bread, a soul-satisfying stuffed chicken breast dish or simply a great bloody steak, Simmer will satisfy.  The fried artichoke was my favorite.  Lets talk about the bar.  Thank you for jumping on the bandwagon.  I have take a trip 17 miles uptown and pay double the price to enjoy a negroni, mule, or old fashioned.  The drinks here were executed properly.  Be patient most Coppell folks are new to the movement, teach them about one of the great moments in cocktail history back in 1870's when some unknown alchemist poured vermouth into a shaker with rye whiskey  (maybe cocktail food pairing dinners hint hint)  I have to add the bar has an Ice track to keep your drink at a perfect temp!  Bravo I see a future here, I see weekend brunch with bottomless mimosa's and damn good bloody Mary's.  I see live music on the patio and a transformation to the Coppell Dining sceneMake it happen Simmer, make Coppell put on a swag outfit for once.  See you on a regular basis!Shout out to our bartender (the guy from Denver sorry I forgot your name) and our lunch time server Amber...they made our times spent here worth while.  Also Ben the Manager who always checks on us ;)
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,5/17/2014,1025,261,5,22,15>Valentine's Day dinner at Kenny's has become an annual tradition for us. This is the third year in a row that we've dined at the Italian eatery on 2/14, and each time our experience keeps getting better.I highly recommend this place for any type of romantic outing for the atmosphere alone. At night, it's dimly lit and cozy. The walls are lined with autographed pics of famous patrons. The tables are donned with the traditional red and white checkered cloths. Add a nice bottle of red wine, and you have the perfect setting for a great date night.The service is also top notch. During every visit, our experience with the staff is great, and this time was no exception. Our server, Samantha, was excellent! She knew the menu well, came and checked on us often, and when my girlfriend was having trouble deciding between two dishes, Samantha recommended splitting her order so she could have a 1/2 order of both! This is the type of service that puts places over the top!We started off with our wine and some calamari. You can always find a good match with your meal on the wine list...the quality is there and it's very extensive. The calamari is always cooked and seasoned to perfection. Never overdone or chewy. The marinara is good to dip it in, but they also offer some other type of sauce (I think it's mayo based) that's excellent! I always get the same thing when I come to Kenny's..the ravioli. The shrimp on the top were nicely grilled, and the ravioli itself was awesome! The pasta was so tender, and the cheese just oozed out of the shell every time I cut it with my fork. Soooooo awesome!This is one of my personal favorites for sentimental reasons, but the way that it became a sentimental favorite of mine is because of the quality and love that they put into their work. Very nice spot, I highly recommend it!
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,5/16/2014,108,213,11,14,15>Uncle Uber's Sammiches are freaking amazing! Stopped in here before going to Trees and we were blown away!  Our friends had the roast beef and the shaved ribeye. We tried the ribeye and it was seriously good. My wife had a salad. Again a win!  I had the turkey sammich and it was so good that I inhaled it in about 30 seconds. They also have really good beer prices. I shocked to see they had Old Chub, so of course we chased our meals down with some ice cold Chub. The only thing that would make Uncle Uber's better is if they opened a location in Frisco.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/15/2014,212,80,12,18,16>I normally love hole in the wall dive bars.If you like dive bars, you will Love this place.The crowd is the most varied cross-section of people I've ever seen in one place...The Grapevine Bar is the place.Basketball court patio is cool.The real positive is how ridiculously cheap for its central Dallas location.All the chairs looks different.The Sun to Tue happy hour all day is one of the best in big D.You'll strike up a conversation with just about anyone, or be allowed to sit quietly here.
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,5/14/2014,372,222,18,27,22>Food - 5/5Service - 5/5Price - 4/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: Beef tendon in the beef noodle soupThe weather was perfect tonight, so a bunch of us decided to play some tennis at Plano Senior High School. After we were done, Tim L. and I wanted to go somewhere to grab a quick bite to eat. I mean, let's be honest... we all work out to eat, right?We didn't know where to go, but we saw on yelp that there was this 4.5 star restaurant called Champion Snack that advertised serving Taiwanese food. When we got there, not only was there no food, but there was a requirement of a 20 dollar charge, even though they just serve bubble tea drinks.Fortunately, Noodle House came to the rescue! We had no idea there was even a food court when we walked in, but we definitely found a hidden gem.We ordered the beef noodle soup, the crispy chicken with rice, and pork chops with rice (to go). The beef in the soup was melt-in-your-mouth tender. It's been a few years since I've had anything that surprised me like that. The broth was hearty, and they were not stingy with the amount of noodles (I'm looking at you, Monkey King). The crispy chicken was moist and the flavor of the breading was not overbearing. I bought the pork chops entree for lunch tomorrow -- I'm sure that the dish will be satisfying as well.Ultimately, Noodle House is a great place to go to for a quick Taiwanese food fix. The staff members are also very friendly and very helpful. I will be back for the dumplings, won ton soup, and pot stickers.Tip: Bring cash. You must spend over $20 when using plastic. I know I considered it as a negative for Champion Snack, but that is $20 worth of drinks!
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2014,5/13/2014,861,398,12,34,23>Soft grand opening was today.  The opening got leaked by the Dallas News this morning, and Lockhart confirmed it on FB right before they opened at 11:00.  Luckily I was about 2 miles away at work, so I headed that way and got there right after 11:00.  I was about the 5th person served based on the couple of folks sitting and the one person getting served in front of me.  I had brisket, clod, ribs and sausage but was able to also taste the turkey and pork chop since I ended up sharing lunch with the guy in front of me in line.  We both sat at the bar, and as we unwrapped our paper we somehow just started sharing the things that the other was missing.  He had not ordered clod or sausage.  All of the meats were excellent, in the case of the brisket better than I have had at Bishop Arts and for the others just as good.  The ribs were a touch soft, but that is true of just about all restaurant spare ribs.  The brisket was almost perfect with a great bark and just the right amount of smoke.  Pork chop and turkey were both very moist with a subdued smoke profile.  The clod was lean but moist, pulled and carved at just the right time and temp.  I had no sides except for the white bread, and I did not try the sauce.  $27 for a meat sampler lunch is high, and honestly that lack of value is what keeps Lockhart from being a 5 in my book.  Parking today was easy for me.  I actually got one of the spots in front of the building.  Most times after today, I suspect you will have to use one of the city lots during lunch time.  Inside, it does not come off as a brand new restaurant and that is a good thing.  Other than the big TV upstairs, it has a "joint" feel to it already.  Seating is  going to be a struggle during busy times.  There are tables upstairs and down as well as the bar, but both floors are fairly small for capacity.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2013,5/12/2014,68,196,6,6,7>A hole in the wall doubling as a corner stone to a bustling restaurant scene impresses me!  I had no idea that I could enjoy a relaxed, high quality dinner right in the heart of Addison.  They have all you can eat catfish Wednesdays!  Fool, do you know how sick I'm going to be on my next free Wednesday?!  I really can't tell the difference between slap yo mama catfish and regular catfish.  I just like that deep fried goodness to be piping hot and dipped in a ketchup and hot sauce blend.  For that reason, I don't want to go to fancy, smancy restaurants for fish.  I just want a CLEAN little spot where I won't be judged for the mess I'm going to make and Flying Fish did it for me.  I loved the price, food, and atmosphere.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,5/11/2014,159,166,,22,5>It was recommended that I take my 11 year old Civic to Hondew.  I've been taking it to be serviced at a national chain, because... well, it's close to where I live.  But after awhile I got the feeling that I was being given the run around. I had a list of weird noises that my car was making.  The large chain gave me a price quote of close to $500.  Hondew did the job for just over $150.  I felt like they really knew what they were talking about and that they were being honest with me.  I actually ran into one of my colleagues while my car was being worked on.  He's lived in Dallas for over 15 years and said these guys are the best.  They may be a bit further away from my home, but I'm not going anywhere else.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2014,5/10/2014,608,886,4,10,6>This place definitely deserves 5 stars for food! I had one of their specials which was pretty much a scramble of eggs, potatoes, bacon, jalapenos, and veggies.  Super delicious and very generous on the portions.  They serve 4-5 different kinds of coffee which was a plus since everyone's taste buds are different.  My friends had the hazelnut flavored coffee while I had the vanilla.  We also shared the lemon bar before we got our food because we were starving!  The lemon bar was HUGE and perfect on the citrus flavor and sweetness level.I do have to say that I was a bit frustrated when I was standing in line and trying to walk through the restaurant.  It's a very tight space and you're constantly having to say excuse me.  When you're waiting in line, there comes a point where you're in front of the restrooms - not very pleasant. And be sure to double check your chair so you don't sit in scraps of food or leftover ketchup hahaMake sure you come here EARLY if you're trying to go for Sunday brunch.  First dibs on parking, food, and seating!
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2013,5/9/2014,64,120,7,11,8>Jay has done it again. He can do no wrong in my eyes.I love the vibe here. Relaxed inside, people chillin' on the patio outside. Lots of families and not a hipster in sight :) but they would feel welcome here indeed. Jay was present the entire time, watching pizzas come out of the ovens. Pretty intimidating if you ask me (I wouldn't want my boss watching me all day at work) but it goes to show his commitment to quality.Best slice of pizza I've had. Great chewy crust, slightly charred on the edge. I got the white & it had huge drops of ricotta that you could spread on the slice. I'm not a pizza expert & I never had pizza this good the times I've visited NYC. There's this place called Secret Pizza in the Cosmopolitan in Vegas that people wait in lines for at night because it is that good. It reminds me of that pizza. I can't wait to come back and try every other pizza on the menu.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2013,5/8/2014,212,403,5,9,6>I can now get rice cakeys without having to trek all the way to Carrollton or 35/Royal.H-Mart is the Central Market of Asian Grocery Stores....  You got your bakery, food court, produce, seafood, meat, and etc.  There's also little stores setup where you can get gifts or makeup or cookware.  This location actually looks very modern and clean... i like the white theme they got going on.  I usually go to H-mart for marinated meats, snacks, or pastry items from Tous Le Jour.... that place goes hard no joke.I can see this H-mart to gain a huge market share of the grocery industry in the area.... Sorry Fiesta and Ranch 99.... yall about to get into a price war.  Thanks MKT 6301 for teaching me this.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2013,5/7/2014,67,105,4,10,7>And my 100th review goes to a new favorite!Olivella's does Neapolitan pizza right. Thin crust, baked in an open brick oven, quality toppings, and no soggy crust (I'm looking at you Cane Rosso). I recommend starting with a focaccia and ask for some balsamic and spicy olive oil for dipping. I've tried four different pizzas and while all delicious my favorite is the Dream topped with Gorgonzola, pancetta, jalapeño, and chicken. While it is easy to gorge on focaccia and pizza, you should save room for dessert. The Nutella dessert pizza is wonderful! They have some great specials as well that they list on their website including half priced wine bottles on Tuesdays.The atmosphere is cozy and inviting, the service very friendly, and the pizza will keep me coming back! I also look forward to trying their other locations.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,5/6/2014,127,93,10,19,16>My fiancé wins major points for pretending like he had nothing planned for Valentine's Day, pretending like he made last minute reservations at Lemongrass Asian, pretending like my map was wrong, and keeping this exciting opportunity a total secret. I would tell you to immediately put yourself on their list for a chance to experience dinner at Frank, but that would lower our chances of getting to go again. Ben and Jennie deserve so many more stars than just 5.  This was not just good food. This was such a unique dining experience. I feel like we were a part of something truly special. Ben mentioned that all guests automatically have one thing in common - we are all foodies.  He said we'd be best friends with everyone around us by the end of dinner, and they were right. We got a business card, two new phone numbers, and a new Yelp friend...and maybe even a hair stylist for our wedding!The condo is decorated really well, the view was awesome, even the dog was adorable.  Everyone - including the chefs and staff - all started introducing themselves. We had the same menu April K explained in such great detail. I'll try to include some things she didn't mention.  Before every course, we heard stories and details about the ingredients (and which of those were historically aphrodisiacs). I love knowing where my food is from!  Drinks are all included - champagne with pomegranate seeds with our amuse-bouche, white wine with our first course (the oysters were just flown in from Martha's Vineyard) and red wine for the other courses.  A few people even requested beer, and they were eager to please.  To top it off, espresso and port were served with our fabulous dessert.    One guest was pregnant, and they were so accommodating for her.  They provided shrimp as a substitute for her oyster, gave her La Croix to drink instead of booze, and even confirmed with her that the quail egg would be okay.At the end of our meal, the chefs asked us which course was our favorite.  I didn't have an answer.  "Everything," I said. "This was better than Stephan Pyles."  Ben looked shocked but flattered.  We all stood around talking, finishing our drinks, and taking pictures with the chefs.  We said our goodbyes, and everyone looked like they were thinking the same thing we were - we all experienced something incredible together, something hard to explain, something we won't forget, something we could only hope to experience again...
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,5/5/2014,107,57,7,12,8>This is the only place besides the dealership that I will take my car.  I've been getting my car washed here since they opened 10 years ago because they have great service, they never miss a spot and their prices are reasonable.  The Wheel Deal is the best value for $18 and usually the service I get.  I've also gotten the $40 detail which is fantastic if you want the inside conditioned.  The lady who does it, got all of the little annoying spots off the steering wheel and door that you get from dirty hands touching black interior.  I didn't realize how much you can see every little spot when you buy an all-Black interior and exterior car.  So when I get super annoyed at looking at the spots, I come to Trademark to have it fixed because they always do a great job!
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,5/4/2014,253,248,4,8,6>You know you have a high quality boutique studio when they bring in Peter Sterios, Manduka founder, in the first 2 months of the studio being open.  Ricky Tran doesn't just lead yoga, he is a teacher that inspires people to see the teacher within.  I feel I've learned so much about myself in the two years I've practiced under Ricky.  His yoga is for everyone and I highly recommend it, it just might change your life tooNote: In the spirit of transparency,  since writing this review,  my practice with Ricky Tran inspired me to attend yoga teacher training (12/2013) and subsequently was blessed to have him entrust me with his students meaning I now teach at both CHY locations (05/2014).  My reviews are from when I was only a student but I'm proof of the fruits of a dedicated practice with an top notch teacher.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,5/3/2014,61,145,7,8,6>I love the layout of this place - the huge variety of pastries lined up front, the photo wall with random trophies, and the individual sitting room for private parties. Its extremely easy to get overly excited and get one too many munchies with your smoothie.For first timers like us, there was a helpful wall menu of popular flavors. Most of us got "THAT" smoothie (expresso + green tea), although a little overdone on the coffee flavor IMO. Most of us didn't know which baked goods were good, so some of us were disappointed while other pleased with their choices. This place sure has style. We got a crack at the international cup labels, featuring Arab and Eskimo Hello Kitty. Our cashier was wearing a totally rad sweater - "Koalified to party" - and the place had kpop in the background.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,5/2/2014,541,525,19,12,8>PIE! PIE! PIE! This place has PIE! Good PIE! You should eat PIE! Wait in line for PIE!  Order PIE! Eat PIE! Cry for PIE! PIE PIE PIE! Drunken nut PIE! Chocolate PIE! Berry PIE! Beautiful PIE! Fat Free PIE! Just kidding. PIE! A la mode PIE! Line goes fast for PIE!  Seasonal changes in PIE options!  Thank goodness for a decent PIE place in this city.Pie. I Heart Pie.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,5/1/2014,153,188,7,12,9>Visited this restaurant last Friday because the bestie had a groupon for $30 towards hookah (which you must purchase with the groupon, the regular hookah is $14.99) and food. We got the Qariah feast for two, which comes with three different kinds of kebabs, basically a lamb, ground sirloin, and chicken one. The platter is served with two sides. Here's where things got a little confusing. We requested falafel as one of the sides. We had to pay extra. No big. We ordered spicy hummus for the other side. Now, according to the menu, the kebabs are served on a bed of rice. Our server returned from the kitchen and told us (this was before the food came out), that we could order a third side with the platter. We were jazzed and chose the cucumber tomato salad. Once the platter and sides arrived at the table, we were pleased until we realized the rice was missing. Huh? We asked the server about it and he apologized profusely, left, and never returned with the rice. When he came back the next time, he asked if we needed anything else and we were so confused. We decided to drop it. We could tell he was new, and that's fine, especially because he was so nice, but towards the end it was a bit much. After we smoked the hookah and got our ticket, they'd charged us for the last side. I explained that we weren't expecting to pay for the last side, because we were told it was included. The server came back telling me the $14.99 on the receipt was for the hookah. I already knew that and explained, again, the issue. The manager came over and listened to the issue, than said that the platter only comes with two sides. Thankfully he still omitted the salad and fixed the bill. After all, it was a misunderstanding.Despite that, we enjoyed the food. The falafels were heavenly, and had just the right amount of crunch once they'd cooled down a little bit. The crispy pita with the well-seasoned zatar dipping oil was soooo yummy. The spicy hummus had the perfect amount of heat and it was well-balanced, smooth, and creamy. The cucumber salad was good too. As for the kebabs, we liked the chicken and ground sirloin best. The pieces of lamb were really big and a little chewy. All of the meats could have been seasoned more. The restaurant is super pretty. It was beautiful inside, with booths, bistro tables, and regular sized tables. Everything is super clean. The outside patio is super comfy. Parking is free in the retail garage in the back, a definite plus. The hookah wasn't bad. It ended up not really being our thing, but at least we tried it. We tried the Appletini flavor and were given a crash course on smoking it, lol.All in all a good place. Wasn't the BEST, but for Dallas it was really good and I would go back!
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,4/30/2014,514,437,7,14,13>I'm surprised this place doesn't have more reviews! It must be a hidden gem.This place is so authentic, the owner won't even speak English to you. You check off what you want on a small menu (sold out/unavailable items are blacked out) and the server picks it up. It's a very small venue with about 7 tables (three of which are 2-seaters), so the wait can be out the door during peak times.Okay, on to the delicioussss food!FRIED TARO CAKE: Please get this as an appetizer. It's the best taro cake I've ever had! I know the gua bao is really popular too, but unfortunately, I haven't had a chance to try it yet!TAIWANESE STYLE CHICKEN ROLL: Crispy on the outside, juicy chicken on the inside! The texture looks weird, but it's really good.SPICY BEEF NOODLE SOUP: THE best... the best... just the best. Everything is perfect, from the freshly chopped green onions to the texture of the noodles and the tenderness of the beef. Ahh I could eat here 5 times a week.Great, great food.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,4/29/2014,145,409,9,17,12>Wow. Just wow.As a resident of Post Eastside (in the same development as Mena's), my wife Suzanna, and I have been watching and waiting for Mena's to open for several months now. As time went on, our expectations grew, mainly because we thought "if we have to wait this long for a place to open, then it had better be good." Well, fear not...I kid you not, this is some of the BEST Tex-Mex you will find in Dallas-Fort Worth, and I've been to A LOT of places, just like most residents of the Metroplex. For me, this is on par with the top tier of Tex-Mex and Mexican establishments I've patronized, and it might even be the best. There are a couple of Mexican and Tex-Mex restaurants that I love (you can see from my profile), and they have set the bar pretty high. Mena's in Richardson has at least matched that bar, and quite possibly exceeded it.I dined alone on the day of their Grand Opening around 2pm or so...there were not many patrons inside, but I'm hoping that is due to the newness and it being past the normal lunch hour. I typically have a set of items that I order at a Tex-Mex place so I can my bearings and rate them on the basics. So, let me give you the run down:Chips & Salsa: Excellent. The chips were warm and crunchy, and the two salsas they brought out were very good. One was the typical "red", and it was very tasty. Be warned, though, it has a little more kick than most salsas I've tasted in restaurants. There was also a verde, the "green" salsa. It was not nearly as spicy, but offered a nice balance to the red.Guacamole: I ordered a side of guac because my name is Chris and I'm an addict...I love guacamole. Seriously. I have a problem. Mena's was very good; in fact, it was smoother than most I've had, and it was very simple. Too many restaurants try to spice up and be really "interesting" with their guacamole. I'm a fan of the basic guac, what I myself make at home. If you concentrate on avocados, lime juice, and salt, you're on steady footing...don't add too much. That said, I look forward to trying their tableside guacamole on my next visit.Beef fajitas: I haven't had fajitas this good in years. The carne asada was perfectly seasoned, not too much and not too little. On the skillet with the steak was the standard onions and green peppers, along with a couple thin slices of potato. I got the flour tortilla, and they were perfectly prepared. Incredibly tasty, I was simply blown away.Service: To top off this amazing meal, the service was excellent. I was taken care of with just enough checking in on me, but not to the point that I couldn't eat (you know those places...won't leave you alone long enough to actually eat what they brought out). This was a very pleasant experience as far as staff goes. The manager, Jose, introduced himself and was very friendly. I can tell he genuinely wants the dining experience to be exceptional.Building/interior: The outside is unassuming, but it represents the master-planned development that Eastside Richardson is, so they didn't have much control over that. It is nice, don't get me wrong; they've got a nice, but small outdoor patio for when it gets warmer. The interior is very nice. It's got a urban chic kind of appeal, somewhat of a cross between a really, really nice Mi Cocina and a sushi bar. If you've been to One Arts downtown, it's kinda like Jorge's and Tei An got together and built the interior. Clean, modern, very pleasant, nicely appointed with two walls almost completely made of windows. It's a very nice dining experience.Additional notes: Did not get any dessert, but that will probably change in the future.  Mena's happy hour is from 2pm - 7pm. I will be taking advantage of that, I'm sure, after a rough day (or, in the middle of it).I'm a little terrified of Mena's now...I mean, I live a floor and a stairwell away from them. Already thinking of an excuse to go back too soon. This could be trouble...
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,4/28/2014,320,143,19,22,18>Note: happy hour changed to draft cocktails $5. NO longer specialty ones. BooSo if the Devil was bartering my soul, I'd ask him to meet me here for happy hour and on a Friday. For a measly $15, (cost of 3 specialty drinks), we would barter, be BFFs and braid each other's hair while rocking out to Barter's incredible music selections. These drinks are magical. -Traditional drinks like Sazerac & Manhattans-Exciting drinks like International, Low down and slow down, Dominic the Donkey, and many many more. **Barkeeps are the best I've seen in Dallas-take their time & care & precision to get the drinks just right-go out of their way to make the bartenders worst nightmare order, the Ramos Gin Fizz, which takes 6 minutes to shake. If you've never had one, it comes out to the consistency of a meringue pie and I asked mine not sweet and it was like heaven. I didn't even know this drink was possible until I saw it here-bartenders choice delighted many folks. A gentlemen from NY asked for something summery and he got a delicious looking blue vacation he savored. My mom whispered to the bartender the map of her taste buds and she was so thrilled with the concoction he hand crafted for her, she ordered a second. My fun sister is dazzled by drinking glasses. She loved her beer glass so much and upon exiting, she was hypnotized by the Bloody Mary glass the NY'er had and just had to slam one on the way out. The next time that beyotch doesn't return my shirt she borrowed, I'm telling the devil about her weakness for glassware and glassware accessories. Go here and let the barkeeps take you to another world to find your destiny. Forget all the ''celebrity" bartenders, these guys have a gift and are like Einstein who know the truth and reality of the universe of hooch yet have vivid and handsome imaginations with the fortitude of a blacksmith who's been crafting a skill for centuries. The food is quite adventurous. Burger on an English bun, Poutine, Sea Bass.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,4/27/2014,262,320,22,27,22>Caravelle is a Chinese & Vietnamese (mostly Chinese) restaurant in Richardson.  Located in a predominantly Asian shopping strip in Richardson, Caravelle is a great choice to enjoy a family style meal with a large party.My Overall Rating - 4 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - As stated above, you'll find Caravelle in a shopping strip.  Inside you'll find a very spacious restaurant filled with large round tables covered in white table cloth.  Caravelle is also commonly booked for Asian weddings, hence the large tables.  There's also a stage (for events), but otherwise it's a pretty plain restaurant without much going on.  It's also cleaner than the First Chinese BBQ chains.  1/2 Stars.Service - There's usually never a wait since it's such a large restaurant.  You'll usually be seated immediately.  Take caution, as if you've never been you'll encounter a HUGE menu.  Most of the time we already know what we want, but if it's your first time don't let them rush you.  The servers like to get orders in immediately, but the good news is that food comes out fast too.  No complaints here.  1 Star.Food - I'll be honest, I visit Caravelle and order the same items every time because 1) No other restaurant makes it 2) sometimes I just crave their dishes, and 3) I'm with a big group and we want to eat family style.  Here's a list of items that are my favorites:Fried tofu with green beans - Perfect crisp and slightly sweet tofu bitesBeef tips with snow pea leaves - Tender strips of marinated beef (shaken beef alternative)Cheese lobster - a whole lobster fried with cheese powderSalted fried squid - lightly battered and tenderClams in oyster sauce - tossed in garlic.  Salty but perfect with steamed riceThese are all large family style portions meant to be shared.  Occasionally I'll get a hot and sour soup but the items above are main stays.  Bring a big group, order the above, and if you don't like it...well...there's a Pei Wei somewhere near you I'm sure.  1  1/2 Stars.Will I Return? - Yes.  In fact I come here every few months and order those exact items above.  When it comes to dining in a big group that wants Chinese food.  Caravelle tops the list.  It's a little pricey only because these are family style dishes.  If you come here by yourself or as a couple, you'll either over order or you won't be able to get the full experience.  Do yourself a favor and bring a big group to share the experience.  1 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2014,4/25/2014,242,97,11,15,14>I think I may have just found heaven! I always knew there be cupcakes just inside the pearly gates! I just knew it!From the moment you enter. This establishment , you will be smiling. If you are not, the proud owner Latricia will "welcome to small cakes, where just one bite will make you smile" you. If her excitement and energy doesn't get you, the     Well decorated cupcakery will!So many flavors to choose from your head will spin.Not to worry, Latricia will take you on a guided tour of these sinful delight. They even have a flavor of the day.I chose the salted caramel fudge, and was not disappointed ! Real caramel icing, sea salt and a pretzel adorned this monster chocolate cupcake.Just as we were checking out, she reminded us that Milk goes well with cupcakes. "Coldest milk in all of Dallas!"We took 4 cupcakes and 2 milks. That isn't all we left with... We also left with the biggest smile!GO, HURRY! You will not be disappointed !
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,4/24/2014,333,166,14,22,18>All in all, I give them 4 stars. Was it as good as my previous bowl of pho at a different restaurant? The answer is no.The broth of the veggie pho was just broth. Plain veggie broth. It didn't have the yummy layers of flavor, no depth. I mean, it wasn't bad. It was just obvious that it hadn't been cooking all day with the usual pho seasonings. The good: The pho was full of crisp vegetables, like baby corn, mushrooms, broccoli and onions. And, it also contained tofu and vegetarian ham. Unusual and interesting. The servers were beyond fast and efficient. Even when my water glass was half full, an employee would immediately arrive to refill it. Quite helpful after I added a bunch of sriracha sauce into my soup!The sweet gal at the register had a big smile on her face and was very gracious, thanking me several times for being a customer. It was nice.I may not get the exact pho the next time, but I am intrigued and will surely return.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2013,4/23/2014,50,35,19,17,12>A Bravo reality TV star with her date seated at the table to my left... A large gathering of fashionable, Neiman Marcus clad, 40-something y/o women with perfectly coiffed blond manes and perky, augmented breasts busy celebrating what looked to be a bachelorette party (likely her 3rd of 4th) seated at a large table to my right...And me, sitting at my table, smack-dab in the middle of the restaurant with 4 other of my fabulous, well-kempt, polished gay friends (if I do say so myself). We were on display, y'all.At some point in the night, occupants at all of these said tables were carving into and devouring filets of succulent beef. I smiled, took a sip of my hand-crafted cocktail made of ruby red grapefruit infused vodka and jalapeño, and thought to myself, "glitz, gays, glamour, and beef! It doesn't get much more (uptown)DALLAS than this." Some stereotypes are true. *shrug*On to the food! To get things started off (besides the yummy bread and butter at our table), I ordered the wedge salad. It was a little different from most wedges I've had, but greatness none-the-less. Instead of a heavy blue cheese dressing, it had a warm bacon-y vinaigrette dressing with blue cheese crumbles and bacon pieces liberally spread on top. But, the bacon does not stop there, my friend. Oooh no it doesn't. There were three large, crispy circles of bacon on top of the lettuce wedges. Bacon in the shape of circles! Magical.Three people at my table ordered filets and two of us (myself included) ordered salmon. From what I heard, the steaks were cooked perfect and looked mouthwatering. My salmon was delicious. Meats are served a la carte. We ordered two sides of whipped potatoes and a side of brussel sprouts and passed them around. Both delicious!For dessert, we had birthday cake. Ya see, we were celebrating my buddie's big day. Our server, with some help from the host (i.e. manager?), got it all ready with candles in the back and brought it out and we sang (the staff didn't). Then they prepared us each a slice with ice cream. Perfect ending to a lovely meal.So why 4 stars instead of 5? Welllllll, service was super friendly and knowledgeable-- from the host, to the waitress, to the guy cracking pepper on my salmon-- but we waited a long time for our drinks and a long time for each course of our meal. But hey, 4 stars is still great, and we'll be back!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,4/22/2014,234,122,11,28,12>This review update is to highlight UberX. It's a great service. Not a town car or SUV, but a private driver and cost half the price of regular Uber. They're not always as fast to arrive as regular Uber, the cars are not as nice, but sometimes it's not necessary. Save a few bucks and use UberX. And please, never drink and drive. It's just not worth putting yourself and others in danger. One more piece of info on Uber and UberX. You rate each driver on the app and they're graded on that rating. Too many low ratings and they get fired. The drivers also rate you, so don't act a fool, or you could get fired, too.
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,4/21/2014,61,79,2,17,11>This place has a cute atmosphere and I hear it has been around for a long time. The coffee shop serves ice cream, baked goods, and has a wide variety of coffees, teas, and even boba!Tonight I had the hot chocolate since it was quite cold outside. It was definitely one of the best hot chocolate drinks I have ever had. I don't know what type of chocolate they put in it, but it tasted unique.The service is also quite fast and friendly.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,4/20/2014,70,140,17,27,22>Loved it and can't wait to go back... we heard about this place from The Seoul Sausage joint in LA raving about it and that it was coming to Dallas.  We were not disappointed... we ordered the half and half sauce over drums, wings and strips.  We preferred the wings and drums over the strips-they seem to be crispier... They have a great delicate crunch on the outside and tender on the inside and the sauce it perfect... a bit spicy but I love it it that way...Yay Bonchon!  Thanks for coming to Dallas!We ordered take out or first trip but realized they also have some nice craft beers on tap... a nice treat for this type of restaurant.... I'm going to have to take up running if I keep eating here- so good and worth every calorie!
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2014,4/19/2014,302,390,13,17,9>Dear Ten Bells Tavern,I don't know who you think you are with your delicious cocktails, breathtakingly beautiful Cured Smoked Salmon Bruschetta,  and Braised Ribs with Frites served with a mornay sauce. I bet you think you're all that because we were scrapping the sauce up with our forks afterwards because it was that delicious. OH! OH! And don't get me started about what happened when we first walked in. We were greeted AND offered prompt service! And as if that mess wasn't enough, the owner had the nerve, THE SHEER NERVE to laugh and talk with us. Shocking right?When our fish and chips arrived, I was about ready to kick off. The chips were perfect and the fish was breaded beautifully. HOW DARE THEY?!?!?!?! How dare they take the premise of a real English pub and put it in Texas without all of the cheesy stereotypical stuff. How dare they make a real neighborhood drinking establishment that is a place that a group of young people having a cool night or a family coming to eat can have a great time without having to worry about loud douchehats making a chill night a crappy one! How dare they create such a comfy patio that I ended up staying almost 2 hours after I was slated to leave because I was able to talk to people I never met before on subjects that ranged from silly to serious! Ten Bells Tavern, how bloody well dare you show me a good time!
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,4/18/2014,290,376,6,13,11>I so love updating a review after a bad experience with good news on a second visit. CHC truly redeemed itself on this dining experience.I met a friend for brunch on a Sunday afternoon around 1300.  I arrived a little early and put our names on the list for a table.  Around 1300, I was "buzzed" and although my dining companion had not arrived, I was seated in a comfy two person booth as I told them he was on the way.And, here comes friendly, cheery, charming Maria, our server.  I asked her to watch for my friend and then we'd place our drink orders.  She was most accommodating and returned as soon as she saw him join me at the table.  We ordered a Pinot Grigio for me and a brew for him.  Drinks promptly delivered even though the bar scene was quite busy. (Didn't order the Mimosas because thought they were a little pricey @ $4 (or maybe $5 each)I chose poached eggs, grits and Rye toast; friend had the Farmhouse; two eggs, sausage, house potatoes and toast.My meal was delicious; eggs perfectly cooked, grits creamy, smooth & cheesy, such a wonderful treat for my palate.  Couldn't finish it all so some of those delectable grits traveled home for another chow down later. There was silence at our table as we dove in fork first for a truly wonderful brunch.  Friend apparently enjoyed his meal as not a morsel was left on the plate. Food - a strong 4 stars.Love the ambiance of this place.  The raised dining area was quite cozy and removed enough from the fast paced bar area so as not to distract from a pleasant  get together.  The patio looks fantastic but was a little too warm for comfort to sit outside.  Service by Maria was exemplary;  She checked on us just enough to reassure that we were being well taken care of.  Her pleasant smile and those twinkling eyes were just adorable.  Service over the top 5+ stars.Pricing - reasonable for quality and quantity. 4 stars.So, drum roll, cymbals crashing....two stars (1st review) rolling up to 4 !!  Only 4 because this was our first meal here.  Saw many options I am craving to try, and I'll bet that will garner CHC a full 5 stars. And, we'll be sure and ask for Maria!Note - this spot was removed from my list of  "sadly, places that disappointed me" to "brunch, give me more with bloody marys and mimosas".
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,4/17/2014,275,233,12,23,10>HOTPOT ALL YOU CAN EAT!1. Choose the broth you want (I get the half spicy, half original)2. Order all the Meats, Noodles, Assorted Vegetables, Tofus, Seafood, Extras, Etc (As many rounds as you want, if you get confused about a menu item, Google it for a photo!)3. Cook your items in the boiling temperatures: Meats/Noodles take 10-30 seconds, Veggies cook for as long as you'd like, Tofus/Seafoods cook for a few minutes.4. Scoop out items/soup into your bowl and enjoy! *The more items & longer you put into the broth, the tastier the soup gets*Towards the end of the meal, eat the delicious garlic cloves from the broth, it's soft and tastes great!I've been here a handful of times and have really enjoyed each experience. I definitely recommend Hot Pot for more than two people because it's more fun and more food gets eaten (true story). I've always done the All-You-Can-Eat option for $19.99 because it's a very good deal-- when I look at their regular A-La-Carte menu everything that I want adds up VERY quickly and ends up being over the AYCE price-- so why not just make it simple and get AYCE?SAUCE: Pay the additional $1.95 for a plate of the Chef Special Sauce which comes with Satay, Garlic, & Chili Sauce that you can mix/dip your food into-- the sauce plate is a good size to share with 5-6 people. The restaurant will only take reservations for groups of 8+, so be prepared for a long wait on weekends from 30 min up to 1.5 hours on some evenings. I ALWAYS call ahead to see how long the wait is. Only downside: Minus 1 Star for smelling horrible for the rest of the day. Your clothes, hair, and skin will smell like herbs and you'll DEFINITELY need to wash your clothes/shower twice immediately or anything you touch will also smell like herbs/food. If you can, try to leave your jacket/coat out in the car while you eat... you'll thank me later :P
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,4/16/2014,177,158,21,14,8>Where oh where do I start with Sambuca. This place is a total train wreck of the very best kind."Wait a moment" I hear you ask "train wreck worthy of 4 stars?"Why yes! Listen well and you'll understand.If you enter Sambuca with the correct expectations you to will have a great experience!First and foremost do not come here expecting top class food. Do not come here if you are under 35. Do not be easily shocked by large women in tight clothing. Do not be equally  shocked by business men dancing to Prince (and by dancing I mean hip grinding..often on your leg). Do not come here if you hate cougars. Expectations set? Great..then you'll have a blast.We can here for a friend's birthday this past weekend. The decor is stunning, red velvet curtains, giant Buddha statues and dim lighting. We had our own reserved area where the wonderful staff set up buffet style foods. The food wasn't anything amazing but the staff did a great job keeping her group happyThe band were great..played all kinds cover songs to keep a very diverse crowd happy. The lead (girl) singer would jump down and mingle through the dance floor dancing with men and women and allowing a little impromptu karaoke.The dance floor crowd were mainly in their 40s a mix of divorced singles on the prowl and cougars on a girls night away from the kids.Not your scene? I understand but, boy, these people know how to have a good time.I saw at least two ladies topple to the ground at some point then get right back up and carry right on dancing. A concrete column was repeatedly used as a stripper pole (not glamorous considering the column was about a two foot circumference).It's gets messy late. Really messy.Go people watch and have fun
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2014,4/15/2014,86,134,27,31,26>I had to get this review out ASAP for Yelper, Su L.! I've been wanting to try this place for months now. Sun WuKong/Monkey King is a story I've heard about as a child so combine that with my favorite food in the world -noodles- how could I not!?I came with a group of friends on a chilly Friday night so luckily, we didn't have a wait. At first look, it seemed like there were only two or three small tables to sit at but my friend informed me of their upstairs patio. It has a mix of benches and chairs and couch-like chairs. It's pretty nice. The winding staircase up to it is almost like an obstacle course and such challenge not to fall. My favorite part is the stools they have set up so you can watch/stare/creep on Andrew, the human noodle maker, as he makes the noodles by hand. To get that reference, read their menu board (provided it hasn't changed by then).On to the food, I ordered the spicy beef noodle soup and spicy cucumber salad. Between the table, we probably had two to three orders each of the soup dumplings (xiao long bao) and the wonton in chili sauce. If I could eat noodles every day, I would and these noodles were definitely on the list of ones that I could. They are cooked just right and the inconsistency of thickness makes for a handmade noodle experience. So good. Spicy beef noodle soup: The beef was tender and the soup flavor was alright (I've had better and worse). The spicy was a good amount of spicy in my opinion. Spicy cucumber salad: good, devoured in minutes. Wonton in chili sauce: delicious! and covered in cilantro, yum. Soup dumplings: not  bad, good amount of tasty soup inside. I tried a bite of my friend's dan dan noodles and might have to get my own order next time.I also want to make a note that they had a thing of ice water for customers and even some free hot tea (that I didn't try). Also Andrew (the noodle maker) was funny and nice. Two of our friends came late and missed him making the noodles for us. Right as we were leaving, he was making more and they came running back and waving. Andrew was kind enough to wave back and even beckoned at them to take pictures/videos. The staff in general seemed to have a good, positive, friendly attitude.Overall, MKNC? Good! They were out of the garlic bok choy that night so I'll definitely be back to try that and get more noodles!
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,4/14/2014,68,224,8,20,12>Lakewood Growler is a fantastic addition to the growing craft beer community in East Dallas.  We recently got back from the soft open and have nothing but positive things to say.To start off, the manager's last name is Czech, so you know he knows good beer. Also, every tap is a Texas establishment, and 75% of the taps are Dallas establishments! We are truly in the golden age of Dallas craft beer. Anyways, the manager and staff were more than helpful to show my wife and I through several of the beers they had on tap that we were less than familiar with.When we settled on our first choices (at $4 to $6 a pint, VERY competitive in the Dallas market), we took our seats.  For the rest of the night, we were attentively seen to be the staff for any refills or drink changes we needed. I cannot speak highly enough of the staff. The crazy part is, is that this bar is only going to go up from here. There were lines upon lines of people getting pints and growler fills, but it never seemed crowded. The staff was never stressed. And the customers never had to wait more than 5 minutes for a beer. This is an all around great craft beer establishment. I consider myself blessed to live within walking distance of it.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2013,4/13/2014,98,160,7,10,11>Disclaimer: as with astrophysics, gregorian chanting and the fact that somehow there are people out there who find Dane Cook funny, I may not be the best person to write about this place. My knowledge of Korean dishes, as with the subjects in the previous sentence, is pretty lacking. But, like that old saying "I don't know much about art, but I know what I like," I don't know much about the selection or quality of food in comparison to other, similar eateries, but I know what I love (and that was everything).A friend of mine clued me in on this place on the way to get gas at Costco. Truthfully, the "getting gas at Costco" was probably just an excuse to go here since we came here first and almost forgot about our later destination. As we pulled into the parking lot, I had no idea what I was supposed to be looking for. The storefront is small, and if it weren't for the tables out front, you may zoom right on past this place. It's on one side of Cafe Amore and... I can't remember what was next door to it on the other side. The point is, it's near the curve of the strip mall it's in.The first thing that hit me upon entering was the down-to-earth feel of the place. There's a vibe of "everyone working here and everyone eating here is cool, even the guy typing this review up right this second and the later, future users of Yelp who would read this review, such as yourself." You can see it in the menu written in brightly colored chalk. You can see it in the desk behind the counter with a laptop and printer hooked up to it. You can read it on the faces of the staff, all of whom were friendly, efficient and clearly cared about the product they were selling. They believed in it so why shouldn't the rest of us?Since I had never been here before and variety frightens me, I let my friend order for us. Two spicy chicken tacos (his recommendation as the best, though they do offer other meats) and two fried rice balls. The gal behind the counter told us they were out of fried rice balls. This is more impressive when you consider we got there around 1:00 p.m. on a Saturday. They sold out that quickly, which tells us they are amazing and people flock for them - incidentally, I think my friend was more disappointed than I was. So we bumped our order up to four tacos and a couple of canned drinks from the nearby fridge, and we were set.You can take your order to go but dining-in is tough to beat. It's just a series of counters facing the wall with trashcans between each counter and a couple of bar stools. Minimal design but maximum efficiency with their available space. In the time we were seated at the counter waiting for our order and then eating it, two more guys came in and seated themselves at a counter, one with a magazine and one with his phone. And yet we all knew we were part of the same brotherhood... the brotherhood that enjoys eating tacos at a counter facing the wall.The food was up and we walked over to claim our taco orders. There's a reason they have stacks of napkins available on the counters: these tacos can be a bit tough to maneuver without wearing some of the sauces - doubly dangerous if you're like me and have a beard that acts as a magnet for sauce. Keep the napkins nearby because you are going to scarf these tacos down. The chicken was moist, the cilantro and onion mix was a great balance and that sauce... that sauce was outstanding. It may knock you off your feet the first time you try it depending on how much you like spicy foods, but it was some of the best I've had.And that's the weird part: this place, that serves some of the tastiest dishes I've enjoyed, has been sitting here in a strip mall for years. And I'm just now finding out about it. I'm not sure how that happened but I know I have to fix that going forward. If you're looking for a delicious meal that won't break your wallet, an engaging staff and a pretty hip place to sit and be seen, you really should stop by. And save me a fried rice ball.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,4/12/2014,587,131,17,20,18>I have no clue where to start..yes I do!! AWESOME!!!! The bacon and cream cheese donut is heaven in ur mouth....yummmmmmm. I also tried on a subsequent visit the chocolate/Reese's PB cup and chocolate Nutter Butter donuts. I bought cinnamon rolls and a chocolate covered croissant dipped in cinnamon sugar.  OMG!!! Wow. Everyone needs to go here at least once...but u won't. You'll keep going back...cause they are just that good!!! Friendly staff, and a nice owner make this a North Dallas Gem...I'll be back..probably tomorrow. LOL
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,4/11/2014,131,53,16,18,18>I was hungry when I arrived and even hungrier when I walked in! The smell was Sweet Georgia Brown Bar-B-Que sauce and it had my stomach rumbling like a California earthquake. I arrived a tad early for our UYE and watched the line grow as we waited. I also watched the crew in the kitchen preparing food and cleaning as they went. Always a good sign of cleanliness. I also watched the veggies, that I had heard so much about, get double spooned into containers. Very large portions indeed. The food is served in to-go containers, because 'they be knowing' you can't finish it all. I sure couldn't.I was really looking forward to trying the fried chicken, but they were out and my next trip will be closer to opening time to assure I will get to try some. Having said that, I was very happy to try the sliced beef with their sweet smelling Bar-B-Que sauce. It was amazingly good. They do not trim the fat like some places do so if you are like me and watch your fat intake, it's easy to trim it yourself. The sauce was not as sweet as it smelled and that is a good thing. I loved their sauce! I will ask for extra sauce next time I get the sliced beef.The veggies looked amazing but I was limited in my selection due to my intolerance to pork. A lot of the ones I really wanted to try had pork in them, but alas, I was content with the mac and cheese, okra and sweet potatoes I ordered and far from disappointed. the mac and cheese and the okra succotash was perfect and it actually reminded me of my step-great grandmother's okra succotash that I ate on many occasions in the little town of Como, Texas. That white lady 'be knowing' how to cook some soul food. The only strikes against this place, for me, were that the cornbread muffins were a little dry, and the sweet potatoes had a bit too much nutmeg for my liking, but I'll be able to finish them off anyway ;-))Overall a great experience and I will be back plenty. With the portion sizes like they are, it's really two meals in one. I will add that the resemblance to my stepparent grandmother's (Ma-Ma) cooking was amazing and I knew she had a lot of soul in her tiny little self. After today's meal I have a lot of soul in my body!
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,4/10/2014,33,129,6,10,4>I always wanted to go there, for years...and just kept postponing because I was little afraid. Sometimes people say things just to impress, as if they were part of something really unique (and in this case, strange) experience. So.. I was afraid of seeing people dressed in robes or shirtless in the dining room. A huge no-no for me. Nothing like reality. The sauna is on the right side of the entrance, restaurant on the left. On the very left is the kitchen and a bakery type of counter with the desserts. So far so good. The restaurant is indeed "interesting". I would say kitsch, but I will stop the description of it here. We were welcomed by a Russian momma,  who doesn't speak English but has a warm attitude. My friend picked up her phone to translate! Go google translator app (or whatever it was)! She had her son (probably) helping that night so we had no problem. The food was very good- and because I am super smart I will copy and paste my friend's description posted on fb with my remarks. Ha! (She is a food scientist, I bet you've never had the opportunity to dine with one of them. nana nana nanaaaaaa. We had 3 appetizers- so huge we didn't eat any entrée. And then 2 desserts! Here it goes:Stuffed Eggplant Rolls with savory cheese and walnut served with Khrenovina, a traditional Siberian sauce, made of tomatoes, garlic and horseradish. VERY good. Cheburek crispy beef filled pastry. YUM! Uzbek style Samsa lamb filled- I don't eat lamb and took the meat out. It was good, regardless! Pachlava, almond Baklava- Think of a slightly different dough than mille feuille filled with marzipan. Uber yum! Russian Honey Cake- soooo yummy! We were debating were it was cookies or a batter, because layers were sooo thin. Momma and google said batter! On top of it..there was a huge cake on top of the bakery counter, I asked what was that and momma answered: "Napoleon". Seriously?? I had a dream that night I went back to eat it. She said it was super fresh and it should "rest" for 24hr before eating. Oooh and a little advice.. do not eat the spicy garlic sauce unless you are not planning to kiss for a week. Of course we will go back- and this time with our group. Can't wait!!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,4/9/2014,44,159,,9,7>Damn, the tacos nortenos are something to write home about! Best tex mex I've had thus far in Dallas. Affordable, quick, cute decor and delicious. What more could you ask for?Cheap decent beer? YESSanto on draft for 2.95, that's nearly as cheap as an ice tea!!Corazon is going the be my go to joint For my tex mex fix now. Forget desperadoes, uncle Julio's, mi Cocina and the other crap they try to pass off around here.ALSO PORTIONS ARE HUGE....NEED I SAY MORE? DON'T THINK JUST GO!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2014,4/8/2014,249,441,4,10,8>My wife and I finally got to try out Neighborhood Services for Valentine's Day. I promised her I wouldn't make review notes during dinner, so I'm doing most of this off of memory.We arrived a little early just to be on the safe side, and also because I'm slightly OCD about being on time. Oh well, this gave us time to relax at the bar for a few minutes while we waited for the reservation. As usual, my wife and I had polar opposite drink orders: a fruity Beauty School Drop Out for her, two fingers of Johnnie Walker Black for me.It was hard picking just one appetizer, but we settled on the Butcher's Meatballs. They were amazingly tender, and basically fell apart with the slightest touch. I found a slight sweetness to them with spicy undertones. The accompanying voodoo peppercorn sauce also added a great flavor. This was an awesome way to start our meal.For the entree round, I picked their Conner's Tennessee BBQ Rub'd Rib Chop, which comes with a country ham and cheddar mini-mac and bourbon apple jam. This big double-chop was cooked to a perfect medium, with a beautiful char from the grill. It was incredibly succulent and juicy. The bbq rub gave the pork a great seasoning, and the bourbon-apple combo added a nice sweetness. As for the mini-mac, it was creamy and delicious. There was also a great crunchy topping that added some nice texture. The country ham was tasty, and adding meat to anything is always a good idea. There were a few complex flavors in the mac that I couldn't identify, but I thoroughly enjoyed all of it.We were both pretty full, but it's hard to pass up dessert at a place like this. I would have eaten any of their dessert options, but we ended up with the Bourbon Pecan Fried Pie, which comes a la mode. How could that be bad? This pie was packed full of crunchy pecans. The pie spice added a very enjoyable flavor to things. Even just the plain pie crust was delicious. They were a little heavy-handed with the simple syrup, but it was still very tasty. The accompanying homemade vanilla ice cream was the perfect pairing to this dessert.Neighborhood Services made this Valentine's Day extra special. Everything we ate there was amazing, and I sincerely hope I get the chance to go back.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2013,4/7/2014,113,190,4,11,6>So, all the food (except the ribeye) that we put into our mouth was probably the best thing I've ever eaten.  Pyles creates wonderful flavor combinations!  Manfriend and I started off with the Ahi Tuna with Watermelon and Peptias..yeah...we died a little when we ate it.   We also split the Tamale Tart which was extremely rich and flavorful.  My partner had the lamb and it was legitimately the best lamb we have ever had, combined with our cocktails and the perfect bread and foie gras they brought us, we didn't think it would get much better! I was literally counting down the seconds to dessert because I KNEW it would be amazing. So we're sitting there surrounded by the beautiful ambience of Pyles when The Steak arrives.  I take one bite, and suddenly my culinary heaven bubble is totally burst.  It is described as USDA Prime Bone-In Cowboy Ribeye, Red Chile Onion Rings, Pinto-Crimini Mushroom Ragout (the Pinto-Crimini Mushroom Ragout was mind blowing and I didn't know such flavors could be created with boring 'ole pinto beans) Okay, I am unsure if this was a bad night or WHAT but it was soooooooooooooo bland. It was cooked a perfect medium rare but there wasn't any flavor.   Maybe it's just my personal preference, but I like a nice crust on the outside of my steak while the inside remains red and perfect.   Long story short, my $52 steak had two bites taken out of it. #firstworldproblems. I will definitely be back! But I will avoid that overpriced hunk of beef!
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,4/6/2014,228,176,4,7,5>So every year for Thanksgiving we fill up my mothers house while she slaves over a hot stove, washes 10,000 dishes and generally has a good time but does the majority of the work.  This year we said no more and went to The Palm where someone else would do the work, and the dishes!We went for the Thanksgiving dinner, but had an overall great time.  The Thanksgiving Menu had three courses.  First was a salad, a lobster bisque or a butternut squash soup.  I had the bisque and it was delicious.  There were large pieces of lobster and the bisque was great, not too salty at all.  The second was turkey and stuffing with your choice of a side.  I went with the roasted mushrooms and they were perfect.  For dessert we had the chocolate pecan pie which was great.All in all we had a great time and dinner was great.  We may have a new Thanksgiving tradition!
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,4/5/2014,851,315,9,13,11>Gotta say... it may be 3 stars, but it's a solid 3 stars. So there's your bonus star. The downsides aren't related to cost or food. They're related to space and people.Let's start from the beginning. First off, free valet in the lot next door. And by free? I mean "free." They accept tips only, and they're actually pretty friendly and service-oriented. My car came back in one piece at least. Tipped the guy $5.... not sure if there's an industry standard on this.Walking in on a Thursday night, the place is packed with everyone and their dogs. Literally. Not figuratively. There are so many freaking dogs with their humans here. I walked around the place for 10 minutes trying to find a place to sit. Then decided I should get food before I sit. So I got my selection of Asian food (the trucks are constantly changing!), and proceeded to spend another 5-10 minutes looking for seating... just a head's up: there's not much seating on a night with decent weather.Once I got seated, I was able to enjoy my food (was actually good), and have conversations with those who came with. It's a nice environment, the food was decent, and I'd definitely say if you're in the neighborhood and need a cheap date/dinner, have at it!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2013,4/4/2014,325,161,17,37,39>Bridging History The Margaret Hunt Hill bridge is often called, the bridge to nowhere by people who have that knowing smug attitude that is all too common in Dallas. They have no idea what used to lie in what is now the remnants of a once hidden red light district.  The Devil's Back Porch (now just referred to as West Dallas) was once the den of vice and immorality. Bonnie and Clyde would race up Eagle Ford Road (now Singleton) on their way out of Dallas Police jurisdiction and into the safety of Irving in their stolen black Ford V8. Stopping from time to time at Clyde Burrow's family gas station at the corner of Eagle Ford Road and Borger St. (it's still there). The whole street used to be filled with saloons, brothels, and a movie theater among other less nefarious businesses. The red light district was slowly killed off when Dallas officially annexed the area as part of the city, few improvements were made, instead a lead smelter plant rose. In the 50s it became the site of a huge section 8 housing projects complex, something that defines the area to present day. Still a few business and communities of working class families live there. While "bridge to nowhere" might be a catchy phrase, the authors of such phrases forget the true meaning of a bridge. It is a structure built to span physical obstacles such as a body of water, valley, or road, for the purpose of providing passage over the obstacle. In this case the obstacle is intangible, it is the years of neglect and dilapidation. So it is the hope that just as the rail road made a small town called Dallas into a thriving city, this bridge will bring a new breath of air to the Devil's Back Porch. Bridge to the Future
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,4/3/2014,608,438,15,20,15>I was actually warned not to eat at Kaji by a friend, but her bad experience happened the first day this place opened.  A lot of things can go wrong on the first day so I decided to go see for myself.  The fact that this is a sushi buffet is already amazing in itself.  There's not that many places in the metroplex that do this and Kaji's way of doing things might actually be the best.  Let me explain.  At any other buffet you go to the food is made in mass quantities and you always have to worry about the sick people and mouth breathers contaminating everything in sight.  At Kaji, everything is made to order.  Sure, you're going to have to wait a little longer for your food to arrive, but considering sanitation issues I'll gladly wait for something made personally for me.  Quality is also something that people often overlook at a place like this.  You really don't know how long food has been sitting out in the buffet bar before you grab it.  Another big reason why Kaji's method is better.So how does the food stack up to the rest?  Here's where I can see where people can differ in opinion.  You're not going to have as much raw stuff here as you would in places like Osaka, Japan House or Tokyo One.  However, you're also getting things that no other sushi buffet has.  Sushi Pizza?  Yeah.  They got that.  Several varieties in fact.  Try it.  It's definitely an experience.  There's also a lot of Chinese and Thai dishes.  If I remember correctly there are well over 100 items on the dinner buffet menu, more than enough to keep your taste buds excited.  The quality of the food is on par with it's competitors.  You're not going to get toro or urchin at this price point, but the fish they do serve is very fresh.So if you're a purist and you just was sashimi and traditional rolls this place may not be for you.  But for most people this place is everything you're looking for at a sushi buffet.  Oh, did I mention that a glass of wine or a bottle of warm sake is also included in the dinner?  You heard me right.  When you build that into the cost no other place comes close in terms of cost.  Kaji, you'll be seeing me a lot.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2013,4/1/2014,437,240,5,16,11>Eatzi's is like the Whole Foods Prepared foods section on steroids...with a hint of Dean and Deluca. It is packed on the weekends, but not enough to make you not want to go. There is plenty of parking as well. If you like samples, this is the place. I went one time before Thanksgiving, and they were demonstrating what comes in their Thanksgiving meal...the sample plate was a meal. Some of my favorites are the curry chicken pasta salad, chicken quesadilla, the custom sandwiches, and the rotisserie chicken.If you love gourmet, have some time to kill, and are hungry, head to Eatzi's!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/31/2014,195,195,5,10,8>I placed an order to go for 10 wings (Parmesan and sweet Thai chili). The combo came with fries and cost near $12. I LOVED my wings! The size and amount of crispiness on the outside and juicy moist chicken on the inside. Perfect wings! One thing that stuck out instantly was the flavor. The wings here aren't over salty and packed with flavor. It made me realize how salty the wings at Wing Stop are. If you love salt you may not enjoy the wings here as much as I do.  The fries were well seasoned and not overly salty. They used real potatoes and had the perfect crisp factor going on as well. The only bad thing I could possibly say is they no longer carry the chocolate chip egg rolls that other reviewers mentioned. I was looking forward to trying them but ah well. ---oh and the customer service was top notch, both on the phone and in person. I'll see you soon!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,3/30/2014,151,88,5,12,9>As you can probably tell by the other reviews on here, this place more or less has universal acclaim.  I come here every once so often and I used to come here often enough that I was a regular.  The gentleman and the lady that worked there came to knew me and it was cool being recognized whenever I walked inside.Cheap, delicious, and filling describes these empanadas perfectly.  My favorite ones are the brisket and beef criolla empanadas.  The brisket empanada is hearty and the mix of brisket with potatoes is amazing.  I like the criolla because the mix of ingredients with the beef (raisins and olives) goes well together and provides a different, interesting flavor.  Of course, you must dip the vinegary sauce so that you can get the full sensations of flavors going on in your mouth.A lot of people place their orders to go or order in bulk (for parties, office events, and etc) so you can always consider that when you come here.  The restaurant itself is sort of small / plain and set within a strip mall on belt line.  I always love seeing a family business take off and do well and I hope that they continue on in success.
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,3/29/2014,569,258,12,21,20>I came here on Thanksgiving when most of my plans dried up like a prune.  They had a $24.95 Thanksgiving meal and It looked to be the prefect balance of a nice setting but not too casual .  I called ahead for a 1pm reservation and arrived minutes earlier and was seated a few minutes early.  The servers and staff were extremely friendly considering they had to work on their day off.  I started with a tall glass of blue moon and some calamari and Santa Fe chicken dip.  I also tried the sourdough bread before the main course of the turkey dinner.The turkey dinner was served with glazed carrots, mashed potatoes, dressing, cranberry and both dark and white turkey meat.  The meal itself was pretty darn good and once again the service was awesome.  I will definitely have to go back and try other items on the menu..
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,3/28/2014,37,243,19,11,6>Cover your children's eyes before you continue reading - you have been warned,OK...so I will apologize in advance for what I am about to say but it's the absolute truth: the minute we walked in the door, my husband and I looked at each other and said "I want to have sex right now".  I'm not sure if it was the wine, or the smell of hot Italian beef in the air or a combination of both, but this place reeked of food porn hotness! Speaking of hot beef...it was THE best I've ever had. The best I tell you!!! It has officially put all others to shame. The rumors and pictorial evidence provided by others is true. Sammies are amazing and we ordered another one to take with us that was like a caprese with delish cured Italian meat product draped on top. Worth the drive - highly recommend!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,3/27/2014,29,159,2,14,8>I almost don't want to write this review because I want to save this place for myself!!We tried this place on a whim after hearing about the wait times elsewhere.  No wait, less than 5 miles from my house, AND byob??  Yes, yes, and yes!!Let's just say the highlights didn't stop there.  The service was great.  Seriously - the people there are ridiculously nice and friendly.  But more importantly, the sushi was fabulous!  We tried several dishes and they were all great:Tuna Tower - Great to start with.  Tasted extremely fresh with a little bit of kick.  Definitely something we'd order again.South Beach Roll - No rice, so this one was a little different.  I was a fan and would easily order it again.Volcano Roll - OMG.  You have to order this!  Seafood on top of sushi rolls?  Get in my belly!  This was the absolute winner of the night.Spicy Tuna - Simple but one of the best I've had!Firecracker - Definitely had a bit of a kick but wasn't super spicy.Crazy Roll - Yes please.  Was more on the "basic" side but we loved this one as well.Overall everything was REALLY good and we are thrilled to have taken a chance on this place.  The restaurant itself is pretty small (and fairly casual) so if you're planning to bring a group you may want to call ahead.  They do take out as well and have a very small delivery area (I think they said a 3 mile radius).One last thing - google maps lied a bit on the location....if you're coming from Custer, it's on the left side (not the right) in a small plaza next to Pizza Hut.
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,3/26/2014,210,336,5,10,6>I love this place! First time ordering and I had to write a review. Placed an order over the phone with a friendly employee. They quoted a delivery time of 45 minutes and it came in 30, so that was nice. As I took a slice of pizza out of the box, the consistency of the cheese was a good indication of the delicious quality. I ordered the seafood pizza (comes made with white sauce) and it had crab meat and shrimp on it, which they were not stingy with. I ordered the small and I'll be eating on it for a few days because of the large amount of toppings they put on there. They don't skimp on you! I also ordered the jalapeño poppers. You can't go wrong with those. Amazing! All in all, I definitely recommend this place. Much much better than what Domino's and Papa John's could ever serve up.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,3/25/2014,300,191,6,13,7>Wow this place was like a hole in the wall! We ordered a variety of things and most of everything was delicious! We had the Salmon Toro Sushi (2pc), Chef's Choice Sashimi Platter, Frankford Roll, Fuji Fire Roll, and Butterfly Kisses. The Toro sushi was VERY good. It was soooo soft, melted in our mouths, and it was topped with some green onions/oil that amplified its flavor. The sushi was sitting on some soy sauce/vinegar mix as well, eliminating the need to dip it in soy sauce. Next came the Fuji Fire roll. This was pretty good, but a bit simple. It had the crunch for texture and it was very refreshing. Next came the Frankford Roll. This one was HUGE. each piece was just too too big it was difficult to eat in one bite. The rolls had a bit too much rice and it really could have used some spicy mayo so we asked for some to eat it with. Next, the Sashimi Platter.. oh MY! This took a while to make but the presentation made it worth the wait. It was sooo beautiful and each sashimi was well thought out. I love that they added green onions, lemon, etc to match the flavors so that we don't get too tired of having the same raw-taste every time. Some things on our platter was raw scallops, seared sea bass, scallops in japanese mayo & avocado, medium fatty tuna, salmon, blue fin tuna, and salmon toro! Ahhhh this was soooo delicious! I just realized.. it was only supposed to be 7 types of sashimi that the chef picks out but he ended up giving us 9 types with 2-3 pieces of each one!!! Lastly, we got the Butterfly Kisses. WOW. This was the best butterfly kisses roll I've ever had in Dallas! It was soo fresh and flavorful! Definitely coming back for this. We felt like we ordered a lot of things but our bill was only $85! Sashimi is typically very expensive and with 3 rolls on top of that? I thought the pricing was very fair, I am definitely coming back here!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2014,3/24/2014,162,317,3,12,9>As we walked through the The Adolphus there were live piano player at the bar outside and many fancy dressed / buzzed older couples dancing around we've arrived at the front, we were quickly greeted and they offered the wifey coat service.  We opt for the 3 course meal starting at $80/person.   For appetizers we got Hudson Valley Foie Gras and Jumbo Lump Crab Cake the Foie Gras was amazing!!! perfectly done and the taste was amazing! but we were a tiny bit dissapointed with the crab cake it wasn't enough Crab we thought, pretty sure they use fillings that we use to make fish balls for soup (kind of like gelatin texture) more than real crab meat but it tasted ok but we've had better. the wine server (he's a different person than our waitress) he offered us a glass of moscato wine to pair with the Foie Gras which was indeed sensational! after we were done they brought us each a single serving of sorbet to clear our palate which was delightful.Onto the main course the wifey got the Slow-cooked Tenderloin Of Veal and I had the Maple Leaf Farm's Duck Breast, both we really truly enjoyed every last bite of it as we paired with a bottle of red wine. they were both done very very well the presentation and texture and taste it was indeed a 5 star course we both thought! it the 2 large pcs of Veal was very tendor and seasoned and underneath it there was more shredded I believe briskets? and my duck lol let's just said it's very similar to Hong Kong style roasted duck but don't get me wrong it was very tender and tasty!! and the portion is very nicely sized.Dessert we had Chocolate Hazelnut Crunch Torte and Valrohna Majari Chocolate Panna Cotta we manage to finish both which was surprising b/c we were really full already but the touch of the sweetness was just right it wasn't overwhelmingly sweet which was good and it was enough to help to get over all the meat / foie gras that we just had.this place have a very formal feel and is nicely decorated and jacket/dress shoes is required for men, I do feel a bit uncomfy but the food and service is truly worth the tiny trouble of dressing up! thank you THE FRENCH ROOM for giving us a great 4th year anniversary with your amazing food / service and a wonderful evening!  a SOLID 5 stars!!!!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,3/23/2014,258,235,5,10,9>Sorta really in love with this place. I would probably put it along the lines of Buffalo Exchange except smaller, more organized, better customer service, and a narrower selection of items. For sure better than Plato's Closet. I came here for the first time for their first birthday and it was so much fun! Thank you for the free drinks, cupcakes, music, and entertainment!The area was a lot smaller than I imagined it to be, making their available selections pretty limited (compared to your typical thrift stores), but that's what I really enjoy about this place. I don't have to dig through racks and racks of miscellaneous clothing, and you can be sure that everything you do go through will be great quality! I love how they are exclusive with their brands, and I was able to find so many designer items for a great price! So naturally, I picked up so many clothes that I had 2 large batches to try on. I didn't even finish looking through the entire store. There wasn't a lot of fitting rooms whatsoever, so I had to wait a while but that wasn't too much of an issue. Amazing customer service! They were extremely patient and kind, and there was always someone who was offering to help. Definitely cannot wait to come back again, considering I bought a huge bag of clothes this time around.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,3/22/2014,101,190,4,16,9>Wow. We get takeout from Avocado quite regularly, but typically stick to the super basic rolls (spicy tuna, spider roll, etc.), which are all pretty good and priced well. However, this weekend we got a big takeout order - soft shell crab roll, first love, sunshine, and spicy salmon. Holy deliciousness! Seriously, this place is really underrated (even by myself, previously). The soft shell crab roll was simply amazing, and at both ends of the roll were big crunchy pieces of tempura fried soft shell crab that made me want to eat nothing but fried soft shell crab for the rest of my life. The first love was simple, classic, and delicious, a compact roll with fresh salmon, tuna, cucumber, and avocado, topped with masago. The spicy salmon had the ideal amount of heat, with a dab of sriracha on top of each piece. My favorite was the sunshine: crab meat, cream cheese and avocado topped with very, very fresh pieces of salmon. I also regularly get the spam roll, which is like spam musubi in roll form, so if you're into that, get it. Their miso soup is good as well, although I'll admit it's hard to mess that up. In other words: TRY THIS PLACE. Tip if you live in Frisco and get that "Go!" ad in your junk mail: Avocado has GREAT coupons in there ($5 off of $25, buy one get one 50% rolls, or free edamame).
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2013,3/21/2014,54,243,9,15,12>Looks like I'm starting over with 20 Feet as their Yelp! profile changed...the pleasure is ALL mine!After now 10+ visits to 20 Feet, suffice to say, it's a favorite of mine!Some basics, to get you familiar with how 20 Feet works:- Parking always a challenge as 20 Feet shares the strip with Good 2 Go Taco, Cultivar Coffee (Inside G2G), and Goodfriends.  I usually just opt for the street and hoof it a little bit, so, take heed.- 20 Feet is BYOB...don't forget!- Upon entry, veer directly to right (notice huge arrow pointing you that way) to wrap around and get in line to order.  You get a number card for your table, folks will deliver.  Rookies always stand out as those that walk in, stand right at entrance slightly flummoxed at what they need to do next.  Now to the fare...of the many things I've enjoyed, here are my favorites:- Green Room Mussels - Ipswich Clams (huge!)- Fish and Chips with rosemary fries..oh my.-  Po Boys:  1) Fried Oyster 2) Fried Shrimp- Salmon on bed of noodles (chilled) with peanut sauce.  Has become more and more popular (GOOD!) since DMN reviewed several weeks back, and the inevitable spill-over from the always packed Goodfriends helps too.  It's a great and unique addition to this very eclectic funk-street of East Dallas.Give it a whirl...you will not be dissapointed!
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/20/2014,491,214,6,14,10>Charismatic. Toasty. Quaint. That describes the Kennedy Room.  Although it's not large enough to be worthy of a presidential press conference, it screams 'Murica with its JFK themed splendor.  Facility:As others have noted, the space is small so try not to bump into your fellow bar-mate's Jackie-O or John's John bevvie.  Yes, they even coined JFK era evoking names for their signature cocktails.  Speaking of coins - the bar top is covered in copper Lincoln heads (read: pennies) which helps their presidential theme.  Near the fire-place was a wing-back chair with JFK biographical reading material. Nice touch!  Photo-op not passed up! ;-)Offerings:The bartenders were patient as we all kept them busy with all the drink orders - signature and non-signature.  One bartender allowed me to snap a photo of him at work - thanks!  In addition to their signature cocktails, they offer a vast selection of liquor, some beer, and some wine.  At the bar they had some legit potato chips in small bowls for snacking.  Also, they have food earlier in the day but I can't speak to it.Parking:I got lucky and found what might have been the last parking spot available in their parking lot (I got there around 9pm).  I'm not sure where to park if there is nothing available there since most of uptown is valet.  Beware of areas in the parking garage you are not allowed to park in.I've only been once but absolutely loved the Kennedy Room and will return!
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2013,3/19/2014,29,58,10,18,10>Man, I f-ing love Dallas.If you want to hang out in a bar/live venue steeped in Masonic imagery, that shows Breaking Bad instead of football, where the patrons are tatted up, but just as friendly as they could be, where else are you going to live? LA? Too expensive. New York? Unfriendly. Austin? OK, sure, maybe Austin, but you live here already!Three Links wins big for the most artful and innovative decor of any space I've ever bent an elbow in. The bartenders and patrons are rockabilly/skin/punk/mod subculturalists and look cool as Hell. Whoever is in charge of how this place looks is a genius. Music is top notch, the last time I was there, the Give 'Em the Boot compilation was on, you might hear the Ducky Boys or Social D too.Drinks are surprisingly cheap, I have walked out with a single-digit tab more than once. Lots of liquids on tap, and the bartenders are quick with a shot of booze.You can get food from Fuzzy's next door, and the place is the first on Elm St (maybe in Deep Ellum) to open in the afternoon.This is the kind of bar that could only exist in Dallas, where entrepreneurs are able to experiment and pursue their vision without breaking the bank. I'll be back as many times as I can.
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,3/18/2014,0,135,15,25,16>I have to admit.  I struggled with this review.  Not because I don't think Tasty Tails is worthy of a good review, because they are.  And not because I don't enjoy myself each time I eat there, because I do.What I struggled with is how to rate my seafood experience there.  Do I compare it with the whole scheme and history of my crab and crawfish experience?  Do I only compare it to my Cajun seafood experience?  What about just compared to what I would find in Texas, the Gulf or maybe the South?  And maybe how prices compared to other crab places?In the end, I really could not separate it all out and what I was left with was my overall experience in comparison with my whole entire seafood-eating history.  Don't worry, I won't go into it.  Let's just say it's quite extensive across many, many states, countries and ranging from budget to fine dining.The dungeness crab at Tasty Tails is a good size and always sweet and fresh.  So they know how to pick their crab.  That is no small feat.  Yeah, bitter crab anyone?  And even though it is not crawfish season, their crawfish is amazingly fresh, without that frozen-thawed-refrozen stank that you can sometimes get from some places who try to pass off their crawfish as fresh, but drown it in spice so the customer can't tell it has been frozen, thawed, refrozen and cooked.Their seasoning is perfect.  I asked for mild because the cayenne can sometimes get too powerful.  The crab was in a buttery, garlicky, spice pool and the crawfish was in a bag with sausage, potato and corn cob.  Both were flavorful and finger-licking worthy.Just FYI, don't go there when you're overly hungry because it takes about 15 minutes from ordering to eating.  I usually order, then go get boba from Bobaland, then come back.  Also, if you're Asian, which I am, I have to eat my crab with rice.  So I get a plate of rice from the neighboring establishment, Palayok.  Then I hit the restroom so I can wash my hands well.  All of this takes about 15 minutes.  One time while we were eating, one of the dudes came by and asked us how everything tasted and if he could get us anything.  This is a food court, so you don't really expect this treatment from them.  But it just shows you that they care.  My only qualm is the price.  I am not a cheap skate and I will pay for quality.  I just thought I paid maybe $5 too much for the food.  It is a food court and I'm not paying for ambiance, so maybe that is where the feeling of over-paying comes from.  I just think it is a smidgen too much.So, go to Food Court (that is really the name) on Legacy near freeway 75 in Plano to partake.  Be forewarned.  The outside doors to Food Court is really, really hard to open.  It doesn't mean they're closed.  Just pull extra hard to open.  And don't step on the grass.  So there you have it.  Solid four stars for me.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2014,3/17/2014,455,247,7,15,12>My favorite meal hands down is brunch.  The large volume of people dining inside and outside in the patio combined with the amount of people waiting is a good and a bad thing, good because it must be worth trying and bad because that means you'll have to wait as well.I typically brunch here on Sundays and if you come early enough your wait won't be too crazy.  Don't let the wait deter you from experiencing Jonathon's.  The parking situation is also a bit of a pain the butt.  It's very narrow, unpaved, and hard to find good parking, but it will be worth it, I promise!The chicken and waffles lives up to the hype.  The chicken is perfectly crispy and flavored and the waffle is the perfect compliment.   Dad's Benedict sounds simple enough-- english muffin, two eggs, ham, hollandaise, and potatoes.  The hollandaise sauce definitely makes this dish.  Ugh so good I am salivating at the thought of it.The coffee is below average.  They could use some improvement on this area.The service is extremely friendly and welcoming.  I've only had the chance to dine outside, the view isn't great but it's nice to enjoy nature sometimes.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,3/16/2014,81,186,4,9,5>I am SO torn about this review. So much so that I've put it off for about a month. We chose Ellen's based on great Yelp reviews (thanks!) and location during a Downtown Staycation. We mosied in on a Saturday morning and were excited to see people pouring out of the building - that means that it's gotta be good! And it totally was! But the crowd could have also been due to poor layout of Ellen's. There are 50-60 seats not including the bar. We were sat at a 3-top tall boy right next to the door and ended up nearly sharing our table with hungry wait-listers because they kept getting closer and closer as we ate. I really wish that they would have thought through the concept a little more thouroughly. Cute? Absolutely. But functional? Not so much.Okay - enough with the sob story and onto the good stuff. The saving grace of Ellen's is their UH-MAZING food. We are talking slap your mama home-cooked goodness. My beau got the CFC (of course) and I got adventurous and opted for the pork breakfast tacos. I could write a 5-star review on those alone! You have to try it for yourself!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/15/2014,167,30,9,12,12>So I've wanted to try this place out since I moved to the Dallas area(two years.) I'm mad at myself for waiting this long. Seriously ticked. I ordered seven donuts, got one extra glazed for checking in on yelp! Wahoo! I also ordered the Amy's chicken biscuit that everyone had raved about. Let's start with THE biscuit: seriously massive. Definitely can feed two. The flavor was amazing, I was a huge fan of the pickles. Everything combined just worked together in an awesome way. Will for sure be back and will be ordering another chicken sandwich. Although, the one that comes with gravy and tater tots caught my eye.. So we'll see :) Onto the.. Drumroll please.. DA-DA-DONUTS: to some it would appear sad that one single person could be so excited about donuts.. But once you try these you'll know what I'm talking about. Donut one: Sadly I didn't even a bite of the Canadian healthcare(maple long john with BACON atop it.) My boyfriend devoured it about .02 seconds. I knew I should of got two.. But I thought we gonna share them.. Lesson learned the hard way hahah. The boyfriend said it was amazing(duh it's a maple donut and bacon.) Donut two and three: the extra sprinkley donuts.. :) Believe they are called the Homer! got one chocolate and one strawberry! I don't know what it is about this places dough.. But the donut seriously melts in your mouth. holy crap. Or should I say.. Holy donut.Donut four: espresso yo'self!!! not going to go into too much detail because I don't want to ruin anything but know this.. If you're a coffee nut (like myself) GET THIS DONUT. Earlier I raved about this places yeast dough.. Well, their cake donuts are just as good, I don't wanna say better cause I love them both.. (It's a tie.) this donut is a melt in your mouth chocolate cake. I loved the icing too. Mhm mhm mhm. After this donut and their awesome/bold/delicious/fresh coffee I was ready to take on the day hahaha Donut five: now the show breaking bad.. Well, it's friggin' badass. So to be daring enough to name something after the show it takes 1. Balls and 2. Hopefully a slap Walter White kinda good product. I can assure you Walt would be honored to have the donut named after the show. Just like the espresso yourself this donut is a chocolate cake donut and I'm pretty sure the icing is some sort of.. Salted Carmel..? Not sure but it was great haha. The icing here is phenomenal. Donut 6: the simple glazed donut. Best glazed donut I've ever had. Hands down. Donut 7/8: my favorite. So glad I ordered two of these bad boys. The blueberry cake donut. Between the boasting reviews and my borderline crazy obsession with blueberries I knew I was gonna love this donut. I went in with very very very high hopes- which could of ended terribly- but alas, it did not.. THANK YA JESUS hahaha. If you have never had a cake donut and you see one your first thought might be disappointment.. It doesn't look as soft or shiny as a glazed so that would make sense. Don't let that discourage you!! Try this donut!! Cake donuts are a real treat. This has to be one of the greatest donuts I have ever had in my life. Between the moist blueberry cake and the lick your fingers good icing it's like a little donut sized piece of heaven on earth :) Also, the shop is cute. Seeing a couple parents in there getting donuts with their kids before school really brought a smile to face.. The girls behind the counter really interacted great with the kids that kept talking to them. It's nice to see such a place as this is the crazy town of Dallas.Thank you hypotonic donuts for an amazing first experience!! I will be back!!! **disclaimer as I write this I am indulging in my last blueberry cake donut and drinking a glass of milk**
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2014,3/14/2014,156,285,7,9,8>I've now seen what the hub bub is about Vickery Park and I have to say: it's well deserved.Great neighborhood bar feel, which delicious food options that straddle the line between bar-food and restaurant-food. Our waitress was working a "Rosie the Riveter meets Kat Von D" look  and was very friendly, attentive (and more than a little cute). I went with her suggestion re: a draft IPA and it was delicious, as was the Brisket Sandwich with fries. Good tunes, good vibe, good food, good service.I will be back.  :)
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2014,3/13/2014,197,107,5,9,10>The daughter and I was craving boba after dinner so we decided to check out this new joint. They have two sizes to choose from - regular and large. The large cup aka fat cup was so cute that I wanted to get it. Maybe on another day when I just didn't eat dinner! For the toppings, you have your choice of boba, lychee jelly, grass jelly, pudding, and mixed jelly. As far as flavors, you'll find your usual milk teas/teas, smoothies, and slushies options. You can also order food here from a side of fries to a pork chop and rice entree.There's plenty of seating, tables, and a couple of leather chairs.  No frills, just a clean and simple layout.  We didn't have to wait long for our drinks. Daughter got her usual lychee slush with mixed jelly. The slush needed a little more liquid but flavor was good. I went with the jasmine green milk tea with boba, and I really liked it. The boba was just right and not too chewy. We both agreed we would come back again to try out more flavors, and maybe sample some of their food.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,3/12/2014,130,122,12,16,18>Cosmos...what can you say about this place  that hasn't already been said.  Oh hell..I'll just say it and if I repeat some else's thoughts then oh well!  Cosmos is dark, cozy and friendly.  I'm sure I've met you there before, but because it was late, dark or the side effects of the retro juice.. I don't remember you.  If it seemed like I was disinterested in your conversation, it was because I was watching a classic VHS movie on the tv in the corner.  It was probably Serpico, Rocky, Star Wars, or maybe Back 2 the Future.  And if I seemed a bit sleepy it was because Sunday is 1/2 price pizza night and I just stuffed myself.  Maybe you saw me singing out of tune, it's because someone played a song from my high school prom on the juke box!  And last but not least, if you left because you didn't see me sitting on a cozy sofa, it's because I was standing around the fire pit on the patio.  Yes..yes..yes.. And yes all of this can happen on your next visit to Cosmos.  It's that much fun and it's where the cool kids play!  Yeah Cosmos is one of those great dive bars and no matter what, you can't change that.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2013,3/11/2014,1511,368,13,12,11>I go to the gym......so I can eat HERE!!! Its been almost a year since I had been back here. How I ever lost it from my radar Ill never know. Talk about the perfect hungover breakfast/brunch meal. The omelets are awesome and HUGE. Literally it comes on a plate of its own. The darn thing deserves its own zip code. Ive made an attempt at eating the whole thing in one sitting but lets be honest, it might never happen despite how hard I try. Ive attempted to try to break out of my habit and order something new but it never happens. The omelet is my go to and it never fails me. This last time a friend of mine ordered the apple pancake. The thing came out looking like a GIANT soggy chicken fried steak and it smelled amazing! Needless to say, she claimed it tasted better than it smelled. I enjoyed my omelet and took her word for it. In the summer you want to get here early on the weekend. The place fills up quick and you'll wait for up to an hour some times(yes its worth it to wait an hour). In winter the wait isnt as bad. As Texans most of us cant stand the cold so no one wants to sit outside and freeze. The wait never ends up being more than 15 minutes. Overall, a great place to go! Very casual. Go in hungover or not, no one will judge you or know the difference. No joke, you'll see people in their PJ's sometimes. Its a no judgement zone.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,3/10/2014,686,887,7,16,12>Just when I thought all boba tea places are the same, Bobaland shocked me! I walked in not realizing what was in store for me. I was expecting the usual milk or plain teas with coffee. They offer so much more than that here. Of course, there's the usual. They also have a second menu on the wall to the right. Drinks vary from white phoenix to red galaxy. Sounds crazy and out of this world, right? They are!!! I got a sample of the red galaxy and it was freaking delicious!!!!! there's sweet basil seeds with jelly in a strawberry black tea mix drink. It would be delicious with grey goose, but that's just my opinion :-D I settled for their mango green tea. It was pretty refreshing. Be sure to ask for light on sweet if you don't want it be too sweet. It was perfect! a small drink to make my day! I will definitely be back when I'm in the area!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2013,3/9/2014,178,175,9,15,10>Have you ever eaten a burger that you wished didn't have an end to it? This is one of the few places I've made that wish. The burger that is named after their company, The LA burger,really had a lot going for it. It's got the crunch of the Kim Chi, a kick from the jalapeños, and an egg to top it off. The patty is not a monstrous piece of meat but rather soft and you could tell it's just meat that is ground up, seasoned and cooked on a grill; the way it's suppose to be. All at a price that is very reasonable (if you're the owners, please disregard that last statement as I think the price is just high enough to get me to not go to the other restaurant). I'll definitely be back to try their other burgers.
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,3/8/2014,973,92,42,48,43>The once desolate area of downtown Plano now has a "hidden gem" restaurant that everyone should try. Uniquely designed with an outdoor rooftop bar, our party was unable to partake due to the freezing weather. Next time Urban Rio.A group of us came here for a bday celebration and to enjoy some great Tex-Mex.Since we had such a large party and the restaurant doesn't take reservations, I expected a long wait. The hostesses weren't super helpful and we waited over an hour and a half until someone begged them to let us take the empty party room.  But all was forgiven when the food arrived. Our waiter (Shawn) on the other hand was fabulous, fun, and very thoughtful. I'm coming to you next time Shawn!After a round of ritas, I also ordered the picadillo beef empanadas which has ground beef, potatoes, carrots and serrano peppers. Mmmm carbs. In addition to that, I ordered the Shea's Tamale Pie and I was ready to eat. The empanadas were tasty but I could've done without. It's not something I'd ever truly crave again. It just tasted like a regular meat pie. Not bad, but at the same time not super fantastic and they were tinyyyy.The Tamale Pie on the other hand was awesome in the most nontraditional Tex Mex way.  Served in a cast iron dish, it seemed like Christmas when it was placed in front of me. I was so hungry by then, I was getting dizzy.  There was a great amount of flavor and the texture was everything I wanted. Basically a "tex-mex pot pie". With potatoes, corn, peppers and chicken, it was baked in chipotle cream sauce and cheese. I'm happy to say it was a very satisfying dish.The end of our meal was complete with two homemade cakes. I got one slice of each because I'm such a pig.  One is a light white cake topped with cream and fruit and a blue velvet cake.  There's always room for dessert.Successful celebration for sure!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,3/7/2014,387,212,9,10,7>This could be the greatest thing to ever happen to Dallas.  No, but seriously.  It's AWESOME!  Where else can you throw a Frisbee, while playing chess, while listening to a free live concert, while your kids play on a rocking awesome playground, while you munch on some seriously sick food from the trucks, laying down in the GRASS, in the middle of downtown?  Riddle me that one Batman!
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2013,3/6/2014,209,195,7,12,8>This place never looks like it has customers when I drive by, so I was a bit anxious about the place. I think it's because everyone parks at the bbq joint next door. I love hot dogs and this place has great variety. Three of us for lunch on Thursday. It was busy, not crowded, but constant customers coming in. We ordered a chili cheese dog (they give you a choice of frank or kielbasa), a burger dog and I had a sea dog. I don't think my daughter realized the burger dog was going to be sliders on a dog bun. But she did enjoy it. The chili cheese dog was your typical hot dog with c&c, but the cheese was graded cheddar and there was plenty of chili on it. It looked very good. My friend ate every bite. I also brought one home for my husband. We put it in the oven for about ten minutes and he thought it was very good.My sea dog was excellent! I know, I said I loved hot dogs, but I am trying to cut a few calories and this was a rare  opportunity to go there for lunch. The sea dog was fried cod on a foot long bun. The cod was flavorful, plump and the breading was light and crispy. the best thing about all of these dogs was the bun. Had to be the best hot dog bun I've had. It's like they used a slide of oblong Texas toast and put a perfect toasting on it. That's the best I can do to describe it. We also had an order of onion strings and the mac and cheese. Both were good.Plenty of condiments on a counter, including jalapenos. The only negative was the counter stools around the perimeter. We managed to snag a table right when our food was ready, but almost had to sit on those stools. There are no footholds on the stools or along the wall. Very uncomfortable.Counter service was good. We asked a bus boy if they had to go menus and he brought us back a couple in short order, along with a to go bag for the onion strings.  Can't wait to go back and try a real hot dog.
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,3/5/2014,51,25,14,13,12>Nothing gets me yawning faster than either a) the bite of the Tsetse fly, or b) the notion that I'll soon be eating kebabs of some variety. So, I practically sleep-walked (slept-walked?) into Alounak, shrugging aside the odd glance at my full-on "Juicy" sweats ensemble (apparently these aren't PJs, but are for wearing out?!). Usually, I don't care about atmosphere too much, as I would eat good fried chicken off a wet dog (if he, for some reason, chose to bring it to me), but this place definitely deserves mention. It's small, intimate, well-designed, and just the place if'n you want to totally impress that cute Dungeons and Dragons player you've been ogling mid-battle.To the food! Pretty much any meal you order comes with free soup, which is on a rotating schedule. I've had several; one was a smoky lentil preparation, another was a lemony broth with bits of veggies and barley. Both were delicious, rich with flavor, and are a great start to the meal (if you like starting a meal with another, smaller meal). Appetizers: #24- Falafel: A great take on this dish, the falafel were light, crispy, and a little more earthy than the others I've had. An excellent choice at only $4.00#26- Kashk-E-Badenjan: This was seriously awesome! The eggplant is roasted and reduced down to a creamy, dark, garlic-y spread, and topped with a bright and tart whey-based sauce. All at the table nervously eyed the dish as it was being passed around, poison-powder-containing-rings opened and at the ready, worried that it would be gone before they could have seconds. Entrees:#5: Lamb Shish Kabob: Get this dish. Get it now. I see you over there not getting it. You, most of all, get it! Seriously, this is the most tender, well seasoned, juicy lamb OF ALL LAMBDOM (all bets are off if you try to get this cooked more than medium). Served on a bed of sublimely prepared rice-Rice interlude: Oh my car this rice! It's toothsome, buttery, light, caring, and it laughs at all your jokes. Vietnamese broken rice can go clothesline itself. Indian Basmati rice can SIT ON A TACK. American short-grain rice. . . well, that's too easy a target. This rice, whatever the species, is #1 prime slice-o-rice apocalypse! So good!- (waking from interlude) all kabob platters come with additional salad, because three pounds of food is simply not enough for one person to consume in a single session. Other dish Cliff Notes: #1 Koobideh- charbroiled, savory-seasoned beef skewers. Fantastic! Pro tip: You can add one skewer for $3 to any plate! #7 Khoresht Gheimeh Bademjan- A thick and hearty eggplant and beef stew topped with shoestring potatoes. What a dish! There's more and more here, but I simply can't list it all. Suffice it to say that there's not been a bad pick yet. Please give this place a try; I'm worried. Worried because they're shoved way back in the no-man's land across coit from Kroger and you literally cannot see the sign except in like one 2-degree spread while you're standing in the middle of oncoming traffic. Kabobs were once my waking nightmare: sodden, limp veggies effectively preventing your meat from attaining that perfectly-seared exterior, but thanks to Alounak, they now represent that subtle spark of human ingenuity that propels us, as a people, into the starry expanse of the kabob flavor universe, staking our claim for generations yet to come. "What?""Dude, it's cool.""Oh!"
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,3/4/2014,148,132,7,11,9>I haven't had delicious sushi for over a year.  So after reading all the rave reviews about Densetsu and my friend suggesting that we go for lunch today, I was more than ready to go.  I went in with an empty stomach and a big appetite, ready to take on the magical place that everyone spoke about.  Walking into the restaurant, we were greeted by a sweet waitress and asked where we'd like to be seated.  The restaurant was crowded with a lunch diners so we requested to sit at the sushi bar.  The friendliest sushi chef greeted us and made our sushi rolls soon after we ordered.  The sushi bar staff was really attentive and made sure everything tasted great!  I ordered the golden spicy tuna roll and my friend ordered the pink dragon roll.  I need a moment to reminisce on the sushi rolls I tasted.Another moment.Sigh.. Oh sweet Jebus, both rolls were delicious.  I haven't had quality sushi in so long that this was a pleasant surprise.  The pink dragon sushi melted in my mouth and the crunchiness from the tempura on the golden spicy tuna roll was absolute perfection.  After one giant and delicious roll, I was as happy as a clam with a full tummy and even happier taste buds.  I have no idea why I haven't tried Densetsu before.  I don't know why I've been deprived of such a place for so long.  I will be returning soon.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2013,3/3/2014,322,339,16,19,12>The Granada is greatness. They often have semi big names, cult classics, and fantastic local bands. As a shorty, I love that I can see the stage most of the time. Dancing can be difficult unless you go directly in front of the stage, which I may or may not have participated in. Mostly though, I hang out on one of the levels. The prices are good as well. It's not often you can afford to see live music twice or three times a week, but you can at the Granada. I have learned a few things in my life, and one of things is not to skip dinner when you are going to have a few beers. Another thing I learned is to not wear a bra made of duck tape when you are going to see a live band like the White Ghost Shivers play at the Granada. I learned that a combination of the two can be disastrous.Yeah. The Granada is the setting of those kinds of nights. Legendary and scarring at the same time.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,3/2/2014,240,410,8,15,13>I think that I had the best slice of pie I have ever had from Emporium.  Yep.  I think so.The storefront itself is cute; small seating area, big windows in front, cozy.  Elaine is even more adorable...so friendly and fun.  She's like that aunt who you want to bake cakes with while watching HGTV from the kitchen on Saturday morning.  She told me to put the table top pie slices in the oven for 4 min on 400 degrees to warm them up and make them even better...reminding me...just like a sweet aunt would...to watch it and not forget because every oven's 400 degrees isn't the same.  Megan was very friendly too...she made me want to share my pie with her :)The pies...get out of town now.  I ventured in to get a sampling of pies for us to try.  Boy am I glad I trekked on in.  My favorite was a really close tie between the Snowball and the Cloud Nine.  I think the Cloud Nine won this one. In order of yumminess to me:Cloud Nine (caramel butterscotch with brown sugar merengue)Snowball (coconut cream)Smooth Operator (chocolate french silk)Drunken Nut (bourbon pecan)Buttermilk Blitzen (buttermilk pie with a holiday/eggnog spice to it)You can taste the bourbon in the Drunken Nut.  I was a little surprised by it but it was a good surprise.  The Buttermilk Blitzen was my least favorite, but if you like the taste of eggnog/holiday-like flavors, it might be a win for you; the spice taste is stronger than the buttermilk flavor.  The Smooth Operator was good - very good.  I mean, it was the first one I sampled and I was like, "Gahhhhhhh!  The pretzel crust is amazing!  The rest won't be able to live up to this onnnnneeeeeee!" UNTIL, I sampled the Snowball.  I. ate. the. whole. slice.  And, I. want. another. one. today.  Yep, that good my friends.  That good.  The crusts on these pies are so perfect it is sickening.  The coloring, the flakiness.  I ended up trying the Cloud Nine later...I don't know if it is because I didn't try it with the others or if it truly did beat out the coconut (snowball), but this one was crowned King.  I felt so happy just eating it.Each slice is $5 which is steep.  It is.  Whole pies are $30 with the Lord of the Pies (deep dish apple that looked amazing) coming in at $40.  I would KEEP one of these pies in my fridge if they were a tad more affordable.  On the flip side though, they remain special this way...a treat.  Annndddd, I won't pack on 50lb before summer from eating pies.  The presentation shouldn't be missed...the slices are individually wrapped and placed in these little baskets and then hand tied...its another layer of "specialness."  I also tried an iced latte that I sweetened with a no calorie sweetener (I mean, I have to save calories somewhere right?)...it was okay; small for $4...next time I'll just swap that for another slice of pie :).Run fast.  Get some.  Experience the positive change in life perspective that these pies cause.  Then go change the world. :)
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2013,3/1/2014,189,239,7,11,9>A store that doesn't sell anything more than $5!!!  I am in love!  I am a huge fan of dollar stores, and I think that this is just fancier version of one.   Need a new iPhone charger?  Phone case?  Party supplies?  Candy?  Holiday stuff?  Toys?  Travel stuff?  T-shirt with a funny slogan?  College gear?  Well you get the point, this place has it ALL and for under $5.   Yes, you can also find cheap crap, but it's super fun to look around and find the treasures.  During my last visit I bought 2 iPhone5 cases, a box of bazooka gum (I haven't seen this stuff in so long, I was super excited and HAD to HAVE it!), a birthday card and a pair of Halloween socks.  All that for just $12!   The quality of the cases probably are not the best, but for just $2.50, they will work just fine!This location is pretty organized and the staff are all helpful and seem happy to be at work!  Five Below has much better items than your basic dollar store ..go check it out..Now!
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,2/28/2014,187,236,11,12,10>With the 10 for 20 deal, and the free hummus that comes with a check-in, my friend and I got four tapas, baklava, and a glass of wine for 30 dollars. TOTAL. That's pretty flipping awesome.The hummus is very good, and I scarfed it down with lots of pita (light and fluffy!) before dismay-ingly realizing that we had also ordered babaganoush. I was out of pita bread. WHY UNIVERSE WHY. Also, I'm totally against this idea of "date night" hummus being garlic free. Hummus and garlic are forever together. It's what gives hummus that extra kick. What, just because you're going to make out with someone, you can't experience the way hummus SHOULD taste? Even though both of you would have garlic breath if you stopped being sissies? Isn't that a bonding experience?"Hey, I really like you, we just both had some phenomenal hummus, and it's the end of the evening. Let's revel in the fact that our mouths vaguely taste of awesome and just go for it."Vegetable dolmas and lamb rolls were perfect. What was weird was the beef pirashki. So many strange flavors going on at once--my mouth just could not comprehend it.We finished off with baklava, and we were brought two glasses of complimentary port. This was a night of lots of free things, which made me pretty ecstatic.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,2/27/2014,307,314,5,12,8>OMG! These pickles are goooood. If you're someone who craves salty snacks check it out the next time you're at Dallas Farmers Market. They are located inside the enclosed building at the market. I had little expectations that the pickles would taste any different than what I buy at the corner store but boy was I wrong. They offer a variety of pickled items and flavors, which include cucumber (not to be confused with pickles), cauliflower and their famous "spicy chicken pickle" just to name a few (check out their website for more info on the flavors). I asked why they call their chicken flavor "spicy chicken" considering it doesn't taste like chicken and I was told that their processing room smells like fried chicken when they mix the spices for the pickling and that's how they came up with the name. There was a couple ahead of me that was visiting from out of state and they were purchasing several flavors to take home. I bought the spicy chicken because it was my favorite and I had eaten half of the container before I made it home. They are pricier compared to what you buy at the grocery store.  I paid $6 for a small container but they were so worth it. PS: I overheard the owner telling another customer that the pickles were featured on the Oprah Winfrey Show and her website promotes the same thing.  (Support Small Local Businesses)
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,2/26/2014,308,111,8,17,12>With utmost respect to my fellow and valued Yelpers, Sarah Y and Kaia Papaya, Tanoshii may have gotten their act together. Went with a buddy on Saturday night of the Index Festival around 9pm and, yep, it was packed. JAM-packed. Was told wait would be 45 min to an hour but the bar was open seating so we opted to be vultures and stare at bar patrons till they got uncomfortable and left.The bartender was, for some reason, very attentive to us while we stood in a random space--despite the fact we were two dudes and not two hot chicks. Ordered two Kirin Ichibans and after about 10-12 minutes of staring, a couple left the bar and we snarked their seats.Two bartenders were working and were absolutely on point with service. And friendly, too. NOW HERE'S WHAT YOU NEED TO READ: We ordered for starters the braised pork belly bun. It came out very quickly AND WAS AWESOME!!!! Holy cow! Or Pig! The bun was pillowy soft and delicious--a hint of sweet--and the braised pork rivaled Lockhart's beloved brisket in my opinion. That means it was real good. Good LORD it was incredible. Can't say enough about it.I ordered the yellow curry ramen with mussels and prawns, with a touch of coconut, and it was serviceable. Didn't blow me away, but with the addition of the spicy powder mix they have as a condiment plus the chili oil, it was good.Friend got lemon grass ramen and loved it. It was full of good looking stuff, including a gyoza-style dumpling that I sampled. Seemed really solid. Plus I'm a sucker for dishes with soft- or hard-boiled eggs, or fried eggs, too.The whole time the joint was hoppin' and they seemed to process people waiting in line fairly well.I am thrilled this place is in Deep Ellum and intend to become a regular if I can afford to.Bar has all the standard beers you'd expect at a ramen shop. Menu is simple without overwhelming amount of options, in a good way. Decor completely transformed Baker's Ribs into a different look. Nothing remains of the old stuff.Thumbs up!
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,2/25/2014,320,520,3,17,11>I've always had a love for restaurants that can provide more for their guests other than the normality of dining...walking in, being seated, and ordering items that have been seen over and over.  To my surprise, as soon as I walked into Tei Tei, I was shocked by the energy of this place because from the outside, it looks to possibly be closed.  Unfortunately, they don't take reservations, but they have a decent sized bar in the back of the restaurant for waiting.  We had an hour wait, and in the midst of that hour, we explored some pretty great drinks and eats.I really like that Tei Tei offers a variety of mixed cocktails.  The sake'tini is so light and refreshing.  I was in the mood for a glass of champagne, and thankfully, Tei Tei serves it by the glass, which is another great thing about this place since none of my friends wanted to share a bottle with me.  While we waited, we decided to try the Chamame, which is a more flavorful type of edamame.  They were great for sharing and we were glad we ordered them since they really did have more flavor. The highlight of the night was the Cornflake Shrimp!  I've never thought that I could have a love for cornflakes combined with shrimp until experiencing this masterpiece.  Instead of having regular batter fried around shrimp, there were extremely savory cornflakes.  To make the dish even more fun to eat, the dipping sauce that accompanied the shrimp was so good that once we were done with the shrimp, we got the leftover cornflakes and cleaned the plate eating the remainder of the sauce.  I will never come back here without ordering this as an appetizer.  I highly recommend it!The Lobster Roll was great, but I still had the Cornflake Shrimp on the brain.  The Chilean Sea Bass was good, but I've definitely had better.  I wouldn't order it again because it was nothing special.The dumplings were amazing.  They were seasoned perfectly and we all had a deep appreciation from trying them since they weren't the normal dumplings from other places.I had a wonderful experience here and I am sure I'll return very soon!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/24/2014,205,238,16,17,16>Love me some Luke in the wine department! I'd been looking everywhere for a particular wine with no success. I'd met Luke a couple of weeks ago and asked for it; gave him my number in case he found it. I'd done the same at other wine stores. Thought I was out of luck when, Bingo! Luke called and said he'd found it in Austin. He ordered a case and said I could have as many or as few bottles as I wanted! And gave me a discount on what I did buy. He said, "I can likely get anything you want if its available."Still haven't heard from the other stores. Luke is the real deal! Go see him; he'll make your day!
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,2/23/2014,137,147,10,16,12>Damn, we felt like we were riding the crest of a wave that was about to break with seemingly everyone in Dallas going to Trinity Groves last Saturday night. When the weather is nice and the outdoor patios are in full swing at all these restaurants this will be a fun spot. On a coldish January night it was still great.  And this was my favorite meal in a long while. Complex dishes with interesting ingredients and full flavor.After our first selection (the anchovies) we smiled at each other because of the promise it showed. Each plate thereafter built on that success with no misteps. Outstanding meal. Good atmosphere. Excellent service.The iberico ham we tried was really delicious. There's a lot of care involved on the meat boards. We had the chorizo and the lardo, but I'm sure any selections will be nice. The lardo was wrapped around pieces of pickled radish with orange blossom honey drizzled over it. Beautiful. I personally loved the salted and grilled bread. It is smoky but wonderful. Even the accompaniments like sunchokes, beets and shaved fennel added tasty variety to the meats. Really well done.Favorites from the "complex dishes" were the lamb belly which others have mentioned, and a polenta special with iberico ham, shaved black truffle, chanterelles and a soft boiled egg. Very extravagant and comforting. Others we had didn't shine as much but were still good (bacalao, octopus and pork jowl).Dessert was the milk and honey which had pieces of flash-fried brioche with honey ice cream and honeycomb brittle. It was fantastic and for some reason I deferred and gave most of it to my dining partner. She tasted one bite and went straight into having text exchanges with the milk and honey followed by a topless snapchat that was really over the line, and eventually babbled on about what snooty private schools their offspring would go to.Speaking of my dining partner, as a former chef, she has a gift for asking an absurdly difficult question about a menu item which tends to cause the waiter to stare blankly and then amble off to the kitchen to ask for help. Casa Rubia's staff handled all her questions with aplomb, while guiding us well through the menu and coursing things nicely. I even had a little beard-man-crush thing going on which was all good. So Casa Rubia, well done! Go while you still have a chance to get in.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,2/22/2014,212,80,11,15,13>I am a huge fan of El Paisa.Mexican cuisine is more than just corn, rice and beans - three items that continue to play an essential role in helping ' the cuisine what it is today.El Paisa serves some seriously tasty Mexican food with the 3 essentials.Don't be fooled by appearance. Food quality, homemade chips&salsa, price, and service are all fantastic.This is my go to restaurant when we are ready for good Mexican food.Excellent food & service. Interesting menu choices. I enjoy much better than the busy,crowded chain Mexican restaurants. I believe it is locally owned & operated.The food is traditional.Good service and nice atmosphere.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,2/21/2014,477,163,6,12,13>Love PLS! I have never been disappointed with the food, drinks or staff. The drink menu changes constantly and I really like that about this place. All of the drinks are crafted by mixologist who really know what they are doing and all of the ingredients used in the drinks are very fresh. For the small bites, my two favorites are the Mac and cheese and the buffalo chicken flat bread.It's not loud inside so you can actually have a conversation and you can also enjoy their patio which overlooks Mockingbird Station.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,2/20/2014,861,398,18,28,22>If you are like me and consider walking around the grocery store a perfect shopping day, you will love RD.  Mostly, I just come here for the meat.  Prices are not meant to be rock bottom but are consistently low (no basing your needs on what is on sale) and way better than the butcher shop.  Selection and quality is what separates RD from the warehouse clubs and grocers.  I need to avoid going here unless I have a specific purchase planned otherwise I'm like a gambler blowing my paycheck.  Service is a plus too.  Everyone is really nice and extremely knowledgable about product.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2013,2/19/2014,108,213,14,16,16>We went to a Stars game recently and afterwards traffic was backed up all around the AAC.  The only logical thing to do when you're faced with this situation is find a place to drink a beer.  That's where Shooters comes in.  It's located right outside of the AAC. It's pretty small, but they've got a decent patio and TVs everywhere.  The music was blastin' and a couple of cougs were reliving their hair band days.  Lots of entertainment.  We downed a couple of Newcastles and tried some chips and queso.  The beer was nice and cold and the queso wasn't too bad.  They've got a pretty good beer selection and the menu looked decent. I probably would've given Shooters 3 stars this time around, but there was a little drama when we were there.  Some DB started treating his girlfriend bad.  The staff stepped in right away and bounced him.  Then they made sure she was ok.  The owner even gave her his cell phone number and offered to help her when she left.  That's a stand up thing to do, so they get an extra star from me.I wish we had known about Shooters before coming to the game.  We would have gotten there early for some pre-gaming.  Oh well next time, and there will definitely be a next time.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,2/18/2014,1025,261,9,36,18>It's rare that you go to a place that changes how you look at everyday life. We all have said things like a certain restaurant or dish has changed our lives, but how often do we really mean it? Sometimes my career can be pretty stressful, so I frequently am on the lookout for something relaxing. I started to look into meditation and came upon the listing for the Raja Yoga Meditation Center in Farmers Branch. They have a beginner's class, but my work hours are so crazy, I couldn't have attended any of the classes. I called and asked if there were any other options, and they were more than happy to accommodate my schedule. Everyone was so nice and awesome. You could feel the positive vibes even through their voices on the phone.I went to the center a few times a week and got my lessons on the whole meaning and practice of Raja Yoga. No matter what religion you follow, no matter what you do for a living, no matter what you believe in...this place will give you total perspective on what's important. For me personally, it put the important things in a clearer focus which made everything else seem a lot easier to get through.They offer a beginner's class which takes about 3 or 4 days to get through. In addition to the beginner's class, they offer advanced classes as well as other types of activities for everyday life. Everyone here is awesome. As soon as you step into the building, you feel at ease and at home. Everything is free, but they do take donations to help keep things running.This is one of my favorite places in DFW. I HIGHLY recommend trying it out!
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/17/2014,434,194,14,19,20>This place has earned the elusive 5th star, reserved only for the best of the best thanks to their consistency in the quality in their food, their new, updated and creative menu and especially for their awesome customer service. I've been coming here for some time now and it keeps getting better and tastier and more welcoming. The staff is always on their game, even when the unforeseen hits (rush of people, overwhelmed kitchen, etc.). They handle it with poise and humility. Things are getting better and better and have earned my 5th star! I can't recommend this place enough!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,2/16/2014,372,222,12,20,14>Food - 4/5Service - 4/5Price - 2/5Atmosphere - 3/5Best Dish: Pan-fried potstickersWOO HOO! YES! THANK YOU!!I work just down the street from the (new) location, so it's only natural for me to be a little excited. It gets pretty packed during lunch, especially on Fridays, so be prepared for that. I went the first Monday it opened, but I was too lazy to create a new business (sorry Yelp!) Anyways, since I've been fortunate enough to visit the restaurant a few times already I've gotten to try out more than my fair share of menu items.The best things I've had so far are the fried potstickers. The sheer size of each potsticker is amazing and you have your choice of getting anywhere from 4, 9, 14, or even 30 per order. I recommend the veggie or pork potstickers, but in all honesty -- all of them are great.The soup dumplings aren't bad either. The main issue with them is not actually the dumplings themselves, but the steamers that contain them. The steamers they use are made out of metal (instead of the customary bamboo), so the dumplings get stuck to the bottom of the container. Essentially, this makes it difficult to pick them up without breaking the shell. There's nothing worse to a soup dumpling eater than having all the soup leak out before the deliciousness reaches your mouth. When eating xiao long baos (XLBs), it should be like eating "pockets" of soup with each dumpling. Since the steamers are probably there to stay, I hope they start putting leafs of various greens (lettuce or cabbage) underneath the dumplings to alleviate the sticking issue.As for the beef noodle soup, it is quite flavorful and filling. The noodles aren't handmade like at Sichuan King in Richardson or Monkey King Noodles in Dallas, but it suffices. And considering that this is legitimate authentic Chinese food in FRISCO, I shouldn't be complaining.I've yet to try the wonton soup or stir fry plates, but just give me a week or two...Potstickers and Boba Tea has definitely made it into my rotation of about 10 restaurants in the area that I frequent during my lunch breaks. Well done!
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,2/15/2014,541,525,26,11,10>No. No. Tequila.  No. No. Chunky Guacamole. No. No. Queso Fresca. No. No.  Chicken Mole. No. No. No. Salmon de Coco. No. No. Drunk off 2 La Flaca's. No. No. No. Sweet corn tamale.  No. No. No. Crush on my server.  No. No. No. I want to move in. No. No. Mexican Mule. No. No.  Amazing patio. No. No. Betabeles Salad. No. No.  Tequila. No. No.  Stayed for 4 hours.  No. No.  Twice. No. No. Might give them my first born.  No. No. No. Seriously.  No. Stop. I love you. No. *crying* Why don't you love me back?  You showed me what its like to be loved by a place like you.  I gave you everything! See you tomorrow.  Yes.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2013,2/14/2014,320,143,22,13,14>Being rocket scientists, we tested Grapevine Happy Hour. We took our bodies of knowledge here at Friday, 4:32 pm. Our systematic enterprise was to have a good time and digest cheap drinks while conducting predictions about the universe. We also like to make discoveries and found the best bartender in Dallas named John. John is like a porn star from outter space good bartender. He builds community with personal touches conversing with regulars and making virgins feel welcome. John quickly asked if it was our first time and gave us welcome drinks.  After the first chemical reaction completed inside livers, we threw all laws of nature and rational thought out of the window and quit recording evidence. We were able to record, however: fun patio, session of basketball, brightly illuminated holiday lights, loose cannons, dirty jokes, smiles, nailing dance routines, and a marriage not yet consummated at the jukebox.Velvet Hammer and frozen girl drinks on tap. Be a Hemaoprodite and have one of each.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,2/13/2014,326,673,10,18,16>The Underpass is right next to the underpass for I-30 on Expo, thus the name. It is a renovation of a space that used to be a whole bunch of different things. Now it's a bar, which will have a kitchen set up for food eventually (yay!). They have a HUGE parking lot, and the interior space, though quite large, is welcoming. There are lots of windows, a big bar with three huge TVs mounted overhead for watching sports, and a bunch of low tables and chairs. There are a handful of picnic tables out front for smokers, and one awkward looking two-seater picnic table inside among the mix of other tables and chairs. The pool table is currently in transition (read, sideways in the back room), but will eventually get set up, along with a Buck hunter game and the few other video game type things that are already in the main room. They also do have a megatouch machine on the bar, and it has all the standard games (including erotic photo hunt!), with a 4 credit/$1 price tag (most games here cost 2 credits). The space would be great for hosting a trivia night, so I hope they are able to get that going soon! Dogs are welcome too. Unsure whether cats are also invited to the party. Perhaps most importantly, drinks are cheap ~ $3 for wells, about the same for beers, and the staff are friendly and good at what they do. Happy hour starts at 5pm according to my sources, which is great since lots of bars in the area don't even open til 7pm. The Underpass is definitely my favorite new addition to the area. Welcome to the neighborhood!!p.s. the women's restroom is super snuggly warm in the winter.
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,2/12/2014,262,320,10,20,11>Miss Chi Vietnamese is a Vietnamese restaurant inside the Dallas loop that serves real, traditional Vietnamese food in a bright setting.My Overall Rating - 4  1/2 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - Miss Chi is a long, bright, well decorated restaurant near NW Highway's busy Preston intersection.  While nothing about the restaurant screams Vietnamese, it has nice décor, a combination of tables and bar seating, and it feels fresh.  1 Star.Service - We stopped by for a very late lunch, and while all medium sized tables were full, the staff was able to set up a table for our party of 4.  Our server was nice, efficient, and had a great grasp of the menu.  While he forgot my Vietnamese iced coffee order, it was made and placed into a to-go cup.  They were very interested in what we thought, and service wise it was top notch.  1 Star.Food - Let me start by saying this is not Asian fusion.  This is not Vietnamese food tricked up.  Miss Chi Vietnamese serves legitimate, my mom's in the kitchen, Vietnamese food.  In fact, I was very surprised and impressed.  Our spring rolls were good but we could have used more peanut sauce.  The clams were very tasty with the shrimp chips.  But the start dish was Mi Quang, an egg noodle with minced pork & shrimp dish that VERY FEW places can make.  And the folks at Miss Chi Vietnamese make it well.  Finally, the Bun Bo Hue was also executed nicely with a bit of a bite.  Prices are higher than your Vietnamese restaurant in the suburbs, but then again the location is better for folks inside the loop.  1  1/2 Star.Will I Return? - Yes!  They have a larger and more authentic menu vs. Pho is for Lovers, so this is my GO TO spot for authentic Vietnamese food inside 635.  The Mi Quang was a special so I hope they add it to the menu.  Next visit I'll check to see if my mom is working in the kitchen.  1 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,2/11/2014,1812,527,34,14,19>Legs and Eggs yeah baby...Thursday Steak and Lobster Special Vodka Tonic and me getting molested by a Russian Stripper....Pardon my french I mean "Adult Entertainer" 'How the ladies like to be referred...This is my kinda place.  You don't eat meat, thats ok they have an excellent Salad you can toss, Ceasar Salad that is *Eye Candy*Stiff drinks and Clients *It's only entertainment
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,2/10/2014,137,174,2,17,9>Lekka is fantastic.  GO...NOW!  You will be so incredibly happy you did-this place is a jem!Lekka is noticeable from the street by the plentiful chimeneas they have in front of their shop/restaurant.They have some seating inside and also a great patio with waterfalls, plants, chimes...it's very tranquil and easy to forget that you're right off busy Preston Road!Parking in the back is fairly plentiful, though they do get crowded at lunch-word must be spreading how yummy this place is!The two times I've been, I'm lame and have ordered the same thing...their Mexican version of a quesadilla (I forget what they call it in South Africa, which is what the concept is loosely based from, from what I understand the owners are from there).  The quality is so fresh and delicious; you can tell everything is made with care, from scratch.Their peach tea (which typically wouldn't appeal to me) is absolutely delicious and refreshing.  AND, you must listen to this piece if you've only skimmed this....GET DESSERT, IT WILL BLOW YOUR MIND!  Our server (who was incredibly friendly and informative) insisted we try one of their pies because their dessert chef is so talented.  We ordered it to go since we weren't hungry enough, but we took one bite and ended up finishing it right at the table!  I think it was a caramel pecan banana pie...it honestly was one of the best desserts I've ever had.  Since I inquired, I can tell you that you can order an entire cake (for $20-$40 I think, depending on size) as long as you give advanced notice.In my humble opinion, they could really benefit building their brand and awareness if they created a Web site...from what I can tell, there isn't one.Overall Lekka is EXCELLENT, and since we live closeby, we intend to make this one of our regular spots.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2013,2/9/2014,217,155,8,12,7>Pretty Damn Good!1 lb of dungeness crab in a bag of ridiculous spices for $17. I went cajun flavored and was very pleased. Crab was meaty and flavorful and dumped out on your table. Also got to try the snow crab with kitchen sink flavor and enjoyed it as well. A cob of corn is a must at 75 cents extra. There is pretty much nothing as good as corn cooked with seafood!Get ready to get down and dirty in crabville at this place, and then go use the awesome automatic hand washers that spray spinning jets of water all over your hands. amazing!!If you suck, you can get it it "uptown style" where they pick the crab out for you so you don't get messy. What the hell? But, I can't blame them for catering to their neighborhood. ;-pI will have to go to Boiling Crab next to see who wins the Crab Off.But for close proximity to downtown and 2 messy thumbs up deliciousness, I would definitely recommend this place!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,2/8/2014,194,203,7,13,9>With less than a week before my coupon expired, my family visited Alamo Drafthouse this weekend. We waited at the ticket counter for quite some time as the attendant was on the phone helping a customer. I cannot hold it against Alamo as the employee seemed to be genuinely helping whoever was on the other end. He finally greeted us after ending his call and got us taken care of quickly.Finding our seats was a bit of a task since the labels are so small. Our waitress came by to ensure we were in the correct seats and to give us a quick overview. Ordering was a breeze as I just wrote down what we wanted. I ordered the Creme Brulee French Toast with two eggs. Although the menu didn't mention eggs, the waitress assured me it wouldn't be a problem to add them. My husband and son ordered the Royale with Cheese. Our food took maybe 15-20mins to come out. I thoroughly enjoyed my french toast. The Royale with Cheese got good reviews from the family although my husband said it was a bit too small for him.Towards the end of the movie, the waitress came by with our check. I quickly noticed the two eggs I ordered cost me $4 and our kid's sized brown sugar lemonade was $4. I wrote a quick note to the waitress and she adjusted the kid's sized drink to the correct price. Even after the $20 food voucher, we still paid nearly $40 for food. OUCH! Although the food can quickly add up, we will definitely be returning as we really enjoyed ourselves. I wish I liked beer as the selection is crazy here.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,2/7/2014,107,57,11,14,11>This is MY theater of choice for the price.   It's always clean, even the bathrooms, and the seats are comfortable and roomy.  Don't expect iPic quality recliners, so therefore you won't pay iPic prices.  This theater always has a great selection of movies and even has a little cafe in the front that offers other food choices (besides popcorn, candy and hotdogs) if you want something different.  I even saw a sign that said they now offer Paciugo now.  I honestly wanna tell you that it's awful and you should go somewhere else because I don't want you all crowding up my theater, but I don't wanna be selfish... this time... ;)
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2013,2/6/2014,140,199,3,12,7>I guess Inchin has recently gotten their act together since all those previous 1, 2, and 3 stars because when my bf and I visited this past week, we were blown away!The decor itself was impressive and walking into this establishment was also very pleasant to my nose because, well, unlike most Chinese/Asian restaurants, Inchin didn't smell like they had just mopped the floor with a dead & sopping wet sewer rat.We were greeted and seated instantaneously, but then again the place was practically near empty.  I could have counted the patrons there on one hand.  We asked the waitress if it was always this dead and she said they are usually pretty empty on Wednesday evenings but get very packed at lunch time and Friday/weekend nights.  That was a relief because this place has enormous potential to be one of my favourite restaurants in the area.  And damn to hell that it's a chain - I DON'T CARE!  I wouldn't even have known if our waitress didn't tell us.  The food tasted/looked so fresh and the presentation was impressive enough.Ok, so I loved LOVED the fact that they separate their vegetarian/vegan dishes from the other stuff.  As a quasi-vegetarian (I'm a pescatarian), it is calming to the soul to be able to eat my hot & sour soup without worrying whether or not there are meat particles floating in there or if the soup broth was made from a baby cow's head.  So yeah, this place is so winning with me!!I've only been here once but I live close enough to frequent several times a week.  And I might since I am not very domestic.  So far, I've had the veg hot & sour soup, the veg spring rolls (just pass on this; the veggies were mushy inside and while that may be a thumbs up for some, I like the inside of my spring rolls to have texture), and the burnt chili garlic fried rice.  Two out of three items were 5 stars!  And when I asked for my entree to be very spicy, ladies and gentlemen, it came out very spicy!!!  Hallelujah.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2013,2/5/2014,57,857,1,9,5>I could easily go 4.5 stars for Hibiscus. We went there for my birthday and it was a great experience, nearly perfect in every way.We started with the Smoked Salmon pimento with homemade lavash bread ($13). It was really tasty, not too salty, and you could really taste the salmon. The portion was not huge but enough for two to share and not get stuffed before the meal arrived. For entrees, I ordered the tuna and it was by far the best I ever had ($28). Perfectly cooked, the tuna was so tender that you literally did not have to chew it. It came with a spicy sauce with serrano peppers that I really enjoyed. Mine was a tad too salty, and I do mean a tad, and could have been hotter. But it was excellent so these are just quibbles. My mom got the scallops, which came four to an order ($30). She could only eat three so I ate the fourth and it was prepared absolutely perfectly. It could not be better. It came with a spicy hatch and corn base. The wife got an off the menu special, oxtail ($32). It too was excellent and wonderfully flavorful. She loved it. The three of us shared an order of the classic mac n' cheese, and although all of our meals were excellent, this stole the show ($10). It was the best mac n' cheese any of us had ever tried. Smooth and creamy, the flavors were deep and developed. Our server told us that they use 7 cheeses, and when we inquired, she could name five and then found out the other two. Somehow, we had room for dessert and got the apple pie to share ($9). It was enormous, almost the size of half a regular pie. I told the server that we ordered a piece of pie, not a pie! Like everything else it was excellent, and we took half of it home. There are also craft beers that range in price from $5-7. I got the Belgium ale and loved it. There is also an extensive wine list but I am not a wine drinker so I can't say much.The service was spot on, attentive but not pushy. Our server (Stacy) was very knowledgeable about the menu and could answer all our questions. She was friendly and engaging. Good tip for her!Overall, this is a perfect spot for an occasion (birthday, anniversary, etc.), to bring people from out of town whom you want to impress, or simply if you are in the mood for an upscale meal. I loved the entire experience and although it is not inexpensive, I think it the overall experience is worth it. I look forward to returning.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2013,2/4/2014,95,115,5,9,6>The SETTING:  Two (2) visits since they opened this new locationSo, based on my check-in history, it's no secret that I fell in love with EH Snyder Plaza...perfect vibe, great food, and only $2 more that the standard disappointing sandwich places I had been settling for during lunch.  After about 15 visits there, I have found the 3 items I like cycling between (Fried Chicken + Jack, Turkey-Bacon-Avocado, Lobster Roll).I'm always nervous when trying the "new location" of a young restaurant.  Oftentimes, the superior staff that makes location one popular doesn't translate (whether by food quality or service), and there's a LOT of food options in Shops of Legacy.  That being said, EH Legacy has so far delivered...and delivered well!  Same food quality (I tried the FC+J and the TBA) and a little more room to breathe since the space is larger.  I imagine the larger patio out front will be nice come spring (not so much right now though), especially for Happy Hour since they cycle craft beers every few months.The Bottom Line - Two for two, EH.  Two for two...
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,2/3/2014,71,207,4,10,6>What to say about Abe? I love this little place. I get takoyaki and sunomono for appetizers every time I go. The food is very well priced, and you get a little cup of frozen yogurt after your meal! I'm pretty darn fond of the udon soup, while my boyfriend always get bento boxes. The food comes out piping hot and delicious, and I adore the presentation.The restaurant is pretty small, so I try to go at off-peak hours. I've only had to wait for a table once, when I went during dinnertime, and even then it was only about a five minute wait. They play great music, and usually have something good on the televisions.The sushi is good, but not spectacular - there's better sushi out there. This place still keeps its 5 stars for having the only takoyaki I've been able to find in Dallas!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,2/2/2014,88,306,8,11,7>Olivella's is a slightly casual brick oven pizza place, with some other italian dishes thrown in for good measure.  It's not terribly large, and from the outside, it's hard to know what to expect because like everything in Dallas, (at least to me) all restaurants look like they are part of an outdoor shopping mall!It's not huge inside - but they do have a patio and a little bar with maybe 10 seats or so.  It's relatively casual meaning it's not a pizza take-out place with those menus up above the counter; it's a more upscale version of that.  They sell beer and wine and sangria, there's a little bar, it's cozy - sure people come in and out to pick up pizzas - but it's not some grimy neighborhood pizza joint.  It's got some class and pride.-This place claims to have had the third pizzeria ever established in Naples, Italy. (Which begs the quesiton, who was first?).  This, and the brick oven should clue you in as to what kind of pizza to expect.  This isn't your typical huge-slice-over-cheesed-greasy slices.  This is thin crust (or even cracker-style crust) made with really fresh and clean ingredients.-They serve two styles of pizza here - a "Regular" which is a thin crust round pizza, and a "Metro" which is "roman style" - rectangular and a cracker-style crust.  All of them are very shareable, and the shareable food and semi-casual atmosphere make this a really solid place to take a date.-I ate way too much.  I could have had the salad and bread and been done, but feeling that it was my civic duty (?) I had a little of everything!-The chicken campania salad was really nice.  It's a side-salad-sized-salad that was simply prepared - not drowning in dressing (ie: clean).  It had some mixed greens, chicken, corn, 1/2 a slice of bacon on top, and a light pomegranate-olive oil dressing.  It was a good little starter.-The Lasagna was unlike any I've ever had before, and some may find this a bad thing.  Me, I liked it.  Most lasagnas are overly cheesy, over-stuffed with ricotta - but that's what we know and love.  That's how I make it at home.  This lasagna is mainly noodles - like a 6 or 7 layers of a nice dense pasta (made from scratch, I assume?).  There is the cheese(s), and the sauce and the meat - but it's really mainly pasta.  I love pasta - Carbs in general - and the sauce here is so clean tasting that I really liked their take on lasagna.  Again - a good date-dish as the chances of you having string cheese dripping from your mouth is minimal!-We had a bunch of different focaccia's for sharing - think pizza dough with no sauce - good little appetizers - easy sharing, flavorful and fun to try and share.-The pizza was amazing - we tried both the regular and metro styles.  Ages ago, some chick took me to an "authentic" pizzeria and I hated it.  To me, the american white male, pizza is greasy and dripping in cheese and canned sauce.  But as you get older, you realize there's this other version of pizza out there - the "authentic" kind that's made with actual fresh ingredients and doesn't need to be swimming in grease in order to be palatable.  THAT is what they make here:  thin crust brick-oven-fired classic style vibrantly-flavored pizzas with slices cut for sharing.  I liked them all, one of my favorites being the "Dream" style - it had a wicked spicy kick and I highly recommend it if you like spicy foods!  Next up was the White Truffle - this had a good amount of mozzerella on it - get this if you're a cheeze fanatic like me.  You can't go wrong with whatever you choose.  All their styles are very flavorful.  This isn't a pizza joint where you order a pepperoni pizza and take it home and eat the whole thing while watching sports center.  This is more upscale - more intimate - and a great place to socialize and share.-Desert pizza - I think I went up a belt size just from THAT - a "pizza" with nutella, peanut butter, fruit and marshamallow - so good.  I'm still full from it all!!!
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,2/1/2014,333,166,7,7,5>Ok, so I am no longer an eyebrow thread/wax virgin!! LOL  I've been wanting to try this place ever since reading Krystal's positive reviews. Two employees were sitting near the door when I walked in, and I was greeted warmly and told them what I needed. I was asked to sit in the reclining chair and I quickly told the gal that this is the very first time to ever try threading or waxing, for that matter. GASP!! "Ever??"  Yup, I usually just tweeze, and I apologized in advance. She went to work with the threading, then asked the other employee to join in the fun of trying to shape my Larry Hagman brows (well, not THAT bad, but pretty crazy)The second employee asked "Do you tweeze your brows?" Honestly, I was not offended at all; in fact, it humored me and made me laugh! She firmly told me NOT to tweeze, AT ALL. She encouraged me to buy an eyebrow pencil to correct my Edward Scissorhand tweeze job and return in two weeks to retouch the threading.I will definitely return. Hopefully in perhaps a month, I will look like a normal person with fantastic eyebrows!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,1/31/2014,608,886,5,14,7>Watch out Kenny's Italian, you got some fierce competition on the other side of Belt Line!  We drove by this place a couple weeks ago and I bookmarked it to try.  I love Italian food - it's good comfort food and it really fills you up.  So, we finally had the chance to dine here.For starters, the decor of this place is amazing!  I love how cozy it feels and the seating is very comfortable.  There is a bar area with TVs so if you just want a cocktail and appetizer, go right ahead!  I found myself staring at the pictures on the wall and forgot that I had to be looking at the menu.  Our waiter was great, very attentive and he let us take our time to order. He gave us great recommendations and also made us aware of the specials (it's posted on their website).For starters, we had the Bruschetta.  This is not your typical, petite bruschetta where you find yourself eating it with your pinky in the air.  This is your knife and fork type of bruschetta with a lot of substance!  Good chunks of tomatoes with basil, cheese and a real good kick of garlic. It was so good and it made me almost too full to eat my pasta.  I think I could have ordered that as my meal. (We also had fresh bread come out in the very beginning with our waters - Bread was crisp on the outside, but very light and fluffy on the inside. It went great with the whipped butter).For our pasta dishes, we had the Pasta & Meatballs (meatballs are DELISH) and the Pasta Gianni.  The sauce on the latter is one of the best sauces I have had: the Bianco Diavolo sauce.  Spicy and light, but very flavorful - I'd definitely order that dish again.  It also had perfectly cooked shrimp and lobster.What I enjoy about this place is that you can choose your pasta: Penne, Fettuccine, and Spaghetti.    At most places, I'll get a stare if I dare ask to switch out my pasta to something else. And don't forget that you get a salad with your meal.  Very fresh and crisp. It went perfectly alongside my pasta.Lastly, we had the Tiramisu.  Those that know me know that I do not like Tiramisu because of the overly dense rum (or other liquor) flavor and the soft, mushy texture.  This Tiramisu was none of the above. It was perfectly marinated with coffee and Kahlua - perfectly sweet as well.  The chocolate on top was REALLY good too - I wish I could have had a whole chocolate bar of just that!This is definitely a great Italian restaurant in a cozy neighborhood with a great staff.  Not only did the waiter check up on us, but so did another gentleman.  We chatted for a bit with the both of them and they were both so friendly.  I hope you guys will give this place a try as I did and found my Italian meal to be one of the best I've had!  I'll definitely be back for more.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,1/30/2014,177,158,2,11,8>So ...Mexican Sugar is officially open but they are keeping their opening a little on the hush hush side for now.They don't want hoards of people lining up outside. They are relying on passers by and a few word of mouth visitors so as to not inundate the staff.After visiting tonight I totally get it. The atmosphere was relaxed. We got to chat to the staff and hear all about their concept (fresh organic). We meet the manager, Brian, who was very sweet and super excited himself about the restaurant. Our waiter (Charles) was freaking amazing. Because it wasn't packed he got to chat to us for ages about all the food/drinks on the menu.Considering this was the actual first night it was open I was surprised at his knowledge already..another sign I feel about the staff's excitement to represent.The owners of Mexican sugar also own my favorite plano eatery Whisky Cake so of course my expectations are high.At Mexican sugar the decor is just stunning. So many different areas to sit from high top wooden bar tables, to lounge couches and standard tables (and yes the entry way does have swings)The music was loud without being overwhelming, the kitchen open, the lights dimmed without being dark. I know I'm going to be frequenting this place a lot. Oh yes..and I live walking distance which is very handy considering the amount of tequila and mezcal on the menu. Tonight I opted for a pisco sour and some ceviche...simple. The drink was great reminiscent of the ones I got wasted on in Peru. The ceviche had wonderful flavor by using fresh jalapenos in it. We'll be back..in fact we're already planning a trip back Friday when I'll update this review with further food options.
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,1/29/2014,290,376,3,17,14>This review is so long overdue I'm ashamed of myself.  A friend and I were just driving by one Saturday afternoon and decided to pop in and check it out.So happy we did; this is our new found gem, tucked away in a strip center.  When we walked in the door, first impression was WOW !  Beautiful decor and ambiance; dark woods, art on the walls (Mona Lisa); a casual but very upscale feel.We sat at the beautiful bar and were promptly greeted by owners Gene & Julie Gates.  What an absolutely delightful couple. They have that special knack to make one feel immediately welcome as if you're the only customers in the place.  Their daughter Sophia was also there and was as engaging and personable as her parents.  We felt like we had met some friends for afternoon cocktails; what enjoyable conversation with all of them.As it was late afternoon (pre-dinner time) we opted for wine and an appetizer of the Burrata cheese and bread board - This was a most  unique concept;  toasted Tuscan bread, a whole roasted garlic chopped in half, and some soft, slightly melted Burrata cheese served in a small jar.  Take a piece of bread, slather some of that rich creamy garlic on top and dip into some of the tastiest, gooiest cheese that has ever passed your lips. Melt in your mouth deliciousness!  This will go on my list of  "the best things I've ever eaten".  I had planned on ordering the Chicken Pate' but was so full as we left nary a morsel on the tray.SYNOPSIS:Atmosphere - warm, inviting, comfy feel in upscale yet casual surroundingsService - It couldn't get any better !Food - Again, "the best thing I've ever eaten".The owners (and their charming daughter) have hit a home run here for sure.  I can't wait to go back to try the Cauliflower Soup, Chicken Pate', Scallops with lemon risotto and of course pasta... need I go on and on?  Too many appealing things to try.I am confident my next review will garner 5 stars after more samplings of the menu!
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,2.0,9/27/2013,1/28/2014,92,278,9,15,10>I haven't been back since the original team left.
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,1/27/2014,275,233,5,12,9>I almost don't want to review this place because I want to keep it hidden all for myself... but then that'd be a shame for everyone else who's missing out (AND I'm not in Dallas enough to try to hog the coffee shop anyway).Great environment for catching up with friends and for studying/working!On a Saturday late afternoon I was looking for a place to do some work, and I love trying out new coffee shops for their atmosphere. I found this highly rated place on Yelp and decided to try it out. From the outside, to my surprise it was next to Yumilicious and I remembered that a small cupcake place used to be at this location. I walked in and the shop is surprising large yet cozy, and had great music playing which was perfect for a coffee shop aura. I thought it was very neat to see the coffee bar in the middle of the shop and you can see everything going on behind-the-scenes.The employees here are very friendly and helpful and I loved chatting with my barista. I decided to try the Green Tea Latte iced drinks and can't wait to try other things (especially their "Frosted" which are frozen drinks). My barista checked-in on all of the patrons to make sure we're all doing well!Seating & Study/Work: There's about a dozen individual high bar seats, 18 work tables varying from 2 tops, 4 tops, to even a large table that can accommodate 8 people. There's MANY outlets and definitely do not have to worry about a shortage... just sitting from my seat I could visibly see 30 outlets not including the ones that are below my seat. Fast & steady internet is a plus.Update: To date I've tried a good amount of drinks here and have enjoyed them all. On a chilly day I like getting the Green Tea Latte (hot) or the Creme Brulee Latte, and on the warmer days I go with the Frozen drinks and there's many to choose from like Mocha, Peanut Butter, Vanilla, Green Tea! Definitely love sitting here to chat with friends or to do work, it's great lighting!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2013,1/26/2014,105,93,16,23,17>Wow, I don't think I've ever seen Yelpers so harsh! C'mon guys, they gave us 50% off food, drink specials, etc. on their soft opening and they still can't get any slack?? First thing's first: Spicy. If you can't handle the spiciness, get out of the kitchen! When I order something spicy, I expect it to be spicy and their spicy wings/drums/tenders are on point. I personally like to alternate each flavor whilst eating them. Maybe you should try it. Second: They closed their doors after a week of opening because of all the hate?? How sad. I can tell that the owner(s) have put a lot of work into their precious restaurant and to see all this hate is saddening. Don't get me wrong, constructive criticism is great but comparing them to KFC is a bit ridic. I hope they open their doors up again soon to let everyone enjoy their tasty food. I had a great experience here.
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2013,1/22/2014,3760,1373,20,8,14>After a late impromptu breakfast on a Monday Mark and I wanted to hang out."I could see a movie." He said."I'm on a budget." I warned. "So it's gotta be free or very cheap." "Let's go tour museum tower!" Mark lightbulbed with his interest in architecture and Dallas happenings."Okay" I said with some hesitation, and before I know it we were in a fancy lobby with a beautiful older woman in all black taking a tour of the building and looking at model apartments."The building is still owned by Dallas police?"  Mark inquired. "Yes." She gently confirmed. Not many people know the tower is owned by Dallas Police pension fund. "Do any of them live in the building?" Mark naively inquired. With an eyebrow, "it's considerably more than their salary would allow." I watched her size us up."The units start at 1.4 million and go up to 20 million, ranging from 2000 to 10,000 square feet respectively."  She sat poised in a leather club chair and a nice pancho."My budget is 2.5 million" mark bluffed."That'll get you about 3500 square feet."she coddled.  The views, were spectacular. 10,000 square feet is an entire floor, and for a high rise, it is sleek and new. "What's going on with the window glare of the building and the art museums?" I asked."A disagreement between neighbors. Not a lawsuit."  She advised.Dallas is still rich.  At least, for some of us, including those with the bravery to pose a slight front, at least for a moment.As the agent noted, "everything is negotiable."
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/24/2013,1/21/2014,311,187,7,14,12>Cute Japanese restaurant in downtown Plano. Good Japanese food without breaking the bank. It's more like an everyday home cooked meal rather than fancy sushi or sashimi. The owner was super friendly, and her sister who recently came from Japan did a lot of the cooking.The ramen was not on the menu, but they do offer either miso or soy sauce broth. I got the miso ramen, it was yummy but a little too salty. The gyozas were super juicy and tender. The rice ball was also great and it was only $2. Everything was homemade except for the mochi ice cream. They also have fresh juices and smoothies. This place is great for on the go, or stop by for a quick lunch. Whatever it is, it's very affordable Japanese food.  I highly support this local and family owned restaurant.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,1/20/2014,212,403,8,10,7>The "new" k-town keeps getting better and better.....Kimchi is a new joint that is cooking up some mean korean food.  I decided to check this place out with my older brothers, David H. and Nga N., and friend Minh N.  The ambiance is very good.  It's open and well lit, allowing a great atmosphere to converse and hang out.  Enough talking, let me get to bidnezz.We ordered the fire rice cake appetizer, fire smoked chicken, smoked pork belly, cold smoked beef, a side of kimchi, and the Kimchi Special Ice Cream.Rice cakey app - Standard tteokpokki (spicy rice cakes) with the spice level amped up.  These would make any korean proud.  Typical tteokpokki now and days is too sweet and barely spicy.  These would make my grandma say "these hoes legit".FIre Smoked Chicken - Similar to a dak-galbi, which is spicy marinated chicken.  We were able to choose the spiciness level for this from a scale of 1 to 3.  We chose 2.  It was sufficiently spicy with a sweet flavor.  The gochuchang (korean hot chili paste) mixed with soy sauce added great tang.Smoked Pork Belly - My favorite out of all of the dishes.  Imagine samgyeobsal (grilled pork belly) with the tenderness of Bossam (steamed pork belly).  Nice thick slices of pork belly are smoked low and slow until tender, and then finished off on the grill to get a nice char.  This dish also came with 3 dipping sauces.  You can dip your pork in the standard salt pepper sesame oil mixture, a soysauce lime mustard oil sauce, or a ddeongjang mayo (fermented soybean paste with japanese mayo (kewpie mayo).  My favorite was the mayo, it was somehow light tasting even tho it's all oil lol.  It was as unctuous as anything could be. Cold Smoked Beef - Chunks of probably beef shoulder clod are smoked until a nice smoke ring develops.   After smoking, it's cut thinly against the grain to get nice tender slices.  The beef is dressed with a house sauce which added good flavor.Kimchi - korean sauerkraut that was cooked which enhances and deepens the flavor. Kimchi Special Ice Cream - Everyone might think this is kimchi flavored ice cream but it's not.  It's vanilla ice cream that sits on top misugaru powder (popular korean drink) with honey drizzled over it and nuts sprinkled over.  The ice cream is made in house and i have to say it's premium ice cream.  The butter fat content in it was high, which made the texture very creamy with a great mouth feel.  Kimchi is a great addition to K-town.  The owner is very friendly.  He was kind enough to give us complimentary bubblegum soju, which was good as fuaaaaaark.  They are officially opening Nov 1st with a full menu. I had such a great meal that i came away inspired to re-create these dishes (of course with my own twist) at my annual pot luck.  Ppreciate it Kimchi ;-)
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,1/19/2014,27,57,12,18,10>During a mostly disastrous visit to Tanoshii, I was told about Monkey King, another just-opened noodle shop in Deep Ellum, and the folks at the table next to me had nothing but rave reviews for them.  Imagine my surprise when I learned that their new executive chef was chef Michael from the Kessler Theater, which I had already raved about.  I had some Brazilian friends in town this week, half of whom love traditional Chinese (and one of whom is a chef), the other half of whom HATE it, so I figured Monkey King would be the perfect litmus test.Like Tanoshii, the place is super trendy and quirky and adorable, but in a different sort of way.  This is window food, made from scratch, priced attractively.  There's a guy in the window pulling the noodles to order, and little Chinese grandmas in the kitchen hand-wrapping dumplings.  There were 5 of us dining, and we just ordered everything on the menu.Not sure what the guy is talking about when he says the food is "good for Dallas, but overpriced and not good enough for Plano or Richardson."  I rabidly seek out the holes-in-the-wall in our Asian districts, and I haven't had a spicy beef noodle soup this good ANYWHERE in the metroplex, nor found it any cheaper.  $7 for a massive bowl of freshly-pulled noodles, swimming in a deep, rich broth (much more typical of the traditional Chinese style than the over-spiced broths you get at many eateries in the metroplex), with melt-in-your-mouth beef foreshank that's been gently braised for probably a day or two.  The spicy beef noodles were, hands down, my favorite thing on the menu, and I had everything.Close behind it was the wontons with chili sauce.  No, these aren't crispy fried wonton chips, these are stuffed, boiled wontons swimming in chili oil and fresh cilantro, ginger and garlic, and even the 2 folks who absolutely hate Chinese food and dumplings in particular were licking the plate clean after.  Explosive flavor, perfect texture...I could eat 3 orders myself, thank you very much.Then came the soup dumplings, little pockets of explode-in-your-mouth deliciousness, which, again, disappeared instantaneously.  Seriously...these things are only $8?  I found myself in a little town in Central Texas last week where the only open restaurant was a Taco Bell, and my meal there was $8.  *gag*The dan-dan noodles were my fourth favorite, pork with pungent ginger and garlic, with noodles pulled a bit thinner than the spicy beef, which were more like udon in size and texture.For those who shy away from bold flavors, their chicken noodle soup is as good as grandma's, with an impossibly rich broth.  The spicy cucumber salad was the only thing on the menu that gave my high capsaicin tolerance a run for its money, everything else was tame.  Not this salad.  Delicious flavors, great crunch, and HOOOOOOOT.  (They later told me they can make anything as spicy as you want it, so if you're a ghost-pepper-popper, don't be afraid to tell them to hurt you.)  Pork dumplings were devoured instantly and I preferred them to the veggie dumplings, which were also good...and our veggie friends have to eat SOMETHING, I guess.  But the Monkey King knows its way around meat, so on my next visit, I'll stick to being an omnivore.FABULOUS food.  So fresh.  Adorably-branded little restaurant.  (Yes, they sell T-shirts.  You want YOUR noodle pulled?)  Great rooftop patio for scarfing down your noodles.  Noodle artisan performing miracles in the window.  Prices akin to fast food.  What's NOT to worship about this place?  Deep Ellum...you lucky bastards.Now...STAY OPEN FOR DINNER! (Update: I guess they took my advice, because they are now open for dinner. Since that suggestion worked so well...Hey, Monkey King...OPEN A LOCATION IN LEWISVILLE!)
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2013,1/18/2014,10,50,9,13,9>I finally took the plunge and had lunch at Hattie's today.  To be honest my expectations for this place were not great, but it delivered in a big way.The decor is nice and the place has a very classy feel.  From my perspective, maybe a tad too classy as I have felt under-dressed just walking by this place and peering in the window.  That being said, they accepted me, my crazy hair, my shorts, t-shirt, old busted ass sneakers and all.  The waiter was very attentive and had help from another man who regularly came by to fill my water.For starters they bring you out a piece of bread with butter.  When I scarfed that down they brought me another.  After that, I knew that I would be full regardless of whether or not the entree was small.  I didn't have to worry about that though.  I ordered the fried green tomato sandwhich with pimento cheese which was a big sandwich (even for a big eater like myself) and was accompanied by a ton of french fries.  This was a very filling lunch, but more importantly it tasted great.  The fries (normal, not sweet potato) were amongst the best I've ever had anywhere.  The sandwich was like a crazy rendition of a BLT and it worked in a big way!  Yummmmy yummmy in my tummy!This place has won me over.  I'll probably dress a bit nicer the next time I come but I will be back!
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,1/17/2014,132,558,6,12,8>Oh Baboush, how I love thee... let me count the ways... I love the interior with those comfy seats on the wall, great wait staff and amazing specialty drinks. Having lived in Middle Eastern countries for over 3 years I am familiar with Lebanese food. This food is not to be confused with "standard" Middle Eastern food. Having eaten this food next to the standard I can tell you that flavor is something the Lebanese are not afraid of. They love to pack each bite with a noticeable element of excitement... a celebration of food. I've been a couple times for lunch now and just can't get enough of this place. The spiced olives, hummus and Baba ghanoush was amazing. I could tell how fresh the baba was by the color. The flavor was amazing! the spices on the chicken are so yummy and you can't go wrong with their specialty drinks! This is authentic stuff (maybe not the french fries, hehe) but you get my drift. I can eat here, close my eyes and remember nights with my hookah, music and dancers while living overseas. Now I've written this review I need to go for lunch today! Drat!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/16/2014,640,144,12,14,12>I'll start off by saying, I can not wait to go back for Crawfish season! Nate, when is Crawfish season?I visited Nate's for the first time on a business lunch. I ordered the $1 Shrimp Tacos (yea I said it, $1!!). I ordered two because our waiter told me they were a pretty good portion. My coworker order the Shrimp Salad. Both entrees were bursting with enough shrimp, which I was a bit leery over because hey, let's face it, who crams that much seafood into a $1 taco? I got about 4 shrimp in each taco and my coworker had at least 10 shrimps in his salad. Score!I thought the service was great, our waiter was very upbeat and helpful in making a decision since this was my first time experiencing Nate's. I didn't think the interior was too shabby either, it wasn't the best but when you see the outside of this place (HOT HOT HOT PINK) you come to the terms that you aren't walking into a Chamberlain's. The lighting was fine and it appeared to be kept clean. Just to help discourage all the bad reviews on this place I tried to look up Nate's Seafood & Steakhouse on Addison's City website to see what their food score is, but to no avail. Not that I am particularly concerned, just thought it would be helpful for those who were.All in all, I am definitely coming back to eat some more of those hush puppies & try the LEGEND crawfish. When's the good time to try em?!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,1/15/2014,725,843,14,9,7>Okay, so I wanted beer for breakfast.  DO NOT JUDGE.  Hasn't there ever been a morning where you think--yeah, it's time beer happened.  Well we were getting ready for Canton in 104 degrees and that's the thought on our minds.  Well, JO 24 is BYOB monrin' noon and night.  So I had me some Apricot Ale and sausage gravy and biscuits with eggs and more sausage.  Which was reasonably priced and delicious.  My daughter had the BLT, also very good.  And they have an item on the breakfast menu that also sounded right up my alley--Bacon, Bacon, Bacon and Eggs.  The crowning glory of the meal was the chocolate flan.  I mean, you can't make anything better than this.  You may find something as good, but not better.  And yes it is perfect with sausage gravy and beer.  Just sayin'.Lacy--I have it on good account that if you go when "mama" is making the chicken n dumplins, you will not be disappointed.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,1/14/2014,109,221,,10,7>Go NOW and eat at Mot Hai Ba. Get a patio table. Order cocktails and eat the wonderful food they will bring you. It has vaulted into the ranks of the best Vietnamese places in town. Mot Hai Ba has opened in the old York Street space. The new restaurant is simply and elegantly appointed with a small patio out front. The dishes possess bright, clean flavors. Yes, there is a limited menu, but there are plenty of classics for the uninitiated. I ordered the Hanoi Lunch which featured the "special of the day" as the entree. I did not ask in advance what it was and I was not disappointed. Just to be a money-grubbing jerk for a moment - the prices are very reasonable. The place offers a great value. You will be eating four star cuisine for a two star price. Run. Don't walk to try this place out.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2013,1/13/2014,422,450,5,11,5>Heaven in a little market. There is just so much to do and see inside eatZi's! I like to spend time exploring the chefs case, pastry case & cheeses. And like everyone else who has Yelped about eatZi's, most things are precooked and prepackaged so you don't have to worry about cooking. Fresh, healthy and quick! You won't leave eatZi's empty handed!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,1/12/2014,73,357,2,7,5>Cruising into Bishop Arts I see a place on the map that I've never heard of, I google in quickly on my phone and notice no Yelp reviews.  Could this be? Could I be the first to review it?! Very exciting, and the menu looks interesting, to boot.It was pretty dead compared to the other places in the area but they have a big NOW OPEN sign so we mosey on over.  The vibe is cool, very rustic and the place is mostly just a big wooden bar, a couple tall cocktail tables, and a big patio.  They nailed the "lodge" thing. We sidle up to the bar and get to ordering beer- the bartender didn't seem to be real knowledgeable about the beers but they are super new, I'm sure she'll learn with time. The music playing was modern country hits (which I love) but soccer on the TV's (which seemed like a weird combo but okay.)  We started out with the PLT -lettuce cups, pork belly, peanut sauce and pico.  Very tasty and refreshing in the summer heat. Then I got the pulled boar BBQ sandwich and it was exceptional. The pretzel bun added some little salty bits and really held up to the generous amount of delicious, saucy pig meat. The sauce was tangy but not overwhelming and the slaw added just the right amount of crunch and creaminess.  The sweet potato fries were good but  the thicker ones weren't quite cooked all the way through.  My husband got the duck tacos which he he enjoyed very much.  BUT THEN the chef brought out some fresh-out-the-cooker pork shoulder just to share since it was so fresh, it just had some salt and pepper on it And DAYUM that was some delicious, melt-in-your-mouth meat. We were impressed! The vibe is chill, the prices are pretty sane, and the chef seems really stoked to make delicious food (also, I thought he was cute but that shouldn't really factor.)
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,1/10/2014,334,106,5,11,8>For great tasting gourmet pizza, eat here! They give you complimentary breadsticks and dip before you order anything - a way to eat some delicious calories you never even asked for! I tried the Sheas Eastside (see photo). It was delish! It's thin-crusted, which is exactly how I like it. I came here during happy hour: $3.50 for frozen margaritas. Woo!For dessert (man, I should've taken a photo of it) I got one of their cheesecakes along with a scoop of their house-made gelato, and oh my was it sooo good! I am surprised there was absolutely no cream in it considering how rich the dark chocolate taste was. Service was really great and the ambience is very cozy and chill. I cannot believe I haven't been here after all the years I lived in the area. I will be sure to visit many more times.
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2013,1/9/2014,149,287,8,9,5>Damn right I want it my way!! This isn't your ordinary fast food joint where you get to say - "um, lettuce, no tomatoes, onions, and ketchup"....  That's 20th century nonsense!   This is 2013 people!  If I want jalapenos, bacon, avocado, hell, throw on a nicely browned egg - YOU CAN DO IT!  All it takes is imagination, simple english skills, the ability to wield a pen and some form of tool to barter with (ideally cash or credit!) - then BAM you're in taste bud heaven.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2013,1/8/2014,437,240,5,26,13>I am here to give you the whole truth about UMoveFree. First of all, it is not a scam. They are a locator service. What that means is that you refer them to the apartment complex, and in return you either get a rebate or a free move. If the rent of the place that you lease $800 or under, they give you a rebate of $100, or $100 off of your move. If it is over, then you get a free move or a $200 rebate. I opted for the move because well...I just wanted to move into my new place. So here is what I did. I registered on their website, and I was contacted by my agent, Beth Hardin, who is great. Their service is free of charge to you, but you have to put them down on the guest card and your application. They can send you apartments that fit your criteria, or if you have a place in mind you can verify with Umovefree if they work with that management company/complex. Was the process easy? For the most part. My agent was nice and did a good job of following up. However, there are some caveats to the alleged free move. They charge you for small things. For example $25 to take down your bed, $25 to move a flat screen that is larger than 36 inches (I believe), etc. There were other charges, but they did not apply to my situation.  When I called to schedule my move, the "moving assistant" was less than friendly when I asked about the charges. I called Beth and it was handled. Other than that, everything went smoothly. The movers arrived on time, maybe a little early, and they were super courteous, and fast. They finished more than 30 minutes early, and we had to travel about 15 miles to my  new place. I would recommend this service. Just make sure that you know all of the details.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,1/7/2014,325,161,20,24,20>Why so serious?With Deep Ellum making a resurgence (at least bar wise) late night snacking is in serious need. Sure you have Buzz Brews, All Good Cafe, Cafe Brazil to name a few, but late at night pizza really seem to hit the spot for me. While Serious Pizza isn't the only pizza shop in Deep Ellum, it is the biggest, size wise. They make ginormous 4 ft diameter pizzas! No fret if you're not that hungry, they sell it by the slice! Or you can share one of their smaller pizzas with friends, and by small I mean it's a large anywhere else. There is plenty to see while you're here. As you walk in, there is a guy tossing giant pizza dough. The kitchen is set up like a bar so you can see your pizza being made. Still, the most interesting thing to see is usually the eclectic clientele that comes in from the street. From punk rockers to preppy, you get the full gauntlet. I guess everyone enjoys a good slice late night. You should give them a try.Seriously
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,1/6/2014,248,375,13,9,10>Holly Molly of ALL MOTHER OF TACO GODS!!!!!!! My first time here with a group of friends and they were talking this up the entire drive to FUEL CITY! I was like ...Okay I hear you I hear you. BUT NOOOOOOOOOO HEAR ME! These tacos are freaking AMAZING! I ordered one of each. There are 5 to choose frome. Next to the taco line is the CORN IN THE CUP! PLEASE GET THE LARGE CUP. Cause I got the small and was so sad cause these corn in the cup taste like nothing but Jesus! LOL!!!! No but for real. I ate all 5 tacos and I must say you dont even need any salsa. The meat is so well seasoned and they top it with fresh onions! Aside from that the most important thing, there is a fair a truly fair amount of meat in each and every taco!!! NO CHEESE NEEDD! which is how you know a taco is a taco well done! 5 STAR BABY!!!!!!!! ALL THE WAY
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,1/5/2014,895,667,9,15,14>This place is using old bowling lanes from a bowling place in Longview, TX, so it's old school.  There are only 12 lanes, but the space (bar area) is huge and they have windows for a lot of light to get in.  I loved the space.  They have grown up bars at the lanes and wait staff to keep your drinks a flowing.  Deep Eddy Vodka and soda was $6, which seems a bit pricey, but whatevs.  They have a great craft beer menu too!  The bowling on Sunday is like $7 a game.  You pay at the end.  Even though I do not like Twisted Root burgers, I have to say some of the menu items sounded pretty good.I want to come back here a million times even with those dorky bowling shoes they rent.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,1/4/2014,68,224,9,12,7>Best idea ever/kind of pissed that I didn't think of it before them.  Picture a Friday night where you, the wife, and your super weird Cavalier mix head out to a place on the edge of Uptown.  There's grass and friends for the dog.  A milkshake for the Mrs. And a delicious Lakewood or Community beer for me.This is the best new business in Dallas as far as I'm concerned.  If you love your dog as much as you like being social in Dallas, buy the monthly membership and put this on your weekly schedule.
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,1/3/2014,569,258,14,18,14>This movie theater is nice & quiet.  It looks like they have decided to have managers or security patrol the outside areas at night which is always a good thing.  I would hate to get jumped by a pack of wild ass teenagers trying to steal my popcorn in the parking lot.  I enjoy this theater because the price is right and I have yet to run into any issues with people.  The theater itself isn't some high tech place with all the bells and whistles but it serves the purpose. I like this theater because they have great pricing and I use both the Cinemark app and the weekly emails.  How can you go wrong with great concession deals.  We all know this is the place you spend the majority of your money when watching a movie.    Parking is always no issue and security is extra nice if you get caught drinking a few 40oz in the parking lot.  I enjoy coming here and if you don't that's OK because I will be all alone up here just how I like it.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,1/2/2014,29,85,6,10,4>I work a few doors down from here, but never tried the place until today.I had a couple of the premium coneys with cheese. Filling, cheap, and delicious, though it's not going to do my waistline any favors. The person working the counter (I assume he's one of the owners) is also very friendly.I was a bit iffy on having mustard on it at first, but didn't speak up until he'd started making it - he told me he'd be happy to make another one if I didn't like the mustard. Turns out I did like it.Another Yelper mentioned that the buns needed to be steamed - they're definitely steaming them now. Not sure if they went on an off day or if the owners are paying attention to Yelp, but either way they've got a steamer now.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,1/1/2014,851,315,5,10,7>Gotta say, this place is fu**ing amazing. Gabe is an outstanding guy and knows his stuff. I mean, this guy will explain fully and in detail any drink you can imagine. He'll even tell you where your liquor comes from, the processing, etc, etc.The infused vodkas have to be my favorite in the D/FW area. Most recently tried the blueberry, but they vary, so ask what's up. Tell the guy what you like, and he'll work magic with it. I'm sure it gets crowded at times... but I wouldn't count that as a bad thing. If the bar is full, it's a great place to drink, right?!Anyway, you can see by the other reviews how great this place is. I can't tell you anything you've not already heard. Just go here. Drink up!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,12/31/2013,334,302,6,20,4>Please can I live here?!  Please please please?!  This is my favorite place to relax and unwind here in the area.  I love lounging around in the baths, and I've gotten use to all of the onlookers not wanting to get nude eyeing me with dirty looks.  I know a lot of people are uncomfortable with the whole nudity thing, but please, once you let go it is quite fulfilling to just strip with no worries.  Live a little!I don't have kiddos but I love how there is a kid's room where they can place and watch movies.  Oh and there's a separate theater room as well aside from the screen in the middle of the spa, but I've never ventured inside.  A good number of the saunas have crystals and wood.  My favorite is the fire sudatorium.  It is wicked hot and always my first stop since they close it at midnight.  My second favorite is the yellow soil room.  I feel like it's the perfect temperature for me and I just feel the most relaxed in it.The food is good as well for Korean fare.  I have yet to try everything but I haven't had a single bad tasting thing.  They have a sweet rice drink that's super yummy but probably packed with a bunch of sugar.  The aloe vera drink is good too but sadly most of it is ice and jelly.Don't forget to bring some socks because some of the saunas have really hot floors.  Also bring your own personal hygiene items: soap, shampoo/conditioner, lotion etc.  They do provide some though if you don't have any.  Most importantly, relax and have fun!
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,12/30/2013,195,195,3,7,6>I really enjoyed the BBQ, and the fact that it was good without sauce!! The lines were long and after taking my first bite it was obvious as to why. I ordered a few tender (not completely falling off the bones) ribs, 1/2 lb of fatty, moist brisket, cheesy and gooey macaroni shells and potato salad which was well balanced with onions. I hate overly sweet potato salad so theirs was perfect!! The complimentary beans were similar to charro beans (pinto style) and had big strips of bacon chunks!  Very good! I didn't care too much for the spicy BBQ sauce since it was a little on the watery side and lacked any spice (IMO). ---Thanks to lovely Roni, I got to also try their delish margarita! I'm no light weight but this Rita packed a punch full of flavor (maybe orange zest) and not overly sweet like most. --This spot gets an A+ in my book for flavor, customer service and great value for the money spent. I can't wait to come back to try the other sides, the bacon wrapped shrimp and the cobblers. I'm drooooling just thinking about it.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2013,12/29/2013,300,191,5,20,10>This place has DELICIOUS tacos!!! They give you grilled onions on the side, LOTS of meat per taco and great flavor! I used to frequent Fuel City but I actually like this place better! The pastor here tastes just as good but they put so much more meat that it spills out when I take my bite. Their barbacoa is really good as well! I usually don't get this because most places have it too tough and it gets stuck in my teeth but this one is VERY tender and the meat is well seasoned, almost has a buttery flavor as well! There's chairs inside the convenient store to eat at if you didn't want to get your food to go and the best part is they are open late!
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2013,12/28/2013,53,198,1,8,7>This spot is just as good as the spot off Oak Lawn.  I like it because it is easy to park, its not as tightly packed as the other spot.Now for the good stuff, the desserts are awesome!!  I love the Warm Milk Chocolate Cake Pudding.  Its like  a cake but has 3 sauces to choose from and its warm and just oh so good.  It really beats the jello pudding you might be used to!This is a great place to come after dinner for a cocktail and dessert.  The atmosphere makes for a great date night!  I have never had a meal here, but all of their food looks really tasty!
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,12/27/2013,491,214,8,15,8>Not your hole in the wall seafood joint with mayo slathered lobster rolls.Here's the deal on the food:What separates TJ's from other local seafood restaurants?  It has a nicer, more upscale ambiance including, cloth napkins, actual ceramic dinner plates, and silverware... opposed to paper napkins, a paper lined plastic basket or foil, and plasticware.  Presentation of all their well-made food is also gorgeous!What separates TJ's lobster rolls from other folks' lobster rolls other than a higher price?  It is tastier, full of buttered lobster meat, NOT slathered in mayo, lovingly placed in a warm, toasty, buttery challah roll, AND accompanied by sides of a higher standard.  Potato chips?  I think not!  Think perfectly grilled asparagus and herb roasted potatoes...Mmmm!  Just thinking of it puts me in a trance and makes me crave lobster! :-)  Their grilled fish entrees are also very good and delicately cooked.  Salads are fresh and just lovely!Service and set-up:Here's what you do - you walk in, order your meal, find a table (unreserved), order your drink from the server, your food/drink are brought to you, and then you pay your server at the end.  Maybe it's just me, but at such a nice place, it is a little odd to walk up and place your order and THEN sit down at a nice table to have your food brought out.  This isn't Jason's Deli, is it?!  The first time coming here was confusing.  Do I grab a drink from the cooler or sit and the waiter will take my drink order?  Hmmm...I don't know!  However, I can say after knowing what to do, it's not confusing.  Service is always impeccable and the staff directs people on what to do after ordering so you don't fumble around.  I really wish there was more seating.  It's a small place. If you are bringing a few folks, call ahead for a reservation.Parking:You will be lucky to find a parking spot in front of this joint since it is a busy area (which I have been and did a happy dance when I got it)!!!  However, you have two other options - park behind the building (which I have done) or valet (which I have not so I can't tell you what they charge).What it boils down to:Come here when you are in the mood for something above an average hole in the wall which offers succulent seafood, want to impress someone (date/family/work), or just indulge a little. ;-)
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/26/2013,973,92,43,48,44>Grimaldi's is one of the best-known pizza chains in the industry. Started in NY area, it has now expanded with branches in Arizona, Nevada and Texas. Grimaldi's started here in the West Village and now has 3 other locations in the DFW area. The surrounded environment is sprinkled with the sights and sounds of NY and luckily the food is up to par as well. They have a good selection of red and white wines to pair with your pie. Their big claim to fame is its use of a coal brick oven to bake the pizza. This is the only pizza chain I've found in DFW that cooks using this method so it's quite unique. The coal burns at very high temperatures -- over 1,000 degrees -- giving a pleasing char to the flavor of the crust. We had a party of 6 and we were still pretty full from our sundayfunday drinks at the Rustic (right around the corner) so we split a large between us.You start with a size pie (S 12", M 16", L 18") and then choose your toppings. Each topping was priced in the $2-$4 range. Choose carefully because it can get pricey in a hurry. But give credit where it's deserved, as the toppings were fresh and fabulous. I also appreciated that the pizza was not overly greasy; it was just the right amount not to interfere with my pallet to enjoy the flavor of the toppings. Jalapeños were sliced thick, Italian sausage was mild and the pepperonis were as I expected. With use of the coal oven, the crust was crunchy and less of a doughy complexion which I prefer. Side Note: No liquor here just wine and beer.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,12/25/2013,686,887,7,14,10>Ooooo niceeeee is what I said when I first sat my butt down on their comfy chairs!  this is a four star movie theatre compare to the other ones! Seats are between premium or premium plus. Premium, just leather seats and premium plus is the recliners. Those go fast! you should buy your tickets online! they are cheaper with when you join membership (free) The premium plus seats are leveled up so you don't have to look over anybody's shoulders. Every seat has a blanket and a pillow for comfort. For the premium plus seats, waiters come take your orders before the movie starts and come back at the end of the movie to bring you your check. All orders go in at one time so they don't keep walking back and fourt to disturb you. I don't think there is waiter service for the premium seats. You have to order your own and bring it in there. The food is gourmet and it's chef prepared. OOoo lala!!!! can the chef give me a massage, too? Can I put in a special request? hahaha justtttt kidding!!!! :) We ordered bbq chicken flat bread, turkey sliders, and the meatball sliders to share between my group. They were all delicious!!! bbq chicken flatbread is must try! If you order water, they give it to you in a big cup so you don't have to get up and ask for more! how thoughtful! Everything we ordered was great but I loved the flat bread the most! ask for ranch! Theatre is kind of far but plan a whole day trip out there. It's near Allen outlet, do a little shopping first and then come here for a movie. It's worth it!  You could easily spend the whole day here! They have everything! you go up the escaladors and there's pool tables/bar on the left side. It feels like a hotel lobby when you first go up. Plenty of lounging around.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,12/24/2013,263,343,2,10,6>After a huge blowout with Thai Thai, I won't get into specifics but it involved erroneously charging my credit card and dragging their feet on giving me a credit, I needed a new go to thai place. Si Lom stepped in and stepped up. They definitely Wally Pipped TT. Si Lom is at the top of my Thai rotation. I've never had this dish anywhere else but that Patpong chicken is ridiculous. Check them out for the best Thai delivery in Dallas.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2013,12/23/2013,123,477,8,8,9>I have a love/ hate relationship with Hypnotic Donuts. On the love side, they are super creative and turn out some great tasting donuts.  Now that they have a storefront in Dallas proper, you can find a steady crowd any day of the week.  Bacon and bananas on a glazed donuts? Yep. Freshly cooked biscuits with jam flavors you've never heard of? You can find those here! Animal cookies on my cake donut? OH ya.The only bummer about Hypnotic Donuts is that there is ALWAYS a crowd and if you dont come early, they will be sold out of most everything.   Also, don't expect any traditional donuts besides donut halls for the little ones.  If you aren't in the mood for a donut off the wall, then skip Hypnotic.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,12/22/2013,178,175,4,11,5>For the past 10 years, I thought I knew what a scone was, but The Village Baking Company just shattered that image because THIS is what a scone should be! It was buttery, crumbly, and fresh out of the oven. (It actually sank a little bit when I pushed on it.) I also got the highly recommended Pain au Jambon, which was the best croissant that I've had in a long time. So flaky, buttery on the outside but soft on the inside. The area inside the store where they sell their pastries & bread is actually very small. It felt like I walked into their kitchen and this woman and her son was just hanging out. She was very helpful and friendly as she was telling me about what they had that morning, which included a table full of pastries and over 8 different types of bread.  I was impressed. This makes me really reconsider what part of town I can move to because I definitely do not want to be more than 20 minutes of driving away from this place! I will definitely be back soon (if not later today).
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,12/21/2013,210,336,5,8,4>Is this seriously my first time reviewing LOOK theatre, after 2 million check-ins? My bad, Yelp! But I'm sure you know where this review is going, indicated by my numerous check-ins and 5-star rating.I. LOVE. LOOK. I love it so much that I refuse to go to any other movie theater because LOOK has spoiled me so much. AMC and Cinemark are charging the same price, but I can lay back in a recliner big enough to fit two people in LOOK's Look & Dine theatre? AMC and Cinemark have nachos and pretzels, but LOOK's The Lofts theatres offer sushi, chips with queso and salsa, wraps, etc?Some locations of AMC and Cinemark offer IMAX, but you get Atmos sound (incredible, surround sound) and HUGE screens, plush, amazing seats in LOOK's Evolution theatres? Studio Movie Grill I honestly canNOT go anywhere else.
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/20/2013,1511,368,1,15,10>I LOVE this spa. My first time here someone had given me a gift of the mineral mud wrap. I was worried about being wrapped because I get claustrophobic easily. The wrap was great. They made sure to leave me room to move around. Each body part is wrapped separately so there was no feeling of confinement. The whole process was incredibly relaxing. Included was a head and shoulder massage which was wonderful. When I left I noticed how great my skin looked afterwards. Very fresh and even toned. My second time here was for a massage. I got the basic little green massage which is all upper body. I wish I could remember the name of my masseuse because she was wonderful. She got every knot out of my back! I felt incredibly relaxed afterwards and was actually able to sleep better that week due to my muscle tension finally being relieved. Overall the ambiance is very calm and relaxing. Everyone there is so nice and puts you completely at ease. The services offered are fitting to any need you have. I would definitely recommend this place for yourself or as a gift to someone else.
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,12/19/2013,189,181,9,18,9>Rio's has some of the best chicken wings in DFW hands down. I feel like writing this one review, I have contributed immensely to the Yelp community, letting folks know about this hidden gem.First thing is first, it's a simple and straightforward menu of chicken and fish. The owner is from Chicago and he brought down some delicious recipes with him. He also decided to introduce D-town to something we call "mild-sauce" .....this ain't taco bell now.....it's a mix of Louisiana-style hot sauce tempered with barbecue sauce and ketchup. So not too spicy and full of flavor...not many people have the recipe down to a science like they do here so do try it. I usually like my food covered in mild, but to each their own....they usually provide it on the side. This is a small and unassuming place with a few stools to eat at, so be prepared to carry-out. A positive is they cook your food to order so you get it piping hot (always a plus), meaning it'll be about 12-15 minutes before your food is done from ordering,  so I highly suggest the call ahead if you're a little inpatient like myself and just wanna dive in to this food. I usually get the 6pc wing dinner that comes with fries, bread, and a small coleslaw for $6.99. Now I'm a big guy, but these wings are so big that I usually get 2 meals out of the deal eating 3 wings in a sitting before I knock-out with the 'itis". They also have some baked goods in from a local bakery...in particular I like this strawberry cake that is absolutely delicious.It's a small business, so you will probably meet the owner who works the register most days and it seems as if they are always up for good conversation.If you are in the area (or within 20 miles) and are in the mood for some good wings, I would HIGHLY suggest you stop by and try this grub.Just to note: The address says they're on the corner of Frankford and Marsh, but they are just a bit south of the 7-11 facing Marsh.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2013,12/18/2013,77,138,2,8,4>This was one of my bookmark places on yelp nearby (I dropped a friend off at the airport). I am always looking for a good Cuban place in Texas so I was excited to try it.It is a small family owned bakery where you can sit outside also. I met two sisters working there and they were friendly and helpful. It was early in the morning so there was only one other customer sitting down and eating/working on her laptop. It seemed like a good place to bring a book to read or to study. Not sure about how busy it gets in the afternoon though. Okay, moving onto the food.I ordered the El Cubano which is the classic Cuban sandwich. It had Cuban bread, shredded pork, ham, cheese, pickles and of course mustard. It was delicious. I would eat this over Subway any day.I also ordered the café con Leche which is a coffee with frothy milk. I've never tried it before so I can't be a good judge but it was really strong coffee and sweet enough but not too sweet. I would order it again.And they also have many, many pastries that you can choose from. I decided on the guava and cheese pastry, the ham and cheese pastry, a cheese pastry which has sugar on top with cream cheese inside, and a potato ball. So far I only tried the cheese pastry and it was pretty good. It's very flaky on the outside and not too much cream cheese on the inside. I wish they had put a little more cream cheese though.Overall I really like this restaurant. If you are looking for authentic Cuban sandwiches this is your best bet in Texas. I also recommend the café con Leche and you should definitely try the pastries.
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2013,12/17/2013,116,201,1,8,3>Welcome to the Square, NOLA! You're a little fancier than I thought, but I like it. Upscale New Orleans style from the service to the drinks to the food. Being that it was the soft opening, there wasn't much of a crowd at first around 6pm, but it actually got pretty busy by 7pm. Service was very well trained, informed and friendly. Only thing that my server really wasn't sure about was the wine list (even the house wine), so I hope they will train them up  on that (I'd be happy to help with the tasting and provide descriptions!!). Apps, apps, apps! I love apps! I really love their oysters! I can't remember what they call them (their website is being finished up so I can't reference), but the second ones listed on the menu with butter/garlic...those ones. Get them. You're welcome. We ordered a second dozen for the 4 of us!The She Crab soup was also so flavorful and delicious! They have cups served normally and they serve bowls of soup in bread bowls from what I can tell. I'd be interested in that another time. The Gator Bites - I recommend skipping these. They were not fantastic or even OK. Only disappointment of my experience. The Wedge Salad - YUM! Skimpy on the dressing and bacon, but brought more dressing quickly upon request. Large wedge that was easily sharable. My hubs tried another salad with croutons (looked to be freshly made) and pancetta with shaved Parmesan. Also ordered at the table were the Pork Chop and the Catfish dish. Both were well received and full of flavor. Very generous portions and highly recommend them both! The fish dish was nice and spicy with plenty of juices left over for dipping the never-ending parade of crunchy French bread. Also, that butter is herbed butter and is worth spreading on your bread! Of note, kids meals are just $4 which is very reasonable - and appreciated in the 'burbs. My nephew enjoyed the grilled cheese and French fries, while the grown-ups enjoyed his root beer float that comes along with it! Fruit cup and salad are also options on the side for kiddos. The desserts didn't appeal to us, so we didn't try anything. Hopefully they rotate some new items in to try!End game: we'll be back....often!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,12/16/2013,262,55,4,5,7>I was there for a corporate event, and must say that each and every person that I met went "above and beyond" to help me. Example 1:  I had to get my parking validated, and not sure where to do this... I asked the concierge about this.  He took my ticket, said "I'll handle that for you, sir," pulled out the validation stamping thingy, POW, and that's it!  He actually added, "Now this is good for only 16 hours, so if you need to be here for longer than that (comedic pause)  GET A ROOM!"EXAMPLE 2:  I needed a quiet place to work on my laptop for a few hours, and another hotel guy walked me to a closed restaurent, showed me where I can sit -- by an electrical outlet -- and asked if there were anything else that I might need.WOW!  Great service, great attitudes.  And when our group dinner kicked off with a 'Texas Theme' it was one of the best all-around managed events that I've ever attended.Bravo, Hyatt Regency DFW!!  (I just wish that Google Maps could find you!)
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2013,12/15/2013,55,167,5,13,7>Hello again my fellow foodie friends!  Forever in search and always yearning for new, non-chain, ethnic food options here in the Lancaster/De Soto/ Duncanville area... let's all concur, it is no small task.  Having said that, here is what happened.Boss strolls in and says he's hungry, co-worker mentions Tuscany Bistro and that it's really good but he's only been once.So, said co-worker lived in Chicago, traveled across Italy a bunch during his time in the military and if he says the food is really good... well then I must find out for myself.  Typically only go out once a week or two, so I figured... why not?What a superb idea and here are all the reasons why:It isn't far from the office, nice bonus... that said, I would drive from Rockwall here for dinner... seriously, I would... I don't know if my wife would want to, but it's THAT good!We come in, it's clean, open and we were greeted right away with a big smile and told we could sit wherever we liked.  Prompt, familiar and inviting.  This place is nice, but it's not over fancy schmancy, which is nice.We grab a seat and the 4 of us sit down (grabbed another guy on the way out).  Pretty normal accoutrement on the table, again not fancy, but I don't want it to be either.  Nice girl comes over and gets our drink order, swiftly returns with our drinks and some home made garlic / herb rolls.  Start looking over the pretty expansive menu and really digging the options.  Some places you go leave things off (like not having veal - a travesty of an Italian restaurant in my opinion), but here it's a good broad menu.  Before any of you sayers of nay, bark off the need for a scaled down, doable menu - fear not!  Since they make their own pasta (yes!!), make all their own sauces (WTH?!), and best put when I quipped to the server, "These are home made aren't they?", in a pixie like lilting tone (even cutely dismissive), "Everything is home made" along with a cute (not obnoxious) giggle... as if to say "Silly goose, is there even another way?"After she comes back to take our order, I ask for some olive oil for the rolls and we order these delightful items:Diner 1: Pasta Trio, Cannelloni,  Lasagna, and baked manicotti.Moi: Linguini / Clams in a white wine sauceBoss: Eggplant Parmigiana (he's a big fan of this dish and proclaimed he hasn't had a good one in 18 yrs) and a side of meatballs (glad he did, cuz I wanted some too haha).Diner 2: Tortellini w/Bolognese meat sauce (the creamy red sauce variety) She returns with a nice little bowl of crushed garlic, red pepper flakes, herbs and a touch of salt and pepper...  I could eat a bag of rolls and a whole bowl of this incredible, garlicky, pungent perfectly seasoned oil.  We took one bite and immediately asked for more bread!  She comes right back with a batch of rolls fresh out of the oven and we proceed to demolish this concoction.  Seriously, I've had this stuff all over and it's hands down my favorite.We each get a dinner salad with our lunch (which I'll also mention the prices are extremely reasonable), they have a tasty tomato vinaigrette, and my only minor suggestion would be a little less dressed (seriously that is the only thing I can think of that wasn't just about perfect).  I alternate stuffing my pie hole with tasty salad and food porn worthy garlic oil dip... Our food arrives (see some of my pictures, they'll be up here in a minute) and not only does it look good and smell good... it's flat out gorge yourself superb tasting!  I loped off a piece of that meatball and it was almost pillow-like to cut through.  It melted in my mouth and it was obvious to me, done with love.  I see a good amount of clams and some good sized ones and pop it in my mouth (the big fear is getting clams that remind you of pencil erasers), it is tender, hint of brine, hint of the sea... just what it's supposed to be, but so rarely is (especially in a lunch special for 7.99) and I eat a few more... they are all the same.  I swirl up some of the fresh made linguini, take a bite and am transported to another place.  Not only will I finish my lunch today, I will be extremely happy doing it.  Nothing but empty plates, and "my god this is SO good".  "This is the best eggplant parmigiana I've had in 18 years", "We WILL be coming back here and soon".  The food here is rustic, from scratch, expertly seasoned food porn... I know, I said it twice... pfft ;).  All of us concur, it is every bit as good if not better than the Mom n Pop's we've eaten at in Chicago and NY, I kid you not, we were already discussing what we were going to have when we came back.  I'm going to find out more about these folks and can't wait to bring them more business from our office - was just telling folks that we can't let this absolute diamond in the rough fail.Thank you folks, it was incredible, although my wife will NOT be happy about the vampire killing volume of garlic I had today!!
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2013,12/14/2013,29,58,5,10,9>This place is a true gastronomy pub masquerading as a trashy glam rock venue!The only details off about the whole thing were the lighting, decor and menu board. Too bright, not my style and pretty-yet-unreadable, in that order. Just getting the nitpicks out of the way.Everything else, from the bartender ("Handsome", yes that's not just a descriptor, it's his name), to the service and prices was a slam dunk. I have been here twice now, and each time it lived up to the legend of green room past.Even better than the green room, this place seems to attract women. I can never predict what women will like, but mine loves this joint. The bar wasn't crowded, but the patrons were attractive and friendly.The music is 80s-90s glam, hair metal and the odd alternative jam, played at a comfortable, but appropriately rockin volume.The service was outstanding. Bar service was top notch. Table service was very good. The cooks were seemingly cool guys and worked hard. No mistakes and great attitudes. Handsome was a blast behind the bar. He also cut off a female customer who had too much to drink, with such class and good humor that she thanked him!The menu is varied, charming and reasonably priced. The huckleberry sausage corndogs are something I crave now. The Cuban B (yes, Cuban B) was awesome, and they smoke their own meats on-premise. This is easily the best bar food in Dallas. The kitchen is open late too (whaaaaaaat?), and it's an open kitchen. Everyone ate everything. The check was what I would expect from a chilis, not such an exceptional venue inspired by an expensive restaurant. Fantastic value.I will be back again and again!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,12/13/2013,98,160,9,10,6>Periodically, I'll eat somewhere that I swear is in an alternate dimension from my fellow Yelpers. I've browsed other reviews of this place and, at least for my visit, I did not see, nor experience, what seems to be par for the course here. In fact, Henry's did so much to erase the lingering memories of the old Fox Sports Bar & Grill from my mind that I'm convinced the place is run by a team of hypnotists, which might explain why I was able to leave this building with no pants on. That was a lame joke and if you laughed, then keep reading. If not, then we might not have a future here, random viewer of my review. But in all honesty, Henry's deserves far more attention than most reviews would have you believe.A group of us met up here for a round of drinks, appetizers and entrees on a Monday night. I had never been here before but I was here a couple of times years ago when it was a place I've already named once that shall never be named again. It was bogus then and I feared the worst going in. We (two of us) grabbed a high top in the bar area after walking past a fairly large waiting room and a narrow hallway that split off into separate dining rooms. We emerged into a large bar area with high top tables and booths surrounding a foundation built upon 100+ beers on tap and an atmosphere that did its best to mask the illusion that you were (unfortunately) in Plano surrounded by image-conscious denizens who demand to be seen -AND- heard. We grabbed a high top and waited for the rest of our party to meet up with us.In that time, a waitress stopped by and greeted us before our server proper came by. Both girls were on top of their game and did their best to make sure the experience was as painless as it could be. And how could it not be? Is that "Modern Love" by David Bowie I hear on the speakers? During happy hour? When drinks and appetizers are discounted?! Say no more! No, really - say no more, because I want to listen to the sounds of Bowie.We started with a plate of chicken tenders and potato chips, and now is a good time to point out that the more health conscious of the readers may want to check their expectations at the door. I'm not saying this place does not cater to those on a diet, but our group blew right past our daily caloric intake via a copious amount of beer, pretzels with a unique peanut butter/bacon dip (yes, you read that correctly, and yes, it is as divine as you might imagine) and entrees ranging from burgers covered in cheese to burgers covered in some sort of sauce that would let you hear the diner's arteries clogging on a silent night. The food is not something you could eat on a regular basis (at least not any of our orders) but I challenge you to say it was not good.Beer selection is also top of the game. While I would have easily awarded 11 stars if they had Moosehead on tap, the simple fact that I could get both Moose Drool and Batch 19 in the same environment in northern Dallas is a testament to the owners. Ditto the chilled temperatures. There's nothing worse than room temperature beer except for people who like room temperature beer. And fortunately, neither of those were to be found at our table.But speaking of people with questionable tastes, I'm that random guy who loves a coffee (or 2 or 12) after his alcohol, and I was not at a loss for my caffeine intake. Sure, the coffee isn't going to set the world on fire but I wouldn't expect it to coming from a place like this. And that isn't a knock on the establishment - it's just that it would be like going to a comic book store and expecting their selection of classic literature to be outstanding. In fact, the combination coffee and shot of whiskey done at night's end was a comforting one as it demonstrated this place is perfectly willing to bring you just about anything you order, provided no one will get arrested for obliging.In reality, the food and drink are not nearly as abysmal as some of these reviews make them out to be. Service, on the other hand, is a bit of an iffy area. My favorite part of the meal had to be when our server took three of the four orders at our table. Yeah, for some reason, I guess she decided the fourth guy didn't need dinner tonight because she walked away in mid-order. It was pretty awesome/tragic.  She also may have been a bit better at managing refills but it was no life or death matter, as far as I'm concerned - perhaps if they had a better team system in place, it would not have been as noticeable? I don't know - all I know is that the coffee cups here are huge and, as a result, the coffee gets cold faster than you would expect.In a total gearshift of a mention, the bathrooms here are huge. I don't have a smooth transition into this, but perhaps that's because I'm trying to figure out the judicious words to use when talking about how the covers of various "Sports Illustrated Swimsuit Issues" adorn the space above the urinals.To sum it up: Henry's is a worthy addition to the area.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/24/2013,12/12/2013,434,194,12,17,8>Excuse me, pardon me, hi I need to get by, MOVE IT LADY! Please brush up on all of these phrases as you will certainly use them at this Trader Joe's. The space is small. I would say roughly half the size of the Whole Foods on Abrams and Gaston Avenue. There always seems to be plenty of people in this place as well. Everyone trying to get by each other navigating through the aisles with their shopping carts. However don't let the small size scare you away.The store is very well organized with vegetables and fruits, frozen foods, cereals, and drinks in each aisle. A good selection of wine and beer too. The biggest appeal here is price for the quality. Items appeared to be of very good quality including natural and organic fruits and vegetables, HFCS free snacks and a decent selection of meats, cheeses, breads and wine. Prices here seem to be much less than those of Central Market or Whole Foods. My wife and I walked out today with six bags full of groceries for less than $105. Only disappointment is no deli, bakery or meat market. All meats/breads are pre-packaged. There is a floral section with a good selection of plants and flowers. There is a decent size parking lot however this place does stay crowded. Conveniently located on lower Greenville Avenue, Trader Joe's is our new go to place for day-to-day groceries!!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,12/11/2013,113,190,7,5,3>Hipster, I am not, and I love the shit out of Barcadia.  I find the drink prices reasonable, the snacks decent, and the games super fun. If you didn't know, Barcadia is a bar with giant Jenga and various old school arcade games.I do get a little confused by the itty bitty super cute dresses and 5 inch heels. I guess this is a Dallas thing? I dunno. I don't care. I come here to get drank and BEAT RYAN AT SKEE BALL AND EVERYTHING EVER.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2013,12/10/2013,40,113,1,12,4>I have to write an update based on our recent experience at the Capital Grille.  Since my first review in 2011, I have transitioned to a vegan diet.  My husband and I have always enjoyed our anniversary and special events at Capital Grille and dear hubby was worried we'd never go there again.  However, my sweet husband contacted the Exec. Chef and explained the situation, and the chef replied that they are happy to serve veg customers and to let them know when we come in.  So, we made reservations in May to celebrate the end of a long home remodel project, and my husband reminded them of my veg status. When we arrived, our server greeted us warmly as usual and then reviewed the items with me that could be veganized (mostly the salads).  But, he then told me that the chef was prepared to make me a special veg entree for the evening that consisted of seasonal fresh veggies.  When the plate arrived, it was more than enough.  Well cooked potatoes, asparagus and squash. Grilled tomatoes and a citrus glaze that was delicious.  For dessert, they prepared us a fresh berry compote.  I've also been told they will do a delicious veg pasta dish if you desire.So, be assured that The Capital Grille aims to please customers with special diets and needs.  Just tell them when making your reservation.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,12/9/2013,514,437,4,17,9>Purchased a Gilt voucher for this restaurant, and did not experience any of the horror stories I'd read. Our first flight was rescheduled, yes, but it was raining, so it was in no way Delta Charlie's fault.Our second attempt went off without a hitch. We arrived a bit early, but we were seated promptly and allowed to order. During the meal, we were advised that our pilot was about to arrive and had to have our dessert after the flight so they could keep things on schedule, but it wasn't a big deal. We had sat at 6:50 when we were scheduled for 7:30.INTERIOR: It was funny because we were a bit overdressed while everyone else was dressed as if it were a casual diner. Which it was. The interior is very casual and open. Nothing like the "romantic" atmosphere I had expected from the voucher description. But I saw several couples come in after us who also dressed up a bit. You could tell who had gotten vouchers and who was just there to eat.SERVICE: Honestly, it was so-so. I think we were expecting really friendly, really upscale (because the deal made it sound like a romaaantic atmosphere). In reality, it was very business-like, and a little awkward.FOOD: The food was okay -- I got the chicken alfredo, and my boyfriend got the ribeye. The chicken was actually very juicy, not dry like most places, and the pasta was decent. The steak and mashed potatoes were enjoyable. Nothing spectacular, but we were more excited about the flight.FLIGHT: The pilot was very nice, and the flight was amazing! They recommend going during nighttime, but we went at golden hour, right before the sun was setting, and it was beautiful. We saw the skyline from afar, flew over the Cotton Bowl, and then made a turn and were actually fairly close to all the skyscrapers downtown! It was beautiful.Overall, I recommend this place for a unique experience. I might even come back just for a night-time view of the city. The food and service were a little disappointing, but the flight made up for it big time!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,12/8/2013,53,165,7,4,3>My lunch buddy was out of town today, so I flew solo to First Chinese, and lost all control, walking out with a $50 check and food for the whole week.  Here is what I scored:   - a whole duck, chopped up.  sweet Jesus, there is nothing better in the whole world than this dish, period. see-duck-tive, impossible to maintain control, must savor-binge.  the whole bird is plenty of protein for 4 people, a ridiculous bargain at about $17   - roast pork-  crispy, juicy heavenliness (no scrabble points for that adjective, but plenty of palate joy points)    - bbq pork- a smokier version of the divine, sans crunch   - mushroom hot pot- a lovely medley of shrooms, tofu (which I only eat at FCB), pork, and misc veggies in a thin stocky sauce that is good on everything   - beef tendons- an odd weakness of mine.  try it if you are adventurous- firm toothsome texture like nothing else   - sauteed bean sprouts- excellent with everything, crunchy, fresh, garlicky, and aromatic   - perfect steamed white rice drizzled with soy and jalapeno vinegar-  mm, my way :PAlas, I had to leave the enormous roasted pig's head up front, as I was overloaded with to go bags, and limited frig capacity.  Bob (my dog) will need to settle for duck shrapnel this week- porcine cranial matter (his fave) will have to wait until next time. :)
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,12/7/2013,242,97,5,8,5>Wow! HOMERUN! We took our little four legged daughter Dee-Dee in for a completely new haircut! She is a very high maintenance Maltese with a long coat. After researching shorter haircuts, we decided on a new look! When we arrived, we showed them a picture of our desired outcome! The gentleman at the front desk immediately called it the teddy bear cut! When my partner arrived just hours later to get her, he was so thrilled with her new look he forgot to tip! LOL!!!!!! Therefore, she will return over and over again to maintain this amazing new haircut! Way to go team PETROPOLITAN! We love our new puppy!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,12/6/2013,257,612,3,10,4>My friend and I have wanted to go to The French Room for years and finally found a good enough reason to check this place out. So I booked my reservations for a party of three a week prior using the Yelp app and went on a Wednesday evening. The decor is beautiful and almost cheesy! I felt like I was in a Vegas rendition of Paris. The ceiling is very pretty and well maintained. Service was really great and the other patrons did not come off as stuffy or pretentious that Dallas is known for. I love French food. I love to cook and eat French food, so I was expecting awesome amazingness especially for $120 per person. Unfortunately, it was not the best French I've had. For half the price, Le Mistral in Houston serves up better French food. The foie gras and crab cake was the best I've ever had. My scallops were really good but nothing to write home about. My boyfriend's beef tenderloin was very tender, but he said he enjoyed Capital Grille better. My pecan torte was decadent and delicious, and that Grand Marnier souffle is the best souffle in Dallas, even beating Rise No.1. So the appetizers and desserts are hell yea good, but the entrees we ordered could have been better.
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,12/5/2013,170,284,4,8,5>This is a seriously impressive lunch buffet- both in variety and quality of food. It's $10, which is a little expensive if you eat-in and dont have a big appetite, but for the sake of frugality (or genius?) you can, instead, also fill a "to-go" box, which holds at least $10 worth of food. I could fill half of mine with the pita and hummus alone!!Parking is available in limited quantities on the street, but is readily available in the garage behind the restaurant. Both the interior and patio are styled in a minimalist fashion and, while comfortable, do stray from typical mediterranean decor.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,12/4/2013,108,213,6,10,9>Some friends invited my wife and I to the Butch Walker concert at the Kessler. My initial reaction was who? Where?Gotta say the concert was one of the best I've ever been to!!!  If you don't know who Butch is, do yourself a favor and check him out! He puts on one hell of a show! But I digress, this isn't a Butch Walker review.  It's a Kessler Theater review. It's such a cool venue to see a concert. The acoustics are awesome. Plus there's not a bad spot in the house because it's so small and intimate. We were probably 15 feet from the stage!  But wait, there's more! They serve booze! Not expensive concert $12 dollar Bud Lights.  Oh no, they've got a pretty big beer selection and they serve mixed drinks. Not sure about all of the prices but I do know a Blue Moon will only set you back $5...  We will definitely be back.  I've already started checking their calendar.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2013,12/3/2013,65,99,8,9,5>This is  a pretty excellent burger spot.  One thing that is confusing to me is the service.  I like the idea of being assigned a seat after you order so no  hawking for table during busy time.  The part that confused me is.... I have eaten here 3 times and I still am not sure if it's full service or self serve.  One time I ate there a waiter came by and refilled my drink.  The second time there were no waiters around so I just filled it myself.  I was pretty confused because there are times where I go and 3 waitstaff will stop by and introduce themselves, and other times where we just sit eat and no one comes by.  Consistency yo!Anyhow they have a pretty sweet variety of natural sodas and drinks which normally come bottled, but they have the fountain version which is pretty sweet.  In addition to this they have huge selection of burgers, and not only beef burgers, but Lamb and vegetarian choices (lol).  Typically I am a simple burger kind of guy, but the toppings and flavor and different sauces really give these burgers a kick.  One fair warning, the El Diablo is pretty hot.  Nice restaurant, service as confusing as properly pronouncing the name to an Asian immigrant, excellent burgers.  The shakes aren't bad either!
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,12/2/2013,80,259,2,14,5>I love coming here they have some great shoes and sometimes they have some interesting fun stuff too. The prices are reasonable and the staff is nice the only bad thing is that it is soo far from where i live. love coming here every once in a while when im in the area.They always have a great variety of new shoes from sadals, boots, heels, more. Great store
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,12/1/2013,40,95,5,9,7>A lovely little cafe in the corner of a historic post office? Sandwiches, coffee, and pastries galore? Sign me up! It is actually in the corner of the post office building- I didn't see any signs on the street, but you'll find it. There is easy metered parking available all around the building. I have to admit, even though I knew where I was going, I really enjoyed walking through the gorgeous post office and feeling like I stumbled upon a hidden haven of sweets and coffee. I got the turkey, goat cheese, pesto, pepper sandwich (it also usually comes with prosciutto) with the orzo & wild rice side. The sandwich was nice, and the orzo was really yummy. If I were being nitpicky, I'd say the bread and orzo were both a little oily. Their website doesn't list ingredients, but I hope their sourcing at least some things local and/or organic. After asking for an iced americano, the excitable barista started convincing me to order their cold-brewed iced coffee instead. While I still prefer iced americanos, I appreciated her non-snooty way of nerding out over coffee. And their cold-brewed coffee is pretty good. I stopped in right at 12:30, so it was pretty crowded. There are a good amount of tables, but beware, it gets cramped when the tables are full, there's a line of people waiting, and people waiting on their food. I can't wait to go back and try their sweets!
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,11/30/2013,238,86,11,15,12>L ot's of options. All of them good.A esthetically pleasing addicting and amazingly achieving high amounts of yum!B ank on that banging burger bun,wheat or white to provide a perfect bed for fun!U mami, sweet, sour, and spicy its all here!R are to find really well made fusion, this is the real deal radically raw with talent.G enerous portions, best fusion in Dallas Korean+American= perfect balance!E ven if the burgers are big, you wont feel as though you've swallowed a pig.R isking a go on a lesser burger is a blunder Pirates would plunder for this burger!The menu is extensive so check it out online first and go with a idea of what you want!The inside is not much, it looks like the shell of a small Hollister Outlet which got emptied out and turned into a Burger joint, but that doesn't really matter much.The food here is the reason to come, and it does Not disappoint!I came with a group of 4 Including me(I always include myself its a sign of good self esteem) and they gave us the option of splitting the burgers in haf so that we may share! How thoughtful! The Gypsi got a Namaste burger their Veggie Burger offering.Gypsies sis got a The West Coast, and I got the Psychedelic, an angus patty with sauteed mushrooms, Swiss, and their housemade mushroom sauce.The Gypsies mum got Veggie Tacos.The West Coast was Spicy a bit too spicy for my taste buds but so very delicious I didnt leave a morsel!! You normal people without a three year old girly spice level taste buds should be fine! The Mushroom burger was excellent as well and all burgers while by no means small did not weigh you down, nor were greasy or gross! The Namaste has to be the Best Veggie burger we have all tried, and ditto on the veggie Tacos!! They were superb and actually tasted like meat WHich the Gypsi LOVED!!We were all satisfied and Agreed this place is a new favorite of ours! :)Cant wait to go back for MORE!
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2013,11/29/2013,48,50,7,7,6>Sometimes I prefer not to read Yelp reviews before eating restaurant grub.  Heck no, that's not true.  But I do forgot from time to time.  Fortunately, this was the case when ordering I luv Pho via delivery service.  Grub Hub has their own rigged review system that only quote raving fans for their selective restaurants.  So...wanting something healthy and semi-fresh, and impressed by their robust menu options, I started to mindlessly click random entrees and drinks into checkout.  $45.00 later and my mouth is watering.  However, 45 minutes later and I'm peeved the 30 minute window promise has been breached.  Which always confuses me:  who's to blame GrubHub or Pho?  Bounding up my sidewalk, a smiling Vietnamese boy (did he even have a driver's license?) delivers the goods.  Dilemma answered:  PhoForgetting my cappucino mocha ordered, I immediately sipped my first taste of bliss.  Better than any coffee shop concoction, this tickled my taste buds.  I was rather full before even trying the food, so saved the rest for later.  Usually re-re-re-RE-warmed Asian food is less than par, but to my surprise was still really fresh.  Really.  fresh.The sticky rice was just sticky enough.  The pad thai was just peanuty enough.  And the spice was more than expected---awesome!Read reviews after my satisfactory din din and am surprised there aren't more favorable reviews.  Or should I say, FLAVorable?
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2013,11/28/2013,249,441,3,10,5>Hutchins BBQ has been on my radar for a while now, especially given their recent inclusion in Texas Monthly's list of "Top 50 Barbecue Joints" for 2013. The short, winding line to order ended at the knife men, who slice everything to order right in front of you. No surprises here.I ordered a Three Meat Plate of sliced brisket, sausage, and ribs (the Texas Trinity). My meats weighed in right at a pound; I certainly had my work cut out for me. Their combo plates come with two side dishes, which are all set out self-serve buffet style. I picked the Texas beans and potato salad.The potato salad was both creamy and crunchy at the same time. It had just the right amount of salt, with a hint of dill too. The pickles gave it a nice flavor. The beans were also really tasty. I found big chunks of tender brisket mixed right in. The seasoning blend was perfect - not spicy, but definitely not bland either.With my side dishes out of the way, it was time for the main attraction. The brisket looked gorgeous and had a deep black crust, with a thick smoke ring beneath. The meat was extremely tender and juicy and had an almost silky texture to it. There was a good amount of smoke and a very tasty seasoning blend.Next came the sausage, which was also delicious. There was a good snap to the casings, though the smoke seemed to have penetrated nicely. There was plenty of black pepper mixed throughout and just a hint of garlic. No store-bought sausage here, that's for sure.To put it mildly, the ribs were amazing! They had a great crust. The meat was very tender, but properly stayed put until each subsequent bite. There was a nice seasoning and lots of smokey goodness throughout. No sauce was needed here at all, and I didn't dare add any.At Hutchins, dine-in customers are treated to complimentary desserts, so I tried both the banana pudding and the peach cobbler. Sorry diet, better luck next time. The 'nana pudding seemed to be a 50/50 combination of whipped cream and pudding, with a few bananas and Nilla wafers tossed in for good measure. It was really light and airy. Their peach cobbler is made in a shallow baking sheet, so there was a lot of crust to be had. The peaches were most likely canned, but still tasted good either way.I was sad to leave Hutchins, but I guess all good things must come to an end sooner or later.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,11/27/2013,275,242,1,12,5>I love Hana so much that I have to upgrade my review from four stars to five stars. My family comes here very often and are always full and happy when we leave. The owner is sweet and she makes sure that everything is fresh and made with quality ingredients. We've actually seen her out grocery shopping when the restaurant is closed. She told us that they change out their frying oil every couple of days. This makes the food taste better when it is fried with fresh, clean oil. I am glad that the standards have stayed high and they are still here. Tip: If it's your birthday and you want sushi, go to Hana because you can eat free for your birthday.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/26/2013,228,176,8,6,3>This is my go to Target.  It's close to home and well it's Target so it's a step up from the other big box retailers.  This store can be confusing, though.  There are two entrances one on each side.  But only check outs on one.  So if you park in the other lot you get to schlep your newly purchased items back through the store to the other side.  If you forgot you parked on the other side you look like a dummy looking for your car because the parking lot doesn't look the same at all!  Yes, I'm speaking from experience.  It's Target, you know what to expect.  The star I took off I left in the other parking lot.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2013,11/25/2013,320,520,,11,4>A group of us went to experience the new opening of the Dee Lincoln Steak & Burger Bar last night.  As soon as we walked in, we saw Dee Lincoln, so I felt a sudden warm welcome just by knowing that the owner was there to make sure her new venture was taking off in the right direction.Once seated, our waiter came over, providing us with large, woodened menus.  Here's my experience...*The Service*Our waiter was not attentive at all, and with a group of 6 people, we definitely needed more than a quick run by every 20 minutes.  We had to keep asking other workers to get our waiter to come by.  2.5 hours later, we were finally out of the door from having dinner on a not so busy Tuesday night.*The Atmosphere*The inside had a cool and trendy feel to it.  The restaurant was half full, which I think is great for a Tuesday night, not to mention only being open for 5 days.  *The Food*After noticing that they didn't offer many options for wine by the glass, I decided to focus my attention strictly on the food.  We decided to order some appetizers for sharing:Sashimi Tuna StackThis was my favorite appetizer that we ordered.  I am not a fan of wasabi; however, this wasabi avocado combination was light and nice to the taste.  All of the flavors from the sour cream, honey, and hint of goat cheese made this a winner starter.Hushpuppy ShrimpI expected shrimp to come out wrapped in cornmeal of some kind, but instead, we received 6 beautifully plated shrimp that were lightly fried with a spicy creole sauce.  I would recommend trying it.Cast Iron TunaI thought the tuna was ok.  Had it not been for the biscuit that accompanied the tuna, I wouldn't have been so thrilled about this.  I wouldn't order it again to say the least.Steakhouse Street TacosThe beef tenderloin was packed with flavor and the chili salsa elevated these tacos to greatness.For my entrée, I decided on the Turkey Burger.  Unfortunately, the meat was extremely dry and there wasn't enough pesto sauce on the boring bun to help the burger out.  I highly recommend that the chef change buns immediately, make the meat juicier, and add more pesto sauce to the bun.  With these changes, this burger can have the potential of being great.  (One of my other friend's ordered this burger as well, and only ate half of it due to the lack of flavor).The CowboyI had a bit of this burger and I have nothing good to say about it.  It was very dry and needs a kick in order to make it in Texas...where burgers are loved so much.For sides, we ordered:Candied Sweet PotatoesThese sweet potatoes were the highlight of my night.  It was almost like I was eating dessert, but I didn't have to feel the guilt since it wasn't called dessert.  I never thought I would have a love for "pecan bacon syrup" until now.  Amazing!Crispy Brussel SproutsThe brussel sprouts were overcooked.  It wasn't anything to rave about.For dessert, we all ordered the Coca Cola Chocolate cake.  It looked awesome, but it didn't taste awesome.  The cake was very dry and wasn't worth the carbs.  Overall, the food was ok.  I expect things to get better after they work out a few of their kinks.  I may revisit this place in a few months.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,11/24/2013,137,147,9,8,8>So tennis is one of my passions, and I play quite a bit. Against men, women, children and even the elderly. I've been known to overhead slam my female opponent in mixed dubs, and I've gotten the ball drilled into my junk before. It's part of the game. I've had some very serious USTA sectionals matches trying to get to nationals, and I've played doubles against 70 and 80 year old former state champions who can still play, even if they can't move. So in all this, I'm looking for a secret weapon. That weapon is Randy Stephenson. Randy's passion is stringing racquets. He is certified as a master racquet technician which is an elite group of about 350 people WORLDWIDE. He is so good that he has been flown to Wimbledon and other pro tournaments to be on their stringing team for the pros, and has strung racquets for Nadal, the Bryan brothers and others. Pros coming through Dallas to train or play in the Challenger tournament routinely call him up and have him do their stringing. Umm...yeah: good enough for me. He and his wife are really sweet, down to earth people, and he is happy to string your racquet and talk with you while he works. A quick call ahead is usually best to make sure he's got time. It's not any more expensive than what I was paying at a local country club before, even though it's a hella long way for me to Plano. He's got a very cool electronic string bed tension test machine, as well as the latest high-tech stringing machines. I have LOVED the way my strings play ever since going to him. So if you see me out in the 100 degree summer sun getting my ass run around the court by some geriatric, know that at least I have only myself, not my awesome strings, to blame.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,11/23/2013,253,248,7,14,9>Say what you want about this and other thrift stores but I have the pics to prove the great deals at this store.  Last year I would go in once a month to buy candles but this year, I've taken the time to browse the racks.  The other reviewer said skip the shoes...well that would be your loss since in the last two months, I've found BRAND NEW UNWORN pairs of Red Italian Shoes for $8 and Ralph Lauren for $15 which I didn't buy because I am maxed out on shoe space but today, I just couldn't pass up a pair of BRAND NEW Charles David shoes marked for $13 & discounted to effin $3 for the daily special.  Uh, I could resell these shoes for more than both of those prices....but I wont.  I love it because the people who price the items (and the regular clientele) only know well known brands like American Eagle and Gap....which are super high prices but don't realize the value of a pair of Italian Leather shoes - oh those shoes were so cute.  SO WHAT THEY DONT HAVE A FITTING ROOM - everyone is trying on clothes all over the store.  I do and am glad to when I can find bargains like these.  You want a fitting room....go pay higher prices and get a fitting room as for me, I'm fine with just the way it is.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,11/22/2013,258,201,8,8,5>This place was almost, ALMOST good enough for me to change my rather set-in-my-ways opinion on all "upscale mexican" restaurants. While my opinon on all them hasn't changed, Meso Maya, you are the exception to the rule my friend. Because here's the thing. If I am going to pay an arm and a leg for Mexican food, it better be melt-your-face-off, I'm-going-into-a-food-based-pleasure-coma delicious. UMMMM THIS PLACE TOTALLY WAS.So, after a long day of pretending to be 12-year-olds at Six Flags, you can imagine we'd worked up quite an appetite. So what better than some cheap, disgusting, greasy, cheesy Mexican food to top off the day? Yep, we tried that - El Fenix was closed. So, already set on Mexican and not in the mood to traipse around town, we saw the sign for this place and decided to give it a shot. Here's how it went down, in 10 easy steps.1. Walk in with BF, probably sweaty and looking like I just took off a fanny pack. 2. Look around and realize that this place is going to be WAY more expensive than El Fenix.3. Weigh need for food and adult beverage with option of getting back into car without food or adult beverage. 4. Need for food/bev wins (duh), and make peace with what will be probably very expensive tab.5. Sit down, get treated like royalty by server although I look like a sweaty, sunburned idiot who came in extremely close to closing time.6. Order some sort of delicious magical beverage (recommended by server, can't remember the name) that tastes like a combination of angels' tears and Henry Cavill's shirtless body. 7. Order the Budin Azteca el Camaron. Skeptically. 8. Eat Budin Azteca as fireworks go off on my tastebuds and sight nearly blacks out from deliciousness overload.9. Have server ask if you liked it, which is rhetorical because it literally looks as if I licked my plate (although I didn't - I don't think). 10. Leave with reasonable tab for two drinks and two ridiculously amazeballs entrees, and vow to never judge all upscale Mexican restaurants the same from now on. Touche, Meso Mayo. Touche.Unicorns and Rainbows and Fairies, Ash
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,11/21/2013,54,243,3,8,7>Holy crustaceans!  Tried to prepare myself for the likely wait, regardless of the time of day, and well, was not disappointed in that!  However, 4 p.m. on a Sunday, a wait of 3 hours with two kids? Nah, that's ok, I'll get to go...Living only 10 minutes from The BC made it a logical choice; and oh how good it is.Our choices:  2 lbs shrimp, the whole shabang, 2 lbs crawfish, the whole shabang, and shrimp/chicken tender basket for the kids with those awesome cajun fries AND sweet potato fries.Soon we were elbow deep in shabang dreams, uttering under our collective breath how damn good this stuff really is. And not 5 days later, I had the craving for some more shabang, and did a THursday after work to go run, less crowded (but still a lengthy wait), but food waiting for me...so so good.Although everyone talks about them opening another location, I honestly don't think they care to, as that may pull away some of the draw of this place...stupid waits, grungy parking lot, etc (although this place draws from all over the metroplex), it's a one of a kind, and I believe either they are working on opening new markets and letting existing ones become gastronomical landmarks.
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2013,11/20/2013,1025,261,4,10,6>Time travel. Currently impossible to do, yet the thought of it still haunts our imaginations and influences everything we create: films, books, retro trends and futuristic designs. The possibility of being able to travel to a happier time or a time where we can learn more about our past would be greatly beneficial to humanity (or disastrous if you watch movies like the Butterfly Effect or The Terminator). Well dream no more! While you won't physically travel back in time, a visit to The Dallas Heritage Village is probably about the closest you'll get to accomplishing that feat!The DHV consists of a few structures from early 1900's Texas. These buildings come from all parts of the state, then they are fully restored, and finally reassembled here to create the village itself. Some of the structures are: a hotel, a common shotgun house, a doctor's office, a school, a church, a farm, etc. My favorite portion of the village was Main Street. It consists of the general store, the bank, the saloon, etc. The best part about it is that you can go into all of these buildings and roam around. You can go behind the counters, go upstairs in the hotels and check out the rooms. You really get a feel of how it was to live back in the early 1900's.Unfortunately I wasn't there at a time when they were doing the blacksmith demonstrations. Plus the Sullivan house was closed because the staff that monitored that house had gone home. (WTH?) But fortunately I was there at a time where there weren't any school tours! LOL So, it was a nice peaceful stroll for us at that particular time, but I will warn you, I've heard that there are tons of tours that consist of a lot of running and screaming kids that go through there, so look out! In addition, they have a nice Pavilion that you can rent out for virtually any occasion (weddings, a party, etc.)There is a small fee of about $9 bucks to get in, but it's well worth it.On a beautiful day, a trip to Dallas Heritage Village would be the perfect way to spend some time! I'm sure Marty McFly and Doc Brown would agree!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/19/2013,102,49,17,15,15>Word was spreading like gun fire around the Dallas' foodie set about a new BBQ spot in Deep Ellum. Excited about the prospect to eat great BBQ after five o clock,  I mosied on over for dinner as quick as I could. Now, lets define BBQ. Shall we? First off,  BBQ does not mean, "cook out". It is not a verb. If you think proper BBQ takes place on a grill, that's also something you're wrong about. If you are going to want me to take your seriously, I am going to need to see a big smoker and a pit master. Now, the cuts and types of meat used can vary from region to region and so can the rubs and sauces. Being that I am from great state of Texas where Longhorn steer roam free, my heart is taken by a big ol' slab of beef. This means Brisket folks. True Texas BBQ. Giddy up. From the moment I pulled into their well lit parking lot until I took a seat, the amazing smell of smokey goodness filled my nose and provided the perfect Pavlovian effect for what was to come. In true Texas fashion we proceeded to order everything. It happened to be a Wednesday which was great because that's, "burnt ends day". Thank you sweet baby Jesus! Ill have a pound of those puppies too. What a pleasure it was to not  have to stand in line at the butt crack of morning to get some BBQ :cough cough: Pecan Lodge. Also pleasurable to not have to convince friends to take a road trip across the bridge :cough cough: Lockharts. So, here is the nitty gritty: EVERYTHING (and I  mean everything) was over the top perfect. The "sugar cookie" brisket had the most PERFECT bark crust and was highlighted by a  nice, red ring of smokey love. The serving was huge and it was so moist that it pulled away from itself with hardly any tugging. Like BBQ sauce? Cool. They have a great homemade one. Does it need it? Hell no. I am sorry Pecan Lodge, and Lockharts. I've found a new lover. I'm moving on. This my friends is the BEST BRISKET IN DALLAS. PERIOD. The chicken was also spectacular. I wont even go into the burnt ends because its hard to articulate was heaven tastes like. Yes, the sides were great too but we aren't here to talk about mac and cheese and green beans. We are here because as soon as this review is through, your mouth is wet craving some perfect Texas BBQ. Service: 10 --- cute girls mostly who are eager to please and make you feel welcome.Food: 12 out of 10Ambiance: 8 ---- cool, clean, modern finish out with an awesome jute box and a HUGE outdoor projection screen. Plus, there are tons of TVs. This is quintessentially the perfect  place to watch sports. OVERALL: NEW top 5 in my regular rotation. All other BBQ restaurants should take notes.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,11/18/2013,189,239,6,9,8>Well folks, we have found an EXCELLENT Chinese joint!   I am so thrilled!   Husband and I ordered via their easy online system and chose to pick it up.  Ok, Ok, yes we wanted to see what the place looked like.  Located in the same strip mall as Run On, its super easy to spot.   The restaurant is quite small inside, maybe 5 tables to sit down and eat at..  No one was dining in, but a handful of people picking up take out orders.   The menu includes your typical Chinese items as well a few Thai and Curry dishes.  We chose egg rolls, chicken with pea pods, chicken with cashew nuts and of course still on the hunt for the perfect Crab Rangoon, we had to order those.   First of all, those egg rolls were out of this world - so delicious!  To be honest, they might be some of the best I have ever had (in Texas for sure!).   Our entrée choices were awesome - the ingredients were fresh and the meals had a ton of flavor and overall just yummy!  I noticed that a lot of the Chinese restaurants (takeout type places) lack flavor in their food.  This place does not fall into that category AT ALL!   The portion size was huge - we will be having this again for lunch tomorrow.  One entrée would easily feed two people.   Now the goons... well, they weren't the goons that we typically love, they were the best ones we have had to date here in Texas; not terribly sweet and you could actually taste the crab.  The other food items were stellar so whatevs.We are so glad we found this place and that its close to home for easy pick-up!  This will definitely be our go to place when we want takeout Chinese!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,11/17/2013,302,390,21,13,15>Hey kids, gather around and let me pull out my walker and tell you kids about The Church. The first time I went to the church was back in nineteen-hundred and ninety-seven. I was what you called back then a club kid and I loved dressing up and partying. The dressing up part was just as important as the being there. The first time I went to The Church I did not even know it was a goth club/night because I had partied at The Lizard Lounge other nights since 1996, but I fell in love immediately. Plus, it gave me another way to dress up in fashions I loved and dance to music I felt just as passionate about. In goth world for those who may not know, dancing is a bit different. If you just go with the flow and borrow some movements like you're part of a modern dance troupe people will think you're an old pro. Also, take that happy look off of your face and look like your puppy just died and no one will ever be the wiser. To wait to be confused when you talk to people because despite the dark makeup and sullen style, goths are seriously some of the most hilarious and chipper people you will ever meet. Talk about acceptance city, that is the goth scene. Trust me, I'm old hat. The Church has two dance floors and if you are wondering where in the heck is everyone, try the patio area. It gets seriously crowded and this is where you can have some of the most riveting conversations and back in the day this is where you could also get a good spanking. ;)The Church entrance fee and drinks are low and they are always having theme events, concerts, special dj sets, fetish fun and etc, so you won't be bored. If you've never experienced a goth club and don't have a spare latex body suit or corset lying about, just throw on some black and you will feel right at home. And relax, no one will bite (unless you ask them to) and you will have a great time.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,11/16/2013,160,285,10,7,7>I laugh at all these "This bridge leads to nowhere" comments because I live on the other side of the MHH bridge.  So...this bridge leads me straight home.  What, you didn't think people on the other side of the bridge can Yelp?This bridge is spectacular.  It's awesome driving over it and seeing the skyline as I drive into Dallas everyday.  Especially on a clear day. The view at night is just as spectacular, where you can view the skyline lit up, including a portion of the Omni Hotel.A+++, will drive on again...and again...and again.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,11/15/2013,372,222,8,21,12>Food - 3/5Service - 4/5Price - 3/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: SalsaI was pleasantly surprised when I pulled up to Urban Rio. I haven't really made my way back to Plano to "hang out" since I moved away after graduating high school. But when I saw this building located in the middle of downtown Plano, it was a nice change of pace from the cookie cutter atmosphere that the rest of the city possesses.The area, although old, looks like a pretty neat place to eat, drink, and play -- there is a rooftop bar on top of the building and a dessert place right next door.As for the actual restaurant, I was not in awe nor was I disappointed. I left pretty satisfied and it didn't put a huge dent in my wallet. I ordered the fish tacos which were tasty and fresh. However, my favorite part of the whole meal was indeed the salsa and chips. The salsa had a kick, but it wasn't too spicy. And the chips were crispy (one of my biggest pet peeves is when restaurants serve old, stale chips). I know chips are sometimes free, but I've always believed that you need to start out the meal with a positive.Not sure I'll be back to Urban Rio, but well done, Plano. Well done.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,11/14/2013,477,163,4,11,8>Anyone who knows me knows how much I LOVE my burgers. This place is on the very top of my list. It is a hole in the wall, but what really matters is the quality of the food. I ordered the cheeseburger (well done). On my very first bite, I almost fell out my chair. It really was that amazing. It is grilled to perfection and the bun seems like it has some secret buttery sauce. I recommend sharing the tots because the portion is huge. I also tried the Dublin creme soda which was good.  I can't wait to come back to my new favorite burger joint.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,11/13/2013,308,111,6,10,8>Just attended the soft opening of new Alligator Cafe in Deep Ellum--and it was greatness!They did a good job of avoiding "soft opening" stumbling blocks and the place seemed to me to be running like a well-oiled machine. The place is finished out in a designy/trendy kind of way, but I suspect that may be left over from Rosemont.Order at the counter when you walk in--big menu is up on the wall with all the awesome favorites from Casa Linda location. Hey--they have collard greens on there, and they're GOOD!I told the order-taker to make me something awesome and I wanted it "Voodoo" (extra spicy) and it was, boy-howdy! The joint was packed, including the new outside deck they re-vamped, complete with live music--was a blues singer/guitarist on this visit.The wait staff helped us find a table--they're all booths and they are none too big either. Bit of a challenge there. I had an order of Boudin Balls brought out and they were spot on, then my main came out--the lady ordered me a jambalaya and it was chock-full of seafood! Tons of it--didn't skimp at all. Plus, it was spicy to the point of almost pain/pleasure overload.Too bad the terrible construction is ongoing right in front of their place, but don't let that deter you. Plenty of parking in the pay lots surrounding Alligator Cafe! Git on down there!
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,11/12/2013,326,673,15,26,19>FOE contains within its gates my FAVORITE pool in Dallas. Why is FOE my favorite pool in Dallas you might ask? Well, it's definitely not the fanciest pool in town, but I don't want fancy in my chlorine. This pool reminds me of the public pools I used to go to as a child, back when I didn't have a care in the world in my hot pink 90s style high-leg-cut one piece swimsuit. People are there to have good old fashioned clean fun - Have some crinkle cut fries for $2 or a cheeseburger and a few beers and then float around in a pool on a giant inflatable crocodile (BYOC)!The water is always just the right temperature to cool you off after baking in the sun, there is a large grassy area to lay/tan in, and both food and drinks are easily accessible and really reasonably priced. They have two volleyball courts, indoor air conditioned bathrooms, and they've even added 4 'cabanas' you can rent for the day if you need more shade than the trees along the edges of the outdoor area can provide. The fee for cabana rental is currently $30, but remember, FOE is a charitable organization. You're not throwing money down the toilet, you're helping them help the community!Every year when summer comes around and everyone else is grumpy about how close the temps in Dallas get to the surface of the sun, I am overjoyed with the prospect of going to the FOE pool. I'm happy to pay the entrance fee to support the charitable organization that FOE is. I'm also happy to keep my drinks at least a few feet away from the pool so that they don't have to shut it down to clean all of the straws and garbage out of the filters. Everyone at FOE was a noob at one point, even the oldest members, so I understand that there will always be people there who have no idea what is going on. Rule of thumb, your first time should be with someone who is not an FOE virgin. That way, you will have less of a chance of doing something that will offend or bother the other patrons. It really bothers me  when people go to FOE for the first time and complain about paying to get in, where they can take their drinks, or that they need to put a shirt and shoes on to use the toilet. If you don't want to follow the rules, or don't know what FOE stands for, you shouldn't be there in the first place. If you can't bother yourself to google FOE prior to going and show up with some sympathy for their various causes and rules, you should honestly just stay away. If you're wearing a t-shirt that says BRO on it and you think god created you personally as a gift to the universe, please, puhleeeeeeese, stay away! FOE isn't for everybody. It's for nice people, people who don't want any trouble, people who don't need to be the coolest dude in the room, people who are good sports, people who can smile and relax and take joy in the sky, the sun, and the water, the french fries, and the smiling friendly faces around them.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,11/11/2013,148,132,9,13,9>I think I just had the single most amazing tasting cupcake in the world today.  No, I do not think that.  I know I had the single most amazing tasting cupcake in the world today.  I've had Sprinkles (you can't call yourself a Dallasite unless you've tried a Sprinkles cupcake), I've had speciality cupcakes in East Asia and I've had my friends' homemade cupcakes.  But I have never come across a cupcake, a vegan cupcake for that matter, able to make me weak at the knees.  I'm a sweets and baked goods snob.  Unless brownies have Ghirardelli chocolate melted into them, I judge them mercilessly.  Of course I'll eat them because that is what all sweets' gluttons do.  But eating them doesn't mean that I won't judge them like the girl glaring at you from across the bar because you're wearing the same dress as her.Reverie Bakeshop is nestled right in between Qdoba and a Christian bookstore right around the corner from Starbucks on Coit and Campbell.  I walked into a quaint little bakery and was greeted cheerfully by three lovely ladies.  The pastry display was amaze-balls.  I began salivating as I peered through the glass display class at my options: whoopies, chocolate chip cookies, s'more cupcakes, and so on...  I stood there at a loss for words until one of the girls asked me if it was my first time there.  They were super helpful and told me which were some of their best selling items which are their cheesecakes and their cookies.  However, since I have a huge sweet tooth, I requested that they recommend me something that had a lot of chocolate to satiate my craving.  I am not a practicing vegan but I am definitely a fan of vegan goodies.  The cashier and I had a nice little chat about how she was surprised that I wasn't vegan yet trying out the bakery goods.  After a lot of inner turmoil and debate, I ended up getting a s'more cupcake.  They boxed it up in a cute little box for me with Reverie stamped on top of it and I happily scampered off with my treasure.Then I ate it.  I gobbled down the entire darn thing and enjoyed every single bite of it.  I don't care if this is a vegan bakery.  I don't care if it's gluten free.  In fact, I don't mind anything in the least because that cupcake was one of the tastiest treats I've ever had.Reverie Bakeshop, I'm coming back for you.  Expect me and my sweet tooth.  You're mine.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,11/10/2013,135,145,4,4,4>When I first moved to the area, Sundown was the first bar on Greenville I visited and I just never really stopped going back. The watch parties on the roof are my favorite. I can watch TV and still be social?? Duh, I'm there. Plus $3 wells on the roof Sunday thru Thursday? Perfect! I love you, Sundown. Probably a little too much honestly. I think my friends are tired of me recommending the place. But once you find a good thing...It doesn't hurt that the food is also AWESOME. 97% GMO free and all that jazz, if you're into that. The sweet potato fries and their dipping sauce? I could eat BUCKETS of them. Buckets.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,11/9/2013,310,677,3,4,4>Some friends and I decided to venture over here for a late lunch after a long day of checking out the brand new Perot Museum downtown. After looking it up on Yelp and reading great reviews I figured it was worth a shot. Loved the décor and it resembled a little bit of a lounge type of atmosphere. We were seated quickly and ordered up some sushi. We got the ahi tuna tower for starters and some spicy tuna rolls and the Louisiana roll. The ahi tower was yummy and had lots of crab and tuna in the mix. Definitely a meal in itself! The portions are huge here. I could hardly finish the two rolls I ordered. The owner Harlan came over and was super friendly and accommodating. We even got a chance to try the Butterfly Kiss roll on the house - my favorite of the day! The sushi is very fresh and tasty and they have lots of specialty rolls. I enjoyed my time here and cannot wait to go back! So happy to hear about this sushi spot in my favorite part of Dallas. I'm already planning my next trip there.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2013,11/8/2013,113,96,8,10,5>Wild Ginger is like rolling in the hay with your best friend's Mom. You will feel the warmth of your surroundings, receive fantastic service from your chef and sizzle some filet 'til it's tender.As you enter this hibachi bar you're greeted by a woman in fine silks with loose braids. You can hear an ambient trickle of a desktop fountain, and perhaps the native's drum as you're led to your seat. Once seated, you'll place your beverage order - I suggest the Kirin Ichiban for the true Japanese experience. Ichiban is a pale lager with a sweet scent and crisp taste of malts and grassy grains. It also goes great with sake bombs.Our chef was an entertaining creep that enjoyed train whistles and incoherent rambling, but  he knew how to sear his shrimp to perfection ;-) Overall, the service was great. After several beers a timid Ojousan (young lady) brought us free shots of saki to bomb, which was unexpected, but it may have been the gaze of the round eye that won her over.At roughly 15 dollars a plate, the Wild Ginger delivers excellence in both authenticity and flavor. The dishes offer variety and the chefs will provide entertainment for a wonderful lunch or evening with friends. If you're unsure of what to order or need guidance through the hibachi process, the wait staff is there for you, and they're friendly and attentive. I would most certainly recommend this restaurant to others.Be sure to stop in and, O shokuji o o tanoshimi kudasai (enjoy your meal)
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,11/7/2013,262,320,11,16,11>Disclosure:  I have visited the State Fair of Texas 15+ times.The State Fair of Texas is the ultimate showcase of fried gluttony, big truck debuts, seasoned carnies, assorted thrill rides, crowds, football, and Big Tex.  It's a wonderful pot of Texas culture that needs to be seen, felt, tasted, and experienced.  My Overall Rating - 5 Stars (Atmosphere, Service, Food, Return)Atmosphere - You can see the Ferris wheel from the highway.  You can smell the fried food in the air.  You can hear the carnies taunting you in the Midway.  You can feel the electricity from the crowds during Texas-OU.  It's the State Fair of Texas that can only create this atmosphere.  The biggest challenge is parking, but there are many official lots in addition to private parking.  For busy weekends, use the DART rail, as Fair Park has a stop and it's so convenient.  1 Star.Service - IT's hard to rate "service" at the Fair, but most Fair employees are extremely nice and helpful.  From the crosswalk guards to the ticket takers, everyone wants you to have a good time.  But don't mistake the carnie's charm and compliments as being real.  They just want you to spend that extra $2 to win a stuffed animal that's made in China.  Long lines don't count as bad service.  That just means the wait will be worth it.  1 Star.Food - Before I get into the food, there are so many things to do at the Fair.  There's a Children's petting zoo, a children's Farm, and several shows for the little ones.  The Auto show is almost as good as the Dallas show downtown.  The Laser show is great on cool nights.  And there's tons of exhibitors waiting to peddle their wares.  I'll admit it, I've bought a sham wow once or twice.  But we all know it's really about the fried foods.  I've listed some of my favorites below:Fletchers Corny Dog (By Big Tex)Tornado Taters (NE side of Cotton Bowl)Fried Latte from Desperados (N side of Cotton Bowl)Darn Good Corn (Midway)Smoked Turkey Leg (S of Cotton Bowl)Frito Pie from Chili Parlor (Coca-Cola building)Green Apple with melted caramel (Coca-Cola building)I always try something new too.  Avoid the fried bacon.  Bacon is already perfect, there's no need to trick it up.  Yes, it's expensive, but it's also a one of a kind experience.  2 Stars.Will I Return? - I'm kind of a Big Tex groupie.  My family goes every year.  We always buy season passes and try to spend at least one day looking at exhibits.  If you live in Texas, you have to go at least once....or go back to California where you belong!   1 Star.My Yelp Rating Scale (Sum of all parts):1 Star - Atmosphere - Is it a cool dive?  Perhaps an upscale place?  No matter the type, atmosphere plays a big part and I'll give a star if I like it or thinks it has great charm.1 Star - Service - You can have a great meal with bad service.  But that's also what can make a five star joint drop to four.  It's important to the dining experience that service is great and on point.2 Stars - Food - I'll award up to two stars for the food, since this is the main reason we dine out.  Sometimes the extra star is given for value, but it's really all about the food.1 Star - Will I come back? - If I know for a fact I'll return, I'll give this a star. A place has to make an impression for me to return. Each Category can be given up to 1 star except food (2 stars) because I consider all these categories important to the overall dining experience.  I will sum them up to provide my final Yelp score
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,11/6/2013,90,154,2,6,3>Oysters. Cocktails. Wine. Butter. Fat.I am in love with this place. They hiccuped a few times on the meal, but fixed everything and then went an extra step and made it better. The service, from the super-happy-friendly-hostess to the bartender, to the server(s), was what took this from a good meal to a great experience. We waited over an hour for a table, which is par for the course for a Saturday night with no reservations, half of which we spent having drinks at Hatties, and the other half spent at the bar here having oysters and cocktails. We were seated, greeted, and made our way happily through the menu. The four of us ordered the mussels (good, but not amazing), the duck ham (super smokey on its own, but with a slice of the tart green apple it's served with: perfection. They should really serve one slice per piece of ham though. We were like 2 or 3 slices shy), and for dinner we worked our way through:the Cassoulet (beans, duck, pork belly, sausage) which was perfect;the Pork Chop au Poivre which was juicy and gorgeously prepared, but was a little bland next to the way over-salted sides. Not the Pork's fault here.the Chicken, which might have been the most juicy thing ever, and paired perfectly with the lentils. the Rib Eye, also a way-too-salty-dish, but the technique was spot on.Desserts: Chocolate Parfait, amazing. Beignets, ok. So, as you can see, I don't think the food was OH MY GOD I HAVE TO GET BACK HERE NOW amazing. However, the experience was really great. The food was good. The service went way beyond good. I really loved the whole evening, so we will be back.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,11/5/2013,239,706,,16,3>Believe it or not, I first learned about Afrah when I saw the name on one of those blue Department of Transportation signs that says what's at the next exit. A lot of times, they mention mundane chain restaurants, other times, it's gems like this one. A week or so after that "chance meeting", my friend and frequent lunch partner decided to check it out. We love Mediterranean buffets, so this is right up our alley. Coming in, the bakery items are immediately evident and look quite tasty. Beyond that,. a modest gelato freezer features some interesting flavors. But, we're here for the buffet. Looking down the line, it appears very small at first, but then you realize that the pans are long and narrow, so a lot is packed into a small space. Most of the typical favorites are here: hummus, baba ganouche, dolmas and so on. Of course, there is gyro meat (fresh off of the spit that's very evident in the semi-open kitchen), wonderful pita bread and tzaziki to make your own gyro. After loading our plates, we sat down and started digging in. Almost immediately, I discovered the baba ganouche; it's the best example of the dish I've ever tried. Smoky and intense in flavor, it also had a perfect texture, not too smooth, not too chunky. Moving on to my self-assembled gyro, the pita was soft yet sturdy enough to hold the ingredients without leaking or bursting. The meat had the perfect "chew" and the tzaziki was, well, as cool as a cucumber. I could go on, but the story is largely the same with everything we tried. All very tasty, and moisture and textures were especially good considering the buffet presentation. Topping it all off, the price is less than $11 when drinking water. I only found the "Diners, Drive-ins and Dives" mention on our way out, but after our lunch, the place deserves the accolades. Delicious!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2013,11/4/2013,136,202,3,12,6>Cemetria "hands of magic" gives the best massages, and she recently moved here.  I had been once before, and wasn't overly impressed with my therapist.  However, it's a really beautiful, relaxing space and it is HUGE!  I think this might be the nicest spa I've visited, and of course I'll come back to get the best massage in Dallas from Cemetria.  I hold so much tension in my back, neck, and shoulders.  She is the only one who can get it out.  After a massage with her, I can feel this energy buzzing in my body.  Hiatus is overly expensive unless you get a membership.  I will forgive them for that because I will follow Cemetria anywhere.  You get what you pay for.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2013,11/3/2013,62,77,,6,5>**Sign on the door says its temporarily closed, through the end of 2013***On my second visit, I realized I had to completely change my review.  So, here it goes: I like this place.   I really, really like this place.  I dig the premise on which it was founded:  stellar cocktails, reservations for a relaxed and intimiate experience and great service.  Smyth is for someone who can really, really appreciate a good cocktail. I asked for "something that tasted like thanksgiving".  He asked if I wanted a cream-based cocktail.  NO.  He asked if I like fruits and herbs. Yes.  Baking spices?  Yes.  Scotch?  Well, I'll try!  He came back with a roasted cinnamon and scotch cocktail that was out of this world.   My husband asked for a "spirit forward" cocktail and got what he deemed to be the best gin cocktail he's ever had. Get a reservation.  Take your time. And enjoy. Practical advice: Dress Business casual.  There's no food menu.  Buzz yourself in at the unmarked grey door.  Valet across the street - or Uber yourself a ride home.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,11/2/2013,52,285,4,11,5>I have dined at Zenna well over 100 times, and if the few reviews I've written about them say anything, it's that their quality of service seems to change almost as frequently as their management.But my experience there last night was unlike any other thanks to a server named Lyn who I had not seen before. Lyn does not belong at Zenna, she belongs at Abacus or The French Room. How Zenna scored a server like her is beyond me.Lyn was perfect. She came out promptly after we were seated to say hello: she was easy to understand and very upbeat. Everything she did gave the impression that the quality of our experience was important to her.She brought our drinks quickly. When taking orders she asked all the right questions to make sure everything came out just as we wanted it. When the lamb chops weren't out yet, she noticed it before we did and said she'd go check on them. She knew one person in our party did not like spicy, so when bringing the Tom Kha Soup (sharing size), she proudly proclaimed that this one would be "just the right spicy" for the spice-lovers, but not too much for the others. She was dead-on! She was always quick to refill drinks and clear plates we set aside.The icing on the cake, which I always appreciate, is that she put the pasta in a to-go box for us. I strongly dislike being left with boxes and bags to take care of myself, and her doing this for us table-side was nice. (I actually prefer this to taking it back in the kitchen because I can see it the whole time and know how it is laid out in the box (e.g. lots of liquid so don't turn sideways).Our order last night consisted of:Lamb Chops - Served with moderately bland mashed potatoes, but the meat was delicious and perfectly tender.Chilean Sea Bass - They did such a good job on this. Slightly crispy on the outside, hot enough to burn just a bit, but bursting with flavor.Tuna Tar Tar - Tasted fresh, came out fast, very good dish.Family-Size Tom Kha Soup w/ Chicken - Mildly spiced with the lightest kick, everyone enjoyed it. Heavy on the liquid-to-stuff ratio, I'd probably ask for extra mushrooms or more chicken next time.Retro Roll - Delicious and probably the best deal on their rolls. It's basically a Philadelphia roll topped with salmon and white tuna. They serve it with fresh jalopeno which you may not enjoy, but it's easy to take off.Tuna Roll - Hard to go wrong here.Hawaiian Pasta Chicken - I thought it was a little too saucy but the person who ordered it liked it. I guess I wasn't in a pineapple mood.Great food, great service, great prices. At least this time!
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,11/1/2013,182,136,3,6,6>Late night eats, cocktails and beers in Far North Plano?  Yup.  No kidding.Great spot to just sit back and knock down a few cold ones.The pizza is great - hand tossed but not cardboard like - woodfired works here.  They have a pretty extensive menu but do not expect more than just great pizza if you pop in after 11:30 PM.  No worries the pizza is great.The decor is passable, but oh well it's late and you are in the hinterlands of the DEE-EFF-DUB by the way.  It is an after work  landing spot of the various workers of the surrounding restaurants in Frisco and Plano.  So the vibe is definitely very chill.The service can be cold at the start but it warms up.  Very attentive even after wave after wave of thirsty, tired yet wired young'uns looking to decompress.So go here - and have slice and drink -- you will not be sorry.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2013,10/31/2013,255,323,19,10,9>My dog has become a grumpy little bastard in his old age and tried to bite the last groomer.  They basically kicked him to the curb and said we needed to drug him before we could bring him back in.  While we were at the vet getting homie some simmah down nah pills, our vet recommended The Velvet Snout (btw, how badass is THAT name?)I dropped off my shaggy ass, trazadone'd out dog in the morning and my wife picked up our freshly shorn and stylishly bandanna'd beast after work.He had some matted fur behind his ears that required shaving and they called first to make sure we were OK with that.  Two paws up...
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2013,10/30/2013,1812,527,6,15,12>Impressive, Love the vibe here and I can not wait to partake in the "Drag Brunch" they have to offer once a month.  My first experience here was a wine dinner last month and here is my replay of the night!  Dish launched it's first Wednesday Wine Series which was not only extraordinary yet eclectic as the title stated but Creative and daunting. Chef Garreth Dickey and Travis James our table side Sommlier did not just offer the causal approach, free of anxiety, they went the great distance to seduce us in the spirit of eating and drinking what we love "Food Comas"  Foie Gras Mousse, topped with crushed macadamias & Eal Sauce was served with Chateau d'Arlay Cotes Du Jura Vin de Paille (2003) This wine is a blend of Trousseau, Poulsard, Chardonnay, Savagnin, picked with any rot, dried for 4 months, pressed and fermented 3 years in casks.  Now it was something a "Wine Geek" would get into but most likely it's something a casual drinker would not take alone this Blend can surely be enjoyed with a food by its side. The one rule I like to follow is red wine red meat, a keen grasp of the obvious.  Dish made me reconsider this notion and step out of my comfort zone. So-called wine and culinary extraordinaires may stick there nose up at this.   Wenzel Gelber Muskateller 08 (the Austrian white wine) meet Umami Skirt Steak with Verjus Hedgehog Chanrerelles "The odd couple"  The steak was a pleasant savory taste, the umami was sweet, salty, sour and bitter induced  the salvation and sensation of deliciousness.  The wine offered hints of a sweet finish but cleaned up orderly and went down lively.  As the guest and I agreed this was one of the highlights of the evening mainly because of it's out of the box way of pairing.  At Dish they don't believe in this hoity- toity traditional (and oh so very boring) rule. Be adventurous Dish makes it easy.  The 2009 Oremus Furmint Tokaji Dry Mandolas (Hungary) nice and balanced complimented well with Soup which can be a hard pairing to deal with (liquid on liquid) not in this case Chef dazzled us with Duck Avgolemono. The soup base was a family of Mediterranean sauces, the duck packed in orzo breaking apart once the spoon hits it.  The creamy stew like dish added more depth to the pairing.  Pure richness coating the palate and warmness that complimented the nice crispiness of the chilled wineThe lamb Osso Buco  lets just say the heart of the dish was the bone shank with an oyster fork inserted surrounded by meat. The hollow portion was filled rich with bone marrow, quite the delicacy. They set down a knife, but you did not dirty it.  Accompanied with two pairings a nice Bodegas (Spain)  silky texture, high pitched red floral and fruitiness very precise and tangy.  We also sipped on Gonet-Medeville Champenois (France) Everyone was pleased (and wants to come back)  when they offered a theatrical bottle opening of Movia Puro. The sparkling wine goes through a fun ride before landing into our glasses.  Our lovely Sommelier used an interesting tool to disgorge the upside down  bottle properly into a vessel filled with water.  The bottle is properly stored upside down so the sediment has settled entirely in the neck. Dish currently has 4 bottles in stock (5 but I just made a reservation) I want to enjoy this action again.  So gather your friends, at Dish they have put together an upcoming list of fabulous food and wine parings. On a side note every wine sampled is available for purchase.
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,10/29/2013,387,387,27,17,9>Whoa...unexpectedly super awesome!Here I am, with my office door locked and pants unzipped quelling meat burps after eating a full portion of the chicken katsu and bbq chicken lunch combo ($5.99) and spam musubi. As much as my brain was screaming to my mouth throughout my binge: "STOP EATING! SAVE HALF FOR LATER!" my mouth was like "la la la i can't hear you nomnomnom". Folks, this is comfort (but junk) food you didn't even know you wanted until you have your first bite of the spam musubi or a scoop of the bbq chicken with rice and some bbq sauce. Next time you're out to get a quick lunch, skip the sandwich and texmex places and give this Hawaiian fast food place a try. It's delightfully simple--grilled or breaded meat and simple carbs--but it is surprisingly comforting and delicious. They offer three great sauces: the katsu sauce, bbq sauce, and sweet and sour sauce. All three are thin and have either a soy or tangy base, and all three go well with all the meats I had! The spam musubi was a delightful surprise, and very good (if you're into spam). If you want veggies, this is not the place for you. The only veggie on my plate was a bed of boiled cabbage that the meat sat on, but even that was a good accompaniment to the meal!They have very fast takeout service but also has a small dining room. Everything comes out in styrofoam to-go boxes even if you eat in (boo! you hate the environment) but it makes taking food to-go convenient. Don't forget to look at their whiteboard which features a handful of lunch specials for $5.99, which aren't found on their regular menu. It's a great deal! This place will definitely be on my lunch radar!
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,10/28/2013,275,233,8,9,12>Can't wait to attend (and hopefully help!) another YELP Helps event! I love this concept, and I think it's great that we're doing this to help give back to the community in any way we can.It was fun checking out the booths with the different community organizations, always an interest of mine. The food was awesome as always, the entertainment & DJ lively and fun, and the TapSnap photobooth was a blast to be silly with! I really enjoy visiting the The Quixotic World Theatre House venue since it's so quirky, and the burlesque entertainment was definitely... risque!.. Food Breakdown: Quesa-D-Yas - I've been wanting to try this place for a while now, so glad I had a chance to sample a bit. I really enjoyed the concept. It's fresh, it's healthy, it's cheesy, let's do it again!The Butcher's Son - I see this truck around Klyde Warren Park every time I'm there but just haven't had a chance to stop in-- but now that I have, I definitely will return. I tried the Southern Hospitality (Fried Chicken Strip) and loved it and the gravy. Took a bite of my friend's Mac-N-Beefy and was impressed. Cannot WAIT to try The Dead Elvis next time I see the truck (Nutelle, PB, Bacon!)KRAVE - I've seen these jerkies around stores before but happy I finally got a chance to try it today-- and all the flavors nonetheless! These were perfect and tasted fresh too. Krave even let me take a bag home (in return for "Liking" the Fanpage) and I'm sitting here munching on them as I write my review. [Wait.. where'd they go?? Oh shucks, ate them all! :]Rita's Italian Ice - I got to sample all the flavors and they were SO delicious! Even the sample cups were a good size for me. And HEY! I just looked and there's a location in Bedford near my house.. can't wait to be a frequent customer! :)Overall assessment, such a fun event, amazing execution, can't wait for the next!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,10/27/2013,234,122,3,5,5>I asked you to impress me, John Tesar, and you did! Beautifully decorated. White hot environment. The chandelier hanging over the bar was as sexy as the drinks being poured. I went on a Saturday evening  with one of my favorite gal pals and it was full of handsome couples enjoying date night. I opted for the tasting menu since it was my first visit. One item sticks out among all others, the soft shell crab. It was the best I've ever had. Beat any I'd ever prepared at home or had in New Orleans or coastal Maine. It was so amazingly delicious.  Everything was very good. You won't be disappointed with any items on the menu. Each were properly prepared and not over cooked. The portions were huge with the tasting menu and they even sent us home with a bag of breakfast goodies. Even though I was way too full at this point to continue, it was time for dessert. I had the white dessert which was very Thai influenced. When I dug into the gooey white goodness, I encountered a tangy mango surprise underneath. It was a great dessert. (However, the pre dessert of chocolate mousse caused my eyes to roll in the back of my head.) Service was great. Beautiful restrooms. I'll be back for more!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,10/26/2013,307,314,3,10,4>This was an impromptu visit for me. I had just left Mockingbird Station headed nowhere in particular when I saw the sign for the George W. Bush Presidential Library. I enjoy learning about history and current events so I knew that I would enjoy the library. I've never visited a presidential library before so I have nothing to compare. I enjoyed the displays of items from the period, which represented Bush's presidency as well as our American history. There's a large section dedicated to Sept 11th but there are also displays related to Hurricane Katrina, No Child Left Behind initiative, his time with the Texas Rangers, as well as his tenure as governor. There are beautiful displays of jewelry gifted to the President and First Lady as well as ball gowns worn during events. There's a replica of the oval office and lots of interesting quotes scattered throughout. Regardless of political affiliation any person living or visiting the DFW area should consider stopping in for a visit.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2013,10/25/2013,97,92,5,10,3>Driven past here 100 times, its in a shopping center right off Coit and the name never  made it cross my mind that they would have bomb ass burgers. Which thankfully oil found out when I saw they have Gyros and I was craving one and stopped in. Cute layout nothing fancy you pay upfront. The Gyro was pretty good and had the gyro Taste I was expecting. I stopped in again with a friend when she said her family always gets take out from here and she got me to try their mushroom burger... ..sooooo goooooood and big and greasy = perfect. I didn't get fries but she got them which were amazing the seasoning they use is great. Whenever I'm craving a burger this is my go to spot now. Can't believe it took me so long to they them.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,10/24/2013,107,57,7,17,8>A couple recommendations from Yelpers led me to this place and I'm so glad I came!  As soon as I walked in, I was greeted by Janna and she noticed it was my first time here, so she gave me a tour of the place including going over the parking situation.  Which, if you're new to the area, you should NOT park in the wrong place or you will get towed!  It's awesome that they care enough to tell you about it so you have no worries while you get pampered.  I love their process of multiple people working on you from your greeting to your shampoo to your blow-dry and finally the cut & style.  You almost feel like a VIP with your own style crew.  Everyone is so friendly there and I like how they work like a well-oiled machine. I had my appointment with Tasha and she did an amazing job.  She listened to everything I said I wanted and delivered.  End result was happy, healthy, voluminous hair! What more could you ask for?
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,10/23/2013,197,107,,9,3>This is a new movie theater that opened in April. I went here for the first time this past weekend with my family. It was nice and clean, and staff was very friendly. We watched our movie in the Grand Screen theater for $1.00 more. It's a larger screen with leather rocker chairs, stadium seating, and Dolby 7.1 surround sound. For a little more money, you can watch in their Marquee Suites located on the second floor in the balcony where there is a full bar and grille. They have extra wide leather recliners with an attached table tray. I like this set up better than Studio Movie Grill because you don't have to deal with any interruptions by servers throughout the movie if you don't want to eat and drink.  It's the best of both worlds...since I know I wouldn't go to Studio Movie Grill if I didn't want to eat!
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,10/22/2013,81,186,4,8,4>Oh my goodness, oh my goodness! I love it when Yelp doesn't steer me wrong. During a business meeting, we hit up Yelp for a quick look at what may have popped up outside of our usuals. We happily decided on Battuto after reading great reviews. This is a baby restaurant, still new and earning it's wings but man, I am pumped to a happy diner in that process.This place was STELLAR. You hear that? Stellar! The food, amazing. Service, amazing. DESSERTS! Amazing! The owner was incredibly sweet and accommodating, taking time to talk to all of the tables and ensuring everything was perfect. All of us were already planning our next visit on the way out the door!
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2013,10/21/2013,45,178,2,10,3>It's here, it's here!  As huge fans of Mr. Mesero (and Mico's restaurants in general), we've been anxiously awaiting Mesero Miguel's opening and were pumped to test it out on opening night.  The atmosphere is elegant and classy, and the menu has an upscale twist on classic favorites like the Carne Asada - which was excellent.  It was great to see some of our favorite Mr. Mesero waitresses and waiters all fancied up in the new "big brother" location.  The service at Mico's restaurants never disappoints, as well as the prices.  For the quality of the food, the prices can't be beat.  The bar upstairs also had a great vibe.  We can't wait to go back!  Note the valet stand is between Mesero Miguel and Fireside Pies.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,10/20/2013,193,459,1,14,9>This place is a nice alternative to Boiling Crab. They're located in the food court next to the Supermarket and nestled in-between other Asian food vendors. The food court itself is fairly clean and even on a busy Saturday night there were plenty of tables to sit. Tasty Tails offers your crawfish, crabs, and the other usual suspect side items. Prices are fair but not much cheaper than other Cajun-seafood restaurants. However, since it's a food court, BYOB. We ordered crawfish and a few sides to test out the "spicy" flavor and it turned out pretty good. Crawfish had decent size and the seasoning was on point. The guys working the counter were real nice and even offered bibs and gloves (we usually bring our own). It's tough to beat BC because their whole sha-bang -XXX flavor is still my favorite. But this place wins major points because of accessibility. I don't have fight the crowds and wait in line outside the door prior to opening to get a table. Just walk up and order. I don't have to spend the equivalent of a steak dinner just to eat crawfish. While not entirely cheaper, the BYOB aspect saves me some dough. In summary, this might not be my first choice for crawfish; but I might choose these guys simply because it's easier.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,10/19/2013,311,187,8,10,7>Love this place. I usually go on a Sunday and it's not too packed. The pools aren't very big for how big this place is, but that's fine with me. I like how the pools have built-in massages which help relax my muscles (if there's any). There aren't as many saunas as King Spa but that's OK, since I spent most of my time at the pool anyways. The food is decent, although I think King Spa food is slightly better. This place is really nice, modern, big, and clean. It makes me feel like I'm on a mini vacation at some resort. Just a nice place to get away for a few hours. Another good thing is that I can fit in their uniforms. Thanks for having uniforms for small people (uniforms are too big at King Spa). It is more expensive than King Spa, but I think it's worth it. Admissions: ~$35/ticketFood: Around $10/dishDrinks: $12 for cocktailsFace Mask: $2Espresso shot (Starbucks): $0.60Relax/Detox/Quality time with friends: Priceless Love it and I can't wait to go back for more...POOL!!!
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,10/18/2013,608,438,13,17,14>We've been playing catch up in Dallas when it comes to food trucks.  In the past few years we've made some ground, but there has been one glaring omission to the food truck scene.  That is, until now.  I can't begin to say how happy I am that a mobile boba joint is finally making its way around town.  I live in Lewisville so I would usually have to drive 30 minutes East or South in order to get a legitimate cup of boba.  Sure, there are other places that are closer, but why waste my time and money?  I've visited Bobaddiciton at Vitruvian Park a couple of times and that has cut my driving in half.  I gotta say, the flavors they serve are top notch!  My favorite flavors are Taro Milk Tea, Vietnamese Coffee and the Classic Milk Tea.  For the most part, the drinks here are well balanced and I haven't had one that was overly sweet, one problem that almost every place serving boba tends to commit.  I'm originally from Hong Kong and I haven't had a milk tea drink that has reminded me so much of home like how these drinks have.  I even like their Honeydew variety and I Hate (with a capital H) honeydew.  All their drinks are amazing!Oh, I can't forget the boba.  Before Bobaddiction, Fat Straws had the best of these chewy balls (teehee) in Dallas.  After trying Bobaddiction's drinks, I think that they have matched Fat Straws in consistency, quality and taste.  The boba is subtly sweet and very soft, but not mushy by any means.  They've done their homework and it shows in the awesomeness that is their balls.I was able to talk to all three of the guys running the truck and they are great fellas.  They are passionate in their craft and are eager to talk to their customers when they find time between the waves of customers, anyway.  Great people making superb drinks.  Doesn't get any better than that.  Keep up the good work!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2013,10/17/2013,3760,1373,11,11,8>I was here when this space was a wine bar. I was here when this place was a burger Place. So it made since that I sampled the new rotating business. Lunch was packed and noisy with crammed seating and I had just gotten a massage.  I really was not dressed for Tei An and I didn't wanna spend a lot of money so The Greek won out. I ponyed up to the bar even tho I wasn't feeling social.  I asked the gorgeous dreamy bartender what he recommended and he gave me 4 sound choices in an even professional delivery.   I chose the gyro.  It was yum and under $10.  The fries, which are really better for sharing were also really good.  The baby octopus was calling my name from the blackboard specials but I decided to save that for later. The Greek is solid with good food, efficient staff and a nicely dressed business crowd all with an affordable price in the One Arts Plaza.   Think elevated Greek diner with a little NYC fever. I hope they endure cause that gyro rockedand I want to get lost in that bartenders eyes again omg.
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,10/16/2013,569,258,14,12,14>This is a great place to grab a beer and do some serious people watching.  I know they often have a DJ playing a variety of hip hop tunes so the Hp & Up folks can get their groove on in the safety of their own hood.  I'm not sure I've been in one place where so many people could not dance.  The good thing is they have revolver brew on tap and the drinks are pretty solid.  The second room is a little less crowded and has a pool table and people trying to dance on chairs or tables.  I walked away the last few times thinking I really need more pastel colored golf shirts and a really cool belt so I can assimilate with the crowd.  Good times and cold beer don't let the bad dancing fool you get there asap.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2013,10/15/2013,895,667,6,18,13>I don't really know much about craft beer, or what even makes it different than imported or domestic beer, and I'm not even sure I like it that much.  I probably just need to learn more, and learn what I like and don't like.Any who...  That did not stop me from enjoying this place.  First off, props for playing Reverend Horton Heat overhead.  Secondly, we need more places in this area.  The Expo area used to be badass, and it needs to be revived.  Tres (that's three in Spanish) I love that this place supports the local eateries.  I swear I heard that Meridian Room or Pizza Lounge delivers, but if I heard that wrong I know you can bring their food in.I came in yesterday tired, so I ordered a flight of beer just based on the names of the beers.  I love the set up.  $10.  You get four beers and a paddle like thing where you write the numbers of the beer you want, and then the bartenders pour them for you.  Easy peasy.They sell growlers obviously in a lot of different sizes, and even home brewing kits.  Very cool.I will be back!  PS - try the Abita Root Beer.  Omg - so good.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2013,10/14/2013,68,224,7,7,9>Let me start out my 100th review by saying that I do not give a shit about the drink prices. I'm not going to talk about whether or not they charge for water, how much a mixed drink is, or anything like that.  Yes, I enjoy the cheap PBR tall boys and Lone Stars and the prompt service I've always come to expect, but this is a review of a music venue.Trees is a borderline landmark music venue in the Dallas and Deep Ellum music scene.  The smoking patio, for instance, is the same place that Kurt Cobain got the shit kicked out of him by a bouncer in the middle of an infamous Nirvana set there.  Outside of the few years when Deep Ellum and Trees died, some of my favorite shows have been here.First off, just know that if you're showing up at punk time, you'll be in line for a few minutes.  That's to be expected at most venues, but here especially because there will be one person checking IDs and one person taking cover.  But after that, the only line you'll have to worry about is for the bathroom. The wait at the bar is less than 5 minutes on average.The stage and floor are fantastic here. Though they've gotten into the habit of using the curtain lately, the open stage and floor (save for the one pillar) is ideal for a punk or rock show.  The pits here can be legendary.  And all for $20 or less with no service fees? Sold.If a band you like puts Trees on their tour schedule, go.
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,10/13/2013,307,595,4,6,6>My company had a suite here and being that I had never been to a horse track, I HAD to come and I'm so glad that I did. No one I work with is a serious gambler so we all had the same strategy: pick whatever horse sounds like it'd be a winner! My bf was a bit more crafty and decided to go with the race favorites and with a few hints from our bartender, we made $5 but at least we didn't lose any. The doors opened at 5pm and I think the last race was scheduled for 10:30pm. The night that we went was a little muggy, cloudy/rainy so a lot of horses were taken out of that scheduled race, unpredictable horses = better chance of winning money. It was tons of fun. I'd like to go back one day :-)
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,10/12/2013,140,199,4,10,3>I was happy at my other eyebrow place but hated going there because the Indian woman who normally threads my brows was ALWAYS so critical.  And it always made me feel so embarrassed.  Yes lady, I know that my eyebrows need work!  Why do you think I get them done by someone who knows what they're doing?!  Honestly, I had enough of her criticism.  So for a month I plucked my eyebrows myself but they were really starting to look like sideburns so I finally decided that 1) I had to go back to that place or 2) I should really start looking for a new place.  I opted for the latter.I wanted something nearby and cheap, both of which that other place weren't ($23 isn't cheap for a student; that's two weeks worth of food I'll have you know).  My Yelp search brought me to Everest and after reading the 5-star reviews (at the time of this review, all of them are 5-stars), I decided to throw a Hail Mary because what the hell, my confidence was in ruins anyway. There was a short line and one customer in the chair already being worked on.  Despite there only being one esthetician, I did not wait very long but she apologized anyway for me having to wait and thanked me for being patient.I sat down in her chair and looked around while she cashed the other lady out. The place looked clean and organized. Finally, the esthetician came back into the room and apologized for me having to wait again and then she went to work.After a month of just plucking my eyebrows and not threading, I felt like this lady was trying to rip my face off! Not her fault; I just wasn't used to the pain like I had been before. She spent a lot of time on my left brow (my right brow is slightly more arched) to make it look a lot more like the right, which is what I wanted.  And that surprised me because I didn't even verbally tell her that!  But to be honest, when she handed me the mirror, I expected to have lost most, if not all, of my left eyebrow but to my relief not only was it still there but she fixed it to make it look like my right eyebrow!  Needless to say, I was pleased with her and her work.  She also talked me into getting my upper lip done and I usually pass on that because, like a cat being forced to bathe, I will claw the shit out of you and then somehow I will wind up on the ceiling clutching for dear life. Fortunately for her, it did not go like that this time.  She was as gentle as she could get and she even stopped once in a while to let me scream.  We got through it.I ended up paying $13 for both my eyebrows and upper lip. I added some more for her tip and I STILL paid less than the other place.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,10/11/2013,121,152,3,12,5>I'm so glad we finally tried MoMo; we will definitely be back!  It's best to call ahead for a table because the space is small and very popular with the locals.  It's BYOB with a $4 corking fee.Inside, the space is surprisingly more tasteful and contemporary than we expected given the strip mall location.  We were served warm, fresh baked rosemary focaccia with a fresh herb spread within minutes of sitting down.We started our meal with the Insalata alla MoMo ($10.95) which was a great summer salad with butter lettuce, lobster meat, capers, and a light lemon olive oil dressing.  We split the parmigana prosciutto pizza ($12.95) and a pasta with shrimp and smoked salmon ($19.50); this was more than enough for two of us.  Both were great and we were especially impressed to discover the pasta was made in-house.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2013,10/10/2013,124,89,6,7,6>I went for tacos but I found a fiesta!  My neighbor and I drove into one of the most crowded gas stations I've been to (second to Buc-ee's).  We were greeted by loud music, as if we were about to step into a club... but it was just the line to order tacos!  Cheap tacos available 24/7??  Awesome.  There are 5 tacos available.  I followed the recommendations of other yelpers and tried the picadillo--very tasty!  No surprise that it's one of the favorites.  The pastor and barbacoa were also good.  The chicken fajita wasn't as impressive, but you can't really go wrong with these tacos.  While waiting for our order, we walked 10 paces over and got a cup of corn, which was delicious!!  Note: Cash only.  There's nowhere to sit, but you can always buy your tacos and eat them while you go through the car wash.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,10/9/2013,156,285,5,13,8>Long story short: VERY enjoyable and highly recommended.Long story long:We decided on a Thursday night at 6:50 pm to try out Lark on the Park; we were 10 minutes away and they said "Come on in", so off we went. Seamless valet service (no charge other than a tip if you are eating at the Lark), followed by immediate seating.Noisy, but not uncomfortably so. A wall of craft beer options (yum!) and very good mixed drinks. The wine list also looked better than average. I went with the special of the night: grilled salmon with capers, roast fingerling potatoes, roast pearl onions and greens. Delicious!Gal pal had the Summer Vegetables (cut tomatoes, peppers, cucumber, radish, baby kalamata olives and ricotta salata) and roasted fingerling potatoes (included roast pearl onions and covered in a light herb butter sauce). Also delicious!Would have loved to try the desserts, but we were pleasantly stuffed and chose to head to the Soda Bar on the rooftop of the NYLO to watch the sun set behind the cityscape instead.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,10/8/2013,325,161,16,16,17>Bridging the gapDallas has long had an abandoned downtown, but that is slowly starting to change. Ever since that November in 63', Dallas has been figuring out how to bring people to Downtown for more than just the 9-5 workday. Luckily, City Hall is investing in some long needed people spaces in downtown, the crowning achievement is Klyde Warren Park. The tight belt of I45, I35, I30 and Woodall Rodgers separated Downtown from the rest of the city like a moat. The deck park has filled in the moat and created welcoming front door to downtown.There is something there for everyone. Kids have a wonderful playground complete with a lookout tower treehouse. The playground was designed with safety and security in mind. Police cameras, a singular point of entry and an enclosed restroom give parents piece of mind while their kids enjoy the day. The foodies will love the upscale food trucks that routinely service the park. The music lovers can enjoy all the concerts on the main stage. Dog lovers have a great spot to show off their pooch or let them loose in the enclosed dog park. Scores of tables and chairs sprinkle the park. Round it off with the lending library and games center, it's hard to not find something to enjoy.Activities aside, the park's aesthetic qualities make it. A big soft lawn, water features, the winding gravel trails and the arch lighted walkways give texture. Even though you are in the middle of the city and the small trees are still growing into adulthood you don't feel like you are out in the open. The beautiful skyscrapers of Dallas surround you, like a canyon, making it an intimate space. A place where lovers can take a quiet stroll, hand in hand.Dallas has put out the welcome mat.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,10/7/2013,203,237,3,9,8>I had to battle an insane deluge to make down, but I'm glad I did.  Palomino's were great hosts and the manager, Derville, made sure we were well taken care of.  The atmosphere was very classy and much nicer than I had expected while still being cozy and unpretentious.  Definitely suitable for date night.  The bites were plentiful and everything was delicious but my favorites were the crab dip, bruschetta, and curried chickpea fritters!  And I cannot forget to mention the great red wine.The scavenger hunt bingo was a fun idea and I met quite a few new people.  Another great event!  Thanks to Heli and all Yelp staff for organizing!  Forgot my camera this time so no pics.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2013,10/6/2013,437,240,7,7,9>Sometimes you go places because your friends are going. I headed to Twin Peaks with fellow Yelpers for their grand opening. The servers were all super friendly and outgoing. The space is super big, and there  are two bars!We ordered several appetizers including wings, fried pickles, fried mozzarella sticks, and the pulled pork nachos. It was all really good for bar food.The best part was that 4 people in our group took part in the "shotski". It involves 4 shots on a ski for $12.95! Men live this place due to the uniforms, but ladies, don't shy away. Be secure with yourselves and go. This location is fun!g
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,10/5/2013,177,158,9,36,11>Leave your modesty at the crazy giraffe gates!I got the groupon to King Spa and now I'm hunting through all those website for more so I can go again and again and again. Hell...I'll even pay full price ($30 for a whole 24 hours) if I have toI have been to bath houses like this in Hot Springs, Budapest and Japan but never have a been to one so big and...dare I say it...Gaudy!!! Of course everything in Texas is bigger, so why not the Korean style Spa too!Im going to lead you though the King Spa experience in this review so you know exactly what to expect going in as there were a whole lot of startled looking, groupon wielding folks wandering around on my visit"What do you mean i HAVE to get naked?""I brought my swimsuit"So here we go. On entering they give you a cool armband with your locker key (part of the price) and a bad ass cool chip that reads when you buy anything there (food massage, scrubs, lotions for the shower, food from the food court, drinks) so you can just pay on checking out...great idea #1Then its through to the locker rooms where those who are not used to places such as this end up looking like a deer in headlights...Lots fully naked women ( men have their own room) wandering around. So the locker room has the lockers, a stall for buying face masks, socks,etc and mirrors complete with hairdryers, hair gel and body lotion. Great idea #2From here you either get naked too and go through the glass double doors to the "wet area" or you don the provided orange outfit and backtrack back to the communal areas.Ill start with the Glass doors as this is the most unusual for the average American and I think knowing what to expect helps. The wet area is a giant room (women only) with multiple hot tubs, a cold plunge pool, jetted spa and steam room.Before you get in any spa you must shower and there are showers all round the room. Most the the americans head to the stand up variety (soap is provided) and you just cannot help the eyes going a bit wider at the sit down showers as The women here are sat in all manner of style (not all demure!) scrubbing away.When you are in the hot tubs you can see all the showers as they are against the wall but in the open so its hard not to take a few peeks at all the different bodies around you....and on my visit there was absolutely ALL kinds of women! Because I'm not from USA I am more used to seeing women of all sizes baring all..I think its a good thing and almost wish it was communal just for that reason...almost!!!!Anyway...I digressYou can spend as long as you want in this area as part of your entry fee. Along one wall are the scrubbing beds. Partially hidden by a Simpsons glass divider here you can pay ($70-$95) for body scrubs. I didn't partake but will next timeAfter the wet room (or if you chose to not get naked) you put on the provided outfit and go back to the main room. Now you are in mixed company (orange suits for women, grey for men) and from here there are options...option...options.You can pay extra for massage, acupressure or half baths here. Otherwise there are plenty of other choicesThe fire sudatorium, pyramid room, salt room, the bul ga ma room, charcoal room, base rock room, oxygen room, crystal room, aroma room, Pine salt room, infrared room....all saunas of some type or other with different levels of heat (The fire Sudatorium was super hot) and differnet healing properties.There is also an ice room(not real ice just chilly Ac and painted pics of snow)These rooms are all along the edge and down corridors...so fun trying them all. In the middle is a GIANT TV screen playing sports with tons reclining seats, a food court area (mainly korean but some pizza options) and also a movie watching room (showed G.I joe and Benjamin button during my visit)Ok....this is a very detailed review just because when I told friends Id been, everyone was just uber curious about these details, so I hope this helps and you will go in with an open mind and enjoy the experience. The staff are wonderful and as it was my first time there, they were really helpful. Everyone there is open to helping you out and giving you good tips though, so you will have a blast...just relax and enjoy
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2013,10/4/2013,549,363,15,14,12>Is there anything more yummily nummy naughty than a hot dog? A big ass juicy weenie, carefully cooked and placed lovingly in a bun? I absolutely adore hot dogs. I like them plain, with mustard, with mustard and chili, with cheese, with crunchy fritos on top, with sauerkraut and thousand island and cheese... basically anything BUT ketchup, relish, pickles (you know, those weird ass yankee dogs)... and wooo damn does Jerry's make a damn good dog -- and he has all of my hot dog cravings covered.People have complained (ahem, my father, ahem) about the price of Jerry and his dogs. Dude. It's a big ass hot dog. You only need one. And it's fire roasted! And you can choose from a variety of types of weenies! And the topping options! Really, quitcherbitchin'. It's gourmet dog. It's not a footlong cheese coney from Sonic (not that there's anything wrong with those 12 inch grey weenies, just sayin'.). Oh, and to go with your Dog? They have great sides. The french fries are very good. The onion rings are even better. I'm hungry. Jerry, I'm a comin' fer ya.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,10/3/2013,329,530,3,6,7>I don't know what people expect from airport food but it is great for AIRPORT FOOD. The portions are huge and everything we had was fresh. My husband had the turkey BLT on ciabatta bread with potatoes...it was yummers. I had a veggie quesadilla and side salad...the quesadilla had no flavor but the side III Forks salad was amazing..shoulda just had that as my meal. All in all...it filled the bill (literally) and we went on our flight full.
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,10/2/2013,159,174,6,7,4>I was introduced to this gem recently and I'm glad for it. As dive bars go, this bar has it in spades. We joked and drank with an elderly man who must've been around 85 years old and is most certainly a regular. We were drinking PBRs and enjoying some horse racing. Nothing like getting daytime drunk with a senior citizen!The bartenders were extremely friendly and gave back as much flack as we gave them. The food was also on point. My friends had the thin crust pizza and I had the Italian sausage myself. Definitely a great establishment to add to my rotation list of bars.
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/1/2013,217,155,15,10,4>I'm sorry to all the staff members of Vietnam that they have seen me drunk or hungover so many times in the past ...7 or so years I've been going here.But I keep coming back, b/c this place feels like home. it's low key. I don't have to necessarily brush my hair or take off my sunglasses if I don't want to. I may have ordered delivery from this place in the AM and gone back in later for dinner and only gotten minor judgment from the very nice delivery gal. And still, Pho is the ever-benevolent, warm & welcoming friend.Pho here is great. I like the Pho Tai Chin Bo Vien (rare beef, well done brisket, meatballs). You can also have beer with your pho, which is awesome. Eggrolls are perfectly crispy w/out being greasy. Wonton soup is served with tons of veggies if you need something different. All in all, this place is in VERY regular rotation for quality food, friendly peeps, great location for downtowners.Oh, and the lunch buffett is great too. Very homestyle VN food like caramalized pork, papaya salad, sweet & sour soup.Also, remember, they will deliver pho to your hung over ass!!! Genius.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2013,9/30/2013,141,325,4,15,6>I can't believe I haven't reviewed AMC Grapevine Mills yet.  I'm currently the "duke" of this establishment, so I'd better get on it.Dallasites, we're super lucky to have this place.  There's not many of them in the country, and we're lucky to be an "early adopter" market.Remember how awesome the Studio Movie Grill was when you first found it?  Yeah--this place puts it to SHAME.First off, it's expensive, but it's totally worth it.  Be sure to invest in an AMC Rewards Card.  It's worth every penny.  For two people, the card will pay for itself in about 2 trips to the movies and the dine-in theater.  For every $100 you spend on tickets and food, you'll get $10.00 free.  Oh--and buying tickets online on Fandango and getting to pick your seat in the theater?  Yeah---all service charge fees are waived if you're an AMC Stubs member as well.  Totally.  Worth.  It.When booking tickets here (which can be done on Fandango.com), you'll have a choice--go with the standard movie experience (general seating in a theater), select a seat for their "Fork and Screen" experience, or go with the "Cinema Suites".  Fork and screen will give you a nice cushy chair with a built in arm-rest desk where you can eat your food and drink.  The fork and screen experience is superior to the Studio Movie Grill alone.  (No crummy desk chairs here.)Ahh, but the real gem is the Cinema Suites.  In these, you get a fully-reclining electric "lay-z-boy" style recliner with cushy pillows.  Don't like the movie?  Stuff yourself and go to sleep.  These chairs are super comfortable, though depending on what row you pick, the bottom of the screen may get cut off.  (My favorite row is C--my least favorite row is the back row.  I haven't sat up front yet.)  It's a couple of bucks more per ticket than the fork and screen option, but I think it's worth the difference.  (Matinee shows are (of course) cheaper for both options.The food is excellent, and is generally way better than the Studio Movie Grill.  I like SMG's pizza and chicken tenders a bit more for the money, but there's so many better options here:-Appetizers - The breadsticks are good (I like the pretzel roll ones), the queso is pretty good also, and the potato skins are very good as well.  (You could make a meal out of them alone.)  The Crab Rangoon dip is my favorite.  Note that it's not your standard Crab Rangoon.  (Skip the Parmesan Fries as an app--just pay a buck or two extra to get it with most meals.)-Pizzini - These are sandwiches on flatbread with dipping sauce and some kind of a fried dipper.  The Sicillian and Chipolte Chicken and Bacon are AWESOME.-Pasta - The bistro chicken mac and cheese is one of our favorites.  My wife usually gets either that or the Chicken Alfredo.-Chicken Tenders are good, though nothing super special.  -If you want Pizza, the Pizzettas are kind of on the expensive side, have a thinner crust than the SMG pizzas, but won't fill you up too bad.  I like the Pepperoni one with the Garlic basil aioli sauce (which you'll have to ask for.)-They have Coke zero.  Awesome.-I'd skip the burgers.  I think they only prepare them medium well, and I don't like this.  (If you like meat cooked medium well, this is probably a great option.)-Prime Rib Griller - Okay, for something different.  Not my favorite, but not bad.They also have a bar, MacGuffin's (which is a clever Hitchcock reference, to you film buffs out there.)  I don't generally go there, though it looks nice.The only negative thing I can say about this theater is that their dine-in experience will SPOIL you for anything else.  Especially the cinema suites.  (Seriously, my wife and I won't even consider going to the movies any other way anymore.)Overall, it's a great experience, and they'll have me coming back so long as they keep the dine in experiences that they have and improve upon them.  Also, the loyalty program has certainly been encouraging as well.  Just try it...  despite the cost, you'll be glad you did.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2013,9/29/2013,187,236,18,7,7>Apparently Cane Rosso has a secret menu. And the only item I know on the secret menu is the Honey Badger.The Honey Badger doesn't give a shit if you wrinkle your nose at it and say "that sounds like it would taste weird," when you find out it's a pizza with mozzarella, basil, prosciutto, and a habanero-honey glaze. It throws you some attitude and says, "What, are you a food critic? No? Then shut up and just try me."I'm sorry, Honey Badger pizza. I was wrong to judge you. You were so good that I used your crust to try and sop up some of the glaze that ran onto the pan. I will never doubt you again.
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,9/28/2013,166,188,2,4,4>Having just moved to Dallas permanently, boo and I decided to go on one more lavish date night to splurge on a delicious meal before we buckle down and start eating out (a BIT) less. This was our choice and we could NOT have been happier!We didn't do valet (which would've been a rip off because they just park you into Ascension Coffee's parking spots...), and when we first arrived we were dismayed to hear that it would be a 45 minute wait... that is until our hostess offered the outside patio area and we said OF COURSE. It was shaded, had misters, and we were going to be having cold drinks anyway! We were seated right away :) We got three plates: The "Tandoori" Lamb Skewers, The Pig and Fig, and the Asparagus. The lamb was juicy and wonderously flavorful, and the yogurt dipping sauce was refreshing. Wasn't as "indian spiced" as I was expecting, but it was still yummy. The Pig and Fig was a pork belly, fig, and blue cheese grits plate that was both savory and sweet, with the tartness of the fig and blue cheese coming together like an explosion over the pork belly. It was divine (and purple, so plus one for unique presentation!). The asparagus might seem boring, but it had leaves of oregano and this lemony beurre blanc sauce that was amazing. I'd eat it again! For dessert we got the Nutella Bread Pudding, which was warm but SO amazing with the delicious slabs of bread pudding drizzled with nutella sauce and a vanilla bean whipped cream right next to it. It was great! :) We also tried between the two of us the Moscow Mule (vodka, ginger beer, lime juice), the Pear Ginger Smash (fruits, ginger, bourbon, ginger ale), and some Black Ale that boo-bear seemed to love (it was a bit TOO dark for me). We left feeling satisfied that we had FINALLY tried it - the food was great, the place was vaguely welcoming, and we would love to come back to try more beer and cocktails.
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,9/27/2013,462,279,15,16,10>Holy happy hour, Batman!  Sunset Lounge just shot to the top of my happy hour list with their $3 damn-near-the-whole-menu happy hour from 5-7.  And the best part?  They have happy hour every day!  Every.  Day.  Saweet!You'd never know from the unassuming exterior what a cool little bar Sunset is on the inside.  You walk into a patio that appears to be weather specific - open to the elements on a good day with louvered windows and closed to the Texas heat on a scorching day (at least this is my hope) - with its own bar and enough tables to hold a good sized group.  The main room is just big enough to fill up with people when needed and small enough to not feel empty when only a few people are in it.Our bartender, Leslie, was fanfuckingtastic.  She really knows her shit, yo.  She and LeighP were talking caipraniahs and thank Skippy I said "ditto" on whatever the hell Leigh talked her into making cuz that shit was good.  I just need to make sure I hook the two of them up again next time for a repeat performance.The food menu mostly consists of appetizer-sized items, which works out well when you want to try several of them at once.  My favorite was the fish taco (so, so good) but the pork taco was pretty damned good as well.  We also tried the guacamole (made fresh to order and very tasty) and plantain chips (if you like fried plantains, you'll dig these).  We ordered 5 food items (6 actually but one was free with a check-in - yay!) and 6 drinks and our bill was $36.  Seriously.Sunset is totally worth visiting when prices are at full mast and the hipsters are in full force but I'll stick with those magic hours when I can walk out stuffed as a goose and slightly liquored up for $17.  You had me at hello, Sunset.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,9/26/2013,491,214,9,15,14>Slather on the sunscreen to protect from all UVs but this one!I came here with a friend after a 12 mile walk. That being said, our tummies were orchestrating a 21st century symphony filled with what sounded like angry percussionists. I was surprised Saturday of Memorial weekend was their second day in business since the service, drinks, and food were on point from late afternoon to early evening...despite the ominous black clouds & heavy rain.THE LAYOUT/DECOR:This small, yet comfy, wine bistro & cafe is located in a most unassuming locale below an apartment complex off Garland Rd. UV has happily replaced what was once Cafe Lago (known as Cafe NoGo to many).   When you walk up to UV, you are immediately greeted by a dog-friendly patio filled with comfy dark wicker furniture of various coordinated sizes and configurations, colorful shade umbrellas, a decorative fountain surrounded by corks of past imbibing, and a welcoming large outdoor fire place - sure to toast your chilly bones by during cooler months. The interior is the patio's chic older sister - revving it up with cool and sexy decor. You are immediately faced with a sleek long bar and espresso colored chairs as you step upon lovely large-tiled floors. The owners decided to mix things up inside as they did out - providing various seating configurations ranging from a long 8-top dinner table with a pillow adorned bench to an intimate nook of two lovely cushiony armless chairs with a small table nestled between the two. Alongside bright art, bottles and bottles of wine line the walls - enough to bring out your gluttonous side.  Go ahead, buy some for the house!  YOU CAN DO THAT HERE!THE OFFERINGS:No, you will not be sacrificing anything unless you consider becoming a regular here a sacrifice of your time. The food menu is limited, but don't take that as a complaint.  A small selection of their nibbles include, hummus with pita and salmon crustinis.  We tried the flaky salmon crostinis layered with marscapone.  I'd hands down recommend them.  The two-handed paninis have specialty ingredients such as goat cheese, fig preserves, kalamata tapenade, braised chicken, prosciutto, etc.  I tried the braised chicken with drunken goat cheese and all I can say is, life will never be the same.  It's not all bread!  They have a few salads, none of which I tried.  If you'd rather not have a meal, go for one of their healthy portioned meat and cheese boards of your choice - two meats and two cheeses or three of each along with two of their sides, stone ground mustard, crackers, large walnut pieces, and grapes.  Yes, my friend and I gorged ourselves on this AFTER our early dinner.  Ask about the specialty dark and milk chocolates.  They are small delectable bites of heaven!The wines can be ordered from the menu, by the glass or bottle.  Your other option is to get off your tuckus and peruse those wine lined walls I mentioned.  If you need some help, just ask your server.  They are absolute dolls!  I can recommend bottles, I mean one bottle, of Cava. ;-)  Bringing someone who's not a wine fan?  Ask about their great beer selection. SERVICE:Service was impeccable...simply top-notch from owner to waitstaff.  When Mother Nature chased us inside from the patio with a heavy down pour, the staff was eager to help us relocate.  When we needed to move from a larger table to that cozy nook, staff once again took care of us.  Our Cava?  Well, it was kept chill and flowing.  Hats off to you all!Raise a glass and enjoy.  Cheers!
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2013,9/25/2013,2651,100,29,44,36>**Take out alert!**  This review is only on a take-out meal.Short version:  The Cotton Patch Cafe has a terrific blackened tilapia to go with steamed broccoli....  Loved it!My version:  The Cotton Patch Café is located in Lewisville on 3040 just west of highway 35.  Nice little place.Yesterday one of my friends who eats pretty healthy came back from here with a take-out order for blackened tilapia with steamed broccoli and she said it was wonderful.  Well after hearing that I bookmarked on my Yelp app.I called them using the phone number that the Yelp app had provided me.  The young lady took my order over the phone, told me that it would be ready in eight minutes.  Jumped in my car, when I arrived, the hosts greeted at the door, showed me to the bar for the "to go" meals.  I opened the container just to verify the order.  I had to take a quick picture it looked great.  The tilapia smelled incredible and the broccoli had a great look to it.  I raced back to my office for a little work and lunch.  It was terrific, the blackened tilapia had just the right amount of spices, not overly spiced and just melted in my mouth.  Nice job chef!  The steamed broccoli was wonderful also.  They even remembered to through in some lemon wedges which I had asked for.  When I called in the order, I asked to get it served as healthy as possible and they nailed it, and with great taste.Great job Cotton Patch Café!  I will be back!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,9/24/2013,541,525,4,7,3>Lets all pray to the lard g-ds and greeeezy establishments for El Jordan has become my lord and savior.  Praises cheeses.  *amen*To be honest, I didn't even know this place was here until I accidentally walked in one day.  Don't ask where I intended on going cause I don't remember.  But I do remember that waft of a delicious smell that filled my whole body.  Be prepared to just stand there, cause there ain't no waiting area nor is there a hostess. Just lots of people running around, cleaning tables and of course...eating. A waitress saw me and said "sit wherever"...so uh, I did.  Sat in a measly, old and ripped booth.  It was heaven.  A sweet man brought over warm chips and delicious salsa.  I mean real delicious.  A few minutes later the waitress dropped off (in a hurry) a huge booklet for the menu.  A reason I LOVE this menu is because it was definitely created and printed with Clip Art pictures of steamy mounds of food.  Who remembers the joy of Clip Art and printing from your inkjet printer?  Then putting them in sheet covers to protect them fo'eva and eva! Holla! I ordered the huevos con papas.  Mmmm, scrambled eggs mixed with roasted potatoes and a side of refried beans.  Comes with tortillas.  Good lawd!!! Delicious HUGE chunks of potato and loved that I was able to make my own little tacos. MP usually gets the burrito with eggs, jalapenos and onions.  Eats it all.  The overall menu is a typical divey Mexican joint.  Burritos, tacos, enchiladas and soup.  I've never had to soup here, but I notice that a lot of people order it, looks delicious.  Oh and they also have chicken fingers and mac and cheese for the kiddos.  Always a great crowd, both families and couples!   Prices are super cheap, our meal was $11 - including tip.  The service isn't THAT great (I waited almost 10 minutes for my check), but this isn't a place you go to for the ambiance.  It's a place you go to put food in yo belly!Delicious and nutritious.  I'm guessing....
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,9/23/2013,62,131,4,7,4>I don't usually take the time to write such extensive reviews, but this place earned it! My husband and I absolutely loved it!We were kindly greeted at the front by what I am assuming was a manger or owner, seated promptly, and greeted again by a waiter who was knowledgeable, friendly, and easy to speak with. The interior is calm, authentic, and beautiful and you kind of forget the hustle and bustle of the mall and shopping centers that surround you as you eat. There are quite a few tables, with beautiful wall decorations and just the right lighting. Now, the best part....the food. OMG...I could fill up on the eggplant dip and pita bread appetizer alone. Just the right amount of garlic paired with yummy roasted eggplant and  some of the best pita bread I've ever had and BAM....party in your mouth.  We asked our waiter what he thought was the best sandwich and he said that he always likes to tell first time diners to try their regular gyro. Kids, if you think you've had a gyro, you're only lying to yourself. This pita fold was SO PACKED with meat I actually had to take some out just so that I could take a bite!!! The meat was so tender and perfectly seasoned, topped with only a bit of onion and tomato and their special creamy sauce...I died and went to Greek Heaven!! As my husband said, "You know the food was good when you're asking for a to-go box for your scraps!!" I cannot wait to go back and take some friends!OH wait, one more thing...BYOB!! ($2.50  fee per bottle...don't be stingy, they give you glasses, open the bottle, and pour for you)
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,9/22/2013,116,45,6,3,4>Are you a Honeybadger? Are you such a Honeybadger that you put a stripe in your hair for Burning Man? Well I am.And my stripe was designed and installed by the notorious, outrageous Kyle at Hair by Kyle. He is a genius with a set of scissors. He is fiercely fun and great with my hair.Beer with your haircut? Yes please!A good laugh? Yes please!Water bottle when you leave? Yes please!He takes credit cards, cash, you name it! Great time every time!!!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,9/21/2013,872,124,,4,3>This was my first Yelp event.   And I thoroughly enjoyed it.  It was great opportunity to check out Komali and meet lots of new people.  Thanks to Heli for coordinating the event!Upon arriving I was surprised to find a place in the area that had as much onsite parking as Komali does.  Granted it was a Sunday afternoon but they have decent amount of parking. Upon entering Komali the interior hit me as someplace I could come and chillax after a long day in the office. The staff was beyond friendly.  I was greeted immediately upon entering and then shown to section reserved for the Yelpers. And before I knew I had a glass of white sangria in my hand (the first of a few).  The waiters did an excellent job of explaining each dish as they passed around the samples. Of all the wait staff, Francisco stood out to me.  The way he interacted with everyone at my table demonstrated how much he enjoys his job.  He did an excellent job!!  Of the food I sampled my favorites were the Braised Short Ribs and the Sweet- Spicy Goat Cheese.  And I finished off the night with a glass of red sangria which was amazing.I look forward to returning to Komali and enjoying their Sangria Sunday menu.To all the Yelpers I met, thank you for making me feel welcome!  I look forward to seeing y'all at future events.
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,9/20/2013,608,886,3,5,4>I'm kind of on the fence about whether or not this place has the best Beef Noodle Soup.  There's King's Noodle which has great flavor and the noodles are thick.  There's the Shabu Shabu place right next door that has delicious soup too, but the noodles are thin.  And now there's Noodle House.  Hmmm. . .this is a tough one!I remember when this restaurant first opened, but I can't remember what we tried and if it was good or not - I suppose it wasn't good because I can't remember.  However, a couple of my friends have been dining here so I thought to give it a try.  The place is very quiet and clean and it's probably because there were only 5 customers when we were dining there around 3:30 on a Sunday afternoon.When we ordered our dishes and had to pay the cashier,I first thought it was a bit pricey.  No problem, as long as I get a big bowl of soup I'll be fine.  Turns out, it was a small bowl.  But wait!  It may be a small bowl, but they sure did pack in a lot of noodles and beef.  So really, it's a good price for what you get!  I do have to say that I'm a fan of thick noodles so I like this Beef Noodle Soup.  However, I felt that the soup wasn't as good as the other two places.  My accomplice for this meal did point out that the broth is not as artificial tasting as Shabu Shabu.  What do I know?  I'm Korean...so I'll gladly agree.  Perhaps a mixture of all 3 Beef Noodles into one would be the perfect bowl!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2013,9/19/2013,68,196,8,9,5>"There is BACON in these waffles!"  I exclaimed.  "They're called bacon waffles," he explained.  "Yea but that doesn't mean there's bacon!"  I expected there to be bacon flavor, bacon powder, or maybe bacon bits.  There were strips of bacon in those waffles!  I don't like bacon that much but that level of over the top indulgence impressed me.  YUM  That chicken and waffles is now my all time favorite.  The gravy was delicious!  I don't even like gravy!!  I had to ask for extra syrup because syrup I do like.  However, I didn't use a whole lot of it.  I just needed enough to make sure there was sugar in my mouth the entire time I ate.  Of course the chicken was really good, too.This whiskey cake is a must try and sets the standard for all other whiskey cakes everywhere.  Okay but here is my complaint: I went to the yelp party where I was first introduced to Whiskey Cake's whiskey cake and it was way better than the two times I visited the restaurant.  At the Yelp event, they put the bourbon sauce on top of the cake and it was as though they had poked holes in the cake so the sauce would be absorbed.  At the party, it was sit in the floor legs crossed Indian style and finish an entire cake while watching "Do the right thing" good!!!  At the restaurant, they put the sauce on the side and make me ask for extra.On the way out, there was a basket of candy.  Nooooooooo, not peppermint.  Candy!  There was a basket of Laffy Taffy that if my friend wasn't so uptight would have been dumped into my purse.  j/k  ;-)
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,9/18/2013,236,272,5,13,5>The minds behind Cane Rosso have done it again. Zoli's is a most welcome addition to the Dallas pizza scene. I dropped in here on opening day, and was relieved to see the line to get in was small (opening on a Tuesday afternoon was smart). The restaurant itself is small and cozy, with simple decor, save for a huge white unicorn head sculpture on one wall, which made me giggle. I loved the "Buy a Buddy a Slice" wall, where you can buy a friend a slice for them to redeem later. If I was Chuck Norris, I would be honored as hell to have Dino buy ME a slice.The pizzas are organized by type where you can see them, as this is primarily a pizza-by-the-slice place. There are lots of options...grandma style (crispy on bottom, softer on top), Sicilian (pie-style crust with mozzarella and sicilian sauce) and of course, the NY style pizza. Straight away I ordered a grandma style cheese slice and a hot soppressata NY style slice. The NY style is exactly what I would expect. Huge, foldable, and downright delicious. I will NEVER eat pepperoni again...the soppressata is exactly what any pie needs to get a super flavorful kick. I enjoyed every last bite. The grandma style slice was a piece of heaven. I could taste the heavy presence of basil , and I loved how the edges were super crispy, yet the inside was soft and gooey. It was as perfect as a pan-style pizza can get. Seriously, this place has restored my faith in pizza types other than Neapolitan. Cane Rosso will still be my number one, but Zoli's follows the same tradition of freshly made pizza with awesome ingredients, and I will be visiting again...often!!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,9/17/2013,334,106,4,4,3>This place really has customer service in mind. I am somewhat of a regular here. If I know my friends or family are coming, I make sure I tag along.On my last visit, I ordered the mushroom burger. When it came time for my table to have its food delivered, my burger didn't make it. A food runner or another server came by and asked if I ordered a veggie burger, which I declined. It turns out my mushroom burger accidentally ran to the wrong table. Honestly, I didn't mind at all, as I wasn't that hungry. Two people plus a manager stopped by my table to apologize about the situation. After a multitude of sorries (which I thought wasn't a big deal after all) I finally got my mushroom burger. It only took like, an extra 10 minutes. The server even said that they will comp my meal...seriously? Well, the people who work here must freak out a lot or are just genuinely apologetic. They must be lucky that I'm not one of those fussy types of customers who get aggravated easily for no big reason. Mistakes happen. I get it. Speaking of which, I hope a genuine vegetarian didn't mistakenly consume an actual burger - now THAT would suck. I'm not really going to comment a lot about the taste of the food, since almost everyone has eaten at The Cheesecake Factory, among all corporate-type restaurants. I will say the mushroom burger wasn't at all bad. And be sure to never leave without indulging into their cheesecakes, obviously. That's what their known for.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,9/16/2013,88,306,22,10,6>A wanna-be tattoo-biker-bar full of pretentious people trying to out-shock each other with their beard lengths and tattoos/piercings/pierced tattoos.  I was the oldest person for miles around, and seeing these kids dressed up like they were trying to upset their parents was laughable, but the place is OK to hang out in.  It has character, kind of.  Lots of graffiti or crap on the walls, there's a game room which is really neat.  There's a big deck on the roof which has a bar there and cornhole (or "that bean bag game" as you texans call it), and lots of seating and a GREAT view of Dallas and the street below.  They have an impressive beer selection and live music too.  The live music is usually talented musicians followed by someone screaming into the microphone.  I bet his bedroom is painted black.  Shocking.Oh another thing - you can smoke on the roof, which I like.  I smelled people smoking clove cigarettes - thought I was back in the 90s.  This place is like where all the characters from the first skit of Portlandia hang out.But I'll go here again when my buddy is in town - he got a kick out of it and I don't care where I am so long as the company is good.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2013,9/15/2013,64,120,6,9,7>Yes, it's crowded. Yes, it's small. Yes, the bathroom situation sucks. But every time I go here, I have a great night. I don't know if it's just dumb luck, but I swear rounds and rounds of drinks and shots are ordered and the tab is CHEAP. And the drinks are STRONG. I don't remember dancing but there is a patio! It's dark as hell inside, I feel like there is one light behind the bar and that's it. It's a mixed crowd, which I feel is so rare going out in Dallas. It adds a cool vibe to the place. Plus it's right next to Barcadia and Gin Mill if you feel like a change of scenery. Beauty Bar, don't change! 'Cuz you're amazing, just the way you are!
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,9/14/2013,443,598,4,11,6>It's Gangnam Style! No. There will be no dancing like Psy... unless you want too. A group of us went to their soft opening last night and it was rough, but not bad. Hopefully they'll have a better flow of things during and after their grand opening this weekend. We all shared and sampled our main dishes, so here's my take on our dinner.Pumpkin porridge was new to me and after having tried it I would have it again, if I was two! Looked like baby food. Taste fine, but not something I would have before dinner. I thought porridge in Asian culture was had when you were sick. Porridge, the Asian chicken soup.Our salad was like any other salad you might get at any other sushi place crisp greens smothered in a cool, light on the ginger, dressing.The Miso soup was had with a few seaweed flakes and diced tofu. It was put in front of me. I ate it. That's all I have to say about the soup.Bacon wrapped asparagus was not cooked like the picture on Yelp; ours was really chewy and slightly browned but we sent it back and they gladly cooked it a bit more. The outer layers of bacon weren't as crispy as I would have liked, but I guess that's just my preference. Crispy bacon is where it's at yo!The Fried Dumplings were tiny, I'd say about the size of a gumball and there were only six. If I wasn't in front of my peers I would have been popping them in my mouth like popcorn. The dipping sauce was okay, but didn't seem necessary since the dumplings were so small and quite flavorful.Before our dishes came out we ordered one of those boats with 22 pieces of sushi, quite a variety. All freshly put together, by the chefs and in hindsight I should have probably skipped the rice and ate only the fish since we were downing beers. Speaking of the beers, they did bring out cold glasses for our beers, but they didn't do it every time we ordered a round. I'm not trying to be all fancy by drinking already chilled bottled beers in frosty glasses, but if you're going to do something do it consistently. Not many Korean restaurants offer the chilled glasses for the beers, so this is a plus in my book.For my main dish I ordered the Grilled Salmon which was cooked well done with some crispiness to the skin. The salmon rested on some unevenly chopped bell peppers and onions in a sweet sauce that seemed to thicken as it continued to cook on the piping hot cast iron dish. The caramelizing onions on the dish were pretty much the best part of my dish, next to the salmon.Another sampled dish was the Gabli, pretty hard to mess up. It was tender juicy and flavorful. They did a good job of making it not too sweet and it was also served on a bed of caramelizing onions on a hot cast iron pan. Fish katsu had a nice crunchiness to the batter, but visually it seemed like it retained a quite a bit of cooking oil. However, it tasted awesome. You might want to try having some wine, or the side dishes, or the salad that it comes with as a palate cleanser. We had a complimentary dish brought out to us and if I heard the server right, she said it was a "Volcano roll." I guess it was supposed to look like lava flowing over some rolls. One of our friends said the orangey mess part was made with imitation crab. Like anything imitation, it's not going to be like the real thing and that's why it tasted bland.For dessert they offered us green tea or vanilla ice cream. However, they first offered us fried tempura ice cream, but I guess they misspoke or were out of tempura batter?  The green tea ice cream was claimed to be, "Best in Texas". I'm not a fan of green tea ice cream in general, but theirs was really smooth and not grainy like some other places. The vanilla ice cream was really soft, creamy, and fluffy. Can ice cream be fluffy? I guess mine was. They also brought us a variety of fruit. We can end our night by eating something healthy!Since it was their soft opening I'm going to forgive them for bringing out our appetizers AFTER our main dishes and our sushi boat. When our main dishes did arrive, it was really sporadic and not all at the same time. I hope they fix their timing.Overall, Gangnam Sushi seems like a Korean and sushi joint with a higher price point for what you get, but I guess you're paying for the ambiance, Gangnam style!
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2013,9/13/2013,256,159,12,5,6>To say that I love the Katy Trail is an understatement. In the months leading up to big races, I spend more time with Katy than with my boyfriend. I'm also in an on-and-off relationship with White Rock Lake, but its open space means too much wind in the unpredictably gusty Dallas weather. On those occasions, I always fall back into the gentle arms of Katy.Katy is patient: we started dating 3 years ago when I could barely run 3 miles - those dates consisted of me throwing temper tantrums and eagerly looking for the next quarter-mile mark. Katy is kind: its water fountains and coolers from neighboring businesses give me much-needed hydration when I neglect to bring my own. Katy does not envy: on dates longer than 7 miles, I would start and end by flirting with Highland Park. Katy generously takes me on the round trip ride then lets me go.This is how I know Katy loves me.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,9/12/2013,973,92,34,33,35>High class joint, and restaurant week was the best time to try it out. As predicted this place was one of the first to be booked up, so our reservation was not until 9:30. We were delayed a little and we didn't get seated til 10. Super late dinner, but worth it nonetheless. For restaurant week, the way you place your order is they have the menu divided for little plates (appetizers), big plates (entrees) and sweet plates (dessert). Choose one of each for $45. I heard good things about their scallops so I tried that for the appetizer and the sirloin steak for entree. Scallop was pan-seared which really helped lock in the flavor, mixed with an assortment of lima beans and carrots to round out the dish. Each bite was amazing. The sirloin in it's medium-rare glory mixed with an under-belly of grits was equally impressive. Add in a glass of red wine and a sample dessert platter and you have yourself a winner here.
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,9/11/2013,132,558,7,11,9>One word that comes to mind: Spectacular! I went with about 6 other people and we took over a couple of tables at the bar. Service was great and the drinks were amazing. The decor and atmosphere are very high class and I'd love to spend lots of time here (if I could afford it). Warm interior, comfy chairs, room full of attractive people... to see and be seen. Fabulous. We had salads and some apps, all were just melt in your mouth amazing... instead of having mains, we opted for more drinks ;) and desert. I have to say they make the BEST martini I've EVER had anywhere. Several gals order the more fancy drinks and couldn't shut up about how good they were.Portion sizes are upscale and the food is packed with flavor... plating was poster worthy. The caeser salad was amazing (how is that even possible), fois gras, gnocchi was outstanding and all deserts were yummy. Recommending something is hard only because it's all fabulous. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,9/10/2013,133,74,3,5,4>As we beebopped up to the door of Urbano Cafe's modest digs for our 8pm Wednesday night reservation, a waiter was exiting the establishment into the blustery cold night with two tantalizing plates of food. Naturally we held the door for him (what do you take me for?), but this was definitely a first. Where was he going? Whyyy two doors down to the extension of their building! Now that's service.The above and beyond service continued throughout the evening - I cannot say enough about what a cool little space this was. Wander through the little kitchen to use the restroom? Don't mind if I do. This is possibly my favorite BYOB joint I've visited - they still took the care to swap out the white wine glass sitting on the table for red wine glasses to match our selection which I haven't always seen at other BYOB establishments.The specials looked amazing (see the pictures for a sample specials menu from 2.27.13), but like a dummy I gave up bread, pasta and rice for Lent and the mussels a table over would have killed me to not be able to sop bread in. Yes, I know. I'm a fool. It was really miserable to not be able to order the scallop dish with an intriguing ghost chili sauce due to it's pairing with a risotto and me not wanting to offend the chef by asking to swap out the side. Anyways, hindsight is 20/20. Moving on to what we DID order!Appetizers:Salmon Ceviche with Taro Chips. I thought this was delicious and a veryyy plentiful portion for an appetizer. However, for those of you who are wary of fishier tasting salmon it may err on the side of this. My boyfriend is adorable to watch when he eats ceviche, because he generally likes it and shares it evenly with me but you can tell if it's even the slightest bit overly fishy because he stops at one bite.Caprese S'mores - I sadly didn't get to sample this due to aforementioned dumminess on my part for giving up bread. From the description I pictured tiny little bite sized melty s'mores, but these were more like two halves of a whole sandwich! The BF said they were pretty good but the cheese wasn't really melty looking so while the presentation was beautiful, I may not order this again.Mains:Seared Duck Breast - to be totally honest... I had really high hopes for this dish and I didn't love it :(  I adore duck, and am totally down with the very rare cooking temperature of it. This looked beautiful but it just didn't have a lot of flavor which to me made how rare it was a little offputting. Plus I usually love crispy duck skin which wasn't the case here, nor was it promised though, so not a huge deal.Beef Tenderloin with mushroom risotto, crispy shallots and brandy demi glace - once again, wow, cooked to perfection and beautiful...but just not the most flavorful steak I've ever had. It was still good though especially for the portion size and price point ($25). This specific experience was more like a 3.5, but the service and BYOB definitely kick it up to a solid 4. I'll definitely be back post-lent to order off the specials menu and the overall experience was memorable in a great way!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,9/9/2013,725,843,3,2,5>I've been making it Trashy in Austin, on Preston and now, FINALLY, close to home on Greenville.  I love Torchy's.  I have told folks about this place years before it moved to Dallas.  And I'm so happy the new location meets the standards set by it's predecessors.  ShelBel and I had brunch there on a Sunday morning and everything was great.  Everything was tasty and the cherry soda always makes me happy.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2013,9/8/2013,128,273,2,5,3>One of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants.  They are always crowded.  The other day we got the last seats at lunch.  I would probably say in looking around that most people over the pho, but I get either one of their stir fry flat noodle dishes or sometimes one of their fried rice dishes.  I have become partial to the N6 which is Basil Chicken Flat Noodles.  I ask them to add medium spice.The place is clean and nice and if you read some of the newspaper articles on the walls, they have been around 15 or 20 years.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2013,9/7/2013,207,244,,3,5>Wow!  I had no idea how competitive spin can be, hehe ;).  But what a great way to work up a sweat.  :D  The cycling shoes that are provided are really nice and well-maintained.   I loved the cool/hip vibe to this place, the classroom itself almost felt like a dance club but with the bikes.   Thank you Cristin for such a fun class. It was nice to meet you for the first time Heli and thank you for hosting!  This is a brilliant new idea for a Yelp event; it is refreshing to do something different like this.  I look forward to all of your events Heli!
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,9/6/2013,137,147,13,9,5>The night ended with me and three women, the women cooing almost orgasmically, one unable to speak-just grunting. The other two laughing and agreeing they wanted to "rub it all over themselves"! Rewind to the beginning for how we got to this point...Sissy's on a Saturday night. All tables filled. Excitement of cocktails and an attractive varying crowd of young and old. The space looks inviting especially with the windows opened to the climate-controlled patio with its bright natural light. Servers and hosts are dressed a little quirky with a southern genteel angle that fits perfectly.Can't miss starters: the fried green tomatoes...deliciously marinated before fried, and then accompanied by a wonderful shrimp remoulade. Squash puppies were light and fluffy and hard to resist with the butter and especially the jalapeno jelly. Have had the three beet salad which did not impress. Same with the cucumber & onion salad. Not bad but not great. There are several other tempting choices that I haven't had a chance to try yet.Entrees: shrimp & grits is a consistent winner. Better than Hatties' version. Spicy and delectable. I ordered the pork chop for something different and it was good. Smoky, moist and tender with great flavor, and an unusual corn pudding accompaniment that was almost like a souffle. Delicious mushroom sauce. I've had the short ribs which would satisfy anyone's meat & potato desires. The gravy was addictive, but the short ribs don't entice you as well as the shrimp.So, the three cooing women from earlier? Hate to burst my bubble but two of the three were related to me...sister and mom. What reduced them all to titterting excitement? Of course it was dessert related: the stars of the show...strawberry rhubarb cobbler...hot, sweet, crumble crusty amazing. And then the "better than sex chocolate cake" which if anything can live up to its name, this moist, warm mess just about can. So if you make it through the earlier parts of the meal, don't forget to leave room for the money shot at the end. At least once I got home I was able to ask my GF to clarify her "rubbing it all over" comment from earlier...
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2013,9/5/2013,386,130,3,8,4>This place is very nice and ...DIFFERENT from other coffee places I've been at. Their prices are very reasonable and you get free refills.The decor looks like it came from pinterest with the upcycled wooden doors used as signs. The coffee mugs were inverted red and black. "Charming," I thought. The seating is in a long corridor, which makes the place feel interesting like it came from San Francisco and you thought it was a tiny room, but it extends all the way to the back. I believe the founder is from St. Louis. There is a story behind the coffee place and I appreciate that its authentic.Unfortunately there are two other coffee shops close by competing with this one. A Starbucks and another chain. I hope this one continues to thrive.
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,9/4/2013,40,95,2,6,4>Had an amazing experience here! I love the atmosphere, especially the cacti-studded wall and modern yet comfortable wood interior. My boyfriend and I started with the sampler appetizer plate, Surtido Veracruzano, which included 2 cheese empanadas, 2 enmoladas (soft tortillas in black bean and mole sauce, folded into quarters) and 2 picadas (masa tarts with 2 different sauces on top). The latter two were unfamiliar to us both, but super delicious. Although Mesa doesn't seem to be a chips and salsa type restaurant, we asked our waiter he happily brought some out. Maybe that's because their chips seem to be homemade and only served with the guacamole? Their salsa that day was super spicy, but really great. A few other tables (including a large group) had the great-looking guac and pretty drinks. We then shared the chicken mole enchiladas, because MOLE. One of the best sauces in the universe when made well. And wow, Mesa's mole is probably one of the best I've ever had. Like I could probably eat it as a soup. Anyway, it was amazing, and the perfect amount of food for a couple that just shared the sampler appetizer plate! I can't wait to go back for happy hour and brunch! And more mole, of course.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,9/3/2013,253,248,5,13,9>I've been waiting to write my 200th review for something that wowed me.  This review's theme is "EATING ETHICALLY"  I guess you would think to yourself, how could one be wowed by a supermarket chain that ain't so new right?....well let me tell you I have something new to share and it's about CHICKENS - both eggs and fryers.  I've been eating "organic" "cage-free" eggs for some time thinking I was really doing something great for myself and the birds.  What hype the chicken industry feeds consumers.  It's so frustrating.  After digging around, I found that what I was really looking for is the Certified Humane labeling.  Not an easy label to find folks but look no further than Whole Foods.  I've never bought into the whole foods hype especially the prices..I ain't rich but now eating ethical eggs is important to me so I  am willing to pay a premium price for it and I can ONLY find those "certified organic AND humane" at whole foods from vital farms right outta Austin.  Love it local. certifiedhumane.orgvitalfarms.comTo delight me even more, I then wanted to eat a well treated chicken (Vital Farms lovingly calls their chickens "their girls).  Don't mock me for this.  Yes, the chickens are still being killed to feed me but the importance is knowing how the chickens are raised.  Knowing they are healthy and well fed before they end up on my plate and in my belly.  Big Industry farms do some pretty sick crap to animals---ewe and then they feed that to us....just gross. I'm sure you've seen the documentary Food Inc. The bottom line for me is put to the best foods in my body and try to do it in the most economical way which brings me to my final point on the review.  For the most budget conscience:  Tips from the butcher during this visit (Thank you Mr. Butcher for helping me afford the best food for my body)1. Buy the whole fryer (the entire chicken not cut up).  This visit it was $3.99 lb.2. Ask the butcher to cut up the chicken for you - WFs does this for free!  WOW3. Sign up for the newsletter because they do have sales and sometimes you can get the best chicken for $1.99lb.  wholefoods.com/newsletteLast little bit of information.  Whole Foods uses the Global Animal Partnership's (GAP) 5-Step Animal Welfare Rating.  The $3.99 chicken I bought was a 5 rating (The chicken was born and lived it's life *and died* on one farm).  Aye yai yai...there is so much to learn. NEXT UP - turkey, then beef, then pork. oh my.   wholefoodsmarket.com/bloIf eating ethical meat is important to you...I hope this review helps just a bit.  It's been a journey for me to find my way to ethical meat but the people at WFs are  such a huge help and these days, I'm a happier eater!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,9/2/2013,686,887,11,15,11>OMG! I'm going through major withdraw like a crack addict going off drugs right now!!! and I've only had it once! okay, twice but I went once and ordered two things! this place is so out of the way!!! the dessert is so good but its in an Asian shopping mall that nobody goes to! I ordered a number one, Bambu special. and a number 4, che xung xa hot luu. I wanted ice in number one but no ice in number 4 because I wanted it for later. If you order these to go, don't get ice. It'll melt and water down your drinks. You could always put ice in it when you get home. Remember to keep them in the fridge to keep the coconut milk fresh. Its so hard picking my favorite out of the two because they were both good. I like the green gummy worm things in number 1. The coconut was perfect! I can tell it was from a baby coconut because it was so soft and not chewy. The che was very refreshing! it wasnt too sweet either. I loved it! this is such a healthier alternative from boba tea! I see myself coming here every weekend when I come home! This is one of the things I'm glad I'm Vietnamese! shout outs to my Viets! woot woot!!!
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,9/1/2013,101,190,1,10,7>Good concept for a fast, non-food court lunch option at the mall. Not the best sushi I've ever had, but it was reasonably priced and above average in taste. Every table is alongside a conveyor belt, on which different rolls, nigiri, appetizers, and dessert options rotate. Different colored plates on the conveyor belt cost different amounts (ranging from $2.50-$5.00), and you can also order off of the menu if you want something that's not in the current rotation. They also have a kids menu, and pb&j rolls in the rotation on the conveyor belt. Hubs and I shared several plates for lunch and it ran us about $30. The best bang for your buck is the crunchy salmon roll; 6 pieces for $3.50, fresh, with just the right amount of spicy sauce and a cup of tempura crunch bits that you add to the roll yourself. The Philly roll was decent at $3. The nigiri (tuna and salmon available) was pretty good; again, not the best, but not bad. There was a special roll that started with a K (sorry, can't remember the name exactly) with tempura shrimp inside and tuna on top for $5 that was particularly good. Visit Wasabi remembering that you're in a mall and you'll be pleased. This isn't meant to be a fancy sushi restaurant. I'll definitely come back.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2013,8/31/2013,74,222,6,6,4>Ellen's is new and seems to be looking for its identity.  Is it Southern cooking or a breakfast joint?  I'm voting breakfast joint. The appearance is Southern cooking, the dishes look Southern and the menu says Southern, but the taste is blend.  Both of my grandmothers were Southern cooks, it all had flavor!  After trying the Chicken Fried Steak, with mashed potatoes and broccoli, I was really disappointed.  The gravy was blend, just a base flour gravy with no other seasoning, salt and pepper at best.  While tender, the steak didn't taste like it was pre-seasoned at all before cooking, again, maybe a little salt & pepper.  The broccoli taste like it was cooked in plain water, uh-oh, no salt & pepper this time, no nothing!  And mashed potatoes were good at creamy, but no buttery flavor, no nothing, just potato. This was very surprising because the breakfast I've had here is damn good!The first thing I ever had here, The Tinga Pork, pulled pork, potatoes, and scrambled eggs served with avocado, sour cream, and salsa was off the chain. Big bold flavor!  And a very generous portion on top of that.  It was all I could do to finish it.  Where was this flavor in the Chicken Fried Steak and sides?  Damn!The service was wonderful, our waitress and others kept the glasses topped off and check us after the meal arrived.  Great service with the hovering.I hope Ellen's finds it identity soon, I'm betting breakfast.  But if they can just find a little of that Southern cooking flavor they will be all the chain, all around.Breakfast & service is four star, but CFS things was just too blend, two star.I hoping for an everyday four star soon. Because I'm sold on the breakfast already.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,8/30/2013,86,77,2,13,7>I had been complaining for some time that Dallas is so flat, and seeing as to how I love to walk and hike, this was always quite a big drawback to living here.I just discovered this trail, recommended by a friend, after 1.5 years of living here and I am ecstatic! It's about half an hour south of Dallas proper.It's easy to get to, and you have the option to choose the trail that you want. The map upon entry lets you know up front which trails are easy, moderate and diffiuclt. There are warning signs about the occasional snake, but like any path of nature, that is a reality.We took the 3 mile, steep path, and I consider myself moderately fit, so I was extremely happy to find it challenging. It was the perfect 60 degree day, so i recommend going in the winter, spring, fall or anytime the sun is not blazing 110 degrees of heat. Bring water regardless.The people passed on the trail are super friendly, families, kids, new parents with their babies strapped on. Everyone says hi. It's the kind of place you could bring a quick picnic and have on the benches as you're perched on top.Highly recommend considering this is your best option locally.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,8/29/2013,81,216,5,7,5>I'm a fan of Indian food--my boyfriend, on the other hand, has never eaten Indian & I had been harassing him about going to an Indian place with me. He finally gave in (part of my Valentine's Day gift) and said he'd go with me if I picked the place. UGH! That in itself was SO hard! I wanted to take him to a buffet so he could taste a wide variety of things and Wild Chutneys was the perfect choice. They had so much to choose from and while he was hesitant at first to try some of the dishes, I'd put a little on my plate and then make him try it...such a baby! On his standards he gave it a "solid 6 out of 10 stars"...and I think Boiling Crab & Whataburger are the only places that hold a 10 in his book *rolls eyes* The tandoori chicken was his favorite...he didn't want to try my chicken tikka masala because it "looked funny"...after a forkful-try, he got up and got more for himself :-) The staff was also very attentive and helpful. The hostess was definitely pleasant and very sweet from the moment we walked in. We'll be back!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,8/28/2013,851,315,1,8,7>This new place by the lofts is awesome! First, didn't know it was here... it's new, and it was hoppin on the day we went. I think the gorgeous weather helped. Second, the drinks, appetizers, sides, chips, entrees... ALL delicious.They have chips that are seasoned in different flavors throughout the week, a large pet-friendly patio, huge space and on a nice day, this place is absolutely perfect.The mixed drinks were fantastic. The chicken sandwich and Italian Stallion (a french dip type sandwich) were both outstanding. The spinach dip was absolutely wonderful, and the service was some of the best I've had. Full Circle Tavern is worth 5 stars anytime. I'll definitely be back and hopefully this place will be super successful!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/27/2013,29,85,,9,1>As others have noted - the previous place in this location (BBQ Barn) was absolutely horrible.  I had a chance to chat with the owners - they told me some of the nightmares they uncovered after buying the place (which had been closed for awhile).  Be glad you never showed up when it was BBQ Barn...That said - they're open from 11:30 until they run out of food. On weekends, that may be as late as 6 or 7. On Weekdays, they usually wind up closing shortly after lunch.BBQ, especially in Texas, is highly subjective - however, these guys really take pride in what they're doing. The decor is very dated, but clean, and the food, in my opinion, is fantastic - especially for the price.After my visit last weekend, I plan to be a regular here - at least once a week, anyway.
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,8/26/2013,207,491,7,8,7>Do not insult Sno by calling it a snow cone stand.  It's nothing like that.  It's shaved ice and it is delicious.What makes it so great?  First off, the ice is shaved so thin that it's very smooth.  Not like the ice chunks you get from a snow cone vendor.  That's just finely crushed ice.  This is finely shaven ice so it's practically a Slurpee(TM) consistency.  Basically it's a thick Slurpee(TM) consistency that you'd eat with a spoon.Second, there are all kinds of flavors.  The owner was there and asked if it was our first time.  It was.He rattles off a bunch of the flavors that are popular, the difference between the natural flavors and the original flavors, the flavors that go well with others, ones that don't go well with others, what is tart, what is sweet, his favorites, etc.We decide on a lime with blackberry.  It was good.  Above average good.My friends got one that was mango with strawberry.  Also good.  Above average.  And a half and half Pink Lemonade and Unnatural Lime (this is what we called the original flavors since the other flavors are called "Natural").  Very refreshing.Third, the price:  For $2.50 you get a medium or $3 you get a large.  $4 for a Texas sized and $2 for a small.  Pretty good pricing for what you get.We're probably going to come back on Wednesday so we'll have some other flavors then.  Excellent.Here are some flavors you should try:Almost anything Natural.  The Changito is VERY sour, so make sure you mix it with something.  I was going to get it with Strawberry but they suggested getting the natural lime instead of the Changito.  It was very good.  *Natural Strawberry and Natural Lime*Natural Kiwi and Natural Mango.  So good.  I think they're out.  Last time we went there was definitely no more Kiwi.Natural Watermelon tastes just like watermelon.  Probably could use it a little sweeter.The Wife really likes Natural Blackberry.Of the Original flavors, I'd get the Pucker and Ruby Red.  They don't really taste like Grapefruit, but it's still pretty good.Our friends love putting the spice on their Sno.  I'm not a fan of it but our friends can't have their Sno without it.Watch out, the spoon dispenser can shoot the spoon out so make sure you're ready when you push the lever!  You could put your eye out!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/25/2013,47,101,2,10,4>Disregard the first reviewer with only one review who gave this a 2 star. It's a classy '20s style lounge with fantastic drinks and a small, but just big enough food menu.Great food and drink specials mon-thurs. Love the $2 tacos on Tuesday, and the burgers and flat breads here are excellent.Formerly the chesterfield, this place has condensed its menu (food and drink) to really nice offerings at very reasonable prices. I give this place a five star because its everything I want in bar bites and drinks at a great price in walking distance. This place should and will be teeming with regulars in the near future. As far as downtown goes, you're definitely missing out if you haven't stopped in here.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2013,8/24/2013,285,407,5,10,7>I'm a fan of this fun-filled place!  We were given 4 tickets last year to enjoy the park for free and man was that a treat! Totally exceeded our expectations.  Parking is free, which is an immediate plus.  You can bring coolers in for a nominal fee, which we didn't because we figured we got the tickets for free, why not grab something to eat there.  The food was very decently priced..unlike *cough*Hurricane Harbor*Cough*The park itself has a nice layout that is very easy to navigate.  The wave pool was so fun! The provide inner tubes in the wave pool, but apparently you can't have a child on your lap in the inner tube.  Kinda sucks because the inner tubes are pretty big so a child under the age of 12 probably can't fit in one comfortably.  The lifeguards are soooo whistle happy.  I understand safety and such, but if people are that "unruly" that you have to whistle every minute..maybe the place should be closed down.  The kids area is also a blast! My daughter loved it, even more than Hurricane Harbor's kid area.  Finding a place to sit was very easy as it was not so crowded even though we were there on a Saturday in August.  Also, I loved the reggae music that was playing..very nice touch!I will definitely be back again! Can't wait for the fun that awaits us!
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/23/2013,180,124,5,3,3>I lub lub lub this place! I've been cheating on my favorite restaurant gf with Velvet Taco and am considering leaving her permanently for VT!! Everything I've had has been on point! It reminds of the cool independent restaurants in Austin and so I always have a soft spot for these kinds of dives.Enough of the chit chat! Let's get it in!! Paneer Taco was good but I preferred the Chicken Tikka instead! The Falafel is nice and light and its a lettuce wrap! That always throws everyone off! The Bacon and Egg is perfect! I'm a bacon and egg slut so I know what I'm talking about! I had one of the chicken tacos with queso on it and it was fantastic. The CORN IS SENSATIONAL! It tickles you in places you never knew could be tickled! The new addition: tater tots with an egg on it is good but I prefer the corn.If that wasn't enough the creamsicle tea is excellent on a hot day!All in all. I will be back. Weekly. =)
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,8/22/2013,144,106,4,15,5>It's not often that I give such a high rating for a restaurant but this place was phenomenal. I came with a large party of 12 people and the manager was very accommodating. AMBIANCE: The restaurant is smaller than I expected but the ambiance is nice with the sunlight shining in to give the restaurant natural light and music in the background. There is a bar/waiting area and the bar staff is very friendly! FOOD: Because we had such a large group we were able to try a huge portion of the menu. I don't remember every dish we had but I'll list what I can remember. For appetizers we had beef jerky, pork jerky, pork belly, lamb lollipops, mussels, fried eggs with tamarind sauce, and squid. My faves were the lamb, eggs, mussels and pork belly. The lamb lollipops were cut thin and flavored very well - the meat was tender and not did not have the normal lamb aftertaste. The broth of the mussels was delicious - savory yet a little tangy...the waitress also gave us sticky rice to soak up the broth! The pork belly was melt in your mouth amazing...it was served on top of a slice of yellow daikon pickled radish which gave it the perfect complement with a little crunch! For salads, we had papaya salad, pomelo salad, and another that was spicy! Favorite salad by far was the papaya salad...it was refreshing, tangy and a little spicy! For our main meal, we tried crispy fish, ground pork with basil, crispy duck, soft shell crab, duck red curry, short ribs, salmon, and some others that can't come to my mind right now. All of the dishes were delicious, full of flavor yet not too overwhelming, and the portions were more than enough. As a plus, the kids meal grilled pork was VERY good-the meat was tender and marinated well. To top off the meal we finished with the lemon sponge cake, espresso mousse, and sticky rice with panna cotta. The espresso mousse had a great balance of sweet from the mousse and  bitter from the dark chocolate crust. Must haves: sticky rice, papaya salad, crispy duck, thai iced tea, and espresso mousse! SERVICE: Our waitress was amazing. It was her fifth day of waiting tables and she handled our large group very well...always attentive and smiling. I wish I remembered he name! Our water glasses were never empty. They changed our plates before dinner so we could have a clean palette. The chef also came out to meet us and loved hearing feedback! Needless to say, our whole party was stuffed! Will definitely visit again!!
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,8/21/2013,308,111,11,12,7>Review for White People:Yes, this is the place you want. Yes, I too am a Gringo. I don't speak a lick of Spanish. All the other reviews here are correct regarding the tacos--they're incredible and are the real thing.Location does appear a little intimidating for the Gringo. Go ahead and push yourself inside to the teeny tiny little space. The people running the place are extremely friendly and hard-working. They do speak a little bit of English. The people waiting in line for food--you'll see one or two (probably you) that aren't Mexican--are very friendly too. Well, they certainly have been on the occasions I've visited.They do take credit cards, by the way.Here's where I may differ from the standard Gringo: my friend and I seek out the more unusual stuff and we definitely found it here: tripe (intestines), head, suadero, tongue (even though tongue isn't really unusual)--they have all of it here. I did not see chicharrones on their menu. Here's the best part: they grill all of these items up so nice and crispy that it simply tastes great and doesn't have any of "that" flavor you may encounter from other places. You know, the flavor that makes certain you know that you're eating intestines and stomach and whatnot. Man! These tacos were light, not greasy, came with the usual cilantro/onion/lime combo + the two variety of sauce to pour on them (orange and green--haha) and were the absolutely best tacos I've ever had anywhere.Don't deny yourself this experience!You ain't gonna be dinin' in--like the others here have said, inside the tiny space you'll be crowded in "butts to nuts" for ordering. Along the wall they've installed a long but narrow shelf with barstools and there'll be patrons squished onto them eating. Get it to go, my friend.Don't forget to squeeze that lime!P.S. we ordered 8 tacos and the bill was around $11-12. Can't beat these prices!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,8/20/2013,160,285,18,8,5>Here it is.  As of press release, THE BEST BARBECUE I HAVE HAD.  The Beef Rib.  What can I say that hasn't already been said?!?!?  MASSIVE.  My friend and I shared a 1.5+lb beef rib and it was so juuuuicy, sooo suucccuuullllent, sooooooo yummmy.The brisket was more of the same.  Perfect amount of fat, juiiiices, everything made me want to go home with a to-go order and do nasty things to it.  I'm not joking.  Let your imagination run wild, and you still wouldn't be close to what I would do to this thick, moist piece of meat.  GOD DAMN I need to go to church.Macaroni and Cheese, stellar.  One of the better Mac and Cheese's I've had outside of my own.  Oh what?  You don't know how good my Mac and cheese is?  You prob never will.  Are you a hot chick?  Then you could.  Message me your number.Fried okra was definitely fried okra, meaning delicious.  How good was this place? I was burping up the smokey flavor nearly 5 hrs later, and still enjoying every taste.  DIRTY BOY!Do yourself a favor and go here.  Everything about everything is right.
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2013,8/19/2013,326,673,6,13,11>The space is a lot bigger than I expected from peering in as I waddled past before it opened. The staff, dressed like members of some kind of asian schoolgirl cult, are extremely friendly and quick to serve. Drinks are strong, and in proper glassware. Prices aren't horrible or amazing - it's not a live music venue so you can expect to pay $5 for a well drink outside of any kind of happy hour. Work, like all respectable BBQ establishments, runs out of smoked chicken early-ish. At 9pm on a Friday, they had no more. They did have pulled chicken left though so I got a salad (with pulled chicken). The salad greens/cheese/dressing ratio was great for the $8 pricetag. I longed for more chicken, but I had wanted to gobble down an entire half bird when we walked in, so I likely was just experiencing loss aversion from them being out. The price for a half chicken is a bit steep - $12, but it comes with two sides ($3 upcharge for tortellini mac n' cheese). I think Work is a great bar + food option for those of us who don't like to eat mexican or hamburgers every day but do enjoy BBQ, salads, and the smell of smoked meats!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,8/18/2013,0,135,6,7,5>Dear Palayok,Do you know how long I have been waiting for you?  Yes, I am that occasionally "lazy" Filipino cook, who would rather instantly self-gratify with huge portions of adobo, garlic fried chicken, pansit, pinakbet, egg roll, and turon without days of prep and cooking.  Thank you for bringing this all to me at $5.95 a plate and less than $25 for bags of food enough to feed my small village in Frisco for two days.Thank you also for the friendly and generous service by the people behind the counter.  I hope to see you real soon.Sincerely,TiaP.S.  My favorite is palabok, with lots of stuff on it, so please make that soon and let me know when it is available.P.S.S.  Can you make that warm tofu dessert, with that sweet sugar/caramel sauce? I'm not sure what it is called, but it is my second favorite.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,8/17/2013,75,47,6,7,4>I wish I had a key to this place. Tried & True is what my garage would look like if I had the ambition and liquor license from TABC. The decor is definitely like you're in a bachelor pad basement.The setting is chilled and everyone is having a good time. They have live bands in a tiny corner and a patio for those who smoke or love the summer/winter weather in dallas.THE FOOD.The burgers are good, and the brisket nachos are greater. Don't compare the two...they have feelings. Grab a Peticolas Velvet Hammer and dive into whatever you order. THE SERVICE.okay service but great attitude. The bartenders are cool and know their sh*t. This restaurant/bar is worth having on the Henderson strip. Let's not lose it people.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,8/16/2013,189,181,4,6,4>Happy Hour Wednesdays are legit. 1/2 price apps...try the Pork Wings with garlic ranch aioli...OUTstanding! The drinks are $3 wells and bottles. Such nice deals. Seems like a diamond in the rough for Wednesday happy hour. Not really sure why there weren't more people there, but hey more for me! I haven't been during normal bar hours so I can't speak on that, but I really like the set up - nice open floor plan, multiple types of seating/lounging and bars on multiple levels, even a patio upstairs with fun bar activities. Definitely has the makings of a place I could see myself frequenting. I had to be told it was a New Orleans themed place, either I don't pick up on stuff like that or they may want to throw a New Orleans Saint flag up somewhere or something.The only issue is parking around the area with a few spots around the place, some on-street parking in the neighborhoods around, and some parking structures around, but I know they are all hit and miss.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2013,8/15/2013,132,115,4,5,6>The best yoga in Dallas. Or at least one of the best. Particularly for those who've been practicing for a while and are ready for a more advanced practice, Exhale is a great place for continual growth. (They also have a class or two geared towards beginners, but I haven't tried those).My favorite instructor here is Susie Caicedo. Her classes are challenging, creative, and feel OH-SO-GOOD.  Her sequences manage to kick your ass and calm you at the same time. I recently joined as a member after trying a one-month trial membership. Membership costs an arm and a leg, but my arms and legs (as well as my entire mind and body) thank me for it.Namaste. :)
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2013,8/14/2013,210,336,,8,5>I used to go here on the regular on Saturday afternoons for their buffet. The buffet is big and varied and also awesomely deliscious. Great Persian food, of course. Their aash is a staple I get every time I'm there. There are vegetarian and fish options, along with the regular koobideh (beef) kabob and some type of chicken entree or kabob, depends when you go. I really like the atmosphere, as there is a fountain in the middle that runs through the middle of the restaurant, kind of. It's overally very attractive. This is definitely a date place, in my opinion. Service is good and price is typical of a Persian buffet.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2013,8/13/2013,71,134,3,4,3>Well, I've been here 3 times, and I have to say...YUM!The first time I went I had their fried chicken + jack sandwich.  Ok, it was really good, and the chicken crunch along with the softness of the bun and mild heat off the jack cheese really tasted excellent.  But the lady next to me at the counter got their Lobster Roll. Once I saw it, I knew then what I'd be ordering next time here.  Their Lobster Roll is probably their "killer dish".  If I'm coming here I'm getting their lobster roll, and I'm going to leave full and happy.  But, if I'm going for what so far is the best lobster roll in town, I'm going to Rex's.  This sandwich totally holds up to Rex's, but I do think there's more meat in Rex's sandwich, and I'm a total protein monster.  My wife had the Meyer chicken sandwich, she thought it was great....but she couldn't keep her grubby mitts off of my lobster roll....every time a knuckle or claw piece hit my plate, whoosh...she'd grabbed it off my plate and was chewing on it.For the only "negative" and this is purely subjective, I will say that I'm not a fan of their house made potato chips.  I found them to be a bit greasy and overly firm.  I did like their grilled asparagus though, simple and delicious!East Hampton, you're a fine establishment and I shall return to eat more of your lobster along with your other fine foods!
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,8/12/2013,302,312,4,6,5>Visiting the BBC.. we had to try some British food! I ordered the fish and chips and it was aaaamazing. I've never been to England, so honestly I can't tell if it's "authentic" or not. But I can say it's the best I've ever had! Definitely worth trying!! My friend had ordered the Shepard's Pie. It was good but I don't like lamb, so I'll pass on that... Their cheese platter was good. Now I'm not a big fan of stinky cheese. Somehow I managed to taste the blue cheese and it wasn't stinky at all! I didn't even realize what I had tried until after! We also ordered their beer beef muscles. Nothing extremely exciting but good if you want some seafood and beef in one!If you're hanging out in the front, make your way to the back! There's games like giant Jenga and connect 4. Great place for Sunday Fun Day or a place for friends to gather and have a good time. If you head out here on Saturday, you'll catch the live band. They are aaaamazing. You forget that there's a band and think that there was a DJ the whole time! Grab a few friends for a good time!
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,8/11/2013,236,423,2,3,3>The one thing that should drop stars is that this place is expensive, but I love it so much that I'm giving it full stars. 1) Great coffee. It's made with love, the coffee itself is high quality, and that's hard to find in the north suburbs. 2) The setting is gorgeous. Inside is small but outside there's a beautiful little patio under the trees. It's a great place to sit during events at Watters Creek. 3) Their crepes are good. Great ingredients, powerful taste. I've loved both the savory and the dessert crepes. It's just such a girly, cute spot. My kind of place.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,8/10/2013,51,196,3,5,3>This is delicious food. I've been eating Indian food around the metroplex for the last ten years, and Mughlai is a very unique (and expensive) experience. Let's get the bad part out there first: they charge for rice. Yes, $5 for rice. I'm used to paying for naan, but seriously--rice?? Okay, now that's out of the way.The food is delicious! We tried the Chicken Tikka Masala and Malai Kofta with rice and garlic naan, and everything was perfect. To be more specific, the curries were lighter (perhaps less oily?) yet still retained all of the flavor. The inside of the Malai Kofta was considerably more light and fluffy--not like the heavy, dense dumplings you get at most places. The Tikka Masala was also delicious. I left feeling considerably full but more comfortable than usual.This is a beautifully decorated restaurant too. Very modern, yet warm and cozy. So, go here for a special occasion (or if you have a good job). It was about $44 for two entrees, rice, naan, and two mango lassies. Most places would be about $25, but the Mughlai experience and flavors are top notch.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,8/9/2013,255,323,8,7,8>I've been to Union Park a handful of times now.  Why?  They make a damn fine burger.  On Wednesdays, you can get that damn fine burger for $4* (+more $$ if you want stuff added to it.)In the no longer desolate realm of downtown burgers (it's a fricking veritable burger bonanza these days down here) Union Park offers the #2 or maybe #3 burger in my fatboy rankings.The Union Park burger is kinda like the sloppy hooker of the downtown burger scene.  It's big. It's juicy. It's gonna leave some stank on ya too.  You'll want to be sure you have some tic tacs or a tooth brush handy when you get done.  They load the patty with some aromatics, yo.Is it the BEST burger?  Obviously no.  But it's a satisfying one.  It's not one that you'll regret getting (unless you plan on tongue kissing someone in the hours/days/weeks after eating that bitch.)Service is pretty good too, however I was once told by a ditzy waitress that the reddish amber beer she brought me after I ordered an Ugly Pug was a "new version."  Really?
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2013,8/8/2013,640,144,,8,3>This place is yummy. I like the chicken pho the best! When I first found out this Pho was less than a mile away from my house I was on a pho kick for over a month. Some of their food is very authentic, as I still haven't figured out if the beef pho is cooked all the way. I am really thankful the portions are monstrous so I can have left overs the next day!
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/7/2013,113,190,7,10,5>Oh Em Gee. Did I just discover MY brunch place while going all 1997? My husband and I feel like we rely on our phones too much, so we decided to leave 'em at home and find a brunch place the old school way - driving around until something looked good.I am so glad we found this place! The service was good and the prices were ridiculously cheap, surely they can't keep them this low forever.   We had:Chicken & Waffles: The waffles were fantastic. The chicken was slightly bland, coulda used some salt.Egg White Omelet with veggies, cheese, and bacon: This was a GREAT omelet. I couldn't have been more pleased.Pancakes: They were flavorful and light. Yummmmmmy!Biscuit and hash browns: Definitely tasted homemade!Bloody Mary: Best Bloody Mary ever. EVER.LOVE finding new places likes this!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,8/6/2013,248,375,6,5,4>This place on Sunday Funday can get out of control! Which is just what I like! With all your favorite childhood games they have on deck here, its free to play them on sunday's! got to love that with their insane bar! this place is great however make sure you are dressed to the T ladies. I must say it is dress to impress everytime that i have gone. so pull out your freakem' dress on sunday's or u might not get in LOL...and thats for real... hair and make up better be done up at 2 oclock in the afternoon! cause its like a mini little hollywood
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,8/5/2013,105,93,4,10,5>It was a cold and rainy Tuesday night when we walked into this Olivella's restaurant. Right when we walked in, you could feel your body instantly warm up from the wood burning ovens and candlelit tables. The ambiance was great and everyone seemed so relaxed and comfortable. I've tried the Neo's in Victory Park, and loved it, so I decided to give this place a try. Winner! We ordered:Pepperoni Roll ($8) - YUM!! The outside crust was drizzled with a little bit of cheese which added a nice flavor and crisp to the roll. Flavor was on point! Focaccia w/ Goat Cheese, Pesto & Sundried Tomatoes ($9) - Very nice app. to start off the meal. Ask for their spicy olive oil too!Lasagna ($12) - The lasagna at Neo's was so awesome, I had to try it here and it did not disappoint. I don't like it when lasagna is drenched in mozzarella cheese and this one was the perfect pasta/mozzarella ratio. Highly recommended.We couldn't decide on a pizza so we asked the chef to make something that could please all of our pallets. We ordered a Metro and did a halfsies. It basically came out to a Tomato/Mushroom and Rustica pizza. Delicious! It had the perfect amt of garlic and the meats on the Rustica were very flavorful. Specials:Half-Price Bottles, Tuesdays 5PM to CloseFree Metro Sized Pizza w/a Purchase of a Metro Pizza Monday-Friday 2:30PM to 5:30PM$6 pitcher of Sangria with the purchase of any Metro pizza. Daily before 5:30PM Can't wait to sit on their patio when the weather gets warmer!!
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,8/4/2013,102,108,,21,6>Slow bar fixture right here, full disclosure. Ascension's my go-to cozy nook for productivity, social snorgling, and leisurely feasting. Beautiful space, beautiful coffee.Prime spot to equally thrill the craft coffeeheads, the dimly lit caffeine-loving general public, foodies, communal types, winos, and just the rest of us who have a blood-curdling amount of work to get done, like, yesterday. Computer outlets for everybody! (Eh, they could use a few more outlets.) I don't mind having to wade through whimsically wingtipped foam art before immersing my buds (taste, as it were) into a glove of redolent, buttery roasted single-origin coffee, all while watching the siphon pot light show at the slow bar make a sport of physics.As far as spaces go, I've got standards, and they're framed by specifications that include size of table space (sprawling is a must), natural lighting and openness, and shoot, I'll add conviviality. In the palm of their hand on all accounts. Every time I come the place is bustling enough to satisfy my secondhand social needs while getting work done, and there's a fair amount of private tables along with several large communal tables that are perfect for groups.Often enjoy the Ethiopian Amaro Gayo single origin & Green tea Garden.Foodwise - like the Chicken manchego salad and tuna salad the best, followed by the tomato mozzarella panini. The sopressata & fig was good but not amazing. Airline chicken is my favorite evening item so far, too succulent to be forgotten. Ascension's tops for vibe, spacious accommodations, food & wine, service, and location. Also, love the team that works here - passionate about what they're serving always. So glad the valet sitch has been resolved. post script, my 100th review yeah!
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,8/3/2013,387,387,5,9,8>It was a fortuitous accident that brought me here, as a result of Apple maps misdirecting me to the middle of cow and buffalo pastures when our original destination was a pho restaurant. The disappointment of not having pho immediately dissipated when I saw lobster roll on the menu, and for $13.99! At Dallas restaurants, a lobster roll would be at least $16-18! I'm in absolute agreement with everyone else that this is a great lobster roll. Yes it is small, but the contents inside are quality stuff. LOTs of lobster body meat and the stringier, but still yummy claw meat, with minimal celery and filler, and a complimentary mayo. Comes with two sides...fries were really crispy and fresh, and cole slaw was meh. Also comes with two small hushpuppies, which were just okay, and kind of empty once you break it open. My friend had the salmon club sandwich, which was delicious when I tried it. Big slab of grilled smoked salmon steak, thick bacon, gooey cheese on fresh ciabatta bread. It is a lunchtime superstar. On one side of this restaurant is a fish counter, where you can buy fresh cuts of salmon, tuna, dungeness crab, and some premade seafood items like crawfish, crab salad, and tuna salad at good prices. The fish counter did not distract my appetite at all...it was not smelly in the least.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,8/2/2013,203,202,2,6,2>I would say that my reservation group had a 3 to 3.5 star experience here, but I am going to go ahead and round it up to four stars since this is a new restaurant and our waitress was super nice. However, the reason I consider this a 3 experience is because of one simple fact. When you sit down at this establishment, as any mexican restaurant would do, they offer to start your table out with chips and salsa. Sure, of course.... Who is going to say no to that? Chips and salsa is a mexican standard. But hold up... Pozo actually CHARGES you for a round of chips and salsa as if it is an actual appetizer. Seriously... Who does that? I honestly cannot recall one mexican restaurant in my 26 years of existence that has had the audacity to pull such a stunt. Not to mention, Pozo has about 50 legitimate mexican competitors in a one mile radius of uptown Dallas who will gladly fill up your bowl of chips and salsa as quickly as your table can eat them. Pozo, I really want to be the best of friends with you, but this is just a travesty. I know we are in uptown Dallas where every business is trendy, but seriously, charging for chips and salsa is an immediate turn-off and a GIGANTIC party foul. I don't care how "cool" you think your mexican restaurant is. You just don't do that.As for everything else... Absolutely great. The atmosphere is stylishly cute, very sexy and warmly inviting. This is a fantastic choice for a big group of friends before a night out on the town. I would say that the decor has a very strong "Anthropology" vibe to it. Splashes of turquoise and yellow adorn each table, and the fact that it is a two-story house converted into a dining spot gives Pozo a uniquely quaint feeling unlike anywhere else. The festive patio is jazzed up with colored string lights, and there is also a second floor patio overlooking McKinney Ave. that is insanely adorable. Whoever completed the interior/exterior design for Pozo truly did a phenomenal job. The food- Solid. My friends remarked that the portions were pretty small compared to a lot of mexican restaurants, but nevertheless, we really enjoyed each of our dishes. Our waitress was extremely nice, and unfortunately I can't remember her name but I know it starts with a J! She was one of the friendliest waitress I've come across in a really long time, and she was eager to make us feel very welcome! The drinks- Awesome. The folks behind Standard Pour created Pozo, so I had a feeling the drinks would be pretty legit. Our group ordered a plethora of concoctions for our friend's birthday, and each one was extremely colorful and ridiculously tasty. I do not drink tequila, but our waitress also told us they have 4 tequilas on tap. Ay ya ya! With a couple of tweaks, I really think this place can be fantastic. I've seen quite a few businesses come and go on this particular piece of real estate, but I think Pozo has the right ingredients to be a great win for McKinney Ave. for all other reasons than the epic "charging for chips and salsa" fiasco. But seriously.... Please stop charging for chips and salsa.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,8/1/2013,209,195,5,12,9>Second place on my quest for the best burger in Dallas. Husband (hubby, man piece? sorry, couldn't resist) and I went there for late lunch about 1:45 on Friday. Still a line, but it moved fast. I sometimes need glasses to see far away and couldn't really see the menu on the wall behind the counter and no menus to pass around. I wish I had read the reviews again before I went in. I would've added the grilled jalapenos to my burger. But, ordered the regular cheeseburger with everything on it, along with sharing the cheese fries with my hubby. He had the same, but pink. I like that they ask, "pink, or not pink?" And I like that they kind of watch for you and make sure everyone gets seated in order. The line moves fast and the food comes out pretty fast too. My burger was great. I would've ordered it pink, but sometimes pink is too much on the red side. His was perfect. Both were flavorful and juicy. I ate every bite and the cheese fries were good also. Could've used more japs on it, but still really good, not overdone with cheese and cooked just right. Two burgers, two drinks and cheese fries with bacon and japs on it came to $22. Pretty darn good price, if you ask me. I don't know if it was the best burger I've ever had, but it was pretty darn close. If you've been there, you probably have seen the yelp sticker on the window and the sign about 'not everyone likes us, but who sits around writing restaurant reviews for fun'. I understand when a restaurant sees a bad review and thinks - who do they think they are? But really, probably the only reason I know about Maple and Motor is because of Yelp and the great overall reviews. Love the fact that we have something like Yelp and don't have to rely on one or two restaurant reviewers who we may or may not agree with. I've found some great places through Yelp and Maple and Motor is one of them.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2013,7/31/2013,63,108,3,11,3>I drove past this place a few times and prejudged it to be mediocre based on the location.  It's not the hippest location and is tucked in a suburban area with no other restaurants around other than Babe's Chicken down the street.But the fact that Garland doesn't have any known good sushi places, I felt the place needed some support and gave it a shot.  I came here with a friend on a Saturday evening around 6:30p and it was kind of quiet with not many people (which didn't really concern me because I kind of expected that). We ordered the salmon nigiri, miso soup, shrimp tempura, texas roll and volcano roll to share. The salmon nigiri was surprisingly fresh. Miso soup was mediocre because it was too luke warm. The Shrimp Tempura was really good and battered perfectly. (I really don't know how you can mess up Shrimp Tempura though). The rolls were both good fried rolls and I would like to come back and try some others to get a better opinion. We finished off our dinner with tempura ice cream and it was great! Sprinkles, batter cake, and ice-cream....what's not to like?!With the service I experienced, I give the place 5 stars for service. All the workers there are very friendly and attentive. Our waitress came to check on us about every 15 minutes to refill our waters and clean our table. (I love restaurants that take care of their customers!)I feel like based on the location and that it's new, it's not as packed as some of the other good sushi places in North Dallas or Plano. But with the service and food they provide, I think this place is worthy of trying at least once. It's also really great for families since the vibe is more family oriented than trendy or hip.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/14/2013,7/30/2013,275,242,3,7,5>I've been here twice in one month and want to go back a day after eating there. I'm hooked. Approximately $20 per person for all you can eat and just an additional $2 for the deluxe menu which includes udon noodles, watercress, enoki mushrooms, fish tempura and more. I love both of the broths however, I prefer the spicy broth to be more spicy. I am totally a fan of the food and atmosphere but the service and the bathrooms could use a little attention. Both visits the service was a bit slow and we had to waive down our waiter to get water, plate refills and anything extra. Please, please look at the bathrooms more often. There are so many customers coming in and out of this place, the bathrooms are overrun with paper towels, wet counters and smelly.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2013,7/29/2013,165,290,8,13,9>Holy crap. Just ate the biggest crawfish I've ever had in my life. The crawfish here were mutant jumbo extra large mini-lobsters, never seen anything like it. Tasty Tails is in the Legacy Chinatown Food Court. You can't miss it on your left when you walk in because the smells will draw you towards it. The reason why this place gets 5 stars is because they've been able to cook the crawfish in a way that retains so much juice and flavor inside the heads. (Suck em!) I haven't tasted another place in Dallas that has been able to do that. They have two flavors, Louisiana (which is cooked with your regular crawfish spices) and Cajun Coulis, which is like a garlic butter. We tried Louisiana-style with a side of Cajun Coulis sauce. Best of both worlds. And we were not disappointed. Next time, I think I'm going to try the Cajun Coulis on it's own. And the corn. Sweet sweet corn. Loved the flavoring of the corn. Not only did they use sweet corn, but you could really taste the crawfish seasoning in the corn juice (is that even a thing?). Service is excellent and friendly. We will definitely be back! =)
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2013,7/28/2013,268,77,11,12,10>Shut the front door!!!  This is the full meal deal!  There is nada, nothing, zippo pretentious about this burger or this joint!  It's just finger-licking-good food at a great price in a true burger-joint-back-of-the-woods-food-joint style(not hoytie toytie).  The patio is covered and shaded.   They serve big ole huge cups of fresh made sweet tea or whatever strikes your fancy to drink.  We had the Locals-only burger with "mustard (no-mayo), American cheese, lettuce, diced tomato, smoked bacon" on a regular bun (no need for a specialty bun here) and the 48 hour peppered brisket sandwich on an Italian roll.  We ponied up for a whole grilled jalepeno on each plus fries.  Go ahead.  Brave-up.  Add that whole grilled pepper Texas-style.  The fries were great with a mixed seasoning that must have a touch of sugar in it-yummmm! The burger was seared perfectly on the outside for that just-right crunch and perfectly cooked and dripping juicy, moist and tender on the inside.  No big thick slices of tomato to have to pull off or plate sized pieces of lettuce to interfere with each bite.  Everything was chopped and diced just right.  This burger is the kind of good you used to think only existed at 2 am after a long night of partying in college. The staff was very welcoming, efficient and friendly - Texas-style.  What clenched it for me was the one-two punch of the best baseball cap EVER at a restaurant and a dog friendly patio complete with dog bowls of fresh water.  Golden Nugget - It's just around the corner (literally)  from the design district.  As if I needed another reason to shop!OSK - Where have you been all of our lives?!  LOVE IT!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,7/27/2013,569,258,9,10,8>Frozen yoohoo yeehaws, twisted tang, Boone's farm martini are the reason I love this place.  I took a nice WP who lives in a nice suburban area and had never been here.  The bar was slow that night but it still served up some stiff drinks and was really fun. The bartenders were very friendly and it was fun to step in have some stiff drinks and check the place out.  I wish they had a little more seating outside.  I have a hard time plopping down on the toilet while people are watching.  I know I'm shy like that but oh well maybe after a few drinks who knows what will happen.
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,7/26/2013,3760,1373,28,12,11>I hate the name of this place. I avoided it forever.  Bad mistake.The cake balls here are sickening.$1.75 gets you a mad choice of flavors and at least a reasonable calorie count.I didn't see any nutrition pamphlets laying around, but I did see women of all ages hitting the g-spot with an uncomplicated relationship involving sugar, butter and your choice of flavor : red velvet, lemon,strawberry, chocolate, coconut et al.They don't talk back.  You just devour them.  Unfortunately it doesn't take very long.  Whoopie pies and other deserts.Gift boxes available.  Yes.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,7/25/2013,1812,527,23,15,16>Leslie Brenner's first experience with Yelp was reading a 5 star Dallas Morning Journal pick Tei-An.   She boasted how yelps Elites (which out shine regular reviews being that they are elite status) are pretty much flakey and dishonest...She did'nt straight out say it but in a round about way made us look shabby.  FYI I respect Leslie and her talent.  Ever since the "Social Media Explosion"  Writers get fidgety and  Photographers are offended we the peons are simply stepping on there turf.  For example,  I am a former CEO now stay at home Mom that works part-time flipping burgers. (yes I once ran a 12 million dollar company now I run a grill)  Never attended a photography class (only lectures at the DMA) and never partook in any College writing courses (just won outstanding writing metals in High School) I was contacted through yelp numerous times to cover events and participate in photo gigs, like I said before No Background or business card, they just loved my photography style and 6K pics I uploaded on here.  On another occasion an Editor from a Chicago Blog contacted me asking to write a story for them....Well then another fine example of Not paying for a college creative writing class they just loved my style. I can understand how one must feel, what next the President contacts me wanting to decorate the White House Christmas tree due to a mobile upload I posted on Dillards yelp page displaying my ornaments I purchased from there and offend all those who have the proper credentials.  Yelp is a great tool, infact It's how I found Tei-An and many great others.  I love using it when traveling, and have come across a few witty yelpers and built up an online rapport  with them and learned some secret knocks in cocktail bars.  (way to get into the scene) I have also gained some business contacts.   I also love searching the events pages.  Local people posting things to do! Or browsing lists like "Best Brunch"I understand Leslie's point about yelp and her questions about the filter system.  She would have to take that up with Yelp Headquarters I am not sure of the logistics. To defend my fellow yelper Cat N. I am writing this review.   So here is my rendition of a proper review with a twist of food critic style and yelp swag!Review of Tei-An what you came here to see During My time I spent Living in Cleveland Ohio my first and only thing I enjoyed was a bowl of ramen noodles, Living the life as a self healing lone prairie dog with my tail tucked between my legs and my bowl of ramen walking down the off beaten microwave cooking path of shame and self destruction to not understanding the true dining of Soba noodles.  Soba is Serious and so are my yelp reviews,  A fellow yelper directed me to "Tei-An" when he read my Yelp profile stating my last meal on Earth was a bowl of Ramen Noodles,  So since I came to Dallas and saw what Tei-An had to offer life is no longer mediocre as it once was.  Thanks to an Elite Yelper's review who was a little on edge about the place.  I knew what agitated her, the location was hard to find and so on...(thank you Cat for your darling yelp love & the side notes)  I messaged another yelper because I wanted the down low on the restrooms. One would normally not boast about this sort of thing but it's what us simple real folks need to know.  She told me point blank.  The bathrooms have pulsating heated "Bidet"  I said bidet isn't that our vice president, No silly Mary S. (with underrated yelp elite reviews) it's pronounced "Be-day"  She also stated how it cleanses really well,  Ever been on a date and all ends well except for the toilet paper you did not catch after drinking 3 bottles of Sake!  So as far as the restrooms these are important details a critic might overlook when choosing say for an example impressive "dingleberry" free date night!  Well the food was superb I could talk about it but I really don't remember because of the sake, I did post a shit load of pics so just view them, they are simply average mostly iphone pictures edited by a Camera+ app.  I heard from a real reviewer they have a roof top patio and would love to check that out one day, but honestly I could just visit a friend in the One Arts Plaza order food to go enjoy the scene off her one, two or three balconies  and shoot off bottle rockets towards Tei-An (to direct all customers  using GPS having trouble finding the place)  while downing 2 bottles of (not marked up) red. The bottom line this is an overly bleak plot,  you are choosing a place to eat, not planning an intense Wedding or Gala.    I like to view it from all angels.  I enjoyed reading every moment of Leslie Brenners rendition, and Cat N. from yelp was informative in a no inhibition way.  She pointed out things a professional reviewer may have not waisted his or her time on.  Yelp is a diverse and fun community so you kind of consider the source when overlooking all reviews.  Leslie next yelp event be my  +1
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2013,7/24/2013,221,177,1,6,6>The Cedar Social is that certain type of lounge / restaurant that comes along and takes you by surprise. The menu sets out to balance that fine line between comfort food and haute cuisine. For some items it works and works well. The truffle mac and cheese is top notch. The short rib tacos are very good; big on flavor, but a little messy to eat due to flimsy corn tortillas. Still very good though. The Misto Fristo is stack of fried shell fish that my wife says was good, but a little greasy. We were comped devil eggs that were traditional, but good.  The menu is appealing overall and I want to try more. And I will. Prices are moderate to pricey. The drink menu is the star attraction here. I had a Sazerac and my wife the number 4; a gin based drink with notes of cardamom and pepper.Service was excellent. We never waited for anything.The atmosphere is loungy. The place puts out a polished retro hip vibe that is infectious. I really like this place and where it's located. I'll be back on a different night to try other things on the menu and see if that vibe is a constant. I hope that it is, cuz the Cedar Social is cool, really.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2013,7/23/2013,207,160,3,10,7>I actually like this place more than the four stars I am giving it. This is one of those unique places we have here in Dallas/Ft Worth. Sure there are other Caribbean restaurants and yes we are in the land of Tex/Mex but this is the only Puerto Rican restaurant here. The humble but very cute interior reminds me of the mom and pop restaurants you would find in rural Puerto Rico. The basic tables are covered with unremarkable table clothes but have cute dinning mats with a map of the island printed on them. The chairs are plastic and are what you would find in use at someones back yard. However the chairs go perfectly with the feel of place, because the staff make you feel like you came over to their house for lunch or dinner. This is clearly a family run place so you get the good and bad that comes with that. Sometimes they close early and their menu sometimes changes. You can like their face book page where they daily list their menu and tell you when fresh pan sobao (Puerto Rican Bread)  is ready. Their pan sobao is awesome and is a must try! They don't always have it because they sell out. What I liked:*Pollo Guizado (stewed chicken) was so yummy and melts in your mouth. *Carne Guizada is just as good only it is beef. *Pernil (pork) with arroz con gandulez (yellow rice) and Habichuelas (beans) is sooo good. Puerto Rican Beans are NOT called frijoles they are Habichuelas. What I didn't like:The Mofongo (Mashd Plantains) and the Carne frita (fried pork tips). I actually like this dish but I didn't like it from here. It was way too dry. Also the prices are a little high. Each plate is 8-12 bucks a piece, but the portion size is pretty good. When they get a lot of customers they can get overwhelmed and this will affect your wait time for food and food options. These negatives take a star away.Above all else you must try the pan sobao. That in itself is reason to come here. It is $3 a pound and money well spent. The juego de parcha (Passion fruit juice) is so good and reminds me of my visits to the island.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2013,7/22/2013,311,187,9,10,7>I don't always eat fast food, but when I do it's China Express (and chick-fil-a). Seriously, I'm not a fan of fast food because it's greasy and unhealthy. I love my stomach too much to give it that kind of abuse. This place is one of the few exceptions I'm willing to make. I stop by here every time I go visit my friend in DeSoto. It's family owned by these sweet Korean people. They were always so friendly to us and treat us like family, much like you would find in the more romantic K-Dramas. I guess it's rare to see Asians in DeSoto, so that's why they were so excited when we walked in. I actually find that its rare to see Asians running Chinese fast food restaurants, so we were pretty excited too. The food definitely didn't disappoint. Everything we tried was so delicious, hot and satisfying. Seriously, it's better than a lot of the actual Chinese restaurants in Dallas. The portions were huge and very reasonably priced. Not only do they make good Chinese food, they have pretty awesome Korean food too. My favorite was the bulgogi cabbage wrap. I have never seen this anywhere before, including Korean's restaurant.  In relation to other fast food restaurants, this one is definitely worthy of a 5 star rating (which says a lot since I only gave Chick Fil A 4 stars).  This place is located in a sketchy area, but really sometimes you have to fight for your food. Definitely it's the best Chinese food in DeSoto/Duncanville area, and some of the best Chinese fast food in the DFW.Tips:   -Only open for dinner   -Close on Sunday (and so does chick-fil-a, God doesn't want me to eat fast food on Sunday)   -Try both the Korean and Chinese menu  *A message for China Express management,      Please move to Dallas so I don't have to drive so far for your food. Thank you!!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,7/21/2013,66,117,4,8,4>I visited Riviera Spa a few weeks ago to get my very first Swedish massage. When I arrived at the Spa, I was greeted nicely by Sandy (the masseuse) and she took me over to the private room. I was quite nervous of being tickled to death given that I get easily tickled, but she made me feel at ease and infact she did not trigger my tickle bone one time during my whole 60 mins I was there.  She is extremely good at what she does and by the time she finished I was fast asleep.  She had to wake me up at the end of the session to have me get up and go. I almost wish I could keep sleeping without being interrupted to wake up but I know they are not in the business to provide me a place to sleep.  The type of massage I received typically costs around $90 per 60 mins + tip assuming no promotions or sales are applied.  It is a bit pricey from what I am told by my friends, but the place is very clean and refreshing. I would definitely recommend this place based on my experience here or it can also serve as a good gift to give someone as well.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,7/19/2013,197,107,4,11,6>My daughter wanted a haircut and we needed to go somewhere close, so we ended up here. It had recently opened and is in the same shopping center as Einstein Bagels and Chipotle (which has not yet opened). While I was waiting for my daughter, the owner Rhonda, came up to me and introduced herself.  She is very sweet and personable. I like the fact that she is a Murphy resident herself.  She introduced herself to every customer that walked in the door and gave the same warm welcome I received. My daughter was very happy with her trim and layers.  Her stylist, Taylar, took her time on her hair and made sure she was happy with her cut. They gave her free product samples to try out. We had such a great experience that we will be coming back.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,7/18/2013,307,595,5,8,5>This place is day and night compared to the crappy Ulta I went to on Macarthur. Even though the other one is closer; I will never go there again and instead drive farther just to come here. Directions were clear, parking was plentiful, I walk in and instantly greeted, the store was clean and straight forward, fully stocked. The item that was on sale for the 21 days of beauty was right in front as I walked in and upon browsing there were more stocked in it's normal location :-D I found EXACTLY what I was looking for, didn't have to fight anyone for it and I also found a ton of other stuff I liked too! The cashier was super nice and fast; she even complimented me on my lipstick shade which happened to match my skirt. Great customer service. So worth the drive!
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2013,7/17/2013,132,160,3,6,4>I'm so glad that Dallas finally has legit coffeeshops -- places where you can actually sit and enjoy coffee / read a book / not have music or the sound of grinding blasted in your ears. You can order coffee at the front, which are your typical espresso, drip coffee, and french press, or you can order "slow pour" coffee in the back. The slow pour is a little pricier, so being as cheap as I am I did not try it. What's wrong with just a drip, black coffee? They've also got some 7 or 8 good beers on tap. From what I can remember: revolver and deep ellum. They gotta get on that Peticolas train!Somewhat dark interior, but large windows upfront. They play decent music that isn't too loud, and there's a quieter room in the back where most people were just doing work on laptops or whatever. On top of things with a vinyl record player, but it wasn't playing off of it when I was there. Great place!
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,7/16/2013,177,158,5,14,6>I love lizard loungeI have been coming here for years and it's always a fun filled, zero drama night. The club itself is quite pretty with two dance floors. The main room is two levels (the top floor balcony being often reserved for VIP tickets for dj event nights) and a back room where you'll usually find the resident Djs. It's not always open but there is also a side open air patio and a roof patio.They attract big name Djs and that's usually when we visit....like I said its always fun friendly atmosphere.I have to state that lizard lounge is really young..l I mean really young and the crowd is certainly the techno/electronic/house crew..furry boots, glow sticks and more often than not very skimpy outfits of bikini tops and club wear.The sound system is fantastic and there is a reason this club has managed to stay alive over all these years!!!
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,7/15/2013,234,122,6,10,9>Wow Love! You got all fancy! I knew the upgrades were coming as I saw the construction, reroutes and progress over the last few months. I took a vacation and haven't flown for business out of Love in the last few weeks. I'm walking through and seeing so many new options. Cru wine bar (also has coffee in the AM), Dunkin Donuts, Cool River, an Art Gallery, even a women's clothing store. Nice new look. I love it as will everyone else who flies into Dallas Love. Great job! And the best news yet... There will be international flights out of Love coming soon. I can't wait to see which cities will be offered.
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,7/14/2013,62,77,7,10,8>Any place that serves a Vietnamese/Doritos fusion dish is not trying mimic the tastes & textures from the homeland - their focus is to deliver dishes packed with flavor, fresh ingredients and whimsy.  And they suceed in that endeavor.  DaLat is a GREAT new take on traditional Vietnamese cuisine!We started with the DaLat roll - an egg roll inside a spring roll - a perfect way to start the meal! Fresh AND fried called to this french fry lovers palate.  The Pho Bo was next.  The broth was salty and savory; with the additions from the condiment bar made for a tasty bowl of goodness.  The quality of meat was the best of any Vietnamese joint in Dallas.  Next time we're going to try the KHANHwiches and bun moc.  And the spam musabo.  And the dorito-viche.  And, and, and.Although it is exceptionally popular with the late night crowd, the weeknight dinnertime crowd was also robust.  We sipped on several imported Vietnamese beers BEFORE sampling their great cocktails:  crushed olives and vodka over ice, tangy TANG beverages, the vietnamese iced coffee with vodka.  Seriously delicious.  Then, oh then, there's the Dragon shot:  sweet, savory, spicy, *tequilla* , smooth, spicy, citrus, heaven.  HEAVEN.   Its a must-try. So awesome that we almost had to stay for a second round of pho to sober up.  And while we were dining we saw chefs, well-known bartenders & GMs from ALL over the most-famed restaurants in Dallas.  And that's when it was confirmed for the 7th time that evening:  DaLat has really, really, really good food.
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,7/13/2013,384,355,7,18,6>Although the Tan Bar is more expensive than Versa or Mystic, the before, during, and after is ten times better!  I don't splurge on girly things too frequently but I definitely was going to pay more to look good in my engagement pics and during my wedding week in Mexico.I emailed the Tan Bar, because it's much easier to do from my work computer than calling to make appointments during work hours. They responded very quickly and were very thorough with the information they gave.  They listened to my needs and came up with a plan for me.For my wedding, I needed to tan on a Tuesday because I was leaving to Mexico on Wednesday and was going to be in the pool, ocean, and sun constantly applying suntan lotion for 3 full days before my actual wedding.  Terry really considered these circumstances to come up with a formula for my tan.  We agreed to go a little darker than I wanted for the wedding because it was obviously going to fade in those conditions.  He gave me written instruction on taking care of the tan (for example, use only oil free suntan lotion, don't scrub in the shower, use transparent shower gels, etc.)  By the day of the wedding, my tan looked exactly how I wanted it to and very natural!During the spray tan process, Terry walks you through the steps.  He tells you initially he has, "seen a million different birthday suits and is gayer than gay."  You strip down but can wear the paper thong if you feel uncomfortable in the nude.  He airbrushes you by hand and can even provide contouring if you want to emphasize your abs or calves.  If you weren't able to exfoliate beforehand, he can spray you with an exfoliating spray for a small up-charge. After the airbrushing, he uses a makeup brush to blend the different areas and tells you if you feel uncomfortable to let him know.Terry is a class act all the way.  He should teach classes on customer service!  This is one of the best services I have ever received and I will continue to come back for all my special occasion tanning needs. :)
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/12/2013,325,161,14,19,17>Pssssst what's the password.Prohibition brought to America many things, gangsters, cocktails, and the speakeasy. Hidden next to Sur La Table behind a grey door with no sign is a modern day speakeasy, Smyth Bar. Walk in through a labyrinth of zebra striped walls and into a dark swanky bar that James Bond would easily feel right at home at. Choose either one of the five half moon sofa booths with shag carpet floors or the back room full of sofa chairs and side tables. We sat at the corner booth and a cocktail sommelier genius of sorts named Omar came to our table. With just a few questions he was able to suggest some wonderful concoctions of preprohibition deliciousness. Our favorites were The Old Fashion, Sazerac, The Dick Francis Special, Westside and the Vesper Martini. Good God in heaven they were delicious! After three (of each, just kidding) we were all undone, but sadly could not get a bite as they have not opened the restaurant portion. We had to go to grab a bite, but we will return very soon!To be enjoyed shaken not stired.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,7/11/2013,259,574,1,10,4>Yum! I've only been to Kitt's once as their lunch only hours (at this time) don't give me much opportunity to get over there (and they just opened last week), but I'm sure I'll be back.First off - They serve their sandwiches on cornbread (as the name states) - but its not crumbly like most cornbreads I've had - it actually stays together so you can eat it like a sandwich. I wasn't sure how I was going to feel about this, but it was pretty tasty!I ordered the Sicilian (pastrami and provolone) with the chicken and dumplings soup. Hubs ordered the redneck (fried bologna and American cheese) with Frito pie and the broccoli salad. They offer regular, jalapeno or broccoli cornbread, but we both opted for the regular. The food was delicious. My chicken and dumpling soup was fantastic - I'd of liked it to be a little hotter (it was warm, but just barely - they did mention it was a fresh pot of soup so maybe it just hadn't gotten as hot as it normally would be), but the flavor was great. My sandwich was really tasty as well - not a huge sandwich, but I certainly didn't leave hungry. I did order my sandwich with mustard and it came w mustard and mayo, but it didn't bother me. Hubs Frito pie was really hearty and had good flavor as well. His sandwich was tasty as well, but he ordered "all the way" and they forgot his onion and tomato so I think they might be working out the kinks when it comes to getting the "special" orders just right but they did JUST open this week so I'm letting it slide. I'm also sure if we had mentioned the mix ups they would have resolved and apologized, but they weren't a big enough deal to bother for us.I finished with a slice of coconut buttermilk pie and it was good - really really sweet. They have a display case with all the pies in it and there were so many that looked good I'm sure I'll try a different one next time.Give it a shot! It's something different than your standard sandwich place.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,7/10/2013,462,279,7,19,8>I can't believe this little gem has been hiding in my backyard and I'm just now finding it!  This is a fantastic thrift store that is well organized, very fairly priced, staffed by friendly ladies that actually know what their items are worth and is full of absolutely anything and everything.They were having a sale on furniture items the day I visited (20% off) so my damn near brand new $20 bathroom cabinet was only $16.  Not bad for something that I would've paid at least $60 for at Target.  Throw in a porcelain coated cast iron tea kettle for $10 (The Google says similar items start at $50) and I scored big and felt like a bargain hunting expert.  I'm assuming they rotate sale days for different departments but that's just an assumption.  Trust me, I'll be coming back to test that theory.There are tons of clothing items but I was really impressed with their selection of household items and furniture.  They also guarantee their electronic items, unlike many other thrift stores that sell as is and offer no returns for broken items.  This is my new go-to store for decorating my new house on a tight budget.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,7/9/2013,491,214,9,13,8>I will start out with a warning: these bad boys are massive in size. Good luck getting it all in your mouth! (That's what she said.)I have had a few of their sandwiches - Cuban, goat cheese, veggie bun mi, and shredded beef...all with their fries and jalapeno or habanero ranch (I can't tell the difference).  & guess what?  I LOVED THEM ALL! My fave is definitely the Cuban, although it is not an authentic Cuban sandwich (keep that in mind).These bad boys are SO BIG that I can only take so much during lunch, sit in pain afterwards,  and attempt to have the rest of that big boy later...mmmmm!You can order bottled beer/cider here as well, which I have done on a couple of occasions when I wasn't on a work lunch.  The only thing I SOMETIMES dislike is the deep ellum parking sitch.  Screw it, it's totally worth these sandwiches!
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,7/8/2013,187,236,16,8,6>My friend brought me here for a drink, and it ended up becoming dinner. I asked him what he recommended since he's been here several times, and he said the bone marrow was amazing."Look," I told him, "that sounds disgusting, and I'm Chinese, so that's saying something."He insisted. It came with a dainty little fork to scrape out the marrow and spread it on bread. It tasted like meat-flavored butter with lemon, had the rubbery texture of watery jello, and was the gray color of crushed children's wishes. I let him have the rest and ordered baby back ribs. MUCH better. I loved the orange/ginger glaze and the creamy potato salad it came with.If you like bone marrow, or want to try something new, you should definitely order it. I liked it, but I couldn't get past the thought of cooked white blood cells floating around in my mouth. Maybe I'm just not courageous enough. Or German.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,7/7/2013,2651,100,16,23,20>The BBQ here is amazing, more on the meat side than the sauces.  Before you enter, there is a large pit grill with all kinds of west Texas meats grilling.  Love the smell, reminds me of childhood family reunions out in west Texas.  Yes, they already had my attention!  My friend picked out a lamb chop; it was hug and then had the grill master dunk it in hot butter.  My friend is super paleo, so that move surprised me.  I tried the hot link, brisket, a few ribs and a jalapeno popper.  The ribs were where the meat was falling off the bone.  The brisket was tender and full of flavor, nicely done!  The hot link had just the right kick!  Flat out love the jalapeno popper, Wow!The jalapeno cream corn and the beans were unbelievable.  I was in heaven, everything tasted great!  Love the atmosphere here as well.  A taste of country brought to the big city!  Can't wait to go back!
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2013,7/6/2013,226,292,1,11,7>After ogling photo after delicious photo of plates from Driftwood, I finally got to experience it for myself recently, and I was blown away.The restaurant itself is on the small side, but with only 48 seats we never felt cramped. The atmosphere is inviting and comfortable and our server, Hector, was wonderful.We started off the meal with a proper cocktail. I ordered the Cocktail a'la Louisiane which had rye, benedictine, vermouth, orange and bitters. I'm a rye guy so this was a perfect start to the evening. We had the Japanese Hamachi for an appetizer, and it was the perfect small bite. The combination of the tuna, pine nuts, blood orange and fennel pollen was terrific. For a main, I had the chargrilled octopus - super tender octopus and the smoked tomato vinaigrette was just as great. If you want to add a side to your dinner, I'd highly recommend the Brussels Sprouts because it comes cooked with pork belly, and pork belly makes everything better.We wrapped up with the Strawberry Buckle for dessert and a glass of the Walker Bay Sauvignon Blanc. It was a perfect sweet end to the meal and the wine was a great suggestion by our server - dry with just a hint of sweet so it wasn't overwhelming with dessert. Aside from the amazing food, the service was just as spectacular. I can't wait for a return trip and would highly recommend Driftwood to anyone.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,7/5/2013,608,438,12,12,12>I'm always tempted to get the chicken here, but end up ordering the kimbap.  20 pieces for around 4 bucks?  Can't beat that!  In a hurry?  No worries.  They have prepacked kimbap that you can order for take out.One small complaint.  I wish the people behind the counter would smile more.  They're not very happy, but seeing how it is that I'm basically robbing them every time I get the kimbap I guess I understand.  If you're in the food court inside of H-Mart you should definitely check them out!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2013,7/4/2013,29,58,2,9,5>The Hospitality Sweet, nestled in a bright, sunny corner of the newly-renovated Post Office building on Ervay, is a welcome addition to the downtown coffee landscape. The first thing you'll notice is the completely open kitchen, kept spotless (the whole place is as clean as an operating theatre). The location seems like it was made for the store, everything is in its proper place. Decor includes fresh flowers and lots of marble.I was helped by two friendly staff members, both of whom were pleasant and quick with recommendations. Everyone was quiet as they went about their work, obviously intent on doing their best.I came here for coffee, but I was so tempted by the display, I got a half-dozen treats, all of which were fresh and delicious. Try the Cardamom one, it was our favorite. My coffee was prepared with great care, and was reasonably priced.A great deal of thought and effort went into this business and it really shows.If you like Dean and Deluca, you'll love The Hospitality Sweet!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,7/3/2013,78,209,4,6,3>One of my go to spots in State Thomas.  A lot of times I don't like dealing with the college crowd on Mckinney and want something more relaxing, so I head to The Alcove.  The bartender Luis is a very cool guy, he always keeps the drinks coming.  They have a great selection of wine and beer at an affordable price.  If you are a single guy, drop by and hangout outside, it is an easy way to meet chicks.  My gf will def not like ^ comment.  Prices are pretty good here and the atmosphere is very relaxing.  I like watching sports events here on their giant screen.  I have been staying away from Mckinney lately, the crowd has gotten a little obnoxious.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2013,7/2/2013,232,63,9,10,10>You know what? I dream of sushi, Jiro and I have that in common. While I don't always dream of sushi, when I do, it is not of BBQ bacon cheeseburger rolls or portabella mushroom goat cheese rolls, oh no. It is of yellowtail, tuna and octopus sashimi so fresh that it tastes like it just came out of the ocean. It is of Bluefin Toro that melts in your mouth like a cloud probably would. It is of sweet shrimp, sea urchin and eel. These are my sushi dreams and Yutaka makes these dreams come true. Every time we have been here the food has been very fresh and always delicious. Sure they have some rolls but they are the standard type and not all of the crazy Americanized ones that are so commonplace at other "sushi" restaurants.  It is a pretty small space and it can get crowded but the atmosphere is nice and the service has always been great for us. Do yourself a favor next time you want Japanese food and try the real deal at Yutaka. Who knows, maybe you too will begin to dream of sushi.
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,7/1/2013,116,201,3,9,5>I love BW's! I came to this location for the first time for Sunday brunch. I was expecting a 30+ minute wait per my experiences in Uptown, so imagine my SHOCK when I was told that it would be a 5-10 minute wait...and then asked if that was OK.  Um, can I wait ten minutes for a delicious brunch while I stare at their cases of delicious sweets?! No problem!The hubs and I met another couple here after church and everyone enjoyed the food!  The service was fast and friendly, keeping our waters filled throughout the meal. Potatoes ordered extra crispy came out to perfection! The hubs nearly ordered the breakfast burrito. We saw that thing come out to a table near us and it was huge. Good thing he passed but also good to know we can split it next time!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,6/30/2013,159,188,,6,6>Great draught and general beer selection (duh!)I'm a sucker for the UFO club and keep the class night (especially Valentine's, turkey of the year & Christmas).I would probably never have written a review even after being probably 100 times...until today (3/1).  I just had THE BEST service I can remember in a while.  (Probably since last having dinner at Gary Danko in SF...which is not really the same ball of wax.). Crystal was my waitress & she was kind, pleasant, efficient & went above & beyond.  She let me know about the Texas Independence Day glass special...checked on me...asked if I would like her to rinse the glass...used my name (from the UFO membership I presume)...got my name right...let me know about the lunch punch card...  I tipped accordingly to what I thought was excellent service & she even came back and asked if I needed change.  What a gem!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,6/29/2013,52,285,2,10,6>On Monday night I was pleased to order delivery with a special request for the driver to pick up a 2-liter Coke Zero for me at CVS in exchange for my paying him the cost plus an extra $4 tip on top of the existing 15%. Not only did he get me my coke, but he ALSO got it all to me in 39 minutes on a 45-60 minute estimate.It was so good that I ordered again tonight. This time they got it to me in 24 minutes.This makes 1 pick-up and 2 deliveries, all with prompt service and great good quality.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,6/28/2013,114,195,5,4,5>California knows how to coffee! Is that how Tupac's song goes? So, sometimes, I go visit California and stop by Coffee Bean and Tea Leaf to get their Chai Latte and then sometime last year, I discovered Matcha Latte. I'm not a latte elitist by any means, i'm just a girl, trying to walk away from my Keurig, husband's grinder and french press and find something that I can't make from home. I'm a green tea lover and I love green tea kit kats. Here is the closest thing I'll have for green tea kit kats, the CBTL Matcha Latte. First, buyer beware, if you're looking at your waistline..this isn't for you. it's at least 410 calories so make sure to treat your calories like a bank account. Overall, Starbucks lovers.. walk this way because I think CBTL is better than Starbucks...sorry Starby. I just really like the variety at CBTL and the barista's don't judge me.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,6/27/2013,203,237,4,7,8>No doubt one of the best Yelp events I've been to!  Loved the derby theme and the venue was perfect for it.  It was great to see so many people get dressed up in their derby best!  Big hats and bow-ties galore.  Fancy!There was an abundance of delicious food from all the participating restaurants and plenty of cocktails to wash it all down.  My favorites were Nonna's stuff peppers, the Village Country Club's chicken/pepper/cheese wrapped in bacon, Samosa hut's Tikka Masala, and the gin sour.  If the food and drinks weren't enough, I also got my shoes shined by The Gent's Place, took a picture with Widowmaker's horse, and smoked a hand-rolled cigar from House of Cigars.  And I didn't even get around to the Crockett, photo booth, casino, or massage.Awesome job and many thanks for organizing go out to Heli and Yelp staff!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,6/26/2013,608,886,4,9,5>Ok - I have to look past the prices on the menu and really think about the flavor of the each dish here.  If it weren't for the delicious broth and perfectly cooked noodles, I wouldn't come back because pho prices should not be this expensive.  But it's worth it here no doubt!  I love the chicken pho and beef pho because they give you so much meat and noodles, and their broth is cooked with so much flavor.  The veggies are fresh and crisp and I love that they give you so much!  Their spring rolls are also really delicious and I like the sauce: it's not your regular boring peanut sauce, but they add some hot sauce to give it a kick.  They keep their restaurant very clean and tidy, not to mention the bathroom is very well kept as well.  Friendly service as always and I'll definitely be back 'pho' more! :)
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,6/25/2013,2766,161,11,21,17>Uh, yeah VERY delicious family Italian food.  I'm so glad to be finding these little Italian gems around town... This one is in the Lake Highlands area (my old teenaged stomping ground).Ambience is a little dark at night, like a bar that also has a restaurant than the other way around. I didn't mind though. The menu is what you would expect for Family Italian.  Good selection of standards. Casual ambience, food prepared and presented nicely and simply.My thing is to try the eggplant parmesan which was very good.  The rest of the table seemed to enjoy everything ordered as well.  We rolled out of there in a carbohydrate-induced total satisfaction high.Excellent made-there fresh fried cheese!
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2012,6/24/2013,132,558,17,13,11>WARNING: Eating the Hog Wings could make you smack a random stranger... they are THAT good. I ordered them during a Yelpy party and was like HOT DAMN, pound my feet on the floor, STFU! Now mind you... this was a couple of Jameson on the rocks later... pallet prime for flavor... but DAMN. We came in a large group and the service was great. She was totally Johnny on the spot with anything we needed. I like the warm interior of this place, but its a classy warm, not daunting dramatic dark kinda dark... Beers on tap, top shelf sips, tasty as hell food... what exactly am I missing? Um, nothing, that's what!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2013,6/23/2013,61,172,2,4,3>I don't know why I have not written a review on one of my favorite Dallas attractions! I love coming here for a variety of performances (usually musicals and plays). I am excited to go to an opera there in the spring. There is no bad seat in this house as the view is wonderful from every location. It may be a little far in the very top, but I have never had a pillar in my way or really struggled to see over another person's head. The sound is always perfecto too. The theater is gorgeous as is the lobby. The royal red adds refined elegance to an architectural beauty. It is part of an Arts District that is moving up in the ranks of US society (watch out Chicago!). Christmas time is a must when the trees are decorated all around the building. If you have a friend with a Lexus, go with them. Premiere parking for all Lexus drivers! Dude, where's your Lexus!?
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2013,6/22/2013,236,272,7,10,7>Leave it to me to wait until the very last day of the year to use my Groupon for King Spa! In all fairness, I was voted "Most Likely To Procrastinate" in my middle school class. I got off work at 12:30 on Monday, and made my way in the cold ass rain to get my relax on. The spa is definitely in a sketchy part of town (over near Royal and Hwy 35), but it is quite easy to find. I pulled into the lot, and noticed that apparently I was not the only person whose bright idea it was to visit on December 31st. It was PACKED. I found a spot, checked in, and went to the locker room area. I will repeat (because it hasn't been said enough already), be ready to leave your modesty at the door. Your shoes have to come off before you enter the facility, and ALL the rest has to come off before you can enter the shower, wet sauna, and hot tub areas. No ifs, ands, or buts. (Well, there are butts...badum ching!) I loved that there were various hot tubs, all with different temperatures to suit your tastes. There is even a cold pool for people who aren't chicken. After you get your fill of the spa, grab a uniform (provided for you) and explore the relaxation rooms. I nearly fell asleep in the infrared room. Most of them are heated, so be prepared to sweat a bit. And you cannot have a full experience until you have entered the Fire Sudatorium. I must have sweated out a month's worth of toxins in two go-rounds in that room. The Ice Room is a must right after, to cool off and tighten those pores! Drink LOTS of water while you are doing all this, or you WILL dehydrate. I definitely plan on going back again, and hopefully spending a whole day there. It's open 24 hours, so you could even spend the night if you wanted to. I have to admit I was not as relaxed as I could have been. Since it was busy, there were lots of people talking in rooms that were supposed to be quiet areas, and there was not enough staff there to enforce the rules so that everyone could have an enjoyable experience. I'm attached to my cell phone, but even I left that damn thing in my locker while I was there. I was amazed to see people playing on their phones in the relaxation rooms. Kind of defeats the purpose, if you ask me! Still, the King Spa has gained a new fan, and I can't wait to return!
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2013,6/21/2013,52,225,3,5,3>This is a relatively new place in a remodeled Jack-in-the-box building.They have an unusual set-up with a counter/bar at the back of the building where you can sit  on two sides (bar) and order on the third side (counter).So you order at the counter and then have the food brought to you.But who care about what it looks like, what about the food?We tried a few things from the menu, starting with the flying buffalo (wings), chicken bitez (nuggets) for the kids, the chunk bowl (basically a wedge salad), the bluez bruized burger (burger with bacon, topped with blue cheese) and the buffalo in the hen house (burger with bacon and an over-easy egg). We chose a side of fries and a side of onion rings as well.We got it to go, so I can't comment much on service or drinks other than that we maybe waited 10 minutes for our order and all of it seemed fresh.The wings were actually really good, tossed in a nice buffalo sauce (even some peppers were left in the sauce), which was tangy and spicy, but not too spicy. The blue cheese dip I got with it was pretty decent too.The only complaint I have about the wings is that for $5 4 wings is not enough, even though they were a decent size. Add two more and I'll be happily ordering it again.The nuggets for the kids were on the other hand a huge portion with about 10 good sized chunks of white meat, breaded (looked house-made, not the usual store bought stuff) and they were pretty good as well.The salad was gone pretty fast, so my wife must have liked it and the size was pretty decent as well.As for the burgers, my wife really liked hers and mine was ok, too. The burger was thin, but not dry. Mine could have used some dressing aside from the blue cheese, but I guess that's a mater of taste.Finally, the fries tasted good (looked individually cut), but they were a little limp for my taste. The onion rings on the other hand were great.It seemed like they were sauteed slightly before they were battered and fried and the batter was almost tempura-like. I even ate them without any ketchup, I liked them so much.Altogether a nice addition to the neighborhood and definitely not your run-of-the-mill place.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,6/20/2013,130,137,3,7,7>I always forget about the gem that is practically in my background!  Last week my running buds and I were looking for a place to carb up before the Dallas Marathon...since we all had to be in bed early to prepare for our early wake up call, I suggested Cremona since it was close by.  It was a perfect evening...not too cold, not to hot so we chose to sit outside on the patio which had some interesting Italian opera music playing quite loudly.  Our waitress greeted us quickly, offered to turn down the Italian jams, and the 4 of us all decided we wanted a glass of the house cab...she suggested we get a carafe since it would be cheaper and we would get about the same, if not more wine.  Sold!  She also brought us each 2 pieces of bread which we scarfed down pretty fast and she brought out a 2nd round without asking (don't judge we were running the next day!).  I carefully studied the menu because I always seem to get major food envy over my friend's food when ordering Italian.  I ended up ordering the baked ravioli.  We were all pleasantly surprised that our meal included a house salad!  I got mine with the creamy Italian dressing.  The food came out just as we were finishing up or salads...there was a minor issue with one of my friend's order (they gave her a more "fancy" dish than what she ordered, but only charged her for the regular version) but our waitress was super cool about it.  My baked ravioli was a dream come true!  I didn't dare covet thy neighbor's dish that night!  It was marinara and a cream sauce mixed with meat and the raviolis were filled with ricotta.  It will be hard to return to Cremona and NOT order that dish.  My favorite part was that it had an abundance of sauce...and you better believe I sopped it all up with more bread!  Cremona is a great find, and overlooked in uptown.  I plan to make it my pre-race ritual for future runs!  I also think this would be a cute place for a date - the inside looked really cozy!
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,6/18/2013,165,220,2,6,4>One Sunday, I didn't feel like cooking and I remembered this place right next to Aldi Food Market.  I looked up the menu and called in my order ahead of time.  By the time I finished shopping it was ready for pick-up.  The restaurant is decorated in ecletic ocean and fish memorabilia and is comfortable.  It doesn't stick of fish grease, which is always a plus.  You order or pick up from the counter and my order was ready.  They included my request for extra tartar sauce too.  My catfish and buffalo wings (pretty spicy!) were good and Hubby's catfish and shrimp were good for him.  Portions are pretty good and it was all still hot on eth way home.  We ordered everything fried but they also offer grilled items as well.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,6/17/2013,101,98,,8,5>It pains me to write a five-star review. But as I am saving and salivating every bite of this tiny piece of Skate leftover while writing this, I'm afraid Spoon is getting all five stars. Atmosphere was very nice- very Highland Park.  Perfect for a dressy date night or a nice girls night out.  The bar welcomes you upon entering, with the bartender giving you an ipad listing all the drinks available (cannot order from it).  Not that many interesting cocktails.  Was a little disappointed when I asked the bartender to make me something vodka based, not too sweet and he made me a "vodka soda with lemon"... no comment there. Sat in the small area behind the main dining with about 6 bar seats lined up to the kitchen where you can watch the chefs (and the real John Tesar) in action.  I think these seats are for prix-fix diners only. we sat awkwardly in the only one-sided 2-seater booth behind the bar seats. I say best seat in the house.I was nervous before we came- No prices on the menu online.  This is going to be painful... and yes it was pretty painful. You'll average about $100 per person with a drink before taxes/tip? Ok ok onto the food. Did not like the prix-fix menu for $120pp so decided to order separately. Amuse bouche was a tuna tar tar in a curry cone. BEST Amuse Bouche Ever! The cone was perfectly seasoned and filled..overflowing with fresh tuna.. (sorry.. no chocolate ending at the end of the cone). Next, we got 3 each of the Raw Oysters.  Kumamoto and a special from Seattle/Canada. Very fresh. ($2.50/$3 each I think?)Appetizers we got: 1) Singapore Style chili Lobster & Texas Toast because of all the raves on Yelp.  Same as everyone has said - well cooked. I usually don't like lobster, but this was pretty good. Nothing like the singaporean chili crab if anyone is wondering. soup was good for dipping.2) Raw Surf & Turf: Steak Tar Tar + raw scallops.  -- was totally wowed by this dish.  I've had steak tar tar at many places and this was the first time I've seen it paired with scallop. Delicious!! The freshness of the scallops lightened up the steak, and I couldn't taste the "raw meaty-ness" at all3) I usually LOVE love love uni.  I dream about Tei Tei's Flounder wrapped Uni. We had some Uni over potato foam dish here and was extremely UNDER-whelmed. Not enough uni, too much foamy potatoes. Entrees:1) Squid pasta with bacon and caviar- this dish was not what I was expecting.  Thought the pasta would be made from squid, but I think it was purely just pasta made into slimy sorta crunchy white shreds that tasted a little like squid. Add a few strips of bacon and barely any caviar. Flavor was good, but probably wouldn't get again.2) Skate fish- great fish dish.  2 Thin fillets of white fish, pan seared to perfection-  Crunchy outer layer with a soft tender inside.  I only wish I could do this at home. Topped with pineapple salsa over a bed of polenta or mashed potatoes (something mushy can't remember) Stuffed to say the least, so did not order dessert.  But they did bring out a couple tiny tiny macarons and a peppermint thing with their logo on it. Good ending to the meal.  But I have to say My best ending was taking a picture with sweaty John Tesar! And of course-- with his glasses sitting on his forehead (we tried that at home.. and impossible I say).All-in-all a great time. Glad I've found one of my new favorite restaurants in Dallas!
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,6/16/2013,320,520,1,10,6>When I first saw the construction taking place at this location and saw the green and purple decor with "Salata" on the sign, I was so excited to see a Salata coming into the neighborhood, that I couldn't help myself.  I used to eat at the Salata in Plano all the time and always wished that there was one in uptown.  Well, the wait is over!  Today, the Salata in uptown opened and it was better than ever.  As you walk into the super clean restaurant, you will quickly see why this place is so good.  They have so many different ingredients to go within your four different types of salad, and it tastes just as fresh as it all looks.I love that their fat free tomato dressing doesn't taste fat free.  It is so delicious and totally compliments all of the great wonders I like to put in my salad.  Just to name some of the unlimited ingredients I like to partake in: spinach, mixed greens, peas, corn, beets, cucumber, broccoli, cauliflower, tomatoes, black beans, bean sprouts, grapes, apples, strawberries (by far the best berries I've ever had anywhere), pita chips, bowtie pasta, and the list goes on and on.  For your protein, there are so many options to choose from: four kinds of chicken (pesto chicken being my favorite), shrimp, crab, and salmon.Thank you thank you for coming to uptown!  I am definitely going to have many meals from here!*By the way, if you dine here on Thurs, April 18th 2013, the salads are only $5.  (The salads are regular $8; they are $10 if chicken is added).They also have wraps, which I've yet to try since I can't get enough of their awesome salads.  Enjoy!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2013,6/15/2013,64,93,3,7,3>This place was much much more than I expected. I was baffled when I walked in and there wasn't a menu posted on the wall with a variety of tacos to chose from, that was the first clue that this wasn't the average taco joint. The interior itself is exactly what I expected though, with miss-matched Mexican themed decor and a DIY touch regarding the structure itself. To my surprise they had us sit down at a table instead of order at a counter and wait for our tacos to be presented in a to-go container like most establishments. They handed us menus, it was pretty much just like a sit down restaurant except it is for sure a taco joint and is a very small space. Most of the food is under $10. I ordered the 3 taco place with fajita beef. My co-workers ordered shrimp tacos and the chicken enchiladas. When they brought the food out it smelled fantastic, no sizzling fajita plate required. What impressed me the most was how they presented the tacos. They come bare with just the meat and they put cilantro, onions, and limes on the side so that I control what gets put on my tacos (simple but genius). I tried the meat alone first and I have to say it was the best seasoned fajita meat I have ever tasted. My friend who ordered the chicken enchiladas left nothing on his plate. Everyone agreed that this was a diamond in the rough and will return.Side Note: I don't expect it to happen again, and I think it's because they are just starting out under new name "El Taco" but one of the owners kept giving us free food. First he gave us free queso which was very good and then when he saw that my co-worker only ordered one shrimp taco so he gave us 3 El Pastor tacos on the house. We ranted and raved to the owner about these tacos. They were awesome, very well seasoned with chunks of pineapple in the mix. I had never had anything quite like it.The only reason it doesn't have 5 stars is because of the interior furnishings but the food is definitely worthy of a 5 star rating, so is the service.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,6/14/2013,152,444,5,6,4>If Restoration Hardware had a badass restaurant, Whiskey Cake would be it. The decor is insane!The BF and I came for a Saturday night dinner, and I could not recommend this place more. Great service, great menu, amazing drink selection (I think the BF had tears welling up in his eyes after looking at their scotch/whiskey/beer options). Try the duck or goat dip. MUST have the whiskey cake dessert at least once before you die, as well. You will NOT regret it.We are definitely coming back to try everything on the menu. Don't keep this place in mind for weekend hangouts, cuz I don't want it to be too busy when I come! :)
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,6/13/2013,443,598,2,6,4>I'm not too picky about pho, but I approve of I Luv Pho. Before this location opened up, we used to go all the way over to the Irving location just for pho and now lucky us that we now have a pho joint just blocks from us. Look out for my check-ins! I tried just about all the variety of rolls that they offer and my favorite are the Grilled BBQ Pork spring rolls. You can really taste the bbq-ness in the pork when it's in the spring rolls rather the fried rolls. I luuuv porking.As for the pho, my fav is the P12, which comes with the filet mignon and the brisket cuts of meat. It's safe, nothing too out of the ordinary like tripe or other guts. I'm not here to try out for Fear Factor. The broth has a good balance of flavor and it's less oily than some other places. One key point to remember when going, IT'S BYOB and they have a PATIO! PHO PARTY!!!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2013,6/12/2013,169,618,2,9,6>The service here is impressive.  The food is fantastic.  Just too bad I can't eat that much anymore.The salad bar was beautiful.  The artichokes, palm hearts and mushrooms were my favorites.  I also like the big wheel of Parmesan cheese.Then came the meats...  I like all of them.  My favorites were the lamp chops and ribeye.They gave us 3 sides.  The fried bananas were the best.  It's my childhood favorite.We had the papaya cream for dessert.  I like the rich papaya taste.Really can't say anything that hasn't already been said.  Will RTE.
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,6/11/2013,275,233,5,8,7>The work that Lumière does is AMAZINGLY elegant and classy. I'm so glad that I was able to work with Kandy for our event, and we were very lucky that she actually found us before we even had a chance to start looking for decor! She's an event stylist that knows what she's doing, and can envision what your needs are based on your description of your wants. Our venue turned out to be gorgeous, and this is, hands down, thanks to Lumière Lighting & Drapery. We had compliments all evening about the lighting, table/chair decorations, beautiful backdrop, and especially our Monogram Gobo (I've ALWAYS wanted one of these!!). I had the chance to talk to some of her team members during setup and breakdown, and they all commented that they love working for Lumière and that Kandy is great-- I don't doubt it for a second.I definitely recommend for everyone to keep Lumière Lighting & Drapery in mind for all of your event needs, you will NOT be disappointed with the results. Kandy is an artist who is inspired and passionate!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2013,6/10/2013,193,459,3,4,5>Attention to detail - that's what I love about this restaurant. They're located on the far end of Elm street that's not walking distance from the bars. However, they do have a small parking lot on the side of the building. Don't drive too fast because you'll miss the small neon "Local" and "Hotel" signs. The space itself isn't too large and sectioned off into 3 dining rooms and the bar. We were seated in an elevated section that was almost semi-private. Note - this is not a restaurant you want to have a huge dinner party for 20 people because of space limitations. Unless you reserve a whole section. I would say 2-6 people max to enjoy the dining experience.  Per everyone else's reviews, they serve beer/wine only. But that's cool with me. I can enjoy my meal with a champagne cocktail. They had tasting menu that I would normally try but tonight we just ordered a la carte. The gave a complimentary "shot" of broccolini soup which was stupendous before our food came out. The fried green beans are the real deal, but I actually really enjoyed the dipping sauce more so than the green beans. We next had a cauliflower-leek soup, brussel sprout & arugula salad, and the short-rib entrée with a side of mac and cheese. Everything was made to perfection. As for the portion sizes - if you're expecting a huge meal with a large entrée and 2 sides, go to your local chain restaurant. The portions here are made for the quality and type of food. We didn't have room for dessert but as the waitress brought out my check, they served us 2 tiny cookies. Very small, but it's more about the details anyways.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,6/9/2013,45,178,11,6,1>Javier's was quite an adventure for us on our first visit!  While we weren't prepared for the underlying hint of pretentiousness that carries through the place, the food was outstanding, and the overall experience was still very enjoyable.  The vibe really isn't a big deal if you know it's coming; we, however, had no clue.To start off, we received a slight stink eye when we said our party of two didn't have reservations on a Saturday night, and the host said he'd try to work us in but that it may be an hour or so.  No worries here, Gus (made up name...I have no idea what his name was), point us to the bar!  The bar service was top-notch.  We each had a frozen marg, and chips were brought out promptly.  The margs were tasty and strong.  The chips, butter, and salsa were awesome!  The butter, oh, the butter...genius idea.We were seated in about 30 min, which was a welcomed surprise, at a table they needed back in an hour for reservations; this was not a problem for us.  For appetizer, the Cheese Panela assembled table-side is definitely the way to go...as long as you don't hate cheese.  If you do, stay away, but otherwise this is a cheese-lovers dream cheesy rollup.  The Filete Cantinflas was amazing...again, if you love cheese.  I don't think I could bring myself to try anything else on the menu because it was that good.  Table service was attentive, and a manager would assist if there was ever something he saw that needed to be done at the table.The valet service is slow but friendly.  I mean really slow, unless you have a top-of-the-line luxury vehicle that would be parked in one of what I like to call the "Look What Our Patrons Drive" spots.Now that we know what to expect, yes, we will be back with the following changes:  1) Res.er.va.tions...for sure.  2)  If we ever have to wait again, we're heading to the Cigar Room; they call your cell when your table is ready...cool.  3)  Repeat order of Cheese Panela and Filete Cantinflas...no changes there.  4) I'll borrow a fancy car so we can park right out front.
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,6/8/2013,141,191,3,4,3>When someone says, "meet at the 27th floor of the Hilton," you know it's turning out to be a good night.  That's pretty much how last Saturday went.  Ended up at Ser with a few friends and let me tell you, I was more than pleased.  The night started off with a nice glass of Macallan 18.  Should have asked for it straight because the bartender loaded the glass up with about 78 cubes of ice.  We were promptly seated and my awe of the city scape that was visible from the restaurant quickly turned to excitement when I perused the menu.  I knew I had to start with the foie gras sliders.  Foie gras with a burger bun? Madness?  No my friends.  Genius.  It was perfectly cooked bun and piece of liver.  The symphony of warm and cool, crunchy and creamy, filled my mouth.  I took the smallest bites I could of these already small sliders JUST so I could make the experience last.  The oysters were ordered by another person in the party and one was stolen by your's truly.  Yum.  Between appetizer and our entree the good times kept coming.  Wine and some more scotch.  I ordered the filet medium rare topped with some lobster.  This was the only disappointing thing about the night.  The lobster was a bit rubbery and I really didn't care for it.  The filet however was well cooked and quality piece of meat.  I had the opportunity to try some of the wagyu spinalis, wagyu rib, and the lamb chops.  The wagyu rib was wild.  1 rib, large and in charge.  Seeing that one rib made me realize how large cows actually are.  The other two dishes were just as good but I can't think of enough synonyms and for the sake of making this review sound a little less repetitive, I'll leave it at that.So my only critiques are, if you're thinking about adding on the half lobster, I wouldn't.  Add on the foie gras instead.  If you like your scotch watered down, don't specify how you want it, you'll get more than enough melted ice to suit your wants.  The End.By the way, the espresso was nice a nice way to end the meal.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,6/7/2013,872,124,4,11,4>Finally, I found a cleaners in the DFW area that performs the job as requested and not as they want to do. Since moving here I have tried 3 other dry-cleaners and each ruined a something because they did not follow my request.Thankfully I found Customer Cleaners.  Want my polo shirt dry cleaned instead of laundered? No problem, they make note of this and the instructions are printed on the ticket.   And guess what, upon pick up it is done as requested.  (Wow, what a novel concept).  Want my jeans dry-cleaned (yes, I dry-clean my jeans) and pressed without a crease?  No problem; again they make note of  this and the instructions are printed on the ticket.  Again, upon pick up the jeans are cleaned and pressed without a crease.   Perhaps I'm a little picky about my clothes but it's never been a problem for me prior to moving here.  In addition to listening to their customer, they are quick.  I've dropped off 8-10 items in the morning (I think 7:30 is the cut-off) and it's ready for pickup on the same day after 5pm.  I love that they put a plastic collar guard on every shirt I take in there (both laundered and dry-clean).  What a great touch that is above and beyond in my book.Morning, noon or evening, the staff is always very friendly and helpful.  While they do not offer a drive through service, they are very helpful when it comes to getting your cleaned clothes from the facility to your vehicle.   Price wise, I cannot tell a difference between them and the other places I have used in DFW.  Because things are done as requested I feel that I'm getting a better value for my money.  Lastly, I appreciate the fact that the place does not smell of cleaning chemicals.  If you're in the area and are in need of a dependable dry-cleaner, look no further; Custom Cleaners is your place.  Heck, even if you're not in the area and you're looking for a dependable dry-cleaner, Custom Cleaners is still your place.
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,6/6/2013,256,159,4,7,5>A second visit to Sundown, this time for brunch, and what a brunch it was! I had just finished a long run and was craving something healthy. The Vegan Green Drink hit the spot with kale, bananas, berries, cucumbers, mint and agave. The agave lends a subtle sweetness without overpowering the other ingredients: you can really taste the refreshing mint and cooling cucumber, and who needs dairy when bananas can pull off the perfect smooth(ie)ness! I expected the kale to give the drink some funky taste or fibrous texture, but it simply adds a rich green colour and nutritious boost without tasting "healthy."I got the Big Bend which is a vegan frittata with quinoa patty as the base. I shall now bow to the filling power and mouth-watering texture of quinoa - at least when it's done right like they do here. The dish came with generous amounts of green spinach and sweet potatoes - what a feast for the eyes and mouth. My friend got the Wake-up Wrap with brisket, and they gladly substituted the regular wrap with a chewy rice-based gluten-free one. I'm impressed that for $10 each, Sundown can deliver such satisfying, healthy, and well-executed meals.------------------------------UPDATE 12/15/12Another brunch visit, this time the vegan green drink wasn't so good: unlike the banana-filled rich smoothness of last time, we found ourselves sipping on a glass of green liquid filled with too much crushed ice. Hmm, maybe I should've said something when the sous chef came to check on us. But I'm always at loss for words when it comes to these things: "what if I end up sounding like a b***?" Well anyway, do still give it a try, just specify less ice.I got the Sundown Benedict upon the waiter's recommendation: the BBQ Hollandaise sauce perfectly ties together the brisket, eggs, and whole wheat molasses buns. Watch out Smoke restaurant, I might've just found someone to replace you in the benedict department.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2012,6/5/2013,266,298,4,4,4>I needed a change from Opening Bell, Pearl Cup, and Crooked Treehouse, so where did I go to find a new coffee spot....my trusted, close fried...YELP!!! Yelp pointed me to Deep Ellum where our Murray Street hiding on the far end of Main street where I didn't know there was anything. It is easy to pass, so look closely and you  will see it. There is plenty of free parking in a gravel lot across the street. It is a small place that has an upstairs and downstairs...very cozy....unique artwork.. and modern-ikea looking furniture. I've been there several times and found the staff to be friendly. There coffee is great and the sandwiches are good. The bonus of going there is I get fashion tips from all the hipsters :)
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,6/4/2013,189,239,3,6,6>This place deserves 5 stars for so many reasons!  Friendly & knowledgeable staff, awesome booze, wine and beer selection, even when its jammed for the holidays it never seems "too crowded,"  reasonable prices (extreme to affordable) and most importantly it's pretty close to my house!  They often have a "sale" table at the front left of the store - products vary from holiday booze, wine, bar paraphernalia, etc...  We have purchased some of the sale wine and have been happy each time.   I love a sale and if it includes, wine - bonus!Thankfully the construction around this place is just about done - no more awkward turns into the parking lot and crazy congestion!
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2013,6/3/2013,334,106,1,2,3>I have absolutely no complaints about this place. It's just perfect. Prices are reasonably high somewhat, but not too high to make my wallet cry. Like I said, they're reasonable. The only time I never budget is when I'm out grocery shopping because health, in my opinion, is SOO much more important than money. If you want cheap groceries, go to Wal-Mart. I'm sure you'll get what you paid for. Sprouts is a nice affordable alternative to Whole Food's Market. I really love their bulk food section. Shh, don't tell anyone, but I kinda sorta graze around here. :) Veggie chips are my favorite. After shopping here for quite some time, I just had to finally buy myself some portioned out food containers because I wind up eating straight from the bag before I know it. Readers beware: this store will guarantee you'll become a regular. I shop here almost ALL the time. Plus, it's conveniently located near my house, which is super!Produce is always fresh. Take advantage of their sales though. I can be a weakness to their circulars that come in the mail on a weekly basis. Eek. Every once in a while, you can buy apples for only 99 cents/lb. And then the next week, they're back regular price, and then again will be back on sale. You just have to be here at the perfect time when you really need them. This applies to all other items. They sample coffee here everyday - at least every day that I'm here. It's always good to be open to other coffee varieties, rather than sticking to the overrated Starbucks walking distance away. I'm a real coffee drinker - black all the way. And coming from me, the coffee that they sample nails it. I just have yet to purchase them for home consumption.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,6/2/2013,190,305,5,3,3>The irony of this, currently the largest Dallas location, is not lost on me - former retailer of children's fantasy turned purveyor of adult indulgence. Anyone else find that remotely humorous?By far, best selection in town of all things alcohol. You can even get a triple magnum of Chimay. Why do I know that? Because I bought one. It was a Christmas gift and a fantastic novelty - don't judge. Local brews, hard to find vintages, obscure spirits, you'll find it all here - and then some. You'll find multiple pricepoints for whipped cream flavored vodka, for goodnesssake!You can quite literally get drunk off the weekend tastings - arranged as somewhat of an adult 'gauntlet' that begins shortly after you pass through the front door. So many tasting options, so little time! Just be sure you have a DD. I've tasted everything from adult milkshakes to Cabernet to Jager. Yes, Jager... who needs to 'taste' Jager?!They have gourmet foods to complement your libation selection, but I have to admit my focus has typically been the liquid aisles. Ditch the credit card - pay with cash or debit and get 5% off. They also have a loyalty club you can join, and if I could remember to bring the stupid form in with me to become a member, I might be able to tell you what the benefits are, but I know they have one!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/1/2013,249,441,5,12,5>An amazing smokey aroma hits you as soon as you step within 50 feet of this place. The exterior looks like a shady nightclub, while the interior has more of a diner feel to it. I dig it.I was pretty hungry by this point, so I ordered a 3 Meat Platter: brisket, St. Louis ribs, and jalapeno bratwurst. For my sides, I settled on sweet potato casserole and mac n' cheese. They were also kind enough to toss on a few hush puppies for good measure.Their sweet potato casserole was absolutely delicious: creamy whipped sweet potatoes with a streusel-like crust mixed in. It was more like a dessert than anything. My mac n' cheese was covered in several varieties of gooey cheese. The chives and other goodies mixed in reminded me of a loaded baked potato. This definitely didn't come from a box. The hush puppies were nice and flaky, with a cornbread-esque interior. There wasn't as much spice as I was expecting, but they were still very tasty.The brisket looked amazing, and had a very pronounced black crust. I dug in, and it was like manna from heaven! Great seasoning, perfectly rendered fat, and plenty of smoke. Every bite was juicy and tender. This was easily some of the best brisket I've had in the Big D, or anywhere else for that matter.Once I broke free from my brisket trance, I moved on to the jalapeno bratwurst. There were big visible chunks of jalapeno throughout each slice. The casings had a good amount of snap to them, and a nice smokey flavor just below. It had a nice amount of heat. Spiciness aside, the bratwurst left an interesting, sweet aftertaste. Beautifully done.Already thoroughly stuffed, I finished things off with the ribs. They were cooked perfectly, and I got a good hit of spices with every bite. The meat had lots of staying power, none of this "falling off the bone" nonsense. I could taste plenty of smoke, although it's hard to say the ribs had a smoke ring when the red hue goes all the way to the bone.The Slow Bone is on the fast track to becoming the new top dog of Dallas barbecue.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,5/31/2013,434,194,5,11,7>I love this place....seriously, I love this place. An amazing bazaar full of plenty of small, locally owned shops and restaurants huddled together under one HUGE roof. This place literally has it all. Now, much of the items here are targeted more for the ever growing and ever spending Hispanic community, but that in no way excludes anyone who wants a good deal on specialty clothes, shoes, home furnishings, services or goodies. One thing that really impressed me about this place is the way it is both organized and diverse. You have vendors selling literally everything from clothes to candy. Imports from Latin America flood this place and you can literally walk out with parts for your vehicle, your car insurance paid, a freshly polished pair of boots, a relaxing massage and a tummy full of delicious fajitas or seafood. Don't let the size or the location frighten you off...this is a busy place. People are friendly and willing to make you a deal. Check it out!
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,5/30/2013,290,376,4,11,5>Just love this newish 7 month old spot.  This was our first visit, and the overall experience could not have been any better.The space is beautiful modern classy decor with contrasting colors on the wall and abstract artwork; dark woods, nice lighting, comfy banquettes along the walls, a small bar area in the back.  There is also a nice patio at the entrance.We were greeted immediately by our friendly server, Javier.  He is a delightful young man with an  "I'm here to please attitude".  And indeed he did !Chips, salsa and black bean dip promptly delivered.  All in all I enjoyed these pre-lunch munchies; loved the salsa and bean dip (oh so creamy and smooth with a nice smoky flavor); the chips were quite acceptable, tho not as wafer thin, salty and oily as I prefer, but take this not as a complaint.  They were very close to my level of perfection for chips.As in our usual predictable behavior, I ordered a TS margarita with Grand Marnier, and my dining friend ordered his usual Miller Lite.  Again, drinks delivered in a speedy manner.As I was drinking my libation, Lalo, the owner, stops by our table to welcome us.  My, what a friendly, engaging guy.  His sincere thanks for our visit to his restaurant was evident.  And, I was so impressed with his interaction with the staff;  it was obvious they are a strong team and their efforts are appreciated. While at the table, I asked Lalo if he would have the bartender add a tad more GM to my drink; it wasn't that glowing golden color required to make it a perfect TS.  He quickly whisked it away and Wa-Lah, an A+ libation was returned just the right color and taste.  He delivered it with a big smile and waited as I sampled to make sure it met my expectations.  Lalo, you did good!  As he left our table, he said "Remember, you have a friend here. I hope you come back soon".On to the food.  So many choices; such a diverse menu, from tex-mex to fine Mexican cuisine.  We both decided to be semi-healthy in our meal choices so went with the Taco Salad; one with beef, one with chicken.  The presentation was over the top; a white dinner plate (I do really like white - think it enhances the visual presentation of the food) piled high with assorted greens, sliced avocado, slivered tomatoes, grated cheeses, red cabbage, & cilantro.  Atop that mile high salad sat a ruffled mini taco shell filled with the protein .  How quaint is that?  Wish we had remembered to take a pic to post. I couldn't even put a dent in the huge serving and hated to leave so much on the plate, but haven't found that salads already dressed  fare well the next day.The salads were probably the best we've had anywhere.  The dressings - to die for.  My house which was a combo of Caesar and Italian was delicious; a little tart, a little sweet and creamy.  Friend chose the Avocado Creme dressing, and were it not for good manners, I would have picked up that cute little oval bowl and drank it dry.  So unusual and so good.Yes Lalo, we can't wait to return, so many things to try.  I love supporting local businesses, so all you Yelpers out there, give Lalo's a visit real soon.  Don't wait for a wonderful dining experience, go now !
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2013,5/29/2013,385,149,2,12,3>My wife and I went just about a week ago on 2/22. We started with reservations at 730pm, then after the wife was ready and after traffic on 635 we finally got there just before 8pm. We did call twice to change the reservation time and each time the hostess(s) were happy and made sure we were taken care of and always said "We'll enjoy seeing you" at the end of the call. Since I made the decision to go valet, instead of trying to find a exit in the mall that was open after we were done eating (its happened to us before eating at a mall restaurant, when we finish eating some of the entrances are now closed). Since this was our first time, I didn't know the valet entrance was right by the hotel check in and then to the right is the restaurant. So I figured the $7 valet would be worth it. When I got out of the car the valet asked me if it was our first time and I said yes. He then gave me a card for a free calamari appetizer, which was really nice since we planned on getting that anyway. We got inside and ended up waiting for about 7 minutes and then were seated. I didn't mind waiting since I really kept them waiting for about 15min from our orig. reso time. All is good.She brings us to our table all the way in the back and our server was Jeremy. He did a great job as far as answering my wife's questions regarding wine and the food. He was very attentive and always asked us if we were ok. So we had the Chili Fried Calamari which was probably the best calamari I have had in Dallas. I loved the crunchy tentacles along with the sweet and sour juice that came with it. We also decided to try some oysters. We looked over the menu and picked out (2) "Shoregasm" which were small but very good, (2) "Pine Island" which were the medium sized ones and a little gritty, but the best were the (2) "Riptide" oysters we got. The Riptide ones were I think the biggest and the really filled you up. After trying all 3, I think I liked the Pine Island ones best.We did also try a beer that we have not had before and we each got a "Dogfish IPA". My wife didn't drink most of hers, so I went ahead and finished it off for her. As far as entrees she had the Cod and I had the Rockfish "Dynamite". We tried each others and her cod was crunchy on top and soft and wonderful inside. My wife loved the wild mushrooms that came with it. The Rockfish was very good. I have never had Rockfish before and I will probably get it again. It was a little sweet, and then with the Dynamite sauce it really hit the spot. We did not get a dessert, but saw and smelled the burning of the 151 on the Baked Alaska. The only reason I did not give them 5 stars was because of 2 things. At the back of the restaurant where they sat us was really crowded. It was like all the servers were spinning around trying to get around people and tables. It was cool to watch, but it was not cool being so close to another table and then moving around the waiters. I think the next time I will try and sit up on the second floor where it looked super nice and would be great for a party someday. The second reason was when I got the bill, Jeremy charged us for the calamari that we were supposed to get for free.  He did take care of it after about 10min. So our total bill was $103 and tipped $30. Overall great date dinner and we would come back again and again. Maybe try even more oysters next time.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,5/28/2013,253,248,9,16,12>I am on my 6 of 12 Slim Shots and this sh8t works.  I'm down 5 pounds which on my small frame looks like a lot.  I'm back to my hottie boti!  The way I feel it is working for my body is by DRAMATICALLY reducing my appetite and increasing my energy to go to my yoga workouts daily.  Basically, I don't think that it would work for those who think a shot is a miracle cure for the chubby wubby.  Basic science tells you that you still need to decrease caloric intake and increase exercise to burn calories to get weight loss and I think slim shots has made this formula much easier for me to attain my weight loss goals.  I'm a fan!4/2/2013 Original ReviewReview for Slim Shot:Yesterday I purchased a groupon for B12 slim shots and today I went to DbD unannounced for my first shot.   The office was a bit difficult to find but I called and an extremely chipper woman answered and helped.  The office is located on the 12th floor of the North Dallas Bank building at 635 and Preston.  Easy in and out with plenty of free parking.  The staff welcomed me, gave me some medical history forms to complete,  escorted me to the back, explained my shot options based on my goals, gave me the injection,  answered my questions, and I was out about 15 minutes later.   I was very impressed with the friendliness of the staff and the organization and cleanliness of the office.  They reemphasized no appointment necessary and gave me the hours of operation.   Very easy. The nurse said I may or may not feel the effects immediately depending on my body.   I am very sensitive to stimulants and medicine so I didn't know what to expect.  About 15 minutes after injection,  I felt a rush of adrenaline,  my heart rate increased and I felt slightly anxious.  It was less than I feel when I take a fat burner or drink too much coffee but I definitely felt it but was not concerned because I know my body.  About 1 hour later,  I felt a slight crash (very tired) so I took a nap.   I imagine my body will need to adjust.   My plans are to do 2 shots per week for 3 months.   I think the ingredients in the shot are good for my body so anticipate good results. I'll post a follow up review of subsequent shots and how they make me feel.
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2013,5/27/2013,132,201,5,7,3>Hell yeah! Now this place gives you a bang for your buck!Came here with some friends, starving having skipped breakfast. The menu seemed good and the prices were cheap. I opted for one of their lunch specials (available from 12-2 mon-fri for $5.99 only!) of kalua pork and chicken katsu, and hoped for the best! And the best DID come: wow! A really generous portion of juicy pork and a tasty chicken katsu (breaded fried chicken) with some pasta salad on the side and a little ball of rice. Near the cashier were three "coffee dispensers" with either "katsu sauce", "bbq sauce" or "sweet and sour", and while the sauces were good, they were a bit thin (personally, i like my BBQ sauce thick and flavorful!). Still, i really enjoyed my dish, and the service was fast, the cashier pleasant to chat with!My friends had the double cheeseburger (i know, not that adventurous that bunch) which they loved, and it looked huge and really good, and it was also very cheap, $5.99 for that! I will definitely be back for more of their lunch specials and to try that burger myself, as i have a near-constant craving for burgers!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,5/26/2013,725,843,3,7,5>I've had a long torrid affair with chorizo.  If it treats you right, you will have a euphoric situation on your hands.  But if done wrong--you are left tasting feet.  Latin Deli has renewed my guilty affection for chorizo with their Classic Torta--add ham and sausage to the chorizo and fry it up, slap it on a ciabatta with mozzarela, mayo, peppers and tomatoes.  I was all excited when I opened my sandwich and I could see all the beautiful orange grease soaking into the bread.  That's flavor country!  The price is $6.99, little more than Subway across the street, but well worth it.  And yes, the corn cupcake is tasty as well.  It reminded me of Boston Market's Cornbread, which is my dessert there anyhoo.  That all being said, my friend had the Sandwich Cubano and it was sort of just a sandwich.  The ingredients were fresh, but it wasn't anything special.  The place is super cute!  I've lived in this neighborhood for years and that corner of Abrams and NW Hwy has always been a bit sketch.  But they've taken the Latin Deli and made it a place where you feel really comfortable hanging out.  Service is great, but be patient because they are actually cooking your food.  C-O-O-K-I-N-G!  That's what makes it good.  It will take a minute or two.I will be back to try the Peruvian beef sandwich and the Pineapple Pork.
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,5/25/2013,322,339,9,9,13>The Lake House Bar and Grill is a bar for lovers; whether your a beer lover, wine lover, or a lover of the East Dallas vibe.Their fantastic beer menu includes an Oatmeal Stout from the Breckenridge Brewing Company, Left Hand Brewery's Milk Stout, and a smorgasbord of brews from Germany and the UK. They also have something for us cheap bastards: $3 Lone Star. Happy Hour is Monday - Friday 4 -7, and Monday is half priced bottles of wine. As far as food goes, I've only tried the burger as of yet. It was good, although I was excited about the sides. You get a choice of fries, sweet potato fries, or tator tots. I have been a fan of the owners since their days at the Barley House on Knox: they know how to take care of their customers. I look forward to putting this bar on my rotation. Frequently. East Side Pride, bitches.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2013,5/24/2013,117,157,2,11,5>This place is a true paradise for those who love exotic mushrooms (not the psychedelic kind!), fresh produce and Asian food stuffs, all fresh and very inexpensive.I can buy a huge bag of dried shitake mushrooms for $4 here. The same amount would cost me about $20 at Whole Foods. You can also buy fresh oyster mushrooms, wood ear mushrooms,  etc. - all fresh, very very cheap here.The produce is amazingly huge, beautiful, fresh AND inexpensive! For example - a small plastic box of blackberries - at Kroger they're $4.99 - at Super H Mart, they're 99¢ !!! This isn't just a one-time sale I'm talking about - although they do have price reductions or slight elevations due to seasonal issues.I've never seen zucchini as large as they have it there. Amazingly, I have to go to Walmart to get Bok Choi, because they only have the baby bok at H Mart - but they have everything else! I also get packets of seaweed, canned straw mushrooms and even chicken breasts here. Very fresh.Unlike any other Asian market I've ever been in - there is ZERO smell in there. Other places I've been to absolutely reek from the seafood and other selections.All their fish tanks with live specimens to buy have CLEAR, CLEAN water inside. They do have everything there. Some things are a little pricier there than elsewhere - but those would be staples you can get at Walmart across the street -  like butter, eggs, etc. The produce section takes up half the store.You do not have to be into Asian food to love Super H Mart. The produce alone is awesome. They have some exotic offerings like Jack Fruit and others, but they have very standard offerings (lettuce, celery, tomato, potato, eggplant) as well - all big, clean and cheap. I don't know how they pull it off. There is also an awesome bakery (a store within a store) inside by the front door. I've had some of their garlic bread and tarts - all I can say is OMG - TRY IT! Amazingly good and cheap! There are other stores within the mart - perfume store, electronics store, etc - never been in any of them. I come for the produce, mushrooms, seaweed and cellophane noodles - and something that's another great treat - Cooked Roasted Chestnuts (not water chestnuts - no - real Christmas-time chestnuts) in the 'junk food aisle' - a sealed bag for just 99¢ ! I used to buy chestnuts (so hard to find one that doesn't have a wormhole!) and boil & prepare them - and they're so expensive when you buy them at the grocery store. Not these babies - they're fresh and all the work has been done for you at a fraction of the price. Great deals on spices, too.On the perimeter of the produce section are several little restaurants akin to a strip mall. There is one place that makes AWESOME sushi - fresh, right in front of you and it is SUPER CHEAP!  I've had their avocado roll and spider rolls - just superb.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,5/23/2013,137,174,1,12,7>As we approached Hopdoddy this past Saturday around 1:30p, we were nervous about the line spilling out their main entrance.  Sure, we realized this meant it was likely great, but I mostly refuse to wait in lines and typically just wait until the "newness" buzz dies down.  We waited though, and to our delight it wasn't a long wait at all, and it was VERY WORTH IT!Hopdoddy is one of those places that just gets it.  I always say this to my hubby, which likely drives him nuts, but we're both in the corporate end of the restaurant biz and thus analyze a tad deeper than the average diner.  An example of what I mean by "just gets it" is Hopdoddy has someone in line give you a number and then reserve a table for you, meaning when you get thru with ordering you don't have to worry about securing a table--brilliant.  This is the type of convenience and thought-thru-ness that sets the best apart from the OK.The restaurant itself has plentiful seating, with booths and high community-style seating.  Realizing some customers hate community-style, they have removable partitions that can be put up so you don't feel on top of your neighbors...I always can't help but eavesdrop on conversations next to me, which is fun and distracting all at once!They also have seating around a bar too, which is great for those dining alone so they don't take up an entire table.I split the Primetime and Magic Shroom burger with my friend, and while both were excellent--super fresh, great flavors, cooked perfectly, etc, I'd go with the Primetime next time.  The large French fry was enough to split with my hubby, and I highly recommend the Chipotle Ketchup.  We also got a side of their "Sassy Sauce" (I think it was mayo, ketchup, worstershire and honey, but can't recall) and it was a fantastic dipper for our FF.  BUT, that name is a tad off-brand, if you ask me.Our meal (2 burgers, large FF and 2 fountain sodas) was around $20-a steal of a deal for the food we enjoyed!Anyway, what makes Hopdoddy's food so great is that they recognize it's all in the ingredients--they grind their own meat, bake their bread fresh daily, use unique pairings on their burgers like Truffle Aioli and Arugula.  They also source several of their items locally, which I always appreciate.Being hungover, none of us ordered one of their craft beers, which they're also known for, but we did all get a fountain soda, and their (once again) unique options set them apart from their local competition (ie: Twisted Root).  We also saw a bunch of customers enjoying ridiculously good-looking shakes, so we'll have to give those a whirl next time.I can not recommend Hopdoddy enough.  Between the high quality ingredients and overall cool vibe, it's a definite game changer for "high-end" burger joints.  You must go!
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2012,5/22/2013,97,33,14,5,5>first of all, a hearty lol @ michael k, who complained that the staff is not attractive enough for his standards.  what a weird thing to prioritize at an establishment that encourages you to slather your face in spicy shame glaze to get onto a wall of fame.  i can't wait to give my local donut shop a sub-par review because the little korean lady running it simply isn't hot enough.the nickel-and-diming is a fair point of detraction, though.  plucker's charges extra for splitting an order into different sauces, which is a shame when you're crusading to try all their flavors.i've had consistently good experience with their service, of both dine-in and take-out varieties.  bonus points for the waiter who was virtuously patient when my father and i somehow managed to coordinate spilling all the water and the ranch dressing.  in the world.  dining in is probably the way to go.  you can sit in booths deep enough to get lost in, enjoy perfectly-cooked wings, and hey maybe even watch a sports game in the bathroom while futilely scrubbing wing sauce off your hands (you see how i called them sports games.  i am obviously a strong fan of televised athletics).  unfortunately for me- someone who prefers to gnaw my chicken bones shamefully in the lonely darkness of my apartment like a gollum- take-out is not the best option.  despite my best efforts to get those wings cooked as crispy as possible, they end up being painfully oversauced and limply defeated by the time i get home.  the last time i got wings to-go (and paid exorbitantly for the privilege of multiple flavors), they all ended up tasting like the same chewy, regretful drumstickso why 4 stars instead of 3?  the fried pickles.  can i eat those every day of my life please, thanks.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,5/21/2013,188,317,2,9,3>Kenny Bowers has added another place to his list of restaurants.  As you might have guessed, Kenny's Smokehouse adds BBQ to the overall offerings by this local chef.  Today was their first official day of business and I had the chance to try out their dinner menu.I expected there to be some "opening day hiccups" during the meal.  With the exception of bringing out the wrong side (which they quickly corrected), everything ran smoothly and service turned out great.For starters, we had the smoked brisket stuffed jalapenos.  These come five to a plate and are HUGE.  These jalapenos were a winner, each neatly stuffed with brisket & cheese and fried in batter.For the entrees, my wife had the smoked brisket.  You can order this lean, marbled or half of each.  I ordered the smoke house sampler which gave me 4 different kinds of meat:  brisket, pork, sausage & ribs.  It was so much food.  I got stuffed just looking at it.  The meat is served with sauce on the side.  All of the meat was very tender, nothing dry.  The brisket & sausage were probably my favorites.  The sausage is made with large bits of cheddar cheese.Each entree came with one side.  My wife couldn't decide between the smoked gouda mac 'n cheese (which is similar to the version served at the Woodfire Grill) and the BBQ fries (waffle fries with a BBQ seasoning).  The waiter helped her out by bringing her both.  I ordered the Blue Cheese Bacon Potato Salad.  This is where the wrong side came out.  Instead of the potato salad, they brought me the cole slaw.  The waiter quickly corrected the issue and left the cole slaw.  All of the sides were delicious.Service was good, food was good, the only "con" would come down to price.  I guess you could say it's upscale BBQ and the prices reflect that.  I do think some people will have issues paying some of the higher prices for certain entrees (then again, people pay for upscale fried chicken).  On the flip side, we had plenty of leftovers that will certainly make another meal.  One more FYI, they will validate if you use the valet next door.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,5/20/2013,133,74,6,9,2>Let me preface with (no exaggeration), the first time I ever happened upon this place sometime in the spring of '89 (okay, that was an exaggeration - the Spring of '11 just didn't have the same ring to it) I literally texted all my close friends and said that I was going to join yelp just to write a review on the amazingness of it. I never got around to it, hence my just writing my first yelp review last week, but I was obsessed. My second prefacing statement is that I only ever get pedis and the occasional brow wax - I mistreat my poor hands and nails too much to validate manicures.They give by far the best and longest leg massages. The way they set up for their pedicures is by preparing a full tray containing multiple dishes of scrubs, masks, lotions, oils - the works. I think what I love most about this is that just when I start to get sad/a tiny bit anxious that my delicious massage is almost over... I can glance over at the tray and realize only half of the treats have been applied to my tootsies/entire lower leg area and I still have so much more ahead! I typically get the Pink Cosmo ($40) or the lavender (I think $45) pedi. Oddly enough (if you know me), I've honestly never taken advantage of the free (or included for all of you sticklers out there) alcohol. Pedicures are one of the things I really like to do loner style with a magazine, book or just multiple games of words with friends on my phone, and I think I have a complex about drinking alone. Unless I'm in Europe. Or at least Mexico.The only, only reason that this isn't a emphatic and resounding 5 stars which I hate to have to do... is that my experience today was less than stellar. I won't name names because I'm hoping she was just new or having an off day... but my pedi today was awfully...rough. During the trimming portion I lived on the edge of terror blood would be shed, during the foot scraping/scrubbing she kept banging my foot on the foot bath and even the massage was less relaxing and more painful than anything. I also got my brows waxed and I will be the first to agree that I have really thin, short and less than stellar brows to work with due to genetics... but she suggested I get them tattooed on and I did leave with a few dabs of blood haha.Nonetheless, that can't shake me as a customer because all my prior visits were so very wonderful. The only reason I'm not totally discounting today's experience in my rating is that I haven't been back to Onyx before today in about 6 months. I've since moved a little further from the GBH and found a super cheap pedi guy literally a 2 minute WALK from my house who is so nice and convenient and gives a pretty mean massage himself.If you're lucky enough to ever be in the area/have extra long work lunch breaks and are close enough to the neighborhood, they give a 15% discount before 3pm Monday-Wednesday, which make them much more closely priced to all the other nail places in the area for exponentially more value.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/19/2013,202,453,9,8,6>I want to hate all Asian food done by white people - it's just not right.  But alas, Mot Hai Ba is from the super talented and super white duo of Colleen O'Hare and Jeana Johnson (Good to Go Taco, Good Friends, Acme), and the dinner delivered in a big way.  Jeana and Colleen have reinvented Vietnamese food for me, but in a way that seems very true to what I imagine food in Vietnam to taste like, and without any sort of fusion.  We started with the sizzling shrimp cake and the spring rolls - both were just incredible and the complimentary sauces transported me to a place with rainbows and unicorns.  I've had spring rolls and egg rolls a million times, and nothing I've had previously had the delicate balance of big flavors these guys provided - the shrimp cake was more of an omelette that you wrap in lettuce and dip in the sauce.  Our entrees were the caramelized pork and a garlic dungeness crab - both again were delicious, and served on a delightful bed of rice noodles and chinese broccoli - so good.  We polished everything off with their hot donut holes served with vanilla ice cream in a coffee locally roasted/owned.  They serve a wide assortment of beers including from Vietnam (so so) and Thailand, wine and cocktails.  The space is the old York space, so not huge, but they do offer wonderful patio seating.  My only complaint would be the wood stools got slightly uncomfortable.  I can't wait to come back and try their lunch, where they exclusively serve their Pho's and Banh Mi's.  Well done Colleen and Jeana - pretty fly for white gals.  Pretty fly.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2013,5/18/2013,686,887,9,12,11>I'm amazed now! I came back for their quiche to give them another chance. It was amaze balls!!!! it was a quiche florentine but they asked me if I wanted bacon this time. Um, heck yes!!!! it came out perfect!!!! it wasnt salty even with the bacon!!! the crust is so good! very flakey! it crumbles and practically melt in your mouth! and of course, how could I not get their amazing spinach cheese muffin!!! that is my snack for later. Total redemption there, Zenzero! I will be coming back!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,5/17/2013,973,92,28,36,32>Looks like this is the new BBQ joint around Frisco. It's tucked right behind La Hacienda off Preston. The first thing you as you walk in would have to be the 3 big burners on your left. 2 wood burners and a southern smoker. The ribs and sausage are cooked with a mesquite flavor, chicken and turkey are hit with pecan, and the brisket is a combo of the two. They have about 30 or so beers on tap and there are plenty of televisions positioned around the restaurant so you won't miss the big game (which i definitely appreciate)You order the meats first and then choose your sides cafeteria style. As usual, we ordered the three standard Texas BBQ meats - brisket, ribs and sausage. One item that did catch my eye was the Bacon-Wrapped Jalapenos. These reminded me of another local BBQ joint down in Lewisville called Fat Cow which also offered this type of item. I didn't get to try it this time but I will on my next trip. Service was excellent. They would come to our table multiple times to refill drinks and provide us with anything we were needing. The ribs and sausage were the highlight of my meal. Very tender and the jalapeno sausage had just the right amount of kick. My favorite BBQ still holds it down in ATX but this place is a good start for the people of Dallas. I'm also hearing that Pecan Lounge is another great BBQ place in south Dallas so I'll need to hit it up later.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2013,5/16/2013,37,62,4,4,2>PROs: challenging classes and helpful instructors, great location, beautiful studio, nice community of regulars that will keep you motivatedCONS: too expensive. I wish they had a student discount... as a dental student, I could not convince myself to spend more than $100 per month of my loan for yoga classes (no matter how amazing I feel afterwards). God bless groupon for allowing me to practice yoga at Uptown for a month, but daaaannnng... now I'm going through withdrawals. See ya' when I'm a dentist Uptown!!!
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,5/15/2013,851,315,4,7,7>I'm still on my quest to find a 5-star donut shop. Lisa's comes close, but still not quite doing it for me. I will say that the donuts, if purchased early and eaten immediately are great. A little dry for my tastes, but great flavor. The sausage rolls are a favorite and the apple fritters aren't half bad either.The service was phenomenal... she said "thank you" about 50 times. A little overkill? Probably, but I get it. She's nice, and was thankful for me as a customer.If you're passing by or in the area, it's a nice little shop to pop into and get a donut or similar fashioned items. The coffee is horrible, but I'm a coffee snob, so can't count that I guess.I'll definitely be back seeing as I live fairly close. It may be my regular donut stop if I don't find that 5 star donut place sometime soon!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,5/14/2013,33,176,3,13,3>Inchin's Bamboo Garden is an Indian Chinese  Restaurant. Don't go here expecting Naan, Tandoori Chicken, Chicken Tikka Masala or Samosas.Instead go here for what we Indians call Chinese food. ( and no, what you you call chinese isnt chinese either).This location is brand new and looks very clean and classy.  It is located right behind the In N out and the Race Trac at the corner of Royal and Mcarthur,Service was quick and friendly. We were seated immediately even though the restaurant was full. We were in and out of there in 40 minutes. Makes for a perfect lunch place. Their sister location in plano, on the contrary is more cozy and more of a date night place.the food is quite good with their lunch menu offering great value for money. You pick an entree and get White Rice, brown rice, Fried Rice or Chicken Fried rice along with Hot And Sour Soup or Egg Drop Soup and an egg roll for $8-$9.    Both the soups are great and the egg roll is crispy I had the Paneer Szechwan - A gravy dish with paneer cubes, green peppers, green onions in a szechwan sauce. It was not as spicy as Szechwan dishes usually are. Please check with your waiter about the spice levels. While most Indian restaurants in the Irving area are typically take out places, Inchins is a very cool place and I would love to dine in here more often.Ill be back!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,5/13/2013,326,673,14,11,6>As a chicken connoisseur, or a chickoisseur if you will, I had to put off reviewing Lockharts until I actually got to eat their chicken. Every time I'd been in prior to yesterday, they were out of chicken by 6pm when I rolled up. This time, they saved me some (due to a birthday party we were having there), and oh baby jesus I am SO glad they did! A huge pile of meat was brought out from the back for our party of 20, including one whole chicken. I scurried over and transferred him to my plate, entirely disrespecting my plate's 'sides' boundaries as well as its apparent unpreparedness to support the weight of an entire chicken. Back at my seat, with cole slaw, cucumbers, onions, hot sauce, bbq sauce, and pickles, I got right to it, before anyone else at the table had even realized the food had been delivered.The meat itself was so incestuously easy to peel from the bones, I felt rather dirty. The flavor of both the meat and the skin was deliciously smoky, and not at all greasy. All of the fat had been smoked out of the bird, and I was left with smoked chicken perfection. Sure, my dining companions mocked me for basically swallowing an entire chicken in what must have been 15 minutes, but when you have something that good in front of you, you have to treat it like you're the only person with water and there's an apocalypse on the horizon. If you ever have the pleasure of getting your own whole smoked Lockhart chicken, do it. It will be one of the happiest days of your life.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,5/12/2013,2824,154,2,10,6>5 Star Restaurant?  Well ....My Fit Foods (MFF) may not be a gourmet restaurant, but it is certainly worth a 5 star rating.  Here's why.MFF focuses on locally grown, no processed food, that has never been frozen.  Their verity is large and they are constantly adding new dishes.  The food is packaged by size, meal time, and calories.  I have been regularly eating their food for over a year now and it has helped me keep 20+ pounds off (along with life style changes that include exercising more, making better / healthier selections when I eat out, ...).  Their staff is friendly and knowledgeable.  The meals I pick are generally in the $8 - $10 range, which is more expensive than TV dinners but way better.  1) MFF dishes are not full of sodium; 2) you're not hungry after you eat them.I highly recommend MFF.  It's made a big difference for me.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,5/11/2013,541,525,17,7,6>Dear Mr Mesero, I wanted to take this time and tell you that I love you.  In that stalker sort of way.  I want to stare at you from afar and send you bowls full of queso and mole sauce.  I want to steal all the food that comes out of the kitchen and feed it to all my friends, spread the love.  I appreciate you serving me your delicious swirl margarita's.  I drank two and was feeling like I could fly!  I appreciate your server helping me make up my mind on what to order since I couldn't decide between taco's and enchiladas.  She brought me one of each.  I'm not real sure what you do to the mole, but if it came in a shampoo I would buy it.  The guacamole is not normal.  Chunks of delicious avocado and those huge delicious and crispy tortilla chips...me likey.  Thank you for bringing me more when I asked.  I also really appreciate your ability to make MP growl when I tried to steal a bite of his food, twice.  Not a whole lot of people can do that (except for me...wait...what)?I do love the patio area where I can stare at people on the street and tell people to go away and not come in, I mean help them up the stairs.  I love the easily accessible bar when waiting for our table but it could use a little more holding space.  Oh, I absolutely love love love love the amazing service and the fact that everyone is smiling and loving themselves...tell me what you put in those 'rita's again??  Anyqueso, expect to see me much more often...I'll be one diving into the mole. Lovingly.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,5/10/2013,308,111,7,9,6>Elbow Room's back, baby!! After a multi-month hiatus and an ownership change, ER is back in black and is exactly the same as before, except it looks like all the table tops received a new coat of varnish that makes them shiny even in the dark.Look, ER is a genuine and honest place. I know most of the staff there and they're all hardworking, wonderful people (except for Tom. Haha! Kidding, Tom!)Drink prices are affordable, the food is the gold standard of bar food (loaded cheese fries with double or triple bacon? Do it. Meat Orgy Pizza? Yes.)Shuffleboard and pool tables, 3 different large rooms plus back patio with plenty of space.This is your home away from home. No douche-baggery a'tall.
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,5/9/2013,221,354,,6,4>Rock themed bar/grill.  The all female wait staff staff was super friendly and were cute.  The food was surprisingly good!  I really recommend the flash fried oysters!  WOW!  Some of the dinner entrees seemed a bit high?  $16.99 for blackened fish?  It comes with two side, but I still think the price point is a little high,  I had the pulled chicken which was REALLY good.  The names of the dishes and descriptions kinda has you confused and staring at the menu for quite a bit.  This place just opened and there is nothing like it on that side of town  it's big and I believe there's a private dinning area?  We were seated immediately and most the staff is still training but doing a great job.  There are TVs everywhere playing all rock genre videos.  This will be a cool place to grab drinks or a bite and listen to live music (when booked).
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,5/8/2013,205,238,4,11,7>There are two things that I'd like you all to know about this place. I'm so pumped about it because it's a very happy accident! I say this because I've passed it by several times, thinking about the prior occupant. We stopped in yesterday just to check it out. Hey; we're adventurous.First, the current occupants are so passionate about great food and service. The prior occupant has cast a sad shadow over this place that is really not deserved. We were delightfully surprised!Second, the owner and head chef are long time legacy Mi Cocina folks. That means the food is at least, if not better than what you'll find at Mi Cocina-however, the price tag is better. If you love MiCocina and you live in Prosper, you will love, love, love this place! Love having these folks in town and will frequent them again and again and again!  Join us! Hope to see you there.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2013,5/7/2013,160,285,3,6,4>Went here last night for Mardi Gras.  The place was packed!  It's a seat yourself kind of place and we got fortunate enough to hover over a table that was just leaving.  Immediate seating, w00t w00t!  The music was alive and vibrant, service was a lil slow (cause it was packed) but really friendly.Got the Blackened shrimp (a little salty for my taste), boudain balls (damn, yum), gumbo (not a huge gumbo fan, but this was good), and alligator tails (fries were seasoned nicely, alligator is yummy yummy in my tummy).  Everything was pretty goooooooooooooooooooood.  And the prices were well below what I'm used to spending on cajun fair. (I really only know Pappadeaux prices)All in all, a really good place to spend Fat Tuesday and get some good grubs/dranks.A++++, will buy from again.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,5/6/2013,217,155,1,5,7>This Sunday, I woke up with an epic hangover and all I could think about was the pic of ramen at 20 feet that my friend had posted the day before. So we dragged ourselves out of bed, put on some giant sunglasses and made the trek all the way over to 20 Feet. Gotta say, it was totally worth it! The ramen came with two thick slices of braised pork belly, a soft boiled, marinated egg and some greens. Broth was mighty flavorful. If I were to change anything i'd go with slicing up the pork to make it more easily edible and upping the broth to noodle ratio b/c I LOVE broth! Also, bc we are gluttons, we decided to order the cajun chicken po boy as a side. This was possibly the best chicken sandwich I've ever had. So intensely flavorful, moist, and juicy. Way too much to eat after ramen, but it made an excellent mid after noon post-nap snack later that day.Loved eating ramen on the patio with my sunglasses on and the sun on my face. I will be looking for more opportunities like this in my future, and so should you. :-)
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2013,5/5/2013,47,101,7,7,4>$6 mimosa carafes and adult grilled cheese for brunch is a can't miss.  Granted you may wait an hour for a table as half if uptown every weekend morning seems seems to wake up debating on coming here; it's packed!But back to the adult grilled cheese: gruyere, ham and pear sandwich with a bowl of tomato soup that can make any hangover a hang-awesome. Throw in the cheap mimosas and you'll have the best Sunday nap/sleep you've ever had.They also have a "toad in the hole" that is toast with an egg and pulled pork served with a side of white cheddar jalapeño grits. Everyone dresses up here a little much for brunch, so if you come in sweats, smelly and hungover, I say good for you! Just know there will be judging.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,5/4/2013,207,491,4,5,5>We had our first experience with Torchy's Tacos at Taste of Dallas and yesterday we decided to go to Torchy's to try out some food from their menu.We get there and the place is lit up like it's Christmas.  It's like a beacon in the night.  We get inside and the first thing I notice is that they have a zig-zag line while you're waiting to get to the cashier to order.  Fancy and somewhat superfluous, but *shrug*.The menu has tacos that are all around $4, some more, some less.  We got up to the counter and the guy behind the register was uber friendly and talkative.  We told him it was our first time here and if he had any recommendations.  If I remember correctly, he said the Beef Fajita and the Democrat were the most popular.  I decided on the Republican and the Democrat.  The wife chose the Dirty Sanchez.Imagine a hot dog and a taco had a baby.  This is the Republican taco, made with jalapeno sausage.  I'll have to say it wasn't that great.  It sounds a lot better than it actually was.  The sausage itself was pretty good, but as a taco, it was meh.The Democrat is a barbacoa taco.  In all honesty, the barbacoa was a little mushy.  The avocado slice was perfectly ripe and delicious, however.Both my tacos came with two tortillas so if you scoop half the ingredients into the extra tortilla, you can have double the tacos and less stuff falling out of your taco as you eat.  Do it.The Wife's taco was the belle of the ball.  It's an egg taco with guac.  Just the right amounts of YUM in it.The music they play is particularly good.  Gin Blossoms, Goo Goo Dolls, Nirvana.  All great songs.I went to the bathroom to wash my hands and their towel dispenser was not wanting to be motion activated.  I had to use my shirt.  No back-up to their dispenser.  Sanitation Fail.We'll probably be visiting more.  We walked away $12 lighter and with a full stomach.
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,5/3/2013,62,131,5,7,4>My experience here truly earned five stars! I met L-Hizzy for dinner last night to catch up and vent about our hectic schedules. We started with a round of drinks (free thanks to a Yelp check in..yahooooo!) while we looked through the menu. I decided on the Marguerita Pizza (uhhmazing) and L-Hizzy got the Pesto Chicken Pizza. L-Hizzy likes to get a little ghetto on her pizza- she goes ham on it. (I learned that means hard as a motha from a fellow gangsta coworker) Any who, we both really enjoyed the meals; it's probably the best Marguerita pizza I've had with plenty of seasonings and yummy tomatoes and a crispy thin crust. Just how I like it!The best part about our night was the service. Our waiter was Taylor (Sp?), and throughout the entire meal he was quick, polite, knowledgeable of the menu, and one of the friendliest waiters I have ever been served by. Not once did he seem annoyed by our Yelp deals (free check in drink, $10 for $20, and even then splitting the cost at the end). Too many times when deals are offered by Yelp, Groupon, or Living Social the staff treats us less than friendly because they assume that they aren't going to be tipped well or as owners aren't making as much (so then why offer the deal, right?.)Taylor even asked us to stop apologizing because he didn't mind one bit. Bonnie Ruth's, hold on to him! Also, you can't beat their happy hour! Even after my free glass of wine, I ordered a second one and only paid $3.00. And no, the house wine isn't some cheap table wine. It's actually really good! L-Hizzy got the Wedding Cake martini, made with Absolute for only $5...crazy!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,5/2/2013,219,594,2,7,3>I've had some 5-star experiences here and some average ones, but I would gladly go back for more so hopefully 4 stars is a fair way to settle the score.This place is popular!  Expect a wait for Sunday brunch, but nothing too crazy, and Saturday is even better.  The clientele is a wide range of people and ages- this definitely might cater to the neighborhood crowd.  Speaking of which, Crossroads is neither hard to find not hard to get to, but it's not really near anything else of interest, so you might have to make a special trip out to see it.At times the service has been 5-stars- personality, humor, and personal care given to recommendations and getting the order right.  At other times it's fall flat- with no problems, but it changes the experience.The food.  I do love breakfast food!  One of the things touted on the menu is the sticky bun.  This is definitely meant for sharing.  Maybe have it once...but for me it was not something I need to get all the time.  The sticky bun made me realize that I prefer cinnamon rolls to sticky buns.  The sticky bun  had a wonderful pastry dough, a sticky glaze and some nuts.  It was good for what it was, but not really my thing.  And I'd rather save my calories for other things, like... the apple pancakes.  The apple pancakes are huge and have tasty pieces of fresh apples loaded throughout.  I've also had a more basic eggs, toast, and bacon meal and left completely happy.  The frittatas seem like a success with guests I've brought here in the past, but I have yet to try one for myself.  Crossroads has a modest coffee selection and a few drinks to imbibe on.  The cappuccinos I've had here have been consistently frothy.  I would not say it's the best I've EVER had, but it meets all the requirements of a cappuccino, and I get them each time.  Read: these are not gas station cappuccinos- liquid with a few bubbles on top!Overall a nice neighborhood spot.  Good place to take the parents or to have a hearty meal, less of a place to impress trendy friends.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2013,5/1/2013,108,213,6,8,6>Last time we were in the Bishop Arts District Gloria's was in a different location. I've got to say I really like this building better! I guess it's an old fire station. Very cool and a great atmosphere! The food is typical Gloria's. The bean dip is amazing! We had the brisket tacos. They're not the best I've ever had but they were good. The margaritas definitely packed a punch. Good thing I stopped at two! We'll make the long drive down from the burbs to hang out here again soon!
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2012,4/30/2013,386,130,3,8,3>I really like their tarts and fruity teas. I don't come here often. Only time I shop is when I really need their daily bread on the way out of Hmart and if I need a small treat to gift to a friend (red bean bun).Other than that, there are plenty of other options in the area. Mozarts is around the corner and Mug&Mouse and another cafe are opening soon. So every direction in this Ktown, you are going to find a bakery with a cafe.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,4/29/2013,514,437,4,9,7>Wowow, I love this place! Super flavorful food, especially all of their fish dishes, and I was NOT a fish person until I came here. My favorite is the crispy spicy fish.They have a huge menu, and I think every dish I've tried so far is delicious. Here are just a few suggestions in addition to the crispy fish: Sichuanese Smoked Tea Duck - very smoky flavorSliced Fish Delight - boiled in a light white sauce, very goodSpecial Boiling Fish - spicy, hot, fillingFull menu here: thefoodtogo.com/SichuaneThe dumpling appetizer gives you twelve pieces, but they're very small... and honestly, not that flavorful. That was the only disappointment I've found at this restaurant, though. Everything else is great.I highly recommend this place. One of my go-to places for Chinese food, and the price is not bad at all!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,4/28/2013,372,222,11,21,14>Food - 4/5Service - 5/5Price - 4/5Atmosphere - 5/5Located on the Cinemark-side entrance, Oasis is in a prime spot for high traffic. Surprisingly, when a couple friends and I went for lunch on a weekday, it was somewhat empty. What a shame!The cafe has sandwiches better than big chains such as Panera Bread and Corner Bakery, they even offer gyros, and the service is second to none. I met the owner, Nira Khan, and she is one of the most genuine ladies I've met in awhile. If you have a few minutes, you should definitely hear about her story and you will be left in astonishment. One thing I really love about the experience was the music that was played. I asked Ms. Khan about it and she said the playlist is of her all-time favorite songs. Hearing that, I just knew that her fingerprints are on everything and I have nothing but respect for that. Starting as just an associate for the restaurant and working her way up to be an owner -- that is simply amazing.Oasis Cafe is officially on my list of go-to places for lunch whenever I am in the area for work.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,4/27/2013,257,612,6,6,6>KT is my favorite trail to run in Dallas. I know this place like the back of my hand. I like to run the whole distance, and from one end at American Airlines to the edge of SMU/Highland Park, it's about 3.5 miles so a round trip is a good 7ish miles. The best part of KT is all the hotties that take off their shirt to go run. YES! The hottie mchotties run in the morning and afternoon, but you're on your own after dark. It gets kinda sketchy at night, so beware ladies! I carry mace with me at all times. You just never know!
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,4/26/2013,477,163,4,7,6>After my nail salon and I parted ways, I was looking for a new place to get my paws and claws done. I tried a few places but just wasn't happy.My friend recommended that I try hot nails too and I was very pleased from the moment I walked in. I told them what I needed done,  the whole time I felt relaxed and they make you feel right at home. I got my pedicure done from Cindy ( which is who I go to regularly now) She is the pedicure queen in my opinion. I would recommend making an appointment since they are always busy. They offer shellac and waxing as well. If you are a frequent discover card user they do not accept that, but hey I can overlook that.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/25/2013,549,363,11,9,9>Gah, how cute is this store. FULL of beautiful curvy clothes, corsets, hosiery, and accessories-- everything you might need to fulfill your inner pinup. I didn't see any pasties though, dammit! I had to fight not to try on a beautiful lace trimmed, sweetheart corset. With all of my being. But sitting here now, in sweaty workout clothes and hair in a pony tail, I think I need more beautiful in my life and sitting around Yelping in that piece of sexy might just be exactly what I need. Also they have pinup photography sessions you can do. I mean, really? With makeup and hair and cute outfits and shit?? NEED.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,4/24/2013,93,178,10,14,9>Dear Owner,Please open another location in the Dallas area,I'm sure all of your fans are also sick and tired of the long horrendous waits at unholy hours any time from 3 til close. I always get to-go now,even then, it is difficult to get through the phone line. I have no complaints about the food, they're great. This is the best place in town for Dallas, no debate. Needs a better system to serve the popularity rep though... I mean, don't you guys want to make even more money?Also, I still don't understand the charging for water concept. I'm assuming now you don't want any more people at your place eating in, and that's the only reason.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2013,4/23/2013,1025,261,3,10,4>Whoa!The name of the restaurant explains it all. The whole vibe of the place makes you feel at home and at ease, not to mention the food, which is really comforting (and filling!).The decor of the place is perfect. Jars of pickled peppers and corn relish line the walls. There are several deviled egg serving dishes on display. Jars with green onions instead of flowers are placed on each table. Just a touch of down south decor without going overboard with it.The food is crazy. I ordered the fried catfish biscuit sandwich. Wow. I'll just tell you that I killed it, and I didn't eat until lunch the next day. So filling and tasty. The fish was fried to perfection.....hot, crispy, and seasoned perfectly. The huge biscuit (and I mean HUGE) was too good.... light, buttery, flaky and perfect. The side of fries were excellent, naturally cut and seasoned just right. If the atmosphere and food being excellent wasn't enough to get you to try Jacks, the service was even better. They were the nicest and most accommodating staff that I've experienced lately! The chef even came out and asked if everything was good. I can't say enough good things about this place.We went at about 1:30pm during the week, it was relatively easy to get in and out. But if you go on the weekend or during the lunch rush, I expect it would be kind of hard to get a table in a decent length of time, but it's definitely worth the wait!
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,4/21/2013,376,566,3,5,2>Still the best bar in DFW...everytime I go I never want to leave.  Gorgeous place...totally getting rich just to gut the house and make it look like this inside.  Absolutely some of the best food as well.  I could jump into the fries feet first while a cucumber Hendrick Gimlet chased me...crisp me with salt and top me with ketchup...so happy.  My girlfriend loves the fried chicken...and totally get yourself a burger.  Thank me later.   Just go to the gym the next day.  Best to go before 9 if you want to catch some eats...any day of the week.  Otherwise you have a crowd of people bumping into you non stop.    Sit on the patio if it is nice out.  Parking is a pain...grab a lot and pay the $.  If a Dbag or two bump into you bc they just came from steroid camp, just let them make jerks of themselves...a watch them get shot down by every respectable lady here...quite entertaining...then continue with your drinks and conversation.   A relationship exists btwn SP...Sfuzzis...and Villa-O...I very much enjoy all 3.  Cheers to you my friends.  I will be having my bday party here next year...you are all invited!
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,4/20/2013,895,667,4,9,6>I finally tried the late night menu.  It's offered Thursday - Saturday 10pm till close.  I may have been a little tipsy and on a high from seeing Adam Ant at Granada, but the food was wonderful.  My friend and i split the sliders, street tacos and each had a corny dog.  The slider  I might say was just as good as the burger if not better.  OMG.  The street tacos were pretty legit, and the corny dog, which I didn't eat much of since I was stuffed was great.  They are homemade and the breading was kind of fluffy.  Damn, if tomorrow wasn't a work day I might swing by there tonight.  GO!
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,4/19/2013,70,82,11,16,7>I'll keep it simple.Come on a full stomach, or intend to eat post libations (Meridian will eventually be serving food, until then, drink your calories).Go.Drink.Take home a full growler (can stay unopened for up to a month, after opening drink withing 48 hours).Drink from the Growler at home, try to share.Return.Drink.Fill.Repeat.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2013,4/18/2013,1812,527,16,9,10>I happen to stumble on Wits End by simply walking by and hearing some great beats flowing out of it........at every end lies a new beginning and what lies here is a bar with Soul and depth enriched by dreams and passion.  Perfect combination of the Urban Neighborhood bar and fashionable throw back furnished with pool tables and pinball machines.What I see here is not just a bar staff, but a Family, a group of people that fueled this location with Blood, Sweat, and Tears.........and I am sure laughter as well.  I just get that feeling when I am sitting on that bar stool amongst strangers who drink as friends.Everyone came along to get along, the Spirits and Music were flowing..... The bartenders kept going,  Oh how I love Deep Ellum once the old thread of chaos and grunginess Hell.   Get that drab dark feeling of the dungenuss out of your head.  I am here to say that Deep Ellum will not lie dead.   I am not forecasting that  I am that prophet,  I'm just an old soul with polly pockets and wockets.  That man was once here in 1932..That shit aint me I am not calling Jesus the king of the Jews, I am calling what I see and it's business's like these.....that will re-light that wick it's time to pay respect and dues to that Land of Deep Ellum that will forever be.....This Hood is not Sick. Well then, don't for-see me reciting this in the Mokah Coffee shop That's not what I do.....Just wanted to get my point across in this review and If I am at my Wits End....this Bar is where I want to end up and be me, to share a drink or three.That's how I come throughOMG I hope Mrs. Brown (My 9th grade creative writing teacher)  See's this....My 2nd period class really paid off!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2013,4/17/2013,64,120,24,11,8>I like taking my dog Oreo here in the mornings so he can play with some canine pals and burn off some energy. He always gets super excited when we get close to the dog park, which is the cutest thing ever. But I gotta warn you, coming here is like stepping into another world called doggie land. Depending on the crowd of dogs, your precious little pup is either IN the gang or NOT. And if they're NOT, oooh they better watch their backs. Packs of dogs fighting to hump one another while their docile humans smile on the sidelines can get a bit terrifying. I've had to yell at Oreo to stop humping other dogs as well as pull a 150lb Great Dane off my poor little puppy. Seriously, that dog's red rocket was the size of my arm. Please keep an eye on your dog when you come here, the park is SO huge that it's easy to lose sight of your furry fella.Other things to remember, everyone is a crazy dog person, everyone thinks of their dog as their children, everyone gets annoyed when people bring little kids to the dog park (WHAT are those parents thinking?!?!) and everyone asks if your dog is a rescue because if not then you are a total piece of SHIT.Beware of THAT dude with an adorable puppy trying to pick up on chicks. No one wants to hear "so, you come here often?" while trying to find a big fat turd their dog just camoflage'd into the leafy ground.When it's warmer the park with the pond gets super crowded. I've only taken Oreo there once because his fur takes forever to dry. I had to blow dry his fur outside for 30 min the one time I took him.Don't forget to walk your puppy around the trail that goes behind the park, too!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2013,4/16/2013,165,290,6,10,7>This place is finally open!! (The first review from December is actually from the owner) LA Crawfish is inside the Ranch 99 market, turn right after you walk in and it'll be across from the bakery. Went last night and there was absolutely no wait! They just soft opened last week and the actual grand opening will be March 8. Pros:+ No wait and you don't have to drive all the way out to Garland for Boiling Crab for your crawfish fix+ Garlic Butter Crawfish - YUM flavor, chunks of minced garlic, size was okay but should get better as we head into peak crawfish season...+ Snow Crab - big and plump!+ Self serve (order at the counter, pay immediately, get your own water/condiments, they give you a plastic tablecloth and roll of paper towels)+ Fried chicken wings - we got the Taiwanese Basil. The skin is super crispy, crunchy, and flavorfulCons:- Cajun Spice Crawfish (medium) -- wasn't spicy enough for me. I'll have to try extra spicy next time. - The corn and potatoes are basically boiled and topped with a tablespoon of garlic butter sauce (vs. being boiled in the crawfish broth for more flavor)- They need to get a speaker ordering system - the way the counter and the seats are set up, it makes it hard to hear when your order is calledThis place provides a very good alternative to Boiling Crab if you want crawfish "Asian style" with lots of garlic. And I mean that about the good alternative....not when people tell me Pappadeux has good crawfish alternative (c'mon...). BUT, I will admit, in terms of flavor, LA Crawfish's Garlic Butter vs. Boiling Crab's Whole Shebang....I still like Boiling Crab's Whole Shebang a lot better. So balance a 2-hour waiting time and distance vs. taste, which one is worth it?
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/15/2013,569,258,7,15,14>Doug is the simply a real blast from the past.  It's hard to see this type of longevity in a city as diverse as Dallas.  We are in the middle of a cross fit boom and he still remains relevant to a small group of folks.  I was always more of a sedentary type of guy. I always followed the same routine long hours of work followed by tons of TV and food.  This ultimately helped me balloon up way past my ideal weight.  Finally i started to get back to a better weight for height.  I have never been much of the gym type of guy.  I always felt either overwhelmed at a big box gym or simply never physically fit enough in my life. I finally joined Doug's in august 2012.  I trained with Doug for a month and wow I never felt so different in my life.  I enjoy the simplicity of how he does his work and how he runs this gym.  Doug has no computer simply a composition book with hand written notes on your workouts.This gym has no cardio equipment but plenty of old school weights.  I think once you look past the initial where am I you notice the people and just how much they all enjoy it here.  Doug has members from all walks of life and all ages.  I love being able to talk to him about a variety of things and he's straight laced about life and the gym.  You can surely find a better price on a big box gym filled with guys in jorts carrying around 2 gallon water jugs flexing in the mirror doing nothing.  I fell comfortable paying a little more knowing this place will almost never be packed and there are no exercise whores here.  People are always friendly and so often you have members just coming to have lunch with Doug on an off day.  It's definitely much different then your average gym but in a great way.
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,4/14/2013,3760,1373,17,27,13>"how did Dallas suddenly get cool?  Since I've lived here, even in the last three years?".  I sipped my strong "long" coffeereminiscent of a recent cup in Paris.Rick replied instantly,"Dallas has a bad reputation for taking forever to get something done." A New Yorker with 30 years of Dallas residency under is belt. "One Arts Plaza was conceived in the 70's and recently came into fruition.  When do you think they'll finish that trinity river Project?" I said with hope."about 20 years, he said with judging wide eyes.  Ascension raises the bar.  Fancy flask like accoutrements that light up orange to make tea, 4 customized filter techniquesto brew your coffee, filtered water served in a chilled bottle at no cost and a light simple European style menu, all in a stylish setting you might find in soho.Staff was confident, took their jobs very seriously (sometimes too much on both accounts, servers bolted in front of mea few times without apologizing.) exuding the arrogance of a precocious and competitive young Ivey leaguer.Unlike Urban Dog or Crooked tree this coffee shop has an unspoken dress code with all the nicely dressed business people in meetings or IPads or both.  I was, pointedly, admonished by my friend for looking like a homeless person.  Hey we were on the way to the gym.Parking is difficult.   Use the lot west of the next door apartments.I didn't see a coffee refill rate - that splash of bitchy.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,4/13/2013,275,242,,5,2>I've been to Hana twice. Once for their hibachi and once for takeout. Both visits were great. It's definitely a step up from what used to be here,  Panyu. The service is fast and super friendly. The portions are ginormous! If you get hibachi you might want to share or just order small apps. They have great lunch specials and have happy hour. I have not been in for happy hour but they advertise hot sake for $1. The sushi is fresh and really good. I hope the standards stay high so I don't have to find another sushi place because this one is so convenient! Also, they take great care in packing your to-go orders to ensure that nothing spills and stays in place.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,4/12/2013,33,129,3,4,4>Then I had a group of about 50 people dining here last Saturday.Seriously...it was fantastic! I have been in many ethnic restaurants with our group- we have events 2, 3 times per week (yes, we are hungry people) and the comments couldn't be better! I had people saying it was the best event of the year, what about that??The food was extraordinary and it was a buffet. Hummus was silky and smooth, as the babaganoush. Falafel was a huge hit (and I am not too crazy about it but theirs is outstanding), plus the kafta... And chicken in a creamy mushroom sauce to die for. Many options for vegeterians- I heard even the cauliflower was excellent. They promised me to have atayef for dessert and they had it! Yaay! Not only that, they brought 2 for me while I was eating the entrees, to make sure I'd have it! Talk about personalized service!I know.. I am too excited about this place- but really...I am a huge fan of food and service and they do a stellar job. The family is extremely nice, welcoming. I really think they can teach a thing or two to other businesses... This is THE place for Mediterranean food in Dallas.Oh and I need to mention that a friend decided to have another group at the same time so we were about 70 people plus their regular customers. The organization was perfect- we discussed how to handle before the event and they managed as we agreed. We will definitely come back soon!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,4/11/2013,105,93,2,7,5>I was in Terrell visiting a friend and her family took us to this place for dinner. At first, I was a bit skeptical because I'm not a fan of Chinese buffet places and this place looked a little small but I was really surprised! My friend says that her family comes here all the time and I don't blame her. The buffet is only $4.99 all you can eat and they have a good selection of food for the price. I usually just have a few faves at buffet places but everything here was pretty tasty. My favorite was the hot&sour soup. Just enough kick and tang! Staff here was very friendly as well. You can tell it's definitely a Mom&Pop kinda shop! The cashier lady is always smiling, I love it!P.S. They are closed on Sundays. Thanks, Shelley G. !
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,4/10/2013,321,198,2,6,2>Venture to Veracruz! I wanted to try a new tex mex place and got tired of the same places. I agree with Jenny C about the fish tacos....I would have to say it is the best fish tacos in Dallas!  Everything is reasonably priced too ($6 margs).  Good and strong margaritas are always a win in my book.  It was a great date spot and we didn't have a wait at 8 on  Friday evening.  Staff was attentive and quick! I need to venture out more!
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,4/9/2013,207,393,4,8,4>1. Their BBQ salad is G-I-G-A-N-T-I-C. Get it as an appetizer and it can split four ways. It is served on an 18"x12" platter. Probably an entire bag's worth of lettuce, and enough brisket for a sandwich. It had beans too, but only scared with a few of them. "Are there beans in there? Are there supposed to be beans in my salad?" Yes, yes there are. And next time I'll order an additional side because it could use more. 2. Oh my word, their banana pudding was great. 100% certainly homemade, and plated to order, not in advance and kept in a cooler so the bananas could get all brown and slimy. Fresh is key with nanner puddin', and theirs was assembled about 60 seconds after I asked for it.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,4/8/2013,207,120,4,13,6>****East coast Italian made it to Dallas?????******I think so!  It turns out Kenny is from Boston.  He calls sub-sandwiches "Grinders" so I knew he was the real deal.My test of any Italian place is Chicken Parmagiano.  This is my "gold standard", it allows me to taste their tomato sauce in all its glory with different flavors and textures.  I will add this one to the "W" column and come back again soon.The sauce was authentic, robust and a great consistency.  The chicken parm was flavorful, plentiful  and had all of the great textures I'm looking for - gooey, saucy, crispy and tender.....all in one bite.  I would have finished it but I was at a business lunch and didn't want to come off as a "gavone".These are the kinds of restaurants Dallas needs more of.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,4/7/2013,189,181,4,11,4>Growing up I never went to Medieval Times and I think I appreciated the experience as an adult more than I would've as a kid. That's just me. The tickets implore you to arrive 90 minutes early to get a good seat, but there is absolutely no reason to do that unless you want to wonder around, buy souvenirs and get drunk in front of all of the kids. We did like the bar, but not THAT much...it's a little pricey. I definitely encourage folks to skip out on the wine when you walk in...not worth it.There are no bad seats and I would prefer to not sit in the front row closest  to the animals.  BUT DO buy the tickets on-line and print them out to avoid waiting in line.The roasted chicken and apple turnover dessert is delicious ...no utensils. And the show is something different.I think what made the experience for me is the price, we got some 50% off coupon codes and that makes the experience very worth it ($29). Honestly if I had to pay full price, I don't think I would have gone.But glad that I did!
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,4/6/2013,387,387,2,9,5>Yelp is running a check in offer here: upgrade to a large size for free! So that's what I did: got a large iced classic milk tea with boba. I wanted to see how well they made the OG bubble tea drink. Annnnd they nailed it. The milk tea was wonderfully smooth, sweet (but not overpowering), creamy yet light. And the boba were my favorite part. I typically don't get boba at other places because they're never "right" i.e. too soft, too hard, too tasteless, etc. But the boba here were just the perfect consistency for me. Had a great chewy resistence without being too tough, and also tasted of very nice tapioca. Minor gripe is that they're so far away in Carrollton, but I will definitely be stopping by more often when i made my treks to Super Hmart, because they're relatively close to each other.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,4/5/2013,131,327,,8,5>I was in great need of a boarder for my dog over the Christmas holiday. Based on Yelp reviews and it being close to my home I took my medium sized dog to Top Paw Resort. I was greeted by a very friendly staff member who check my pup in and took specific note of my dog's eating habits and special requests. Over the holiday I watched my dog from their dog cameras and saw her playing as well as running all her beagle energy out. Even when it snowed, I saw a team member walking with the dogs through the snowy yard and encouraged them to play. I had ordered upon my pick up the spa package (bath, brush and nail trim) and when I picked her up, she was smelling so fresh and her fur so soft. She was tired for two full days after her stay. I am only ranking this four stars because this was my dog's first time here, but fingers crossed in the future when I take her here, I'm just as pleased. :)
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/4/2013,51,196,6,5,4>Damn that place was hip. I mean, I was expecting hipness, but it was "hip hip." I felt like I was in Portland again.Sooo....I finally made it over after hearing some buzz. Besides being hip, they were also doing good business at around 3:30 pm on a Monday. Seemed like at least 15 tables were occupied by patrons.I'd read Sarah Y's excellent review and decided to try the iced toddy, which is chock full of caffeine. I drank about half of it and I'm already buzzing pretty good. It definitely woke me up from my lethargic state, but I'll probably hate myself around 1 am tonight.Like others, I'm so glad there's an exceptional coffee house on Greenville-proper. The Pearl Cup is great (well, Henderson Ave. is great, as we all know), but why not have another option on Lower Greenville?Love it.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2013,4/3/2013,88,90,9,10,8>Move aside cupcakes, cake balls and any other flavor-of-the-month desserts.  Sure, pies have been around forever, but when was the last time you saw pie elevated to this standard?  Forget the pie at the diner which, when you see it, you're unsure whether its been there 2 hours or 2 weeks.  Oh, and by the way, it's probably a lemon meringue, apple or regular-old pee-can pie too isn't it?  If that's what you think of when you see pie at a restaurant, prepare to be blown away by Emporium Pies.The wife and I stumbled across this place and were absolutely blown away by both the choices and the delicousness of the slice we had.  30 minutes later, the only evidence of our visit was the receipt in my pocket and a satisfied sweet-tooth, because there wasn't a crumb left on that plate...
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,4/2/2013,259,574,2,9,5>I love hibachi-style Japanese food but hate having to commit to spending an hour or so at a hibachi table to get my Japanese food fix - that's where Tomoya comes in and saves the day! You walk in and order at the counter, get a number, help yourself to complimentary soup (not sure how it is - I wasn't in a soup mood that day), and grab a table (unless you're taking it to go). A short while later someone brings you a box of delicious Japanese food.I ordered tempura veggies with a chicken and steak box. My veggies came out first and they were delicious - carrot, zucchini, broccoli and onion (2 of each). My entree came out shortly thereafter - I wasn't a huge fan of the steak (under seasoned for my tastes), but I loved the chicken, rice, veggies and salad that came with it and the upside - if I had just ordered the chicken it would have only been like $8.99 for the box! My dining partner had edamame and said it was awesome as well.So I can pop in here and get a hibachi chicken dinner (including rice, veggies and salad in addition to teriyaki chicken) for 8.99 and be on my way quickly?I'll be back... like.. tomorrow probably.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2012,4/1/2013,132,160,7,11,6>As a Chinese guy who grew up eating my grandmother's cooking, I will say it's impossible to find authentic Chinese food unless you go up to Richardson/Plano, so just forget about authenticity if you aren't willing to go on that 30 minute trek.This restaurant serves an excellent Americanized Chinese (AC) lunch buffet for $6.95. The food is not trying to be "healthy" and "authentic" Asian food like some other restaurants (please see my review Pei Wei -- oh please, but I will say their Sriracha chicken is not bad). They have all the AC classics like beef broccoli, pepper steak, sesame chicken, pork chops, fried dumplings, egg rolls, fried rice, and some others. The food is well made with enough meat and enough grease to be delicious, but not overwhelmingly gross. It's not something I'd eat daily, but everybody's gotta have their AC fix every now and then. I will say the salad bar was lacklustre, with mostly iceberg lettuce -- but let's be honest, if you're looking to eat healthy, get a salad at whole foods down the street. Staff is very nice. I will definitely be coming back for my AC fix soon.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,3/31/2013,608,438,12,13,11>My buddies and I wanted to go to a restaurant off the beaten path and decided to give Chicken Plus (or is it Plus Chicken as the sign suggests?) a chance.We read a couple of the current reviews and wanted to try the spicy "baked" chicken.  I put the word baked in quotation marks because it's actually fried.  Twice.  The chicken isn't breaded, but it's still pretty crispy after it's second oil bath.  If you decide to get the spicy version of their baked chicken be sure to wear your big boy pants.  The burn is subtle at first, but turns into a five alarm fire after a couple of bites.  The chicken packs a lot of flavor and although the outside is fried to a crisp the meat is not compromised as the meat is very juicy and tender.  Keep in mind that you're going to have to wait at least 30 minutes for this dish to come out so if you're in a time crunch you're out of luck.We also decided to get the spicy fried chicken while we waited.  It came with a sweet and spicy dipping sauce and a couple of sides including a small plate of fried rice.  As with their baked chicken the fried chicken was very juicy and the breading here is delish!  The sauce goes really well with the chicken.  I used so much of the sauce that I almost had to ask for more.  If you're a fan of fried chicken you really shouldn't miss this!You're not going to get away from the language barrier like most other Asian establishments, but the people here genuinely want to make sure that your experience is a good one and will do whatever they can to make that happen.  They two guys that were working there at the time came out a couple of times to see if there was anything they could do to make our experience any better.  At one point they even turned down the music for us as we were in deep discussion.  We didn't even ask!  Awesome service!!  If I had to sum up this place with one word it would be amazing.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,3/30/2013,117,201,2,8,3>I was really nervous about taking a class here because of the stories I heard about the workout. I actually survived and it was fun. The music was great. They begin each class by showing the circuit. The circuit changes daily. I visited during a free class and there was no pressure to sign up which i really liked. I felt really strong flipping big tires and working out with kettle bells. The trainers push you but also support you during the class. I was surprised at how quickly the hour passed. GREAT WORKOUT!!! A change from my usual!!!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2013,3/29/2013,110,208,,7,4>This place is facing Trinity Mills! And the 212 number on this page is for their store in New York! I preface my review with that information because I drove around little Korea town for about 20 minutes trying to find this place. I looked everywhere! Except for, of course, the other side of that building along Trinity Mills. I even went into Cafe Brown Sugar thinking it could possibly be the place. But it wasn't. I even called the 212 number thinking it was someone's cell phone, but alas got the location of their New York store. But I didn't give up!Now, I came a-looking for their red velvet latte. And it didn't disappoint. Tastes just like red velvet! I also ordered their Caramel Cinnamon Bread which I took to-go, so they put the whipped cream in a separate container. All for a total of $13. Eek! But since I spent more than $10, I got a little coin bag in the shape of a coffee cup. The bread was yummy. Crisp on the outside, soft on the inside. Kinda like tofu. They even cut it up into little squares resembling tofu too. I would for sure come back for the red velvet latte. And now I know where it is!
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2012,3/28/2013,187,236,7,4,5>I walk into Maple and Motor a little wary. The last time I came in I had the loaded tater tots (golden brown, mealy on the inside, smothered in cheese, and chopped up bacon. It was like a deep fried baked potato but crunchy and indescribable how much more awesome than a baked potato it is), and I wasn't sure it could be topped.To be honest, it wasn't. Those tater tots have the divine essence of baby Jesus in them. Nirvana can be achieved just by putting them in your mouth. But I wasn't too disappointed.I got a cheeseburger with pepperjack cheese--they give you the choice of American and cheddar as well. As a reminder, American cheese is not technically cheese--it is processed cheese food. And pepperjack just has that awesome spicy kick mixed in with the sharp cheesy taste, and melted on top of a juicy, greasy burger = delicious. There was a great amount of lettuce, tomato, and pickles. The patty was thick and moist (not dry at all!) and I contemplated my burger for at least a minute trying to figure out how to attack it with my mouth.The onion rings were amazing. A good amount of batter, and a present onion (I hate onion rings that do not have onion in them). The batter was nicely seasoned, although not so much that you couldn't dip them in ketchup. The onion in the ring melted in my mouth after I crunched into the onion ring.The GOBS are a fun treat. They're like a little moon pie with, what it feels like, homemade whipped cream in the middle. I liked the cakey, fluffy texture of the ends, which weren't too sweet, with the creamy, sweet smoothness of the cream. A good way to end the meal.You have to try the burgers at Maple and Motor once. I'm not a huge burger fan, so I didn't LOVE my burger. But once you've gotten an obligatory burger out of the way, order the loaded tater tots, and a basket of onion rings. Eat it, enjoy your food coma, and pray that you don't get an instant heart attack from all the fried goodness entering your blood stream.
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2012,3/27/2013,608,886,1,9,4>Love love love their coffee and tea.  I've been waiting for them to open and it's finally here! They had a pre-launch party in which they had complimentary pastries from a local bakery called Empire Baking Company.  (We tried their banana nut bread and sea salted chocolate chip cookie....sooo good!). We were allowed to order whatever drink we wanted to try for free! Now that's good marketing.  My favorite drink? The Original Vanilla ice blended coffee drink. Delicious!!! I really like the decor and layout.  It may look like a small space, but when you walk in, its pretty spacious.  They have benches along the front windows and along the wall on your right.  They also had some high tables n chairs.  Im hoping that the space that was occupied by the photo booth will have more tables (free wifi here!).  As you walk straight through to the cashier, they have a display of their teas, espresso machines, and their own merchandise (mugs n stuff).  The staff were very friendly and they all were so excited for the opening of the store.A nicely added touch was their one and only tv screen that displays random stuff such as the local weather and various messages...kinda cool to watch while you're waiting for a friend.  I'm telling you this is a must try if you're a coffee or tea lover.  And for those of you who dont like either, thry have non-coffee ice blended drinks!  Let me tell you, once you've tried Coffee Bean, you may never go back to Starbucks! :)
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,3/26/2013,116,201,4,9,4>App - Beef Short Rib Nachos (1/2 order) - generous 1/2 portion size fed 2 happy campers. The waiter said that the full order would feed 6. There is plenty of meat to go around and the toppings fill the glorious pile of nachos fairly evenly. These are real nachos - in a pile, not individually prepared like some TX restaurants like to do. Soup/Salad - I got the wedge which had 6 thick tomato slices around the plate to accompany the iceberg wedge, blue cheese and bacon. Husband had the mushroom soup which I tried and approved!Entrees - I got the special which was a sea bass (perfectly crisp on the outside and savory on the inside) with garlic mashed potatoes (they were just OK and I really didn't eat them much - and I'm a potato girl! Mostly I didn't eat them because there was so much other great food).  I swapped the veggies for the mushroom mac 'n cheese (don't judge me, it was my bday dinner!) which sounded too good to pass up. It was good, don't get me wrong, but I was disappointed still. There was a bit of a starchy taste to it rather than a fully rich and creamy taste.  Hubs got the 15 oz. TX ribeye med-rare (is there any other way?!) and it was amazing - juicy, flavorful, lean for a ribeye. Served with a giant twice baked potato (definitely the way to go over the mashed at this place). Food portions were not an issue - they were huge. Wine - We enjoyed a Benzinger '07 cab. I've had it before and I'd drink it again! As for dessert, it looked tempting but we just simply didn't have room to enjoy anything else. If I has to pick, I'd have gotten the chocolate.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,3/25/2013,262,584,2,6,5>Yelp reviews almost led me astray with their ridiculous 3 stars overall...shame! Shame!A friend picked the place so I naturally just went along.  At first you think biker bar maybe...but no, that's not quite it...it's more.  Not that I frequent biker bars (only because I don't yet own a bike) but it's cleaner than I imagine one to be.  The decor being of retro bike parts, etc.  The vibe is actually pretty laid back.  The new (bearded) bartender, Charlie, was pretty awesome.  He was patient as I asked what all of their "Quick, Cheap, and Cold" drinks entailed...and continued to be patient as I proceeded to order NOT one of those drinks...I don't know, wasn't feeling in a "try something new" mood.  It is, however, a full bar and they can make whatever you'd like so you aren't compelled to try one of those.I've already told some people about this place, think it's a hidden gem (:
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2012,3/24/2013,2766,161,10,15,18>I remember my parents used to go on date nights to Dakota's in the 1980s.  They loved the place. They loved the adventure of getting dressed up, going downtown at night, and having a steak dinner in a subterranean restaurant.... sans kids.Strange fate that I never got around to trying this place myself -- until about twenty years later. To my delight, the place remains like it's straight out of the 80s, so I felt as though I got a good glimpse of what it looked like when my parents dined here.So what does a  vegetarian order at a streak house?  Why, their gourmet macaroni and cheese of course!All I can say is that was the best macaroni and cheese I've ever had, bar none!  My mood actually elevated with every bite, and I left walking on a cloud nine of sensory satisfaction.   Just thinking about it now is causing my brain to generate pleasure endorphins from sense memory.  Very very good meal.Service was good. Ambiance, which nifty to see it looking like it did in the 80s, could use a remodel.  Still a very nice place, but comparing to other chop houses, this one is perhaps getting a little long in the tooth.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/23/2013,137,147,12,9,4>How did an exciting meal at FT33 end up with me smelling the heel of a Louboutin that was thrust up within millimeters of my nose? And what the hell was I supposed to be smelling on said heel? Well, I'll get to that...First of all: an Apple-maps-fail led us to FT33. "Damn, pretty understated entrance" I was thinking. Yeah that's because we walked in to the back door where restrooms and kitchen entrances are. Employees were sweet and funny about it. If it LOOKS like a front entrance then you're there...otherwise keep driving.Once we made it to the main entrance up front, we were led right back to table 33 facing the kitchen: was perfect. Got to see every dish being plated. The chefs were calm and in control and it was a good show and yes Matt McCallister is quite tatted up. We had some mis-steps ordering wise: I would have gone with the pork belly starter vs the beets, and sunchokes instead of the cauliflower soup. Uni chive pancakes could have used more uni, but were interesting. The smoked potatoes were beautiful and our first indication of the kitchen's brilliance: hot, savory, and with maitake mushrooms that were rich and buttery. Our favorite starter. Massive success.Mains: the trout was wonderful...a range of texture from crispy to tender, and delicious taste. For some reason, we ordered the chicken dish: unsure whether it was due to waiter's suggestion or a previous yelp review. I would skip it. White meat is white meat, and although the accompanying confit was very tasty, we felt we wasted an opportunity. On a side note: very helpful service across the board: they knew the dishes well and explained thoroughly even if they did push the chicken.Finished with the lemongrass panna cotta. Technically impressive but underwhelmed me. The goat cheese dessert was more satisfying: tasty, not too sweet, really just right.So...we of course walked out the back door to get to my car, my dining partner weaving and wobbling her way carefully through the grassy lawn with her high heels. We make it to the car, I'm pulling us toward I35 in the meal's afterglow and all of a sudden she spouts "Do you smell shit??". Umm, not so much. "Are you sure??" I don't THINK I smell shit. In a panic, the Louboutin comes off and she inspects the brilliant red sole. It's inconclusive. All of a sudden it just about is UP my nose and she says "SEE IT SMELLS LIKE SHIT!!" Umm...yes, yes it does. Just make sure you find the front door and use the valet...
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/22/2013,70,221,1,7,3>You know it's going to be a good place when you are handsomely greeted at the door. The second you walk in you are thanked for coming and seated. The place is a small comfy diner tucked in a small shopping center in Richardson.  I ordered the Gyro sandwich. It came with fries and a cup of soup. The soup was nothing special just the regular cheese broccoli. The sandwich was amazing!!! I wasn't expecting it to be as huge as it was. The meat was cooked perfectly and a little crisp. The sauce was on the side which is perfect because you can add as little or drown it if you wish! The waitress was wonderful, very attentive and friendly! This place is perfect for breakfast, lunch and dinner. I think I just added another place to my favorite stops!
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,3/21/2013,170,284,1,9,6>Some restaurants are good because they met whatever expection you may have had for dinner that night, others are good because they met the expectation of what the cook/owner had in mind for your dinner that night. While this place didnt overly excite me, there's no doubt it met its mark for good, simple food.Atmosphere: Given the menu and a quick look at the website, the restaurant was much bigger and more refined (although still casual) than the pub atmosphere I expected. There's a large bar along one wall with many wooden booths inside and a great patio overlooking Henderson.Service: quick, friendly and accomodating- I love when someone offers to pour a hot cup of coffee over ice : )Food: We got a good old fashioned cheese burger after the waiter informed us it was rated 3rd best in Dallas- by who? IDK. and who was rated first? I had to ask! but I was of course redirected haha. Although it was a good burger with a fabulous runny yoke on top, can't say it was the third best burger of my life.The fish and chips made no attempt to re-invent the wheel but the fish couldnt have been more fresh or expertly cooked.tips: you may have to ask for the brunch menu as it wasnt immediately offered up and you can use the large parking lot in back without having to valet if its before 3pm
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2012,3/20/2013,213,499,5,6,8>I had finally gotten to the point where I thought I was over my cupcake obsession.  Then Trailercakes moved in next door.I had never made it to the old B&M spot but had gotten to try a couple varieties at Cupcake Camp and from their trailer on a few occasions.  They were yummy.  Apparently so is every flavor that they make, because now that they're finally open I decided I deserved a small tasting of mini-cupcakes to make up for a shitty day (that's how you deal with adult problems, after all).  So by now I've tried red velvet, strawberry fields, cookie monster, Elvis, pb&j, "Jack" (pumpkin), and whatever the chocolate marshmallow one is.  Holy jeez, they're all delicious.  (Edit: today I had a chocolate ganache one with peanut butter inside...this one was a bit dry)Don't worry if it doesn't look like they're open yet--they were still finishing up the decor and whatnot when I went, but I assure you that delicious cupcakes are available for immediate consumption!  Do yourself a favor and try them out.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2012,3/19/2013,232,223,1,16,5>Reason for the 5 Stars. Best Chinese good in the area! The place is clean. You can see the cooking in action. The service is excellent (very surprising). Normally, Chinese restaurant = bad service. Yes, it's a stereotype and it's true. Haha... Anyways, the tofu dish is recommended and the walnut shrimps! I love this place more than any other Chinese restaurant to be honest. My bf and I went in and picked random dishes! And every single dish was good. The eggplant with the garlic sauce... Yum! Compare to other Chinese restaurant it's decent pricing and maybe even the cheapest! Every plate cost about $8 bucks... even the special dish are around the same price. I love it! Good and cheap! 5 STARS!!!!! DUH!Tip- Dine in. The portion are bigger if you dine in. :D Every dish comes with a rice bowl. So if you're doing family style dining... you have to order extra rice for others. It's just a dollar so don't complain!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2012,3/18/2013,132,558,7,6,5>This place is a perfectly trashy little addition to lower Greenville... to tell you the truth I'd more expect it to be in Deep Ellum, so its refreshing I suppose. "Tang" related drinks seem to be all the rage and they even have a Yoohoo drink here. We packed em in for a going away party and took over the end of the trailer, I mean bar. I like the way this little spot lights up inside at night and its got that trailer thing down. Bartender did his best to keep up with the unexpected mid week crowd... good job Mr. Tending to Yelp Elite drunks can be a real pain in the ass. Its a great starter before heading to the next drunken monkey...
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/17/2013,100,181,3,5,4>I found this place based on everyone's reviews on Yelp- so thank you Yelpers for showing me the light.  First of all, I must address their OMG cookies.  Absolutely delicious.  So scrumptious to the point that I'll actually slap someone across the face if they ever disagreed.  I'm glad I had gotten more than one because my husband and I tore those cookies up!  Best thing I've ever eaten-period.So I had placed an order online for my husbands birthday since I'm only awake at night and sleep during the day due to my working hours.  Well it says online to call a certain # to confirm the order.  I called but no answer.  No biggie for me.  I called again couple days later, no answer again.  I started getting worried.  I tried again and again but I could never get through.  So the day I was meant to pick up my order, I was hoping that order did get through.  Well, it never did.  I honestly mentally prepared myself for this.  I had spent so much time trying to plan a nice surprise for my husband but everything was slowly going to shits esp since he was sick in bed with the flu.  I digress though.  Rebecca explained the phone line had been down and she never got my online order but was able to back track and see I really did place one.  She felt bad about the whole thing esp since it was a large order.  She went ahead and comp'd me a gift box filled with whatever I wanted in the shop.  It was incredibly kind of her.  I insisted on paying but she wouldnt have it bc she felt at fault for losing the order since she fell sick and hadn't been at work to keep tabs on orders being placed online.  The way she handled the whole situation made me respect her so much.  Even if I didnt love the sweets I still would've gone back to this location.  The cookies have me so hooked that I've already started spreading the word after my first bite.  The desserts were fantastic and customer service was outstanding.  I will be back!
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,3/16/2013,435,2415,2,8,4>Great new addition to One Arts Plaza!  I love the French bistro decor, especially the red ceiling!  Our server was very pleasant and quite attentive.  For a business lunch they had us in and out pretty quick, so no complaints there.  The food was good too - we both tried the quiche (chorizo, onion and potato) with a side salad.  I definitely want to come back and try one of the champagne cocktails...ooh la la!
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/15/2013,462,279,12,11,9>Uncle Uber's, how do I love thee?  Let me count the ways.*Your sandwiches make me drool.  I don't mean while I'm eating them.  Hell, I don't even mean right before I eat them.  I mean you make me wish I lived above you so I could sneak in your kitchen at 1am and have a shaved Ribeye sandwich.  *drool*  (which I would never do...really *blink*)*Your friendly staff never misses a beat when it takes me 10 minutes to order, even though I know exactly what I want to eat when I walk through the door.  Ok, maybe I change my mind a time or two...or three.  Four max.  Seriously.*You serve beer for the Saturday afternoons when I just can't help but pair my Roast Beef Sandwich with a cold brew.  Thank you, my friend.*You live in the heart of my favorite neighborhood.  I know, this isn't something you planned just for me.  It just happens to be quite convenient for me.  Sayin.Bottom line, I love you, Uncle Uber.  You make my sandwich dreams come true.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,3/14/2013,491,214,3,9,6>Wow. All that is random can literally be found here at Random!  This is a fun & cute store where you can find vintage items,used items, & new items such as, art, jewelry, books, tchotchkies, & house decor. The owner is a great approachable guy who seems to know about every lil thing in his shop,  which seems hard based on the amount of random content!  I bought an item here as a gift for a friend.  So I settle on a gift after having fun browsing the entire store, & happily take my purchase to the front. I asked the owner if he had a small box for it & in turn he asked if it was a gift & offered to wrap it for me w/out any additional charge! The wrapping was beautiful, btw, & was masculine enough to not look girlish. Also, they have sales & clearance items.  The weekend I went, Random was paying sales tax on the customers' behalf to get in the back to school shopping spirit. Pretty cool!This will be my go-to place for gifts & gift cards. These cards are not your typical Hallmark card. They are artistic & a lil kooky - perfect for expressing your feelings in a more meaningful way.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2012,3/13/2013,325,161,10,13,7>Finger licking good!Ever get a craving for some fried chicken but don't want it in a bucket? Come to Chicken Scratch and enjoy the pecan honey glazed fried chicken. The dining area isn't very large but there is plenty of outdoor seating to be found as it is attached to The Foundry next door. My go to dish is the breast quarter with the homemade Mac n cheese or mash potatoes and gravy. I also have a special liking for their sweet n salty fries. The drink selection is local organic soft drinks, but the strawberry cream soda is so good. I've often been mesmerized by the huge rotisserie with dripping fat glistening off their bodies. Sadly unless you order at least half a bird you cant have one. One day, need to get a few friends to share. You scratch my back...
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,3/12/2013,2651,100,14,25,21>**Spicy alert**Sonny Donuts is a little shop in Lewisville, on the northwest corner of 121 and MacArthur.  They have some pretty good looking donuts, but I can't get past the spicy sausage kalochies.  I have an addiction with spicy foods, and I know breads may not be the best for you; sometimes I need that little spicy cheat meal / treat.  Now mind you, they have a small version, where the hot cheese and bits of jalapeno surround the little sausage inside the kalochies. The larger kalochies have the hot cheese and jalapeno bits are inside the sausage, both great just slightly different.Drinks are in abundance here from fresh hot coffee to cold juices and energy drinks.This little donut shop is always clean and shiny!  Welcoming cheerful greetings are always coming from the work staff here.  If you get a large order to take into the office, sometimes they slip you a small bag of donut holes.Bottom line, great customer service and some very wonderful tasty spicy kalochies!
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,3/11/2013,116,45,16,6,5>Good ol' Tin Room. Okay, since everybody else is reviewing the bar, I'm gonna review all the gogo dancers (currently). To make it interesting, I'm going to review them by comparing them to various alcoholic drinks!Gianni is always smiling. He's a good Jager shot. If you start the night with him, you'll know it'll be fun.Jesse is a Vodka Redbull. He wakes you up, and keeps you going!One Jose is the Bloody Mary, just enough spice to light your fire.The other Jose is the Tequila shot, strong.Tyler is all American, like an apple pie shot.Ryan is sweet and smooth, a Lemon Drop.Joey is a Vodka shot, right to the point!Alec is a Guinness Beer, rough and butch.And Tony the bartender is a long island tea. Stronger than you expect, but goes down easy.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2012,3/10/2013,258,201,6,2,3>I'm Pho-ddicted. I want to bathe in a sea of broth and dress in rice noodles. I want to eat my way across an Atlantic Ocean full of pho. I want to put it in my backyard hose and drink it from a faucet. I want it all. And sometimes I want it all at 12:45 am.And at Dalat, that's totally okay! In fact, it's encouraged. And therefore, I love it. I've had the Beef Pho. I've had the Chicken Pho. BF has had their version of a Banh Mi with at least two different meats and proclaimed them both stellar. The spring rolls are good - but alas, not my most favorite (that's the only holdout on the 5th star). As others have mentioned, the condiment bar is THE way to go. I like to load up my pho with enough jalapenos to kill a small city in Mexico, and famed condiment bar lets me do just that. Plus, they are extremely thin, just the way they should be. I don't really get the pickled onions. I get some anyway cause they're pretty tasty on their own, but I don't allow them to get in the pho pool and play with the rest of the kids. The staff is awesome. Every time I order takeout they're super nice, both over the phone and in person. I think someone else may have mentioned this but they have a few tables outside where you can sit and eat if its nice. Oh, and a pretty decent collection of rag mags if you want to keep up with the latest Robsten scandal or Miley Cyrus' new haircut. Of course, I don't because I only read Nobel prize winning romance...*ahem* novels with intriguing social commentary.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/9/2013,177,158,2,7,5>After many visits to the farmers market and bypassing Pecan lodge we finally decided to wait in line (not too bad on a January morning) and try it.Despite all the wonderful reviews I've read, I was dubious. How can this possibly be better than my Lockharts?? I was convinced it couldn't compete ...hence not making the effort to eat here in the pastHowever this trip to the FM the stars aligned. It was open (starts at 11am) and the queue wasn't awful so setting loyalties aside we stood in line and waited.Oh my...!!! Pecan lodge is wonderful and every bit as fabulous as my beloved Lockharts.The stall is situated in shed  2 of the afore mentioned farmers market and I know the wait can be an hour plus some days. Today, though, we waited just 30 minutes and now I've tasted the goodness I would easily wait an hour or moreThe brisket was unbelievably tender with just the right amount of fat versus meat to make it heavenly.We also tried the pulled pork which hubby loved and the homemade sausage. All meats were delicious but the brisket was the best in my humble opinionThe Mac and cheese (our side) was delicious too. Small pieces of added bacon and fab texture..none of that plastic nonsense some BBQ joints churn outSo....two thumbs up Pecan lodge. You have a new fan
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,3/8/2013,290,376,5,11,8>I've been so behind on my reviews, so today am playing catch-up.This location is quite large, very nicely built out, atmosphere is pleasant and upscale, with dim lighting.  The open kitchen is highly visible from the huge square dining area.  There is also an outside seating area on the patio.  This Park Cities location feels more open and has much more space that the one in Addison, which I used to frequent for business lunches.  Hadn't been in several years, so was looking forward to a return visit to "Houston's", now Hillstone.A friend was in from out of town, and as this is one of her favorite Dallas spots, off we went for an early mid-week lunch.  We arrived about 1115 so were promptly seated in a comfy, very large booth along the back wall.Greeted by an immaculately dressed friendly server, Darien.  He quickly took our orders for tea and milk for my friend's 9 year old daughter.We started with the spinach artichoke dip which was pretty tasty with the pita triangles.  It was a generous serving so I used some restraint so as not to get too full before my entree arrived.OMG, the Thai Chicken Noodle salad was simply amazing.  When Darien placed  that humongous bowl of tender moist chicken, noodles, sweet mangos, creamy avocado slices, green onions, ripe tomatoes and mixed greens in front of me, I was certain this was an order for two.  I knew right away a to-go container was in my future.  The Thai dressing (I ordered more on the side) was the icing on the cake (salad).  The flavors blended perfectly, just enough of a slightly tangy and sweet combination.  One of the best salads in town.  I had asked about some rolls and Darien suggested some cheese bread which was the perfect accompaniment.  Four rectangular pieces delivered piping hot. (And, at no charge.  What a deal!)My friend had the French Dip Sandwich with fries.  That bun was stuffed with thin slices of beef hanging out the sides of the sandwich.  She said it was deliciousHer daughter always orders chicken fingers and fries anywhere we go.  These were not listed on the menu, but Darien gladly said he would ask the Chef for this special dish.  She loved them.  KUDOS to Darien for such accommodating service.It was a most enjoyable visit; atmosphere, service and food a stellar 5 stars.  Yes, Hillstone is pricey; $18 for the salad, $20 for the sandwich, $15 for the chicken fingers.  However, the quality and portions seem to make this palatable for the wallet on an occasional visit.Can't wait to go back next time she comes to Big D :)
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,3/7/2013,443,598,31,24,12>Let's get nekkid!  This idea would only be awesome if King Spa was totally coed, but it's not. It's only same sex nekkidness in the bath areas, sad face for me but happy face for some others. I don't care if you stare, just no touchy.So a bunch of reviews here have it pretty much down. You pay.You take off shoes like you're at an Asian person's house.You put your shoes into the shoe locker. You go to big locker, get nekkid, and put your stuff in big locker.You shower and get hot or get cold depending on which tub you get into. Hopefully you shower again before you leave.You put on a uniform and and go out into the coed areas.You go into other rooms and sweat."Sweat baby sweat baby, sex is a Texas drought..." STOP. NOPE. There's no tomfoolery tolerated at this place. I've seen cops here arrest people for doing inappropriate stuff here. Don't even try it. There may not be cameras around, but staff is vigilant and they're serious about keeping this place safe. Also, you know you're gonna sweat it out here so hydrate before, during, and after your stay here. You don't want to be carted off in an ambulance. If you get so relaxed that you don't want to go home, you can stay the night. Personally, I've slept in the movie room and in front of the big screen in the main area since the recliners are somewhat comfortable. I would bring ear plugs and maybe a light blanket if you're planning ahead. If you're looking for a good deal I would check out groupon or living social every once in awhile.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,3/6/2013,273,145,2,6,5>Joseph Stingley is unlike any yoga you've experienced. Come try his class.  To find the place go to his website and the directions are very clear on there.  You'll leave feeling refreshed and having a great workout.  The rooms are kept warm also.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/5/2013,117,157,3,8,5>This is my all-time most favorite Indian restaurant. They regularly have a lavish buffet, but if my favorite dish is not on the buffet (it usually is not), I will order it as a stand alone meal. I LOVE Aloo Baigan and they do such a masterful job with it. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water. I was visiting here with a friend a few years ago when the waiter got tickled with us savoring our meals and suggested we try Madras Soup. He explained that it was tomato and coconut - and I kinda balked. He said, "look, if you don't like it after one sip, you won't have to pay for it." So - of course, I had to try it! OMG - awesome! I nearly licked the bowl. I now get it every time I visit. I also love their galub jamun and the pistachio kulfi.The tables are always adorned with clean cloth table cloths and cloth napkins with beautiful silverware. The meals are reasonably priced for the portions and the quality. Even if I'm dressed like a complete slob, I'm treated like a queen here - whether I come by myself or with friends. Everyone is so gracious. As you look around at other patrons in the restaurant, everyone is always smiling because of the awesome food and great service.When you order an entree, they provide pappadam and mint and tamarind chutneys - OMG awesome!LOVE this place. I've probably ordered take-out as many times as I've dined in - and the food is still piping hot and awesome when I open it at home as it is when dining in. I regret that I live so far away that I rarely get to come here anymore. OMG - I love this place! LOVE!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,3/4/2013,434,194,5,15,10>Sometimes you're in the mood for a great hot dog. Not the standard boiled ball park frank on a dry white bread bun, but a REALLY REALLY awesome work of hot dog art. Jerry's is your place. Originally a California based franchise, Jerry's has moved East into the DFW area with their first location in the beautiful Lakewood area of Dallas. Its easily situated on Gaston Ave between La Vista and Abrams close to the Lakewood Theater. Front door parking is somewhat limited, but you can certainly find plenty of parking across the street or in the Lakewood shopping center area. When I first entered the place, I immediately noticed two things. 1. The distinct smell of mesquite wood filling the air and 2. the immaculate condition of the place. I mean the place is really really clean. Floors, counter tops, tables, everything looks great! Dining areas are not dirty, bathrooms are in good shape and the place gives you an overall good feeling that this isn't some greasy spoon type of hot dog dive. Flat panel TV's showing all the current games are all around and they play some pretty good 80/90's/00' music! Buckets of peanuts are on each table giving you something to snack on while waiting for your food. Menu options are on your left as you enter. You have your choice of favorites such as a traditional Chicago style dog, spicy LA style dog, or a build your own type of dog with a variety of franks and toppings. They also do have traditional style burgers, salads and food for kids, but let's be honest...hot dogs are what you're there for! Well..that and the beer/wine too!Ordering is simple...tell em what you want, they take your money and give you a device that looks either like a taser or a beeper. Drinks are dispensed via a SUPER COOL futuristic soda machine (is this 2050 or what?). Once your order is ready you can add additional toppings via their numerous condiment bar. Just ask for any extra sauce, pickles, onions..whatever. They'll take care of you right. The best part about the food, besides the amazing flavor, is the beautiful appearance. Burgers, dogs, fries, o-rings...all look amazing! (see photos) You can tell the quality of the food is there...and it translates into a tasty meal. The dogs are big enough to be very satisfying, while not being too much, too sloppy or just obnoxious. Who wants to try and eat a hot dog when all the toppings slide off with the first bite? Not here. Sides (fries/o-rings) are very good...crispy on the outside and soft/tasty on the inside. No over cooking or soggy fries here. Overall the meals I've had at Jerry's Wood-Fired Dogs have been very good and I highly recommend them. BONUS: This place has a gorgeous outdoor patio on the backside, facing the Lakewood theater! Can't wait to try this place in the Spring/Early Summer!ENJOY!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,3/3/2013,0,566,7,6,6>I... am in trouble. I mean, we're talking a life-threatening situation here. And it's all Kenny's fault.I now work in a location that is exactly in-between Kenny's Burger Joint and Kenny's Smoke House. Not only are there possible resonance and ion-based polarizing physical effects of being at the midpoint of two incredible dining destinations, but I am now simply in close vicinity to two ridiculously unhealthy and tempting places to eat. This is bad for both my sanity and my cholesterol. Anyway, I've always thought Kenny should open a BBQ joint since my first visit to KBJ when I tried his glorious pork ribs, so I knew this place would be good. But I didn't expect a contender for the best meal of my life. Here are my thoughts on my three-item meal:- Beef ribs: Never had a beef rib before, so now I know what I've been missing my whole life. These were HUGE! Bigger than my head (I have a fat head) and enough meat to make even Fred Flintstone jealous. (I saved the bones so I can work out later.) But yeah, they were so delicious thanks to the perfect fat and smoke content. I'd say they were a tadddddd overcooked, but then again, I've never had beef ribs before.- Smoked Gouda Mac n Cheese: Soooo, I used to think Fat Cow BBQ in Lewisville had the best basic mac and cheese, but this stuff blows them out of the water. It's probably in the Top 10 of best things I ever put in my mouth. Creamy, smoked Gouda + diced high-quality ham = flavor explosion and perfect texture.- Blue Cheese Potato Salad: Read those words again slowly. Go ahead, I'll give you time. Now add BACON to the mix. I mean, can potato salad get any better? Not to me. This was also the best dish of its kind that I've ever eaten. As for service and ambiance, I got my order to-go, so can't speak tooooo much toward that. But the bartender lady who took my order was super-nice and accommodating, plus the rest of the space was lively and seemed like everyone was having a good time.So! Since I'm going to die soon from ingesting too many calories, I'll spend my last days at Kenny's Smoke House. It is simply among the best BBQ places you'll find.
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/2/2013,97,33,25,22,13>five stars, supported by the following reasons:1. look at that name.  a name like that means business.  a name like that defies restaurant concept and tells you what's up.  you will remember it as you drive down midway and say to yourself, "dafuq was that place?"2. the adorable chinese-koreans running the place.  maybe i am guilty of racial bias but whenever i see asian small business owners i immediately want them to succeed and have all the greatest things in life.  i also want to do well in grad school and make them proud.3. the prices are crazy affordable.  you're paying fast food prices for made-to-order, delicious chicken cooked by the aforementioned adorable owners.  not an apathetic high school student who's breaking up with his girlfriend via text message while he throws your frozen chicken strips in the deep fryer until it reaches the mealiest consistency possible.4. the chicken is delicious.  my expectations were not high.  i expected them to be inoffensive and forgettable strips.  i thought they would get soggy, because i took too long trying and failing to find coconut water at a gas station.  but they were perfectly crispy, well-seasoned, a bit spicy, and basically everything i want in my mouth all the time.5. look at that name again.  it's amazing.edit: by the way, the owners speak both mandarin and korean.  they actually have a secret korean menu, which will benefit you if you can read hangul.  they make a lot of classic korean dishes like jajangmyeon and japchae, even making their own noodles by hand.  where the hell else could you get your jajangmyeon with a side of fried okra?  so in love right now.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,3/1/2013,686,887,4,13,12>Food was so great I came here twice in three days...and mind you, I hardly go out! that says a lot!!!!FIrst night I came here was on a Wednesday. I was here with other yelpers...we had a going party for Frances. I had the creamy jalapeno soup and a mixure of haystack fries with sweet potato fries. Food was great! it didn't taste like frozen food, fried, thrown on the plate and brought it out to you. I loved the soup!!! it was so good! first time having jalapeno soup and standards are set kind of high. That's not all I had though :) you see, I sat next to Ben E, and he ordered everything on the menu. So I took a bite out of everything he ordered from the menu. hahahah. I got a taste of hog wings and it was delicious!!! they were chunks of ribs soaked in buffalo sauce. He also ordered a grill cheese with creamy jalapeno soup. I took a bite of that, too. ehhehe it was also freaking delicious and it went great with the creamy jalapeno soup! I came back on a Saturday after with a few friends. For the second night I had a smoke salmon board. I didnt care much for the cheese because it had no flavor but I guess it shouldnt have any flavor so the smoke salmon could stand out. Salmon was smokey like it should! Delicious! We shared an ordered of portobello mushrooms and it was good, too. Taste better dipped with the ranch they give you. They give you three, not the thick or too creamy one. But the one in the middle...yumm!!! I love that they offer Woodchuck because I can't drink beer. Cider is my go to if I don't want cocktails. I settled for the raspberry woodchuck. It was just like a Smirnoff! Dangerous because you could keep drinking and drinking!!!!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2013,2/28/2013,973,92,36,41,36>4 months after opening, the Dallas faithful have welcomed Austin's Hopdoddy burger bar with open arms, as lines are often seen out of door most weekend nights. The staffer's here are very friendly, welcoming you with a warm greeting as they hand you a menu to look over. Fortunately, the food here is similarly cheerful, well-thought-out and prepared with care, which helps explain those long lines. These burgers are one a kind. big, solid hamburgers, made from juicy, beefy chuck and brisket ground in-house, also very flavorful and moist. I prefer my cow medium-rare but they can make it whichever way you like. From the 2 times that I've been here I have had the Llano Poblano and Magic Shroom burgers. Out of those 2 the Shroom takes the cake. Goat cheese and mushrooms?! You can't pass that up!You must of course have fries to go with this, and Hopdoddy's are terrific: They're fresh, crispy shoestrings cut from Kennebec potatoes. The green chili queso blends perfectly with the fries. To top it all off, you might try one of their thick, richly flavored milkshakes. The Nutella and chocolate pretzel is my recommendation. Well what are you waiting for? Stop reading this and "Hop" on over there already!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,2/27/2013,120,328,12,7,3>Call your woman and tell her not to cook tonight.  Swing through the drive-thru and order the special.  Two yard birds, rice, beans, salsa, tortillas, and limes.  If they ask you if you want anything extra, tell them as much salsa verde as they can give you without charging you.  When you get home, you'll dig into that chicken like a wild dog from smelling it in the car, after you say the Lord's prayer of course.  Pour yourself a cold Indio (they sell that here now) and enjoy all the appreciation you receive from the wife and kids.  Yes, you are father of the year.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,2/26/2013,83,141,,2,2>Greetings from India!! I have my days mixed up and cant sleep...so I thought I would catch up on my reviews.I got to the airport early with much anticipation on my long journey to India. I wanted to have a few beverages before getting on the plane to kill time....so I walked into Tigin. The place is crowded...hardly anywhere to sit. I was lucky to get a seat at the bar and opened up my laptop. I had a few Newcastles and had a great time talking to the bartender about his travel adventures. He was also playing some great music from his phone. I also had a great chat with someone going to Scotland. I never seem to eat in any of my reviews...but this is a great place to grab some food...away from the fast food places.
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/25/2013,59,177,,5,5>It was an impromptu trip to this restaurant on a Thursday night and we were glad that this place did not disappoint.It was jam packed and we had to wait for 40 minutes to get a table.  Definitely reserve a table if you don't wish to wait.Their drinks menu has a lot of original ones and since we could not decide, we went with the waitresses's choice - Wabbit Smash (it tasted a lot like Mojito with a carrot twist) and Texas Bluebonnet (Nothing blue in it). We wanted to try the shishito peppers since we had never heard about it. It was not spicy at all, with just some granulated salt and grilled lemon's juice all over it and went well with the drinks.I ordered the Farm Bird - very moist meat and I loved the hash. Hubby got the Mesquite Grilled Red fish. It was flaky and with the spinach risotto, the fish disappeared faster than the bird on my plate.Ordered some more drinks - the Great Escape (not worth the $12 for 4 huge blocks of ice and few sips of drink) and the featured drink - American - which came in a tall glass and packed a punch.We could not resist ordering the Whiskey Cake and I can say this is definitely one of the best desserts I have had. My husband who does not like desserts took more out of the cake than I did. I had to fight for my share :-) The cake is so moist and the home made cream made all the difference. The service was good. The waitress checked on us every now and then and the dishes came out quicker than I expected with all the crowd.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2012,2/24/2013,104,67,2,7,7>Maraca's  in the former Monica's space in Deep Ellum.  The menu is the same with a few new menu items.There's a new make over with the interior.  It's bright and modern.  I LOVE the fact the patio was opened up and now has an area that flows.  You do get a view of downtown's evening lights.  The service at Maraca'a is exceptional.  They don't leave your glass empty, the chips and salsa keep coming.  My usual server I love is Javier.  He's worked there for years and knows what I want to eat.  He asks about my family to see how they are doing.  The staff at Maraca's will remember you and make you feel comfortable.  Maraca's has several specials during the week you can't beat if you are on a budget.  Half price Tex-Mex platters on Tuesdays, Half prize appetizers Thursdays and $3.50 margaritas.  The best thing about the menu is the queso.  Hands down the best queso in anywhere!  I order it every time I visit Maraca's.  Give it a try, you will come back for more.  Fridays and Saturdays, the band, Chilo plays.  They will get you up to dance if it's your birthday or not.  Sometimes you will have a conga line flowing through the restaurant.  Seriously.  There is always a fun party vibe Friday and Saturday nights with Chilo in the house.By the way, they serve $1 mimosas on Sundays for Brunch.  Give Maraca's a visit.  Your tummy will thank you for it.
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2012,2/23/2013,725,843,5,5,6>I do not like coffee.  It's gross.I do not like mocha.  It's gross with chocolate.However, someone brought in Original Cupcakery cupcakes in my office and the only one left was--you got it--mocha.  And I am not about to let my arch nemisis coffee keep me from having a cupcake!  So I ate it anyway--espresso bean be damned.  And it was amazing.  I cannot wait to try the other flavors.  If they can make mocha taste so amazing imagine what they can do with the raspberry cake and champagne icing!!See you Saturday Cupcake!
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,2/22/2013,190,305,8,7,7>"Hi, my name's Ashley. I'm not important. I just really like to eat." Those were my brilliantly regretful words when meeting co-owner Randall Copeland at a foodie happy hour early in the summer of last year when I learned he was opening a new restaurant in Bishop Arts. It was true - compared to the who's who of happy hour attendees, I wanted to be clear that I wasn't an 'official' foodie, just a self-proclaimed lover of food who happened to know someone kind enough to put me on the guest list. His response was perfection - "Hi, I'm Randall. I'm not important either. I just like to cook." So you could say he had me at 'hello.' While Copeland's business partner Nathan Tate is actually the chef here at Boulevardier, I figure he must be fabulous by association. And fabulous, this place is. Start with one of the eight specialty craft cocktails or make a selection from the wine list (which includes both French and stateside options)... no matter, it'll be great since it seems that all have been chosen with purpose and care. Small plates I've loved include the charcuterie plate (go all-in and get the "big board" with foie - a tad spendy, but excellent with perfectly paired accoutrements) and the cheese plate follows suit. The oyster selection with mignonette has been top notch, and while the french onion soup is a standard offering (for a French-inspired restaurant), it's very well-executed here. Read: you'll burn your mouth and get tons of gooey cheese.Don't miss the crawfish beignets. In fact, better go with two orders. The redfish was good, but the bouillabaisse and steak frites on our table looked better.It's a small, cute spot at the edge of Bishop Arts, and parking will nearly always be an issue, so just plan ahead or valet. But don't let parking inconvenience deter you from making a visit. Service on both my visits has been very friendly, with a mix of young/experienced servers. In fact, the server for my most recent table made me do a double-take - both his accent and appearance had me fooled that he could be related to Wolfgang Puck (meant as a compliment).
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,2/21/2013,65,57,15,4,4>Does heaven have a grocery store?  If so, it probably looks like Central Market. Central Market turns otherwise dull and chore-like shopping into a blissful experience:- The fresh produce section makes it look almost fun to eat your veggies.  - The fresh squeezed juices make you never want to drink Tropicana again.- The wine selection brings out your inner (or not so inner) alcoholic.- The candy aisle is the one you dreamed about when you were a little kid.- The deli selection makes you want to buy enough food for a house party, to eat yourself.    I really can't think of one bad thing to say about Central Market.  Although, one time at the seafood aisle, the guy did put my order together with an Asian girl's order.  Obviously he assumed that the only two Asians in the room Must be a couple.  It was rude and offensive!!  She was cute though.  Probably should have gotten her number.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,2/20/2013,236,272,5,6,5>Olivella's has everything that it takes to be a great business here in Dallas. I love the nautical atmosphere, and their fabulous patio! The last time I stopped in, which was last Sunday, I noticed that we were the ONLY ones in the restaurant. I was rather surprised, because the food is absolutely fantastic! Maybe they should create a brunch menu - Dallasites LOVE their brunch.For all the greatness of the food, however, there are a couple of things that need work. First off - the waiters need to look and act more professional. I have seen one waiter wearing a short-sleeve shirt and shorts, which I thought was unprofessional. The waiter who assisted us last Sunday did a fine job of getting everything to us when we requested it, but every time I turned around, he was sitting at the bar, playing with his phone. Not exactly something that patrons want to see!  Still - the food will keep me coming back here. The pizza rivals that of the great Cane Rosso, with great and robust sauce, Mozzarella that is to die for, and a crispy, crackly crust. The truffle oil pizzas are absolutely divine - worth a try at least once, even if it isn't your thing. The pepperoni roll is wonderful, and I love their dessert pizza. Where else can I get marshmallows, apples, and Nutella all rolled into one yummy concoction?
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,2/19/2013,291,215,7,6,5>This was my first experience at a Brazilian steakhouse, and I was so glad I went!My bf and I went around 8:45pm on Saturday, and it was very busy. The restaurant is fairly small, and there were a few large parties there. There is a little convenience store to the left in a separate room, and we thought we walked into the wrong entrance because there was no hostess stand, and there was a guitarist playing to the immediate left.A young server girl walked up to us, and we asked for a table. She looked very flustered, said that they were "soooooo busy" and she did not know how long we would have to wait for a table. How unprofessional, get your act together. She was basically implying that we should leave. We saw some open spots at the bar, and asked if we could sit there. She seemed hesitant (why??) even though there was another customer sitting there, and said that it should be fine. The area behind the bar stores their glassware and dinnerware; the same girl ran back there and was talking to us about how busy they were and how they didn't have clean plates. I just found it so strange that she was complaining to us, and she really did not seem to have control over ANYTHING. We asked if we could get started on the buffet section while we waited for a table to get cleaned. The buffet doesn't look that appealing, but I really liked everything I had from it. The salad section is very simple; I didn't see any toppings (must've gone up there at an "in between" time). They had fried fish, french fries, fried bananas, lasagna... I thought the fish was pretty good.We got seated at a table, and immediately, servers started coming to our table with the skewers of meat. The picanha was sooo delicious - it was tender and the seasoning was amazing. The sugared pineapple was also really yummy. The garlic chicken was okay, and I liked the sausage. There were some other selections, but the picanha was definitely the best. I ended my meal with a slice of flan from the buffet. It was just okay - the texture was a little too much like cottage cheese for me.For $20/person, this place is a fantastic value. Our cans of coke were $1.50 each, but looking around, it seemed like people brought their own beers.I would recommend this place to anyone; the only sour note of the experience was that girl server who was honestly just so annoying and unprofessional. I'm sure the restaurant gets that busy all the time, so there really was no reason to be so flustered, and not even be able to estimate wait times.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2012,2/18/2013,326,673,17,28,17>I've now used prestigious pets for a few 3-7 day trips out of town and so far have been completely satisfied. Their prices are reasonable (cheaper than boarding), the service is provided by individuals who live in your same zip code, and booking is easy. Once you've done the initial setup of giving them two sets of house keys and filled out some minor paperwork on your pets (their names/needs/wants), you can basically just submit an online form, they send an invoice by email, you pay, and then you're set! Prices for holidays are a little bit higher than normal days, but not by that much ($18 vs. $23/day for 2 pets). My animals always seem happy to see me upon my return but not traumatized by my absence, which is about all you can hope for. If you check in with Yelp, you can get 10% off!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2012,2/17/2013,2824,154,7,15,10>Move over Torchy's, I'm dumping you for Velvet Taco.  (By the way, it's called Velvet Taco because they sell red velvet cake slices as their specialty and they sell tacos.)Why 5 stars and why is this my new, most favorite place?  - freshest tortillas ever (the corn ones are to die for)- super, unique combos (#3 Chicken Tikki; #5 Fried Paneer; #18 Main Lobster Roll; just to name a few)- side of rotisserie corn (A-Mazing!)- open late night (went there twice in one day; 2nd at 2:30 in the morning so technically not the same day)- sell beer (I told you Torchy's -- you need to sell beer!)- taco trays (unique way of serving and displaying your order)Try it out.  You'll LOVE IT!!!
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,2/16/2013,541,525,29,19,6>Um.  What. The. Frick?!  Seriously.I have no idea how I got to this place...or what happened after I walked in.  All I know is that I walked in, got my eyebrows did and left.  When I realized I was sitting in my car....I said to myself "what just happened?" Here, I'll explain. Was driving back from lunch and realized my brows were harrier than Bigfoot himself and I needed to get a wax ASAP!  Saw Onyx and pulled in.  When I walked into the salon, I literally stood there staring.  Bright white marble walls and floors, 4 HUGE flat screen TVs, a bar, bartenders, huge chairs, and just the spiciest effing place ever.  Oh did I mention they had a bar.  I did?  Good. A guy came over and asked me how he could help.  I just pointed to my brows and said "wax".  He laughed and called a girl over named "Judy" (I use " " because I know that is not her real name...still cute though).  The wax was all of 5 minutes, and they look freaking amazing.  I'm super zexy.  Seriously, the wax was fantastic and only $10! What got me borderline crazy psycho about this place is that its literally a bar where you can get your nails done and other spa services.  I've never seen anything like it.  Sure you can get wine and stuff at other places, but vodka?? Holy crap.  All the chairs are facing the same direction so you can watch TV.  They supply you with a cocktail menu (all the drink have catchy names) and just relaxation.  Not only that, but everyone and I mean EVERYONE in that salon looked happy, friendly and totally zen.  I will be going back sometime this week for a pedicure with vodka.  I mean, i'll have a vodka with my pedicure. Or just a vodka.  I'm confused.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2012,2/14/2013,851,315,11,8,8>I went to Sprouts for the first time ever a few weeks ago with some co-workers. We went and had lunch, and not only was it phenomenal, but I got a sandwich with sprouts on it.. SPROUTS! Get it? Cause the name... and sprouts. Incredible.But aside from being able to buy sprouts at Sprouts, they have a huge selection of everything I love to cook with. Vegetarian/Vegan cooking supplies, fresh selection of, well, everything, and all the "rare" things as well, which are a little more pricey, but totally worth it. The lunch I had was fantastic. Tuna sandwich was a good size and was able to customize it as I saw fit. SO I did. I customized the hell out of that sandwich! And it was fantastic! YOLO, right?!?The thing to keep in mind is that it's not called "Sprouts grocery store," it's called a farmers market for a reason. It's a little more "homey" than a grocery, but you can find what you need at typically super reasonable prices.  I love the environment. The staff was super welcoming and helpful for a first-timer like me. So needless to say, I'll be back. Bring your own bags, save the planet, eat cleaner and healthier. Good stuff.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,2/13/2013,334,106,6,13,5>I am new in the Richardson area, so I tried Yelp searching decent hair salons nearby. Nita's Hair had a perfect 5 star rating with 40 reviews. If that's not reliable, I don't know what is. I just did a regular $35 haircut. I didn't necessarily know what I wanted. I just wanted it cut short. Nita was very helpful in letting me decide in what I want done. She was very friendly and personable, including her sister who works with her. My hair turned out really great. I believe that the cost of my basic haircut is LESS than the service provided. She shampooed/conditioned, performed the cut, blow dried, and styled my hair with some fancy good-smelling hair oil and hair straightener. Really? Where I used to go (Super Cuts), all I got was my hair sprayed with water, cut and blow dried. Nothing else.  I used to go to Super Cuts mainly because it's super cheap. Well, you do get what you pay for. I've been getting crappy quality haircuts for the past year. Why didn't I ever invest in a good quality hair cuts?After my visit here, I will be sure to become a regular. For you guys who never been here and are skeptical about trying a new hair salon, trust my review and everyone else's on here. I guarantee that you won't be disappointed.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,2/12/2013,207,491,5,7,3>Have you ever wanted to go to Germany but didn't have enough money for a trip to Europe?   Well, this may be your best chance to get a taste (literally) of Germany without having to spend thousands of dollars.The first thing you notice as you walk up, is a sign that directs you to the Bavarian Grill or to Munich.  Lucky for you, your trip is only a few meters to the left.  As you walk in, you'll see a bar where people are drinking beer.  Ah..  I feel like I'm in Germany already!Lederhosen?!  Yes, Herr Musik (Mr. Music) is wearing traditional Lederhosen and plays the accordian for your listening pleasure.  Sometimes the music is a bit loud, but it's tolerable and he does chide the audience at times.  It's entertaining if that's what you like.  We were meeting friends who had been away for two years and were trying to catch up so that was a bit frustrating.Our friends have already gotten a table and we sit down and decide that we'll order a paprika schnitzel and our friends are ordering the funf (5) Schnitzel platter.  The wife had already eaten so she said she'd just have a small portion and I could have the lions share.  The food was actually quite good.  Schnitzel was good, but I was pretty hungry so I could have eaten more.  I suppose had I not shared the entree, I would have been well sated.  If I had gotten a schnitzel without breading, I would have been starved.  The "warm herbed potato salad" was okay.  It didn't have a lot of taste, though it looked like it was potatoes with a dijon mustard sauce.You get two complimentary baskets of bread, each with 4 different rolls in them.  They're all very tasty.It must have been everyone's birthday because the cowbell birthday song was played 3 times at least while we were there.  They serve up a dessert to the birthday boy or girl and then the waiter or waitress comes out holding a tray of different sized cowbells.  A different waiter, starts playing "Happy Birthday" on these cowbells.  They play at the speed of about, quarter note = 30.  Meaning one beat per two seconds.Hap-pybirth-daytoyouHap-pybirth-daytoyouSo on so forth.  It's super be-labored and the waiter does not seem happy about it, throwing the cowbells into the tray after this musical aptitude test.  It's novelty is high the first time you see it.  The next time, indifference.  The third time, annoyance.  Even the birthday boy was covering his ears it was so loud.The waiter was super nice and helpful.
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,2/11/2013,166,221,,6,4>Behold!Another Hidden Treasure on Bryan St. We not only have Bangkok City, Vietnamese Restaurant, Mai's and El Taco Guerro and Jimmys but there is a new addition to the family of cool eating spots in this part of town.For non locals the area might appear dodgy but it's not really a bad part of town. I finally went to check it out and i was delighted for coming out.I went with the popular mentions so we started out with the Stuffed Chicken Wings which was unique and a winner then we proceeded to the main entree's and i picked the Pad Kee Grow with Beef and a Stir Fry with Shrimp.The Portions were sizable enough and came in contemporary type plates. The Server was very friendly and accommodating . We preferred the Pad Kee Grow more than the Stir Fry dish since it was more flavorful. They don't have a liquor license so its advisable for one to bring an alcoholic beverage to enjoy the meal. The Co Owners made rounds and came out to check on us and ask how we found out about their spot. The Thai Tea was good and the Menu was pretty simple to help one make a decision in a short time.The Food has different stages of Spicy levels but i chose the 4 out of 5 and noticed that it could still use some more spicy but i'm not complaining. Overall the visit was nice, Food and ambiance was great and i will definitely return.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,2/10/2013,149,287,4,5,4>So let's say you're in Frisco...  What once was country livin' is now kinda a happen' place.   But a night life?    Nay, we should go downtown......  --  To far you say?    OkThen let's go to the Shops at Legacy...--  Not in the mood for that either ....  Well, what about just hanging out here locally... --  What you mean like cow tipping, and mudding, or mail box smashing?   No, Frisco actually has some cool places in it's own "downtown".   Lemon Bar is one of the place.  It was packed, the servers where hip (ours was at least), and the food was above average bar food.     So if you're tired of the same ol' same ol' places..... why not try it out if youre in the area.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2012,2/9/2013,74,222,2,5,2>I recently read a review from a Yelper I follow and knew I needed to give SPDM a try.I felt at home the second I walked in. The décor is simple, old school neighborhood bar and dining, very similar to a neighborhood Chicago bar/lounge. Nice long bar on one side of the room and table seating around the rest of the room. One area has a pretty awesome collection of signs, both neon and tin. The other thing I like; just a handful of TVs near the bar area.A server greeted us at the door and told to sit anywhere we'd like, it was after lunch and not crowded.Our server took our drink order straightaway, very friendly guy.The beer list is very worthy, I counted over 45+ bottle beers and at least 10 draft beers. I'm really liking this place already!I ordered the Fish & Chips and she had the Chicken Fried Chicken Sandwich.The one thing I love is when a restaurant use fresh ingredients.The Fish & Chips came with a fresh and creamy tartar sauce that was heavenly. The Fish batter was light and crispy, not oily at all. The fish itself was fresh, tender, and flaky. And the fries too were light and tender. The dish was very satisfying and plentiful with four pieces of fish on a plate covered in fries.The Chicken Fried Chicken Sandwich was over-sized and full of flavors, especially from the fresh grilled jalapenos, very warm and tasty.Another bonus for me was that our server bought out the malt vinegar with the Fish & Chip. I know it doesn't sound like much, but I often have to ask for it at some places that server F&C. And half the time they don't have any. Hmm, F&C and no malt vinegar. *sad face*This was a grand first visit, but it won't be my last I assure you. The bar alone will lure me back in, but the food is a requirement too. I can see coming back for lunch real soon.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,2/8/2013,113,594,4,8,3>I had a great time at S&D.  It started out with our waiter being one of the dying few professional waiters out there.  A true artisan of his craft.  He suggested we get some oysters on the half shell to start out, I was like WHAT!?!? in the middle of July!  So I politely asked where they were from and he said the gulf, at that point I decided I'd pass.  Then he told me about the vendors and the pro shuckers they have there and I was in again because I just can't turn down oysters.  And here I am typing today perfectly fine.  Thank you sir for pushing the oysters.  They were delicious and so was the sauce you made for them.  I got a 10 piece order of the fried shrimp (a classic at S&D) and they were just as tasty as the oysters.  The hush puppies that came with them were very light and fluffy.  I rounded the meal out with some bread pudding that has to rank in my Top 10 of all times.  Another true delicacy.  All in all I was truly impressed and thoroughly enjoyed the meal.  S&D you've made a returning customer out of me!!
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,2/6/2013,107,57,4,8,3>Don''t take my word for it!  All the 5 star reviews speak for me :)  I love their authenticity and their prices for sure.  I usually get the chicharron and cheese pupusa and the bean and cheese pupusa combo ($5.95) that comes with refried black beans (best I've ever had and makes Gloria's look like poop), rice and slaw mix to top your pupusas. Yum!  The staff is always super friendly, do prepare to wait a bit for your order because the little El Salvadorian ladies in the back are making them fresh for you in the back. :)  Go. Eat. There. Now.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,2/5/2013,199,275,2,8,6>D and I always love to try new places. That's kind of the thing, though; once we go somewhere, it loses its shine. It's not new and fun anymore. We check it off our list and look for the next thing. But last night, I was so surprised that D had made a reservation at St. Martins's AND WE'VE ALREADY BEEN THERE. This place is totally worth going back a second time...and a third and fourth, honestly. The food is always spot on, the service is impeccable, and the atmosphere is charming and romantic. At night, there's a live piano player who plays gorgeous classical music. He played both Claire de Lune and Gymnopedie...two of my faves. The other thing is that they strive to provide a five star experience for three star prices. Both times we've gone, they have a wine feast special. For somewhere between $30 and $40 a person, you get three courses and a bottle of wine to split. I've had the famous champagne brie soup which is delicious but heart attack rich. The winning appetizer has been the crispy pork belly with greens and a port reduction. Their meat is always cooked perfectly. I highly recommend the chocolate terrine for dessert. It's dense and fudgey. I also am partial to the Grand Marnier creme brulee. Seriously. So good everytime. Piano music, great service, dim lighting with candles, tasty food....you really can't go wrong. I also suggest the complimentary valet. Don't deal with the parking business on Greenville. Dress is kind of all over though...I've gone in a dress and then ran into some really drunk guy in jeans at the bar swilling back shots of the Louis the XIII that they keep in the glass case behind the bar. Oh Dallas, you silly thing, keeping me guessing!  Either way, delicious and lovely.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,2/4/2013,322,339,7,7,10>The closest thing city kids get to a real pumpkin patch like the one in "It's The Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown" is at the Dallas Farmers Market every October. Pumpkins are piled higher than school buses throughout the complex: gigantic pumpkins, mini pumpkins, and gourds like the Turk's Turban, summer crookneck, horned cucumber, and other decorative gourds can be found among the produce. Every Dallas kid should experience the magic of this pumpkin harvest.That being said, the Farmers Market is a good place to go for produce or to people watch. Stroll through the stalls and check out the local goods. Some of the farmers do come from outside the state, but others come from Corsicana, Athens, and Tyler. Some days have more vendors than others. I've been when the stalls are jammed packed, and I've been when there's been about 8 vendors. Attendance does vary, however, most times I've been, the stalls are buzzing with activity. The produce is better when it's in season. It comes straight from the farm and isn't in a grocery store being pumped full of color, so it may not look as pretty as the fruit and veg in Tom Thumb. It tastes just as good, if not better though. Strawberries and jalapenos are always a solid buys here, and only at a Texas Farmers Market will you find equally appealing salsa and sauerkraut.  Whether you like farm fresh produce or not, check out the market's pumpkins this fall."I could have had candy apples and gum and cookies and money and all sorts of things. But no! I had to listen to you, you blockhead. What a fool I was. Trick or treats come only once a year, and I missed it by sitting in a pumpkin patch with a blockhead. YOU OWE ME RESTITUTION!"- It's The Great Pumpkin Charlie Brown
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,2/3/2013,310,677,1,8,4>For starters: waffle fries topped with gorgonzola cheese. Warm southern style cornbread. Everyone's favorite, spinach artichoke dip and tortilla chips. Delicious fresh salads, my fave being the ahi tuna salad toped with slices of fresh avocado and a light vinaigrette dressing. Excellent variety on the menu. Excellent wine list. Private rooms for large parties. Rockin' service - Joe is awesome. Thank you for replacing the humdrum Fox Sports Gill. Henry's Tavern I am coming back for you!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,2/2/2013,193,251,6,4,5>What can I say.... Wow!!! Monster Yogurt brings the A game. While their tart selections weren't as good as Yummilicious the quality of their frozen yogurts was better. But what really surprised me about Monster Yogurt was the unsurpassed quality / freshness of their toppings: Pomegranate, hot apple pie, fresh whipped cream, fresh and juicy blackberries the list goes on. I'm impressed! Also they have cups available with waffle cone built in! Can you say crispy crunchy yum? This place is awesome for kids, and looks very suited to 8 year olds, replete with childrens play area (Think McDonalds Playland). Its brightly colored, mostly bright green, and the chairs and tables are whimsical, Its very very unadult. I passed this place by many times because of its very kid oriented appearance. I'm sorry I did, because this monster is going back for more soon! Did you read the part about HOT APPLE PIE TOPPING? Clearly not.... or you'd already be off your computer and well on your way to get some already!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,2/1/2013,549,363,8,19,8>Lavandou is currently my favorite restaurant in dallas. The atmosphere is very country french... lots of yellows and blues, lots of homey sort of decorations. It's not super fancy, so you can go in a dress or not. I can say it's definitely not a "scene". The average age of people in there will probably be 15 years older than you are. But if you have good company, forget granny at the table next to you. Go on, have fun! Have a glass of champagne at the bar before you are seated. Order that second bottle of wine. Have that digestif! :)There's a great wine list, lots of french options (of course!)... btu the menu is where it's at. I really haven't had a dish I didn't like. The fois gras is amazing (it's a bit rich and a bit too much for two, really, but get it anyway). The Gambas et Coquilles St. Jacques en Mille Feuilles (Shrimp, Scallops, Spinach and Mushrooms with a Cream Sauce in a Pastry Shell) is to die for. The Médaillons de Veau Aux Champignons Sauvages (Veal Medallions Sautéed With Wild Mushrooms in Port Sauce served with Roasted Potatoes) will.... make you slap somebody. The grand marnier soufflé I had here was the best soufflé I've had... ever. It's an amazing little restaurant, hidden in a strip center way north in Plano. It's fantastic, and if you haven't been--you need to go!
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/31/2013,93,178,3,7,4>Really cute little sushi place in Frisco/PlanoWe came here for dinner on a Saturday night, the restaurant was full but not completely full. The first thing i noticed was the sushi bar and the bar, so yes, they serve full menu alcohol here. Food, I tried the Tuna Steak, Soft Shell Crabs, Snow Crab Udons, Crab Tartar and Biggie Rolls. The best item here was the Crab Tartar, it was very different, never had anything quite like it, interesting presentation as well. I wish it was less salty though, for my taste. The Biggie Rolls was very good, you can tell how fresh it is, well seasoned, recommended. I like the sauce the Tuna steak came in, but i didn't quite like the Tuna itself, a bit bland i think. I had this dish elsewhere so i know it can be better. The Udons was okay, but i'm not a big Udon fan, so I won't grade it.The service was okay, they were attentive, but they are very busy. Sometimes it took a while to get service. I wouldn't have complained if a knife came with the Tuna steak. This dish is kind of hard to eat without a knife. Another thing i noticed is that the Sushi chefs aren't wearing gloves, so i'm only trusting they washed their hands very well. Overall, this place is really cute and delicious, recommended.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/30/2013,123,477,1,5,4>By far my favorite restaurant in town..and I'm not even a steak lover.Perry's always provides exceptional service and the food is spot on.  I like going here for happy hour and sitting in the bar as there are several drink specials and appetizers are half off.  A great deal at such a well established and upscale place.There is live music in the bar area most evenings and it is a truly beautiful setting, where you can sit inside or out.The dining area is your standard "steakhouse" experience with dark lighting, white linens and lots of "mmmm-s" coming from surrounding tables.Perry's is the perfect place to celebrate a special occasion, to impress out of town guests or if you just want to treat yourself to a truly FABULOUS meal.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,1/29/2013,108,213,5,8,7>After reading all the great reviews about this place I decided it was time to check it out.  My wife and I met some friends there the other night.  It's definitely a strip center hole-in-the-wall, but I'm OK with that.Service was decent, so no complaints there.  They have a couple of TVs that were tuned to sports and that's definitely a plus.  We tried the Thai egg rolls and they were really good.  3 of us had the chicken pad thai.  I thought it was really good.  My wife and I both spiced it up a bit with the sauce they bring to the table.   Really good food, great prices and it's BYOB.  What more can you ask for?  We'll be back.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2012,1/28/2013,477,163,2,10,6>I wanted to get my hair colored ombre for a long time. I came across a deal on KGB for Moxi Salon and spa.  The staff is courteous from the time I booked my appointment. They send several email and text message reminders prior to your appointment.  The day had finally arrived for me to get my hair colored and I was excited. The salon is very cute, I was greeted by Ana Fuentes who colored my hair, I was seated and asked about how I wanted my hair. I showed her some pictures and we decided on a color and style after discussing my options. She is very kind and patient and answered all of my questions (I had a lot.) to top it off they offer wine here which was delish. Another thing I like, that all of the hair products are organic; once my hair color was done I got my hair cut and blow dried. I was so happy with the results that I can't wait to go back for my next color and haircut.  Once you check out they answer anymore questions that you may have and ask if you would like to buy any products that were used on your hair, I ended up buying the hair mask which is a great investment and everything has a guarantee (if you are not satisfied for any reason you get your money back) I also like how the salon is green (email you receipts and use green products). Moxi Salon I WILL be back.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,1/27/2013,234,122,3,6,5>Freshest oysters in Dallas without a doubt. They bring them in from all over the US. They're still alive until shucked and no preservatives added (according to the guy checking me out last night). The flavors of the oysters are fresh and sweet. They also have 3 yummy sauces that come with. I pick up fish for cooking at home a couple of times per week since they opened this location, and have eaten here once. The service either way is impeccable. The chef and owner will engage you to make sure you're enjoying your meal. All the staff is helpful with tips for cooking at home. I was tempted to give only 4 stars because they are out of my favorite! (Scallops)The wasabi vinegarette salad dressing is out of this world good! It made me excited to eat salads again!Dallas really needs places like TJ's. I'm happy to have them in my neighborhood.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2012,1/26/2013,189,239,2,5,2>Was soo excited to try this place and boy did it not disappoint.   The hubs and I went with another couple on a Friday evening around 7:00pm - the place was pretty empty so I was at first feeling a little confused by the lack of crowd, but got over it quickly when we were warmly greeted by the hostess and took a look around at the small(ish) yet nice restaurant.The ambiance of this place is pretty nice and includes several dining tables and a bar with bar stools.  You can also find several TV's along the wall showing whatever sporting events are taking place. (read: your sports crazed SO will be happy at this place, even during an exciting game!).  It has a cool feel inside, but its definitely a casual place - jeans are okay!We were seated at a booth.  The table length felt a tad short for the bench seats, but otherwise was fine.  We will request a table for our party of four next time.  Our waiter was overly helpful - he went over the ENTIRE menu with us and sometimes tossed in a strange accent (weird).  We actually thought were on candid camera - LOL.   I guess that is better than unfriendly and unhelpful!?   Everyone in my party enjoyed their entree choices. Although, beware the grill dishes look like a heaping plate of meat - consider ordering rice to go with!  The dishes were just the right amount of heat and the food was simply delish!   Get the Bibim Bap and the Bull Edamame - you will not be disappointed!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/25/2013,117,128,5,19,8>Cheap $3 wine, inexpensive organics, frozen fancy tv dinners, best Customer service, very small selection. I forgot an item but the cashier offered to get it for me. Other supermarkets will just tell you to get back in line again. Lazy me was going to leave the shopping cart in the parking lot, but before I even walked 2 feet from the cart, an employee literally ran to the shopping cart to put it back in the store. This says a lot about their store. They care about their customers. Other supermarket chains allow their carts to roll across the lot and hit other cars (I was going to leave the cart propped up over the curb so it won't roll).It is an upscale Aldi's. The same people who own Aldi's own this supermarket chain. It is a little itty bitty grocery store just like Aldi's, not a supermarket. Therefore, it you want to buy an item that is also available at Aldi's then buy it at Aldi's because since Trader Joe's is an UPSCALE Aldi's, the identical item will cost MORE at Trader Joe's than Aldi's. For example, the pineapple at Aldi's down the street is $1, but the identical pineapple at Trader Joe's is $3. They generally don't sell organics at Aldi's, so if you're buying organic, you can be assured that you haven't bought something that can be found for much less at Aldi's down the street. They try their best not to carry any name brands and carry mostly their own Trader Joe's brand. That's why their prices are super cheap for a store that sells organics and other upscale stuff. They don't pay much in rent because they are small and they cut out the middleman by only offering their own brand. If you like selection and want a particular brand of something then go to Whole Foods. If you are brand blind, then go to Trader Joe's. Trader Joe's has the best customer service of any grocery store or supermarket.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,1/24/2013,205,238,7,8,7>Oh my Burger. I've been in love with Another Burger Place for awhile, but I am tempted to have an illicit fling with this place's burg. Visited yesterday on a whim (courtesy of yelp) and tried the Liberty Burger. I'm not open to trying "weird stuff" on my first date. We both ordered the pink LB with cheddar. Yelp reviews boasting "soft bun" made me nervous. After all, I loathe "bun failure" where the bottom bun turns to goo. But this was different. The burg itself was tender, juicy and the toppings were fresh. There was no "BF" at all. The O rings were perfect. Perfect! Thick cut, battered and with no onion skin within. We both agreed we will have to re-stack our burger hit list after visiting Liberty....and can't wait to go back!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2012,1/23/2013,219,594,,16,9>Surely there are a lot of coffee drinkers in Dallas, right?  So why are there so few independent coffee shop options?  Sure we have few- but I would love to see the city explode with more.  Ascension is a beautiful start.Let's talk coffee- although on my first venture here I opted for a chai.  It was beautiful with a crescent sliver of spices resting on the foam.  The temperature was perfect, and stayed perfect throughout the drink because of some damn impressive foam.  When the milk is steamed it's aerated to create the foam, which when poured in the cup, acts as a bit of an insulator.  The foam on this chai was out of this world.  Dense and velvety.  Smooth.  Not bubbly soap water fluff.  This indicates to me that my second trip will be all about the cappuccino.  Second trip coming up pronto.  I took a picture of the chai last time, and will be sure to post additional menu items as I enjoy them.  All this research, it's hard work, I do it all for you...  That's a lie.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/22/2013,167,230,3,18,9>This place is hands down the best place for happy hour. HANDS.DOWNYou can eat (and drink) like KINGS here and not blow more than $30. I opted to order on the HH menu and that consisted of about 7 basic rolls (I think my fave was the yellow tail roll). They also offer $1 sushi by the piece. Then they offer hot tapas. I ordered 3 rolls and the boyfriend ordered off the main menu (I think it was Thai Garlic Beef). We ended up splitting that dish and all of the rolls. This was MORE than enough food. Oh, did I forget to mention the 3L beer we shared for $9?? Above all the service was phenomenal. I wish I could remember our server's name - (HER NAME WAS LYNDA!!!) because she was really sweet and attentive and deserves mad props. She was the reason we are looking forward to our next visit...OK...one of the reasons. The atmosphere was fancy and I love how there was lots of people there, but the nose wasn't overwhelming. This was a spectacular find!!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,1/21/2013,386,130,4,6,6>Fantastic fresh food! The pizzas are named creatively like Dallas, Picasso, and Margarita. They are fresh and you can watch them make the dough in front through a glass partition. Just get ready to put on your eating dress, it's a whole lota food. The prices are decent 7-12...depends on what you are getting and size.The atmosphere is casual and clean. The service was friendly. They bless you when you sneeze and happily make small comments on the group or offer suggestions on the pizzas.I would take my friends here and I wish there were more of these throughout the dfw.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,1/19/2013,3760,1373,16,10,12>The yuppie older white chicks found this place, so you know this queen is down. One bite into my prosciutto, arugula, fontina cheese panini on ciabatta with apple butter, and it brought me back to Italia.  (I'll never forget this sandwich I had in Bologna for instance.). Well, this sandwich was probably better, the apple butter was applied lightly enough to let all the other flavors come out and *marry*.  The ciabatta texture was luscious and crusty in all the right spots, with the requisite dusty powder.  Call me an oversexed middle aged woman substituting food for sex. The menu has equally tasty looking salads , breakfast items, juices, and coffee.  The mercado part is basically wine, a small neatly arranged produce box, and a few fussy groceries like designer beer, organic pastas made in Italy,and sauces for Asian stir frys, with some interesting offerings.  Id call it a *mercadito*.  The more urban local Oak Cliff biker boys and shabby chic decor rounded out the picture.Bottom line: if you need to get laid, you could eat lunch here for some quick relief.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2012,1/18/2013,70,154,5,14,7>I was really pleasantly surprised by Little Sheep!  For $19.99 or $14.99 for kids/seniors, you can do the buffet option.  The ordering is actually very organized.  They give you a worksheet for all the buffet options (+$1.99/person for premium items).  You can mark how many servings you'd like for each round (1,2,3) per sheet.  If you run out of rounds on the sheet, they'll give you a new one (but honestly, you can stack your rounds with lots of servings, we didn't even run out).  The flavor of the broths are amazing as well!  My favorite was the original, but the spicy was also very tasty!The service was actually very solid as well.  We arrived promptly at 11am when they opened on a Saturday and had no problem landing a table for a party of 2 kids and 5 adults.  They don't take reservations for parties under 8, but if you arrive when they open, I don't see any problems with getting seated.  Also, our waiter was very patient in explaining the ordering process.  He was attentive to our ordering needs and the staff quickly cleared empty dishes from the table.  We also needed a bottle of milk warmed up, and our waiter very graciously offered to bring a cup of hot water to dunk the bottle in!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2012,1/17/2013,514,437,2,15,7>Catered to those who want mainstream Korean food. Korea House has a simple but delicious menu. I love the dolsot bibimbap! The chicken dolsot is even better: spicy glass noodles, rice, and chicken with veggies. The bento boxes are also a decent deal.As some have pointed out, it is a pretty westernized Korean restaurant. Great choice if you're just starting to try Korean food. The service is great, and they are very helpful with suggestions and descriptions to those struggling with the menu.I would come here for good Korean food with friends but not to find that home-cooked taste.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,1/16/2013,257,612,7,14,11>WOW! I have been wasting precious calories on the wrong pastries and croissants my entire life until I had my first bite here. AMAZING! I almost don't want to yelp about this place and share the joy or else next time I come in, they'll be out of the good stuff. And believe me, EVERYTHING (I've tried so far) has been so delicious!The ham and cheese croissant was flaky, buttery, fresh, sweet PERFECTION! Yelp needs to add a 6th star because this place definitely deserves it. I am still amazed from my morning meal. DAMN GOOD. All of the croissant-ish pastries were excellent. I cannot get enough of this place.  Unfortunately, Village Baking Company is open on Thursday, Friday, and Saturdays only from 8-5, but the good stuff runs out before 5 apparently. Come early!I was even impressed with their simple storefront. Simple, clean white lines made me think this is how Martha Stewart would decorate her very own French bakery. I'm so glad this place is so close to home and also NorthPark. Hell ya! Most pastries run $2-3 (a steal in my opinion!!) and they accept credit card. I want to take my out of town friends here every time they come down to the Big D to visit. This gem is kinda hidden. It's right on University between 75 and Greenville._____Updated hours are now Tuesdays-Saturdays 8am-5pm-ish!!!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,1/15/2013,256,159,4,15,9>Absence makes the heart grow fonder. How I survived the past five months without Thai Express, I do not know. But I'm glad it's been reincarnated with a name and location that do more justice to its quality of food. The green curry still carries the same depth, complexity, and purity of flavours. The ginger chicken is satisfying but light, full of thinly sliced veggies & fresh ginger - not the powdery ginger sauce that many other restaurants use. The owner kept checking on us and asking if the food tasted as good as we remembered of Thai Express. Heck yes! Then we were treated to complimentary desserts of heart-shaped custard and sticky rice. If you still have room for dessert (and even if you don't), try the sticky rice with mango.The restaurant is still BYOB and cleverly located just south of Goody Goody Liquor. [Update Dec. 2012: they have a liquor license now]. Although it faces Oak Lawn, it's hard to spot while driving because it's one flight of stairs down from street level. There's parking in the attached complex but we just parked at Goody. The downstairs space allows for a patio shielded away from traffic. Go enjoy the amazing food & service before the rest of Dallas discovers Si Lom!
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2012,1/14/2013,376,566,6,12,11>Jenny From Exhale is here now also!  Every Sunday at 5pm.  My perky butt is looking better and better.  I will never stop yoga and people like Jenny make it seem effortless, sexy, and your heart will explode with happiness.  All the accomplishments in my life will never compare to my love and freedom from yoga.  It has healed my body, mind, and heart.  Lots of lovely people.  Come join us!
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,1/13/2013,90,155,5,7,5>Coming up with a new place to go out can be a bit daunting. Are you dressed appropriately? Is it "your kind of crowd"? Etc, etc, etc. Which, is how we settled on the Windmill after much scouring the yelp directory. I've wanted to check this place out for a while as it keeps popping up in magazines and online. I was not disappointed.The area is a bit dicey, gold star #1. If it weren't for the large windmill on the roof, you might miss the place. The exterior is nondescript, gold star #2, and the interior is decorated with a hodge podge of 60s-ish furniture, gold star #3. What sets this place apart from other dives is the liquor selection. I knew I'd come to the right place when I saw Fernet Branca and St Germaine behind the bar. It was like heaven! Plus, the prices were very reasonable, gold star #4.If I weren't already in love, the carpeted front patio would have sent me over the top. Gold star #5! Charlie, proprietor and bartender, is a gem. Very social without being overwhelming. The other customers were friendly as well and we found ourselves trading bad jokes with everyone at the bar. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,1/12/2013,8,104,1,9,4>Capriotti's has renovated an old historical gas station/shop and they did a great job.  The place is clean and roomy.  The menu is clear and concise.  You feel welcome when you come in by the manager and cashier.  I tried the steak sub and was impressed.  The cheese sauce is the best part and I will ask for extra the next time I go.  The steak was plentiful and the bread was on the soft side, which I like, instead of chewy, crunchy, or doughy.  Be warned that the small is a large sandwich, almost like a full sub at Subway.  It was around $8 with mushrooms and was reasonable for the quality.  They have a Thanksgiving type sandwich (turkey, cranberry, stuffing), which I would like to try, as that is unique for a sub shop.  I am glad we have a different type of sandwich shop near the Dart station in downtown.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2012,1/10/2013,199,332,3,11,6>Pizza is rarely at the top of my food chain, but Dough has been on my mind for awhile as I see it every time I lunch at Torchy's or Snappy Salads. So, when a pizza craving did set in, I knew I had to satisfy my Dough curiosity. I am glad I did!I know there has been some controversy of whether this is authentic Neapolitan pizza and frankly I don't care. Call it "gumdillygoo" and I will eat it if it tastes good, and the offering sampled at Dough certainly tickled the pleasurable side of my palette. The crust was soft yet firm. The sauce was bursting with flavor and properly distributed throughout the pie. The salty pancetta was an excellent complement to these ingredients. Loving Jimmy's sausages as much as I do, I can only imagine how they would elevate this product even more. Know this coming in, however. Things can get a little pricey. The pizzas are moderately sized, too big for one , but probably leaving a couple hungry if they split it. The same $15 at Cane Rosso will get you a larger, superior pizza. However, Dough is still definitely worthy of your time and money, and their salads or appetizers can fill the remaining space in your belly. Personally, I would stay away from the barrata sampler. $20 for less than 8 ounces of cheese, some truffle oil, and flat-bread seemed a bit much.Lastly, our waiter was friendly, but it was often difficult to understand him. be forewarned, it is indeed loud. This is not your quiet, romantic Italian restaurant. However, when you are stuffing your face with pizza like this, conversation may seem a bit overrated anyway.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2012,1/9/2013,300,537,,8,4>I LOVED this Sambuca as the vibe to this location is completely different from the other locations  I have been to.  If you make a reservation for a big group, they will break you up into different tables.  The bar area had some seating, but it gets packed really quick.  The band that played the night I went was called "The Stars."  They were AWESOME as they sang everything from Michael Jackson to Lady Gaga to some good old 80s music.  There is a dance floor for people to dance on, and there is plenty of seating for people to people watch.  This is a good place for a night out in town.As for the food, I only got to try the crab/shrimp dip, it was pretty good. The drinks are good, and they pour stiff drinks.I recommend valet parking, they charge $3 to valet.I will definitely come back.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,1/8/2013,207,244,3,4,4>I like how there are a wide selections of menu for sushi and rolls.  Although, I sat outside in the patio, the ambiance had a nice cool vibe to it.  It's like you are at a lounge and a restaurant in the same venue.  I noticed that they liked to put cream cheese on their rolls which personally I'm not a big fan of, therefore it limited my options some.  The patio where I sat was great, except that I had to take a giant step up to get the very top of the seating.Over it was a good experience.
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,1/7/2013,266,298,2,5,5>I was lucky to stumble into the BBC on opening night! It was really by luck that my friend and I were leaving the Prime Bar and saw this cool looking place with an awesome patio, so we had to stop. You are welcomed when you first get there by an old English taxi cab and red phone booth...you feel like you are in London.The inside is dark wood like you are in an old English pub...a very classy pub. It was a nice evening so we bypassed the inside and went straight to the patio which is classy with high back leather chairs or with nice tables. The beer list is immense...I'm not a beer drinker so that fact was lost on me, but if I had a friend who wanted a good beer this spot would be at the top of the list to take them.  I hear they have 100 bottles of beer choices and 50 on tap.They had a nice wine list and a small list of signature cocktails.We didn't eat, but from the looks of menu you had some great choices from scallops to fish and chips. I hear the chef use to work with the now defunct Nana. I also hear they will  have live entertainment. The staff with extremely friendly.The only reason why I didn't give 5 stars is because I wasn't able to try to the food, but I will be back and update later....crowd was diverse on opening night...not sure it will remain that way as the SMU crowd might invace, but for now it is one of the best openings in recent memory.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2012,1/6/2013,102,246,1,12,6>A fantastic new addition to the DFW craft beer scene.  Craft and Growler offers up to 30 different beers on draught!  They have just about every size and make/style of growler you could imagine, glass, steel, 32oz, 1L, 64oz, 2L, etc., and they have growler accessories!  I like that they will allow you to sample a beer prior to either enjoying a pint while stopping in or  getting your growler filled.  They do offer some bottled/canned beer selections as well.  The space is quite intriguing, a minimalist sort of approach that I really like.  There is plenty of seating inside, and by the bar, the seats are made from old kegs.  If you are looking for a place to get your growler filled, check them out!
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,1/5/2013,372,222,8,14,11>Food - 5/5Service - 4/5Price - 5/5Atmosphere - 5/5Durkin's epitomizes all you would want from a pizza place. The product is delicious, the prices are cheap (especially on Sunday), and there are two LCD TVs for your viewing pleasure. A few buddies and I decided to go to Durkins because one of 'em had a tee time in the area. We did some research on yelp beforehand so our expectations were pretty lofty coming in. With that being said, we were not disappointed one bit. In fact, the actual experience may have exceeded what I personally was expecting. Usually, the medium cheese pizzas are $10 plus $1 for any additional toppings. But as fate would have it, the mediums are discounted to $7 on Sundays. With a total of 4 guys with pretty large appetites, we ordered 3 mediums with 2 toppings on each, and the famous cheese bread. The pizzas came out bursting with tons of flavor, the cheese was still bubbling and melted perfectly, and if you like your crust to be a little doughy and drenched with garlic butter, then this place is the place for you. The cheese bread came out with marinara sauce and they were really lax on giving us extra ranch as well. When my friend grabbed the first piece of cheese bread, the cheese extended out to a couple feet from the table (that's how much cheese there was!)Altogether, we even had about a full pizza left over. At $9 bucks each for a medium pizza with two toppings and $5 for the cheese bread, it came out to be $8 bucks a person... for arguably the best pizza in the metroplex with a ton of left overs?Yes, please.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,1/4/2013,895,667,6,11,8>I'd give this dealership 10 stars if I could.  I bought my first Jetta here in 2003, and thanks to the June hailstormpocalypse that totaled out said Jetta, I found myself here buying a new Jetta the other day.I don't remember who my first salesman was, but he was great, and the entire process was so easy!Fast forward to 2012 and Mike Crandall is my salesman.  Great, sweet and down to earth person!  He knew what I wanted my monthly payments to be, so he found the car that would work for me.  I showed up to test drive it.  He crunched some numbers, and the next day I had the car.  He was even nice enough to return my rental car for me to Budget, so I wouldn't have to deal with it.It was all easy peasy.  No BS.  And everyone I dealt with was super friendly.  You just feel like the people working here really care for you, and have your best interest at heart.  Highly recommend!!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,1/3/2013,197,107,4,9,5>Since my last review, one of the managers had responded back to me and apologized for our experience. He wanted additional details on what happened. I'm a huge fan of businesses that actually reach out to customers and want feedback. So kudos to you Mr. Manager Man!We really like their pizza here (my fave is the Urban Amore!), so we decided to come back and just hope our experience was not like the last.  Well, our waiter was great. I've been a here a few times since my last review, and the service has been spot on, friendly, and attentive.
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,1/2/2013,1812,527,16,16,9>I was exited to try East Hampton Sandwich Co.  A. because of my reputation,  none of my friends will ever invite me to there Hampton Hide a way because of  my lavish beer consuming ways.  So I can experience the Social Swirl here in Dallas!I totally stuck out, looked like I came out of forever 21 photo shoot (that's not me complementing myself) It was laundry day and I ran out of clean clothes so I rummaged through my kids closet.  Next time I enjoy lunch here it's blue sport coat with gold buttons and red skinny jeansThe restaurant was full of beautiful well put together women and about 2 guys.  So gentlemen wear your best vest!  It's fast casual so you order your food, get a number and plant yourself at a woodsy table.  hmmmm yes of course Hamptons is known for there wine tasting so yes they do serve ahhhlll keeee hawwwllllI am known for ordering the most expensive thing on the menu (even though I was wearing a $22 romper) so I went with the famous "Lobster Roll"  It's served chilled on a buttery toasted bun paired with a small portion of chips!  It was How would one in the Hamptons say "Biiiiiiiitccccchen"  yes I loved the movie "White Chicks"I also tend to do this with or without permission, I tried my Hubby's Steak Sandwich (ended up eating most of it) and everything was perfection from the golden bun to the tender meat (a little heavy on the cheese)  My favorite was the Corn Chowder- clean soup very tasty It's a bit of a jaunt for me to dine here, but I will be back The the Hamptons is definitely about the good life. Live it!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,1/1/2013,608,438,17,20,16>Exposure is a great place to go for those looking to learn more about this sport.  The staff is helpful and will teach you the ropes if it's your first time.  They make sure you're comfortable with everything before letting you loose.  The walls aren't that tall (I'm thinking no more than 25 feet), but each wall offers a different challenge whether it be angled walls or different shaped grips.  Each wall truly gives you a whole different experience from all the others.I remember coming here a while back when I was a little bit more in shape.  I had no trouble getting to the top, even on the inclined walls.  So when my buddies to asked me to go recently I decided to go to show them how things were done.I have no idea what happened, but it was so tough this time around!  Although I managed to get to the top on 8 out of the 9 walls I climbed I labored through half of them.  The next couple of days afterward I got sore in places that I've never even thought were possible.  The pain!There are a couple of walls for people looking to boulder (no ropes!), but I didn't try that as I was already struggling with the beginner walls.  Rock climbing will seriously work you out so if you're looking for a full body workout then check Exposure out.  Mondays are a good day to go as you can get a day pass, harness, climbing shoes and chalk bag all for $10 which is half off of the original price.  It's technically a 2 for 1 deal so be sure to have an even number in your party!I'll leave you with this tip.  Make sure you strap on  your harness correctly and without too much slack especially if you're a guy.  I was talking an octave higher for a while after finding out the hard way.  You've been warned!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2012,12/31/2012,236,272,12,17,11>Ever since I was young the little ninja inside of me dreamed of being a martial artist. Thanks to title boxing, I'm pretty dang close to achieving that dream. I walked in for my first class, and an hour later, with hands so shaky and weak from the workout, I could barely lift the pen to sign the dotted line on my contract.The owners of the club are down to earth and extremely friendly. The first class is FREE. Rich (the front desk guru) answers all your questions and fears. As a newbie, he carefully wraps your hands for you and picks out a pair of gloves for you to borrow. Get prepared for the most intense workout ever! You will burn TONS of calories while doing a full body workout (cardio, strength and ab work). The class usually starts with a warm up, then some bag work and drills and then a 15 minute-ish ab work and cooldown stretch at the end. The gym is clean, the gloves are intact (no worn out equipment here) and the mat is soft for you to land on during jump drills. I've been to three different instructors and they are all different so you never do the same thing. The instructors also go around the room doing 1v1 drills with each student as time permits. Usually the 530 classes are pretty crowded, so get there 5 minutes early if you can. I've been to the noon class and there was only a couple of us there. So why join this gym? First off, the owners are honest and personable. They truly believe in making their gym the best it can be so that each member benefits the most from their workout. In addition to the classes, there are treadmills and weights. Second, you get into KICKASS shape FAST. After 3 classes, I guarantee you will feel leaner and you will start to feel ab muscles coming in. (You know how when you breathe in, hold your breath, and poke at your ab muscles? Yeah don't lie, we all do that. I do it all the time.) Third, the male to female ratio is probably 40:60. Ladies, there are plenty of us all shapes and sizes and in different shape. Do not fret that you will be out of place. And fellows, there ain't nothing hotter than watching a guy sweat while punching the #$$#! out of a punching bag. Give them a try! Like I said, the first class is free and lots of fun!Tips:-They are almost always running deals. Ask before you sign! Free wraps, free starter kit, promotions, they recently had a great groupon deal!-If you do decide to join, mess around with how you like your hands wrapped before the 2nd or 3rd class. I learned the hard way my knuckles don't like their skin being ripped off, so now I pack extra cushion over my knuckles. If you have a weaker wrist, wrap your wrist more than your hands. Consult Rich or any instructor, they will show you the best way.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,12/30/2012,308,111,17,12,18>I know what you're thinking--I too had driven by Dallasite for years and would cast uneasy glances over at the seemingly questionable locale while imagining a din of thieves and scuzz regulars skulking about with slack-jaws and gimme caps. And I did what any one of us would do next: I convinced a friend to go there with me and hang out for a while.Boy, were we wrong. Dallasite is total and absolute greatness. I truly believe the front door of the place is a space portal that worm holes you straight into Greater Tuna (look it up). At 4:30 in the afternoon, only a handful of people were there but they were all regulars and friendly as could be. The place is actually bright and clean on the inside (although I can only imagine the horrors of pre-smoking ban Dallasite--*shudder*). On a second visit recently, I asked the lady bartender what I should order to help stave off a cold that I was coming down with. After deciding on a screwdriver (Vitamin C, right?) and receiving it, I noticed her spending focused time on a shot she was making for somebody. After a while, she stepped forward to me and presented ME with the shot--a hot toddy she had made without even being asked! Yes, it was honey, lemon, plenty of stiff bourbon, and was piping hot!!I almost broke into tears over this and thanked her again and again. In a boisterous "Large Marge" manner, she just hollered, "Honey, I'm Rhonda! Been runnin' this place for 40 years! Just come on back next time!"Well you'd better believe I will! Customer Loyalty for life!! Thank you, Miss Rhonda!
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,12/29/2012,130,137,5,4,2>Ever since I was a little girl coming to visit Dallas, I have always wanted to dine in what I would always call "the big ball" and now, after living in Dallas for 5 years I can check this off my bucket list!  Originally I thought Restaurant Week wouldn't work out for my Five Sixty dream, but due to a chance of fate, a friend of mine had an extra spot in her Monday night reservation and asked me to join!  I agreed within a heartbeat.  Due to some yelp research, I saw that valet was $5 if the restaurant validated it (unsure what I would be without and didn't want to find out) so after a few wrong turns downtown, my friends and I were soon flying up the elevator to begin our sky high meal.  If you didn't already know, the tables are all on the border of the "ball" which spin around the middle which stays put.  So you can't put your purse or other personal belongings on the window or you will soon find it out of your reach...never mind how I know that.  It is a great view, and we had 7:30 reservations so we were able to see the sun set and all the lights come on around downtown.  I started off my Restaurant Week experience with the Crispy Shrimp and Lobster Spring Rolls (because I can't say no to a crustacean), and selected Tiger Prawns with Lo Mein as my entrée.  I opted out of the wine pairings with each course because I thought the extra $35 was kinda steep.  I enjoyed my shrimp and lobster appetizer with a glass of viognier instead.  I really liked the spring rolls!  They came with a sweet and spicy dipping sauce and seemed like they were almost all lobster which I was ok with.  I wished they came with more, but that just shows they were tasty!  My main course came out at the perfect time and I enjoyed it with another glass of the viognier.   It was a decent sized portion for restaurant week...came with about 5 giant shrimps lightly fried and was very "meaty".  I first attempted to eat it with my chop sticks but my appetite got the best of me and I soon started shoveling it into my mouth white people style with a fork.  It was just enough!  I wouldn't have been mad if it came with more, but it left me satisfied!  Dessert confused me at first.  The menu listed Salted Caramel Cheesecake Brulee, Chocolate Decadence, and Citrus Sorbet...so I immediately chose the cheesecake option but the waitress informed me it was a mini trio of all 3...and mini it was!  I would have preferred to just pick one of the options because the cheesecake brulee was AMAZING!  My friends liked the chocolate option, but cheesecake is always my go to choice in dessert so I wasn't shocked by my loyalty.  Overall we had great service.  We were pretty much left alone, but tended to at all the moments we needed assistance.  I noticed on the way out that there is a bar section that also circles around the restaurant and think it would be a great place to have drinks for a special occasion!  I definitely plan to come back for drinks - or for dinner if I really want to splurge!  Another Restaurant Week discovery success!
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,12/28/2012,47,104,10,12,8>Absolutely phenomenal addition to downtown Dallas!Kylde Warren Park fills space that was otherwise just open air above the Woodall Rogers Freeway. It successfully removes the freeway from this part of downtown and connects Uptown with the Arts District and Downtown. Went the first two days it was open and it was packed. Lots of families young and old. The dog park is smallish but well executed. There is a large stage and several musical performances were scheduled for the first weekend. Rumor has it that restaurants will be added soon. It also looks like the park is spurring enhancements and new business. The Federal Reserve looks to be putting in a new entrance facing the park on Pearl and it appears there is a new restaurant coming soon called "Lark in the Park" on the park's western border.Overall, it reminds me of a mini Millennium Park in Chicago. It will be interesting to see how this park is attended in the future after the opening buzz and how it fares in the blistering summer heat. Grow fast little oak trees!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2012,12/27/2012,114,195,6,13,6>This is located inside the Food Court by Chase Oaks and Legacy. I'm a very big fan of my own heart and soul's food from the motherland. I think it is underrated at times that we do not have chains and chains of Filipino restaurants in the states. Palayok is well-known around the area with the smiling faces scooping steamed white rice next to your lumpia (eggrolls) and chicken adobo. I went here expecting the usual staple of chicken/pork adobo, afritada, lumpia, pork sinigang and menudo which were all present. I fall in line and listen to other Filipinos discuss the dishes they want to eat and teasing each other in Tagalog. I noticed the regulars were anticipating a new batch of fried chicken. I was here to get lumpia only and noticed that everyone in front of me was standing in line watching the batch of fried chicken getting fried. Aha! Fried chicken was the choice. I ordered fried chicken with steamed white rice and Gulaman drink. Gulaman is sweet drink that comes with tapioca and jelly in the cup. My meal came with 5 pieces of lumpia which overall cost only $10 along with my drink. I had hefty servings of rice, lumpia and five pieces of fried chicken. I take a bite of my fried chicken and the crispy skin was indescribable. It's almost as if it's roasted pig skin with the saltiness and crunchiness of the skin. The chicken was moist on the inside and not a lot of grease coming out of it. Fried Chicken business beware. I think this will surely kick everyone's fried chicken and this may sound like a blashphemous remark but I will never eat fried chicken anywhere else. As for the lumpia..it's just like how mom and Lola (grandma) makes it.Try Palayok just to get out of the hustle and bustle of eating Chinese or Korean food.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/26/2012,70,82,2,7,5>They take brunch reservations, hallelujah! Granted we didn't need them as we were the only ones there for a good half an hour. Good thing the dining room wasn't quiet for a reason because the food and service did not disappoint. To the cool points. First point goes to complementary mimosas. Second to $1.50 cups of coffee (remember when coffee was always that much before S*bux Effed it up?). Third to not having fried chicken and waffles on the menu.The food was quite tasty. Our group of three decided to share a sticky bun and 3 different entrees. I would recommend doing this as I can see where eating one dish fully can get a bit too rich. The sticky bun was amazing, it reminded me of a Disneyland churro with nuts on it. Other highlights were the Pigs in a Pagmina, and the brisket chili.Go out an support this deserving establishment in Lower Greenville. I am excited to see more from this cool Dallas neighborhood.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/25/2012,62,131,,12,6>FINALLY!!!My search for authentic, hole in the wall, fresh mexican food in Frisco is overrrr! If you're looking for On the Border chain food that you could just as easily pick up at Wal-Mart this isn't the place for you.Extremely well priced and fast as well as super friendly! Someone who actually uses my name and looks me in the eye when conducting business is someone who will continue to earn my business....and that's exactly what you will get here! I had the chicken quesadillas ($6.99 for fajita chicken and guac while Mattito's down the street will charge you $10 for just the quesadilla) that already have the guacomole and they were yummmmy. They also have a salsa bar full of fresh salsas, cilantro, onions, spicy carrots, etc.When you taste the food, you know it's fresh and that truly seems to be important to these people...They've got me hooked already!
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,12/24/2012,68,224,6,10,7>I cannot tell you how excited I am to have yet another local craft brewery in Dallas.  It seems like yesterday that we didn't have one (and by yesterday, I mean 2010), and now we have 4, not counting Rahr and Franconia of course. Side note: major lulz to the reviewer criticizing the brewery for being "wayyyyy to [sic] late" into the Dallas craft scene. Yeah, being in the first 4 is way late, bro.  Anyways, onto the brewery and beers themselves.The Red Roja and Buzz were the only beers that I had because I was busy asking about the current fermenters they had and any plans to upgrade, as several other locals are doing now.  The tour and being able to walk around the brewery itself was a very cool setup.  Not as good as Lakewood, but better than Rahr.  This was my 28th brewery to tour and it definitely stands up to the rest if you are really into the process of beer.  Also a much more directed view of things than the Peticolas tour.Note that the beer will only get better from here.  I remember having the Backslider Blonde at the DEBC opening and only finding out a few weeks later that they rushed it out to have more beers for the opening.  Now, we have a variety of edgy crafts that stand alongside much larger, national breweries.Stop reading this and go support your local brewery! Think global, drink local.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,12/23/2012,101,58,1,8,4>I've been a member off and on for the past few years.  After trying a few random places and groupon deals, I decided that it was worth it to come back on as a member at massage heights.  Monthly member fees are 49.99, which includes one massage.  Any extra massages are 39.99.  Best thing about this place is probably that they've got a large staff of masseuses. So, if you have a particular preference, the front desk can set you up with someone who matches them.Jordan's great btw, for anyone who likes firm/deep pressure
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2012,12/22/2012,320,520,1,19,4>7 hours after being away from it all and inside of Spa Castle, I already can't wait to come back!  This place is a vacation away from it all, while being right here in Carrollton.  I came here the other day and had a great time.  You start off by walking in and paying $35.  You will then get a watch that you must wear the entire time.  This watch is what you will use as your key to get inside of your locker, as well as what they use to scan for anything you want to purchase.  The Women's locker room is very big and nice.  You cannot wear shoes; however, the floors were clean and constantly attended to by the workers.  The service was outstanding.  Everyone was so helpful and ready to assist.  The place is so beautiful.  The indoor and outdoor pools were the best part of the whole facility.  They were of perfect temperature.  The drinks were all $10 and were very strong!  We also had Dreyer's green tea ice cream there.  Since we stayed so long, we got hungry and decided to go on the 2nd floor for sushi.  We ordered the rainbow roll, veggie roll, and caterpillar roll and were not disappointed one bit.   I also had a bowl of miso soup.I never did see the area with the beds and tv's.  I am not sure if it was open or not.  The saunas were amazing.  I went in every sauna to check them all out, and each had its own individual uniqueness.  The ice room was really fun to go in and cool off.I don't suggest bringing kids even though there is a kiddie pool.  This place seems to be more for adults that want to relax and have a good time without kids running all around.I have already recommended this place to so many of my friends.  I definitely think everyone should try it out.  I can't wait to go back again!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,12/21/2012,161,181,2,6,3>This amazing new place just opened up by my work and today the hubby met me there for lunch.  It was... FABULOUS!We've been waiting for this place to open up because we pass it every time we eat at Daan sushi, so we've been eyeing it - and it did not disappoint.You walk in cafeteria style, and can walk by the menu board for Build Your Own Pho, as well as the broken rice, fried rice, vermicelli, and other asian menu boards as well as a Banh Mi board of about 6 types of Banh Mi.  I'm in heaven.  They have a board devoted to spring rolls - including grilled salmon spring rolls which we had and they were phenomenal.Hubby had the grilled pork vermicelli plate with a fried egg, and I had the combination Banh Mi.  We also had the above mentioned salmon spring rolls and water, it was $20.  Pretty dang good - my husband kept saying this is his new place now.  We'll be back for sure. Good job Pho Xpress!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,12/20/2012,74,187,,10,2>Thank you Yelpers for helping me FINALLY find an amazing massage therapist! After trying all of the high end spas in Dallas, including hotels like Zaza, I was getting really disappointed in the mediocre service and overrated prices. I woke up with back pain one day and decided I needed a massage no matter what. I found Balance Through Massage on Yelp, and it had better ratings than the other area spas, so I decided to try it. SO glad I did! Christopher will consult with you beforehand to customize a massage that will feel and work best for your body. Like the other reviews said, your time does not start until your massage starts on the table. Where else can you get that?! If you want a 60 or 90 minute massage, you get the FULL time on the table! The room is very relaxing, and I love the aromatherapy scents on the head rest to make breathing more enjoyable. You are truly paying for a great, self enhancing massage that you will continue to feel the next day. I'm definitely going to make this a monthly must-do for my body!
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2012,12/19/2012,65,99,3,7,2>This restaurant is in my opinion, the best of the best of Korean BBQ in Korea-town.  After trying tons of other Korean options in town, I can't help but come back to Seoul Garden. They have the thickest Galbi you will ever find at any BBQ joint, and it is so well marinated and delicious.  The Bulgogi is great, the Soon Dubu (tofu soup) are all excellent.  From what I can see, the food seems very authentic, they serve alot of other very Korean dishes but I never stray from the proven stuff.  The side dishes they serve are also plentiful and with a great variety.Solid Korean BBQ Joint in my book.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2012,12/18/2012,221,177,5,8,6>If you're a person who understands, appreciates, loves or whatever positive emotion describes your attraction to the intelligence, social nature, and affection that parrots provide, then make it a point to stop by Tree Top Bird Center in North Dallas. They have a diverse and varied selection of hookbills, from small parakeets and love birds all the way up to Eclectus, Mackaws, and the smartest parrot of all (and a personal favorite) African Grays. A good deal of the space in the store is devoted to housing parrots who are available for sale. There is a back room full of birds as well; most likely breeding pairs, new additions, and maybe boarders. More important, for the amount of birds that were in the store on the day we stopped by, (and there were a lot!) not one appeared diseased or sickly. Birds don't show signs of ill health to the average eye very well. If a bird looks sick, then it is more than likely  to late to save it. All the birds we saw were socializing, active, playing, eating, singing, or causing a ruckus in that particular parrot way. This is a clear indication that all the birds in Tree Top are cared for by a knowledgeable and reliable staff. Everyone there is  friendly and willing to help if you need it.  On our visit a lot of the larger birds were already sold! Bear in mind large parrots are not cheap. But the price you pay for any parrot speaks to the value of your new housemate. Know this now and always: birds, specifically parrots, are not pets. They are companions. So when you take home your new friend after spending a sum close to a month and half's mortgage payment, be prepared for a lot required interaction and rewarding socializing.  Food sources are equally varied and plentiful in bulk.  Of course there are the standard selection of toys, perches, and cages as well.  There's even a frequent buyer card that ends in a perk at some time, more food maybe? Either way it's an incentive. Tree Top Birds Center is probably the benchmark place to go if you're looking for a healthy feathered companion or the vittles to keep him/her that way.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,12/17/2012,160,285,8,6,3>Never had eggs benedict before I stopped in here.I got the Hiker's benedict. (Needed the energy to hike around the Wal-Mart terrain.)- Diced ham, asparagus, tomatoes, portabella mushrooms and two poached eggs on two English muffin halves. Topped with dill hollandaise sauce and two strips of crispy bacon. It was delicious.  I would bathe in that hollandaise sauce if I could, then quickly take a real shower after.  Cause that's nasty.  Unless you like it like that...but then you nasty.  PM me.Also tried the It's OK to Waffle.  I didn't get the title.  But the waffle was pretty good.Liked this place a lot.  Will come again.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2012,12/16/2012,57,857,4,5,3>I seldom give five stars, let alone to a Mexican restaurant, but I honestly cannot find fault with our dining experience. We arrived on Friday night and were seated immediately. We did not even know that they have happy hour before 7pm and the margaritas are only $3! I got a frozen and the wife got on the rocks and they were excellent, so much so we got a second each!The complimentary chips and salsa are excellent. Warm chips, and the salsa has a nice kick and is obviously made from scratch.I got the Tacos Nortenos--stupendous. Our waiter brought a sample of the sauce for me to try before ordering. Wow, it is orgasmic. Seriously. Check your pants before you get up. The wife got the enchiladas en mole and they were excellent too. The service was warm, accommodating, and efficient. The ambiance is exactly right. I have no complaints at all. We have found our new go-to Mexican restaurant!!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2012,12/15/2012,608,886,3,9,6>OK so I finally decided to order a different dish this time - sorry yuk gae jang, but you're still my fav dish!  I decided to order something that was not spicy - something comforting and hearty.  And it's not to say that there are dishes that are NOT comforting, because to me - all korean food is comfort food :)I was debating between the galbitang and the dduk man doo gook...and I went with the latter.  Definitely pleased with my choice as there was PLENTY of dduk and man doo in my soup.  With egg and pieces of meat in there, it was the perfect dish to satisfy my craving.  And I'll mention this again - the side dishes are DELICIOUS...for some reason, they just taste better than other restaurants.  If you want delicious and flavorful comfort food, this is your spot.  And if your cravings are in the middle of the night..this place is actually open til 4am! Boo yah! But don't come here Monday because it's closed!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,12/14/2012,2766,161,7,21,8>Oh oh - Watch out Ali Baba. You're now surrounded by superior quality mediterranean food;  Earlier this year, Zeytin opened up just 3 minutes East of you, and last month Andalous opened 1 minute North from you.  It's the ultimate falafel smackdown, and I've got the goods for you.Here's the deal.  Mediterranean is excellent for lunch.  Ali Baba's lunch buffet is legendary.  You get good mediterranean at a good price.  Andalous doesn't have a buffet per se, but they have a big meal for about a buck less, with better recipes and ingredients.  Zeytin has better falafel and tabouli, with less selection, but equal to Andalous otherwise. So Alibaba wins on selection (and true buffet) while Andalous beats on quality.But back on Andalous; Cafeteria style serving, pay what's on your tray when you get to the register. It's not all you can eat for lunch, but it's a lot -- I doubt anyone's leaving hungry.  There's a lot of selection, including five types of hummus. including spinach hummus which is pretty AOK.  Andalous has a great selection of Greek salads as well, if that's your thing.If you're into Mediterranean, this place is definitely worth a try.  Andalous should really pull away business from Ali Baba.  It will be interesting to see how The Baba responds to all this new competition.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,12/13/2012,53,98,39,12,8>Update: Those reclining lazy boys in the movie room are the best places to nap. Bring your own blankie and a pillow to snooze. I got the "Aroma Ceremony" which is essentially a full body scrub, massage, facial for 90 minutes. The best part is the peppermint oil they massage on your scalp.  So next time insomnia hits and you don't have to be anywhere the next day, hit King Spa. In the middle of the night, you pretty much have the place to yourself! Detox, rejuvenate, lounge & nap until the restaurant and extra services open.    _____________________________________________Just Wow!  Where have I been? I went during Happy Hour {$20} and was initially apprehensive about the gettin' nekkid part. Once I saw the other ladies in the buff, all that modesty went out the door. We ALL have jiggly bits and flaws, honey! It's just anatomy. No one cares or is judging you. The only ones who looked silly were the 2-3 women wearing panties and covering their chesticles with orange, hand towels. I got a basic scrub and was embarrassed at the stuff she sloughed off. To me it wasn't too rough and felt good. My skin feels like silk now. I also got an hour massage but wasn't overly impressed with it. The massage guy was strattling me on the table and farted! It was silent but highly noxious with notes of Kimchee and aged, skirt steak. Bless his heart. The myriad of co-ed, dry saunas were nice. I liked the Fire Room...all 8 minutes of that blazing inferno! That's the room where an attendant is at the door for safety reasons. I was seriously afraid my hair was going to catch on fire! The Arctic Room was much needed after that test of masochistic endurance.I had a large salad, green tea and fat-free yogurt with fruit. It was all good and not anymore expensive than eating out a restaurant with tip.I was there for 8 hours! I got in my ride and saw that Royal Lane was just a wall of cars. I reclined the seat and slept for TWO HOURS in the parking lot.  Can you say relaxed?
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,12/12/2012,226,292,2,10,5>The City of Dallas has done great with their dog parks in north Dallas. Wagging Tails dog park was my favorite park, but NorthBark may have just usurped the throne.If you've been to Wagging Tails before, it's a similar set-up. Small dog park on one side, large dog park on the other with some trees for shade for the dogs and humans.And then there's the curveball...a man-made pond. My Rhodesian mix had a blast fetching everything from frisbees to sticks thrown in the middle of the water. There are three spots where the dogs can enter the water. The rocky slope, muddy slope and grassy knoll. I heard there are bushes with stickers on the grassy side so we avoided it, but hopefully the city will be by soon to have them removed. After getting himself nice and soaked and muddy, I was grateful the park has a rinse-off station. There were some people using the rinse off station to actually bathe their dogs. That's human error not the park, though.Now that it's getting close and closer to triple digits, it will be interesting to see how the pond holds up, but for now it's great!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,12/11/2012,50,59,2,6,5>Ok so I want to update my review and tack on an extra star. Here's why:I'm part of a book club where we meet at local restaurants to discuss the book we read for the month. This month we read Fifty Shades of Grey (haha yeah I know) and we try to choose a restaurant that somehow relates to the book. Obviously an S&M club would be out of the question, and finding somewhere with a "Red room of pain" was way too specific.Instead we decided to zero in on Mr. Grey's love for wine so Mercy became the top choice, mostly because of its location and our past experience with them.I contacted Mercy via email and received a friendly response within a day. They said we can reserve a semi private room for 10, order off the menu, and do separate checks, as long as we each spend $25. Ok, definitely not a problem there so we made the reservation.I arrived about 15 minutes early. The hostess knew who I was as soon as I mentioned my name and party size and asked if I wanted to wait or if I wanted to be seated (the room was already ready). I decided to go ahead and sit down and she led me up a narrow staircase to--get this--a really cozy loft lit up with red lights. It was serendipitous!That got the evening off to a great start. The hostess then said she would show the rest of my party upstairs as they arrived. Our server was Slaton and was very friendly and helpful in making food and wine suggestions. The service overall was great. Our water glasses stayed full, and Slaton checked in on us every so often to see if we needed anything so he wasn't too obtrusive. He was even nice enough to turn the music off in our section so we could hear each other talk.The food was delicious--everyone loved their meal. I ordered the calamari (still as perfectly cooked as the last time) and the melted goat cheese and walnut salad, which was lightly dressed and wonderful.Mercy not only met our expectations, they exceeded them in service, food, and atmosphere. I would highly recommend this place for any sized gathering, large or small.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/10/2012,64,92,,7,3>I am so excited to see this place open and I want them to succeed!  Its great to have more healthy options when you don't have time or energy to cook.  I went to this place today for the first time. I arrived at lunch time and there were maybe 2 cars in front off me.  They were pretty busy but service was quick.   I ordered the Veggie Black Bean Burger.  It comes on a whole wheat bun with avocado, tomato and lettuce.  I added cheese for extra flavor.  It was very good.  I asked for a menu to go so I can see what I will be trying on my next visit.  I will be back!  I agree with other reviewers.  For those who have ever opened a business it takes at least a week to get the kinks out.  Give them a break and support our local businesses.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,12/9/2012,132,558,4,6,5>I finally had a massage from Mark and all of his reviews are spot on. He pays attention to what you're saying and figures out what you need. Cudos to him for figuring out where my bad spots were and using heat to get in there. He does the massage out of his apartment downtown and provides validation for the parking. It was very quiet, music was good, temps were perfect and a handy bathroom right there. He offers a VIP program with a set discounted monthly rate and I'll be taking advantage of that. I'll be a regular... give it a shot and you won't be sorry.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2012,12/8/2012,144,106,,4,4>I've been to my fair share of salons in my lifetime, but here in the DFW area, they do it up big (what'd you expect...it's Texas!). Wine, soda and water are all complimentary with your services. The salon is clean and they just upgraded all of their furniture about a month ago even though the old furniture didn't look bad. I typically get shellac for my nails and a pedicure. They have a good selection of colors for both regular polish and shellac. Prices are comparable to the area ($35 for shellac, $20+ for pedicures depending on the service you choose).  I personally go to either Vy (girl) or Liam/Lien (guy). The guy is really good at french manicures.
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,12/7/2012,1025,261,6,5,4>VIDEO                                                           AUDIOFade up from black to exterior of            Music: Hanson's "MMMBop"restaurantCut to interior shot of restaurant             Voice Over: "It's finally here, a fast with people eating/lauging/dancing        food spot that really is fast, fresh,                                                                       and healthy!"Cut to shot of couple holding chop-        Couple: "MMMMMM B B Bop!!!!"sticks.Cut to panning shot of the menu             Voice Over: "A menu filled with                                                                         fresh food choices..build your                                                                        own bowl!"Cut to shot of me stuffing my face          Me: "Inaudible"with tofu and brown rice trying totalk with food in my mouthCut to close up shot of chicken and        Voice Over: "Come on down to steak bowls.                                                 B B Bop, it's MMMMMM Bop                                                                         good!"Cut to exterior of restaurant                    Music: Hanson's "MMMBop" plays                                                                      out.Fade to BlackI noticed all of the glowing reviews on Yelp, so this is the first place that I thought of when I wanted to find a spot for lunch. I had been wanting to try this spot for a while!It's a pretty small establishment with limited seating, so I imagine that if you were trying to come here during the lunch rush, it would be tough to find a spot. I ordered a brown rice bowl with tofu, brocolli, mushrooms, etc.... It was soooo fresh! That was the first thought that hit my mind when I ate it! They have a few sauces that you can flavor your bowl with. I forgot the exact name of it, but the dark "black bean" sauce was a winner. As you can tell by how I was stuffing my face in my commercial, I really like this spot!Very friendly people, very clean establishment, very good food. This is going to be a regular stop for me from now on!
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,12/6/2012,119,151,1,11,4>You know it's rare to get good service at any Asian restaurants (I can say that because I am Asian!) but Densetsu is an exception to this stereotype. Their rolls are delish and of good size. Sashimi are cut thick. They also pay attention to details especially with the presentation of their dishes. I am definitely coming back. Make a reservation ahead if you can. They start getting packed by 6pm. Oh and bring a sweater or drink lots of hot green tea, it is pretty chilly in the restaurant.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,12/5/2012,194,97,2,8,5>I started dining at Thai Star when it was Best Thai Addison. I'm not quite sure if they switched chefs or just managers but it is still one of the BEST Thai places I have been to. I used to work at a Thai restaurant, so I knew what went into and what tasted like good AUTHENTIC Thai food and this place is it!Their lunch menu is so reasonably priced and such good portions, you'd think you're robbing them. It comes with your entree, small soup, and an eggroll. For about $7, I'll indulge in 2 servings! Just kidding.I am a huge fan of their Pad Kee Mow. I love spicy and I love basil. I pretty much get this dish every time, well I rotate this and the Pad Thai, at every Thai restaurant I go to. This gives me good comparison on what is good and what isn't. These classic dishes are just lick-you-lips, scrape-your-plate good. Nestled in Addison, close to the corporate headquarters, if you only have an hour lunch, try this place out. They're quick, polite, provide great service, and delicious foods.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2012,12/4/2012,75,47,4,7,4>A classic chinese/korean establishment since the 80s. They have one of my favorite dishes, so I'll be a little biased in this review. At least, I admit it.This review is only for their Jja-Jang Myun = "Black Bean Noodles"Its not the best Jja-Jang Myun in the world, but it's pretty damn good if you need that fix. They've been serving it for the past 30 years I've been in Dallas. However, when a new place opened up in Royal/Harry Hines area (Royal Wok), my family started to frequently go there. I switch from spot to spot because I like both flavors, but there is a slight difference which I leave the reader to his own imagination. I can't compare the two, you'll just have to eat them both...not in the same day, please.Chien Garden offers so much more than Black Bean Noodles. Another staple is their Jjam-bong, which I'm not very particular about but its refreshing and has that "homey" feeling during a cold winter night.They have several Chinese-American dishes as well, but I never get those. I stick with the authentic stuff.Hey this place has been open for 3 decades... their doing something right.AMBIANCEOutdated chinese art/decor. Tables and chairs from the 80s. Bathroom is a bit scary to go in to but not as bad as some other well-known establishments with disgusting bathrooms. I've seen worse.SERVICEAwesome. The owner is hilarious and kind. The staff is always up and ready to make your experience the way you want it, but don't ask for the red carpet...
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,12/3/2012,232,63,4,13,8>It was 10pm at night on Labor Day and we had just landed at the DFW airport after a long wedding weekend in Portland. It took us about 45 minutes to get our bags because one of them came  through baggage claim C12 and the other one came through baggage claim C15, how does this happen you ask? I do not know, and neither did the people that work there. Anyway, by the time we got out bags we were tired, hungry, felt kind of sickly and just generally fed up with the whole travelling situation.We both decided that some Pho would really hit the spot and so we called a few of the other Pho places around Dallas and no one was answering, not too surprising since it was late on a holiday. The last call we placed before giving up and just going home was to Dalat, and lo and behold they were open and would be serving Pho until 2am, glorious! We got it to go and they guy packed all of the ingredients separately for us and told us that we should re-boil the broth before adding everything in to make sure that the meat cooked fully. Barely able to contain ourselves walking in the door, we threw our bags down, reheated the broth on the stove, added in all of the tasty bits and went to work. The flavor was right on, spicy, savory and exactly what we needed. With bellies full of warm noodles, meat and broth we lolled off to a much needed sleep.They have some other tasty looking dishes on the menu that we are definitely going to try and we are planning on making this one of our staple restaurants. They are open from 11am-2am everyday and it would be really great if they delivered, but hey, can't get everything right? I highly recommend getting your Pho fix here, the owner is nice and the food is delicious.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2012,12/2/2012,85,165,3,4,4>Masala Wok is my go-to for chicken tikka masala. It may be a quickie counter service spot with limited ambiance, but you would never know it based on the food. In addition to the wonderfully creamy tikka masala,  I also enjoy the malai kafta. Masala does a nice job of preparing dishes with as little or as much spice as your little heart desires. Portion sizes seem to be a bit inconsistent from visit to visit- sometimes I have felt as though one dish could have easily been shared, sometimes not- but regardless, I always seem to roll out of here feeling like Violet Beauregard (you know...the Willy Wonka blueberry girl...). Perhaps it isn't the most authentic Indian food in Collin County, but my white girl taste buds don't seem to care.In a word: yum.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,12/1/2012,63,215,3,2,3>Yum.  Hold on, I will write this review, I promise.  Yum, yum, yum!  Ok, now, let me get star... YUM!  Every time I start to remember my first meal here, my mouth waters, my stomach grumbles and my nose remembers the great grilled meat aroma wafting through the air... I need to get a hold of myself so I can tell you what a great place this is for quality food and satisfying service.They're just down the street from me a ways and I know I'll be back to sample the rest of their menu.  On this visit, I had the TKO Burger and it definitely was a Tasty Knock-Out!  With chili, it's a memorable mess of goodness.  The chocolate malt was made with soft-serve ice cream, not hand-scooped, but, they put a good heaping helping of malted powder or whatever and it tasted okay.  I will agree with David T. who described it as tasting as if it had thickening agents in it.  I did not finish the shake.  And I never leave Smashburger's shakes unfinished.Nice dining room ambiance, kept well-cleaned, line moved quickly, food was ready promptly, expansive menu with lots of choices ranging in price.  It's not your typical fast food joint.  And the clientele seem to justify the restaurant's location.  You can spend as much here as you do a fancy steakhouse with wait service.  But, I wager the food will be just as good and you won't have to shell out a lot in tips.  So, there's that.Now, what am I going to do?  It's past midnight and they're not open to cure this craving I've given myself.  Hope you're happy with this review since I'm now in a world of hurt.  =)
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2012,11/30/2012,443,598,3,6,5>What enticed me to visit this place in the first place was their cheap lunch specials. $6.99 for a wide variety of Korean dishes along with more ban chan that you can finish. For my midday meal here, I usually go with their bento box specials. You'd think that this would be enough food for one person, but with the addition of the ban chan that comes with the meals good luck going back to work awake. Another reason I come here is their AYCE BBQ special that they have upstairs. Eating alone or in a huge group they have the space and will accommodate you in a timely fashion with RSVP. Your salad, rice, and grilled meats and veggies are on a buffet for your convenience and an assortment of ban chan is delivered and refilled. Also if you need anything there's a button somewhere that will have a waitress at your beck and call.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,11/29/2012,45,178,3,8,5>This place is legit!  Our favorite burger joint thus far in Dallas!  While waiting in line, the bartender asked us if we'd like to sit in the open seats at the full-service bar...of course we would!  He was very friendly and knowledgeable, and it was obvious that the staff of this place fully contribute to its high ratings.We really liked how the draft beer selection was made up of all local beers.  I tried the Live Oak Pilsner and loved it!  The frosty schooners were a definite plus!  Then for the burger selection...wow!  Everything sounded wonderful, and it was difficult to choose.  I ended up with the Terlingua which has fritos and chili on it.  There's just something about going back to my Frito pie days at the ballpark that makes me happy, and the Terlingua did the trick!  The burger was cooked perfectly and full of flavor, with the perfect amount of chili and fritos; I would definitely order this again.  My husband had the Magic Shroom and had equally good reviews.  We also enjoyed the fries, especially in the schmancy chipotle ketchup!This restaurant is a refreshing concept that we certainly appreciated.  After we walked out, my husband said, "My mind is blown.  I want to try everything on that menu."  Ditto here, hubs!  We can't wait to go back!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,11/28/2012,258,201,12,14,10>Hot diggity dog, I'm in wiener heaven. And yes, TWSS. Where else can you shove your face full of every kind of hot dog or sausage imaginable? I'll tell you. Nowhere. Nowhere but this place. After a long day of watching my fantasy football team go down in flames, I needed comfort. BF wanted pizza, but I just couldn't get excited about a pie. So when I saw that this place had opened, I jumped at the chance to try it. Spice up the rotation a bit, ya know? So we walked in, and the first thing I noticed walking in was the vibe. Maybe it was because I was coming off a bummer of a day, but to me it felt like everyone was genuinely happy to be there. The guy at the register, who I think was the manager, was super helpful, answered all of our questions (the menu is pretty big for a place that only sells hot dogs and sausages), and even made some great suggestions. So off the bat, things were looking up. While we were waiting I also heard him tell another customer that if they stayed busy they would happily stay open another hour (they close at 8 on Sundays and at 7:30 it was still bumpin'.) Even though it's technically a franchise, it 100% felt like a neighborhood mom and pop shop.BF settled on a Hot Jalapeno sausage link and a Chili Cheese Frito Dog. I got a Chicago Style with a turkey dog instead of a regular one. This was a big gamble, cause I've had some baaaaad turkey dogs. But I figured if they could get that right, that would be the true test of this place. WIN! That frigging thing was delicious. And HUGE! It had the authentic Chicago-style neon green relish, so as soon as I opened the foil, I knew tastebud ecstasy would ensue. BF's jalapeno sausage one was demolished so fast I didn't even have time to ask him if it was any good before it was gone. Summary: If you want a hot dog, this is the only place you need to be going. Thank me later.I have a feeling this place will be around for a while, and I'm gonna enjoy every doggone minute of it.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2012,11/27/2012,118,251,7,13,13>Finally! A nice cafe in Dallas.. I'm sure people are thinking there are other places that are quiet decent but I am more of the atmosphere type. Saw the exciting news in Korean newspaper but didn't know when it would open. FYI: Caffe Bene was started in Korea and as of now it is one of the well known cafes in Korea. You might have seen their logo in Kdramas or shows. I actually came in on their soft opening, grand opening is Nov 7. For their soft opening  they had a 10% off deal for the entire purchase, sounds pretty low but like I said I was into the design. CB has a wide selection of this and that, such as waffles, gelatos, brunch, and of course coffee! The dessert section was pretty interesting... noticed a huge bread drenched with some sort of syrup? Also had models of the waffles, yummmy!I ordered hot tea and orange ginger muffin. The tea brand was Mighty Leaf, heck yeah the good stuff! Chamomile Citrus was so soothing I practically felt like I could fall asleep in a flash. The orange ginger muffin is on hold for now so I can't say much about it, hoping that the muffin isn't overpowered by sugar. Now the design/interior is awesome! Love the small gadgets they added to make the whole picture look interesting. Probably didn't understand that but you gotta see this place to understand what I'm talking about. I really like the furniture and the wood theme inside this cafe. They also offer an option to read from their book collection, mostly Korean though...  Didn't have a chance to actually go to the bathroom but my guess is it's probably awesome as well. I will mostly take another visit to here! Just to let you know this is located in the building facing Trinity Mills/190, next to Hmart.
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,11/26/2012,213,499,5,7,7>Pretty nifty place.  For one thing, I'm just really excited to have a nice, laid back bar in the BAD.  There are plenty of restaurants with bars in them, but this place is definitely more bar than restaurant.  I've never been to the bar by the Thai restaurant and I didn't much care for Whitehall so, yay for Ten Bells!The patio space is nice, and the inside is a bit dark and sparse, but definitely has a little bit of a London vibe.  Service is cool but friendly at the bar--our waitress on another occasion seemed brand spankin new and didn't really know much about the menu yet but the place itself is pretty new so I'll give it a pass for now.Pretty interesting international beer selection, and while the menu is a bit scattered, some of the stuff on there sounds pretty good.  Wings were just ok, the pickled eggs are pretty tasty, and I'm dying to try the grilled cheese with fries in it....just gotta save it for a day when I run around White Rock Lake or something and need to carboload :)I think I rate this place a bit higher than perhaps I might otherwise because it really is better than other options in the area.  Might be a bit tougher competition in a different location but as it is, I know I'll be back!
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,11/25/2012,686,887,6,10,10>I heard about Maple and Motor a few years ago and I finally got a boyfriend to take me! I think they were rated third behind Angry Dog in 2009 and 2010? Angry Dog by far my favorite! I dont like twisted roots and I havent had the Grape burgers yet. They were ranked number 1. Angry Dog was #2. First, ignore the picture somebody post up on yelp because prices are a little bit higher now. It's still cheap but its not like the menu picture. Despite my favorite burger joint, I still liked this place. I got the no pink single bacon cheese burger with jalepanos. IT WAS SOOOOOO GOOOD!!! you can get the jalepanos grill. one of the best burgers I've ever had thats for sure! it was simple but flavorful and delicious. I dont like it when they try to fancy up a burger. Burgers arent meant for you to throw a ton of ingredients in there. Then it'll just be too much going on. Other reviews werent too thrill about their fries but I love their fries!!! also simple and it was fresh to me! it had that snapping crunch when you bite into it. Fries, too, were simple. Just tossed in salt and pepper. This place is really busy during lunch hour. Take it to go if you can or try to hurry up and eat because they need the table for other people. We couldnt really sit there and chit chat much because we felt bad holding up the table. The area is not pleasant and away from uptown...I like it! it has character and it's not too stuck up uptown snobs. It's kind of hard to find if you use google map. It told me to go towards uptown. It's off Maple so coming from 35 highway turn left on maple. Drive all the way and its on the right. Google map will tell you to turn right on Maple from 35, its wrong.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,11/24/2012,100,181,6,6,4>Earlier today, I'm driving down Royal Lane from 161 since I missed my correct turn, so I took a moment to just sit right there and enjoy my new living environment.  As I drive, I'm thinking about all my friends back home in Cali making plans to go to the beach... without me, because I'm now stuck in a Republican state.  Sadness overcomes me.  I sigh and look around some more.  Then... I see it.  The gem of the west coast.  The restaurant I'd started frequenting years ago and got my entire family to love.  I swept 2 lanes like a mother and sped into the parking lot.  The OPEN sign is lit.  OMG!!! I am now having the best day ever!!!!!!!!  There's a Taco Del Mar down the road from me.  Yes, yes, YES!Great new location next door to Subway.  Menu is the usual for Taco Del Mar; Nachos, Platters, Mondo Burritos. My favorite and usual order is a wet veggie mondito burrito. Mondito is just a smaller burrito than the Mondo- since I don't eat like a man, I need the Mondito.  Anyways, I digress.Tortilla is heated, guacamole and sour cream enter the arena, followed by spanish rice, black beans, cheese, pico de gallo, lettuce, and habenero sauce to complete. Roll it all up, pour on the sauce, and after 2 mins in the microwave, you have a Mexican party in your mouth! yummmm.....As soon as I got home, I text everyone to tell them about my new discovery.  I am still so excited.  My husband's looking at me like I'm some sort of weirdo.  He has no idea what he's been missing all his life.  I give him one bite and wait for his reaction.  Cue the moaning sounds!  He LOVES it.  We went splitsies on the burrito.  So good.  Convinced my husband to add this to our favorites list.  We will definitely be back again.For those who are Carnivores, they do have the option of adding ground beef, chicken, fish, and shredded beef to your food.  Vegans are also welcomed at this place; they have pot beans and other vegan friendly items.Also, if you'd rather not get the enchilada sauce on top, you can always get queso on there, or just get it regular.  I've never had the tacos here, but I've always heard great things about them.So, get in here and try whatever you like.  You will leave with a full belly of good food and a smile on your face.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,11/23/2012,273,145,4,6,2>My mouth just orgasm'd! Yes that's right- I have a love affair w my food....my palate was already wet when my sweet basket of goodness showed up... I LOVE a great burger.  And I really love an out of the way --took me to a part of Dallas I'd never guess held this gem...Thank you Mary S fellow yelper for the recommendation.  Off-Site Kitchen delivers.  From the fountain drinks and flowing brewed sweet tea to the chest full of some original Pepsi and Squirt soft drinks...READ: Real Cane Sugar y'all! ;) Loved the sassy and sweet woman at the counter.I ordered the Locals burger which was AMAZING...it was like pop rocks in my mouth. Bacon and Jalapeño relish... I couldn't stop eating even though the juices were running down my face and arms.  The basket of russett potatoe fries were YUM!  I took most of them with me to go and ate on the way home to North town...I will be telling everyone about this place!  Be ready to wait in line outside the joint...walk up counter and order...go find a seat inside or out and they bring to you by name.  Parking is limited however you can park behind the place down the gravel drive.  There is more than burgers here too so definitely be trying some other menu items on future visits...that's IF I can get past this yummy burger!! :)  So far this place is up there for me with Maple & Motor for best burger in Dallas.....Stay tuned...more burgers to eat P.S. Dont' forget to try the pie...i will next time ;)
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2012,11/22/2012,435,2415,,5,5>This new restaurant at the Hilton Anatole is great!  I wasn't sure what to expect after Nana closed, but was pleasantly surprised.  The decor is modern and much more relaxing than the prior restaurant.  The service was attentive and friendly.  The food was delicious as well - we started with a meat/cheese board, followed by an arugula salad and then a filet with creamed corn and finished off with beignets.  I walked away full and very happy with my meal and the dining experience.  Bonus: great views of the Dallas skyline too!
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,11/21/2012,325,161,8,6,6>Liquid Lunch?Since Spec's opened right next to my building I have been a lunch time regular. No, I am not a raging alcoholic, though I do play one on TV. Specs has a great lunch menu! Order your sandwich, burger or al a cart deli item(s) and go window shopping while you wait. My fave items are the California Dreamin sandwich and the ready to go baby back ribs! It got to be pretty embarrassing when the guys at the counter all knew my name and actually thought I worked there (sadly no employee discount was awarded). I would then march back to work with my liquor store sack lunch in hand.Sadly, I no longer work next door, but I still come back from time to time, for supplies. They have got to be the love child of Goody Goody and Central Market! Where else can you find caviar, more cheese than a 80's romantic comedy, champange, a walk in humidor, a huge selection of Scotch, gourmet chocolates, coffee beans from all around the world, wine by the bottle or case, deli meats sliced to your specifications, more beer than at a Baptist convention and a paella pan? It's kind of fitting that this used to be a Toy's r Us, because you feel like a kid in a ... well you know.SPECtacular!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,11/20/2012,51,196,8,7,3>Went here based on the good reviews... have loved Indian food for about 13 yrs... have enjoyed me some Tandoor in Arlington, Pasand in Irving, and Udipi Cafe in Richardson...Taj Chaat House lived up to the reviews. I loved everything about it. It's a complete dive from the outside - in one of the most drab, boring looking strip malls you could imagine. I was expecting it to be more of a dive on the inside based on other reviewers, but found it surprisingly pleasant, albeit pretty modest and bare bones.The FOOD... we tried the Bombay Masala Dosa which was excellent. My wife would've preferred the regular Masala Dosa because she didn't lke some of the extra ingredients like red pepper, but we could both tell it was quality. The Dahi Puri was amazing... probably our favorite of the meal. It's like a fried puff partly filled with chickpeas, with lots of fresh tomatoes, onions, and delicious sauces spooned on top. Very light and refreshing. Finally, we ordered the Madras Thali, which put simply is like a giant Indian combo platter... it came with rice, breads (paratha?), curries, soups, warm rice pudding, and extra sauces, etc. It was really a ton of food, and we couldn't finish everything.What I want to do next time: order more off the Chaat menu. I love that this place has more than your standard curries. Along the same lines, and switching to Japanese food, I have heard that Mr. Max (also in Irving) has more options than your standard sushi-centered Japanese restaurant. I love it when restaurants go a step beyond the ordinary, and do it well.Okay, now I gotta get all goofy hipster on you. What I loved... and what I've heard is a marker of good ethnic food... is that we were the only white people in there the entire time. I felt all cool and self-important, like my very presence christened me an ambassador for international peace and tolerance. I guess, in reality, the locals just know where to eat, and they didn't mind a couple of whities crashing their party.Okay, this is turning out to be my longest review ever... the only downside of this place: they are single-handedly creating an Irving landfill with all the styrofoam they use. Everything is disposable styrofoam :(Still great.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2012,11/19/2012,212,403,3,6,5>Hillstone. thank you for giving me a great experience on a special night with the boo.  I have always wanted to try Hillstone or Houstons since american food is legit, so i decided to make a reservation on one special sunday night to try it out.  We arrive right on time and the waitress sat us down in a booth for two.The interior is dim and almost movie set like.  It was nice to walk in and see the open kitchen to the right, chefs grilling on the woodfire grill, line cooks prepping the sides, it was nice sight to see.  We decided to order the house smoked salmon, the Hawaiian ribeye, the double cut pork chop, and the five-nut brownie.  While we were sitting, we noticed that a group who had arrived later than us got their appetizers all ready.  We weren't sure what was going on but after reminding our waitress, she apologized for forgetting and said she would take care of it.  3 minutes later the manager personally delivers the salmon and apologizes for the wait and said it was on the house.  We were very impressed with the service.  Hillstone takes pride in delivering excellent customer service.The salmon was smokey and tender and came with a very good tartar style sauce.  Infused with dill and capers, it was a perfect match with the salmon.  The hawaiian ribeye was cooked more medium than medium rare, but the flavor was definitely on point.  It came with a loaded baked potato that did not disappoint,  The double cut pork chop was magical.  Brined so that there was lots of moisture and flavor, it was cooked to perfection.  I had asked for medium and it came out perfect,  It came with mashed potatoes that had diced onions in it.  Sauteed spinach was also served along with the potatoes which still had a bite to them.  We also ordered a side of black beans and brown rice which i would say was the best side.  Slightly sweet, there was great flavor.  The five-nut brownie is a chocoholics dream.  A warm, gooey brownie topped with nuts, vanilla ice cream, caramel sauce, and surrounded by creme anglaise, every bite was rich and decadent.  Hillstone did not disappoint at all.  I absolutely will revisit Hillstone again.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,11/18/2012,213,82,11,13,6>So, I have to take this step by step.  First, I notice the prices and consider walking back out.  Then I notice that everyone is getting go plates then I see the portions. WHOA!  No wonder!  I got an order of ribs, greens, okra, and yams.  Basically, the portion was so big that I got lunch, dinner, and the next day's lunch for $17.30.  That's just under $6 per meal. ;-)Now for the quality of the food--OFF THE HOOK!  The ribs are very tender and the barbecue sauce is great.  The greens are perfectly seasoned and the okra is wonderfully delicious.  By the way, I forgot about the three cornbread muffins, which are also really good.I would give it 5 stars but they've GOT to at least replace the roof shingles and do some other repairs on the place.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/17/2012,207,393,3,4,7>Outstanding bar service. I was in on a busy Fall Saturday night. I walked up to a full bar and was immediately greeted with eye contact and the "what can I get you?" nod. Nice. We waited in some super-comfy chairs that suck you into a very dark lounge area. Garage doors up, even on a cool night, with TV tuned to football but no sound - thankfully, Goodfriends is not a sports bar - and enjoyed some subtle house music ("Is that 80s Cure?") Ordered a few beers - all great choices by the bartender - and a burger once seated. Had the burger with the fried egg on it. Chomping into a med-rare patty, the warm, gooey yolk mixes with the charred ground beef and turns into a creamy carnivore compote. I asked my server to pair a beer with my burger, which struck her as a frequent request, the response to which was a nutty porter. Goodfriend also stocks copper mugs and ginger beer. If you've never had a Moscow Mule, try one. They're dangerously delish, and the sweet carbonation is a nice digestif. Nothing more manly than eating beef-and-eggs with your hands and washing it down with a vodka cocktail from a condensation-covered copper cup. Finished with a homemade fried pecan pie, almost as hot as the surface of the sun, so go slow. Scene-wise, Goodfriend is a cool little mix of tattoo'd hipsters, long-toothed Lake Highlands and Lakewood residents, and yuppie foodies.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,11/16/2012,178,175,6,5,3>Wow, they're loaded with candy / sodas that I've never even heard of. They have a lot of candy from Europe which is apparently not as sweet as the stuff we have here (Which was perfect for me).They also carry a bunch of cool toys and keychains that I haven't seen anywhere else before. The back end of the store has several refrigerators full of sodas that have unique flavors. My friends and I tried the Bacon Soda. As good as bacon is, it fails to live up to it's name in soda form, unfortunately.I would come back next time I'm in the area just to see what else I can find, but I'd definitely stay away from the bacon soda!
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2012,11/15/2012,541,525,5,9,8>I seriously love this place.  For serious. MP wanted to get me a new bike for my B-day and I wanted something stylish but also something I could ride comfortably without getting sore in my nethers. Something fun and totally sweet.  Since I know absolutely NOTHING about bikes, MP did all the research as his mountain bike is his most prized possession, took him 2 years to build it.  Sooooo......after narrowing the field down to a few different types and test riding some of them.  He takes me to Switching Gears for the final showdown.  When we walk in they are hanging out, eating lunch.  Love. The store is small and quaint.  Probably 20 bikes on display.  Around the edge of the store are accessories, helmets, bike racks, locks, bags, gloves, socks, t-shirts, etc...MP starts asking tons of questions (lingo I don't get) and asks them to pull out a bike for me to try.  He pulls out the bike, adjusts it for my height and talks to me about what I wanted in a bike and what my goal was for it.  Tells me a little about the bike and that it has just been built the day before.  After just chit chatting with him for a while, I decided to give it a spin. It rode so smooth and I felt really great on it and absolutely had no anxiety about falling over or being a complete idiot.  Common for me.  He even brought out the "french" style of that bike for me to try, but I liked mine better.   After just talking a little more about the bike and other options, we decided this was the bike for me and the confetti fell from the ceiling!  I would MUCH rather shop at a place like this than Bike Mart or anyplace where mass bikes are sold.  You get the 1 on 1 customer service.  The fun and honest feeling that I'm being listened to and helped.  Not pressured into buying something, just cause I inconvenienced them.  Supporting local is so important to me, and I was HAPPY to give them our business and I couldn't be more thrilled with my bike.  I've ridden it every day since I got it.  Like them on FB or get on their email list and you'll get updates on their rides and you can join them!!  Oh yea, and my bike?  The Linus Dutchi 3 Speed -- practically perfect in every way.  Sweet.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2012,11/14/2012,113,96,5,2,4>Went here with a group of friends to end our night and it was definitely a great experience. In hindsight this would have been a great place for us to start our night because the crowd was fuckin' awesome!Paid $5 for a Dos Equis, enjoyed the music and made small talk with a variety of groups there. The general theme that I noticed was, frat or tatt. I was talking to some frat lookin' ass guy that was there broin' it out with his friends but it's all good. He was nice enough to buy me a shot simply because I said he had nice kicks. I also mingled with a couple of tatted up lesbians that were all jokes and smiles. I was entertained by a group of drunken girls that were attempting to play Jenga. But apparently my Jenga chant was not welcome and I was shoo'd away from their table which is understandable. If you're looking for a good time on a Friday or Saturday night then I would definitely suggest you stop by Barcadia, you most likely won't regret it.
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,11/13/2012,137,147,9,7,4>I'm tempted to roll out a 5th star because I am completely hooked on this place. What the vietnamese language lacks in beauty (don't try to act like you don't know what I'm talking about-If you have ever heard vietnamese spoken then you know it sounds like a car crash of drunk consonants), La Me more than makes up for the sounds of it's language with food that is melodious and delicious.As everyone has mentioned, the fried egg rolls are fantastic. I like the #84 which is a rice noodle plate including deep fried shrimp paste strips, rice sticks, chargrilled pork, and rice paper wrappers that you dip in water and then wrap your own rolls out of the aforementioned ingredients. It's served with a giant plate of fresh greens and veggies. The mint is especially good. The Hanoi noodle dish is also really nice. Prices for both of these are basically fast-food-esque. When you factor in how much delicious food you can get for so little money, you start to realize the reason the US lost the Vietnam war. If the vietnamese people can master food economics this well, then they were definitely capable of beating the hell out of a bunch of fast-food burger eating americans.Highly recommended.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,11/12/2012,491,214,5,12,7>Tucked into a strip mall, looking not too enticing, is one of my favorite places - Farnatchi's! :-DWHEN TO COME:I come here whenever I get the chance, whether it be Sunday brunch, work day lunch, or evening dinner.  The place recently underwent some changes due to new ownership.  Some changes are welcome, while others make me cringe.WHAT TO EAT:More like, "what not to eat!"  The food is "muah," magnifico! Their weekend brunch is very nice!  They serve from both the lunch and brunch menus during brunch, which is good to know.  I am in love with their French Toast filled with marscapone and covered with fruit and some honey.  Dessert for breakfast? Yes, please!  If you order OJ, someone makes it in the back right when you order it.  I ordered a carafe of OJ for my group - took a few minutes, but was totally worth it!  It was the sweetest, freshest tasting OJ I've ever had.  This place is still BYOB, so you can bring your own champagne to make mimosas!  Yippee!  The corking fee is $5.95, but if you check in on yelp, you can redeem an offer for one free corking fee.  Very nice! (Or bring a wine/sparkling wine) which doesn't require corking)I love coming here for lunch.  I love most of their pizzas.  My favorite is the pesto and shrimp pizza.  I admit, it's hard for me to stray from this specific pizza when I'm there!  The arugala and meaty pizzas are good as well.  I didn't like the greek veggie pizza.  I love pizzas w/"greek" toppings, this one is not so good though.  Their lunch specials are very good - under $10 gets you food and a drink.  The calzones are very good and are on the lunch special list.  I always have their peach tea and sweeten it up w/a pink packet of carcinogens.  They have great dinner specials posted on their chalk board, which are DEFINITELY worth trying!  They have good hummus, good risotto,great pasta dishes, good salads...and their desserts LOOK good, but I've never tried one.They now have bud light and shock top on draft and a few beers by the bottle.  I like the option.  Weekday happy hour is $2.50 drafts, but I forget the applicable times)THE FACILITY:Walk in and wait for one of the servers to seat you.  The place is small, but I've never had a problem with seating whether I was in a party of 2 or 8.  However, I'd say you will be better off with a party of 2-4.I liked the look of this place much more before ownership changed.  Now, there are posters and neon lights boasting the fact that they now serve beer.  It sadly cheapens the look up. :-(  I like that they are serving beer, but don't like the craptastic banners and lights.  The chalk board which lists specials is classier and works nicely - stick to that! The music played doesn't quite suit the restaurant, in my opinion.  However, it's definitely not a deal breaker.SERVICE:I have NEVER had bad service here.  I really like the folks and I try to always thank the cooks when walking out.  They will also split checks if requested.PARKING:Since it's in a strip mall area, around lots of other restaurants and stores, there is ample parking.  However, the lot get's ridiculously packed during peak lunch hours, so I suggest getting here by 11:30 if you are doing lunch.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,11/11/2012,98,160,9,6,5>There was a Lotus casually parked in front in the valet parking section. A doorman wearing clothes that cost more than everything I was wearing at the time held the door for us as we entered. A trio of hostesses checked our name off of the reservation list and one guided us to our booth, stopping to ask if anyone would need dark linens as opposed to the standard issue white ones. It was clear that I did not belong in this building and I would be outed before the wine list even got to the table as someone who clearly got confused and wandered in here by mistake. As it turns out, the magic of The Capital Grille sits squarely between being exceptional in every facet of presentation and making its guests feel exceptional enough to sign autographs for anyone they pass as they leave the building at the end of the night, confident that they have now attained royalty status as a result of just eating here.The building is huge. You can tell that just by walking up to it and realizing that it stretches almost the entire length of its corner location. Once you're inside, your eyes probably need to adjust to the darkened interior that was probably lifted directly out of a hunting lodge somewhere in the Alps. The (enclosed when it needs to be) patio and bar sit to the right, while a massive dining room and private rooms unfold to the left. Our group had reservations for a Friday night and we were seated in a plush booth that would go on to envelop us into a pseudo bear hug of comfort that made standing up the most difficult action in the world when all was said and done due to the sheer quantity of food and drink wrestling with each other in our respective stomachs.Our waitress arrived with her partner who excelled in refills and sneaking up on me to give me a refill of water (either I'm oblivious or she was half-ninja... could be both). The waitress welcomed us and motioned for the "Captain's List" of wines for our table. Another waiter materialized out of thin air with a hardback book of wines that ran the price range from "Even I can afford that" to "If I sold all of my furniture, I might be able to afford a third of that bottle..." The head of our table selected one per the waiter's recommendation and we were off in a land of decadence and local folklore - I don't know if we got lucky and found the one historian/waiter in the building but when asked about the various pictures on the wall, the dude knew who everyone was. I was able to recognize Eisenhower... I considered it a small victory and downed the wine that would go on to back a meal the likes of which are not found in most other establishments.After running through a three-hour dissection of the menu and chef's specials (and I don't mean that in a snarky way - our waitress literally had the deceivingly complex menu down to a science and we were all the better off as a result), our waitress took our orders. Lobster bisque that I almost shamefully drank down? A 24-oz. steak that very well could be enough for two people that I polished off much faster than is safely recommended? Au gratin potatoes that really should have come with a complex pneumatic system to just force them into my mouth from their serving tray? You'd better believe it. This doesn't take into account the other wondrous dishes lining the table - spinach salads that make me consider tearing into one despite being allergic to spinach, cedar plank salmon that looked like it should be placed on a pedestal in a museum, a confusingly amazing combo of creamed corn and bacon? Oh my, my yes. The scotch and dessert (the best cheesecake I have ever had, bar none) that followed afterwards capped off the dining and made me look around the building for a suitable place to engage in competitive napping, something I have mastered following years of college lectures and business meetings. It was not to be. Needless to say, I am now typing this review from the afterlife because this meal successfully did me in and I passed into the "great beyond" with a smile on my face (and my laptop, apparently).Potential hang-ups? Price could threaten to overwhelm you if you aren't prepared. Proximity, too. Capital Grille has the unfortunate luck to be in the Shops at Legacy, a breeding ground of vacuousness and armies of individuals more plastic than anything else that are capable of sucking all the oxygen out of the room just by walking into it. Trust me, though - it's worth allocating funds for the night and wading through the depravity that is Seasons 52 (across the street) and the Blue Martini Bar (literally next door) to arrive at what is easily the best establishment in the area. The overall experience is one of elegance and excellence, a one-two punch of quality that anyone who made it this far in the review should do everything in their power to enjoy. And if the owner of the Lotus is reading this, your car is awesome.
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2012,11/10/2012,326,673,7,8,6>I thought I was walking to Monica's when I set out the other night to get some mexican food, but I found this instead. I think Maracas has replaced Monica's - not sure why - but the air conditioning was blasting, the drinks strong, and the food delicious, so who really cares what the place is called? We had 6 mixed drinks, guac/salsa/chips, a chicken salad, and a 3 chicken taco plate. The total charge was $44: AMAZING! The chicken breast on the salad was fresh and there was a good amount of it, but the dressing wasn't as salty as I hoped. I realize this is a weird desire, but I'm used to the fast food chain Pollo Loco's creamy cilantro dressing, and anytime creamy cilantro dressing is less flavorful than that, it makes me wish I were in the Pollo Loco drive thru instead. The chicken tacos were good, nothing super special (but chicken tacos are frequently nothing special). The fresh salsa and guacamole were the real meal makers, and they were so perfect. The salsa was perfectly spicy, and super fresh. The chips were warm. The drinks were also strong, so perhaps that is why my memory of the food eaten after the chips is hazy. It was a good base for the ridiculous amount of drinks I had after we left Maracas around Deep Ellum, the food assuredly being the only thing that prevented my death from alcohol poisoning. Thank you Maracas for saving my life!Also, the servers were extremely attentive and sweet, and the interior was clean. I will definitely be back, and I'll try to drink less this time so I can report back on their entrees with more authority.
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2012,11/9/2012,387,387,8,11,5>Let me preface this by saying I love the TX state fair on TUESDAYS! On Tuesday you can gain entrance for $5 (regular price $16) if you bring in an empty Dr. pepper can! Parking is still $15 dollars though. So at the door, you've already peeled off $20! But the rides on Tues are 5 tickets each, except for the Texas Star ferris wheel...that is still 14 tickets as of this fair season (2012). And one of the peeves I have with the ferris wheel is that they make you fill each cage with 4-6 people, which means you have to cram in with strangers if you don't have 4 or 6 in your group (for balance issues perhaps)! For paying 14 tickets to ride, it seems like the least they could do is let you sit with folks you know and love! Couples, forget about having a romantic ride on the ferris wheel...Bob over here will be seated across from you with his rastafarian banana. Anyway, the good stuff:It wasn't very crowded at all, and wait times on everything including the ferris wheel was less than 10 minutes!Fletchers corn dog (definitely a staple and a must)Bloomin onion (as far as I know, there is only ONE stand that has these...it's at the main entrance to the Cotton Bowl and the Midway games section)Turkey leg (but 19 tickets!)Petting zooParade (I think this happened at 7:30 pm this night)International beer garden (they have a really vast selection of beers for the same number of tickets as you would get a bud light from any other beer stand at the fair)Mouse trap (this ride was surprisingly fun! Jolted me every which way! Loved it!)Carousel (be a kid again...it's only 5 tickets)Not so good:Fried jambalaya (this year's winner for best taste didn't really stick with me. The inside was just a bit of dried up seasoned rice imo)Picnic on a stick (catchy name...but really just a fried kabob of chicken, mashed potatoes, and pickles, in that order, repeated three times)Fried pickles (think we got a bad batch of overly charred salty pickles)Chicken fried steak (kind of rubbery)The haunted house ride (so not scary at all!)
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,11/8/2012,52,225,,8,3>We went today for opening day of the new Frisco location of this national chain. We've never been to one before, so all we had to go on were all the fans of it online.It's very nicely decorated, psychedelic and colorful.The staff was friendly and though they just opened it wasn't too chaotic.As a beer drinker, I have to note the great beer selection with a lot of local and national microbrews on tap and decent prices for them.We tried the mushroom soup, cheese bread and a small buffalo and Mediterranean pizza. The kids each had mac&cheese with apple slices and milk.The mushroom soup was creamy and thick, with mushroom pieces and cheese sprinkled on top. It had a nice taste of mushrooms with a slight side taste of cheese. It's definitely worth trying and I'll definitely order it again when we return.The cheese bread was good, too, and it was definitely enhanced by the beer cheese dip a server recommended.The pizza is thick crust, made with whole wheat, and it was nice and doughy with just the right amount of crispness. Both the Mediterranean and the buffalo pizza were very good in their own way. Certainly not traditional pizza, but if you like this kind of specialty pizza, you' won't be disappointed.It's a bit comparable to BJ's pizzas, but I have to say I prefer the pizza at Mellow Mushroom.Service wise they still had some hiccups, but it was opening day so that's excusable.We enjoyed ourselves and will be back.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,11/7/2012,290,376,6,12,6>BFF and I literally stumbled upon this spot quite by accident.  As many times (and that is a lot!) that we've toodled down McKinney Ave, we'd never noticed MAT.  Happy, happy that we did one Sunday afternoon.It was early, so there were only a couple of other folks around.  We first went inside and grabbed two chairs @ the bar.  Greeted by a most friendly bartender, Dave.  He promptly delivered our drinks and let us know about their Sunday Soul Food menu; one entree and three sides for $10.  Boy, BFF, being the frugal soul that he is, jumped on that bandwagon in a mere heartbeat.We both ordered the fried catfish and sides including black-eyed peas, collard greens, broccoli, green beans, and fried okra.  All the food was pretty darn good.  The catfish was a large piece, moist and flaky inside.  The breading was a little thicker than i prefer, but not undesirable.  We liked it with the made in house tartar sauce.The collard greens were amazing, just like the ones Grandma made back on the farm, with huge chunks of bacon, creating a wonderful smoky flavor.  The fried okra was also pretty delish, just needed a little salt.  Black-eyed peas were okay; the broth seemed a little thin, but had an excellent taste.BFF scarfed down his favorite vege, the broccoli, placing one flowerette on my plate to try.  Sorry big guy, this is my least fave food.  He said it was very good.While dining, Big Al himself dropped by to say hello.  What a friendly guy, made us feel right at home.After gorging ourselves (I had to get a to go box, way too much food for one sitting), we asked for spicy Bloody Marys and strolled out to that great patio to enjoy a cool breeze and watch the world go by.  By this time, several other folks had arrived, and we enjoyed engaging with all the pups that had brought their parents for a Sunday outing.  Saw some real cuties including a miniature Chihuahua  belonging to one of the staffers.  That little pup was taking in all the love and pets offered!This was a really nice experience to end the weekend.  It's definitely going to remain at the top of our weekend rotations.  Such friendly folks, outstanding service by Dave and a great atmosphere.  That patio will call us back soon before the Texas summer heat arrives and keeps us inside.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,11/6/2012,262,584,2,4,5>Came here for a friend's bday (fellow Yelper Melissa D.  What?  What?)  and think she made an awesome choice.  The menu made it hard to decide but once I saw the butternut squash cappellacci my mind was made up.  This is a dish that once you have it you don't ever wnat to try anything new there because it's THAT. GOOD.  Not sweet at all, just amazing.  I also have to say I was impressed with the size of the dish, not too much food. I also tried thier Sangria which was alright but had no problem switching to beer after one.  The boyfriend ordered a pizza and I personally thought it was large for a single serving however he managed it all. (:  He said the pizza was good as well.The restaurant is a little on the small size and would probably recommend reservations to avoid a wait time.  The service was alright but have to say think the waiter seemed really tired and about ready to go home.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2012,11/5/2012,851,315,4,5,4>Millennium isn't just your ordinary antique shop... as in... they really have a TON OF STUFF! It's crazy. I walked in and was bombarded with childhood memories (the good ones; not the ones where you're locked in a closet for days on end and only given bread and water).ANYWAY, from lunchboxes to coffee mugs to drums to clothing... they've got it all. And if you don't see it, look again. Cause they'll have it. I came here a week or so ago with fellow Yelpers for the Cash Mob (wish I could link to that page so you can see how awesome it was), and it was a great time had by all!So that's the story. It's a good place. Check it out soon, and support your local community business owners as well!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,11/4/2012,236,272,9,12,10>My bf and two friends of ours visited Jumpstreet thanks to a Groupon deal, and we were pretty excited about the place! I hadn't jumped on a trampoline since I was a little kid taking gymnastics. It had trampolines for plain and simple jumping, a foam pit, a mechanical bull, and a dodgeball court. "Sounds like lots of fun", I thought!Little did my poor body know that it was in for the workout of a lifetime. For two glorious hours, we jumped, had races, did flips and silly poses in mid-air, played dodgeball, rode the bull, and nearly lost our socks in the foam pit trying to get out of it. I felt like a kid again, and even my bf, who can be a bit allergic to working out, had a blast, too. We have tons of goofy pictures and videos of our experience there, and all my bf and I can talk about is going back. However, given the amount of soreness we have had the past two days, we might have to wait another week to do that...
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2012,11/3/2012,725,843,6,12,7>BREAST QUARTER--you just have to.  It's gorgeous--not all KFC'y looking.  It's brown and crispy with the flavors of honey and buttermilk in the crust.  A little part of me died and went to heaven with every bite.  It doesn't need to be dipped in anything.  Meat is moist and juicy without being all greasy and slimey.  The gravy is made from scratch and also tastes amazing.  Try the tamale.  It's totally worth replacing a side.  My standard order is the Breast Quarter and a Tamale.  Sweet merciful crap--it's amazing.  The fries are my favortie in Dallas.  They are seasoned with all kinds of stuff.  One bite might not taste entierly like the next.  And I dip them in the gravy and the ranch dip.  I also love the sodas, I mix the watermelon and the lime.  Very refreshing.  And if you've not tried the homemade popsicles, you probably should.  I had the Pina Colada and there was a cherry inside.  It was dang good.I've also had the chicken strips and mac'n'cheese.  Both were good but not as outstanding as the breast quarter.  If you've not had chicken here, you deserve to treat yourself.  And what's more fun than having Chicken Scratch and eating it outside at the Foundry.  I have a fondness for picnic tables and misting fans.  And if it's too hot, mosey into the Fourndry's inside totally air conditioned lounge.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,11/2/2012,46,103,,10,2>So they still have a few little kinks to work out but those issues are inconsequential in the grand scheme of their service.The decoration is akin to the Venetian in Vegas, though obviously not quite as grandiose. I was a frequent movie goer when SMG was open in Addison, but after it closed i've only been to SMG one or twice and the other locations did not have the charm of the original location. For me, Venetian is SMG with nicer accommodations, a better menu, and friendlier staff.The theater has some real positives:1. extremely comfortable rolling leather (pleather) chairs2. true stadium seating3. excellent screens with support for 3D and good, balanced audio.4. prompt, predictable service.5. compared to the large chains, the ticket prices are a better value.They have two fantastic bar's inside, the second is around the corner from the entry. It would seem the founders really went all out on decorating the place. When I visited they were still in a soft-launch mode (2 weeks in), but the staff was courteous, engaging, and helped make the visit more pleasant. No doubt that they'll get even better with a few weeks of operation.I hope they force SMG to step up their game. Kudo's. I'll be back. Frequently.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,11/1/2012,322,339,8,9,6>A night out at wine bar just sounds lame. However, if that night out happens to be at Cork, I willingly go. Even though Cork is a wine bar in Uptown, it doesn't have an overly pretentious vibe. The servers are great. They patiently answer my questions and make educated suggestions. The service at Cork is certainly one of their best attributes as consistently good customer service is a rarity. The selection of wine is variable and fun. I usually walk away from Cork having tried something new that I thoroughly enjoyed. Last week, it was a lovely Pinot Noir.They also sometimes offer a Wine 101 Class. If you are looking for something fun and different to do and want to learn from some true wine enthusiasts - this is a fantastic option.Wine drinkers are pussies. I prefer single malt whiskey and smoke Cubans. That being said, if do venture into wine territory, I only do so with gusto at Cork.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2012,10/31/2012,3760,1373,12,16,13>I bar hop at North Park Mall with my friend Mark.  This time after drinks at Maggiano's and a fun time with strangers playing a game where we guessed driving distances, (Boise to Miami is 2834.6 for instance.) we set out for a facial, but not having eaten, decided to purchase what I thought were two chocolates at the little booth in front of Neimans. They were only $2 a piece, and not chocolate but cake.  I had German Chocolate and my friend had Red Velvet.I also thought they might be healthier, but when I asked for calorie information the young woman expressed no interest if even a dark light cynicism.  "yeah they aren't publishing that for a reason.". I realized.  They were damn good, but probably loaded with butter. Get a box of 12 for 20 and make someone super happy all day. We jetted off for facials with our taste buds singing in delight,Macaroons and other sweets also available.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/30/2012,10/30/2012,42,70,3,8,5>I think this place has been reviewed enough but seeing as how I'm so often in these days, I thought I'd better add my 2 cents.I had a rocky start with this place several years back but I'm definitely a fan these days.  It took some coaxing to come back but I'm glad I did.  I really enjoy stopping in and having a pint.  The place is pretty much a beer joint legend in Dallas and for good reason.  They know their beer.  Everyone who serves you a glass has their own particular favorites and are happy to provide suggestions should be be overwhelmed by their huge selection.They have some regular brews that stick around year long along with a healthy dose of seasonals and other rotators.  I should point out that you're not going to be able to buy a round of shots here-unless you're shooting beer or wine.  They don't have liquor.  It's strictly beer and wine.  Maybe that's why this place has a slightly more mellow vibe-especially for being just a stone's throw away from McKinney Ave.  Another thing I like is their sense of equality among their staff.  I really like that and I like supporting an establishment with that sensibility.  It's the 21st century after all but that's another conversation.So, along with the drink, they also have a simple food menu available should you find yourself wanting a bite.  What I've had has been quite good so I don't think you'd go wrong on any of their options.  They also have free WiFi and on an afternoon you'll likely spot someone working in a corner with their laptop or tablet.The place itself is in what must have been a beautiful huge home once.  In addition to the front porch and the bar just inside, there's an upstairs sitting area and a deck.  But wait beer lover, there's more!!  On a nice day, you've got to check out their beer garden out back.  Yes.  You're welcome.You know, we finally do have other places that offer some good beer options here in Dallas.  However, you really won't find anywhere quite like the Gingerman in attitude and in enjoyment.  I definitely recommend this spot to anyone wanting to learn or just enjoy a good brew.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,10/29/2012,386,130,3,7,5>Sushi is beguiling.My friends and I were in the infamous state of making a decision of "What do we eat?" We wanted something light and so sushi was demanded! My friend, Tino, recommended this place and the ambiance is nice with soft lighting with seating as benches with flat pillows. We ordered the Yaki Soba, Black Russian Roll, Cajun Roll, California Roll, and that's what I remember. Cajun tasted the best out of all of these and definitely the Yaki Soba. Quality of the food is great. No complaints here. The service was decent and timely. Finally, an auspicious Japanese man came out to greet us out. :o)
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,10/28/2012,127,217,2,10,3>There are basically two Korean restaurants in the area...and both of them happen to be on the exact same street within a couple blocks of each other.  Quite silly.   From my visits..Jin Mi is slightly better food than Da Won but Da Won slays Jin Mi on interior and ambiance.  If you're getting take out...go to Jin Mi.  If you're eating in...go to Da Won.The food here was great.  I recommend the kalbi ribs (beef short ribs) which are traditionally seasoned with scallions and onions underneath.  Jin Mi gives you a generous portion and comes with a side of rice.   The banchan items were pretty standard both in quantity and flavor...just what you'd expect for a Korean restaurant.  The dumplings are also pretty good.  I like that their menu has pictures of all the food for the idiot foreigners who don't know what they're ordering.The interior of this place is pretty lackluster.  An ancient TV playing Korean drama/variety shows and a bunch of lined up cheap tables and chairs.  It's located in a relatively abandoned/quiet strip mall and isn't a place that I would want to stay and eat ever.   You go up to the counter and order your meal.   The ladies behind the counter were nice enough and the food came out pretty quickly...didn't have to wait long.  They have canned sodas if you're so inclined.The price was a little higher than I would have expected given the look of the place.   Apparently they have cheap lunch specials but at dinner time the prices basically double.    Also to the reviewers who gave the place low star ratings because the workers complained that you didn't tip...please don't screw over waitresses.  Was it a little tacky to get a comment about it?  Sure.  But clearly you needed to be informed that you're supposed to tip even when you get take out.  You tip less than you do for dine-in but the waitresses still have to spend time away from their other tables taking your order, ringing you up, packaging your food,and boxing it up.  Don't you remember the individually wrapped half a dozen banchan you got in your togo box?   Tip your server or stay home and cook your own food.Food: 4/5Service: 3/5Ambiance: 2/5Value: 3/5
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,1.0,9/2/2012,10/27/2012,126,245,,6,2>Crap
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,10/26/2012,193,251,,6,2>Max's Wine Dive.... I dig it! Good atmosphere with classic rock playing overhead. The staff all were very excited to be open and very friendly. I would say they knew their menu really well. But of course they couldn't have had much of the food yet as the kitchen build out was completed very recently. I sampled nearly all the red wines that were available by the glass. None of them were very exciting. Average price / glass about about $10.25. The bartender tried to charge me for three glasses of wine when really I only committed to two of them. But I did sample over and over. It probably seemed like I had 3 for sure. Max's is a chain; I think they have three other locations. One of the really nice things they have is their standard Max's Classic Menu that's the same at all of their locations. But then each location has a chef specific menu. I really love this concept of having your local chefs inspired creations available. It completely mitigates any argument you could have against a chain restaurant. From the classic menu we had the Pork Stuffed Piquillo Peppers, and let me tell ya, they were awesome! The peppers weren't spicy by my standards but had a terrific flavor and the pulled pork stuffing was slightly sweet, tender and very well put together. With a little chipotle aioli drizzled on the plate they were well worth the $3 a pepper.But the surprise of the night was the Fried Chicken! MMMMMMMm Max's Famous Fried Chicken. I don't even like chicken on the bone, but this was a feast fit for a king. The chicken had awesome flavor, I paired it with a few slices of jalapeno and draped a little of their Chipotle honey dipping sauce on top and WOW delicious! The breading was perfect, slightly tangy peppery, not too thick not too thin, just right. Probably the best fried chicken I've ever had (Sorry Babe's). It came with collard greens on top of mashed potatoes. Personally I would have preferred my greens in a side dish with a little Louisiana sauce and a little bit of gravy for the slightly dry ordinary potatoes. But you can't have everything right? There isn't much in the way of choices for a vegetarian on the menu. So my veggie gf ended up with the Pumpkin Risotto. For $18 it had better have been something special, It was not. Quite frankly I'm surprised it made it to plate. It wasn't cooked properly (probably overcooked) and lacked unique flavor. Honestly it could have come from a box. But ya know growing pains, and it was their first night. Overall they did pretty well for their first night open to the public. I will certainly return for some Fried Chicken and peppers. But I'll probably skip the wine.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2012,10/25/2012,236,423,,6,4>I stopped in at Snug as soon as I got back from my vacation. They are a newly opened cafe in McKinney square, and they get a wholehearted recommendation from me. Decor: Eclectic and adorable. They have super cute quilted chairs in their front windows, but the cutesy patchwork theme is blended with hippy stuff. Colorful and mismatched. There's a little loft area with a couch that is so cozy, and the old school patterned wall and ceilings provide a great vintage backdrop. Food: This is no coffee shop that offers up a few pastries here or there. This place is a true cafe to sit and eat a meal, and their menu provides great, filling breakfast and lunch options. It's made fresh to order and my breakfast sandwich was SO GOOD. Coffee: Snug offers some unique suggested specialty drinks. Try the honey cinnamon latte, it's good and a little bit different. I haven't yet tried their black coffee, but in general, good stuff. Service: Great. The owner is sweet and attentive. This is now my favorite McKinney coffee shop!
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2012,10/24/2012,29,183,,27,7>It seems the ratings of this place vary depending on what is expected, so let's get all out in the open.This is a Hare Krishna temple with a restaurant attached, so respect that even if you disagree. If it bothers you or your faith, don't go.This isn't a commercial restaurant -- food is served to raise money for operating costs. Don't expect white tablecloths, special orders or toady staff to wait on you.This isn't typical Indian cuisine, nor is it militant meat-hating vegan. It is fresh and simple lacto-vegetarian food, avoiding meat, fish, eggs, onion or garlic as per their faith.The actual dining area is very small, only a few tables indoors but with a larger, beautifully manicured outdoor courtyard providing more space when the weather is agreeable. Buffet only (no menu) with an ink board describing each item, all clearly indicated for vegan/gluten/dairy. Just grab a tray and start, don't wait to be "seated."The selection may appear rather small(ish) compared to buffet lines at other places but, oh, what dishes they offer. The menu changes constantly according to what is available to the kitchen, as nothing used is frozen or canned. For my visit, we had yellow split pea soup, a couple of rice dishes, several potato dishes, mixed greens, curries, BBQ tofu (which isn't classic "barbecue sauce" but a nice attempt nonetheless), cornbread, poppadoms and a full salad bar with fresh cinnamon-raisin bread. Check the website for daily menus.The most surprising thing about the food is that even though it lacks animal flesh, it doesn't stand out as crunchy-green-grassy vegetarian. What is available would be deliciously different and satisfying even if placed unknown in front of you, and the absence of meat hardly registers. The quality of the ingredients and the preparation is such that it ranks not just the best vegetarian food I've had but among the best meals I've had of any type -- made even more impressive given the dietary and economic restrictions they live by.Prices are singular and fixed for both lunch and dinner, and include a drink and small pastry for dessert. A gift shop is included inside, and I assume the temple is open to all. Street parking only, and it is buried in a residential area. Hours can be restrictive so check before you go.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/23/2012,263,343,11,23,14>Swagat is the best Indian restaurant in the Metroplex. We started with the mixed veg pakora, which was perfect.  I normally don't like pakora because it's soggy and greasy.  This was crisp and not greasy at all.  The star of the appetizer round was the lobster ka khaja; basically stir-fried lobster served with Puri.  It was unlike anything I had ever had.  It was spicy with fried onions in masala; it was awesome.  The next course was a masala dosa with sambar.  They have the best dosa in Dallas.  It wasn't greasy at all and it had a great tang.  The potato masala was light and flavorful.  Next we had an Indo-Chinese course consisting of fried rice and chicken 65.  The fried rice was exactly like the fried rice you get in India.  Indian fried rice is a cross between Thai and Chinese fried rice.  The Chicken 65 was different than what I've normally come to expect from C65, but it was excellent.  Finally we had the mango kulfi.  If you're a fan, you'll love this because they make it in house.  They don't have a buffet, but they do a "Thali" platter, which is basically a buffet.  Trust me, you'll like it better.  They have an authentic clay over for tandoori and naan.  They're also BYOB and there's a liquor store next door.  If it weren't so far away, I'd probably order from them more often.
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,10/22/2012,462,279,6,11,8>I've never been to Tiff's, I've never eaten one of their cookies, I've never even seen the building.  So how in the world can I give them 5 stars?  They came to the rescue of a dear friend when I couldn't and turned her frowny face into a smiley face, that's how.Here's what you do:Step 1 - Go to their website and pick one of the gadozen mixtures of cookies, brownies, ice cream, and milk.  Throw in some balloons if you're feeling fancy.Step 2 - Send said package to someone who will soon view you as one of their favorite people.The website told me it would be about an hour and a half before my order would be delivered and I'll be damned if I didn't get a text about that long after placing my order that my box of sunshine and love had been delivered.Seriously, Tiff's is on time, affordable and (from what I hear) good eating.  Sure you could send flowers.  But unless they're edible, I'm betting cookies and milk will go a lot further down the Awww! road.
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2012,10/21/2012,321,198,2,8,5>A piece of ATX in the Big D, which is conveniently located across the street from Kung Fu Saloon, a bar actually from Austin.  Came here for brunch and cowboys fans were filling up the place.  Plenty of seating with two levels and 30 TVs located all around.  I ordered the PB&Banana french toast and it was awesome! If you like PB& bananas you must try this!  There are other menu items from buffalo chicken cheese dip to Asian flank steak sammies, flatbreads, quesadillas, wings and "skinny" drinks! Not to mention a mimosa bar served during brunch.  The place is real open and would be a great place to watch some football! The only complaint I had was our service was absolutely horrible! I know it is new and they probably need to get a system worked out but hopefully sooner rather than later.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,10/20/2012,266,298,,8,4>I've been to Union Bear twice now. Once on a Friday night to eat inside and once during the week day for lunch where we sat outside at the bar. I have kept it simple each time I have went. The first time I went I had the grilled cheese and tomato soup. The soup ranks in the top 5 best tomato soups of my life (maybe a little exaggerated), but the grilled cheese was average (see Cedar Social Club for the best grilled cheese). I had a $5 glass of the house red wine, but the best part was the soft serve ice cream with dark beer poured on top like a beer float. I was hesitant to try this because I am not a beer drinker espcially not dark beers, but it was a great desert. I sat downstairs in a very minimalist/stained concrete floor design.The next time I went for lunch and sat at the outdoor bar. My friend and I shared a pizza that was delicious. I was very surprised because it ranks as one of the better "gormet" pizzas in town...I liked the thin crust. \The outside is great for people watching and the inside is great for large groups. You can park in the West Village parking garage or the old Borders Books parking garage across the street. The crowd is your typical west village crowd that likes to stylishly step out and been seen.....not my crowd, but definitely a spot that will get my repeat business!
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2012,10/19/2012,256,159,2,8,3>I'm in the midst of a food coma after dining here, and what better way to expend my half-awake energy than yelping about it!The free bird (chicken breast) burger is very satisfying, what with the delicious drunken mushrooms and a THICK but tender piece of chicken. I emphasize the thick because I was full after half a burger ... it didn't help that I kept munching on the sweet potato fries on the side. My friend's Chrisholm burger looked simple but was also solid (on a gluten-free bun). The chocolate tartlet dessert is a small portion but very rich in dark chocolate, yet not too sweet. Can't believe it's gluten-free AND vegan.Our waitress was superb in every way - haven't experienced such great service since dining at a fancy restaurant. Overall, a picture-perfect evening on the lovely patio: the bustling Greenville Ave., the people-watching, the groovy music, and of course, the sunset.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,10/18/2012,197,107,6,17,9>I found my tattoo artist for life.For Christmas, my husband surprised me with a tattoo consultation with Viet. He has done some black ink pieces on my husband, and I loved how they turned out. My husband gets lots of compliments at the gym and he always refers them to Blink.I've been wanting a back piece for awhile and had an idea of what I wanted. I just couldn't visualize how it would all flow together and how my current tattoo would be incorporated. Viet used his creative ingenuity and came up with an amazing piece where everything came together beautifully. Four sessions and 20+ hours later, my tattoo is nearly complete and I am absolutely in love with it.Viet does a wonderful job making you feel comfortable. He has a great personality and it feels like you've known him for years. His shop is unlike any other tattoo shop I've been to. They don't do piercings here, no tattoos on the wall to select from. All of Viet's work is custom made. Think of his shop as more of a loft, decorated very modern with an urban flare. Very clean. The tattoo chairs are in the living area so you can watch movies.  My husband went with me most of the time. I think he was really there to get some movie watching time in!It's by appointment only so you don't have customers walking in and out of the shop while you're getting your ink done. Love the privacy. If you are shopping around for a tattoo shop, stop looking and check this place out! I recommend him to everyone...I'm even taking my dad here to get his first tattoo done.
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,10/17/2012,549,363,11,10,10>I love this place. As far as sandwich places go, it's my favorite sandwich place, so it's getting 5 stars.I know a wise ol' woman who knows the best of nearly every thing. She brought me here for lunch one day and all my sammich dreams came true.These sammiches are fan-fucking-tastic. Seriously. If you haven't been, you're missing out. Don't say I dint warn you when you go and start having cravings at 9am for a sammich.First time I had the Roast Beef Sammich (Slow-cooked in-house, thinly sliced topped with melty Provolone Cheese and served with Au Jus. $6.29). it's not super cheap but it's a big ass sammich and you'll be full if you eat the whole thing. Second visit was the Smokin' Turkey (Applewood-smoked Bacon, Roasted Garlic Mayo, Lettuce, Tomato on Grilled Sourdough. $6.59). Dude, check out my food porn photo. This sammich was beeee-autiful. And tasty too!Their fries are fresh cut and really nicely fried. Reminds me of a restaurant I worked at all though high school and college. Mem'riiiiez!! So if you're willing to shell out the extra $1.79 for 'em, I'd suggest them too. *nod*Go! NOW. :)
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,10/16/2012,180,156,13,20,14>I thought the day would never come but WE FINALLY HAVE LEGITIMATE HOTPOT IN DALLAS!!! (high-fives all around)I literally screamed when I saw that it had opened and went the first chance I got.I went three days after their public opening in Dallas and it was already packed.The minute you walk in you can smell the soup. Smells like delicious, addictive crack. Only it's not crack, it's soup, meat and veggies-- obviously.Oh, the best part for hotpot addicts?? THEY OFFER AN OPTIONAL ALL YOU CAN EAT MENU for $19.99. Holy haberdashery, Batman-- who would say no!?!?!It's a chain, I've been to the other locations in Houston, Shanghai, and Hong Kong and this location is just as awesome.For those who have no idea what this is-- you order a broth that is cooked on the table for everybody to cook their meats/veggies. You can choose from regular broth, spicy, or combo.  Choose meat if you want (I recommend lamb and beef), seafood, tofu, veggies and just cook!It's the absolute best form of interactive eating.Wear clothes you don't mind getting stinky from all the cooking!
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2012,10/15/2012,28,56,3,9,7>Full disclosure, I was totally skeptical about the rave reviews for this place. It's in a little strip mall and it doesn't look very impressive from the outside. On the inside it's very modern and clean - I sort of want to steal the lighting fixtures for myself! I was very picky when ordering since I'm on a low carb diet - obnoxious, I know. I didn't really want a salad, so I asked if they could do pad kee mow - a noodle dish - without the noodles and instead add extra vegetables. The waiter was so nice and said that he would ask the chef and was sure she could come up with something. I did not have high hopes, but figured I would give it a shot. They brought it out and it had great flavor, no noodles...but I realized I forgot to tell him I wanted chicken too! No problem, they brought the chicken out separately and didn't even charge me for it. Everything was delicious, water glasses were NEVER empty, and I just had a great experience. And the other reviews are true - the owner/chef came out and checked with us to make sure everything was great. I will definitely be back - with a bottle of wine, since this place is BYOB!!
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2012,10/14/2012,608,438,10,12,12>This place serves authentic Chinese food and it's among the best I've had in DFW.  My favorite dishes here are the Siu Long Bao (they call them Juicy Steamed Dumplings) and Green Onion Pancakes, which I think are far ahead of the competition in this area.  The buns are perfectly sized with a decent amount of soup.  It goes excellently with the vinegar sauce that's mixed with julienne ginger.  The green onion pancakes are a little different that the ones I'm normally used to as they are extremely thick (it almost had the same consistency as ciabatta bread) but the aroma and flavor were still all there.  They are extra crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside..just the way I like it!  I almost want to say that I like this variation of the famous Taiwanese dish better than the traditional way of preparing it thin.  You may also want to give the Ma Po Tofu a shot.  The tofu is soft and the ratio with the minced pork is right on.  Overall, you're going to get a great bang for your buck here.  Lunchtime on the weekends are crazy and you're probably going to find yourself waiting if you don't get there before 12pm.  Also, this place is BYOB but they will charge 50 cents per glass.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,10/13/2012,895,667,3,10,5>On my second visit to this place it was a Saturday night.  Early.  Apparently you need a reservation to even be acknowledged.  But I was able to order drinks at the bar for me and my friends.  It took forever, but the bartender was working her ass off, and she apologized for the delay.  I have to say the old fashioned that I ordered was one of the best drinks I've put in my mouth.  We only stayed for the one drink because sitting on the fire pit and waiting on a table was getting old, and we were hungry.  I still love this place, though.  I'll just remember to make reservations next time.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,10/12/2012,1812,527,8,12,9>Imagine a place where you are not a restaurant check, but a friend.  Imagine being greeted  with a handshake and name introduction upon entering the door.  Imagine the General Manager introducing himself and asking what your name is.  Imagine walking in after the kitchen is closed (not knowing because I don't make a habit of that) and the manager stating well we did close up for the night but your here and we want to take care of you let me send out a server.I was convinced customer service like this kinda faded "imagine that" after my evening here I was wrong.  I was totally impressed with the above the normal service.  Best place to relax over live music, food, drinks, and friends.  Straddling that line between after work pub and thoughtfully accessible intimate lounge isn't easy, but the Lemon bar does it so nimbly.  The pleasingly atmosphere makes it simple to kick back and relax and have a good time,  Bar staff is on it, ping pong and pool table in the back, pleasantly looking and behaving crowd this bar is "da shizzle"Hello Frisco I will def be back,  I must forewarn you I get ridiculous crazy fun so be ready
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2012,10/11/2012,372,222,11,22,13>Food - 4/5Service - 5/5Price - 4/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: Super Secret Dipping SauceThe service and friendliness at Empa Mundo is second to none. They are really informative -- they love to explain the cooking process and how they prepare the food. Their secret sauce is created from years of being in the food service and living in all corners of the world. I believe its a combination of Argentinian, Thai, and other cultures. Definitely a must have.The actual empanadas themselves are very tasty. They have created a system that gives the empanadas a very consistent feel -- crispiness, size, flavor, etc. This means there is no such thing as going on a "bad day," it's just always solid. A great little restaurant on the west side of Belt Line.FYI: They also offer free wi-fi.
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,10/10/2012,477,163,,5,3>I decided to try out the whole rock climbing thing. Once I got there I was extremely nervous. We were greeted and had to do some paperwork. They do provide you with shoes and they have water. The instructor was super nice. He put me ease and explained everything. We were set up in our harnesses which are not comfortable for anyone.  We were explained both roles lead climber and a belayer. The belayer has multiple roles: holding the rope in the event of a fall, and paying out or taking up rope as the climber moves. We were allowed to practice both roles until we felt comfortable. Next we got to go in the rooms which have about 6 obstacles from east to hard number 23 was the easiest in my opinion. They also have outdoor climbing which I wasn't ready for. One thing to know is that this place doesn't have air conditioning.  I was extremely sore for two days so be prepared for that. I would recommend going in groups of 2-4 people so you can get the help and attention you need.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,10/9/2012,199,332,2,5,6>It's funny that I was just thinking about all of the wonderful shows that I have seen performed as part of the Dallas Viva Burlesque series and there was only one that I did not care for and that happens to be the one that Brett S. reviewed. HOWEVER, I have been a regular customer for over a year and almost always feel that I get my money's worth Fridays at the Lakewood (OK, that night with the Corpus girls was a huge aberration)The shows feature more than just plain burlesque. I know that for some the idea of women taking off their clothes is merely all it takes to elicit a smile but Viva Dallas creates really has some inventive theme nights. Each month is something different. I just attended the Fairy Tales show and it was really inventive. I can't wait for the next Cirque themed one with the hilarious Violet O'Hara as host.  In other words, Viva gives you variety and laughs with your pasties.If you are looking to liven up your Friday nights, grab a sexy loved one and head to the Lakewood. Sit in a beautiful old theater, sip a well-mixed cocktail and be prepared to hoot and holler along with some of Texas' top talent, all for a reasonable price. It will certainly spice up those old routine date nights!
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/8/2012,40,253,,7,3>Saturday late lunch the place was empty.  We hesitated at the door but took a deep breath and went in and am so glad we did.  During our meal the place began to fill up and it must have been the odd hour we came by that the place was empty.Daughter got the quesadillas and loved them.  Filled with chicken with pico, guacamole and sour cream on the side.  She couldn't finish them it was such a huge plate.Husband got the chili relleno and loved it.  Fresh made with Mexican cheese, he passed on the meat options.  Refried beans with rice and corn tortillas on the side.  He finished every bite and then eyed is my chicken.  I gave him the thigh and he was still eying my plate so I let him have the leg too!I started with half a chicken but as you just read I ended up with a white quarter.  I don't care for Mexican rice, just me, so I asked for just refried beans and corn tortillas.  OM-Gosh it was good.  Being from California I so miss El Pollo Loco, but even though this is rotisserie chicken and not grilled it has great flavor, oh the skin, and moist.  You have got to get the chicken!
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,10/6/2012,45,146,4,8,2>I begged hubby to go but he "couldn't be bothered" to drive 20 minutes to a hole in the wall.  I don't understand what is wrong with him...So I bribed my poor college brother with free lunch and he went with me instead =)I was so excited when we pulled up Sunday at 3pm and it was not busy.  I think it was due to the rain but that was awesome because no fighting for a parking space!  We headed in and I tried not to go crazy and order everything on the menu- slight failure on my part there.  We had 3 rolls, 2 miso and 2 boba teas there and I bought 4 donburi bowls, 1 large piece of tuna sashimi and 1 large piece of salmon sashimi to go.  All those goodies for about $60!!!  The food was very fresh and  was quite tasty.  I cut up sashimi for hubby later that night and he said it was VERY fresh.  I LOVE this place!!!  While we waited, we browsed around the store.  They had cool little trinkets, plates, sauces, and Hawaiian drinks.  We checked out upstairs which was more spacious than I thought.  I thought the place was extremely clean and did NOT smell.  If I lived closer I would visit often.  What a gem! All these years I've driven past it and never knew what I was missing.   Thanks Yelp!
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2012,10/5/2012,320,143,7,5,7>Fun classic throwback old timey escape in the smog sh!tshow o' Dallas!?Oh yes, hell yes. Sign scolds you only get one trip to the SALAD BAR.Classic beets, carrots, cottage cheese, 1000 Island make great meal alone.Pressure was on; I only had one shot to get it right. Although I cannot imagine the best server man of all time (I'd like to call him Larry) get all worked up if you doubled back to salad bar. Larry washed away all the worries of my life with his bounding quick step, gentle gestures, and therapeutic care. Larry cared his sweet self off as he quickly offered me a soup sample answering my menu fantasy pondering.  After discovering the house ran dry of Malbec, the barkeep came apologizing all the way back from the sexy old school Parlor Room like he just ran over our dog or something.  Larry saved us with the next best $6 house glass of wine perfectly poured to the brim. Larry's got style, he's got grace....he's a winner. Calf liver and onions oh my succulent special. Broiled catfish o' large size and taste. Craving steak with a side of chicken or fish?! Great options all for a grand value. Vibe could not be improved (well maybe only if Dean or Elvis were singing) from the therapeutic lighting, grand ole' booths, old timey decor and PA system.
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,10/4/2012,0,566,6,10,4>"Weah going to puhmp you ahhhp!"- Arnold Schwarzenegger My wife and I bought a LivingSocial for eight weeks of bootcamp and two personal training sessions here. The goal? To get pumped like Arnold. Not really, but we're five weeks into it and actually loving it.First of all, to avoid confusion, the focus here is weight circuit training. They do have cardio equipment (treadmills, ellipticals, etc.) and free weights, but the goal is to turn fat into slim muscle through "bootcamp."They have a pretty unique setup, in that your workout really is private. You do three rounds on one machine in a small room with two doors (entry and exit), keep going on the third round until you hear the recording of a guy shouting "Go! Go! Go!" then move on to the next machine in the adjacent room. Three rounds on that machine, then on to the next room. Repeat. Repeat. And repeat until you're done (I think there are around 12 rooms or so).The whole thing is designed very efficiently and they hit all your muscle groups. You are WHOOPED by the end of it (if you really brought it), but it goes by so fast. The whole time, you're writing down your reps on their sheet they give you and learn what to increase the next time you're there.The staff is friendly and get to know you after just a couple visits. They explain the machines pretty well, too. There are also showers, lockers and a big TV.So overall, unless you're really trying to bulk up, I strongly recommend them if you're looking for a different workout routine or enjoy privacy when working out (I know I do). My wife has lost weight and I can definitely see more definition in my muscles."I'll be back."
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2012,10/3/2012,166,221,2,7,5>Cool Location in the Deep Ellum District. it used to be the Sols Taco Lounge that struggled for years but is now a Cajun Joint. I dropped by here right after lunch and it was pretty empty so i just went to the bar and chatted with the Bartender Jay, While i placed my order. I had a couple of Draft Beers and decided to try the Boudin Balls since i wasn't mega hungry and had a side of Red Beans and Rice to go with it.The Food came in an appropriate time and was very well prepared while i watched highlights of ESPN on the Flatscreen. The Music playing was some Blues Music courtesy of Pandora and was a nice mix. They have a Band playing Nightly which i hear is pretty good and the crowd picks up in the Evening. Since its a laid back joint , I plan on coming back to try out a few more menu items and just hang out like its one of the local neighborhood joints.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2012,10/2/2012,203,202,8,13,6>First off, let me preface this review by telling you why my certified opinion is one worth reading. :) I am a true, born and raised southern gal. No, not "Dallas" south or even "Texas" south for that matter. I'm talking a fried okra lovin', plantation decoratin', grease cookin', butter slatherin', hair teasin', Sweet Home Alabama livin', DEEP south country gal. I come from a place where lima beans are actually butter beans and Crisco is the answer to all of life's problems. Am I proud of my southern roots? Yes. And do I know real southern food when I taste it? That would be a heck yes. And let me tell you, Celebration is ABSOLUTE. GREATNESS.Want to go eat at grandma's house without actually driving to grandma's house? Come to Celebration. Is it a pretentious, trendy place with an expensive menu? No. But is it delicious, made-from-scratch soul food at an awesome price? Absolutely, and it is probably the best kind of soul food you will find in Dallas.They start you out with hot blueberry muffins, yeast rolls and delicious, melt-in-your-mouth cornbread. Will you already be in love with this place before they bring out your entree? Oh yes. You order three all-you-can-eat family style vegetables (and even if they don't list fried okra on the menu, they ALWAYS have it...just ask), a soup or salad and then your choice of an entree. And the best part about it is that you can order a second entree of equal or lesser value at no additional cost. Hold up, really? Yes... REALLY. We ordered the fried okra, mashed potatoes, beans, Chicken Fried Steak (it was heavenly!) and Fried Catfish. So in other words, when you come to Celebration, get ready to SERIOUSLY eat. Get ready to eat so much that you want to roll over and take a nap on the floor afterwards. And for the health food junkies who don't want to go all out, they have some delicious-sounding salads as well as lighter dishes available. But who wants to take that route at Celebration when you have butter and gravy staring you square in the face? Not me.To finish off your meal, they have some delicious homemade desserts, and we tried the Peach Cobbler with vanilla ice cream. Mmmm mmmm mmmmm! It was so very tasty. Aside from the food, the atmosphere is very cozy and the waiters are extremely friendly. Trust me when I say... Come here. You will most certainly fall in love with Celebration, and your soul will be singing food praises to the sky!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2012,10/1/2012,53,162,4,2,4>This is a really fun concept.  I'm sure my end product would have been better if I had followed directions, but I had a vision!  I would say this, carefully choose the time you want to attend based on the painting offered that night, or you might end up painting something random like a bottle of chianti or a puppy or something.  Instruction was good, however I felt the pace for the first half of the painting lagged, and then we rushed the second half.  I was really hoping for something like the old Bob Ross shows, with an afroed instructor speaking in hushed tones and telling us to let our brushes hop across the canvas like a bunny...but I guess that would be lost on anyone without that particular frame of reference.Even though it wasn't Bob Ross, and my end product was pretty close to a disaster, I would definitely do it again.  Next time I want to paint the birch trees.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,9/30/2012,526,371,,7,5>Warm decor. French charm. Wine bottles to the ceiling. And.....Charcuterie? What the heck? What a fancy French word. Or could also sound really country with a heavy Southern accent. Either way, upon visiting Boulevardier on the preview opening night, I experienced Charcuterie for the first time. For those who are Charcuterie virgins like I was, the term essentially refers to prepared meats such as pate and confit.  We ordered the pork pate with pork, bacon, and pistachios. It was all new to me with an interesting texture, but good taste. I also started with a champagne cocktail, La Vie En Rose which was simple and sweet. For entrees, we were all on an adventure so we shared and sampled the night away. I ordered the divine Croque Monsieur although I didn't "Make it a Lady" by adding an egg. The Croque Monsiuer was oozing with cheese, cheese, and more cheese. Oh yea and some ham and bread. I savored each bite and all it's richness. I also sampled the roasted chicken and a couple of the small plates. The names escape me but that's probably because I was on cloud nine with every bite. We finished the night with the Dark Chocolate Tart which honestly was very low on presentation but five star on taste. Every bite of chocolate, soft crust, and hazelnut was delectable. Before this, I'd had very little experience with French cuisine. Unless you count La Madeline. (This ain't Addison, y'all) I was beyond impressed with just about everything. Our waitress was new and it was their first night so I was planning to be patient. However, we were not left disappointed one bit. Boulevardier is definitely one of the best new restaurants in Bishop Arts and in Dallas. Top notch food, drinks, and service. Plus, you don't have to pay a huge premium to get it. The prices are reasonable and approachable. I'm sold on this one, y'all. You will be too!
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/29/2012,101,58,29,17,9>Ultimate spa experience.  Now without the John Travolta sexual assault risks!This place is straight up amazing.  To me, this is everything that King Sauna is times 4.  It literally feels like you've gone on vacation and left Dallas.I didn't experience any of the problems that the negative reviewers of this place had.  I saw one negative review, and I'm assuming the person misunderstood what this place is about.  It's not a Spa just for you to get a facial/mani/pedi, while those are available, it's basically a giant ass sauna.  If all you want is to get your nails done, then this not the place.This place makes King Sauna look like a Mom and Pop shop.  There's just too many amenities here to even compare the two.  It really reminded me of a Vegas hotel.  Outdoor pool, poolside bar, swanky full bar on the top floor, restaurants... it's truly just a really awesome experience.To me, the only caveat is the price, but you get what you pay for....  Also, the inordinate amount of penis in the locker room... I could also do without that... so in summary: pretty cool place; cheaper price and less penis would be appreciated....
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,9/28/2012,34,36,11,14,9>I'm timid to write about this place because it is unsullied. UNSULLIED I TELL YOU!This is the real deal, the best Carniceria, the best Taqueria, the best authentic Mexican market ever!Homemade everything, expertly cooked everything, super fresh authentic everything. The tacos here are so damn ridiculously good, they are like nothing Ive ever had and everything Ive always wanted. Every taco item is on display and every offering is stunningly beautiful, like tear inducingly so. Ive had almost all of them (except for chicharron, me no gusta chicharron...anywhere) and they are all the best, ever. They have this spicy green chile pork that has been stewing in this tomatillo sauce, omg, kill me now, I will die a happy man.Barbacoa = real cheek meat, deliciously beefy, juicy, melt in your mouth tender. When put on the fresh that day flour tortilla, it turns into a brisket tacos milf. Pastor is fire engine red with that coma inducing pineapple, papaya, allspicey goodnessrice and beans are not to be discounted either, beans are super creamy and have bits of unsmoked bacon in them ( yes, yes, lard), eff you taco cabana with your smokey beansLets not forget getting some tablitas de res marinadas ( shaved marinated beef short ribs), throwing them in my smoker for 2 hours, making a horseradish crema, crushing some modelos and then feasting on some of the best meat known to man. no homoEveryone I have interacted with at this place has been super helpful and exceedingly niceI could go on for hours, this place is my mecca, my holy grail of all things real and true when looking for the authentic. It has taken me this long to even yelp about because I am afraid of creating a mustachioed, plaid wearing, gringo influx. I will die before I let this happen. If I see anything but 5 stars for this place, I swear to the taco gods I will hunt you down.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,9/27/2012,160,285,4,7,4>Recommend.  Recommend.  RECOMMEND!!!I had the fortune of being treated to a free meal here.  Basically an "order anything you want" schmorgisborg.  Appetizers:Grilled Artichole a la Fonduta- I did not know how to eat full artichokes before this.  So I was eating the wholes leaves until I noticed everyone was eating half of the leaf then disposing of the coarse part...yea...I'm not too classy.  These were good, though.  Tasted like it was grilled with olive oil and salt.  Dipped in a cream sauce.Braised Lamb "Tartines"- HOLY !#$% BOMBS BATMAN!  These were incredibly delicious.  You HAVE to try these.  I can't describe it.  Just get them if you go here.  THIS ONE.  IF YOU ARE SKIMMING THIS REVIEW, REMEMBER TO GET THESE!!!Cheese & Charcutarie plateWe had the chef choose our 5 choicesEverything the chef chose was great, but the standout was the "House boursin."  Wow!  Creamy and delicious.  Garlicy, tasty, perfecty.  Morey, pleasey.Entrees:Roasted Lamb Denver Ribs- GoodPork Tenderloin special of the day- This is the moistest piece of pork tenderloin I ever had in my life.  Delicious, nicely seasoned, served with a bacon, risotto concoction that was DDAAAMMNNN!!!  Probably the best piece of pork I ever had until...Chili Butter "Prime" Porkchop- Hold on while I salivate for a few seconds....WOW!  BEST PIECE OF PORK I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE.  MY F-ING LIFE.  I THOUGHT THE PLATE BEFORE THIS WAS GOOD.  Do yourself a favor...order this porkchop.  Do yourself a favor, order one to go while you are eating.  Wow.  I can't recommend this more than what I am recommending it right now.  WOW.Dessert:Housemade Icecreams (almond, coconut, chocolate):- All great ice creams.  I will go with almond tasting the best.  "Banana Split"- Winner of the dessert challenge right here.  Tastes like a banana split.  The marshmellows did IT to this dish.  BAM!  wow.  BAM!Summary:  BAM!  DO IT!  GO HERE!  SIT ON THE PATIO!  DO IT!  BAM!
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2012,9/26/2012,99,205,,8,4>Having lived in Germany and Austria, this is my idea of comfort food.  I gravitate to Jorg's more than Bavarian Grill, because it's not quite as kitschy and the food is higher quality.I've been trying to introduce my boyfriend to Austrian cuisine (very similar to German. From my own observations, I think Austrian cuisine has more sauces and Eastern influences, such as goulash.  Also, the Austrians love their coffee and this is very apparent in Jorg's).  We tried a few months ago at night, but the wait was like an hour and we went elsewhere.  So we decided to try again today and went for lunch and had no problem getting a table.It's been so long since I've had good Austrian food, I decided to try a little of a lot of things.  We got the pretzel bowl for an appetizer, which was amazing.  The pretzels were so light and perfect with the spicy mustard.  I also tried the goulash soup, which was tasty.  For dinner, I had the original Wienerschnitzel, with my boyfriend trying a schnitzel with a creme sauce.  I loved my red cabbage, though it was a little blander than I'm used to.  My boyfriend's came with spaetzel, which I tried and was very light and authentic.  For dessert I got the strudel that was served with tradition creme sauce and my boyfriend had the Sacher Torte.  Both were excellent.I accidentally slipped into speaking German to the waiter at the end of the meal.  Which just proves how authentic this place really is.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2012,9/25/2012,234,122,4,7,4>Amazing! I had a stellar dining experience. I did not have a reservation but thought I might be able to squeeze in for a dinner at the bar with a friend. The hostess was sweet and accommodating and sat us at a table that had a reservation 1.5 hours later. I promised to be finished by then. Oak was packed and it was a Monday night. I just had to see what all the hype was about. The decor is elegant and inviting. The Oak theme is also an interesting touch. I loved the look and feel of this place. The clientele seemed mostly business and older couples, which I prefer over the Uptown posers. Ok, the important stuff- the food and drink.I ordered a Lolita. Cucumber and Gin on a hot summer day. Refreshing! I had the foie gras appetizer. It melted like rich butter in my mouth. For my main course, Veal Schnitzel. It reminded me of dishes I've eaten in Poland and Stockholm. The entire menu whispers Eastern Europe and the Old World. My friend had the pheasant. It was roasted to perfection. We shared the creme brûlée and the chocolate panna cotta along with ports and expresso. We practically licked our plates clean! The server was great, too. I didn't get his name, but he took proper care of us. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2012,9/24/2012,608,886,3,6,4>Right when you walk in you smell this delicious aroma of bbq...not too overpowering, just enough.  We wanted to get something to go just to try since this was our first time.  You go straight to the back to order and they got the meats cooking there.  They have a fridge of their salads and other stuff all ready and packed to take home.  We got a half pound of brisket and a smoked chicken salad, and it came with some bread and we picked up some bbq sauce to bring home.  The brisket was delicious and it didn't even need bbq sauce, but I still added some on since I was making myself a sandwich.  The smoked chicken salad was really good too!  Had great flavor and the chicken (thankfully) was not dry.When we were waiting for our order, a lady came up to the counter with her incomplete/bitten up pieces of sausages, complaining that they were too greasy and the kids didn't like it.  She was going on and on, being rude and she wanted to switch her sausage out for brisket.  Lame!!!  Sausages are always on the more greasy side, duh. The guy was nice enough to trade it out for her without saying anything back to her...very classy...make the customer happy even if she's a pain in the butt!
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2012,9/23/2012,207,244,5,16,5>When you think of a spa, you expect to wear a towel bathrobe with fuzzy slippers, sipping some organic tea and you'll be led to a quiet room to get a massage.  Well, think again.  For the first-timers it's definitely a unique and breathtaking experience to have.  For me, I had a similar experience when I was in Hokkaido, Japan where it's known as hot springs and public baths heaven.  So for me, it's nice to know that there is a place out here in the Dallas area that can give me the experience I had in Japan.The entrance with the giraffes was something else. There are locker rooms separate locker rooms for the guys and the ladies, a dining room, a TV room with huge brown leather chairs that you can take a nap in, lounge room, theatre room, massage rooms, and there were several hot rooms each have different scent and one cold room if you need to cool off.  I felt that I could practically live there since they open 24 hours. Lol.  They assign you a locker number, when I was there I only paid $20, but typically it's about $27.  The no-shoes (except slippers) allowed was no surprise.  The public bathhouse in the locker room is definitely one of my favorites, when I was in Japan I always felt rejuvenated after soaking myself.  You have to clean yourself first with soap and shampoo before you dip into the pool and yes you have to get naked to get in the pools and steam room.   Each pool has a different temperature, the coldest one was about 65 F, which I couldn't get myself to merge into because it was too cold for me. Lol.  In the public bath, there is a half -wall for a massage area.They also give you lounge in clothes to wear for the spa as there are some sweating involved.  The saunas or I'd like to call them "hot rooms" are not like any typical saunas.  The different scent of each room is what makes it distinctive.  As I sat in one of the rooms for just 5 minutes, I felt that I'm sweating out all the impurities out of my system as they sweat was oozing out of my pores. Lol.  One hot room I went in, I felt that I was being grilled like a bugolgi.  Lol.  This is definitely a must-do for a whole day and I'll definitely come back again.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2012,9/22/2012,65,99,7,5,4>I have been to Chitos several times since hearing about it from a friend.  I drove by several times on Sunday after Church but it is always closed on Sundays.Here are the things I love about Chitos1) $1.00 tacos, and they are GOOD, the style loaded with onions, lime, and cilantro that I love. Get the Steak,and Al Pastor... they are both DELICIOUS.  I did not personally like the chicken, and the Barbacoa was very "wet" but overall not bad.  Don't be a weirdo, get the steak. 2) Good Guacamole.  I always think Mexican cuisine should be defined by how good their Guac is.  My standard is set by On The Border Live Guac, which is excellent.  And Chitos is right up there with it at a fraction of the price.3) Their chips and salsa that come complimentary is delicious, warm fresh chips and great salsa. Not something they typically offer at a $1.00 taco joint.4) TAMALES!!! While the Tamales come must be ordered 12 at a time, they have a great home made feel to them, and taste very good.  Just get ready to hunker down and beast a ton of Tamales if you order.
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,9/21/2012,334,106,,6,5>I came here for the very first time on a Friday night. It was extremely busy, as expected. I wanted to sit outside to enjoy the breezy, summer evening weather, but unfortunately, it was crowded. Luckily, my friend and I found the one and only seat available in the house. Bingo!For my drink I got the pomegranate martini. One word: DEEELISH! This pomegranate martini was not as strong as many others I have tried at other restaurants -- that's supposed to be a good thing mainly because my palette is on the soft side. It was sweet and fruity. Just perfect. Ordering the food was a tad bit confusing overall, especially since I was new here and I ordered the veggie burger - it's not even listed on the menu, so I had to ask if they had it. Anyway, I was asked for whatever topping I wanted on my burger. What's great is that you can put as many toppings as you want and there were so many to choose from! The only catch regarding the toppings is that there's a $1 up-charge for avocado and bacon, each - no big deal, by the way - same story may go at other places, too. I got the sautéed onions, mushrooms and mixed greens to name a few of my toppings. Man, I know I'm going to love a place if you have the option to have mushroom toppings on a burger! There were also a multitude of dressings that were unfamiliar to me to choose from. I had the artichoke aioli dressing on my burger because the name of it sounded delicious. And was it? Yes, it sure was! I also got the side of sweet potato fries, not only because it's a healthier option as opposed to regular fries, but it tastes better, too. And did Village Burger Bar's sweet potato fries win the heart of my taste buds? Yes, it sure did!      That's what makes this place great: The customization of many different patties, toppings and dressings. I would assume there are like 8934723472389 different combinations of different kinds of burgers they offer. They also have salads on their menu, which I overlooked, but will be sure to try them next time I come in. I ate every little ounce of my meal, but don't regret gaining a few calories because as far as the food quality and tasting goes, it is most definitely worth it!
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2012,9/20/2012,1025,261,7,5,5>"At Laaaaaast" (Etta James voice)Finally, I have found a place on this side of DFW for Pho!I've been procrastinating to find a good spot close to home, only settling for pho whenever I head over to work on the Ft. Worth side of the metroplex (Miss Saigon in Hurst is my spot!). Well at last, I have found Pho is for Lovers!It's in a inconspicuous spot tucked away in a strip mall on Greenville. When we went in, there were only about 4 people there (it was about 3pm). The place is kind of small, so I can imagine there may be a battle for seats during the lunch rush. The menu is exactly how I like it....simple and small!I ordered the vegetable pho option with tofu, along with the tofu spring rolls. The bowl was your standard size pho bowl...big. The vegetable broth was good, and the veggies that were in the soup were fresh! Everything that I would expect in a nice bowl of noodle soup, I got! Excellent! The spring rolls were fresh (tofu, noodles, basil, check, check, check), and the dipping sauce was right on point as well. Top that off with the staff being  very nice and attentive, and PIFL is a winner with me.I'm so happy that I've found Pho is for Lovers!"At laaaaaast my loooove has come along!!!!!"
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,9/19/2012,275,242,,10,1>I do not give five stars lightly. This restaurant definitely deserves it. The food is top notch, the service impeccable, prices reasonable and the atmosphere is bar none. I've been back twice in two weeks so now I am considered a regular. Both times, we had Thomas as our server. He is very likable and very accommodating. Made sure we had everything we needed and wasn't overbearing. So I am not sure what the complaints from other Yelpers about lack of service was about here. There were two other servers here last night when I went and they too seemed very attentive. I didn't get their names though. My first visit was on a Saturday afternoon. I went with my husband and we had tried the ahi tuna salad and the mahi mahi with a dozen oysters for an appetizer. The oysters were plump and juicy and they were huge! We loved both of our entrees. The viniagrette on the salad was great and they cooked the tuna to perfection. My husband likes it lightly seared so that it is still very red on the inside. My blackened mahi mahi came with a side of rice and steamed veggies. Everything was delicious. The rice was awesome and very flavorful. My second visit was on a Thursday evening with some family. There were eight of us. Our experience was great and everything we ordered came out quickly and didn't lack flavor one bit. I wanted to order everything on the menu but the portions are so big that we had to take left overs home. This time we ordered, two dozen oysters, 6 hot wings, a bowl of the gumbo, #6 platter, calamari, the fish and shrimp tacos and the mahi mahi. The kids, our most picky eaters, loved everything. The hot wings were not spicy at all and had a lemony taste to them. It was delicious but I expected them to have some spice. All the fried items had a great amount of seasoning and was wonderfully hot and crispy. The tacos definitely were large so I ordered just two but my uncle ordered three. We were able to split our orders to try out both the fish and the shrimp tacos. They came packed with lots of very crunchy cabbage, pico and a nice aioli drizzled on top. The tacos also came with a side of cole slaw and salsa. I did not really eat the side items since the tacos were so big. I just drizzled so sriracha on my tacos and I was in heaven. Everything had so much flavor that you really did not need all the side sauces and seasonings. I am a fan! I will be sure to be back and try more items on the menu. I see they have happy hour all day Monday and Tuesday and from 3-7 Monday through Friday. This is a great chance for me to try smaller portions at lower prices! Oh, tip = don't forget to check in with Yelp on your phone to get a free non-alcoholic drink with entree. The strawberry lemonade is so good.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/28/2012,9/18/2012,57,857,,11,4>I have lived in Dallas for 20 years and never even knew that there was a little Korea at Royal and Harry Hines. Then again, I don't find myself at or near Harry Hines that often. So, this restaurant is a real find for me. We went for dinner on a Friday and thought it was an outstanding experience. The food was excellent and the service was absolutely topnotch. Plus, if you order two meats you can do the BBQ at your table, which is lots of fun. We ordered the beef bulgogi and spicy chicken. The bulgogi was perfect, very flavorful and the beef was very good quality. The chicken was SPICY but really tasty. With rice and/or lettuce the spice was not that bad. There were only two of us but this could be fun for a group of people. We ordered two meats which was too much for two people. Next time we would get one meat; with all the sides it is more than enough. The sides, by the way, are also excellent. You can get one meat, one drink each and be out for $30-35, which is outstanding considering the high quality of food you get. There was absolutely nothing that I did not like. I can't wait to return!
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,9/17/2012,165,290,3,7,5>Tei-An is hands down, the best place to get Japanese ramen in Dallas (and maybe even Texas). The broth is incredibly well made with pork bone and tastes healthy and as if it's been stewed for countless hours. The slices of chashu pork that they serve the ramen with are melt in your mouth tender. The ramen is served with a massive wooden spoon that is shaped more upright like an "L." I'll admit that at first glance can be intimidating, but you'll get the hang of it after a while. You learn to appreciate the fact that you can eat a healthy scoop of noodles, veggies, and broth all in one bite with the spoon. As other Yelpers have mentioned, the white seaweed salad is a must. The vinaigrette is well seasoned (a little bit of plum wine, i think?) and the small crunch in the seaweed makes the entire dish taste crisp and clean. Also, their soba noodle dishes are superb. You really can't beat handmade noodles. The service is prompt and attentive, but the servers seem a bit inexperienced or they don't exude the grace and gentleness that is typically associated with a nice restaurant. All in, Tei-An is one of my favorite places to dine in Dallas. The food is pricey, I'll agree, but everything on the menu is so well made and tastes so flavorful, in a delicate kind of way. The way Japanese food should taste.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2012,9/16/2012,75,47,4,5,4>This is a cool little burger joint. Imagine your buddy built a bar in his house. Everyone is invited, block party style. Oh hey, I'm hungry... good thing your buddy is grillin' up some juicy burgers! Then you hear the register cha-chings and reality says you have to pay. This is NOT a cheap burger, but its worth having (at least once) and don't go cheap on it. Build it up to your liking or you'll be sorry.I had the DOUBLE meat, bleu cheese, and grilled jalapeños with sweet pot fries. Yeah, it was money.PROS:-No added bread crumb fillers-Thick juicy-juicy meaty burger patties. (notice the juicy-juicy when you pick it up and bite into it)-Fresh ingredients, fresh grilled jalapeños are a must here, but not for sissies.-skinny Sweet Pot Fries are REALLY GOOD-Onion rings are skinny and crisy, but have to eat fast before they get soggy. Plus they stack the rings, so you might have friends picking at them. If you're into sharing...-Good enough to where I didn't need mustard (or mayo & ketchup if you're one of those idiots)CONS:-Pricey for just burgers, but you pay for atmosphere and freshness.-The burgers were under-seasoned to my taste. SERVICE:Like Jason's deli, they give you a # and they deliver it to you.ATMOSPHERE:Cozy and homey. Outdoor patio and rooftop patio available.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,9/15/2012,207,491,12,14,6>If you've never been to Babe's Chicken, it's probably because your so-called friends hate you and will never tell you about this place, your cholesterol is so high that if you ate here, you'd immediately die, or you are so mal-nourished that if you ate it, you'd just throw it up.  Seriously, there are no other reasons why you shouldn't eat at Babe's.First off, this location is in the heart of Downtown Carrollton.  I know, that sounds a lot more important that it is, but its got some charm and it's a hop, skip and a jump away from a rock climbing gym so you could either go rock climbing and then show up here after working up an appetite, or you could go rock climbing after you ate here and not be able to get your harness on, you're so full on biscuits.Alright, so you've arrived around dinner time and there's a flock of people sitting around outside in the waiting area.  Yup, you've chosen poorly.  This place is always packed around dinner time.  If you're lucky, you've made a reservation or your friends have showed up earlier than you and have already grabbed a table.  Even if you have to wait, the food is worth the wait. They finally call your name and you go in.  It's like a hen house in there.  People clucking at full volume because it's rather noisy in there, but again, it's worth it.They bring you to your table and you sit down, but you're not there for roosting, you're there for eating - and eat you will!  They come and take your drink order and your meal order.  Here are your choices in order of deliciousness.  Fried Chicken, Chicken Fried Steak, Chicken Fingers (tenders), Pot Roast, Fried Catfish and Smoked Chicken.  If you've never been here, you *have* to get the fried chicken.  It is simply the best.  If you like chicken fried steak, it's a very close second.  The wife once got the smoked chicken and it tasted fowl.They'll come back with their salad.  It's simple but the wife loves it.  I'm not that big of a fan of salad, much less vinaigrette salad dressing but I know lots of other people that love it, so dig in.Then come the biscuits.  This is my favorite part of the meal.  It's like dessert that is disguised as an appetizer.  Get yourself a biscuit, cut it in half, spread some butter on it, pour yourself some honey on it AND some molasses and fly off to food heaven.  SO good.  The biscuit really only serves as a vehicle to get the butter, honey and molasses to your mouth.Then of course, the coop d'etat - the meal.  If you followed my advice, you're now sitting in front of a huge plate of fried chicken.  Mind you, they bring out *everyone's* order of fried chicken on one plate, so you're not going to be eating 16 pieces of chicken.  Only 4 of them are yours: a breast, thigh, drumstick and wing.  I start with the breast because it's the one that re-warms the poorest.  Watch out that no one takes more than one of any piece.  YOU ONLY GET ONE of each!  If Babe's brought out everyone's food on their own separate plate, we wouldn't have this problem, however, with all the pieces on one plate, they keep each other warmer for longer.Then the sides - it's all you can eat!  Mashed potatoes and gravy, creamed corn and green beans.  They're all quite good, but really the creamed corn is the winner.  The gravy comes in a close second as it's good for the potatoes and the chicken alike.So you're stuffed.  Babe's doesn't allow you take any of the sides home, so you're stuck with just some pieces of fried chicken to take home.  It's sad because you won't have any sides to eat when you're eating your leftovers.  For those of you who want your chicken to warm properly, microwave the chicken for a minute at high power, then put it in the toaster oven for 10 minutes at 300 degrees.  If you don't microwave it, the center of your chicken will be cold.We started to divide up the remainder of our chicken and found that we were shorted a thigh.  We told our waitress and she came back with a complete dinner.  Thanks Babes! Once you get your bill, you'll pay at the front.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,9/14/2012,132,558,7,7,7>I came in for some Vietnamese fair and was treated like royalty. Got to use my Yelp Check In for the free Dragon Blood shot... and got a bonus shot cause the owner thought the Dragon Blood shot might be to "strange"... it was, but I thought it was a good strange. LOLThis is a fairly new biz and it worth a visit for sure. You won't be sorry to check out the Pho here... especially with the do it yourself condiment bar (see my photo). This way you can have as much or little of what you really want. I added japs, pickled onion, cilantro, hot sauce and lots of lime juice... steep and man o man. Each spoon was a burst of flavors! The pork meatballs were delish and unique in flavor. They have specials going here Monday - Wed for happy hours (6-11):Monday - The Vapor room where it's cool to smoke an electric sig and sip expensive whiskey's like the good old speak easy days. Tuesday - Cosplay day... wear a costume and have some fun... anime or whatever. Best costume gets a $100 bar tab! Wed - Law and Order (Badge) holder happy hour! If you are any kind of law enforcement you're welcome to try these happy hour specials. Menu is small and simple with a push for Pho or their sammies. I got to try some of their new wine - a Chardonnay perfect for summer days. They are trying to do it up right... so give em a shot and see for yourself. They have a little outside seating, ample parking and a very open decor inside.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2012,9/13/2012,182,242,3,5,4>What more do I need to say about Trinity Hall other than this is my favorite bar?!  This place is close to my home, it's Irish, it's a pub, I have a 'usual' order, and everyone knows my name... It's kind of like my own personal 'Cheers'.  They have great drink specials and they change out the taps for certain events, like the most recent Belgian Independence where all the taps on the right side of the bar were changed to Belgian brews and the Belgian bottle selections were increased. The menu is pretty great for a bar/pub.  They have some of the best fish and chips in the metroplex and pretty good vegetarian options, as well.  If you're a fan of pub trivia, they usually offer free trivia on Sundays around 7 or so.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,9/12/2012,686,887,9,8,10>WHAT??? I cant believe I dont have a review for this place!!! I've been coming here for years!!! What kind of an awesome customer am I? I was a big fan of Asian Mint till Nikki opened up the mint. I was one of their regulars at Asian Mint and I pretty much introduced all my friends to this place! yeah, you're welcome! jk :D I guess it was wayyy before I got into yelp so I forgot to review it. Same menu and pretty much same atmosphere as Asian Mint but in a hippier part of town. I love their green tea cake!!! You cannot find it anywhere!!!! it's one of those desserts you just don't want to share with anybody!!! I've had pretty much everything on the menu...so...let me just name everything I tried from their menu. and they're all good!!! trust me, if you want to impress your date and look "exotic" take them here! they have happy hour here, too. So maybe you both can be happy at the mint hahahah.  chicken basil pad thai crispy pad thai thai salad with grill beef tom yumthe other coconut soupthe crab lovers fried rice. Comes with softshell crab!!! AMAZEBALLS!!!calamarispringrollssoftshell crab appetizerthe appetizer sampler. comes with four different kinds I believe. kua kai. soft noodles with chicken and egg!!their red curry is superb!!! green tea cake (their orange cake is just okay...) MUST TRY!!!! ALL THE ABOVE IS DELICIOUS!!! go eat and thank me later! I think that's everything I had over the years. They need to hire me as a spokeperson! You can pay me with food! I'm not a poor college student anymore but I still live like one. I'll take food as currency! lol jk jk
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,9/11/2012,190,81,9,17,12>WTF?  This restaurant has been under my nose for the last 5 years and I was totally unaware until I found it on Yelp. Thank you again, Yelp, for finding yet another gem; perhaps even the best of the best thus far!We arrived at Villas at about 8:30pm as their website stated that they are open until 10pm Tuesday - Saturday, so I didn't feel bad coming in at that hour... the outside door corroborated their business hours.  So... we walked in and we were the only customers.... YIKES!  For me, that is a foreboding sign of disappointment.  We were greeted by the very friendly and accommodating manager/hostess/server.  We surmised at that point, that they were happy to have a customer.... any customer.  As we came to find out, Villas is only open until 9pm, hence the empty dining room.  However, in good form, our server welcomed us kindheartedly, she gave us the spiel of the Churrascaria and sent us on our way to the small, but oh-so-fresh, salad bar.  There were hot items on a buffet to the side that offered grilled veggies, polenta, rice, as well as a couple of other items which I can't recall at this juncture.When we got back to the table with our salads, we commented on how good everything looked.  No sooner did we get our napkins back in our laps that our waitress brought us as a basket of "THE BOMB"  of all cheesy bread knots. YUM!  Better than any we have had at Fogo de Chao or Boi Na Braza.  To top that off, she delivered a tapas of cheese empanadas that boasted the most delicate crust and smooth, perfectly melted cheese.  Just as we finished our salads and breads, the pasadore (meat waiter) started bringing out skewers of some of the best meats we have EVER had in a Brazilian-style establishment.  We had about 10 different meats cooked to perfection that just melted in our mouths.  This was so amazing to us since they  were actually "closed" by the time we got our food.  The staff were so gracious and eager to please; time was not an issue whatsoever.While we were enjoying our feast, 2 other tables came in, and even though Villas was "technically closed," these diners were not turned away... they were invited  in with the same graciousness and welcoming smiles.  We wish more businesses (especially restaurant industry businesses) treated their customers with this same gratitude and appreciation of our patronage.  We were very impressed.Not long after our initial consumption of beef, pork, chicken and sausage we both were filled to the brim... AND THEN to complete our meal, we were served a delectable piece of grilled cinnamon pineapple.  Just as we were finishing our pineapple, our server thought we might enjoy one of their desserts accompanied by a cup of their freshly brewed Starbucks coffee.  Though tempting, if we had taken one more bite of anything, we would have certainly would have exploded!!Before leaving, I paid a visit to the bathroom... this can make or break a place for me.  To my delight, It was refreshingly clean and tidy.  Kudos!  The only thing that was disappointing was that their website quoted the price for dinner was $16.90 per person, when it is actually $20.90 per person.  I informed the manager of this error and she said that she would pass that along to her boss so that it would be corrected.  It mattered not that there was a mere $4 discrepancy, it was well worth every penny of the $20.90!!  This is the best bang for your buck in town!!  It's a HUGE bargain for the great quality and service you will receive.  We will be back for sure!  I hope Villas will be around for a long, long time... Tell your friends and family to give it a try.... they won't be disappointed!!I highly recommend Villas and will definitely be telling all of my friends.
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,9/10/2012,40,113,3,7,5>I went to Epic Cone with some co-workers.  At first I was skeptical, but it really turned out to be a great place.  When we first walked in, we were greeted by the owner, Chris Martinez.  Chris waited on us himself, and fully explained the concept, menu, and how all the recipes are family recipes.  He even told us that the cone press is the first one in the nation, and was his idea.  I love this cone.  It's not a typical "ice cream" type cone.  Instead it has a rounded bottom that allows the stuffing to get all the way down inside the cone.  That means you get delicious stuffing in every bite.  The dough is a thin, bread type dough...toasty and tasty.  I had the Curry Chicken cone, and loved it.  This curry chicken salad would be a great addition for a salad or sandwich if Chris ever decided to expand the menu.  It's his Mom's recipe, and I'm a fan!  All the pizza cones are $5, and at first you may think you won't get full, but you will.  They are a great size and it's a tasty hand-held lunch.  They also serve dessert cones that are around $3 for a half size.  It is plenty.  I had the chocolate chip cone with cheesecake filling...delicious!  He also has an apple pie type filled cone that's his Mom's recipe.  The location in Deep Ellum is a former club, and Chris still rents it out for private events and donates the space every Saturday to make sandwiches for the homeless. You have to love that.  Overall, I would go back.  I love Chris' idea and he's a great guy.  It's refreshing to see a local business owner who's willing to loan out his space each week, and wants to give back to the community he's in.  I hope he'll get more business in this location as it was empty the day we were there.  He'd been serving this concept for about 5 months.  I gave the review four stars only because it might be nice for there to be a side selection or two on the menu...like salad or even a soup.  Otherwise, I think the place is great, and you won't get better service.  Thanks, Chris! p.s. they also cater, and I think the cones would make a great party food.
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,9/9/2012,213,499,5,9,5>I peed my pants a little when I first read about this place on Pegasus News.  And then a little more when I read Dan W's glowing review on Side Dish shortly afterward.  It was all over when I walked in and saw that gleaming case of goodies, the most exciting of which (for me) were the Girl Scout cookie donuts!! I have been VERY good this year and not eaten one dang cookie!But then I ordered 16 donuts, so...maybe I cancelled that out.These folks are really creative (and super friendly to boot).  I am a big fan of Hypnotic Donuts and have to say that a lot of the Hole Thing Donuts were even more intriguing than what HD is putting out.  Pie donuts?? Peanut butter banana fritters?  Not just bacon, but dark chocolate, maple bacon, and sea salt?  A THAI donut with peanut butter, red pepper flakes, and sriracha for goodness sake!?!?  Plus sausage rolls, cinnamon buns...it was very intimidating, and I ordered so much because it was so far I didn't know when I'd be back.Also, my buttload of donuts only cost a hair over $15 bucks, so that's pretty affordable to me when I've spent the same amount on far fewer goodies at some other specialty bake shops.  Looking at you, cake balls!Anyhoo.  I took home my bounty and got to sampling.  I started out with a glazed donut and a couple donut holes just to get a taste of the standards.  Honestly, not the best I've had.  They seemed a bit dry and chewy to me.  I'm not sure if they were hot and fresh or when they had been made, or if it was because it was 30-45 minutes later by the time I got home and started eating.  I moved on to alll the other stuff, and was kinda disappointed.  It would take me far too long to go into what I thought about each individual donut but overall I liked the chocolate cake-based donuts best, and found the ones with the yeast donut base were a little chewy and not melt-in your mouth.  The chai cake donut also seemed a little dry.  My favorites were the s'more donut filled with marshmallow creme, the savannah smile lemon GSC donut (although I like HD's Lucy in the Sky better, mainly because the donuts themselves are better there) and the Thai one, which was actually really, really good.  And she made that one custom for me so I wonder if that had anything to do with why it tasted fresher.  Oh, and the fritters actually tasted better the second day.  I am no fritter expert though, as that's not something I usually get.So all in all, I give creativity and fun factor 5+ stars.  Taste of the donuts themselves were more like 2-3 stars but the toppings usually made them a solid 3 or sometimes 4 stars.  I would say check them out because they're a great local business that Forney is lucky to have but just be prepared that you're mostly going for the innovative toppings and stuff rather than a great basic donut.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,9/8/2012,226,292,4,5,7>I know I'm weird for saying this, but I love car shopping. The negotiating and all the pomp and circumstance. . .it's something I look forward to. Chris Rupert is the guy to talk to here. In May 2011, my lease was up on my VW Passat and I was looking for a nice little upgrade. After doing some research and looking at what I could afford, I figured a C300 was going to be my best bet. After a completely horrific experience at Ewing, I came down, spoke with Chris for a bit, test drove a C300 that had a couple extra bells and whistles that were out of my price range just so I could get a feel for the car's layout and how it drove and handled before we went in to discuss terms on a more base model. Chris was great helping me get to the right price point then dropped the bomb that they were going to put me in the upgraded car (18in wheels, body kit, iPod package) for that price instead. I was eager to drive my new car so Chris actually followed me back to my place so I could drop off my VW and hit the streets in my new wheels.Absolutely amazing experience - highly recommend.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,9/7/2012,973,92,28,36,32>Location may seem out of place as its in the corner of a mostly empty shopping center. Good thing, because if the location was right off belt line or midway, more people would find out about this place and the line would be out the door!  The decor of the place, coupled with the quantity of food, the exceptional service and friendliness of the owner makes this place my favorite Thai place in Dallas. Let's start with the decor and setting. There's about 10 or so tables along with a raised covered area to accommodate a larger party. Bamboo and jungle grass cover the area. Sprinkled across the dining area are various artsy pictures as well as a couple Thailand influenced pictures and artifacts as well. Not large by any means so I would expect some wait time when it hits the usual lunch rush. Our party of 4 ordered the cream cheese crab roll along with thai teas, the award winning Khao Soi noodles, mango fried rice and chicken panang curry. Thai Tea's were on point. Not overly sweet yet flavorful. My favorites would have to be rolls and Khao Soi. I was too full to try any of the desserts but they all looked and sounded very tasty.This family owned restaurant is run by a nice friendly couple. The husband takes care of the overall managing and the wife is the lovely cook who makes the delicious dishes in the back. He was very helpful making sure we were all taken care of and engaging in friendly conversation. The guy is a Rangers fan so don't hesitate to discuss with him on how the Rangers are tearing up the AL west! Our party of 4 was engaged in a long conversation after closing hours and not once did they try to kick us out. That is 5 star deserving right there. My only gripe is that they're closed on Sunday. Don't be like Chick-Fil-A. Open up on Sunday so we can enjoy the Thai goodness 7 days a week!Quick Tip: Thai Tea's are $2.50 each, but you have the option to get a full refill for only $1 more. Make use of this.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2012,9/5/2012,88,90,,6,6>This Italian restaurant is a great hidden gem.  Although they focus on special events & catering, I hope they get enough traffic during the day to keep their lunch service going.I heard about this place from a coworker who made it sound like the food was pretty authentic and mentioned that he heard the owner speaking Italian, so naturally, I had to try it.   I ate there today and had the spaghetti and meatballs with marinara sauce.  I was pleasantly surprised: here was some really good Italian food, in Las Colinas of all places.The sauce was made from scratch, with freshly chopped bell pepper and garlic and had a depth of flavor and spices generally lacking from most Italian places in Dallas.    And the dish came with 8 or 9 freaking meatballs, so they're not skimping here... Now, I'm not going to say that this place will put Nonna's or Urbano Cafe out of business, but if you have the good sense and palate to refuse what passes for Italian at places like Olive Garden or Johnny Carino's, then you'll appreciate what Ventian Terrace has to offer.  Let me also add that the portions are extremely generous (especially for lunch).  What was an $8 dish has left me with enough for a second helping tomorrow...
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,9/4/2012,30,108,2,8,2>The lunch crew here at work had grown tired of the same boring rotation so we started thumbing through a local dining guide to find new ideas.  We picked out this place and gave it a shot since we all like seafood.I had the smoked salmon club, and when I ordered it I was imagining those thin strips of smoked salmon you get on a nova lox bagel.  What i ACTUALLY got was a VERY generous chunk of smoked salmon that had to be at least 4 ounces, delicious bacon, and good bread to top off the sandwich.  It was so good I went back two days later and got the same thing.  The seared tuna salad and lobster salad that my co-workers got looked pretty delicious too, this place is a winner.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2012,9/3/2012,99,105,,8,2>Wow I love this place.  I admit I am not the biggest Urban Crust fan.  I mean its a cool place but the food is just OK in my opinion.   This place has a great atmosphere and the food to match.   I had the beef fajitas.  I was actually asked how I wanted them cook (big plus!!).  They came out cooked a little more than my ordered med-rare but wow were they tasty.   My wife had brisket quesadillas and they were great.  Cool upstairs bar and you can eat in the bar (probably what I will do in the future).   I'm afraid this place is going to become really popular and be tough to get into, but that's ok if the rest of my visits are as good as the first I will wait.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2012,9/2/2012,219,594,2,6,6>This is my go-to gift place.  Not sure what to get someone who has everyone.  Perhaps someone who's a member of The Finer Things club?  This is your place.  You can sample around and try everything, but I like to get people the Dude Sweet box- I think that's what it's called.  It's $20 and has maybe 12 varieties- half "dude" or savory chocolates, and half sweet.  They're pretty little things.Also- I think this place symbolizes the spirit of Bishop Arts.  High quality artisans who are so proud and detailed with their craft.  It's a fun place to visit.  Chat up the staff, or the master chocolatier, Katherine, who is usually working in the shop. They love what they do.  They'll tell you about the products, what they pair with, give you samples.  They even sell a few unusual items like unique ice cream bars and occasionally hot chocolate.  If you are lucky enough to go when they have hot chocolate get it- and ask for the pistachio cream.  I dream of that stuff.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,9/1/2012,85,165,4,8,3>I can't believe it took me this long to make my way down to Kuby's! Actually, in fairness, we tried to go once before for a weekend lunch, but the restaurant was super crowded-- and, because we were clueless, and no one approached us when we entered the dining room, we awkwardly lingered in the entry area and looking around the room for several minutes, and finally left. Fast-forward to a recent Saturday night dinner. We decided to give it another go. The restaurant was far less crowded, and we were able to get a table (this time, we ascertained that you seat yourself). First impression: semi-loud, live accordion music (but not prohibitively loud, unless you were sitting right by the dude), lively crowd, harried looking waitresses. Upon examining the menu, the first thing I noticed was how cheap this place was compared to out go-to German spot, Bavarian Grill in Plano. Like, 30-50% cheaper. Welllll...this certainly appeals to my thrifty nature! Good start. Then, they bring you this basket of warm rye bread, and these cute little pretzel nuggets, which was a fun change of pace. My soda was served in an adorb plastic take-home cup. I'm a sucker for this stuff.Kuby's has chicken jagerschnitzel on their menu, which intrigued me, because I have never seen this offered at a German restaurant. They also had some creative toppings aside from the standard brown gravy, including a lemon butter sauce, which I decided I definitely needed to try. The chicken jagerschnitzel was HUGE. The chicken was tender, and the breading was crispy and delicious. The lemon butter sauce was not bad, but it was not all that I hoped and dreamed it would be.  No biggie-- I will stick with the traditional sauce next go. My jagerschnitzel came with a butt load of sides, including red cabbage (RIDICULOUS!!), potato pancakes (holy mother of GOD, do not tell my Jewish family members that the Germans make better potato pancakes than the Jews...), and spaetzel (which I was allowed to sub in place of a salad). The spaetzel was unlike any I have previously seen-- it was not little tiny dumplings, rather, longer, more noodly looking pieces. Still great. Husband got a weenie plate, like always. He said it was great. He got the German potato salad, of which I tried a bite, and it was amazing. After alllll of that food, I cannot BELIEVE that I let our waitress talk us into ordering dessert, but I am really glad that it happened. At her insistence, we got the coconut cream pie, which apparently sells out in a hurry most nights. OMG. It was amazing. I kind of wish I had never tried it, because now I don't know how we can not get it, next time. Oh, and for the record, service ended up being pretty good, and our waitress was sweet and helpful.The little shop attached to the restaurant was adorable, and the man working the register FINALLY made me understand why I cannot find Kinder Surprise Eggs for sale anywhere in the United States!! THANK YOU!!!!! (Google it).Anyway, I reeeeaallllyy dug Kuby's. I think I will bring out-of-towners here in the future...it's THAT kind of a place. Five stars, and we'll be back.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2012,8/31/2012,325,161,3,8,10>As time goes byI drove by the Texas Theater, but never set foot inside, for too many years. It's been part of Dallas' lost history for decades. Originally built as one of many neighborhood movie theaters by one of Howard Hughes companies in the 30s. It's infamously known as the place where the police found Oswald after killing Kennedy and Officer Tippit. Sadly, that event cast a dark shadow on the Texas, like it did to downtown Dallas. It has laid vacant for many years, and was on the chopping block many times. Thankfully, good people stepped up and saved it, time after time. If you are tired of the plethora of bad movies at the multiplex. Come to the Texas for culture, independent films, local concerts, and a awesome bar! The bartenders, the people at concessions, the patrons themselves are all real characters. Last time I was there I stayed till they closed at 3 am on a weeknight! I just had such a great time talking to everyone!Be sure to explore the whole theater! There are plenty of cool surprises to be found. Vintage movie poster reproductions are all around. By the bar you can choose from their record collection to play on the player. In the back, there are vintage video games, including a table Ms. PAC Man. Go upstairs for a terrific lounge area with plenty of seating. I only wished their theater balcony was open too.Sadly they don't have a kitchen so their food selection is very limited, word to the wise, the pizza was awful. Hopefully they can partner up with a worthy restaurant neighbor to remedy this and bring themselves to the 5 star level they deserve!Never out of date.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,8/30/2012,178,175,12,6,7>I'm pretty tired of Starbucks and leaving smelling like... I don't know.. that funky smell that Starbucks is known for?Oak Lawn Coffee is not the biggest coffee shop around, but their back room has big comfortable couches, as well as a few tables for people who needs to get things done. Plenty of electric outlets as well. This is one of the few places I've seen that actually has Cold Brew Coffee, something that I first learned about from my friend that's some kind of coffee guru. But this stuff is STRONG! As I'm typing this, I'm sure I'm typing in Matrix style bullet time and my keyboard is probably on fire because I'm typing so fast. I definitely need to lay off this stuff for awhile.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,8/29/2012,541,525,12,15,10>I don't know what it is about hummus and Mediterranean Food that gets me all hot and bothered?!  Maybe its my ancestors reminding me they spent 40 years walking through the desert and they were unable to enjoy it, so now I must step up and eat for us all.  Well I accept that task! The menu can be a little confusing as each plate literally comes with so much food you're not sure which is the main course, so just ask.  There is always a guy standing right there when you walk in and he's very helpful.  You basically pick your entree and then walk through the line for your accoutrement's. There is everything from hummus to a Greek salad to veggies up to your face! You can pick up your entree (which is freshly made) when you pay.  I always get the falafel platter with hummus and cauliflower, because that cauliflower....change of undies, especially when dipped in the hummus. OMG I just drooled on myself.   Tips:  Grab your pita towards the end of the line, they don't monitor you, but don't take all of them.  Once I saw a guy take 5 pita's and I almost went Chuck Norris on his ass.  Second...if you get there about 10 minutes before they close, they will seriously fill up your to-go box TO THE RIM.  Delightful hearth burn to follow for sure.  MP gets the schwarma.  He loves his meat.  Errrr, spicy meat.   Uh, never mind.  I ALWAYS have leftovers.  Definitely makes for a delicious breakfast. Oh, their fresh fruit juices are delicious!  Obviously great place for vegetarians and meat eaters alike.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2012,8/28/2012,28,64,8,6,6>* Pros:  The best Caesar salad I've ever had; perfect pizza, excellent service* Cons: There weren't enough gangsters painted on the patio wall (I only counted two)"Soppressata: An Italian cured dry salami. Two principal types are made, a cured dry sausage typical of Basilicata, Apulia and Calabria, the other, a very different uncured salami, native to Tuscany and Liguria"I'll get back to that in a minute...In the blink of time I've been alive, I've been fortunate enough to have experienced a few perfect moments and events.- I successfully pitched a no hitter back in school days- As a gangly skater kid, I was able to wease away the hottest chick in school from our cro magnon QB- One time I ran the Street Fighter 2 arcade game at the mall for two straight hours, without a single defeat.The list goes on and on...Actually no, it doesn't.  That's pretty much it.Well, unless you count my lunch yesterday at Cane Rosso.  Yes, Fieri and his Camaro SS graced the joint recently, which kind of inspired me to schlep it to Deep Ellum from the 'burbs and give it a shot.I'm extremely stoked that I did!  We arrived and went directly to the patio since we brought the Rhodesian Ridgebacks along for the meal.  Our server brought out waters immediately along with a to-go container full of water and ice for the pooches.  The menu is fairly simple - Neapolitan slices pies in minimalist style, consisting of quality ingredients and made in a wood fire oven.  Yes, you will have a thin layer of black soot on your plate.  This is normal.  ...and desired.We had the Zoli and a Caesar salad.  The salad was perfect - crunchy lettuce with abundant, savory dressing with croutons obviously made in house.  The Zoli was lightly layered with sausage, mozzarella and hot Soppressata.  I had no idea what that was.  Now I do.  It's awesome.I can't wait to go back for the spicy bacon marmalade.  On anything.Our server recognized the source of my Bill Fucking Murray t-shirt, and added the notation "KCCO" on the receipt.   Sometimes it's the little things.An absolute perfect meal.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2012,8/27/2012,150,120,5,3,4>So glad I found this gem of a pet store.  I have a bit of pet store selection in my 'hood and I've tried them all, but I keep coming back to PSP.First of all, I've never seen such variety.  And the really amazing thing is that none of the foods here are the kinds sold in the grocery store/WalMart.  These are brands that someone did research on before letting them appear in the store.  Anything I've seen as a top rated dog food can be found here.  I actually went here initially because I read  that the staff is trained to know about dog food.  I needed someone who could help my dog stop farting.  It was getting out of control. Most recently she was eating Blue Buffalo, which comes highly recommended.  It wasn't doing her any favors.  After meeting with the manager at PSP, I came home with a mixture of Bravo Raw Meat patties and Nutri-Source for adult dogs.  I learned that the Nutri-Source had one of the shortest ingredient lists.  No matter how much reading I do online, its nice to have someone that knows what theyre talking about to get you in the right direction.  Another one of my favorite things is that the prices are extremely reasonable.  I'm feeding my frenchie some fancy ass shit.  She eats better than me some nights...and she couldn't do that if her food wasn't affordable.Anyway, I can't say enough awesome things about PSP.  If you know how obsessed with my dog I am (ask to see her birthday cake, I dare you lol), you'll know what that really means.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,8/26/2012,51,25,5,4,4>Here's an amusing way to befuddle your significant others:Start suggesting the non-obvious and somewhat tenuous replacement for anything you try to do together. "Honey, I feel like watching a movie tonight; let's go see what's playing on the Best Buy demo tvs!" "I feel like going to a concert! Let's go to Guitar Center and hopefully the ever-present cacophony there will coalesce into something melodic and catchy!"In a similar vein I was struck by the strangeness of going to a restaurant called Casablanca to sample their Italian food, when I could have simply hit up a known quantity at any of the other Italian joints I frequent. So, my live-in Komodo Dragon trainer and I stopped, mid-Kroger-run to investigate this hole-in-the-wall place and the delectable Moroccan-Italian treats it teased (hyphen overload!). Firstly, the staff there is fantastically friendly, and you're immediately welcomed and made to feel at home. The ambiance is relatively non-existent at present, but it looks like things are still in development. Besides, how much more corporately-issued generic Italian-themed brik-a-brak (don't forget the fake ivy and plastic grapes!) is really needed in our lives?On our first trip, we got the Rigatoni Beef (7.95), which far surpassed our expectations. It features rigatoni generously topped with a complex but unified chunky sauce that hit all the right notes of tomato, spice, cream, and that wonderful olfactory flavor you get from a really-hot wok or pan. Served with several slices of olive-oil-dabbed bread, it was enough to have the next day for lunch. This is a really great dish!Here are some other things we've tried:Veal Piccata (10.95)- tender cuts of veal with a subtle but lip-smacking sauce of lemon, capers, and butter. This was good, but taste-wise it suffered next to the robustly-flavored Rigatoni Beef.Chicken Piccata (8.95)- A better match than the veal IMO, the chicked was juicy and seared with a dusting of lemon juice and black pepper, and was really quite delicious. Donna Sofia (6.95)- An appetizer of slices of fresh mozzarella and tomatoes topped with an eggplant-basil sauce.  A fine starter, if I do say so myself. And I do. Say so, that is. Myself.Tirimasu al mascarpone (3.95)- This was seriously good, seriously creamy, and seriously about half the cost of most restaurants' desserts. A light drizzle of raspberry on the place was the perfect tart to offset the sweet. All the entrees come with spaghetti marinara, olive oil garlic spaghetti, or seasonal veggies. I had the marinara, and, though it is a simple side-dish to the main meal, it is skillfully done, and bursting with flavor. It makes me want to go punch the other versions of this I've had IN THEIR NOODLEY FACES!!Before I forget- their lunch special are $5 and are basically the same size as the dinners! Overall, this place is a win! Good prices, great food (the chef is Moroccan, but trained in Italy, which explains the trappings), and friendly waitstaff. If you want to go canoodle with someone over dinner (each of you sucking up an end of a noodle and crooning out double-entendres to the delight of yourselves and the revulsion of others), perhaps you will find more accommodation elsewhere. If, however, you are equally romanced by the act of ravenously attacking plates of delicious and affordable homemade food and walking out shockingly filthy, but with your marinara-stained head held high (as I am), then I suggest giving this place a try!
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,8/25/2012,212,403,4,7,5>Richardson isn't really saturated with good burger joints, hopefully this is the start of a new trend.  The boo and i were driving around richardson, trying to think of a burger joint to go.  My friendly yelp app pointed out an "Olive Burger" that recently opened and had great reviews.  We decided to check this place out.We go inside and the owners and workers are very friendly.  They may be persian but they show great southern hospitality.  Every burger is made to order with never frozen half pound beef.  These burgers are pretty huge.  We got the mushroom swiss burger with sweet potatoe fries and it honestly filled 2 adults up.  The patty develops a great crust from the grill and has a nice smokey char flavor.  The toppings are fresh and give the burger a nice clean taste.  The sweet potatoe fries were crispy on the outside and velvety cream on the inside.  Great texture.  With a new menu coming up in the following weeks, Olive Burger might start to give Del's Charcoal Burger a run for it's money for best burger joint in Richardson.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2012,8/24/2012,108,213,3,4,3>Everyone in my hood has been waiting for Blue's Pub to open.  Well the wait paid off.  Blue's finally opened.  You never know what to expect from a strip mall pub but my wife and I were pretty impressed.  I'd say it's more bar than pub but the decor is pretty nice.  They've got at least 10 flat screens all tuned to sports.  That's a big plus.  It wasn't overly loud, so you can actually have a conversation without yelling.  That could change when more people realize this place is open.Blue's doesn't have what I would call a large selection of beer, but it's decent.  Domestic bottles were going for $2.75.  They've got a good menu with lots of choices.  We tried the fried pickles and they were really good.  The portion was huge.  Probably a bit too much for 2 people.  The owner, brought us a sample of his famous Rusty Nuts.  My wife really liked his nuts.  I thought they were pretty good too.  He stayed and talked to us for a little bit.  Really nice guy.  Our waitress was pretty good.  She was attentive during our visit.  The only strike against her is she brought our bill before we were ready to go.  I thought that was bit weird.  We'll definitely be back.  With a place so close to home how can I not root for it to succeed.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2012,8/23/2012,193,345,3,6,5>I've been going to Live for a few years now, mostly for quickie 'dos when I have an event. I like the fact that they will usually fit you in if you don't have a weeks-out appointment, and they have a great "Happy Hour" special where if you show up with clean, ready to style hair they can give you some umph or some sexy voluminous curls for way cheap. (though I think that is Fridays after 3 only?)I typically show up, am promptly served a glass of wine and have a quick chat with the stylist about what kind of look we're going for. Since I usually have no clue, I leave it up to them and they never disappoint. A couple of my favorite things - you lay flat on a table when you get your hair washed, so no weird bent neck angle, and the vibe. The music is always great and the staff is laid back and fun. If you're looking for a great style for your next event, give LIVE a call! *Side note - they've also added a person who does threading now, I haven't given it a shot yet but I've seen her at work and it looks intriguing!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,8/22/2012,290,376,6,8,7>I really, really, really liked this spot in Addison Circle. BFF and I just wandered in one weekend afternoon, and were very impressed.Now, note that we were here in mid-afternoon; no crowds, only 4-5 folks at the bar; no loud music, and no smokey atmosphere.  It was quite lovely.TMDB is a very laid back, but rather upscale atmosphere for a pub.  Lots of dark polished wood, separate small intimate areas with table and booth seating, and a small back patio.  We grabbed two comfy seats @ the bar and were greeted by a friendly cheerful bartender, Shaun.  As a bartender/server, Shaun was one of the best ever.  Enthusiastic and seemed to love his job.The draft selection is quite small, maybe only 5 or 6 selections. However, it appears that their bottle selection is quite extensive.   Shaun gracefully offered to let me try some sample drafts before making my selection.  I opted for the Longhammer IPA, a light tasty pale ale, while BFF had his usual Miller Lite.On to the menu; we were starving for a late lunch. Shaun was very knowledgeable about the menu and assured us their burgers were excellent, around 1/2 lb of protein..  He was right on.I created my own Burger; grilled onions, extra tomato, lettuce and  hickory sauce on the side.  BFF ordered a Cheesburger, with Sweet Potato fries, while I saw Onion Rings on the menu and jumped on that bandwagon.  The food was incredibly good; the burgers were moist and juicy and HUGE, and OMG, that Pretzel Bun was the cat's meow and placed this burger in another category of its own.  Soft moist and oh so flavorful.  As hard as I tried, I could only get through 1/4 of that massive serving of calories.  (BFF left not one single crumb on his plate!)  The onion rings were also pretty darn good; not too thick, but not strings either.  The fries were seasoned well; I tasted a hint of nutmeg, maybe ??We ended our visit with one of Shaun's spicy Bloody Mary's, & they were perfectly delicious :)An absolutely delightful experience overall; outstanding service by Shaun (a rousing 5 stars for Shaun!), great ambiance, and oh so scrumptious delicious food.Will we be back?  You betcha we will!  Specials galore during the week; $3 drafts on Monday, $5 burgers on Tuesday nights; complimentary taco bar on Thursday nights, HH prices Mon-Fri etc etc.Just LUV this newish spot just up the road from my abode.  I'm so hungry now after writing this review, a next visit may be sooner than later :)
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2012,8/21/2012,273,145,2,4,6>Where do I start?Reservations 7:30PM...started at the bar. I had the gin basil martini--YUM! RefreshingHe had a glass of red wine.  Bar is high end /upscale.didn't have to wait long and was seated before indulging too much in the drink we ordered.  Started with various breads...the butter was so amazing-tasted like a blend with cream cheese.  Was careful to not overindulge!  I was saving room for dessert after!Next Split a Tomato Caprese Salad...love and is my favorite salad!  The main course we also split-the Filet with mushrooms and onions special. Ordered sautéed spinach and scalloped potatoes...medium rare steak was perfectly cooked and came sliced with the mushrooms and onions and a delicious sauce atop.My mouth was in heaven!Decided to forego dessert and instead walk off a few calories and head down for some gelato after the meal.Overall The Capital Grille ranks up with Del Frisco's, III Forks for me...Service was STELLAR!! I'll be back
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2012,8/20/2012,71,134,2,5,4>**NOTE I've been here 3 times since I started this review**Po' Melvins... what a delicious Chicken Fried Steak you have.  I've yet to actually order anything else on the menu (which has some of the great comfort foods evarr) because your CFS is delicious.  I brought my wife here, and we noshed on the CFS and she got a shrimp PoBoy.... wow your Po Boy is great too... but your CFS.. with Fried Okra, Mashed Potatoes, and Corn for my sides....   I just might have to go back there today....I don't think I'll ever try your challenge... that's too much food and I'm already thinking about the beating I'd take from my wife.  Kudos to all else that would try it though!Bottom line... GO.. EAT.. Be Happy with their food.  I recommend the CFS and the Shrimp PoBoy :)
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2012,8/19/2012,40,121,,6,5>While some seem to consider Omi the gold standard of Korean BBQ, I prefer Blue House.  The parking is better, the selection of meat is better and the rest is pretty much equivalent (average service and such).  Omi has the grills built into the table which is nicer looking, but we've never had any problem with Blue House's portable grills.  Similar level of language barrier for English speakers.  I like that Blue House has marinaded steak instead of the beef ribs.In case you've never been and you're thinking about trying it - some details on Korean BBQ in general (from a non-korean):Don't be afraid - its easyThe Korean BBQ menu is not in english, don't let this deter you.  Just order the BBQ and they'll bring you everything.*hint - they'll bring you garlic and hot peppers if you wantThey will bring out 2 plates of meat.  One is thin sliced beef (and maybe pork).  The other is thicker marinaded meats (pork, steak and chicken).  The thin sliced stuff is easy, just throw a bunch of it on.  Take it off when you're comfortable with it.  Some char it, some eat it barely done.Dip the meat in that little bowl of oil they brought out (one for each person).  Its salty and tasty.  The meat is pretty average without it.You have to cut up the marinaded meat.  I suggest doing it first, its just easier (that's what the scissors are for).The marinaded stuff is great, its a little sweet and savory.  The grill will get a little sticky - they will replace the foil periodically so you have a good surface to use.  If it starts to char up and you don't have new foil, just push the button.  Also, if you ask, they'll bring you forks.Everything is unlimited (even the little side dishes) so, ask for what you want.  You might need to point if you don't know what it is :-)The staff has always been helpful for me.  If you're doing it wrong, they'll let you know and show you what to do.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2012,8/18/2012,108,346,4,5,5>The first time I had Boiling Crab, I went to my Brit. Lit. 8am class the following morning and before my professor could finish reading a Shakespeare sonnet, my face was flat on my anthology and it went something like, "Shall I compare thee to a summer's day, thou art more (ZZZZZZzZZZzz). Now those were some good times. My point is, you should know that the seafood here is so good, it'll put you into a food coma until the next day. My routine for boiling crab is always the same. I start off with 3 pounds of crawfish, which by the way are usually medium sized and occasionally larger towards the summer. Then I usually order their sweet corn, which is scrumptious and flavorful from being soaked in the crawfish seasoning.  After ordering how many pounds of seafood you want, you get to pick your sauces and your choices areragin' cajunlemon peppergarlic butteror, the SHEBANG SAUCE, which has all the above.Next, pick your level of spiciness. I usually go medium. There's definitely a strong kick but not too much that I wouldn't be able to taste the crawfish.You might as well be ballsy and get the SHEBANG sauce. It's completely unforgettably delicious. It's buttery, tangy, spicy, and hits every chord on the taste buds. You should also be wary that there's usually a 1 hour + wait. It is worth it. Other items on the menu include: blue crab, snow king crab legs, clams, shrimp, raw oysters, and of course there are your usual deep fried seafood dishes too, which I never get cause I can get that anywhere. The crawfish is what they're known for anyway. So, if you've decided that you're a crawfish aficionado, it is your duty to journey to Boiling Crab and get your fix.
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2012,8/17/2012,113,594,4,5,4>HOLY COW THIS MAN IS AMAZING!!!  Alright all in your face aside.  Chef Andrew and his staff produce some of the most amazing food ever and I'm not kidding around.  The food is absolutely delicious and mind blowing.We had a retirement part for my Dad at Chef Andrew's house (it is part of the KU DE TA, Three Sheets, and soon to be opening Southern Comforts compound over off of Ross Ave.), Chef Andrew was kind enough to open his home to us and then serve some of the most amazing food I have ever had.  And this was only Hors' doeurves people!  I've been very fortunate to eat at some great places in my life and have some amazing food but this ranked in the Top 3 without a doubt.    The simplest thing I had all night was a bite sized southwest chicken salad and it was delicious.  The top three though were as follows: Wild mushroom pastries with a basil sauce, a sesame covered shrimp toast with remoulade, and a polenta and cheese mix wrapped with prosciutto.At the end of the night Chef Andrew had served 13 different dishes, including several desserts, and not a single one was anything but phenomenal!I swear I do not work for this man and that this review is legitimate.  I am just one extremely satisfied customer that wants to spread the news of an amazing Chef here in Dallas.  Chef Andrew I will be using you again for catering!!
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2012,8/16/2012,262,584,3,7,2>Having moved a bit in life and lived a few places I always thought it would be awesome to have a tattoo for each place I've lived, something to remind me of the good times and reason I was there.  I moved to Dallas last fall and heard of the Elm Street Tattoo Friday the 13th tattoos and thought it sounded great.  Not just an idea I heard about in Dallas but something that really made me think about the area of town I chose to live in:  Deep Ellum.  Tattoo for $13, $7 tip = $20 total.On Friday, July 13th, 2012 I got my second tattoo, the single pass script 13 right under my right arm pit on my side.  Something they offer is to make an appointment the night before so once I heard about that I signed up instead of electing to just show up and wait.  I work 8-5ish and figure night time would be busier so I elected for 7a.  They gave you the opportunity to choose a specific artist but I didn't know any so I didn't. My appt was at 7a but they were running behind and didn't start until about 7:20.  The specific tattoo I chose probably took 5-10 minutes max, really simple. My internet stalking leads me to believe that my tattoo artist was Chris Erickson.  I don't want to speak much to him since it was such a simple tattoo, I signed up for this tattoo during a marathon of tattooing,  and have no complaints on said tattoo but he seemed very tired.  I was ready for my tattoo and asked him if he just changed the needle and he almost seemed shocked I would ask.  He told me yes and that they were all single use and disposable but I definitely prefer to see that done in front of me.  I cannot lie that it made me nervous and that it still bothers me a bit but ultimately I made the decision not to ask him to change it again and in front of me (even though that could be wasteful) because I didn't want to be a pain.I know plenty of people with Friday the 13th tattoos and hear good things about Elm Street Tattoo (and a 4 star rating on Yelp!) so I am confident I will not have to update my review in the future.  I am already thinking about tattoo number three (next couple of months) and fairly confident that this will be my choice parlor.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2012,8/15/2012,257,612,6,6,10>5 stars for food and 5 stars for service. the yelp elite event was held here, and it was amazing. i usually do not drink much, but i imbibed a bit too much here cuz the drinks were so bueno. the bohemian champagne and pineapple stoli were very good. the steak burger was divine. i didn't realize how dry aging steaks for several days affected the flavor, but the executive chef keith was very nice and explained the process of drying the beef so that the connective tissue proteins get weakened so that you're left with the most tender cut of steak. very cool. lobster roll was excellent. asparagus soup was very good. creme brulee was very creamy and just right. it had real specks of vanilla beans in the bottom. everything just had a nice touch. everything i ate and drank was soooo good. i'm definitely a fan of capital grille. it's on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for and for special occasions, it's definitely worth the money.
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,8/14/2012,239,706,4,5,4>Our "little" city of Allen is really growing up. This is our third big Austin-originated outpost (following Rudy's and Matt's Rancho Martinez), and I think it's a great addition. We had an early dinner on a Sunday evening, and the place was jumping. There were probably 25 people in line in front of me, but it went quickly. My fellow diner and I had eyes bigger than our stomachs, and chose chips and green chile queso along with three tacos each. Note well that these tacos are larger than an authentic Mexican taco (as long as one knows how big those are SUPPOSED to be :) ), and three of them comprise a pretty good face-stuffing. A couple of fountain beverages (including the sadly-probably-short-timed Dublin Dr. Pepper) rounded out the meal. The queso was as good as I remembered it from Torchy's other northern outpost in Dallas. Cilantro and avocado accentuated the delicious cheese, and the chips were clearly store made. But the tacos were the real stars, of course. We each had a Dirty Sanchez (tacos, here, folks - talkin' about tacos), and I had a green chile pork and a Brush Fire to finish it off. The DSs were loaded with scrambled egg and the cool but tangy ranch made a great contrast in flavor. My green chile pork taco was very authentic aside from size, and had tender pork barbacoa and queso fresco. The Barn Burner's diablo sauce had a significant kick but lots of flavor, and the mango pieces provided a brief respite from the heat of the sauce and the jerk chicken filling. . Although I didn't sample them on this visit, my fellow diner had what our server affectionately called an "argument on a plate" as he delivered them: One Democrat and one Republican taco; he reported that they were delicious as well. There's a nice outdoor seating area here as well as a decent amount of indoor seating, but they do a brisk take-out business as well with it's own dedicated door and two parking spaces. Bottom line: They're not crazy authentic, if that's your thing, but they're definitely more Mex than Tex and can be had on corn or flour tortillas, along with any of several sauces. Gobble some up as soon as you can!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,8/13/2012,851,315,8,2,5>Well, first time by this place, I didn't know what the hours were, but it showed up on Google Maps under "burgers." Drove by, and it looked like an old abandoned run down, etc, etc, etc... I gave up.THEN, I went to Yelp (I'm really not sure why this was my second choice to Google, but anyway, back to reviewing), and the hours were here as well as some awesome reviews. Well now, I just HAD to try it! And I'm now thankful that God sent cows to die for us.The burgers were awesome, the fries were awesome, and when I walked in, I was blown away by how tiny, yet amazing, this place is! Really one of the best burgers.Line was out the door on the weekend, and it's not going to be the "best seasoned," or the "number one burger in Dallas," but it's certainly up there with the rest of them. The double deluxe was a great evening meal for 2, and wasn't super filling so we were able to eat a bit more at a cocktail party we were attending.AND to top it all off? Super cheap. So, in conclusion: cheap burgers, great tasting burgers, filling burgers, and great service (well, ya know... just good service all around)?We'll be back.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2012,8/12/2012,8,104,7,4,3>With ivory tiles, white walls, and a decor screaming squeaky clean, I thought I was in a hunger induced hallucination of heaven's kitchen.  I, for any and all effort, could not find one spec of dust on the floor in this small, vegan safe house for those seeking a healthy lunch in the heart of Addison's carbcarnivore culture.Although I did not expect a lunch buffet, the moment I was asked to partake, I delightfully obliged.  It is about $9.  The food is excellent and you have around 10-12 choices to pile onto your hobbit sized plate.  I visited the buffet about 5 times, but I am larger than a hobbit.  The curry potatoes and tofu dish is flavorful, as is the clear noodle dish.  The orange tofu and sesame tofu dishes had the same taste as its chicken meat counterpart, of which it was attempting to emulate.  The menu is cool in that it has some interesting options for teas and smoothies.I will definitely be back to this place either when I feel like I need to consume something nutritious or feel guilty about all of the animals I have consumed in a semimonthly review.  The name of this place could probably change.  When I drove near this place and saw "Loving Hut", I assumed it was a XXX toy store or a place for afternoon manicures.
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,8/11/2012,236,272,2,6,5>My first visit to Peticolas Brewery was memorable. I got wind of a brewery tour open to a select number of people, and I got on the list as fast as I could. The brewery is located in a very unassuming building near the Design District. Once inside, though, I saw that as small as it was, it was quite a sophisticated operation. Michael, the head honcho at Peticolas, was a most gracious and informative host. He greeted everyone that came in with a smile, and a glass of choice. They had Velvet Hammer, Royal Scandal, and Great Scot available to drink, and I went for the Royal Scandal on his recommendation. I was not disappointed...it was their lighter beer - just enough punch without feeling heavy. Michael conducted a tour of the brewery, complete with details on how beer is made from start to finish. He answered people's questions, and was very thorough. Afterward, he did the tour again for anyone that wanted it. The rest of us happily sipped on our beers. I tried the Great Scot, and was pleasantly surprised that such a dark beer was so smooth, light, and easy to drink. I am so happy that more local breweries are finally popping up, and I plan on asking for Peticolas at my nearest watering hole. Job well done!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,8/10/2012,725,843,4,5,7>I swear it was a WHOLE CHICKEN stuffed between two biscuits and topped with cream cheese, pepper jack and jalapenos.  Shelbell had one topped with honey, mustard (not to be confused with honey mustard) pickles, cheese and bacon.  Hers was better than mine but both were amazing and HUGE.The line is long--out the door long.  And the wait for the chicken biscuit is about 15 minutes on Saturday late morning.  Our thought was to get a fancy donut to eat while waiting on our chicken biscuit.  That might have worked if they'd been the size of say--Chic-fila, but they were not.  It was way too much food.And as far as the fancy donuts go, the idea of a fancy donut topped with a lot of stuff is way better than the actuality of it.  I had the Evil Elvis and it was lost on me.  All i could taste was peanut butter.  I couldn't taste the donut.  And the cake donuts were really powdery tasting.  I am a total connoisseur of the hot fresh raised glazed donut.  My ex-husband worked his way through college managing a donut place.  Trust me, I know donuts.  (And by the way, Krispy Kreme ain't a donut.)A lot of people dig the crazy donuts and love the toppings, I'm not knocking that.  It's just not my bag.  But those chicken sandwiches are worth the wait, worth the price and unless you live in Oklahoma, worth the drive.
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2012,8/9/2012,462,279,9,6,11>Let's get something straight right outta the box:  I love The Flying Saucer and I love this location of the Saucer most of all.  What's better than sitting on a shady patio, sipping cold beer and watching the lake do its thing?  Not much, I say.  Of all the patios in Dallas, this is one of my favorites.I finally made it to Tuesday Trivia and our server, Danielle, was phenomenal.  She took care of our group of 16 or so like we were a group of 4.  She kept the table full of food and beer - despite the fact that we were horrible at coordinating our requests - and didn't even blink an eye when it came time to split out our individual checks.  This is the kind of service you hope to get every single time you go out.All right, that's out of the way.  Now let's get to the ugly.  Who the fuck hired the trivia chick?!  I get that trying to entertain a bar full of drinking folks probably isn't the easiest gig in town but this was one of the tamest groups of bar folks I've seen in a while.  No one was drunk and disorderly, no one was heckling, no one was being hard to handle.  Im'ma go out on a limb and say if you don't even like people and can't hide your disdain for them, being a trivia host probably isn't the gig for you.  She started out surly and ended the night downright pissed off and bitchy.  It was painfully obvious she didn't like her job and wanted to be anywhere but there.Despite the sullen poopypants, I had yet another fantastic time at the Saucer thanks to a bad ass group of friends and a little help from the beerknurds.  I guess it's a testament to how fantastic The Flying Saucer really is that I'm not even going to hold her against them.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,8/8/2012,236,423,1,7,4>I was super impressed with Shishkabob's and wish I'd tried it earlier. It says it is a Middle Eastern buffet, but we wanted to know more specifically where the owners are from. Turns out they're Kurds from northern Iraq, which is awesome. So, Scott (previous reviewer), this is not necessarily a "Muslim environment". The food was the the stand out. What I love about Mediterranean buffets is just how many amazing vegetable dishes there are. Makes me feel like I can fill up with a truly healthy meal. Curried potatoes, spiced beans, spiced rice, salads, soups, lemon hummus, tabbouleh, pita, curry sauce, spiced rice.... and much more. As was fitting, the chicken kabobs were best of all - moist and flavorful inside, with crispy bits on the edges. Really, really good. Order their special tea, and finish it off with the cardamon spiced rice pudding. You can also order off the menu, but I didn't even look at it. The one thing that was fairly bland was the pita. The service was excellent and the place was buzzing on a Sunday lunch. It is not a new, sleek space, so don't take a first-date you want to impress. If you're looking for a good buffet, though, this is a good bet. It's cheaper than Ali Baba but with much, much better food and variety than other affordable spots like Tangiers.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,8/7/2012,3760,1373,32,21,19>1000th reviewI'm drunk off 4 glasses of Malbec wine for brunch at Rosemont.  That's over a bottle.I consider myself honorary French that I can see and walk up to two full bottles.A sparse sleek spot like your idea of Sonoma County meets Texas cinderblock 70's office building, converging in a future outer space and landing in grumby deep Ellum. Bitchy hot chicks, (thats a compliment), and pretty people that were perfectly casual behaving like special people (a rich young trust fund baby writer perhaps.) in the pristine booths and all off white color scheme of the Rosemont, a small square building next to Rudolph's Butcher Shop on Elm.Free parking but hard to find.  No signage, how hip.After a Cherrios amuse bouche, with a granola garnish, I ordered the tiny grilled cheese ($5) and focused on wine, it's brunch right?   I mean aren't  we really just drinking?The adorably perfect little stack of blueberry pancakes ($9) and the totally cute tiny waffle stack with peaches and creme fresh confirmed that idea.  Artful sculptures, with great taste to compliment your alcohol of choice.Brought to you by the owner of Local.The Dallas barometer reader: super flashy cool AND with depth.  Score.Dallas cares :  it's all white so your outfit won't clash.DisclaimerThis review was written while pretty buzzed, but edited the next day while sober,because after Rosemont I went to Hotel Za Za afterward to reach my 2 bottle French award and then I really couldn't write. I do not endorse drunk yelping without next day sober editing.Thank you.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2012,8/6/2012,105,93,5,3,4>Just came back from a great dinner at  Bolsa and it has compelled me to write a review. Yes, it was that tasty! Overall:Everything was very flavorful and fresh. Food wasn't too salty and you didn't leave hungry or sick to the stomach FULL! Some might say the portions are small but it was perfect for me. Details:Bolsa Margherita $13 - At first I was hesitant on ordering this because I usually order it at other restaurants as well but DANG! this one was an exception! The first bite I took was packed with flavor and the mozzarella was very fresh. Asparagus & Sugar Snap Pea $10 - Some of the asparagus was a bit old and rubbery but nonetheless it was a very fresh and light salad. The snap peas were extra crunchy and the olives were a perfect touch.Copper River King Salmon $25 -  I could've eaten another salmon filet if it was on the plate! The contrast between the sweet corn puree and salmon were amazing. Salmon was cooked to perfection.Wagyu Bavette Steak $25 -  Steak was also cooked to perfection. Reddish Pink, juicy on the inside; crispy, crunchy goodness on the outside. I am salivating again. Definitely would come back with a group of friends for drinks and grub. Thanks for a wonderful meal Bolsa! PS: Came here for a small dinner with my parents for my birthday. They didn't think it was all that since they don't usually eat this type of cuisine so don't take Asian Moms and Dads here.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,8/5/2012,220,341,2,15,7>It is teacher appreciation week, so I thought I would give a well deserved pat on the back to my favorite teacher!I have been going to Krama Yoga for a little over two months.  I have lost 25 pounds without changing my diet, and I feel a great since of stress relief.  I attend gentle yoga classes, and Karla teaches 2 out of the 3 classes a week that I attend.  I adore Karla's classes!  They are very well organized and I always feel like I learn something new.  I love that she takes her yoga wisdom and anatomical knowledge to help me work on building a peaceful body.  She applies sensitivity to my level while encouraging me to take risks as I grow in my journey.  I appreciate that she offers modifications and choices for the many ability levels represented...she genuinely appreciates the uniqueness of each person at every class, and I always leave feeling nurtured in my yoga practice. Karla keeps a consistent flow to the class and makes sure that we all remain focused on OUR work (instead of the progress of those around us).  She does not distract or detract with chatter, and that helps me to remain present and centered.  I also appreciate her 'hands on' approach to helping students who are struggling.  The class continues calmly and no one feels 'called out' if they are new or not getting a technique.Karla is like a good counselor since she allows the focus to be on you the student, and not on herself.  My yoga classes are the only 'me' time I get between multiple jobs, a dying mother, and other life stresses.  I appreciate that Karla keeps the focal point in the right place and acts as my guide.I have been in many yoga classes over the years, and there are some things I have learned about different types of teachers:1.  Some teachers teach to be the center of attention, successful teachers help you center your attention.2.  Some teachers teach to be worshipped, successful teachers teach as a way to honor others.3.  Some teachers need to prove they are number one, successful teachers teach without the need to prove but are student focused.4.  Some teachers teach for money, but successful teachers work with gratitude and for pleasure.5.  Some teachers need to be seen as attractive, but the BEST teachers help their students find their beauty within and nurture them to bring it out for all to see!I feel blessed to have a yoga studio right by my house that has a teacher that exhibits the latter half of all 5 statements above!  Thank you Karla for being patient, encouraging and bringing out the best in me!  Happy teacher appreciation week!
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,8/4/2012,322,339,6,3,5>Milo's is one of those rare Dallas institutions that has has not only longevity, but the amazing feat of not drastically changing over the years. The same guys that were in there drinking beer when I was in high school, uh - I mean, collage, are still there every Tuesday night.The beer is cheap and there are loads of games to play from pool to arcade games. They also play sporting events on their TVs, including soccer. Milo's is one of the only places in the Yale / upper Greenville area to actually play soccer games. The secret to Milo's longevity is maybe the cheap beer and soccer games. Hooligans do have a positive side.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2012,8/3/2012,232,63,13,17,11>There is so much hype surrounding this place (yes we all know you saw it on DD&D or in some magazine or whatever, telling us that that does not benefit anyone).  Anyway, my fiancé and I decided to get out of the house and do something so I suggested the Farmer's Market as it is a fun and interesting place to shop around for stuff. In no way did I have the ulterior motive of going to this establishment, not at all. We arrived at the market and as we were perusing the vegetable stands, "oh hey there is some squash, there is a watermelon, what kind of peppers are those?  OH HEY LOOK OVER THERE it's shed number 2, what on earth could possibly be contained within its boundaries!? I'm pretty sure that my ruse was over once we were in line for some sweet tasty BBQ. While I'm on the subject of lines, expect one. Thanks to Guy Fieri's overripe cactusy self, the place will be crowded, and every single person seems to think that you will care that they saw it on TV. We don't.  I would recommend going later in the day, around 1:30 or 2, sure you run the risk of them being sold out of a few things but unless you want to stand in line for 45 minutes, it's worth it to show up later. While we were waiting in line (20 minutes) I bought a Mexican Coca-Cola from the adjacent vendor whose food also looked excellent, but I was on a mission and my plan was coming to fruition. As we approached the counter I was a bit emotional but I managed to place our order to go:  1/2 pound of ribs,  1/2 pound of brisket,  1/2 pound of pulled pork, side of macaroni and cheese, and a side of fried okra. What, there were two of us and I wanted to try everything, they were out of sausage I can get that next time stop looking at me like that at least we didn't order the Hot Mess as well. We took it home to fully immerse ourselves into the BBQ experience and to be closer to the couch for the inevitable onset of the food hangover that was sure to follow, plus the fact that we didn't want to eat our meal in shed number 2. I will now describe the food in a somewhat random order. The sides were great, the mac and cheese was creamy with a jalapeno flavor and bits of bacon on top, real bacon not bacon bits. The fried okra had great breading and the okra was very fresh, I bet they purchase it at one of the aforementioned vegetable stands.  The brisket had a nice crust on it and was very tender, smoky, and juicy. The ribs were great, very nice crust, delicious smoky flavor and fell off the bone.  My personal favorite was the pulled pork. It was masterfully done, delicious crust, tender smoky meat that basically melts in your mouth and the vinegar sauce perfectly complements its flavor. In summary, I do believe that the hype surrounding Pecan Lodge is well deserved.  This is probably the best BBQ that I have had in Dallas, maybe even Texas.  If you can put up with a bit of a wait and the odd atmosphere it is well worth it to make a trip to shed number 2 at the Dallas Farmer's Market for some sweet tasty BBQ.
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2012,8/2/2012,256,159,,11,3>This is the Asian supermarket to rule them all. Coming from the westcoast, I was disappointed in the Asian grocery stores in DFW till I discovered this place. When I spotted the varieties of bok choy, the aisles of rice, the splendid cuts of beef, and the elaborate yet clean seafood tanks, I knew I was home. :) What's more, there's a giant frozen food section, a kimchi corner, and a food court.Their abundant selection of snacks can satisfy the pickiest Asian-American kid (still consider myself one), and are better-priced than elsewhere. Bonus: there're Asian restaurants & Yogurtland next door.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2012,8/1/2012,24,75,6,9,5>This is exactly what I have been searching for in dallas for 2 years! A real and very authentic mexican tortieria. The food is exactly what you would expect, delicious and very inexpensive.  I ordered the pastor ( pork) tacos with cilantro, onions and lime. The green salsa is amazing- dont forget to use it! My husband ordered the gringo torta and it was huge and amazing! Aquas de horchata are great too! I definitely recommend this place. Please don't be shy about the exterior and culture inside. They are very accommodating to people who do not speak spanish. Also, they take credit cards.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,7/31/2012,130,137,2,7,5>My friend and I decided to check this new establishment out last night.  I was worried it was going to be packed because it had just opened, but it was perfect!  It is in the old "Social House" location, but had a totally different feel.  You walk in and go down a steep flight of stairs (seems dangerous for a weekend!!) into a basement like area that is set up to look like an outdoor venue.  Picnic tables with benches, patio chairs, and very woody.  All the workers wore flannel or plaid, and most had beards.  It was very hipster/Austin-like, and casual.We were originally seated in an area that had an air vent blowing on us, so we went the high maintenance route and asked to move somewhere else, which they were cool about.  My friend and I had salivated over the menu before arriving so we already knew we were going to get the Mascarpone + Ricotta Pizza but we ended up sitting unattended awhile before we had to flag down a server.  I think we may have confused them with our little game of musical chairs so we didn't hold it against them.  We ordered the pizza along with a carafe of their "Red Juice" (red house wine).  Both came out extremely fast and we devoured the pizza asap because it was delish!  Very thin crust topped with mascarpone and ricotta cheese, tomatoes, and basil.  The menu said it had pine nuts, but I don't remember any.  Since we split the pizza, we both were still a little bit hungry after and checked out the menu again, but both felt it would be weird to get a salad after our pizza.  Major fail...we were both kinda sad we didn't order a salad before our pizza.  The chopped wedge looked amazing!  Our waiter was very nice, and whenever we had a question he went to check because it was only his 2nd day.  He informed us that they will begin serving dessert, brunch, and opening the upstairs bar in the next few weeks.  I look forward to coming back to check out brunch and a few other menu items that caught my eye!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2012,7/30/2012,197,107,3,8,3>I love me a good burger, and this my friend is a good burger. We went here around 1230pm on Saturday and the line was out the door. Took about 20 minutes to get to the register and place our order. It was definitely worth the wait.I love how inventive their burgers are. You can chose from a variety of meats - beef, chicken, lamb, veggie, turkey, and bison. If you get beef, they will ask you if you want the patty cooked red, pink, or no pink in the middle. We like our burgers medium so we went with pink.I couldn't resist the Napa burger. It had a few of my favorite things: arugula, oven-roasted tomatoes, gorgonzola cheese, and basil garlic aioli. The beef patty was juicy and the flavor of this burger rocked my taste buds. My hubby always gets the Nooner burger with American cheese, Applewood-smoked bacon, ham, hashbrowns, and a fried egg.  The crispy hashbrowns and the ham really made this burger stand out. My daughter ordered the Baby Bella. It came with queso blanco, sautéed baby bella mushrooms, basil garlic aioli, and an onion ring as big as the patty. The burgers we ordered were so different from each other and yet they all tasted delicious. The onion rings were huge, and the sweet potato fries were great. I read that they are opening up a full service location in Keller Springs and the tollway, and looking into locations such as Plano and off of 75. Come to Plano and bring joy to this foodie's heart!!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,7/29/2012,255,323,33,34,11>You know how you preclean your house before a maid comes?  You do an even better job when you're trying to keep a surprise party secret.  On top of that, when I was out "shopping at Home Depot" (I was really picking up 62lbs of crawfish) my wife was cleaning the kitchen, unaware that I had hired The Maid Place to come out later in the morning to clean the house before her surprise party.  She only THOUGHT she had cleaned the kitchen.  After The Maid Place left, it was really clean.  My contractor grade, generic white counters were brighter than I've evern seen them.  My sink gleamed like the diamond I bought for my wife's 40th birthday (the one that for the same money could have replaced my shitty counters with granite--sigh.)There has been burned on gunk immediately around my burners that I have tried, unsuccessfully, many times to clean.  Gone.  Dusty blinds?  Fresh and clean.  Baseboards, ceiling fans, toilets, sinks, the whole shebang.  I was very impressed with The Maid Place!  The ladies were professional, friendly, and on time.EDIT: Holy shit!  I just noticed that they cleaned the inside of my fucking oven!   It's preeeeetttttyyyyyyy.
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,7/28/2012,113,96,6,6,3>Bellini's is in a little known tucked away corner of the world... But the food there is like sex in the back seat of your Mom's station wagon, or on the hood of your Dad's '65 Corvette! The tiny strip parking lot and modest patio with faded red and yellowish white lettering would most certainly turn away any pretentious uptowners... But a wise man once said, never judge a book by it's cover! You enter this place to see a big bar, tall columns, wooden walls and enough memorabilia to have you believe that it used to be a Shenanigans... But once you get down to it, the food speaks for itself. Our waiter was an eccentric older man that greeted my girl and I with a handshake and a wine menu. That wasn't enough to sell me but then he brought out a soft freshly baked sour dough bread that tempted my tastebuds for a good appetizer to start things off right. We started with the crab cakes which are two lightly seasoned, crisp balls of real crab meat that were a hit to me like all 32 flavors at Baskin Robbins. The entire time my glass of Pinot Noir had me in it's velvet grip and begging for more... Then the meal came.I was brought a steaming plate of angel hair pasta, grilled chicken and shrimp, all bathing in a nice diablo marinara. If you truly take the time to analyze the sauce it'll most likely bring back memories of your great grandmother's home cooking. Bellini's is the James Dean of Italian restaurants. Only somebody who really takes the time to understand Bellini's potential can then understand its fullest expression. Be sure to stop in and tell Lorenzo, Jared sent you.
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,7/27/2012,207,393,29,5,4>I don't always like smellin' like a sweaty goat's ball sack, so the occasional pleasant poultice is nice too. I went in with the ball-and-chain, high-maintence GF who has more "product" in *my* shower than Walmart has in their inventory. She just had to find the perfect Dead Sea Salt Pinky Toe Cuticle Scrub Infused with Unicorn Tears. While I was trying to stave-off a migrane from being barrated into differentiating Cantelope+Kiwi+Rain Forrest Elbow Balm from Lavender+Cinamon+Sunshine Earlobe Polish ("SMELL IT!"), I did manage to rub the water from my eyes long enough to notice they have stuff for dudes. I found some shavin' stuff and Bath Junkie could could make it smell manly. Dirt? Got it. Cut Grass? Yep, that too. So it's not all fru-fru. You could find some stuff to splash on to cover up the Strange before you do the Sunday Morning Walk of Shame, leaving some skank's apartment. They even had to stuff to spray in your toilet pre-dookie to make your turds smell like cupcakes.
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,7/26/2012,246,193,10,5,5>I liked it all... That's about it.Deviled eggs - apparently they switch them up here and there.  The night we went, they had a little piece of pork on top and a blueberry.  Odd, yes, Yummy, hell yes.Next, I had a little pig.  My date had the other pigs.  So juicy and flavorful.  Totally would blow a house down for that!  Little fried onions on top... a light and tangy bbq sauce.  Soft buns.  Yea... maybe I'd do more than blow a house down.For dinner I got the pork tenderloin.  It came with grits and a little apple salad.  Very fancy lookin, perfect portions.  I ate it all.  The pork was cooked very well and not dry at all.  I loved it times ten.My date got the salmon.  It was not from Texas, but from Alaska.  We made fun of our waiter, because he went through the whole - local local, local talk - Sorry, but Alaska is far, right?  Anywho - I tasted it, and again, delectable - but in a healthy way.And then the cake comes.  And then the cake goes in my belly.Whiskey Cake, I thank you for both.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2012,7/25/2012,144,106,3,7,4>If you are looking for an authentic place.....THIS IS IT!  The couple that owns this little gem is from Argentina and truly make the food with love. The best part I love about this place is how they don't use salt or sugar.  Instead of salt, they use olives and for sugar they use raisins, which is the authentic way of making empanadas. My favorite is the Texas Brisket and the guava and cheese for dessert.  The guava and cheese is a bit rich, so I'd suggest splitting it in half with someone (but that's just me). The breading/crust is also thin yet crispy, but at the same time, it doesn't taste greasy unlike other empanadas I've had before. As a bonus: the owner is truly appreciative of social media such as YELP! He said that without social media, people wouldn't know about his restaurant as much. He takes the time to explain how empanadas are different when deep fried or baked. (Hint: Deep fried is actually somewhat healthier than baked! Baked requires more butter/lard in the recipe)Support this local little gem EMPA MUNDO in Irving! You'll regret it if you live in the DFW area yet never come here!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2012,7/24/2012,372,222,11,16,13>Food - 4/5Service - 5/5Price - 5/5Atmosphere - 4/5Best Dish: KatsudonI keep finding gems in Irving!First and foremost, don't just judge the restaurant by the looks of it -- the location isn't attractive and the shopping center its in is pretty beat up.Hanaki is definitely deserving of 5 stars for lunch. With your meal, you get a plate of salad, a cup of miso soup, the entree, and a scoop of ice cream. All for under $9-10. That is a downright steal. I usually get the katsudon but I've also tried the super white tuna, heart attack appetizer, fried river crabs, octopus balls, beef bento box, miso ramen, and oyakodon. Pre-mealSalad: Just your regular salad with house dressing. Usually for lunch, most places only give you salad OR soup. Hanaki goes against the grain and gives you BOTH.Miso Soup: Very tasty and always warm. A good pallet cleanser.Heart attack appetizer: These were delicious, a blend of a bunch of sauces and spices.Octopus balls: My friend, Tim L., ordered these but I wasn't a fan--I guess I'm not a big octopus guy.Fried river crabs: To be honest, these were a little frightening for me to eat but they were very flavorful and crunchy.Main mealSuper white tuna sushi: High quality fish, good size, and nothing was too overpowering.Katsudon: My go-to dish at Hanaki. The egg is cooked with your pork. Amazing. I can eat this dish everyday.Oyakodon: Decided to mix it up one day and got chicken instead of pork. It was solid, but the katsudon is definitely superior. The egg, however, is also cooked into your meat. Again, amazing.Beef bento box: Not bad. If you aren't a big fan of tempura and/or fried vegetables, I would suggest ordering something else. The meat is good and I love the rice.Miso Ramen: Not the greatest ramen I've had, but it does the job. You can tell the noodles aren't homemade and the broth is lacking a little flavor. But for 8 bucks, it leaves you satisfied and fills you up.Post-mealIce cream: Its free! What more do you need? The standard is vanilla flavored but you can pay a little extra for the green tea ice cream.I haven't gone to dinner, but there's no need to. Lunch is where it's at.
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2012,7/23/2012,610,180,,7,4>Garlic Chive Fries, White Truffle Parmesan Fries, & Zucchini Fries!  Oh my!Those were the 3 types of fries my friends & I ordered in our trio of fries.  Man those went fast.  We thought that basket would feed the 4 of us but we should've ordered 2 of those babies!  The zucchini fries were definitely my favorite.  I had the the Blue Burger to satisfy my love for blue cheese.  Too bad it was just okay.  The meat wasn't THAT flavorful and I really couldn't taste the cheese.  The meat however was very tender!  Everyone else was raving about their burgers.  The turkey burger seemed like a hit but I didn't get a bite.  Guess I'm getting that the next time I come around!Just a tip - don't forget to order your burger on a wheat bun for you health nuts!  My favorite part was their homemade ketchup!  They had 5 different kinds - one of which is the habanero which you have to ask for because they hide it in the back.  It definitely is muy caliente!  My favorite was the green tomato one since it has a hint of sweetness.  I also like how they have a full bar.  Too bad service was kind of slow when it wasn't THAT busy.  The burgers were definitely better than Village Burger Bar in my opinion but not the best in town.  I'll definitely be back!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,7/22/2012,1812,527,3,6,7>I instantly gain 10 cool points on my status as soon as I step foot on the patio. Coffee is as complex and beautiful as the finest wines in the world~ Oddfellows gets it!  most places serve rubbish, they craft the art of coffeeGo ahead and Roll your eyes at the glorified baristas, exotic coffee and preoccupation with catchwords like single origin cup, chemex, & Pulped Natural,  all you want is to be here.  And when it comes to processing and brewing methods, the quality has never been this high.  Yes I am a total "coffee Geek"  the vibe lingers and the beat goes on here- fresh local ingredients, brightly painted white wood paired with wooden pallet construction, laid back servers, chef that knows food culture! this is a solid choice to dine. Did I tell you they serve biegnets!
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,7/21/2012,266,298,4,7,4>I am a big fan of Sunset Lounge for many reasons:1. Friendly staff...bartenders, door men, and valet are all laid back. In addition Shawn, the owner is very personable and appears appreciative of the business2. It is not the most spectacular looking lounge in DFW, but I would argue it is one of the best because it isn't pretentious like most. It is simple but nice. 3. If you get there before midnight, it considerably slower, and you can hold a conversation with one of the great bartenders or dance with your group of friends. However, after 11:30/Midnight it amps up and the dance floor becomes full until they close it down. I like that I can have the best of both worlds.4. The music.....others mention they don't like the variety, but the variety is what makes it enjoyable. I appreciate early in the evening the DJ plays a little more 80s/90s and as the evening becomes later, he plays more hip-hop/dance tracks....once again, best of both worlds5. The outdoor patio is heated and gives you chance to escape the music. It is a great place to hide out with your friends, so you can talk. 6. Now this may seem silly to mention, but I'll note it anyway. The restrooms are nice and well kept throughout the evening...at least in the mens :)7. No cover...and I am a male and I have never experienced a cover8. The crowd is mixed before 11:30....it becomes younger later. I will say due to the music it is very diverse which is what I appreciate!Things that could be improved upon1. Parking: it is true that their parking is a rip off as they have a dedicated parking lot that you should be able to park in for free. I wonder if it was free if more people would come out and make up the difference for what they are not receiving in valet $5. I don't know, but to be honest...the trend in Dallas now is valet....begrudgingly, I have come to accept. I have not parked in the neighborhood, so I can't speak to the safety; therefore, I can not recommend it.2. Drinks are on par with most other Dallas lounges...the only issue I have is at those bars you have true mixologists who are making more complex drinks which you wont find here, so I think prices could be lowered a little bit. I am a bourbon drinker and they only carry basic whiskey...no upscale bourbons like at other lounge venus.With that  said, Sunset is my "go to" like Tori T. said. There are far more pros than cons and the basic lowdown is it is a great place to grab a drink, get your groove on, and have a good time with friends!
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2012,7/20/2012,895,667,8,14,10>Craving a beer and beer lesson at 11am on a Saturday?  Then go to the Franconia Brewery.  We arrived at almost 11 on the dot and there were about 30 people waiting outside to do the tour.  At 11, out walks Dennis.  He gave us a few rules before we began the tour.  You pay $5 (bring cash) and can also opt to buy a take home glass for $5, which I did.After everyone pays and gets their first beer, the tour starts.  It lasted about an hour.  You learn all about his German style brewery process, and I'm simply amazed that he only uses 4 ingredients to make beer.  We did a bit of the tour outside, which was nice because it was a little warm in the brewery, but the doors were open so we'd get a little breeze every now and then.  We ended the tour in the cooler, which was pretty refreshing.Dennis debunked some beer myths that make me never want to drink an American beer again.  Kidding.  Sort of...  : )After the tour is over you are free to drink as much beer as you want.  Hooray beer.
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2012,7/19/2012,386,130,4,8,5>The reason for the stars? Price, food, service. What else can you ask for? Maybe some fireworks. ;DI came here with a group of work friends. We were seated promptly with little wait. So, here's the break down. One, If you are in Texas, there is a interesting thing called Tex Mex...it's here, so get used to it. :PTwo, prices are decent. Lunch ranges from $7-9 and dinner ranges $8-13 with grilled platters up to $25 (only one item that is $25 and has tons of meat).Three, I got the Taco salad and I asked specifically for a light dressing and no meat, beans on the side. I am watching what I eat, because I want to be healthier. It came out exactly like I thought it was going to come out and I had no trouble. The others got nachos (looks hearty with meat and cheese), tacos (didn't look too interesting...just tacos), fajita plate, and another taco salad. Came out fast enough and looked quite appetizing. Go...Now...Happy Eating!
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,7/18/2012,105,217,4,6,3>The Bears had not been to a real "gastropub" before, but since we knew personally one of the bartenders, we definitely had to check it out.  It's a cozy little place sandwiched in between other bars/restaurants, nail salons etc. at the northeast corner of Preston and Frankford in far north Dallas.  Parking seemed adequate.  They have an outdoor patio which serves as the "smoking section."  A couple of pool tables are just inside along with with several tables, a band stage, and a large bar.  TV sets of various sizes all over the place, with various sports events displayed.We sat at the bar and looked over the huge menu.  They have some fabulous tap selections featuring Irish and Belgian ales, along with several others I didn't have room to sample.  I could hardly believe my eyes when I saw Arrogant Bastard Ale on tap - wow, what a drink.  Mrs. Bear had the bartender's favorite mixed drink - something with the F-word in its name - but it was delicious.  I had one A.B. and a Harp lager, and that was enough for one sitting!The abundant delights of the bar are enough to justify visiting this pub, but the food is also of considerable merit.  The Black Angus Beef 1/2 lb. hamburger was outstanding - probably the best pub burger I've ever had.  They put green leaf lettuce and paper-thin slices of tomato and purple onion on the burger, which were a definite plus.  I also appreciated that the french fries weren't dripping with oil and were in fact quite dry and crispy.  Mrs. Bear had the cold-cuts plate with 4 or 5 different cheeses along with pastrami, Italian ham, two kinds of fresh crackers and apple slices.  She loved it but the portion was huge - definitely a plate to share with one or two other people.  Seriously!We definitely plan to be back.  They feature a weekend brunch and open at 7:00 AM on Saturdays, but unfortunately they don't serve any coffee as of the date of this review; otherwise I'd have given them 5 stars.  I simply cannot have breakfast (or brunch) sans coffee.  It just ain't natural!
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2012,7/17/2012,608,438,11,13,13>My buddies and I decided to give this place a shot since we thought the original location was still going through renovations due to the tornadoes that blew through several months back (by the way they have reopened since 5/21, the same time this location was open to the public).  We thought it to be strange that they would open up a restaurant inside the Grand Prairie Municipal Airport and thought it would make for an interesting experience and it surely was.  For those that have been to the original location you know that the interior looks like a cheap looking dive.  The new location is a total 180 as it is brightly lit with plenty of sunlight.  Instead of walls there is a sheet of glass facing the landing strip so you get the view of some of the planes that call this place home as well as pilots learning to take off and land a helicopter while you dine.  It's definitely a unique sight while you eat.  However, the most important part of any restaurant is the food and I am happy to say that the food here is the same awesome stuff that you would find at the original.  In other words, LEGENDARY.  I've tried the turkey, chicken and traditional burgers and they all rock.  Throw in some "mix-ins" to your burger and you'll have one of the best tasting burgers you'll ever bite into.  All your choices are cooked IN your patty for a flavorful explosion for your taste buds.  They also offer 4 different types of season, but I would suggest the Patty Shack Seasoning over the others if you're going to go that route.  I would say that everything on the menu is top notch except for maybe the home cut fries.  Not sure why, but they remind me of the regular Five Guys fries, which I don't find impressive at all.  However, the curly fries are legit and remind me of the seasoned Arby's fries.  The old fashion onion rings are noteworthy as well.  We went during the first week of operation so there was clearly going to be some growing pains and we expected that.  The servers are funny and friendly and even though they were a bit slow it didn't make our experience worse.  I would still prefer the old location over this one as it feels a bit more appropriate to have a restaurant called Patty Shack in a..well..shack.  However, this doesn't change the fact that you're going to have a great experience here at the airport.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,7/16/2012,188,317,6,14,9>The first time I went to Lucia, Owen Wilson was sitting outside.  He didn't make a reservation, so he had to sit at the "first come, first serve" outdoor table.  I was sitting inside enjoying my dinner and felt a little bad for Owen as we watched him through the front glass window.Here's my tip to Owen Wilson and anyone else interested in dining at Lucia.  Go to the calendar on your phone or computer, create a new reminder on the first of the month, set the reminder to go off that morning to make a reservation for the NEXT month.  Seriously, that's the only way you are getting in during a peak time.Before you ask yourself why you would go through the trouble, here's why, it's worth it.  Every bit of it.Each time I've been to Lucia has been as good or better than the time before.  The unique ingredients they use will open you up to new experiences you may have never thought about trying.  Lucia easily gets 5 stars from me.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/26/2012,7/15/2012,166,221,4,8,9>Southern Fried Chicken is the Latest Trend among Chefs now and Sissys is one of Dallas First Spots.Its been Open for a Couple of Weeks now but i am now just getting a chance to Check it out simply because i don't wanna wait in line to eat anymore. I made reservations recently and it wasn't as busy as the opening but still a pretty decent crowd. I read a few reviews about the place before going so i kinda had an idea of what i was gonna try.The Decor is interesting, Country kitchen type of setting and has both indoor and covered patio/outdoor dining which is beautiful on a Spring/Summer Day. Most of the Patrons were actually Women for some reason. They have a Full Bar and some interesting Cocktails and a pretty extensive menu and the servers were dressed in a Country type Uniform which could only remind me of the Wild Wild West.I Started out with the infamous Deviled Eggs which didn't disappoint. I mean anything that has Caviar on their Eggs will definitely get my attention. I had a Cucumber cocktail(Perfect for this Spring weather we are having in Texas) and then decided to Order a Bucket of Chicken (For Two of us, Big Mistake), It came with the option of Slaw or Mashed Potatoes , I ordered the Mashed Potatoes and Collard Greens, I wasn't too impressed with the Mashed Potatoes and The Greens were still bitter and needs some Southern Touch to mask that bitter taste to perfect it but it was fresh and decent. The Chicken was Pressure fried and tasty but lets be honest , Its Fried Chicken so its not anything new that you are tasting but its a good idea to order a bucket for a group of 4 and then do appetizers. I managed to eat 3 pieces and i was in Food Coma but managed to save room for Dessert which was well worth it. I ordered the Bread pudding and my friend had the Milk and Cookies which i must say Dessert made me give the 4 stars and i actually think i am better off just coming in next time for some appetizers , cocktails and Dessert cos i won't be missing out if i don't ever eat Fried Chicken again. The Bread Pudding melted in your mouth, i could taste cinnamon and several other spices in it and the Cookies had large chunks of pecan in it and to top it the Milk was spiked with Brandy and probably more alcohol making it the Sweet and pleasant Surprise of the day.I see a few more interesting items on the menu which will make me explore Sissys a few more times to get an overall picture of their Cuisine.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2012,7/13/2012,549,363,11,13,14>Could Taco Joint get any better? For a long time, I've said "no way, Jose". Well, guess what, Corey and Jeffrey have found a way to do it.How, you ask? Lemme tell you.1. This locale is open 7 days a week. Sunday TJ breakfast. IMAGINE.2. This locale serves margaritas. Good ones too!3. This locale serves beer. Dos XXis!4. This locale is open for dinner. You know you want tacos for dinner.5. This locale is BIGGER with lots o' seating. Booths! Tables! Bar seats!6. This locale serves bloody mary's on the weekends. (I don't like bloody mary's but that's cool.)7. This locale is close enough for me to walk to. (aww, not you? Sorry 'bout 'cha!)You know Taco Joint, now meet Taco Joint's cool new cousin that's just opened. Come. Eat. Drink. Love!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,7/12/2012,98,160,7,9,5>Someone was thinking when they built this place. They clearly knew a patio is a big draw and knew they had to capitalize on this, especially in the image-conscious Plano. A patio with nice chairs? And a roof? With ceiling fans?! Even if you never set foot in this restaurant and just spend your time sitting in traffic on Preston Road in front of this place, you have to admire the effort the owner is taking to make you forget about the ghosts of the defunct Kirby's Steakhouse that undoubtedly haunt this place and probably pose for pictures with tourists now that their old home is a Tex-Mex establishment. But if you are one of those people who never steps inside, you'll be doing yourself a grave disservice as the food, atmosphere and overall experience deserve to be enjoyed.Things got off to a rocky start when we went in and I recognized the hostess but couldn't remember from where or why. College? Jury duty? Random (unfortunate) experience at a party? No time to think because there was some tension in the air between us so I quickly convinced our group to sit in the bar hoping, like most any other establishment, the tables in the bar were self-seating. They were! Score! Of course, this means I caught a brief glance of the dining room to the left upon entering but it looked nice (tables, booths, no distinguishable fault lines in the foundation, etc.).To the right when you walk in is a waiting room that leaves plenty of room for standing, along with a few seats and some additional seating in the bar area (also to the right). You get the idea this place could accommodate a 100-name wait list and they'll probably have the chance to find out. The place was packed at 5:30 on a Sunday night and when we left at 7:30, we had to use a compass, flashlight and a flare gun to navigate our way through the crowd that had formed.Off of the bar is a small back room, which will undoubtedly be referred to as a "man cave" by the buzzword-savvy and a "back room" by the rest of us who are no longer in 2009. A huge TV sits in there, a huge fireplace is built into the wall on the left and a huge room of additional seating spans the length of the bar in still another room behind the main bar area. There's a lot going on in here, no doubt, and the bar was the place to be.Let's start with the food since the odds are good you're going here to eat as opposed to walk around and look at the decorations (which are really nice, actually). Chips and salsa are promptly delivered and while none of us jumped at a margarita (which I'm gathering they are known for), you better believe some beers were needed to counter that spicy salsa (these also were delivered promptly, so score some points for our server). The menu is deceivingly big with something on there for everyone. The ambiguously titled "Mexican Dinner" checks off a lot of boxes (enchilada, taco, tamale, etc.) but the Pollo con Hongos I ordered was joyous: poblanos, mushrooms, onions, etc. atop grilled chicken that demanded I order another beer (and who am I to turn down that demand?).And I'm proud to say dessert also followed in this path of deliciousness. They called it "Coconut la Palapa" but I'm going to refer to it from now on as "bliss incarnated." Even if you somehow cannot stomach coconut ice cream like one member in our group, you will find your spoon magnetically attracted to this dish, heedless of the powers of attraction it will have over you, like the sports car you can never possibly own or the supermodel who will never date you (only in this case you can own it and- no, you still can't date it but go with the analogy before we both realize it fails).Also, if you're into that tableside guacamole stuff, I don't think this place will disappoint. For one thing, a guy pushes around a literal cart of tools and supplies to literally make magic alongside wherever you are sitting. It was quite entertaining to watch......and we had time to watch. Our poor server had inherited the entire bar area and they were slammed. Service definitely could have been a notch up but our guy gets a medal for not snapping in the mass of people far too important to sit down at their own table (you know the kind - soccer mom with a drink that has more color than her hair hastily dyed and roped back in a ponytail through her baseball cap).But don't let the crowds or the iffy service scare you away. I'm convinced the service was a one-time deal (the crowds, not so much but so what? I look at them as free entertainment). Stop in and see what the fuss is about because once word of mouth gets going, this place is going to be big.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,7/11/2012,51,148,2,4,3>Maybe you like certain chain restaurants that specialize in Middle Eastern fare and serve it buffet style and you're like "Oh man, is this middle eastern food? I love it!" Well, you're wrong.  You're eating some watered down version that is sorely lacking in authenticity and quality.  I've been searching far and wide for more options while I've been down here and a friend of mine who is from Lebanon swears by this place.  The schwarma is AMAZING (I'm a big fan of chicken but my husband tells me the beef is good too).  It's juicy, flavorful and - I am hesitant to say it, but I will - some of the best I have ever had.  The tabbouleh is so lemony and fresh! The hummus has a roasted quality to it that I don't generally encounter but enjoyed, the rice is just what you're looking for and the bread is fantastic.  The first time I was there we were served toasted squares of pita bread with some kind of spread that I could pile schwarma on top of and was floored.  It practically changed my life and I wish I was kidding.  I know crave this combination.  I haven't been able to cram any baklava in my mouth by the time I'm done feasting on chicken schwarma, but I've had friends say it's delicious.  One day, I'll pause in my revelry and try to remember to try it.  Until then, check this place out and enjoy.
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,7/10/2012,263,343,,4,3>Wow, a great cocktail lounge in Dallas,  words that rarely go together.  I judge a bar by how good they make two drinks, an Old Fashioned, and a Gibson.  If you can do those well, it's a good place.  The Old Fashioned was the best I've ever had, and I've had them everywhere.  The Kobe meatballs were good and I liked the menu.  How often do you see Sweetbreads in restaurants?  It's a little outside of my bubble, but I'd hoof it over there for a three-martini lunch.
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2012,7/9/2012,0,566,10,23,8>There are only four rules at Saints & Sinners:1. You don't talk about Saints & Sinners.2. There is a $5 charge for whining.3. You must partake in the sacred ritual of the "Hot Towel."4. You don't talk about Saints & Sinners.Seriously though, they have something nice going on over there at S&S. I'd been wanting to get a Dallas Mavericks championship tattoo (my third piece of ink) for a while now, so this place popped out to me because of their glowing reviews and vicinity to my house.Shortly after walking in to get a quote/appointment, David greeted me and was very friendly and helpful. I brought in a design of the Larry O'Brien trophy with the Mavs logo (A.K.A. "The Time is Now" shirts) and wanted to get it on my right calf. David pointed out some size adjustments that needed to be made (because of some intricate lines) and said he could even do it that day. But I set an appointment for a couple days later.When I came in for my appointment, he was just as nice as the first day. We talked a bit more about the tattoo and I made sure the temporary one looked good. An hour and a half of (moderate) pain later, I had an awesome-looking piece of art. It had great detail and he even did some shading effects to make it look better than the original design!WARNING: If you get a tattoo here, you'll receive one of the aforementioned hot towels after they're done. It feels like molten lava for a couple seconds, then flows into pure bliss. It also helps the healing process.Only negative I can think of is the price, which I didn't know the exact amount until after the work was done. It was a bit high for my liking, but then again it was a pretty big tattoo and the work was very high-quality.So! Now that I've broken three of the four rules (I whined at home later), I will now commit to returning to S&S in the future to make amends.
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2011,7/8/2012,102,37,15,27,4>I never imagined myself being locked in a place for almost an entire day...maybe because I'm more of an outdoor-sey person.Nonetheless, I went for a friend's birthday party where we stayed for a day...yes, 20 hours of hot steamy sauna. Lucky for me, I sweat waterfalls so I figured this would prob be my workout for the next couple months and would get me a head start on my 2011 weight loss goals. Unfortunately this is what happens when you have a group of Asians tempted to maximize our deal...general admission gets you in for 24 hours. King Sauna has a lot of unique and relaxing rooms to offer. Some of my favorites were the Salt Room, the Ice Room, and the super hot Fire Sudatorium.They have a pretty good mix & different levels of intensity. If you're looking just to relax and not sweat your butt off, they have the Aroma room and the Oxygen room which is light. If you want something a little more intense that gets you sweating, the Pyramid Room and Crystal room are good to try. And then if you're feeling a bit more adventurous or just can't wait to start sweating, the Bul Ga Ma and the Fire Sudatorium is the way to go. Warning** The Fire Sudatorium gets REALLY hot....it is hottest in the morning when they first prepare the room. My first time in there left me squealing like a little girl after the first minute. And usually I can't stay in there for more than 10 minutes. But maybe it's just me...Usually right after I get out of the Sudatorium, I like jumping in the Ice Room (which feels like a freezer), just to get both extremes...although I'm not sure if it's the healthiest of ideas. Please consult your doctor before doing this. In addition to the different Sauna rooms, they also have a restaurant that serves Korean food. Honestly, I think the food is overpriced -- quality isn't all that for what you pay. There's a ton of Korean restaurants so much better I could recommend to you right in the area. But if you're there for the long-haul...you're bound to get something to eat after you sweat so much. Staying overnight really makes it for an interesting experience at King Sauna though. There's lots you could do. For me, I brought my laptop and work there since they have free wifi. When I got bored or tired, I watched the game on TV or went to their theatre and watched a movie. Feels just like home, kind of. The only complaint I had? When it finally hits 12:30am and everyone starts to doze off..You'd be surprised how many people stay overnight. And if you're a light sleeper like me at a place you're not accustomed to, you might come out of that place with a new-found bitterness/hatred towards loud snorers. (No offense to anybody out there, I myself snore)Other than shaking my fist at the loud snorers that seemed to occupy EVERY room of the place, the only other thing I would say is be aware your bill can rack up pretty quickly. It's so easy to spend $ there whether it be on food, massages, or extra amenities. They just make it so convenient and you never even have to keep track of how much you've spent so far since it's all logged onto your key!Bottom-line: Know your budget and try to stick with it, enjoy the great sauna rooms they have, relax :) , and if you have to stay overnight -- bring some earplugs!
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2011,7/7/2012,40,149,3,4,3>Let's keep this relative, I love this place but it is what it is. A breakfast/lunch spot that is relatively cheap and convenient to those of us who are in downtown and don't have a ton of time. The food is above average but not out of this world. It is a very simple place that sometimes is a bit on the greasy side. With that said, I would recommend this to most of my coworkers and would also suggest just getting the daily special if you are not a picky eater. The "unburger" (turkey burger) is great and so is the portobello sandwich. The service was great but I swear they could do a much better job of keeping the tables/floor clean.
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,7/6/2012,304,217,2,9,6>I am picky, picky picky when it comes to getting my nails done! I can't help it.... I have to wear that nail polish for a couple of weeks and I want them painted correctly (no polish on skin, no streaks, etc) plus, they need to be super clean so I don't fear infections. I am a mani/pedi regular. I can't sit still long enough if I try to do it myself, plus they never look as good.I had a mani (shellac) and pedi and this place is good enough to make me not feel bad for cheating on my regular nail lady. PLUS, FREE COCKTAILS! ......Did you hear me?? FREE COCKTAILS!!  Not cheap free cocktails either, Grey Goose, Skyy Vodka, martini's, wine - I'm excited again just writing this. I wish I would have known this before going in on my lunch break. For some reason, I don't feel comfortable going back to work after a cocktail so I will have to go back again (and again)Next mani/pedi I'll grab a bff and head there in the evening for some relaxation mani/pedi (I think they also do facials and massages) and stay the day!This is my new favorite nail salon (sorry old favorite nail lady if you're ready this...I still love ya but Onyx has stolen my heart!)p.s. The guy that owns this also owns Sushi Axiom so no wonder its so nice inside. I was wondering how a nail salon owner was able to afford this really cool place. I was beginning to think I was in the wrong business!Best Nail Salon in Dallas - gets my vote!!!
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2012,7/5/2012,61,125,3,4,3>I have a strong feeling this place is going to become my new go-to.  Don't get me wrong - I'm still a loyal and diehard Holy Grail Pub fan - but my recent move is demanding a closer hangout.  I was very impressed with the aesthetics of Sundown.  Very casual, very comfy, very warm, very inviting.  The wood plank walls in the back are GORGEOUS.  Great variety of seating including a big family style table and these sweet little seating areas that are arranged in perfect circles with vintage comfy-cozy chairs...very conducive to conversation be it a group or something more intimate.  The patio area is pretty kick ass with quality cushioned seating and a toasty street side fire pit (in case the alcohol - or your date - isn't keeping you warm enough). I do reccomend that they turn the lights down a bit...again...just in case the alcohol isn't doing its job.  I'm a sucker for specialty cocktails...and these guys definitely came up with some interesting drinks.  The Jefferson Airplane was delightful!The only disappointment I had was the beer selection :-(  I guess I'm so spoiled to HGP that I was hoping for something a little more.  There aren't very many draft selections in comparison.  The menu isn't split into draft/bottle...so you have to ask.  That's a little annoying.   Maybe in time there will be more draft options...I've only been for drinks a few times - looking forward to trying out the farm to table grub.  I've got high hopes!P.S.  After visiting a few more times for drinks, I have come to the conclusion that the cocktails are very inconsistent.  Last night they were all entirely too sweet (I tasted 4).  Also...the service was AWFUL.  Hrmm....I'm rethinking my 4 star review now.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,7/4/2012,384,355,2,6,4>Went to TABC for dinner last night because A) I had a Groupon, B) the weather was nice.  Much to my surprise, the Monday night special was   half off most entrees. Dilemna- use the Groupon (which was not eligible with nightly specials) or get the half-off special and come back another night for the Groupon?!  Not a bad problem to have, if you ask me!We went with the half-off specials and got the Chicken and Dumplings for myself, and the Blue Cheese Stuffed Tenderloin for the man.  We also split and order of Truffle Oil Mac N Cheese, which was not half off. NOM, NOm, NOm!! OMG- the Mac n cheese was literally the best I've had in Dallas (maybe the best anywhere!).  No lie!  It came with chunks of bacon, cherry tomatoes, and asparagus and the truffle oil made a yumilicious flavor!My Chicken and Dumplings were killer!  It wasn't your traditional soupy fare.  It was a rotisserie style chicken breast on top of doughy dumplings in a tasty white gravy sauce!  Holy cow- this was so delicious!  The man thought the tenderloin was pretty good for the price.  No Nick and Sam's tenderloin, but darn good nonetheless!The patio was perfect for the nice weather and there were several TVs for the man to watch Monday Night Football on.  It's nor really a restaurant but more of a bar with excellent food!  The beer and wine list is great, as well. The price was especially good for the Monday night special.  I'll have no problem going back to use my Groupon!
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,7/3/2012,320,143,7,4,4>Easy charm is the Parkit Market.It's Saturday night and that undeniable molecule of excitement and splendor is arching in the air.  Departing Desperados ... salty lime delight on my tongue,  I get lost in promises of a bright future from the limelight of the Parkit Market window.  Being a Saturday night, I had a high expectation to select the most perfect drink for  maneuvering to the next party.  Hmmm, this looks to be an average place, but as I shop, the man behind the counter transforms into a helpful, soulful, and fun man.  He assures me the bargain bin wines are solid. As I read the labels for truth, he is correct, they are fabulous wines marked down to less than $5.  Hmmm, but I thirst for beer, and am feeling sentimental for my ancestors and choose an ice cold Natural Light, as was my grandmothers beer of choice.  Realizing I wasted about 10 minutes of the good man behind the counter's time, I figured he would be taken aback and annoyed by my purchase of a lone Natta' girl, but instead he rings me up with a gentile caress of the cash register and delicately wraps my wholesome can of heritage like a rare jewel and says, "fine choice, please come back again."! YES Parkit Market, I am yours.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,7/2/2012,159,174,2,4,4>I will write an update later when I actually visit Swig as I only went to the Gin Mill which is the bar located directed in the back. This place is the old Park restaurant/bar and Bar Celine location. I was already a fan of the old establishment and I guess they just changed owners.The decor of the Gin Mill has not changed from the days of Bar Celine. It's a flashback to a 1920s speakeasy joint. I guess the difference is the music selection and the drinks. I can't remember if Bar Celine ever served craft drinks but it seems that Gin Mill specializes in them. My particular favorite was a drink that my friend ordered. I believe it was the Aristocrat. It's a combination of gin, cucumber, basil and cranberry juice all of which were quite refreshing.Drinks are around the $10 range so its not cheap but it is a pretty chill place if you have a small group of friends that want to change it up from the standard pubs that are located a little further down Henderson. I will definitely go back to the Gin Mill again and try out Swig.
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2012,7/1/2012,155,143,,11,4>Thank you happy feet for making me very happy! Not only did I not have to wait long but the place was clean, service was great, massage was amazing and it was all for $25. Yes it's true $25! They do your whole body massage for $25. I had Eric and he was wonderful. They first soak your feet into a warm water while they start on your neck and shoulders. Once that is done they massage your head and face. Then they massage your hands and arm. Then they take your feet out of the water and massage your feet and legs. After that they have you laid of your stomach and they massage your whole back. That takes up one hour and then they have you walk on beans and rocks. Note: makes sure you wear loose clothing so that they can massage you better. I will make sure I come here once a week!
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2012,6/30/2012,132,558,5,7,5>Sunday, open noon to 6pm... drive on up and check it out. I suggest this place for a medium to large dog... great concept. $16 bucks for a rinse, shampoo and conditioner isn't bad at all when you get to walk out with your perdy pooch! Also, they clip nails while you're there too... So, take large dog, place in tub and use the leash to connect them. Turn on water, nice and warm to wet dog... turn knob to shampoo and it comes out of the sprayer... wash pooch, rinse again... turn knob for conditioner... rinse repeat. Then comes the interesting part for the dog... cause not all dogs like that dryer. Good luck... My baby DID NOT like it... my bad. On a side note, if your a moron and can't clip your own dog's nails... for god sake, let these people do it for you. I arrived to blood all over the place because an owner had cut his dogs nail WAY to short... horrible for the dog, DO not do that, leave it to the pro's! They also groom for you... but I did the self service.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2012,6/29/2012,686,887,12,10,7>Do you like vietnamese banh mi? How about wingstop fries? Oh, you do, DO YOU? O_o then you're going to love this place!!!!! After the deep ellum brewery yelp event. Me and other yelpers made our way to Uncle Uber's sammich shop. It was a first time for us all. I had a shaved ribeye sandwich, fries and their spicy ranch dip. OMG, that dip was addicting!!! just get it and eat it with your fries. No ketchup necessary! My sandwich was good, too! it came out piping hot, cheese all melted and you do not need to wait for people to get their sandwich before you eat yours here. Just go ahead and eat yours first!!! best eaten hot!!! That sandwich was so good I was thinking about it the next day!!! If it was legal for people to marry food. I would so marry this sandwich. Oh, Marry me shaved ribeye sandwich. :D You will make me happier than any boys ever could!!! hahaha nom nom nom
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,6/28/2012,44,77,3,6,6>A few years ago, you just couldn't find a decent cocktail in this city.  Watered-down, over-priced, and yawn-inducing, Dallas' drink offerings were mediocre at best and seemed to revolve around endless variations on insipid vodka-tinis.  This undrinkable dreck was almost always made with Grey Goose and, inexplicably, almost always contained Midori.  Gross.  Then came the cocktail revolution and we were liberated. Now it seems a gentleman can't walk in a one block radius of Turtle Creek without stumbling into the latest "social".  It takes a lot to stand out from this crowd of trend-jumpers, but happily Tate's does. We were prepared to write the place off after our first visit on a Friday when we were ambushed on the front steps by a be-sunglassed (at 10:00 p.m.) hair-gel jockey who crudely intimated in some frat-bro pigeon language that the establishment was at capacity.  At least that's what we guessed he was trying to say, it was hard to get past the peppering of "dudes" and grunts that made up his particular dialect.Perturbed but not defeated, we went back a week or so later, this time on a Monday night to find it blessedly deserted.  Judge a bar by its old-fashioned, I always say- so we did.  I've noticed a recent trend of old-fashioneds being served excruciatingly sweet.  I suppose this is to cater to the ever-present SMU blond hair sorority brigades that roam wild on the killing-fields of McKinney avenue on Friday and Saturday nights.  Well, I'm here to report that Tate's stands athwart this ruinous trend and yells "STOP!". Lusciously prepared with Old Overholt Rye, and a cinnamon-sugar dusted rim, this one was a sparkler. A symphony of booze, it only possessed a hint of orange and sugar to add a fine balance.  Pleased so far, we sampled a few of their house cocktails.  I was wary of the fig Manhattan.  It threatened to be sweet, syrupy, and cloying, but at fist sip I was pleased to find it wasn't.  The house made fig syrup was just under the too-sweet threshold and provided a great contrast to the Bulleit Bourbon.  I could drink these by the bucket-full.  Our next libation, the Eternal Flame, really needed to be extinguished.  While it sounded intriguing, this strawberry-Jalapeno infused tequila and ginger beer combination just didn't work.  It was billed as a margarita, but wasn't even in the same zip code flavor wise.  Too sharp, too disjointed, it was the biggest disappointment of the evening.We ended with two classics- a Sazerac and a Gimlet.  Both were outstanding examples of what a great cocktail could be.  The Sazerac, made with cognac and rye, was rich, strong and whiskey-laden, just like I like it.  It had the faint taste of cinnamon that a proper one should have and forced me into a moment of repose.  The gimlet, with Hendricks gin and St. Germain was heavenly.  I look forward to sitting on Tate's fantastic front patio this spring and sipping this perfect warm weather drink.On a separate occasion, we tried a couple of the dishes- the nachos and spinach artichoke dip.  Both were tasty, if not wildly creative versions of those standby's.  We did appreciate the sort of deconstructed gazpacho salsa that came with the nachos.  Chopped cucumber, jalapeno, tomato and cilantro gave a fresh zing to a serviceable dish.  The location is primo, and well appointed.  The front porch is great for people watching, and they have thoughtfully provided blankets to wrap up in on chilly evenings.  Our bartender both times, Kristin, was awesome.  Friendly, and funny, she was an expert at drink crafting.  So, thank you Tate's for standing up for principles- so few places actually have them these days.
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2012,6/27/2012,47,155,2,12,6>We've been twice now are are very happy with this new restaurant.  We still haven't sprung for the more expensive steak or seafood entrees and, given what we've had so far, we may have already found our favorites, making it hard to not get those dishes again and again.  I'd get both of my orders again (1) the Louisiana Street Grill salad with candied pecans, apples, and the optional grilled chicken is just the right mix of healthy and indulgent and (2) the burger (just wow).  So, here it is in pros & cons:Pros:1) They have their own, well-lit parking lot2) It's located near downtown, over by where the vintage shopping is around the Flour Mill.3) The renovations are very elegant - the concrete floor was stained, glazed and scored to look very expensive, they put in so many windows that a lot more natural light is coming in than you'd realize until a cloud passes by and the light seems to dim, they didn't scrimp on tables and chairs - very pretty and comfortable4) Wait staff is extremely attentive.5) They are open to substituing on orders and changing orders up - for instance, we orded the baja chicken but didn't want a sandwich so they served it without bread and made it look like that was how the dish was envisioned.  Really good job on that.6) For the burgers, they make their buns fresh every morning. It was pretty obvious that the bun was fresh so I asked and the waiter said he loved coming in in the morning and smelling the bread baking.  Good buns go a long way towards making a burger great. 7) Love the pepper in burger.  Very black peppery.8) Excellent house margarita.  9) Beautiful bar (though we haven't sat at it yet)10) Interesting dessert choices.  Given the fact that their burger is a 1/2 pound we didn't manage to order a dessert but I did ask what they were.  They have sundaes.  They have others like lava cake, cheesecake, you know ... the standards. But a sundae ... we are going to have to just to have a dessert. 11) Very affordable.  Except for the seafood and steak entrees that run from $17 to over $30, I think all of the other menu choices are under $10.12) They have one table that has real, cushioned chairs like you would sit back in to just talk (as opposed to typical straight-back chairs you usually use for dining).  I don't think it was originally intended to serve people there but I actually prefer it.  It just seems really cool and I bet it is going to be really popular.13) This is a family business with deep ties to the community - I always prefer an original family-owned business over a chain.Cons:1) While I love the burger, it's huge.  Not everyone can eat a HALF-POUND of meat in a sitting.  I'd love to see them offer some variations on their burger - like a senorita-sized patty weighing in at 1/3 or 1/4 pound.  Neither I nor my husband could eat more than half of our so we essentially ate one dish between us there and took another home.2) It's an old building so it's going to get loud quickly.  It happens in all of our historic buildings here so I don't know what you can do about that.  It doesn't take many people for it to start getting noticeably loud.3) The servers are trying so hard, I'll be glad when they relax a little and have more confidence.  So far, they've done a bang-up job but, at the moment, they've got a bit of a co-dependent vibe.4) Salt & pepper on the tables would be a very good idea and the burgers don't come with mayo on them.  We asked our waiter to bring out mayo on the side and it looked a bit like salad dressing.  Everything else is so good, spring for real mayo and make it part of the dish.5) Not really sure that it is a con but table seating is the only choice - no booths.  Booths might be nice (but I can see where it might officially turn the place into a bona fide pub)Neither a pro or a con, they don't have sidewalk seating yet but it looked like they were working on getting some tables and chairs out there.  That is going to be absolutely killer when they start doing it.  They don't play music inside but they do on the sidewalk/patio.  I like their music choice (leaving the first time Homeward Bound by Simon & Garfunkel was playing) and I love the feel of this part of the District.  It's in some serious transition so it has a little bit of a historic industrial area feel (which, technically, it kind of is) but you can see the traffic on McDonald from the front sidewalk/patio and, during the day, you are looking down Louisiana Street to the square. I'd especially recommend this place for:1) a nice evening meal for a couple or friends2) a casual date night3) ladies taking in the vintage sales offered by four local stores on alternating weekends just across the street (Treasure Spotters, Fringe, House of Hargrove, and Old Red Lumberyard)This is a nice place, elegantly done, but people come in dressed just normally.  I even wore shorts this last time (and I wasn't the only one).  Kids seemed to fit in just fine.
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/26/2012,75,47,10,9,10>I gorged myself into a blissful fat-bastard style at Hanasho. GET IN MY BELLY! Even Sushi Chef Yuji Suzuki was astonished that we ordered too much, but we showed him by completing the meal fit for the last samurai. I'm going to have to place this joint in my top 5 Japanese restaurant in the DFW. Don't just go for the mediocre sushi... be adventurous here.SUSHI1. Spicy Yellowtail Roll, Spicy Salmon Roll, & Unaki Sushi - nothing special out of the ordinary, yet still amazing and fresh.2. Super White Tuna, Hamachi (Yellowtail), & Red Snapper - excellent, even though it wasn't thick-cut slices.3. BLUE CRAB ROLL- I should've ordered 3 rolls of these. I couldn't get my mind off of these all night. Don't make the same mistake I did. (Letting out a big sigh)4. We had Chef Yuji make us a special spicy something. Off the menu and something he never made before. He made a sashimi dish mixed with super white tuna and salmon. It had a fiery kick with a korean pepper paste sauce. Whatever it was... it was BOSS.BEEF1. Beef Tataki - not what I expected. The (wagyu?) beef was very thin and small. I was embarrassed for the cow... it was good, yet, I wanted it thicker and it was on a huge bed of onions. I won't be getting this again.PORK1. (Forgotten Name) There was this special written on the dry erase board. The name escapes me, but it was a thick cut pork belly squares (x2 at 1"x1"x1") in this amazing brown sauce. The pork belly was steamed in Heaven, I assume. This dish was SUPER SMALL for $7.. They should have these on a sushi boat with just this stuff...I'm just saying. FISH1. Hamachi Kama - Yellowtail Neck Bone - Seared and salted perfectly. The meat was tender and the skin was crispy. The ponzu sauce was next to ordinary, but still good and very well-made.SOUP1. Soyu Ramen - We finished off with something hot and savory. The ramen was absolutely fresh. The broth was something I wanted to bath in and drink at the same time...Ramen hot tub. Hrmm, might get gross though. It was a great finish to the meal.I WILL DEFINITELY BE BACK... SOON.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,6/25/2012,41,68,5,8,4>Best fajitas I've ever eaten. I don't say this lightly. I love my mexican/tex-mex food and I have a few places I really love, but NONE of them have fajitas like these.Their Angus beef and tender chicken are marinated in a pineapple/lime marinade. I have no idea what else they put it on the meat or in the marinade but whatever it is, it is fantastic.The beef is the real star. It was so tender and cooked perfectly. The flavor literally explodes in your mouth. The chicken was very good too, but it doesn't match the beef.When you combine these factors with the delicious homemade tortillas, fresh guacamole, pico de gallo, sour cream and cheese you have something very special.The fajita meals also include chips and salsa, both made fresh in store, refried beans and rice. Quality ingredients all the way around.If you're ordering with a friend go for one pound of meat. It sounds like a lot, and it is, but if you try to get away with ordering a half-pound, one of you is going to stab the other with your fork trying to get the last of the meat. You may laugh now, but you won't when one of you is licking the succulent remnants of fajita seasoning out of your fork wound.I do want to note that this should qualify as a $$ instead of $, but it is worth every penny.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,6/24/2012,1025,261,8,10,5>Nice Zoo!I didn't know what to expect when I ventured to the Dallas Zoo. A lot of people kept saying "the Ft. Worth Zoo is a lot better", and "the Dallas Zoo is awful"..but I live in Dallas, and didn't feel like driving to Ft. Worth on my day off, so I decided to hang out at the DZ (I'm glad that I didn't listen to all the negativity too!).I noticed that there is a DART stop right outside of the Zoo first of all (convenient!). When we went in, it was just like any normal, nice zoo. It was clean, they had a lot of animals..I'm not sure what more some people want from a zoo. I'll go over the highlights:1. The giraffe feeding is pretty cool, even though $5 for 3 leaves of lettuce is a bit steep, but it's for a good cause.2. The gorillas were awesome! Patrick was in rare form..posing for pics. I swear that he turned his head and looked at us when my girlfriend called his name out!3. When you go into the restaurant, the lions always seem to sleep right next to the cool glass...an awesome opportunity for a close up pic!4. The Koala walkabout is a little overrated. They have 2 koalas, and some kangaroos and wallabies...it's OK, but don't get too hyped up before seeing it.The staff was very friendly and informative, the monorail ride was a little corny, you can see everything that you see on the train on foot anyway.I definitely would recommend this spot on a nice day!
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2012,6/23/2012,160,285,7,6,5>A new place that just opened up in the HMART complex.  My friend had told me it was created by the same owners of DSS, so I wasn't expecting much.  Maybe a hole in the wall, karaoke joint.NOPE.  This place is NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICE.  That nice with 21 i's.  I felt like I was walking into some sort of palace restaurant.  Simple menu with korean foods and appetizers.  Lots of alcohol, but I only indulged in some weird fermented rice alcohol concoction.  Like Andy P., I didn't go upstairs, but the stairway looked really nice and I bet the place upstairs looked really nicer.  Probably the really nicest place on Earth.They have some electric golf driving range in the back, so if you are into that, take a few whacks drunk.Anyways, this place is cool.  Did not expect it to be what it was at all.  And with that ambiguous statement, I recommend.
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2012,6/22/2012,973,92,32,31,32>Its tough to find a good diamond in the rough BBQ place in Dallas. Sure you got your Spring Creek and Rudy's here but family owned Mom and Pop restaurants always have a special place in my heart. Located next to a gas station, this place is not the biggest restaurant, but their service and food more than makes up for it. They will come by often and check to make sure you have everything u need to enjoy a good meal and more.The food itself is great as well. Their speciality, the FAT JAP, is a must try on your 1st visit. Jalapeno, pulled pork, bacon, and cream cheese...........enough said. Some of my notable eats here would be the pulled pork, ribs and the staple mac and cheese. All on their sweet BBQ sauce. Yum!  Didn't get to try the chicken but I will on my next visit. Feeling adventurous? Go try Fat Cow!
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2011,6/21/2012,180,156,5,12,5>I'll admit that I was a bit skeptical about trying a Vietnamese restaurant that was in this area because we all know the good places are in Garland, Richardson, or Arlington... until now!The place is teeny tiny but very cute. The menu is also small but let's be honest, when it comes to Vietnamese food all you really need are banh mi sandwiches and pho anyways. Eggrolls were delish, although I'd be happier if they were a little bit bigger. The pho broth was perfect and it comes with a good amount of meat. Must try: Korean banh mi-- a hybrid of banh mi meat toppings and kimchi. In a nutshell: authentic, quick, clean, trendy, a little pricey but it's about right for this restaurants in this area.
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,6/19/2012,334,106,8,6,5>I don't have gym membership, but my friend did, so entrance was granted to me using his buddy pass. Too bad it's only a buddy pass. I won't get free access to the gym for another 2 months or so. My first impression of this gym is WOW! It's 2 stories of what every gym should have -- makes me want to sign-up for membership. Tempting, but my apartment complex has a gym inclusive to rent and I'm in no position to spend money on something I already have.The gym is sectioned off for different types of work-outs. There's a big room specifically for cardio, one for weight lifting (and believe it or not, the weight lifting section is also sectioned off for different types of weight lifting with it labeled on the ceiling), a stretch/warm-up, and there's also a basketball court. I am for sure there are more to the gym than what I'm listing here, but there's so many I can see in my 2 1/2 hour visit. The bathrooms are amazing, and that's an understatement. Talk about walls of clean towels, sinks that have their own soap, lotion, hairbrush, hairdryer, mouthwash...phew. That's a mouthful! Not only that, but the bathrooms are constantly cleaned and maintained. It's perfect. It's a bathroom my ideal gym should have.Oh, and did you know when I was using the "yes/no" machine, the most sexual machine in the gym, or the better term, the thigh adduction machine, I spotted Mark Cuban working out his abs just right in front of me. I was a little thrown off guard, but I gotta remind myself that I'm at an expensive gym smack in the middle of the one of the most popular areas in Dallas. My friend that granted me his buddy pass says he's a regular, so don't be surprised to see Mark Cuban when you're here!
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,6/18/2012,2329,510,9,13,8>Beauty Bar...I don't know much, but I know I love you. First off, this place is not for everyone but if you: 1. Like to Dance 2. Don't like cover charges 3. Appreciate a big patio, try it out. DJ Sober plays everything from 80's pop to electronic to pop. One of best DJs around!I would not recommend this for a date, but I would definitely recommend it for a fun night out with the girlfriends.Lastly for the girls, this is my only warning: THERE IS ONLY ONE INDIVIDUAL BATHROOM. So either tinkle before you come or be prepared for a line. On the bright-side, it is usually pretty clean.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2012,6/17/2012,213,499,6,12,5>I can be pretty judgmental sometimes about places I've never been to before.  I'm always happy to be proven wrong though!  My husband wanted to try this place for months after it opened but I was sure it would be horrible so I never agreed.It is usually realllly dead at dinner time, but apparently gets realllly crowded at lunchtime with all the people who work at the shops nearby.  In fact, one time we went to eat dinner really early, like 5:30 or something, and they couldn't serve us banh-mi because they were out of bread from the lunch rush.  They were actually out of a few things we tried to order.But once we got our food, they redeemed themselves.  It's mostly Vietnamese stuff.  My husband is a fan of their pho, we usually get the eggrolls, the vermicelli dishes are ok (but in general those aren't my favorite thing to order anyway) and I have become a big fan of their Pink Lady Rolls on the appetizer menu.  They're just your basic shrimp spring rolls (or is it summer rolls technically that are the fresh-not-fried ones?) with mint, vermicelli, and pickled veggies inside.  Their peanut sauce isn't the greatest ever but it's pretty good when you get a little of that and a little of the fish sauce to go with it.It is definitely pricier than driving out to another area of town but for us the convenience is worth it since this is just right down the street for us.  Ooh, and they have really good jasmine iced tea.  If you go to Yumilicious your receipt will have a 10% off coupon for Crimson (and vice versa I think) so save your receipts!So, I'm not saying this is the best place to go for Vietnamese food in DFW but we do frequent it because it's pretty good and really convenient for us, so four stars from me :)
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2012,6/16/2012,608,886,3,11,9>What can I say about LA Burger?  There's already been so much said about this great place, but I do want to reiterate how awesome it is and how it's nothing short of delicious and flavorful!  It still amazes me that this concept of Korean fusion food is still somewhat new, but it's definitely catching on quickly and I hope that THIS will be the decade for the rise of Korean cuisine.  There's so much to like about the LA Burger: fried kimchee with a fried egg? Dang that's some good stuff!  And the Korean dweji tacos? They really do PACK in the meat and the flavor is out of this world.  They give you two corn tortillas open-faced with the meat, cilantro & onions, and sauce. Oh, and a lime to spritz for a little acid and punch.  It's priced very well: 3 for $4.95.  If you go to any other Korea taco place or food truck - they're usually $2 per taco..now that's pricey!  It's almost as if you eat one, you KNOW exactly how much it is and you think...oh man, I just ate a tiny taco worth $2!  Well, not this place!  You only think about how GREAT it tastes and how you should have ordered another trio of tacos. (fyi, if you don't want the sauce, just ask for your meal sans sauce. I like it because I like sauce on my food, especially because it's sweet and spicy...it's delicious! Ask for some on the side so you can at least try it and know what it is for future reference)Onto the kimchee fries...oh so flavorful with the kimchee, meat, onions, cilantro, cheese, sauce. . .it's a never-ending party in your mouth, what more could you ask for?  And last but not least, the Seoul Dog.  A hot dog bun with contents of a beef frank, bulgogi, and kimchee.  Are you serious? meat on top of meat and kimchee too?  That's some serious stuff.Staff is very friendly and the owners were present.  It's nice to see the owners actually in the store, talking to the customers, taking orders and suggesting menu items to customers.  The restaurant is well kept - clean and plenty of seating.  Napkin dispensers at the front, ketchup bottles and other stuff where the soda machine is.  And the girl at the cashier is so cute!  I heard her say thanks, bye, see you tomorrow! Haha so original.  Normally people just say thanks, come again or have a nice day...but she says See you tomorrow!  And maybe she will :)
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,6/15/2012,226,292,7,6,7>Finally!Despite the fact that I regularly sleep less than a mile from M&M, I hadn't made the trip in until Sunday (when fighting a gnarly hangover). I'd heard the stories, both good and bad, about the food, the service, the management, etc. Since it's easy for people to get caught up in dramatics, here's EXACTLY how our trip went:1PM: Walked in to a packed house and waited in line to order our burgers.1:05PM: We order our food, fill our drinks, and start looking around for a table to open up - as per the instructions on the door.1:07PM: Table opens up, we go to sit down, Jack asks us what number we have on our receipt as another couple was eyeing the table. We have the earlier order, we get the table. 1:08PM: We give said couple our table since we wanted the bar seats instead and they opened up. All are happy once again.1:12:PM: Food has arrived! A cheeseburger w/ grilled jalapenos cooked through w/ fries for gf and a hamburger w/ grilled jalapenos cooked pink and tater tots for me. It is heaven. Slightly charred meat, piping hot, crisp onion, pickles and lettuce. I take a break from devouring half the burger to try the tots. They have a slight hint of onion and a perfect crunch. I'm suddenly a 4th grader in the school cafeteria again. . .grinning like an idiot. The slightly grilled fresh jalapenos start to give me a warm feeling in the back of my throat. My hangover is gone. I am happy.1:20PM: Jack asks how we're doing. I'm still grinning like an idiot and gf mumbles out 'It's f*cking amazing' before diving back into her burger. All semblance of self-respect on our part is gone. Jack smiles and goes about his business.1:30PM: Our baskets are empty, minus a few drops of beef juice and grease. We slide out of our seats and walk out. Jack smiles at us, thanks is for coming and it's business as usual.Nothing fancy about the food or the service, but it was done right. I'm a fan and will be back. I'd happily recommend Maple and Motor to anyone. Being the super cool guy I am, I immediately tweeted my experience and Daniel W. informed me that they'll be opening up a taco place on Wednesday. Hell yes.
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,6/14/2012,541,525,27,13,12>Please do not read this review.  It contains no useful information nor will it entice you to go to this restaurant.  It's terrible.  The food is awful and the service is some of the worst I've seen.  Just to make sure you don't go there, its in the old Hula Hotties location in the OC and its BYOB.    The inside is not cute or homey.  The live music on Friday and Saturday is not enjoyable.  The menu looks gross and the fact that the server became my new BFF didn't do anything to help the cause. She was too friendly and we had way too much in common, don't you feel sorry for me?  Since we had to order, I ordered the Chicken Parmesan.  The homemade tomato sauce that apparently has been past down through generations should have been thrown out a long time ago.  The salad it came with had this vinaigrette dressing that I'm hoping they never serve again.  I accidentally spilled it all over my body and didn't lick it off.   MP ordered the Manicotti and licked the plate clean only because he hates to waste food.  I even tried to take a bite and he growled at me.  You see, this place only brings out the worst.  Oh and the homemade rolls with fresh garlic.  Forget it.  When we left I figured I should take some traditional meringues because I mean, the display case was screaming at me.  So I took home 5.  Lay off me.  Just because I became BFFs with all the people that work there (they are all family) doesn't mean you need to subject yourself to that kind of hospitality. Overall, we will probably not be going back because its convenient and about the only Italian place in the OC.  Not to mention that everyone that dines there are regulars and so super friendly....to be honest, the place makes me sick. Ok, I guess you should go and at least try it. Or not, whatever.  I don't care.
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,6/13/2012,88,90,5,10,6>Ate at Local this weekend.  Food, service and ambiance was all good-to-great. For starters, I had the seared Hudson Valley foie gras on home-made texas toast and the wife had the lobster cake.  The foie gras fell closer to good than great.  I know it's rich, and generally served sparingly, but the balsamic glaze + strawberries + toast really muted the deliciousness of the rendered duck fat.  My wife loved her lobster cake though, and although she didn't share, I'll take her word for it.For entrees, I had the lamb loin and my better half chose the scallops.  My lamb was great: cooked medium-rare and flavored with a bit of rosemary.  Polenta was creamy and delish.  Wife's scallops were awesome (she shared this time).  For dessert, we had 2 scoops of ice cream - mint chocolate chip and graham cracker + cream cheese.We loved the restaurant space, which fits right into the vibe of Deep Ellum: exposed brick with some of the original paint/advertisement that adorned the west wall, and otherwise interesting art adorning the space.Service was good too.  Our waiter was generally knowledgeable about the menu, other than not being aware that one of the flavors of ice cream we originally ordered off the menu was actually no longer being carried.  My only other minor complaint had to do with the how empty my wine glass was.  I was drinking it by the glass and the first was empty when my food arrived.  I don't like to have an empty wine glass in front of me, especially when I have food too.All in all however, it was great.  Would highly recommend it for a nice date.  Wish I lived close enough and could afford to be a regular!
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2011,6/12/2012,85,165,5,8,7>Chito, will you marry me? I think I'm in love. We weren't expecting this to live up to the hype, but, if I may be so bold, I think this is the best discovery we have made on Yelp thus far! First of all, don't be deterred by the fact that it is subdivided with a gas station. When you are inside the restaurant, you cannot tell whatsoever. It's not one of those sketchy restaurants that's essentially attached to a convenience store, as I had originally feared. Our meal started out with complimentary chips and salsa. The chips were hot and fresh, despite the fact that we were there for a weird 3:00 lunch. The salsa was a little spicy for me, but had a nice flavor. I ordered a chicken tostada (THANK YOU LAURA K.!!!), one steak taco, and one al pastor. I cannot properly explain the deliciousness that was my tostada. Moist, shredded chicken, cool lettuce and tomatoes, a generous layer of refried beans, deliciously fresh queso fresco, and melty drizzles of sour cream atop the most perfectly crisp and flavorful corn tortilla I have ever tasted. The tacos were very good- $1 a pop- fresh, hot corn tortillas, chopped onion, and cilantro, garnished with cool lime wedges. I would think 3-4 of these would make a meal depending on your appetite. In addition to a couple of tacos, my fiancee ordered what I consider to be the most delicious thing I have put in my mouth in quite some time: the steak and cheese gordita. HOLY EDIBLE PERFECTION!! It consisted of some kind of fluffy, pillowy tortilla pocket thing which was lightly browned and stuffed with melty, cheesy, steaky goodness. I will definitely be ordering a gordita next time. Friendly, efficient service. Total check: $17 for: 5 street tacos, 1 gordita, 1 tostada, and 2 Diet Pepsis. Yessss! We will be back...probably very soon, and probably very often.Tip: Pay at the register when you are done eating. We sat around for like ten minutes waiting for our check before we finally figured out the drill.
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,6/11/2012,514,437,4,10,5>I've found my go-to place for Korean and Japanese food when I move back to Dallas!  This place is inexpensive AND tasty. I got the Korean BBQ bento box, and it came with a good portion of ribs and rice and a couple of side dishes.  If you like salad and tempura sauce, you should definitely ask for more, but because I paid under $15 for a pretty good bento box, I'm not complaining!Their rolls are also a very good size.  California rolls are standard price, but it seemed like every other roll on the menu was a few dollars off compared to most sushi restaurants.  I tried a few pieces of their Volcano roll and Firecracker roll, and both were really well made (and really spicy).Can't wait to go back for more!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2012,6/10/2012,385,149,,8,5>My wife and I went here about 3 weeks ago. We had a reservation for 830pm at the "chef's table". We arrived about 10min before our reservation and the hostess said the people at the chef's table we still working on their entree and they will get us in as soon as possible. We didn't have an issue with that since we had a over night sitter for our kid and we didn't have any where to be, so we got a round of drinks at the bar. About 20min later the hostess came back and said the people are just now finishing their dessert and it should not be too much longer. This is when they offered us a free appetizer for our wait which was a nice touch. They did offer us a regular table if we wanted to get started eating, but we had our heart set on the chef's table and I have been thinking about it for the last 2 weeks. We probably waited about 45min in total before we sat down at the table. The "Chef's Table" was a great idea. It is like a bar attached to the open kitchen where you can see all the cooking (magic) going on. When we eat here again this is were we will sit. It was just great seeing all the food being made. There were about 6 seats at this table and we had 1 waiter just for that area, so he was always around and if we had any questions. The waiter was super nice. We even talked to the chef a couple times and even some of the other waiters came over and made sure we ok. The food was amazing. We started out with the free appetizer which we picked the ONE crab cake. Sure is was like $11.00 normally, but it would have been worth every penny. It looked perfect on the plate and it felt perfect in my tummy. There was no filler and it was all lump crab meat. It even came with 3 dipping sauces and we tried all of them. I believe the sauces were a tangy one a sweet one and then a horseradish one which I really liked. My wife had the seafood stuffed trout and I went the special of the night which was Butter poached lobster with a 8oz fillet and grilled asparagus. We also got the adult mac&cheese. We shared everything, but mine was finished first. It had the best thing I have eaten in the past 2 years. The lobster was cooked perfectly and melted in your mouth. I wish I could eat that every night. The fillet was so tender I didn't even need a knife. We didn't get a dessert because we were already stuffed. Kenny's Wood Fired Grill is my new favorite restaurant and I have a feeling it will be for a while. I will be eating here again for our anniversary and probably my birthday. I wish I could eat here at least once a week, but that is definitely not in my budget. So remember....make a reservation for the "Chef's Table" and enjoy all the amazing food. I hope you end up feeling the same way I do about this place. I would also like to thank everyone that made our night special and something we both will remember for a long time to come. It started with the hostess when we got there and ended with the hostess when they called us a cab to take us back to our hotel for the night. Great Job everyone and I hope to see you all real soon.
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2011,6/9/2012,325,161,5,6,5>Trailer park goodnessImagine going to a bar set in a trailer. Think of what the decoration would look like. Yep, some hub caps on the wall. The mandatory velvet Elvis painting complete with fancy frame. On the shelves, all sorts of ceramic mugs, including my favorite, a breast shaped cup. It makes me feel like a kid again just thinking about it. The bartender was funny and knowledgeable, we had a quick chat on how to make a great Old Fashion, ignite the citrus! For this Monday Funday, my friend and I discovered so much. I discovered that there was indeed free parking in Lower Greenville and she discovered a new drink. Who would have thought that a shot of Jameson and pickle juice chaser would really be that tasty? I can see the appeal of Single Wide, not pretentious, great music and good drinks with decor by Dolly Python.Find a seat and park it!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,6/7/2012,193,345,7,9,6>I'm coming up on my 2 yr anniversary at YS so I guess it's time for a review.  What I love:the instructors - it's not super cheesy yogaspeak, you'll find classes are taught by cool chicks you'd have a beer with after class. They do a good job of getting you to a place of focus, but without feeling like you're missing out if you're not into "the land of enlightenment" - and sometimes they say "ass" :)the facility - aside from being upstairs from Gloria's which makes it REALLY hard to choose yoga over mojitos on those gorgeous patio days, it's in a great location with a parking garage. schedule: if you are an earlybird, they have a 6 am class, if you work from home like me you can slip in at noon, or you can go after work (several options). morning classes on weekends if you like to get your sweat on before brunch, or and afternoon if you slept in.workshops: there is always something new to learn or add to your practice, and all levels are always welcome. Or if you are new and nervous, there are beginners' workshops to get you comfortable on the mat. I did yoga at 24 for a few years before joining a "studio" but lots of people come in new off the street and do just fine! community: I don't go to yoga to make friends (kinda hard when you're sweaty and wearing stretchy pants) but you do see the same faces a lot when you go regularly. Most of the yogasport yogis are friendly and chatty and there aren't too many "yogasnobs" showing off the in front row. Also, there is a curtain over the mirror so you are focused on how you feel in alignment and not how you look compared to the person next to you. the workout: I have been going regularly (3-5 days a week) for over a year (that first year I was hit or miss...) and I have yet to "plateau" or get bored. I sweat through my clothes every class (either 60 or 75 minutes) and can definitely feel it if I take off a couple days and go back in. If you like being sore and pushing yourself, you get that opportunity here. RESULTS!: I lost 15 lbs just doing yoga last year (over a period of a few mos, not overnight) For the people who say "I like yoga but I need cardio, too"  I dare you to give it a shot. It's not all "naps and stretching" as my dude likes to say. My heart rate is up 5 minutes in and the heavy breathing doesn't stop until the lights go off (That's what she said)Things you should know - you do need to bring stuff with you, or you can rent it (mats, towels, etc) so check out the site before you show upthere are restrooms and changing rooms, but there's not a shower (or many mirrors!) so don't plan on coming in the middle of your work day unless you can go home first they occasionally do a new members deal, so ask before you pay the drop in rate! it may be worth it to commit to 30 days rather than paying for 2-3 classes
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,6/6/2012,144,157,6,8,6>This place is the sh*t!  And if you know me you know I don't make that statement lightly.I was with a group recently who had made their way to Deep Ellum after midnight, when my wife expressed a pressing need for food. I spotted Serious Pizza, and knowing the near-magical power that pizza has to reinvigorate the weary and/or slightly-inebriated barhopper, suggested we make our way there. I was fully prepared to find it to be an establishment banking its fortunes on the limited food choices available to such late-night patrons, and trading mediocre slices for cash.  I could not have been more wrong.My first inkling of this came when I saw the enormous pan holding their large pizza - a monster sufficient for a table full of revelers. The next inkling was when I saw the fridge behind the counter which included some American classics like Schlitz and 40 oz.-ers of Olde English 800, and - wait for it - coozies for your 40 oz. bottles!  Yes...40 oz. coozies.  Such a simple and yet elegant idea I have never before seen put into practice (and which could easily have changed my life...20 years ago).The pizza was delicious (I had meatball....MMMMmmmm), and the single slices are massive.  The rest of the party shared the Deluxe, and could not have been more pleased.  I spent the remainder of my time at Serious Pizza that night munching my cheesy deliciousness and sipping a Schlitz with good freinds, and all-in-all feeling pretty good about the world in general.  It really is amazing what a good slice can do for you.  And a good drink with it doesn't hurt!
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2012,6/5/2012,290,376,4,16,9>We've been hankering to check out their Sunday brunch, so that day finally rolled around.  Luckily for us, we arrived shortly before 1100 and all the crowds.  We were the second party seated.  Yay !!The selection on the long brunch tables was simply incredible.  Let me cite all the offerings in the order they're displayed:Antipasto - Various meats, peppers, olives, cheeses, etc.Desserts - Chocolate chip cookie, brownie, lemon bar4 salads - Tuscan, Chopped, Pasta & Original HouseFruits - watermelon, cantaloupe, strawberries etcPizza - 4 different kinds, with options changing as they were replacedPasta - Lasagna, Penne with Marinara, Meatballs, Chicken AlfredoProtein - Tilapia, Fajitas, Bacon, SausageBreakfast stuff - Pancakes, Toast, Eggs, and an ENORMOUS Omelet StationEverything we tried was excellent.  The salads were all very fresh, crispy greens.  The chopped salad was my favorite with real shreds of Parmesan.  I am a fan  of their famous House salad (just plain ole Iceberg which I enjoy) drenched in their made in house Italian dressing.  Yum.The Tilapia was surprisingly pretty darn good; light, moist and wonderful flavor in a lemon-y butter sauce.  Of course, loved the variety of pizzas we tried from a simple Pepperoni to one with everything from the kitchen sink on top.  That marvelous thin crust is still one of my favorites anywhere.Yummy moist tender meatballs with lots of well seasoned sauce.  Tender chicken fajita meat with onions, peppers, etc. Very good!Although overstuffed, just had to try that Lemon Bar and it was scrumalicious !We ate slowly, savoring every bite; rested for a short span of time, and went back for a morsel or two of something else.  $15 brunch with bottomless mimosas, and we drank our share in the 100 or so minutes we were there (Yep, we dragged our visit out as long as we could!).  Balvino, our server, kept them coming; nary an empty glass sat long on our table. His service for the most part was quite friendly and attentive, although when it became really busy toward the end of our visit (with a large group that had been seated in our area) we did have to flag him down a couple of times.  But no real complaint to lodge here.TIPS for a more enjoyable experience. 1) Go early to avoid the potential parking nightmare and hordes of crowds that start arriving around 1130-1200.  2) Sit in the main (very dark) cozy room for a quieter atmosphere.  Opt for a booth with the mini jukebox and bring quarters if you want a little Dino or Frank to enhance the mood :) The buffet is set up in the very large room to the left of the entrance, which gets quite loud and noisy with all the diners passing through the buffet line.3)  Don't get your pizza until you see a fresh pan come out, as it gets cold really quick.  The pans are replaced frequently, so you don't have to wait long.  (Of course, there's nothing wrong with cold pizza!)Go now and enjoy.  Sunday Brunch is 1100-1400. It's $15 well spent.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,6/4/2012,28,64,68,38,22>I'll preface by stating that I'm not a huge fan of the "Gentlemen's Club".Don't get me wrong.  I'm not naïve.  I'm well aware an exchange of commerce is involved in almost every romantic transaction, be it a simple date or a final round selection of a mate. ...and it's certainly not from lack of experience.  I've stuffed G-strings from Virginia Beach to San Diego.  I Motorboat'd my way from Australia to Tijuana during my Navy days.  Ask me about the time I almost got shot by a Federales for jumping on stage to "work the rings" at some sketchy joint on Revolution.  Go on, ask.My problem?  I genuinely love women.  It's difficult for me to get thoroughly aroused while some gorgeous girl grinds my stub, without her first elaborating on her hopes and dreams.  It's just fucking ungentlemanly.  That being said, our objective that day was simple:  As one of the last weekends of warm weather anticipated, we had hoped to find a bevy of beauties to assist us in recreating the iconic Boats 'n Hoes scene from Stepbrothers on my sailboat.  Because, you see, your girlfriend might tell you she's into it.  ...and that chick you met at Sherlocks the previous evening that thought it was the best idea ever?  They'll both call in sick when you remind them the next day that bikinis and video equipment will come into play.  By default, our best bet was to find a few exhibitionists that enjoy drinks, boating, good company, and an opportunity to flaunt their assets.Armed with this logic, we begin our search at the best-rated strip club on Yelp - The Lodge.We navigated our way to the Lodge through the toxic waste portion of Dallas.  Past the dude aggressively soliciting donations for his crack addiction on an I-35E exit.Past the less-than-bordello motels.  Past the strip clubs that were held in place by stucco and sleaze. We were rewarded for our Odyssian persistence by the lavish interior of the Lodge.  If Zaroff in The Most Dangerous Game had preferred hoes to hunting, this would be his sanctuary.  The interior of the establishment is intricately designed to simulate a hunting lodge built into a natural landscape.  Dancers enter the main stage from a cave, trophies of the hunt line the walls, and book-lined studies grace the outer lying areas.  A damn classy joint, in my not-so-humble opinion....and since the place has class up the ass, they don't hustle you with requests for jukebox donations, overly priced OJ for the ladies, or pressure you into tipping every platform shoe-adorned Dime Piece that walks by your table.  It's a very low-pressure environment, merely providing with you with the opportunity to fund a gal's college tuition via singles on the stage, or $20s for a dance at your table.  But really?  You can get ambiance and booze anywhere.  Why did we spend five hours at the place, dropping near a grand on beers and dances in the middle of the day?The ladies.  They were simply that amazing.  I'd love to elaborate, but it would take away from our exchange.  My only regret is that we had lunch prior to arriving at the Lodge.  We indulged in gas station tacos prior to learning from one of our new friends that the cuisine is top notch.  If I ever have the incentive, I'll return for a meal, and possibly another Yelp.Salud!
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2012,6/3/2012,178,175,5,8,8>I usually don't say this or even think of it that often... But I really love the lighting and the style of the interior of Hattie's. It has a very bright, clean, and modern feel to it.We came here for lunch and the service here was excellent. Somewhere along the lines of what you would find at a steak house. I had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken and it was seasoned very well. It went very well with the gravy and mashed potatoes (obviously). It wasn't the best fried chicken I've had, but it is definitely really good. I also tried my friend's mac & cheese - nothing special.The BEST part was the bread pudding for dessert. It was off the chain! I'm definitely coming back and will be saving room for that next time. You definitely want to get the ice cream with it, because they give you a coconut ice cream that just goes together with the pudding to make one heck of a party in your mouth
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,6/2/2012,148,98,,2,3>Shout Out to Jen, the assistant manager at the Monk! So I had a little issue with a guy using my stolen credit card here. (Long, boring story but if I see him again, we will have words.) Jen was extremely helpful, expressed her willingness to talk to police if I filled out a report and called me back with additional info. Totally over and beyond what she needed to do and I appreciate it.Oh and the service as well as beer selection is always great. Their food rocks: fish and chips is very good. The patio is a great place to spend an evening. In fact, they have these fancy new heaters that I hope magically turn into misters come June.In Summary: Great Staff, food, beer selection & atmosphere. I believe this is called a Win-Win in the corporate buzz word community.
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,6/1/2012,387,212,,11,7>UPDATE: Kudos to Dr. Wang.  He called and emailed within the hour of my post yesterday and apologized profusely. He also gave me his personal cell phone and said he would do whatever it took to fix the problem tooth if that meant before hours, after hours or weekends.  I believed him, even as disastrous as the previous appointment was, and went to his office yesterday evening after work.  He spent well over an hour working on that tooth until it was back to its previous shape.   It's when things go wrong that you have an opportunity to stand out from the crowd.  I hate giving poor reviews and I'm grateful this experience has a happy ending.  Thank you Dr. Wang for doing the right thing.  P.S. The only reason for the delay on my response is because Yelp didn't show an option to update the status for 24 hours.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,5/30/2012,91,149,,4,4>Great Lake Highlands Thai! I had been wanting to try this place for quite sometime as the reviews and my friends said it's good...they were right!Positives:It was nice and quiet and the food was really good. Our server was very nice, and it wasn't too crowded, but there were enough people there to make you feel like it was doing good business.I tried a yellow curry with noodles for the first time and it was excellent! I could not stop eating it! My husband got the Pad Thai and was very pleased as well. Steamed dumplings were perfect.BYOBNegatives:The reviews had said to order our appetizer and then when it came order our entrees. This was great advice, however, my husband got his entree well before I did (a good 5-10 minutes) which was a little awkward because he wanted to wait for me, but didn't want his food to get cold. Kind of strange.As for the decor..yes, it's totally out there, but I've never been to a Thai restaurant that isn't decorated a bit crazy. It gives it personality and it's a good conversation piece.
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,5/29/2012,88,164,3,6,5>Absolutely in love with what this place dishes out! Biggest crab legs, tastiest seasonings, drippiest hands and fingers, ohhh goodness.I've been here twice so far and I've had the king crab legs, snow crab legs, shrimp, sausage, corn, potatoes, cajun fries, and sweet potato fries all in the "whole sha-bang" seasoning. The best advice I can give to any newb is to dip every single bite of seafood or side right into the bottom of the bag to dip into that wonderful seasoned juice. So. Much. Flavor. King crab legs - not too much comes with 1 lb, about 2.5 legs. I love the huge chunk of tender meat that comes with this guy. Snow crab legs - my favorite part about these crab legs are when you open it up in the "thigh" area of the leg and (if you're skilled enough) take out this nice big piece of meat. Ahhh, so good. Getting hungry as I type this. Again, dip the meat in that juice!Shrimp - comes head-on but for some reason, there wasn't too much of that yucky vein left in. There was still some, but not that much. Cooked perfectly and full of good flavor.The sides - all pretty standard stuff. The corn is especially good because it comes on the cobb and can soak up soooo much juice. Ah! Wonderful.
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,5/28/2012,219,594,4,9,7>The week I visited Chesterfield, I had also visited another newly opened restaurant.  The other restaurant was rough around the edges and not well thought out.  Chesterfield has an awesome look.  Every texture, color, fabric, wood, light, etc. seems to be carefully planned and executed.  This place has some bling.I am confident a place like this can, and will, do well.  The only thing I'm interested in is how the location will affect it.  If it had opened on Knox Henderson would it have gotten lost in the shuffle?  Being downtown makes it stand out, because there's nothing else quite like it downtown (thinking of it as a bar more than a restaurant in this regard).  I want good things for downtown, which seems to have a 1 step forward and 2 steps back revitalization process- so hopefully it all works out.Lunch menu is not super extensive, but gives options.  Sandwiches are big and piled high.  I opted for turkey.  The taste of the turkey was awesome and flavorful.  And the biggest claim to fame right now is the $1 lunch cocktails.  I say yes, yes, yes.  Lucky was overseeing the place on the day my coworkers and I went, he chatted with us, and gave us a sample of a lime gimlet type drink.  It was good, and I would like another.  I also need to try more drinks from their big drink list- I'm really curious to see all their variations of ice.  I believe I've heard there's at least 6 variations (cubes, crushed, chipped, etc...)This place has crossed all their Ts and dotted all their Is.  My fingers are crossed they stand the test of time.
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/9/2012,5/27/2012,236,272,3,8,7>I dropped in earlier tonight with the bf to welcome this little place to the hood, and check out what they were all about. A friendly little gal named Kelly handed us the menus, and pointed out a nice comfy spot to sit, so we each ordered a glass of wine and took a seat. The first thing I noticed was the ambiance. Dim lights, and lovely decor gave the place a cozy, yet stylish feel. I liked the colorful paint on the walls and the stencil work. The furniture was also pretty cool. I really loved the blue long couch we were sitting on...complete with pillows and everything!We were curious to find out why they chose the name of the place, and one of the waiters informed us that back in the day before cell phones, when you wanted to place a call to this location in Bishop Arts, you'd call the operator, and ask for the name Whitehall, followed by a series of numbers. Their logo features an old-school telephone operator, which adds to the story. I thought it was a clever naming scheme, for sure!The service was great...Kelly was very kind, as well as knowledgeable. I was having such a good time, that I left my gloves behind when we split! Luckily, when we called to inquire, she had found them, and saved them for me. I can dig that. Yep, I will be back...they do serve bar food there, and can't wait to give that a shot!
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,5/26/2012,725,843,8,8,6>I GOT CLACKERS! No, that's not a STD. Remember the two big round plastic balls (not helping my case here) that were on strings and connected by a thingy to hold on to and then you bounced them until they started swinging and clacking together. It's a toy that was discontinued because kids kept breaking their fingers, and because basically it's an Argentine weapon known as bolas. Anyway, I'd been looking for some since and ex-boyfriend had them as the light switch for his ceiling fan circa 1988. I remembered them from my youth, circa god-only-knows. MILLENNIUM HAD THEM!! They have more if you want some. This place is super if you just want to mill around or if you've got some crazy thing from forever-ago that you've been looking for at every flea market and vintage shop in town. They have tons of cool stuff arranged in an easy to shop atmosphere. The place is not totally overwhelming, but that's due to owner David's diligence on keeping it fresh and cool looking inside. If you were alive in Dallas and shopping for cool retro stuff back in the day you might remember Millennium being across from Fair Park. Yep, THAT'S the place. I told David I thought I still had a crazy lamp I bought from there. He said, "Everyone has a crazy lamp they bought from that store!" And he's right. That was the best place to get your retro furniture, and now it is again. Check out the new location on Main, just up from Lula B's new digs!
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2011,5/25/2012,462,279,12,16,14>This shop is absolutely amazing!  Not because they have products that can't be found elsewhere...wait.  They do have products that can't be found anywhere!  I've spent months trying to track down a specific formula made by my dogs' favorite brand of food (yep, I'm as picky as my dogs...don't judge) and have come up empty each and every time.  I was about to give in and start ordering online (*shudder*) when thanks to Yelp, I found Woof and MJ, my new favorite small business owner.Not only did Woof have my very specific brand and formula of dog food, MJ was a wealth of information about all things related to my dogs and their care.  I have yet to encounter an employee at a pet supply store that really, truly knew what they were talking about.  MJ not only knows her stuff, she's willing to gently steer you in a different direction if it means giving better care to your critter...even if it cuts into her bottom line.  That, my friends, is priceless.I also got to meet the store mascot, Wilbur, a very personable Pug and his foster buddy, Meatball (who I hear is very close to finding his forever home).  This is an owner who walks the walk when it comes to her love of animals and the proof is in hearing her talk about her passion for what she does.On top of selling high-quality dog food, Woof has just about everything you need for your dog.  Treats to beds, collars to clothes, shampoos to accessories.  I didn't find their pricing to be any higher than other stores that sell higher-end items and when you throw in the reward program (every $200 spent gives you a $10 store credit that can be used on non-food items) the prices become very affordable indeed.Bottom line, if you're looking to make the break from the uneducated kids in the big box pet supply stores and support a local business owner at the same time, give Woof a try.  Don't forget to say hi to Wilbur!
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,5/24/2012,165,290,,5,4>If you like buying things from Etsy, supporting independent designers, local / vintage / handmade accessories, jewelry, and supplies, then IndieGenius is for you. The store combines the bazaar/market concept of multiple designers selling their goods (similar to SoCo in Austin)...but all in an air-conditioned environment. Which is awesome when June/July comes in Texas.My friends and I stumbled upon this place when we were lost trying to find the Bishop Arts Saturday Market - which disappointingly, had only 6 vendors. IndieGenius alone had over 20+ vendor booths. Now, the designers themselves actually don't man any booths, but rather they rent out boutique space, ranging from 4x4 to 10x10 spaces. If you're lucky, you can catch a few of the designers adding new product or rearranging their space. Necklaces, earrings, purses, belt buckles, hats, headbands, vintage clothing, furniture, paintings, prints, candles, books, you name it...it's probably here at IndieGenius. All the stuff here is so unique, much of it handmade...i don't know how many times i must have said "this is so cute!" Prices vary depending on vendor. I was able to snag a cool necklace pendant for $12 and saw a couple other ones for $8-15. There were some handmade clutches for ~$30-40, but at the same time, I also saw necklaces for $80+. The owners here are super friendly and very passionate about their business. :)
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,5/23/2012,113,594,5,11,5>First let me begin by saying I went here because a coworkers has been trying to get me to go with them for weeks. I'm not a big fan of Indian food to begin with and I'm not a big fan of any part of having my meal without a meat. Furthermore, the restaurant is run by a group of Hare Krishna's. TO be honest I was surprised to find out they were even around still. When I hear of Hare Krishna's it brings to mind the 60's and strange people dancing around with bald heads and a long pony tail playing tambourines. Regardless, I went there with an open mind and decided to give it a fair try. I must admit I was pleasantly surprised by the food and the experience overall. There was no tambourines being played and even better the food was absolutely delicious! they had an amazing eggplant parmigiana, lentil soup, some bok choy and tofu dish. All of which had plenty of flavor. The thing I enjoyed most was that none of the dishes had an overbearing curry flavor. Typically, I have found that to be the case with most Indian food served for us Americans. The food is served buffet style with all you can eat, a fabulous tea, perfectly made cinnamon raisin bread, and delicious dessert. You can dine inside or out in their very quiet and intimate surrounded patio. I must say you need to put all preconceived notions aside and give it a try sometime.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2011,5/22/2012,434,194,7,7,5>What more can I say that hasn't been written. Somehow I believe that when all fashionistas die, before they pass through the pearly gates, they pass through the doors of Neiman's. Beautiful store, located in what is probably the best shopping experience in the entire Metroplex. PLENTY of beautiful things to see (and sometimes buy...depending on your wallet). My wife and I love this store, not only for its amazing selection of high end designer merchandise...but the customer service is really THAT good! I've NEVER had any issue with a sales person. Everyone is friendly...willing to help...and don't make you feel like "if you're not buying, i'm not helping you". Never has happened! Sure I'd love to be able to afford to buy more there...who wouldn't!!! But come on...its nice to walk a little on the wild side and splurge a little on yourself (or your wife) and Neiman's is the place to do it. Cash...Nieman's card and now all major credit cards too!  Don't even think of trying to let your wife run around in here with a limitless credit card and her friends. :-)
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,5/21/2012,220,341,5,12,9>Really...we are driving out to a nice restaurant in Rockwall?  Is this an alternate universe?  AND, we are driving out here to celebrate the birthday of a friend who lives in Bishop Arts...where all the new, hip restaurants live these days...and it was her idea to gather in BFE for this event.  These were my thoughts as we prepared for the 45 minute drive in the opposite direction of fine dining mecca.  Or at least I thought....Restaurant Ava pops up in an unassuming, old downtown square.  We almost passed it, and our friends actually drove right by and had to weave back via the annoying, one way streets.  I immediately liked that there was easy parking access in the back of the restaurant, and it forgoes the pretension of valet parking.  The establishment has a beautiful interior with exposed, brick walls and a homeyness that reminded me of some favorite spots in Austin or Bishop Arts.Onto the food...my friend and I immediately decided that we wanted every single appetizer on the list and pretty much every entree.  It is usually easier to make choices, but everything sounds so amazing.  Then we noticed the $60 five course, chef's choice tasting menu (there is also a 10 course, but that is just INSANE unless you've just run a marathon).  Our whole table was up for the adventure!Our friends started with a lovely bottle of Gruet champagne.  Sugar Bear and I opted for cocktails...a lovely grapefruit concoction for me and a blood orange margarita on the rocks for him.  Both drinks ROCKED!  I love the grapefruit cocktail because it was not overly sweet.The chef's amuse bouche was a house made, thin, triangular cracker with marinated chickpeas.  I could have had a whole plate of these...simple and flavorful!  It was a nice way to start the meal.  Then came the platter of house made mini corn-jalapeno muffins and hearty, sourdough bread.  Yum!The first course was a gorgeous salad with a circular tower of pickled beets over a spread of local, buttery cheese with small cubes of roasted golden beets on the side with beet oil drizzled on the side.  There was also local, mescalin lettuce with a light dressing that just enhanced the peppery flavor of the greens.  My friend's husband was not excited about the beets...he hates them...but even he enjoyed his salad.  It was a delightful melding of flavors, and the mixture of beet preparation and the cheese just really worked.The second course was the birthday girl's favorite--sweetbread ravioli over caramelized onion with micro-greens.  Sugar Bear and I do not usually order organ meats...he'd never had sweetbreads before.  One would have never known it was something 'gross' unless told.  They tasted like perfect, Chinese dumplings.  I loved these and would order them again!We were really excited when the third course arrived because it was the entree EVERYONE at the table wanted to order--the chicken fried quail with a Randall's biscuit and sausage gravy, drizzled with local honey.  This was my FAVORITE dish of the evening (although everything was wonderful) and I would be hard pressed to not order a full entree of it on every future visit.  I don't usually like fried food, but this was exceptional.  Highly recommended!Our fourth course was Sugar Bear's favorite, and it was huge!  There was a piece of smoked ribeye, a slice of beef tenderloin, and a serving of beef short ribs over cheesy polenta.  I am not a huge fan of red meat, and I ate every morsel!  The smoked ribeye was so tender it didn't require a knife.  The smokey flavor and rare meat were heavenly!  The beef tenderloin was also fairly rare and was served with a smear of green pea puree underneath...delish!  Of all the red meat, the short ribs were my favorite!  It tasted like a perfectly cooked, moist pot roast.  I snuck an extra bite off of Sugar Bear's plate!Next came the pre-dessert course of blood orange sorbet and white chocolate marscapone.  These were not flavors I'd usually put together, but they really worked!  The dessert was a house made vanilla bean ice cream, with a hazelnut chocolate torte and a raspberry puree.  Even though I was super full when it was served, I downed all of it.  Divine!We also had a bottle of wine over the multi-courses that was very good--a 2007 Wattle Creek Triple Play:  wattlecreek.com/pdfs/WC_  It paired well with the variety of cuisine, and I highly recommend it to go along with a tasting menu.  However, the restaurant does wine pairings for an additional $30 if you choose...it just seemed like too much wine for me.OK...if you've read this far, I'm going to let you in on an amazing secret about Restaurant Ava.  If you dine as an early bird (before 6pm), your meal is 30% off.  We were there at 5:30 and finished our meal at around 7:45.  Even though we chose the tasting menu and were there for an extended time, it was at the discounted rate.  You can't find a better deal than that!
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,5/20/2012,239,706,2,7,4>Special note: This is my 400th review (!) on Yelp; it's been a great ride, now on to the next 400!My wife and I visited for a trivia night with some other Yelpers on a Tuesday night, and we had a blast. There are huge windows overlooking the lake, giving a beautiful view. My wife had the soft pretzels for an appetizer, and they were spectacular. Very soft and flavorful, they went great with the supplied queso. My tostada chips and queso were great as well, and by the time I ordered a couple of beers during trivia, we didn't have room for entrees or dessert, plus we were too busy answering questions and hamming it up with the other Yelpers!This place has a great atmosphere and is a beer lovers dream. Couple that with the great lake view, and it's a winner! If it weren't so far away, we'd be back often. Give it a try if you're in the area!
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2011,5/19/2012,443,598,3,8,4>After I found out that DCH serves up a mean bowl of jjajangmyun, it's my go to place north of the turnpike. The reason why I like their version of jjajangmyun is because their noodles are a bit thicker than anywhere else. I'd say they're thick as if not, are udon noodles. The black bean sauce has very acceptable amount of veggies and pork meat. If you're not into swine, they also have beef and veggie based options available,too.  Also, if you get the combo number four, in addition to the jjajangmyun, it comes with a heaping portion of tangsooyuk which are batter-dipped and fried strips of pork meat in a sweet and flavorful sauce. The veggies in it are cut into big chunks, but nothing your chopsticks can't handle; has a lot of bell peppers, onions, and carrots. The way they make it tastes like my mom's recipe. Mmmm, fond memories.Every time I've dined here it's always near closing time after I've been studying at a near by cafe. Once it hits 10pm they kind of hint that you need to gtfo. Nevertheless, I'm just glad I got to eat some of my favorite food.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,5/18/2012,140,199,6,9,6>This is my 100th review and what better way to celebrate that fact than by reviewing Mesa!!!  Lauren M. hit the food on the nose so I won't repeat.  I want to share the experience because it was unforgettable!!My girl friends and I came here as a Plan B to Bolsa (it was my birthday dinner).  Bolsa's wait was over 2 hours so I scrambled, popped open my handy dandy Yelp app and did a quick search for restaurants in the Oak Cliff area.  Mesa had a 5-star rating and, after a quick scan, most of the reviews were postive!  I immediately got on the phone w/ Mesa, made a reservation (which they instantly responded with a "NO PROBLEMO!") and then told all my girls to go to Mesa.Upon arrival, I immediately felt my stomach sink.  "WHAT is this place?" I screamed at my two panicked friends in the car with me.If you've ever been on Jefferson Street, you know what I'm talking about...  There was nothing but taquerias, liquor shops and run down buildings along both sides of the street.  From the outside, it looked uninviting and unremarkable.  I was totally aghast!!  I thought, "I'm going to have my 29th birthday dinner at a lameoid Tex-Mex joint with a cockroach infestation."  Omg, WRONG WRONG WRONG!!!!!!!!!!!I opened the door to the restaurant and was taken back at how upscale and sophisticated Mesa is.  From the wait staff to the ambiance to the chef, it was the most fabulous birthday dinner a girl could ever ask for.  Some of the decor looked to be of recycled material and Earth-friendly.  Chef Reyes said that he had hand-picked the items in the restaurant or made them himself.  He is a true Renaissance Man -- chef, stylist and interior decorator!  Anyway, to make my night even better (I don't know how that would've been possible), Chef Raul Reyes dusted off his guitar and serenaded myself and my friends with a song.  :)Amazing food & an amazing staff that instantly makes you feel like family.  And oh yes, MESA IS VEGETARIAN AND GLUTEN-FREE FRIENDLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,5/17/2012,3760,1373,7,10,11>It was when my friend Bobby and I decided to meet up for lunch on a cloudy Monday afternoon, it became clear that we were (1) both in bad moods, melancholy and, perhaps awkwardly, untalkative, and (2) that we had that special kind of friendship where we could effectively function together in that capacity.I suggested soup and hot tea. "Wanna go to Zenna?"  Bobby annoyingly chimed.  A place he'd been promoting for weeks now, so much so that I doubted the hype. "If the have soup and tea I'm cool." "They have a little bit of everything."When casual sushi in downtown Dallas is headlined by places named Sushi World, you don't expect much.An electric mural of an ocean and a zen landscape in acid colors greeted us and I knew I was in.  The outdoor patios reminded me of Thailand, simple and private, complete with an authentic Buddah shrine which had a fountain and fresh flowers."This used to be a bad nightclub" Bobby examined.  The inside was trendy but more fun and economical and the vibe was laid-back. We ordered soups, the tea was bland, but we gave updates to each other on bad roommates, projects, lovers and travel plans. The soups were inexpensive and hit the spot, I had a Tom Yum (sweet and sour) and Bobby had one with coconut milk.  We both got spicy. Mine came with three suprisingly fresh and large shrimps!Bobby pointed out how the lunch bento boxes start at 5.95 and how large the portions are, and that they deliver to a 5 mile radius.   I noticed the .50 draft beer specials.  Hopefully this place will make it. Bottom line:Affordable healthy lunch in a funky space in downtown Dallasgood for bad mood Mondays with a good friend.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2012,5/16/2012,107,301,7,8,5>I'd been in the mood for some GOOD middle-eastern food for a while, and the thought of Cafe Istanbul came to mind. I had eaten here many, many years ago. When it first opened and before they could serve alcohol . . . right after Moses parted the Red Sea. But I digress.I had a reservation for 7:00 on a Saturday night with my new husband Leo Z.  I booked for this time because they are supposed to have belly dancing at 8:00 p.m. We were seated immediately upon arrival and given a preferred table simpley by askihng for it! (No Highland Park attitude here!)Our waiter must have been joking about it being his first night on the job, because the service was flawless. We just started ordering appetizers and one of the the main meat dishes (lamb) to share. Let me tell you dear Yelpers, all the food was to die for! And throw in a REASONABLY priced bottle of wine - it's an all-in-one evening of food, drink, and entertainment!By 8:00 p.m. guess what? We're STILL eating and eating! The waiters come out with these long puffed-up pita breads so hot out of the oven you can't really touch them, and they are SO delicious! And then the music started . . chaga-chaga! Here comes the dancer and she is all over it . . . totally into the music and the atmosphere (see photo). Everyone was clapping and shouting out . . .just a wonderful fun time!Let me tell you, if you're looking for a complete middle eastern/mediterranian experience with entertainment, book this place for a Friday or Saturday. The food is absolutely wonderful, the service 5 stars for sure (at least for us on this night) and the dancer was WAY too much fun! We can wait to bring some friends along next time!
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2011,5/15/2012,34,36,30,10,11>Chuck Norris ate the burger here once while holding an AK-47 in one arm and carrying a little Vietnamese child in the other. "How did he eat the burger," you ask ,"With both arms full?" To which I reply, "Mortal, Chuck Norris's beard fed it to him." True story. All the myths about this burger shack are true, they are not burger lore...they are burger legend. Go and you to can be part of this legacy.      The hours, the relish, the double double, the order ahead, the guy who looks like kid rock, the ancient seven-up and PEPSI machine. All are ancient rights of passage that must me met to achieve burger bliss.     In this hallowed hall of Texas burger Valhalla ( I would say I see what you did there, but that is becoming so 2010), also lies Whataburger, Jake Kellers, Burger House, and Storm's. What is Storm's? Storms is the other burger place you know nothing about, Mortal.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2012,5/14/2012,851,315,3,5,3>Have I not reviewed Oak Lawn Coffee yet? Man... it's awesome. Straight up.Great coffee, although they don't roast their own beans in house.Great food... REAL egg, bacon, and great muffins. Have you had the strawberry muffin? It's amazing. Everything here is amazing.The walls, ceiling, seating areas, etc... all good. And the local art was a good time-consumer and helped move conversation along.I had the new Lavender Mocha... quite interesting. Like flowers in your mocha, but in a good way. She had the peppermint mocha, and was MUCH better than The Bux.Overall, I'd say this is my new "go-to" place for morning coffee. HOWEVER, if you're going to meet with someone, or a group of people, go to Crooked Tree because the one thing Oak Lawn Coffee does not have is a ton of extra seating. It'd be a gamble if you're coming during peak hours trying to grab a free seat.
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,5/13/2012,45,61,,7,4>After reading so many outstanding reviews of Parma, I knew this was the place to try last night for dinner. We arrived at about 7:30pm on a Friday, and the place was packed, with at least 20 people or more waiting to get seats too. Wow! Knew this place would be a hit. Tip: next time we will go before 6:30 or after about 8:20, by which time a few tables started to open up. We were seated within about 20 minutes or so though, so not too bad.It was WELL WORTH the wait outside. Oh my goodness!!!! Best Italian food I've had in a while, seriously.  The rolls were perfect and tender inside. I got the garden salad with mushrooms, black olives, crisp romaine, tomatoes, and shredded mozzarella, with their delicious house dressing. Excellent!  Then I has to try the shrimp Murphy, based on the recs of fellow yelpers, who did not steer me wrong! That pink sauce was out of this world, and the flavors in this dish just pop! Hubby got the chicken parm. Its outer crust was perfectly golden brown and crispy, with tender juicy chicken inside, and it was also amazing! He said it beats cafe Italia's and bari's hands down!!! And the price beats them by far too!!!! So long, Cafe Italia and Bari's! Love that it is BYOB too. Total bill for our meal for two was less than $30!! Gotta love that! And it is a nice place, not like I expected judging from outward appearances. Nice decor, twinkle lights and good low lighting, full of people whom I could tell must be regulars here. Full of life and friends. I want to go here with good friends too. Fun place to hang.This is my new favorite Italian spot. Wish I had discovered it years ago. Can't wait to go back. In fact, we may get take out from here tonight. It's THAT good... Worthy of two nights in a row!11/16/12: Still my favorite Italian BYOB spot locally.  We even went there for anniversary and birthday dinners this fall.  Just a note: They have recently REVISED their MENU -- and prices of course have gone up... AND they've taken the most popular item -- the chicken murphy -- OFF of the lunch menu. :/I'll still be back though... and they know this.
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2012,5/12/2012,127,217,3,8,5>I'm from Southern CA so I've always been a fan.Order the chicken soft tacos.  This is what they're known for. I never order chicken anything..always beef, but these are awesome.  They have some of the best crinkle fries around...fries at a taco joint is weird and awesome.  Their deluxe chili cheese fries are awesome...far better than any other cheese fries around.  This particular location does a great job on top of my already being a fan of the chain.  They overfill their tacos and don't skimp on ingredients.If I want a beef taco..I'd say that Taco Bell does it better as far as seasoning goes...but since this place has delicious crinkle fries and awesome chicken soft tacos...definitely the better choice overall.Oh...the Del Tacos in Texas have Dr. Pepper instead of Mr. Pibb like all the other ones do.  FYI - They just put up a "hiring" sign for "several" new locations in North Dallas coming soon.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,5/11/2012,322,339,11,9,9>Hole-in-the-wall with an interesting rite of passage for newbies: if you want to become part of the "in" crowd here, you must:a.) Find the secret side room, b.) Find the piano in said room,c.) Commence playing "Rocket Man" on said piano and start a sing-a-long.In all seriousness, I've had some amazingly random, fun, drunk as shit nights here. Happy hour is good, late night is usually pretty interesting depending on who is drinking at the bar that night. Hence the drunken Elton John sing-a-long one night. I don't even know the words to "Rocket Man", but then again, neither did anyone else in the bar.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2012,5/10/2012,258,201,3,6,4>This. Is. Exactly. What. Downtown. Needs.If you live in downtown, you know that things aren't always 'bustling' in the nightlife department, unless you're a fan of Plush. (Ew.) Then, we got the Chesterfield. A little pricey, but a great addition. And nowwwwwww we have Spread Eagle, which is what I would describe as City Tavern's sportier cousin. It's a little more casual. There's a pool table, shuffleboard, 2 dart boards and one of those touchscreen jukeboxes. Oh and even better? The drinks are strong and cheap. No drafts, only cans. In Downtown? Are you crazy? Misplaced? No, Spread Eagle Saloon, you're not. You're brilliant. Stay just the way you are. And I love you. I've been following their FB updates and apparently from now on they'll have live music Thurs-Sat. Double yay!The only reason I'm not giving 5 stars is because I haven't tried the food. And the only reason I haven't tried the food is because I was basically standing in line on during the soft opening, and I think both times I've been was before the 'official' opening
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,5/9/2012,232,63,6,9,10>Well we finally made it to Union Bear and I must say that I am impressed. I love beer and this place has one of the best selections in Dallas, IMHO. I like the fact that they have a lot of beers that you just cannot find on draft anywhere else and they also have a ton of rotators. When I was there they had Alaska Amber which is perhaps one of my favorite beers and now I can get it from a keg right down the street, awesome. They also had Brother Thelonius, which I have purchased from Central Market before but never had it on tap. They have a great bar in the front and when the weather is nice they open the doors so you actually sit up at the bar while you are outside, brilliant. We didn't try the food but it looked good and there were people coming in to pick up pizzas for takeout so that's got to mean something right? I love this new addition to the West Village and I do believe that I will be a regular here, so if you see me having a beer at the outside bar whilst people watching, come buy me a another and I will be grateful.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2012,5/8/2012,207,120,4,11,5>********WOW********I think "wow" really sums it up, but allow me to elaborate.  The Capital Grille is a fantastic steakhouse that has all of the old-world charm and none of the stuffiness, all of the greatness of high end service without being pretentious and all of the big bold flavors you would expect from such an establishment.We started with a few vodka cocktails while perusing the menu.  Our appetizers were the prosciutto wrapped fresh mozzarella and oysters on the half shell.  The oysters were perfectly fresh and it was great to taste the ocean again.  The (pan seared) prosciutto wrapped mozzarella was fantastic.  My wife had the tenderloin and lobster tail surf and turf.....AWESOME!  I had the porcini rubbed balsamic Delmonico steak (ribeye).  These are some of the biggest, boldest, richest flavors I have ever experienced in a steak.....and I have had A LOT of steak in my day.  I'm typically a "less is more" kind of guy and like my steaks prepared in a minimalistic fashion.  If you are like me....this steak is a wonderful departure.  The rich earthiness of the porcini rub and the intense aged balsamic with just enough acid and sweetness to cut through the big ribeye flavors all culminated with all sorts of moans and groans from yours truly.  Our sides included Lobster mac-and-cheese (pure riduculousness in a dish) and some green bean deal just to have some color on the table.The wine list also has a nice variety of reasonably priced wines which was refreshing to see.We finished off with some port and apricot sorbet.  The sorbet was so good, it was like eating a frozen apricot.EAT.  HERE.  NOW. !!
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,5/7/2012,197,107,2,10,6>I've added Fish Shack to my normal rotation. We've been here a handful of times the last several months. Don't know why I waited so long to go here.  I've passed by this place so many times and there's always people there.  I love the feel of this place, and the food.  It's very casual and cozy, you order up front and they deliver to your table, and the staff are nice people.   The Santorini shrimp cocktail is one of my favorite things here.  Served cold with onions, cilantro, and avocado.  You pick your level of spiciness (mild, medium, or hot).  Their hush puppies are probably one of the best I've had. Great flavor and not greasy.  Definitely a must try!  There's nothing that I've tried that I haven't liked.  I normally get the grilled salmon, grilled or blackened fish tacos, or fried catfish.  There's still a lot on the menu I would like to try!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2012,5/6/2012,160,195,5,10,6>It was worth every penny!  Fearing's reputation definitely precedes itself, neatly situated inside the Ritz-Carlton.  I have quite a fear of dining at places with incredibly high expectations, those are the ingredients for disappointment.  However, Fearing's did not disappoint!  In fact, it blew my socks off.We came in a party of 10 and the service was superb.  The menu is a combination of Southern comfort food meets fine dining.  My meal started off one of Dean Fearing's signature dish, Tortilla Soup.  Any REAL Texan will tell you they have a strong affinity for good Tortilla Soup.  I am a self-proclaimed Tortilla Soup expert, and I was incredibly curious how you could fancy up such a simple, comfort-food type dish.  My co-workers spoke incredibly high of it as the feeling of disappointment crept into the back of mind.This Tortilla soup was music to my taste buds.  So addictive!  It's definitely not your traditional Tortilla soup that has a chicken broth base, the base of the soup is tomato-based, much akin to a thinner tomato sauce.  The wait staff places the bowl with all the ingredients in front of you, crisp tortilla chips, cheese, fresh avocado and pours the tomato-y Tortilla soup right at your table.For the entree, I chose the Cast Iron Seared Costa Rican Mahi Mahi.  It wasn't my first choice but since I gave up all red meat for lent, my options were quite limited.  As all the buffalo tenderloin and surf n' turf dishes were placed all around me, I initially had some strong food envy.  Boy was I wrong, this Mahi Mahi dish definitely competed with the big boys.Each component on the Mahi Mahi dish sang in its own wondrous way.  The absolute pinnacle for me was not the fish itself but the Jalapeno Corn Pan Stuffing.  It was amazing.  I savored every bite and each time I ate it I just went into foodie heaven.  The creamy wild mushroom sauce that topped the fresh green beans took green bean casseroles to the next level.  Again, I just couldn't put my finger on the seasonings on these side dishes, so tasty.  The Mahi Mahi was cooked to perfection, still very moist.  It paired well with the sweetness of the red currant jam.  The crispy onions were a nice contrast in texture.  My whole dish reminded me of Thanksgiving but with Dean Fearing's unique little spin.My dining mates RAVED about the Buffalo Tenderloin saying it was the most moist piece of meat they have ever eaten.  The pan-roasted BBQ filet and chicken fried lobster received a strong second.  In addition, the barbecued shrimp taco appetizer were apparently phenomenal.I rarely dabble in fine dining at this price level but I can say to absolute certainty that if you are looking for an amazing dinner to celebrate a momentous occasion, Fearing's does NOT disappoint.
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2012,5/5/2012,255,323,7,7,6>This is now my favorite burger.  Better than City Tavern's (the previous title holder.)  Better than Love Shack's.  Better than Buck's.  Better than Craft's.  OSK has, LITERALLY, the best french fries in the world.  Perfectly cooked.  Perfectly seasoned.Because I'm now trying to watch my girlish figure, I made the mistake of splitting a burger with my old boss last week.  I should've just said "fuck it" and got my own, because the Murph Style burger made me ejaculate in my pants (I'll leave it to you to decided if that's a literal or figurative statement.)On my bucket list: corned beef and the 48 Hour brisket.
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2011,5/4/2012,273,583,1,31,24>The strip center that this place is in doesn't exactly seem inviting. The inside though is quite a contrast, pleasant at that. On the Sunday evening that we dined, we were the only table. The waitress was warm and friendly, but it did feel a tad odd to be the only diners. Luckily, there was music, but it was an odd assortment of early 2000 pop. Backstreets back, alright. I had the pad thai, as is my standard for all new Thai experiences. I found my requested heat level spot on, the noodles perfect, and the chicken tender. Best part? The price! I think this place is a few dollars cheaper than average! As much as I wanted to finish my plate, I lost that battle. I'll definitely look to Thai Tanee to satisfy my Thai needs in the future.
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2012,5/3/2012,188,256,6,13,8>Almost any idiot can make a grilled cheese sandwich, so I was skeptical to think that there really needed to be a truck entirely devoted to this comfort classic. I was wrong.  In fact, I would venture to say that I have been more impressed Ruthie's than any other food truck in Dallas.  They are simply doing things right, quality ingredients, convenience, affordable, fresh food.  The cheese always comes out perfectly melted, the breads are always toasted just enough, the other topping (bacon, onion, etc) are not overly complicated but a perfect compliment and flavor enhancement to the cheese, which is really all you want in a grilled CHEESE sandwich.  The novelty of the Dallas food truck is beginning to wear off...finally.  It's about time for food truck to start standing on their own two feet and producing a product that rivals or surpasses their brick and mortar counterparts.  Otherwise, the whole truck business is a complete waste of time.  Ruthie's, IMO, is proving that great food can come from trucks and that it's actually worth your time to hunt some of them down.
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,5/2/2012,895,667,8,12,9>Victor Tango's still has it going on.  Met some of my old Yelp friends here last night for dinner, and had a great time.  The menu has changed a bit, but I was happy to see some of my favs still on the menu.The tempura green beans being one of them.  OMG - still perfect.  The hanger steak was another, and it was just as delicious as I remember.Tried the warm herb goat cheese w/ a tomato jam and crostinis, and it was delicious.  Can't go wrong with goat cheese, though.  Am I right?!I washed it all down with a couple of pepper smashes.Love.
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2012,5/1/2012,266,298,3,8,5>The Free Man is a must visit in Deep Ellum. Forget about Dodie's and come get some real authentic cajun food (I lived in Lousiana). Jamabalya, Etoufee, Po'Boys, Gumbo, Aligator, Muffalettas...all essentials to cajun dining and they have it. I've gone on several times for lunch, dinner for live jazz and even popped in just get some bread pudding....yes, that's right delicious bread pudding! I love going for the live music at night and having a hurricane to remind me of hanging out in New Orleans.I would love to give it 5 stars but here are the few areas that keep it from the elusive 5 star rating.....lunch time service is superrrrrrrrrrrrr slow! A little better at night, so just have a little time. They seem to run out of a lot of things. On fat tuesday, they ran out of gumbo for lunch...really? I can get past that for good food and great music, but the one thing that really bothered. I'm leaving out out of the place with my coworkers when there few people there maybe four others and walked right in front of the owner who was outside smoking and he didn't even thank us for coming in or for our business......hmm..you definitely don't get five stars for that move
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,4/30/2012,50,130,3,3,3>I love Fair Park for so many reasons.First and foremost, it is beautiful.  The Art Deco architecture is possibly my favorite style, and the examples abound at Fair Park.  Most of what you see now was built in 1936 for the Texas Centennial Exposition.  Thankfully much of these historic buildings have been restored over the years.  There is a lot of different reasons to go.  I saw a number of World Cup games there when I was young.  Been to the Cotton Bowl 5 or 6 times.  And obviously we all love Texas-OU weekend, and the State Fair in general.Overall it is a giant facility, like almost 300 acres, and I am far from having seen all of it.  But every time I go, for whatever reason, I really enjoy myself.Here's to hoping they can figure out a way to keep the shootout here in the future.  Without it the State Fair nor the game will ever be the same.Also, now that the train drops you right at the entrance, you can avoid parking in some shady dudes front yard.  That's a big plus.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,4/29/2012,1812,527,3,6,6>Next time one of my cocky friends from New york or my Free thinker comorade from San Francisco tells me I could never live in Dallas you don't have fresh seafood.  I may just fly them to love/field airport take them here for lunch slap their ass and send them back home.  Dallas has fresh fish folks, anything your piscivorous heart desiresFlown in daily fresh fish caught by those totally cool type of guys dressed in flannel shirts from deadliest catch will fill your belly with oh my gosh I think I may be on the oceanfront  kinda fish!  Valet parking, grab and go cooler w/ frozen seafood soups.  dine in eating with a clean feel,  Beautiful wait staff with geniune smiles.  I really dig this place.  Every table is stocked w/ Ice T ready to be consumed.Our food came out fast like lightning, and was displayed wonderfully on the plate.  Me Likey
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2011,4/28/2012,190,305,,7,5>Dining with another foodie couple, we took full advantage of ordering a true smorgasbord and grazing. It's like consolidating several trips into one!I started the evening with the Shinsei Sangria, which was either really weak or downright dangerous... I can't decide. It tasted like juice, and I was expecting a more impressive flavor with a more discernible kick. I should have gone with my gut and ordered a glass of wine off of their impressive wine list. Clearly wine preference is subjective, but I want the sommelier at Shinsei to be my new BFF. Grgich, Belle Glos, Schramsburg, Jordan, and Silver Oak, oh my!Quick lowdown on our spread: the Shinsei sashimi starter was excellent - fresh fish and refreshing flavors with a kick of spice from the jalapeno, seaweed salad was excellent and refreshing, the Shinsei Roll was par, and the spicy roll we had didn't mess around. The fried rice was better than average, the brussel sprouts were out of this world, the lobster tacos were disappointingly average, the pork tenderloin special was quite good but didn't eclipse the outstanding cod. For dessert, we attempted to polish off a fantastic banana parfait in addition to the seasonal pumpkin ?bread pudding? - both were excellent.The ambiance is romantic, dimly lit, and very trendy with a modern style. Overall, definitely a place I would return.
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,4/27/2012,74,187,3,6,5>American Power Yoga JUST completed renovation of its new studio, so the rooms are much bigger and not cramped as earlier ratings mention. The new rooms are nice, clean, and comfortable for yoga, even if there are 40+ people in class.Compared to other yoga classes, I find APY slightly more challenging for beginners, but it doesn't matter because the instructors are very nice and constantly remind you to go at your own pace- don't try to "keep up" with others. They encourage doing every pose at your own speed and strength and remind you that your hour of yoga is all about finding your tension and getting negative energy out of your system. The instructors are there for you to be comfortable and learn, not compete or worry about others. Once you master the basic poses, they offer ways to challenge yourself in the same poses, so it's really great no matter how experienced you are in yoga. You will see ALL shapes, sizes, and ages of people in the classes, so don't worry if you're not in perfect shape or a yoga guru. I bought the GroupOn, 25 classes for $25, but already decided after a few weeks I want a membership because I feel so comfortable there, come out feeling completely relaxed, and can see how it's toning my body (this is coming from someone who was VERY self-conscious going into this, and I only did it because a friend agreed to do the GroupOn with me). They have mats you can borrow, but it's nice to have your own, and definitely take a towel because the rooms are fairly warm and you will sweat. I learned not to put lotion on before class because you will slip a lot in certain poses. :)
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2012,4/26/2012,166,221,4,12,7>I'm not even an Italian food fan since most of what we have in Dallas is not Authentic Italian but i've known about this spot for over a year but never had the patience to make reservations or find a foodie who was down for the adventure.So Basically i went to check out a new restaurant in the area and they had a 2 hour wait if you didn't have reservations so i took a gamble on checking out Lucia. It was fully reserved as usual but there was a table on the sidewalk (Like dining in Old Europe) and a few spots at the bar so we opted for the patio and the weather was great which was a plus.The Server was very knowledgeable about the Various Cuisines . We started with Crostini with arugula on some paste which was mesmerizing and then i ordered to miniature prunes stuffed with Foie Gras.Next was the gnudi which was stuffed with spinach and a whole bunch of other things which reminded me of some little elf stuffing each shell individually. After this i was ready for my Beef Tongue Dinner. The Tongue was succulent, tender and chewy at the same time. It was delicious if i must say. The portions were not extremely heavy like the typical Texas dish which was cool cos it gave me room for dessert which i rarely take part in.I had the Carnaroli pudding with Cocchi vermouth soaked raisins and toffee almonds and all i can say is that it was a HAPPY ENDING.The Co Owner came outside to chat with us, She was very pleasant and we talked about foodie stuff in the Dallas area, The Patrons in the Restaurant were not in a hurry to leave either since they were having such a great time. Dallas needs more of these types  of cozy chef inspired restaurants that only seat about 24 people at most but has a very warm and inviting atmosphere and great food.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2012,4/25/2012,608,438,12,16,13>The parking situation for Draft Picks is pretty bad.  There's a couple of self park spots and after those are filled you're forced to valet.  Seriously?  If you're walking from Victory Park it's kind of a pain to get there as well as there's no direct route to the bar.  Because of the way the roads are set up you actually have to walk all the way around the building before you get to the entrance.  Alright, I think I'm done griping.Despite everything I mentioned above, Draft Picks is a pretty darn good place to watch your game and just have a good time with fellow sport fans.  Sure, you have your typical issues like slow service and limited seating, but to be honest I've had a lot worse at other places.  One of the unique things here is the set up.  You have a the main room with stadium seating and a huge 220" HD screen (I had to ask to be sure).  That thing is ginormous and it's well worth going just to check it out.  There's also a bar in the back, several lounge-like areas and a small arcade zone to cover all bases.As already mentioned from other Yelpers the prices for the food is a little steeper than I would like.  However, the pot pie is excellent and worth the extra money in my opinion.  Also, if you happen to go on Wednesdays they have 50 cent wings.  These are no ordinary wings either.  True to the "Everything is bigger in Texas" motto these wings dwarf all other wings from sport bar in the Dallas area.  I hate saying that as I am a huge Plucker's fan and will continue to be, but they really can't touch Draft Picks here.  They have good drink specials on other days in case you miss out on the wings.If you're looking for a great place to watch some sports and want to try something different I would definitely recommend this place!
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,4/24/2012,549,363,28,20,17>Dallas, THIS is THE place to go to. You looking to get your hoo-ha waxed in a non-threatening, fun enviornment? You scared of the pain (da paaaaaain!?)? Don't be!I've been places that take for-fraking-ever down yonder. I mean, really, is 45 minutes of waxing, plucking, ripping, fiddling around reallllly necessary?? Pretty Kitty has created an art of waxing... kitties. It took about 15 minutes and I was outta there. Totally easy, totally quick. Catherine was fun and was totally distracting with her fun personality.Pretty Kitty is a full service waxing facility but they specialize in da brazillian. I like this. You won't be getting some lady that usually does facials and does the occasional brazillian. These people work there and know they'll be waxin' kitties, no biggie, and they do a great job.So, what are you waiting for? Seriously, go get it done. Go!
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,4/23/2012,202,453,5,6,5>Update - I've come back for the fries a few times, and they have been different every time, but never as good as the few times I first had them.  They are hollow or sometimes too salty, or else too starchy.  PLEASE GO BACK TO THE ORIGINAL (LONGER) WAY OF MAKING YOUR FRIES!  They used to be my favorite - now, because you don't let them soak in water, they are barely passable.This is currently on the short list of the herd Dallas hot spots, which probably has as much to do with the great weather as the newness/location.  This place clearly has staying power though as it's a sort of Biergarden in a better location than Lee Harvey's, and less hipster/random, more "dallas scene."I've been here an embarrassingly number of times in the past few weeks - I love the fact that I can ride my bike here and if you can walk or ride, it's a lot easier than dealing with the valet which can shut down on really crowded/popular times like Thursday/Friday happy hours.  The beer selection is great (only place i've had the Real Ale Lost Gold IPA), and the few times I've been here, the food has been great...almost gastropubish....chicken sandwich was moist and flavorful....fries crisp, and venison chili very tasty.  And then service....in the probably 6+ times here, I've never had bad service...including dead times and mostly very crowded times....they do a shared service where there are runners devoted to bringing out beers, and I think it works very well.  It's going to be interesting to see what happpens when it get's hot, but I'm obviously a huge fan of this place.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2012,4/22/2012,55,108,7,5,11>This is my 1st review since moving to Dallas because I haven't found anything worth reviewing! As my mom always said if you can't say anything good then don't say anything.I fractured my ankle last night and knew without a doubt that I was going to do whatever I had to make sure that I was there this morning to get donuts for my office! After seeing my foot surgeon in University Park, I got in my car; crutches and all and drove to Hypnotic Donut!It was more than worth the pain of walking! Hypnotic Donuts has a very eclectic deco and I loved it - just wanted to sit on the vintage sofa and chill but needed to get to the office so that I could let everyone taste these treats. Walked up to the counter and the staff was more than friendly and helpful, I asked for just about one of everything they had (hint: get anything they make with bacon on it). I can't say enough about the staff here; I don't know her name but the blonde with shoulder length hair YOU ROCK and THANKS for helping me to my car! After getting some advice from the guy behind me (they called him a regular -great tat's btw) and ordering everything thing they had - paid for them felt the pricing was very reasonable for what I got and you gotta love technology (huge fan of Squared myself) After getting in my car I needed to taste these scrumptious treats I just purchased. Boxed opened I went straight for the Peanut butter, bacon, honey and banana donut, I was not willing to share this one with the office.  (Called the Evil Elvis) I took my 1st bite and all I can say is it was food porn in my mouth, honestly felt like I needed a cigarette after one bite.It was Sapid, it was Luscious, it was Mouthwatering, and it was Heavenly! Not sure how I made it to my office after eating this donut but I did and didn't have a wreck and what a miracle is all I can say! Everyone in my office was overjoyed at the fact I brought treats in! Then they saw what I brought in and mouths were watering and pushing ensued to get to the donuts - Hypnotic donuts caused a silence in my office for the 1st time ever while everyone ate their donuts! Thank you and congrats to everyone at Hypnotic you have a hit on your hands! I will be back this weekend with my crutches this time because I want to check out the in house vibe and will send everyone I know over to have your donuts! I am so very happy I found you guys on twitter!
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2011,4/21/2012,69,37,6,10,11>East Dallas: this is the pub you've been waiting for. The most excellent selection of beers, the awesome patio, and the unbelievable burgers are the real deal. The owners know what they are doing bringing high quality to our neck of the woods. Forget uptown valet and cramped patios! We've got better beers and WAY better food right here east of the lake!The menu list is really exciting. Tonight I had the Mary Mary, a lamb burger on a perfect bun with beautifully fresh tomatoes and spinach. The staff was so friendly and excited to be there, even though they were rushing around like mad. The artwork and knick-knacks around the place are just perfect. They've done a spectacular job of turning the old, nasty Texas Trap into a neighborhood gem.Looking forward to spending lots of quality time here.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,4/20/2012,185,175,2,6,6>At a recent CMYE it was clear that, in light of several less-than-glowing reviews, Fedora was making great strides to improve public perception. Not only were dishes brought out in a timely fashion but they made sure we knew what (and when) to expect and that all our needs were attended to.I loved the atmosphere of this restaurant - Casablanca on the flat screens, Sinatra and other similar music playing, and an overall atmosphere that's easily a throwback to the 40's.The Bolognese was the first dish to get my attention with the thick hand-rolled noodles (think penne but not hollow) and the meaty sauce. One of the staff came by to explain it as not being a "traditional" sauce of beef and pork but instead consisted of veal, lamb, and beef in order to make it leaner. And I noticed, as I went back for a couple bites sans pasta.Campanelle with rock shrimp (in a sauce that might be a mix of pesto and alfredo) was also excellent. I was pleasantly surprised that this dish wasn't rich to the point of being too heavy.Since that dish whetted my appetite for seafood I decided to order the Pan Seared scallops, served with brussels sprouts and carrots. The scallops had a great sear, a slight crust, and were cooked to an almost translucent perfection. The only reason I didn't take down each medallion in one bite was in the interest of good public manners and all that.On another note, I wouldn't have had a problem eating vegetables as a kid if they were done like they were here.Desserts were a toss-up - I can't decide whether I liked the creamy slightly-bitter tiramisu or the warm gooey bread pudding better. By the end of the outing everyone was full and happy.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2012,4/19/2012,249,256,14,6,4>so it's a new year.... and what does everyone try to do in the new year?  That's right rub curry on you pianist and dance like boy George... ok not really but in an attempt to eat a bit healthier and perhaps eat vegetarian I chose India Palace.First let me spoil the ending for you.. I did not eat vegetarian, nor did I exercise sensible portions.This place is a relatively nice place in a large shopping center. the Parking lot is huge and when it rains like it did yesterday spots near the door are hard to come by,  but 15 car lengths is really not that far to walk especially considering I was working on that new years thing (tip.. swing your arms wildly while you walk, it burns 2x the calories).I was seated promptly, and the staff was very nice.I am no expert when it comes to Indian food.  What little I know I learned from Amy's Kitchen Frozen dinners.  My favorite feature of India Palace is that not only do they label their food (Some places do not) but they also detail out a description for everything on the buffet.  This is perfect for a noob like me.I thoroughly enjoyed everything I had.  I don't quite know the names but it was all good.  The curry dishes (chicken, and beef) were amazing.  The Naan was quite good (I favor the burnt sections).  The vegetarian orange dish (see 2012 Mayan Gods, I did not anger you) was quite good.  The paneer (peas & tofu) were really good as well.Dessert was a nice end to the meal (mango custard and rice pudding) however it did not achieve the slimming effects I had hoped when I picked India Palace. So instead I am wearing vertical stripes today.In all I would gladly choose this place again if I was in the area.The only thing I would "complain" about is the price.  $12 for a Indian lunch buffet seems a bit excessive but losing the weight in my wallet made up for the lack of losing in the waistline.PS Google toolbar spell check has informed my I suck at spelling as well. oh well .. that is for 2013... or is it?
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,4/18/2012,66,117,5,10,5>My wife and I wanted to go to a comedy show last night and given that it was a last minute decision we figured the Addison Improv would be the wrong place to go. So we decided to try something new. I googled for Dallas Comedy and found Backdoor Comedy. I called to find out more information and was shocked to be speaking directly with one of the co-founders on the phone - Jan Norton. Jan was very helpful and the way she explained everything, I was sold. I booked the two of us and then an hour later we were at the show. The tickets are $12 cash or $14 on credit card. They do have a 2 items per person ordering rule where you have to order either food, drinks, etc. That's pretty typical of these places, but they are not very strict about it which is nice. And their food prices are very low and portions are large. The chips and salsa is only 3-4 bucks and the Salsa is Spicilicous :) We didn't order the Chicken Quesadillas since we ate prior to going there, but they are quite large as well and can be shared by 2 people. Expect it to be a packed house with a very small and intimate setting of about 35-50 people in a small room. We were in the company of a bachelor party and a bachelorette party and we enjoyed watching them being picked on. When you arrive, you are taken to your table by the hostess. She sometimes will ask you for your preference of seating and sometimes she will just chose your place, but you can ask her for a different spot without fear if you don't like the spot she chose. The room is pretty small so it really doesn't make a big difference. As to the comedy show itself, I thought it was great. I really didn't expect so many comedians to appear one after another. I thought it would never end which was great. Linda, another co-founder, was probably the best in my opinion. I forgot all their names, but there was a pale guy whose day job is being an Engineer, who starts off a bit dull, but its all part of his act, which was awesome! There is an Asian comedian, but I think he is just getting started as he seemed a bit nervous in my opinion, but his dog joke was funny. But, he still beats the guy who claims himself as the "hipster who was killed by PCS wireless". Also their jokes are for the most part clean and safe for families to go as well. For $12 per person, I thought it was hell of a show for 2 full hours worth of entertainment. I highly recommend it to anyone as this is a must see in town!
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,4/17/2012,92,346,4,6,2>Love it.  The atmosphere reminds me of a neighborhood restaurant in Italy.  The waiters did their best not to let on that they were pissed when we showed up 20 minutes late for our reservation.  The BYOB policy is fantastic.  We were drinking a fairly nice Rombauer, and when the maitre'd noticed that, he switched out our wine glasses and brought out two very fancy big ones, saying that a Rombauer deserves a better glass.  Too cute.I had the scallops, which were delicious.  We also split a side of pears carmelized with some sort of cheese (this was a while ago, so bear with me), and those were also divine.  My boyfriend got some sort of steak man-dish that he loved.  We split the tiramisu for dessert.Overall, I think it's a teensy bit overpriced (especially when it comes to the side dishes), but totally worth it for the quality of food if you're celebrating a special occasion.  I'd also second Shanna's opinion: bring your out-of-town foodie friends here instead of one of the snooty big-name places.  They'll think Dallas is just FULL of little gems like Urbano.  heh heh, little do they know....
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,4/16/2012,241,251,1,11,8>A nice little entry in the grab a quick lunch close to my office category. Went here just a few days after they opened and really enjoyed the experience. The owner was there and wanted to meet everyone and tell them a little about his story. I felt very at home(whether it was because of his greetings or because he bought alot of his fixtures and furniture at my Borders when it closed I don't know. Seriously -he even bought the espresso machine). I didn't really know what to order but the cashiers have obviously been well trained and were there to make suggestions. They were also very friendly and courteous. I ended up going with the borewores sausage and a couple of meat pies. I also got a side of the fried corn on the cob. The sausage was quite tatsy-was it authentic-I couldn't really tell you as I don't have a lot of experience with African food. I can say it was delicious and I will go back for more. The meat pies were also very good-the meat(ground beef) was seasoned very well and the crust was tasty as well. The corn on the cob was good- but not what I expected. Living in the south for so long I expect almost anything that is deep fired to be breaded first-not so with the corn on the cob. They just drop in in nekkid. It was still really good-nothing to cover up the natural flavor of the corn. All in all this is a nice little place that I will def. be back to visit and try some of the other African dishes -as well as the wings!
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2011,4/15/2012,102,246,3,4,2>So, I guess you could say that I've become a regular at The Bottle Shop, lol!  I have gotten to know the owners and they are fabulous people.  I like the fact that they are out on the floor and talking with their patrons and interacting.  I was there last Thursday night (Friday as well), but on Thursday evening they had an acoustic band in!  I spoke with one of the owners, we were outside smoking cigars, and he mentioned that they are going to try and get acoustic style bands in on a weekly basis to add a little something to the ambiance other than simply playing music off of a playlist.  The beer selection is growing by leaps and bound and they now have over 510+ beers to choose from!  I am hoping that they will add a few gluten-free beer options to the list, as their only current gluten-free  offerings are RedBridge (sorghum beer), ciders, and wine.  Hopefully, there will be more sorghum beers to choose from in the future.  They have also added 4 more tap beer selections to choose from, which rotate on a weekly basis, and in total they have 9 tap beers.  The wine list is also growing which is great, just another option when you are out and about if you are not in the mood for beer, bottle of wine or bottle of beer, The Bottle Shop is a great place to go!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2011,4/14/2012,141,424,1,10,1>Went there after getting dim sum at Hong Kong Royal next door.  It is a good sports bar with the typical sports bar amenities...lots of flat screen tv's playing sports, a few pool tables, a couple of dart boards.  We were there a little early and there were a few people, not a ton, but a dj was setting up in the corner so it might have got busy later.  I got a scotch (they had a pretty decent selection of scotch) but the popular drink in our group was a 99 cent margarita.  I would assume it is just a special to draw in people since they just recently opened.  Another group of folks who were there got a crazy looking and giant verticle pitcher which I think was filled with margaritas.  I asked what it was but I couldn't totally understand the answer and I was only curious so I didn't clarify.  Everything in the place is new and shiny, I think we may have been some of the first people to every play on the dart boards.  The servers were really nice and I was generally impressed.  Reminded me of a Fox and Hound but with everything being new on the inside.  The outside doesn't look particularly fancy but I am glad we went in to try it.  I will definitely keep them in mind as a place to watch games now that football season is on.
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,4/13/2012,221,354,1,9,3>This was my first time to a place where you cook table side.  Too add to the cool factor it was also all-you-can-eat.  Well apparently they didn't know my appetite can be something fierce. Since this was our first time, we kinda wanted to know what was going to happen and what we were about to eat.  A plethora of side items came out along with the meat.  You chose which type of meat you wanted, cook it (they helped us) and eat.  So we got the hang of things and went to town.  Trying all the meats and narrowing down the selections to our favs and trying every side dish along with it.The lady that sat us, would come help us, the server and took care to explain things since she knew we were new to this.  We felt really comfortable. and ate quite a bit.  They do charge if you are wasteful of the food, which I thought was awesome.This place can accommodate LARGE groups with ease.  I haven't had any service issues here as some other have encountered.  If I do an update review, I'll def post.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,4/12/2012,114,565,8,6,4>I've been here so many times and every experience has been a pleasure. Whenever my parents visit they demand dim sum. Given it's ingrained in my culture i can't escape enjoying dim sum on a Sunday. Regardless, how could i resist? It's a fun experience.TIPSHere are some fun tips for you unfamiliar dim sum novices. If you're a veteran. Please skip to the next section:There are some things you must know before you have dim sum here. First, you must arrive on Sunday before 12pm and beat the Sunday rush. The crowd is fierce or you maybe standing on the balcony for quite a while. If you show up late you're better off going home or heading to the chipotle nearby.Secondly, only go on Sunday. If you go on a Saturday you may experience different and mixed results. The freshness is usually at its peak on a sunday because of the crowd and high volume. Third, carts will zoom by. It is your responsibility to get fed and you have to tell them what you want. If you're unfamiliar and not sure what to pick. I would highly recommend finding someone who knows what to pick for you.Lastly, if you're used to the general tso's chicken and that americanized garbage you might want to leave and goto the fast food panda express by your local shopping mall (conveniently betwixt a sbarro and your taco bell).REVIEWNow for the review.Food is always consistently excellent here. The carts will zoom by with lots of great small plates of deliciousness. You always have to hit up the dim sum classics. Har Kow (sp?) and Sui Mai (sp?).  The har kow is always cooked well has that crispness on the inside and full of great flavor. The steamed bbq pork buns are so deliciously baked and warm. The texture is usually fluffy, soft. The inside of the bun is filled with bbq pork filled with delightfully sweet, savory and salty notes. It is the eptiome of Asian flavor goodness. So many things to write about!ServiceWith every great chinese restaurant the service is usually not the best. I'd say with Kirin court it's just ok by my standards. They'll occassionally zoom past you and refill your tea but besides that you'll have to sometimes throw shoes at them to get their attention; because often they're serving up to 60-80 guests at peak hours. AmbienceThe venue is located in a weird spot. It's located on an above flat. The whole venue doesn't have dividers. It's reminiscent of a typical wedding venue; There's a dance floor but it's rarely used for that purpose. My favorite thing to do during the fall is to watch  football on their TV's. They always seem to have fox sports on. I think they may have wifi; you may have to steal it from below. As for cleanliness. This place is starting to show it's age; The carpet is a little dirty.OverallThe prices are very reasonable for dim sum. You'll usually pay around $10-15 per person. Without a doubt i'd go back; especially when the parents are in town; As i really don't have much of a choice and i wouldn't ever want to fight them.
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2011,4/11/2012,141,325,4,8,3>Neighborhood Services is absolutely remarkable.  It's a hidden gem in Dallas.  My words likely cannot do it proper justice.In fact, I'll even go the distance to say that it's the best place to eat in Dallas.  (That includes their other locations as well.)  This comes from a gentleman who has the job of taking people out to eat.  I've been to a number of places, but I can think of only 3 that really stack up to this joint in Dallas.Of the 3 Neighborhood Services locations that exist of this writing, this is my favorite location.  It should also be mentioned that the menus are different for each location.  Check their website for details.  They're usually updated.First, I like the decor and the feel of the place.  It's a nice, upscale, hip place that feels formal but in a very comfortable way.  The restaurant has a James Bond theme to it, which works really, really well.  (Actually--I love going to the restroom here, as when you walk in to the men's room, there' s pictures of all of the classic bond girls on the wall, and they're playing James Bond audio books in the background.  (Tonight, they were playing Goldfinger.  Nice touch.)  It's kind of sleek, kind of sexy.  When I get my food, I kind of feel like an international man of mystery.  (Here's your meal, Mr. Bond, should you choose to accept it...)  The servers here are also pretty cool.  One particular server asks for you to refer to her by a number, not a name.  (Number 23 I think.)  This also feels Bond-esque.All this background, service, and atmosphere is all fine and dandy--but there's the most important part:  I've NEVER had a bad meal here.  That being said, I've had a lot of meals here.  The food is FANTASTIC.  You can close your eyes and point at the menu and find a perfect meal.  Specifically, "death row request" caliber.Let's go over some of my favorite dishes here:-The "Cleaver and Block" burger is out of this world.  It's huge.  And the fries are great.  (The dipping sauce that they bring with the fries is also home-made, as I think all of their sauces are.)  I can't really compare it to the "Angry Dog" or the "Twisted Root" (as those are more "bar burgers") though I can certainly compare it to other "chef" burgers, such as the BBQ / Onion Ring Burger at Whiskey Cake and the Burger's at Kenny's Burger Joint / Woodfire Grill.  This burger is better than whiskey cake, though about even with Kenny's concoctions (both fries and burgers).-The Ruben is huge and also remarkable.  It's not the best Ruben I've ever had, but it's certainly "up there."  It's more unique than just a basic Ruben.  There's a unique jalapeno slaw on it that is nice, but not really as spicy as I would like for it to be.-The chef Mac and Cheese is amazing.  You simply must try it.  Get it as a side.-The Shrimp and Grits are FANTASTIC.  They recently moved this from being a nightly special and put it on their full time menu.  It's an amazing dish in it's own right.  -The Chicken and Waffles is a relatively new addition to their menu.  I had it for the first time tonight.  It may be difficult to get anything else now.  It's the best I've ever had.  Victor Tango's has NOTHING on them here, and VT's has some pretty good Chicken and Waffles.  And I can't stand peaches, but this comes with peaches (as a side dish) that I actually enjoyed!  (You can likely sub in any side you want--after all, there's an abundance of excellent ones.)-I've never had the desserts, but they also look quite good.This place is somewhat spendy, but I'd argue that it's absolutely worth it.  Plan on spending $25.00 per person.  (A bit more with beer.)Also, parking in the area is kind of a bummer.  You can valet for free if you get there early (I think you have to be in-and-out by 8:00 PM), but if you're cheap like me, you can park along the street and walk a bit.  (Be careful not to block driveways and/or fire hydrants.  Cops will ticket you, and patrol this joint regularly.)It's an awesome place.  You'd be nuts not to give it a shot.  It's also a great place to take a date (though it has a tendency to get a bit louder in the dining room towards the latter part of the dinner hour.)
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2011,4/10/2012,165,113,5,6,6>YUM YUM YUM!We went on the suggestion of our neighbor (who says their pizza is close to what she eats in her native France) and it was a delicious experience!I went thinking I would get whatever the menu-listed traditional or specialty pizza was....but when the waiter said that the chef of the evening was preparing a pizza with tater tots, chili, bacon, and cheese -- I just couldn't resist!Their salads are GINORMOUS, so there was no need for the hubs and I to order separately. Note that their Ceasar is traditional and has anchovies in the dressing. The Mista was really tastey and great for lunch the next day (I was shocked that it wasn't really wilty with the dressing already on it).Once we polished off the pizza, we had a hankering for sweets - so we ordered the Smore Calzone. Please don't be still my heart - I'm afraid that after a dinner like that it would be considered a heart attack!I can't wait to go back and try their more traditional offerings. Mangia!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2011,4/9/2012,132,558,11,10,9>Don't even dream of going in here with a drink in mind... what you want is what Gabe gives you... believe me! I don't even like cinnamon and he made me cream in my skirt with that damn holiday drink... including the cinnamon on top. I was like "shit, I don't like cinnamon" as my friend was saying "I'll drink it" and reaching for the drink... I'm sipping by now and would have stabbed her hand with a fork if she didn't get away from my drink! It was reDICKulous... hot damn! I love the dark atmosphere here and there is nothing better then something way beyond the usual drink. This is like a sexy ass meal in a glass you'll never forget... trust me, I won't... hot damn!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2011,4/8/2012,246,193,4,13,8>The ever so elusive "CN" and I decided to check out "that social supper club" in Addison...  Oh what a treat! Its very classy inside, all dark and leathery.  The menu has tons to choose from, tacos, burgers, steak, short ribs, pizzas.. its almost overwhelming.I chose the roasted chicken with applewood bacon mustard greens (which we later named apple bottom jeans greens).  It also came with fingerling potatoes and a buttery coating of heaven.  CN got the chicken fried steak. That came with gravy, green beans and mashed potatoes.It was so good it made me angry.  I'm not sure how to describe it because I'm not a food writer, but both of us ate everything.  I had one little bit of potato left, but for the most part - clean plates. Moist chicken, great portions, crispy fried steak, nothing was bad about this dinner - I would have liked to trade a scoop of more apple bottom greens for a few less potatoes, but that is it.The prices were very reasonable as well.  Service was very friendly and informative.  The bar looked like it would be a happenin spot on the weekend too. I will definitely be back to work my way down the menu.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/18/2011,4/7/2012,117,232,3,4,4>We spent Saturday night here after having dinner elsewhere. We arrived a little after 8pm and the place was nearly full. We snagged the last bar table right in front of the stage. Turned out to be a great spot. Since we only ordered appetizers I am not really rating the food (though they were definitely above average). Even though the bar and restaurant areas were packed when the band started (Walton Stout) things stayed orderly. I saw 2 bouncers which probably had something to do with ensuring it stayed that way. I would say the crowd ranged from late 20s to 60 and everyone seemed to have a good time. There was lots of dancing in front of the stage. The night flew by.Our drinks were strong and quickly made in spite of the large crowd (there were at least 4 bartenders at work). I didn't notice the price on each drink but or tab was lower than I expected so the prices were reasonable. And Walton Stout did a great job of keeping things going with high energy music well sung and performed. It's great to see a fun place like this in the Allen area (technically it is in Fairview).
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2011,4/6/2012,105,217,2,10,5>Yeah, the hibachi is in the kitchen -SO WHAT.  There are two huge teppanyaki tables in the back room, which was filled with patrons cheering the show.  The sushi bar was roomy and very nice looking.The food we ordered was pretty good, except for one appetizer, the Vietnamese Fried Sausage, which sounded good to us, but turned out to be something like fried granola wafers, dry and chewy with little flavor.  On the other hand, the fried rice was perfectly done, and the hibachi dinner items (lobster, scallop, and filet mignon) were very tasty, if slightly overcooked.  Our two sauces were very good.  Unfortunately we had no room for dessert.We had very attentive wait service, and the manger was friendly.  The place was clean and tidy, and the ambiance was pleasant.  The prices on everything were "Dallas-competitive" based on our experience at similar establishments.  We noted a stage in the corner, and were told that they featured live music every now and then.  What sushi place do YOU know that offers live music? None that we know of.So despite the mixed reviews, I would say this place has some unique features and deserves a try.
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2012,4/5/2012,71,134,1,7,4>No delivery, yet.There is a drive through pick up window.Now, the service isn't great, but it seemed like the staff was a little overwhelmed, so I think the learning curve might be a little steep.  I would guess it will improve.As for the pizza; it's great, hands down.  It's what Domino's, Pizza Hut, Papa Johns all the "great" chains want to be.  It's not fancy, it's not neopolitan, it's hand tossed good pizza.  It'sbetter than them all.   I recommend in order:1 topping Hamburger (Best EVER)Sweep the KitchenSweep the SwampYou can't really go wrong with any of the pizzas or even the Muffalettas here.  Dallas finally has a great fast and reasonably priced pizza.Drive to Johnnys... they even have Take & Bake, so take that Papa Murphys, because they're better than you as well!!!!
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2011,4/4/2012,33,102,8,10,9>I'm hesitant to review, but the word has spread and it's no secret anymore.I first came to the FOE in the summer of '08, having been unceremoniously dumped, complete with the heart in the food processor.  I came to the pool on the recommendation of friends, but alone on that day.  I sat quietly in the corner, sipping $2 margaritas and watching the world go by.  It was a pretty spectacular way to soothe my sad soul.Fast forward to the summer of '11 and the  FOE and I are still going strong.  No, you can't smoke or drink in the pool anymore. Yes, they now have a computerized cash register and a separate pool entrance.Everything you still love about it is happening, in spades.  The beer is still cold, the people are still endlessly friendly,  the kiddos are still adorable and you'll probably make a few new friends.The rule enforcement is pretty strict, but whatever.  We're guests on their turf and I'm okay with being respectful.Sipping a PBR, listening to Metallica, surrounded by my bestests at the FOE today, I wondered how life could get better.  I quickly realized it couldn't and that such thoughts might get me struck by lightning for being so greedy.
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2011,4/3/2012,232,223,4,5,4>I went here with my boyfriend. He got the Kbbq banh mi. It was delicious! The spicy mayo was awesome. Definitely a twist from the normal Vietnamese banh mi. The egg rolls are fresh and yummy. Becareful when you eat. It's hot! You want to know what good eggrolls taste like... this place has it. I haven't tried the pho, but will come back for a taste. The summer rolls was fresh and and a great contrast to the hot egg rolls. They have shaken beef dish... A must try for next time. I like how this place is easy to order. Simple menu. Nice and clean. I heard some Vietnamese talking in the kitchen... This place has a twist, but it's still a mom and pop shop with a good sense of style and taste.
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,4/2/2012,47,47,4,5,4>Ahhhh the Grapevine.  Many evenings at the Lawn began here, and many Sunday Fun Days have apparently ended here. :-)  Wow, I want to kick myself in the butt because I never knew about their bellinis until reading the reviews here on Yelp!  All I can say is, I drank many a stiff drink here, at a reasonable price, with awesome company.Don't know what else I can say that hasn't been said before.  It is true, leave your attitude at the door, as this is so not the place to "post up"  with pretentions.  It is a crowd of mainly gay and straight folks.  I have always met new people here, always had a good time.  You'll see people come in casual clothes and play basketball, or you'll even see the cute club chicks all donned in their stilletos ready to hit up Uptown.   It's just a free for all here, really.I've lounged inside for hours during hot Summer days, and I always wake up the next day wondering how the hell I got home that night!Good times, good times...
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2012,4/1/2012,90,133,,8,7>Weekends are super busy.Weekdays are chill. I like hanging out here since it is literally right in front of my place and I can visit after work. Cocktails are pretty stiff and very deli-sh, ambiance lacks, service is decent, bartenders are friendly. But that is not why I am raving about Tates at all. Bar is a bar.If you have not yet tried, please try Tate's Nachos. It is a piece of heaven. Very unique flavor unlike any other nachos I have ever had: a little sweet and a little salty. The chef lays out individual tortilla pieces carefully into layers and makes sure that each tortilla piece has enough ingredients on it. All their bar food was high end quality, not like pig food that other bars serve. Very classy display of food and unique flavors.I am completely irrevocably in love with Tate's Nachos.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,3/31/2012,1025,261,4,3,5>I am not one who frequents the theatre. Plays and musicals are the last place that you would likely find me, but I'm always game to try something different from time to time. Carla bought us 2 tickets to see "The Dog Problem" at the Undermain Theatre, so we headed that way on a weekday night. I have passed by this building on Main Street a million times, but never knew that a this place was underneath (and it's literally underneath Main, in the basement...hence the name). When we walked into the theatre, it wasn't at all as I expected. It was  a "theatre in the round", the seats surround the actual stage. It was quite small and intimate, which added an awesome feel to the play. The actors literally were right in front, to the side, and behind you throughout the program. They have a place to purchase refreshments before and during intermission. There was a nice wine selection, and they were giving out free wine samples on that night as well (free is always good!).The acting was good, the story was good (if you get a chance to see this particular play, go for it!), and the atmosphere was great! It was a positive experience, and it has convinced a theatre-avoider like me to venture out and see more plays in the future. (I will still need a lot of convincing to go to a musical)If you are looking to do something different, going to the Undermain for a date would be a nice change of pace!
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2011,3/30/2012,129,78,2,6,6>I can't believe it took me so long to check out Painting with a Twist. This is such a fun place and a breath of fresh air from my usual scene (parked on a patio with a cold brew and some queso - not that I won't be back in the saddle tonight).We actually bought a $20 groupon for Painting with a Twist in April 2010 (over a year ago), and it had expired. We called in and the manager said it was no problem, they would just discount the painting we chose by $20. Customer service points +1.The studio is BYOB and food, which is great since most classes run either 7-9 or 7-10pm, plus it makes it a fun little night out. Plus if your painting is anything like mine, a glass of wine might help it look a little better!Just kidding, the instructors are great and the paintings turn out SO much better than you would imagine, even if you are a first timer like me. What the wine might actually help with is if you arrogantly venture out to Painting with a Twist against a severe weather warning because "Oh my gosh, stop worrying, It'll be FINE" (sorry group, I won't be so blasé next time!) and then you spend half the class listening to the weather on the radio, neurotically worrying about your car being pelted by golf ball sized hail, and taking a break to move to the back room because the tornado sirens are going off. However, the ladies running our class were fabulous and told us if we did want to leave, they would either hold a make up class or give us a voucher for a free class. Customer service points +2.We roughed it out and ended up finishing on time since the little "break" worked out well with the originally scheduled break to let our base paint dry.We went to the scheduled group class, but you can also arrange private parties (minimum 10 people) for no extra charge other than the painting itself, which you get to pick from their catalog. You can book the studio on an open night or the back room if there is a party in the front. No extra charge? Customer service points +3.Overall, a great time, and I will definitely be back!
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2011,3/29/2012,320,143,5,5,4>Raw Foods?!   Sorry grand-dad you are probably rolilng over in your grave, but I'm a fan of Bliss Cafe!  Cocounut kale enchiladas had the most incredible flavors, and I cannot wait to go back and try everything on the menu.Atmosphere is light, airy, & pretty, and after eating the delicioius and feel good foods, you will feel like a million bucks and like you are in California or in your crazy aunt Lyn's kitchen waiting for her van dwelling boyfriend to come be-bopping thru doning his most upscale tie-dyed button down shirt.Service is super friendly, fun, and makes you feel at home.I must return very very very soon.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,3/28/2012,160,285,6,5,4>This place had got to be my goes to place for dat dim sum der for da longest time.  I can't get enuff of dat shrimp ball fried hard.  Sick dem suckers wit dat soy sauce for that kung pao kick boi.  Holla back at me if you be eaten dem chicken feet cause I avoid you like Peggy Bundy's bunions, ya dig?If you are still reading this review, get yourself checked.This place is definitely my favorite dim sum place in Dallas.  It used to be Kirin Court, but nah nah nah, this place took my cake and ate it too.  What a bia.My gots ta haves if I'm up in this crib:- Fried shrimp balls- bean curd skin rolls- chinese broccoli- Those fried football things with pork inside- Barbecue pork fun rolls- sui mai- har gow (har gao?  haha ho ho?  hehe who?)If you are coming here and buying, let me know.  I'm down.
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2011,3/27/2012,89,333,3,10,4>It was with some trepidation that we went to Campo. After some disappointing adventures in expensive local restaurants, we were prepared to be underwhelmed, but hopeful that this time it would be different. And it was!Campo hasn't been open long - I think the night we went was its fourth. So while they may have been practising before the opening  (and it was obvious they had been), there is always some tension "on the night".The space is tricky to find. It's in Oak Cliff - on Beckley close to that crazy intersection with Zang. We missed it the first time around - partly because there is no signage yet.No valet parking either. No pretension anywhere - just unbelievably good food in a space that is a litle too loud. In fact, it's the noise level that takes off the star.It definitely is a casual space - that doesn't mean you go underdressed. But the kitchen staff aren't in pressed whites - they are just in everyday clothes. The kitchen is visible - and it is quite untraditional looking. The wait staff are nicely, casually dressed in a simple uniform. The owner is visible all the time, watching to make sure things are running smoothly. Was he nervous? I'll say! Did he have reason to be? NoIt looks like it seats about 45-50 people - with 5 working the small kitchen and about 8 people out in the dining room. The chef (Matt Mcallister) comes out from the kitchen to serve guests and visit a bit as well. The chairs are hard - good idea to bring a cushion since dinner will be a suitably drawn out affair. There is no padding on the chairs (except my own natural padding, of course).The menus are studidly casual too. Simple sheets of nice paper attached to a carboard matte by rubber bands - so when the menu changes, it's easy to replace them.The tableware and glassware are "eclectic" too. No "matchy matchy" - again giving a nice feel. so this definitely isn't a manicured space. That's not where the money went - and I like that.So, onto the food. We are charcuterie lovers, so had the small (?!) charcuterie plate. Wow, a terrific variety of whole muscle, ground and terrine dishes, served on a wooden board. Pickled celery, chard and chanterelles decorated the board and titillated the taste buds. Oh and I almost forgot the bread. Dense delicious, irregular rolls, brushed with duck fat and lightly salted. The butter was maybe a little too hard initially. Onto the main courses. There's interesting stuff on the menu. Very interesting stuff. One of the specials was pork jowls (uncured - so not guanciale) on a bed of kale. A few cubes of smoky bacon (for me a bit too smoky) and a hint of heat. Absolutely delicious. Great porky flavor - and enough fat. Well played, kitchen! madame had a salad - greens, with a whole lightly boiled, breaded egg perched on top. Nice light dressing. Massive flavor, nice presentation too. We had a couple of the cocktails - a bit more work needed here, I think and a glass each of a well priced Carmenere ($7 per glass).We foolishly asked for the dessert menu. And there sitting at the top was a dulce de leche panna cotta with maple dust, some minted apple tiny balls. OMG to die for. Now that is dessert. Finished with a french press pot of coffee (Costa Rican) - using the European trick of providing a timer so you know when it is brewed for long enough.It was nice to see that the place was full when we left. We went early and saw several tables turn over at least once - so it looks like they are already doing the level of business they were hoping for. Long may it continue.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2012,3/25/2012,35,141,5,3,2>The hours at Cafe Izmir are whack. Please call ahead and ask them if they're open and WHEN THEY CLOSE, as the closing time is basically whenever they feel like it. So third time's a charm, at least on my end! The place is small, the decor accented with cute white Christmas lights, and they really utilize every inch of space! We were sitting in what was the start of the parking lot, but our entire areas was encased in one of those plastic tent-things (more fancy than what I'm describing) that retain heat very well. Be warned: bring your hearing aids, your megaphone, your extra large ears; it gets loud, especially on Saturdays, when they have live-music. Service was very warm and friendly, and the wait, even on a Saturday night was about 10 minutes for our party of 2. From our little checklist of tapas, we started out with an order of hummus, and boy I do not want to know what makes it so creamy...nope, don't tell me. Ordered the lamb roll, pirokshi (think Chinese egg roll but bursting with spices!). For me, my ghrelin (look it up) was rolling but those two reasonably sized tapas filled me up. Definitely very satisfying, and I can't wait to come back with a DD!
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2012,3/24/2012,262,584,,5,3>I was referred by a coworker and was not let down.I found it a little harder to find, just note that it's in a shopping center, the one with the LA fitness, it's on the second floor and marked with a dentist sign.I walked in and filed out my new patient paperwork and was lead back to begin xrays, exam and cleaning.  The xrays took awhile but being new to the office they assured me they would rarely take that many again.  The exam was interesting.  Dr. Neville told me it appeared I was having an allergic reaction to my toothpaste, weird.  She noticed that my mouth and gums were peeling and said it's a common sign that you are allergic to something and that harsh mouth washes and toothpastes cause it.  She recommended a toothpaste with no bells and whistles...note: in all of my years going to dentists this is the first time one ever recommended a toothpaste.  She also advised that I wear my mouthguard again because it looks like I may be grinding my teeth. On to the cleaning, this was the same old but found everyone in the office to be really patient and nice and friendly.  I was getting over a sinus infection and was still coughing quite a bit, they worked with me so well.  I will obviously be back.
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,3/23/2012,686,887,8,8,6>So I guess if I suck at golf then the place gets a bad rating, right? hahah jk I grew up in Dallas but I've never been here before. Yeah I know...where have I been? apparently, not playing golf at top golf. Oh man, I'm missing out on so much! it was so fun! I bet it's better when you're drunk! hahahaI have tips for you first timers because I was lost. I asked the girl to tell me what to do and she started talking about a card that I needed to get. I wasnt even sure why I needed a card but sure, I guess I'll take one. Okay, so you get a card with your name on it, you buy games and it's loaded on the card. You stick your card in the machine to get your golf balls...your name is electronically imprinted on it. It knows where your balls go, so if you hit it over the net get ready to pay for a broken window or something. You get 20 balls per game and that can go by pretty quickly....They have different sizes of clubs but not women. I started out with the little kitty clubs but then opted out for the standard.the staff were really attentive. Always walking around asking everybody if they needed anything.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,3/22/2012,203,202,3,14,5>DISCLAIMER: This review was written after making reservations for the Dram. If you want your party to for sure get in, MAKE RESERVATIONS. The long line outside is borderline impossible. Trust me, I've tried it... It doesn't matter how many hot girls you have with you either. Okay... This is a new fave spot in uptown. The Dram is great because there are plenty of spaces to lounge around on comfy velvet couches while chatting with friends to enjoy a night out... yet also offering the option of transitioning into a dance party later on if you choose to (without feeling like a college bar, thank goodness). The drinks are fab. The music is a posh mix of modern beats featuring indie, electro and TONS of old school jams (think 70s, 80s, early 90s) along with a new radio anthem here and there. At least this was true for the night I visited. This is a great spot to begin an evening with friends around 10-10:30pm (the music isn't as loud & you can hold a conversation), and as the hours progress, the vibe lets loose so you can still chill if you'd like OR dance the evening away if you get a bounce in your step! This place can please both the A) sophisticated crowd looking for an after-dinner lounge and B) bachelorette party looking to get their groove on. That is a really fine line to juggle, and the Dram does it like a pro. The decor is dim-lit, swanky and vintage chic complete with antique mirrors dressing the walls and old paintings with splashes of color. The fancy light fixtures add to the dim glow of The Dram, and it is sprinkled with all types of plush velvet couches, antique chairs and big coffee tables. This gives The Dram an intimate, cozy ambience, but the area is also quite large. My friend made a reservation via email for a party of 10 at The Dram, & the best part about it is that reservations do NOT have to include stupid bottle service! All of our guests got in right away with no questions asked (and no worries men, approx. half of our group was made up of guys) and the cocktail waitress happily gave us our own large area with two huge couches, 3 tables and 3 big seats! SCORE. Keep in mind this was without bottle service as well.... DOUBLE SCORE. The cocktail waitress tended to us all night, and the service was impeccable. The manager (named Dub) was also super friendly and helpful! Dress to impress at The Dram, and the crowd is a good mix of mid-twenties young professionals to mid-fifties couples and business people. All in all, The Dram is a VERY solid place so far, and I hope they don't change one thing about it!
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,3/21/2012,193,459,2,5,4>I really like the black and white pictures of old Dallas hanging on the walls here. Very nice touch. Oh yeah, the burgers and food are pretty good. My wife had the guacamole burger and I had a basic bacon-cheeseburger. The burgers aren't huge but they are a good size and allow enough room for you to enjoy some fries or tator tots. They didn't have any regular fries on a Monday night (weird?) so we had some chili tots. Back to the burgers. The meat is seasoned well and they don't overdue the veggies/mayo/mustard. Our tots were just basic tots with some chili dressing. All in all a decent burger joint with good service if you're in the area. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here as there are better places but Hunky's still gets my thumbs up.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2012,3/20/2012,491,214,5,7,6>I've been here twice over the past 2 weeks - once on a Friday evening and the other on a Sunday evening.  I have to say, what a great wine bar!  Ugly on the outside, but great on the inside.  I really dig the set up. The bar is made of granite which adds sophistication. I like the furniture.  The dark espresso leather couches grouped around a wrought iron & glass table are comfy & plush. The grouped chairs near the entrance are dark espresso leather. The long picnic table adds a bit of old world charm. I love the bottles of wine lining the walls. They hang various artists' art work (some good, some not so good - IMO) on the walls for purchase. I'm guessing they take a percentage, consignment style.  The two bartenders I've had, one male & one female,  were both nice.  What was odd was how empty the place was both times I went.  Sunday I can understand, because it's a Sunday (There was one woman at the bar, my friend, and me).  But Friday???  Really?  I asked the male bartender if this was the norm for a Friday and he said they usually have more customers.  He also said they have live music sometimes, but don't post it on their website.  Why the hell not?! The Wine Therapist has a menu of wines they serve by the glass and/or by the bottle.  You can also purchase bottles to take home.  Both times I went they didn't have a wine I ordered from the menu.  At least they were able to recommend something similar.  I've tried the hummus (good), which I think I've heard they get from Cafe Izmir, with Pita chips; and the salami (good) w/water crackers.  Other noshable items they have vary from prosciutto to various cheeses.  You can definitelybet I will be keeping this as a go-to hang out spot. ;-)
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,3/19/2012,44,77,3,3,3>Why should you see see a movie you've seen a million times yet again? Because it's at the Inwood, that's why.  Midnight cult flicks and great cocktails- is there a better combo?Even if you know every line, camera angle and plot twist by heart, the Inwood is a necessary requirement for viewing your favorite films. Every Friday and Saturday the Inwood theater plays a classic or cult film at midnight.  Some of the film are staples- The Big Lebowski plays every two months or so.  Mad Max Beyond Thunderdome is a regular feature as are The Dark Crystal and Ferris Bueller's Day Off.  There are many more movies that entr the rotation at least once a year such as Star Trek II The Wrath of Khaaaaaannnnn!, Barbarella, Queen of the Galaxy, Priscilla Queen of the Desert, Clue, Mommie Dearest and many other greats.  If you don't happen to think any of the above movies are cinema classics, then you obviously have no taste and/or personality.  Maybe you should take up birdwatching or something.  Stop reading now if this applies to you, because you are probably incapable of appreciating a proper cocktail as well.Now, any old movie theater can recycle nostagia pieces from decades past, but only the Inwood can pair them with incredibly comfy couches in place of standard movie seats and one of the best cocktail bars around.  The attached Inwood Lounge boasts exquisitly crafted drinks- there is NO better Cosmopolitan in town.  I know you're thinking the cosmo is soooo '90's.  Shut up.  The Cosmo was and is a great drink in the right hands.  It wasn't until the "tini revolution" of the mid to late '90's that it earned a bad name (damn you Sex and the City).  By 2000, a host of bad bartenders catering to pathetic girl-drink drunks had ruined a good thing.  At the Inwood, the skilled mixologists behind the bar understand the rules of proper drink proportions.  No overwhelmingly gross orangeyness from shitty triple sec.  No deep red color from overpoured cheap cranberry cocktail mix.  This is pure and true and right.  A base of good vodka (Belvedere please, only complete tools go with Grey Goose), a wisp of Cointreau, and  the evermost slight hint of true cranberry.  This is a drink to savor.  The lounge is open until 2:00 a.m., so you can have one, a few, several, or many drinks over the course of the movie.  Now, if you happen to pass out: 1) You'll have a supremely cozy and comfortable dozing spot.  2) You already know the movie by heart, so you're not really missing anything.  3) You'll know the movie's over when the teenaged usher who needs to clean up your spilled popcorn and drool wakes you up as the credits roll and politely escorts you out of the theater.   The above scenario is all hypothetical, of course, and not at all based on numerous personal experiences.
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2011,3/17/2012,70,221,7,7,7>MMMMMMMMMMMM fluffy heaven!!!!!I can't tell you about the service of Society but from what I understand it's impeccable!!!  The cupcakes are seriously little pillows of sheer JOY!  I say pillows because they are very fluffy and not too weighed down.  I tried a regular chocolate and the banana chocolate chip.  They both were wonderful but the banana was amazing!  I was not expecting it to be as flavorful as it was.  The banana was not overpowering and the chocolate added just enough.  I think that the frosting was a cream cheese.  This was the perfect frosting because the sweetness was perfect!You will never buy another grocery store cupcake after you try this place.  Goodbye Kroger's and H-E-L-L-O SOCIETY BAKERY!!!!!!
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,3/16/2012,263,343,7,5,4>I am not immune to the societal convention known as Valentine's Day.  Consequently, I too succumbed to the pressure by purchasing Chocolates.  For me, Russell Stover's, however tasty, would not do; no, it should Artisanal and I should have some hand in picking out what the tasty morsels should be.  No pre-made box for my girls!  In doing my research, Chocolate Secrets came up as one of the best in the area and they do not disappoint.  I cannot describe the ecstasy of the sea salted caramel or the pumpkin pie or the bananas foster; I can only say YUM!  So, men, if you're in trouble and you need help, and the A-Team is not available, spend your money and buy the best hand painted chocolates in Dallas.  On a side note, this goes out the HP woman who doesn't understand the concept of personal space.  We all know you're not 21, please do no try to dress like your granddaughter and Pfizer's made enough money on BoTox, you don't need to contribute anymore to their coffers.
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2011,3/15/2012,31,53,5,35,8>I can sum it up in three words...King Spa ROCKS!  But I will be a bit more descriptive in my review.  :o)When first entering the King Spa property, you feel like you are going on a safari.  Entering under an archway which supports giraffes overhead.  But then, you see this giant expanse of a building and when you enter the lobby you are greeted by granite, marble and elaborate couches.You check in and are given a key on a wristband that is numbered.  This is your "credit card" for your stay.  Any services you get will be charged to that number and the key will open your shoe locker and clothes locker.  You are also given shorts and a t-shirt to wear in the coed areas.  You take off your shoes, make your way to the female or male spa areas, pop your shoes into the shoe locker, shuck off your clothes and tuck them into your clothes locker, and make your way into the wet spa/sauna area.  Right there you have to put aside any modesty you may have.  Every woman in the place is naked (except the massage ladies who wear bras and panties).  You will see every body type imaginable and every age from babies to elderly lounging, bathing, scrubbing, pumicing, shampooing, and brushing teeth.  No one cares what you look like, so don't worry about it! Just relax and enjoy the experience.  This is advice from me, a larger gal.You must shower before entering the spas.  Soap and shampoo are provided - or you are welcome to put together your own spa basket with shampoo, soaps, body scrubs, etc, for your use.After you shower, slip into the warm, relaxing water.  There are several whirlpool spas of varying temperatures - including one with a giant teabag for cleansing properties.  Plus there is a cold plunge pool.I really enjoy sitting in the hot spas for some time getting my body temp up and then plunging into the cold water and spending 5 or so minutes there.  It's so revitalizing! I have to say, though, that I have been called crazy more than a few times in my life.I also recommend the body scrubs...or as I call them - exfoliating, lubricating and violating.  These ladies climb on you to reach every nook and cranny - they aren't shy about where there hands slip and slide!  They are also rough, in a good way.  You will feel soft as a newborn baby when you climb off their table.  Watch out for the up sell.  I was so in my own world when they mentioned the "aromatherapy" special, coupled with their thick accent, that I had trouble realizing what they were asking.  If you want the upgrade, go for it.  I don't think it's necessary to spend extra money on scented baby oil.  I do love the cucumber mask they put on your face, though!After you wile away time in the wet spa, you can shower, dry off and dress up in the issued uniform and make your way out into the coed common area.Here you will find saunas of varying temp and purpose.  You also have an oxygen room for napping, foot massage room, karaoke room, kids play area, movie theater, chairs to lounge in, and a restaurant.I like the salt sauna, cold room, and oxygen room.  The food I have had there has been awesome.  I like the pork cutlet (donkatsu) or the spicy pork.  With these bentos you get the best tempura veggies, fried dumplings, and a great cole slaw with tangy dressing.  I also like their frozen yogurt.  When you go to King Spa, plan on spending anywhere from 3 to 5 hours.  Also, I recommend going on days when  you can enjoy the experience after you leave, as well.  In other words, make it a day of relaxation and rejuvenation.  I try to go at least monthly now, and usually on weekdays.  Weekends are quite busy there with a lot of kids.  It's a family friendly place and, in addition to body size,  you will find every ethnicity there, as well.  It's really a unique experience!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,3/14/2012,159,174,7,9,7>I've never wanted a new restaurant to succeed more than I do this place! That statement alone says a lot about LA Burger. I first had a chance to meet the owner (who is a great guy that is passionate about his craft) and try out their food at a Yelp event about a week ago. The food was so good I had to try more of their selection. I came here on Saturday and ordered the Bulgogi Hogi and the Korean Style fries. Both were mouth watering, out of this world delicious! The fries are not on the menu yet so you have to ask about them. Its basically fries with kimchi, onion, and bulgogi. A simple combination that is perfection on your taste buds. I can honestly say in my opinion, LA Burger is the best Korean Fusion eatery in Dallas. Okay, I'm done doting and excessively complimenting this establishment. You have to go try this place out for yourself!
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,3/13/2012,212,403,6,8,7>To justify why i gave H-Mart a 5 star, I'll give you a litle inside about myself.  I absolutely enjoy just strolling around a grocery store.  You add a bakery, a small food court, and gift shops? That's essentially the recipe for anything i like.  Being korean, i've never really associated with many koreans.  H-mart gives me a weird feeling that i actually like.  I can easily interact with my fellow koreans while also getting fresh produce and meat.  There are days where i just go and walk around to see what's on sale or what strikes me that day.  Most of the time i end up just getting some bakery products from Tous Le Jours or go next door to the Yogurtland.  I've sampled some food at the food courts and they are pretty good and at a reasonable price.  They have some chinese food and sushi, but i tend to stick with the good ole korean food.  On some weekends, they will have some special deal going on, last time i went there were lobsters going for 6 dollars a pound.  Ain't nothing wrong with that.
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2011,3/12/2012,384,355,7,9,7>This is the best mani/pedi experience I've ever had!  The place is very nice, very clean, well maintained, and I did I mention they have a stocked bar!?  Also helpful- my nail guy spoke very good English; I could ask questions about the service which he fully understood and provided an informative response.I browsed their ginormous collection of polishes (OPI, Essie, China Glaze, etc.) and finally something that looked like a metallic black and something that looked like a purpley black (I hate having my toes and fingers in the same polish for some weird reason!)  My nail guy took my coat and purse and hung them up for me.  He gave me a cocktail menu and I ordered something like an Orangtini. He whipped it up and was back in a jiffy- it was quite tasty!  I perused the rest of the menu to notice all the services they offer- massages, facials, various manis and pedis, etc.  All reasonably priced.  They even offer a discount if you book three services together.The pedi was lovely, especially with the awesome massaging chair going to town and the HGTV up on the big screens!  Hot paraffin was a nice upgrade.  Both my toes and my nails looked great when I was done.  My only complaint is that the guy didn't paint the very paper thin tip of the nails, which causes the polish to not last as long.  Oh well, most places don't!  I'll be back here for sure, and I'm telling all my friends!
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/5/2011,3/11/2012,541,525,12,18,15>This just goes to show ya, you gotta try something before you make any assumptions. After reading some pretty beat reviews about this place I was really nervous about my appointment. Seeing as I bought a Groupon for the Brazilian Blowout, I didn't want to be treated any differently than if I hadn't bought it. Gah! For starters yes, the booking process is annoying. When I called to make my initial appointment I was irritated that someone had to take my # and call me back!? WTF? But I'm calling now? But the woman who called back was very nice and accommodating. I even had to reschedule once and they were totally cool. Sooo....I show up for my appointment and immediately I love the place. Totally rustic but sheik. After I checked in, Renee came walking around as cute as could be and took me back. After chit chatting for a few minutes "Have you ever had a Brazilian Blowout?" "You know how to make it last longer"...yada yada yada. We get started. I have to say that after having 4 of these done, this one was by far the BEST. Renee took her time, used two different flat irons (a baby one and a regular one, so she could get the lil whispies and my roots real good). She divided my hair into prolly 100 different sections. I was there over 2 hours (when usually I was walking out around the 1.5 hr mark). She even gave me a little bit of the masque to take home and use the first time I wash my hair. Lovely. True Story: When I realized that I hadn't put enough change in the meter outside...Renee not only used her own change but fed the meter for me!!! Heart.It's been 4 days and my hair is absolutely, unbelievably amazeballs!!! I've been at the pool (not swimming), sweating and being an overall crazy lady and my hair not only doesn't have one fly away, but ZERO kinks and it is just as straight now as it was 4 days ago. Suck on that biotches.  You had me at hello.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,3/10/2012,2046,587,5,18,14>Signs that this place is a top-notch establishment:- Tiffany Derry invites you back into her kitchen to say hello and chat for a few minutes- Lisa Garza is meeting a group of friends for cocktails and bites at the bar- The bartender makes you a few cocktails "on him" to get you to try different things- The head bartender, Rocco, remembers your pals who recommended the place to you (and what they drank!)I'm so glad this place found home on McKinney Ave. On a street filled with pubs with so-so food and sports bars, Private Social is a welcomed addition for those of us who still like to go to happy hour and have fancy cocktails and pay a bit more for great food.Chef Tiffany was a delight to meet (the introduction was prompted by the bartender) and she seemed genuinely happy to meet with us. I really enjoyed her trio dip - the bean and sage is my fave. We also ordered the Thai mussels, which arrived steaming hot and very flavorful. The broth was so good that I ended up slurping the remainder up with my spoon. And when we suggested that they be served with more bread, the bartenders noted that the kitchen is working on doing that soon. Duly noted! My thanks goes out to Leigh P who recommended the place - and Rocco the bartender. He was outstanding!PS - Order the Aviation and the Things That Make You Go Hmm cocktails. They aren't on the menu but are dangerously good.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,3/9/2012,61,233,1,6,2>Jonathon's is now the place I will bring any guest who happens to be in town during brunchtime.  I admit that I arrived with a single purpose: to try this chicken and waffles that had earned such great reviews. I'm a C&W fan to begin with, and these were OUT OF THIS WORLD delicious.  You know the feeling when you just need a moment - you can't even talk about what it tastes like, you just have to savor it? This dish practically brought tears to my eyes. Perfect waffle texture that's just slightly sweet,  and tender, juicy chicken are in harmony with the unique cream gravy that brings it over the top. My friend had The Kure at the recommendation of our hilarious server, and it was quite good, but I had the winning meal! Beyond my chicken and waffles praise, I was pleased that we were able to get in around 10:30 and we were seated right away!  We were served quickly and the staff made us feel right at home.  I like it when the servers are relaxed enough to share a joke and be genuine. Jonathon's is like coming over to a friend's house to eat, if you are lucky enough to have a friend who can cook like this!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2012,3/8/2012,239,468,7,3,3>Hello Riviera Spa. Remember me? The girl who had a horrible experience with not only the facial I received but the quality of the product line and entire spa itself? Well, I can't thank your co-owner Jenika enough for convincing me to come back and give you another try. Your new Eminence skin care line is absolutely heavenly AND all organic. I was pampered with your berry refined detox peel; the sweet aroma of blueberries and strawberry rhubarb was so overwhelming that I wanted to eat my face. That's right people...EAT MY FACE. Where else can you say that! Not only does my face look and feel amazing, I received an enormous amount of knowledge on my skin and body by Jenika. She was honest and backed up her statements with facts. Her knowledge on the new organic product line is also impressive. Most importantly, her scalp massages will make you melt because their that damn good.  What else makes Riviera Spa awesome? The level of customer service the new management has brought to the spa. I would not have stepped foot in Riviera again if it wasn't for the phone call I received from Jenika apologizing for my previous experience and her plans to change things. Well after my visit, things have definitely changed and it looks fabulous on you Riviera!
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2011,3/7/2012,61,125,3,6,3>I'm pretty sure I just sinned.Spicy Big Noodle - Pad Kee Mow (aka drunken noodle) you just changed my life. Please be mine forever?This place is spot on with their service...and their food...and their prices.  Holy moly.  I started with the Chicken Wonton soup, the portion size is 16 oz for like 5 bucks (typically get about half that for the price).  It had 3 huge wontons in it..no skimping there.  Not overly salted, fresh spinach and bean sprouts...mmmmm. The Spicy Big Noodle was the perfect blend of amazing and awesome ;)  Just the right amount of sauce, tons of fresh vegetables, and enough spice to have my nose slowly begin dripping...it was perfection.  Huge portion for 9 bucks - me and my guy split it and still had enough left over for another serving.  We were in and out in about 30 minutes.  I really didn't expect much from this place....but boy was I wrong.  Can't wait to try other items on their menu.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2011,3/6/2012,87,72,11,4,4>Maple and Motor won me over before I even walked in the door.Why you may ask? That paper sign on the door that says "Nobody came here to hear your screaming kid."  I'm one of those young, elitist, kidless types, who goes out to eat to relax with my friends and hate having someone's brat ruin it.  I don't blame the kid, I blame the parent- my parents didn't put up with that shit, or make others put up with it in public, and I feel like that's what M&M is trying to communicate: your kid is welcome, but treat the fellow patrons with respect and take them outside if they're being a pain in the ass. But I digress.  That alone isn't worth 5 stars, but the burger I had sure as hell is.  I'm giving it a tie for my favorite burger in Dallas with Meddlesome Moth... both are excellent, but different types of burgers when it comes down to it, so its hard to compare.When you want a traditional, homestyle, cooked at the best backyard bbq you've ever been to burger, hit up Maple and Motor.  The patty is juicy and well seasoned, the bun falls apart- but in a good way- and the toppings are fresh.  I love fried eggs on a burger, and the fact that they leave the yolk runny is a bonus.  Grilled onions and jalapenos were fantastic, and all the "add on" toppings are reasonably priced- as is the burger as a whole. Tots were good, and I usually hate tots. I got the cheesy tots with bacon and jalapenos.  Bacon makes everything better, but these would have been good on their own.  Pitchers of beer are cheap and cold, as they should be.A friend of mine ordered a brisket sandwich, and I tried it, and now I'm torn about what to get when I go back.  The brisket was insanely flavorful and paired well with the bun... but that burger's pretty damn good too.  I guess the only solution is to make Maple and Motor part of my regular dining rotation.  I'll be back for sure.  And hopefully, next time, I'll get a meal and a show as someone gets booted out for their screaming brat.  Now that would be an enjoyable dining experience.
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2012,3/5/2012,137,147,18,10,7>So I've been coming here with my Korean sweetie for a little over a year and finally, about the time that I think I'm all white on the outside and Korean on the inside and I'm ordering Korean beer and asking for 2nd servings of shikhye (super amazing sweet rice drink they serve you after your meal). I'm even starting to read and think in Korean by this time. I'm beginning to appreciate the superiority of the Korean race and Korean genetics and even thinking about driving Korean cars soon. Well right about this time she decides to tell me that I've been eating Korean BBQ the wrong way. That men eat the whole lettuce-wrapped bundle of meaty goodness all in one bite. So I've been eating it in like 2 or 3 bites or something. Basically there have been pockets of Korean businessmen dining near me, and the periodic laughter and korean accented derision I heard was probably directed at me: kind of like I was biting sushi in two instead of eating it in one bite.Well, that would have been helpful to know.Irregardless (commonly misued non-word indicating my slide away from English to Korean) this food can be eaten in one bite, two bites, or standing on your head flashing Korean gang hand signs if you like. It's still delicious and a feast of epic proportions. We usually get the standard marinated kalbi short ribs. All the banchan are tasty. The included-in-your-meal egg souffle and spicy miso soup hit the spot. Order a bottle of Makgeolli (Korean rice wine) and you'll be all set. The food quality is great and the experience is well worth it.So she was holding out about the one bite thing. But at least she told me early on that the cool Korean guys are the ones that strip off their smoky clothes at the front door and run to their car naked so they dont smell up their nice Hyundais with BBQ smell. I've been doing that each time and have noticed the admiring, knowing glances from the windows as I sprint by...
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,3/4/2012,180,156,7,10,2>I always drive past this place and giggle because thanks to cartoons, I always picture hoards of chubby penguins massaging your feet. But don't worry, humans work there, not penguins. When you walk in they seat you in a semi private room (walls but no doors, perhaps this is better for leery customers). You sit in a big comfy armchair and stick your feet into a bucket of warm water to loosen you up. There's not really a menu of services so just ask. There was a language barrier so I was only able to understand two services they offered. In the end, my cousin and I got an hour service-- 30 minute foot massage and 30 minute back massage for a whopping $40!For those who think a $40/hr massage can't be as good as the $100/hr massage at places with high-thread count sheets, smell-good candles, and people who speak with extremely low voices, YOU ARE WRONG. Yea, it doesn't smell as good but you come out just as relaxed as the overpriced places (if not more relaxed).P.S. you can watch TV while they're massaging your feet, they take credit card, and you keep your clothes on during the back massage. Dress appropriately!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,3/3/2012,213,499,4,7,5>Well, I guess it's time for me to turn in my foodie card and move to the suburbs! I actually was really pleased with my pizza at Pie Five!  We needed something quick and this fit the bill perfectly.Others have done a good job explaining the setup--it is exactly like a Chipotle or a Subway for pizza.  My husband had the chicken carbonara pizza and added diced tomatoes upon the pizza lady's suggestion.  I had the Athenian but switched out the chicken for pork sausage, added a bit of marinara sauce to the garlic alfredo sauce, and added spinach as well.  Seriously, not bad Pie Five! The crust is kind of a crispy cracker texture--not a lot of flavor on its own but the toppings added plenty of that.  There are a ton of options, I enjoyed both the white sauce only and the white/red combo...not sure what the marinara tastes like on its own.    All the ingredients were fresh; my Athenian even had fresh shredded herbs and a sundried tomato basil drizzle on top.  So yeah...don't go comparing it to everyone's favorites (and uh, don't tell Jay Jerrier I gave this place four stars) but it's a pretty cheap and fun concept to get your own individual pizza with whatever you want on it and no compromising with your friends!I'd say give it a try...you might not like it but you'll only be out a few bucks...or you might be like me and be pleasantly surprised!
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2011,3/2/2012,2329,510,14,22,7>As an Ethiopian-American gal, I have grown up on injera my entire life. So I don't want to to toot my own horn here, but Toot-Toot!!! I'm a pretty decent judge of the cuisine's authenticity. I give it an A+!The problem with many international restaurants is you either get tasty authentic food in a rundown venue or get a beautiful modern venue with an average meal. Fortunately, this NOT the case when it comes to Desta Restaurant. Here you have an extensive menu full of delicious options while still enjoying a clean, beautiful, spacious, and modern setting.If this is your first time eating Ethiopian food, I would recommend going for the most popular options ---Awaze Siga Tibs (spicy beef stew with sauted onions, peppers, tomatoes) or Doro Wat (spicy chicken dish with a hard boiled egg on the side). If you are afraid of spicy food or are a vegetarian, you do not have to worry about sacrificing flavor! Ethiopians make mean vegetable combinations (lentils, cabbage, carrots/ beans, salad) which  provide colorful options and have an exotic taste.For non-Amharic speakers, there might be a language barrier with the waitresses, but the staff is still extremely friendly and hospitable. Don't be scurrrrred to ask questions about the menu! This is the Ethiopian Restaurant I recommend to my friends here in Dallas. If I am not cooking at home, this is the next best thing to it!
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2012,3/1/2012,300,537,,14,5>I found this on groupon, and $25 for 10 classes seemed like a steal to not resist.  I found out a few of my friends signed up, so a few of us signed up for our first class together.  You have to call in advance to get into the class you want to attend because it only holds up to 10 people per class which makes it more personal and one on one.  They provide hand wraps(I recommend buying them at a sports store- get the one that says 180), and they provide gloves if you don't mind the funk,sweat, and smell of a used glove.  Bendu was an extremely nice guy who didn't seem intimidating, and his assistant was really nice as well.  We started off with a warm up which consisted of 4 reps of 25 jumping jacks, running normally, quick run when he yells it, and squats in place.  We did that for a few minutes before we got to the ring and bags.  We were instructed on how to stand, and use different boxing techniques.  We were split into 2 groups, one group with the bags and one group in the ring.  The routine works out your whole body, and you can burn anywhere between 500-800 calories.  Not bad if you want to mix your routine up and trying something new.  I will definitely come back and get my boxing on.  The bags were fun because you don't realize how much you are working your arms and abs.  It was definitely a fun workout.
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/2/2011,2/29/2012,167,230,5,5,5>KP Chicken: Fossa, I've never had a bad cupcake.Me: Me neither Kung Pao. I hope these cupcakes rock as much as Fossa does. You see, me and KP Chicken consider ourselves cupcake experts. In actuality, we've probably had cupcakes at about 5-6 different places...so we're only experts in our own world.The store is nothing short of adorable. We arrived right at closing time, but the girl behind the counter was more than welcoming. They still had some flavors in the case and I was a little apprehensive at first. My first thought was that they have been sitting there all day and...meh, I don't want that. The girl also said there were some in the back. So KP got wedding cake and I got the pink champagne flavor. The girl put them in a foam box and we ran to the car to we could get home and chow down.Much to our surprise these cupcakes were the best we've had. It's almost like we really didn't know what cupcakes were supposed to taste like. The cake was so light and fluffy. The icing on both cupcakes were almost marshmallow-y...very light and sweet. I wasn't crazy about the gummy on the top of the cupcake, neither was KP. We are cupcake purists. So needless to say -- these cupcakes rocked as much as Fossa.
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,2/28/2012,150,120,16,20,8>A little background...I have a beautiful female French Bulldog rescue and she is my constant shadow.  She loves me so much you would think I had rescued her from a fire-breathing dragon that was ready to chomp her smushed little head off.  She is OBSESSED with me.  No one else gets to walk her.  She won't "stay" and let me walk away like she is supposed to do in her doggy training class.  She just hates to see me leave.Cue Happy Tails.This little bitch runs up to the door and lets Manny or Rhonda take her without looking back for a second!  Manny is a fuckin dog whisperer, I tell ya.  She even lets him pick her up and give her kisses!  It took me a long time to pick Happy Tails.  As obsessed as Elvira is with me, I am the same with her.  So...I was disappointed to learn that HT does not have a webcam I can watch all day long at work.  I was bummed in their lack of website period.  But apparently I need to get over that because when you meet these folks you can see the love they have for all of the dogs in their care.  The facility is not just a big gated area like other places I've seen:  There are bunkbeds.  Couches. Mini-furniture.  Water bowls galore.  Blankets.  Doggy Beds.  It looks like a HOME.  Ok..a messy home. But a home.  Other facilities I've seen have large open areas that, honestly,  look very boring and unhappy.  The owners here remember each dogs name. Rhonda noticed when Elvira got a new collar, and both owners were thrilled to hear she got second place in the PetSmart costume contest.  Right now theyre in the process of posting photos of every dog in their daycare.  They just really care and the dogs, and I get a very good vibe here.Oh!  Bonus- Its actually cheaper than everywhere else I've been.  $15 gets my small dog admission each day, and if I buy a bundle of 6 days I get one free.
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,2/27/2012,304,217,3,18,7>Love the vibe. Love the food. Love the cocktails. Great addition to the Design District! I'll be back.This is a fun and hip new restaurant with great food, great price points and great music. You could still hear the person sitting next to you but the music might not appeal to your great grandparents...save this place for your fun and hip cool friends when you want to feel energized!Appetizer: We started with the crab and calamari appetizer. It's really like a crab cake full of crab and a few tender calamaris so don't expect a big fried plate of calamari.Dinner:My friend had the Duo Kobe Beef I started with the Cod but it was served with these little fried balls that were way too salty for me and everything I tasted afterwards made it seem like I was eating a salt stone but the waitress graciously and promptly without hesitation suggested the chicken and it was delicious. Even my beef-loving friend thought the chicken might have been better than the Kobe beef but they were all good.Dessert:We ended with the Maple Pecan Bread Pudding...at first I thought I didn't want dessert and was happy drinking my yummy cocktails but my friend ordered it anyways and BOY...Was I glad he did! Awesome! It was SOOO good! Wish I had some right now!! I had some friends eating there that said the eggnog cheesecake was delicious as well.Cocktails: All were good and the bar manager would sometimes grab a straw to ensure the other bartenders made it the way it was suppose to taste. We had the following cocktails: Pomegranate Daisy (my guy friend had this and got it on the rocks but I think its normally served in a martini glass...I think he was trying to downplay the "daisy" part of the drink.LOLita (Lower Oak Lawn (ita) - YUM! Loved itThe Gemstone - YUM! Loved it...I might have liked it even more than the LOLita but both were goodThe Mighty Oak - I'm not a bourbon (friends drink, he really liked it)Hamilton Dark & Stormy (friends drink). When this drink was first made it had too much ginger-soda taste, the bar manager tasted it and remade it and it seriously was a completely different cocktail. Much better!Thanks for the wonderful experience, Oak! Can't wait to go back!
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2011,2/26/2012,290,376,4,14,10>FINALLY made it to this long bookmarked spot for an early dinner on a mid-week night. Mr. Bear's review pushed my buttons; just couldn't put it off any longer. BFF & I arrived around 1700, and the bar was already packed, but the dining area was light in attendance at this early hour. We were seated at a corner table in the back of the room which was quite comfy. Michael, our server, was there in the blink of an eye, ready to take our drink orders. He returned with our usual glass of Pinot and a Miller Lite, and proceeded to tell us about the menu. He suggested the "split" dinner; each of us getting half of the other's entree order on our plate. Awesome idea Michael. We'll go for it. Service by this friendly, humorous, cheerful young man was a stellar "5". One St. Louis Rib entree, one Baked Stuffed Fish with two sides; one Mac & Cheese, one Potato Cake. We sit back then to sip and chat about our respective day. Food delivered in appropriate amount of time. We had varying opinions about our meal: Started our food coma when those huge, soft, light Popovers arrived at the table. BFF scarfed his down in moments; I nibbled on mine, not wanting to fill up prior to the great calories on the way. Sure wish I had one right now. Drool ! I LOVED the Ribs; not usually being a fan of St. Louis style, these were magnificent. Fall off the bone tender; moist, with a perfect glaze of BBQ sauce. (And a large serving of 5 each, several of these luscious morsels came home with me for the next day) BFF thought the Ribs were okay, but emphatically said ones I make are better. Awww, what a nice thing to say.  (I think that could be a hint to have him over for dinner?)  I didn't care for the too vinegar-ry BBQ sauce on the side. BFF liked it. We both enjoyed the Baked Stuffed Fish, with crab, shrimp, scallops, Tilapia & Ritz crackers in a lemon butter sauce. Flaky, tender, flavorful and a HUGE portion. Again, more for me tomorrow traveled home. Onto the sides: the Mac & Cheese was the star of the accompaniments. The smoky flavor of the Gouda cheese was heavenly, and the truffle oil & ham bits added a unique taste . YUMALICIOUS! The Potato Cake was disappointing. In a word...bland. No detection of an onion-y flavor I expect in this starchy goodness. More seasoning and spice would have improved this dish. BFF thought it pretty good. Different taste buds for sure. The meal overall was pretty spectacular. I felt the wine pour was surprisingly sparse; couldn't have been more that 4-5 ounces.  I hope for (and expect) at least 6-7 oz. for the price of a glass of wine these days. I want a big glass of Vino with my meal !! One reason for 4 stars instead of 5. Really like the dimly lite atmosphere and decor. However, towards the end of our evening, the noise level was not conducive to much conversation. By 1800, the dining area was almost full, and due to the closeness of the tables, the volume of surrounding conversing was pretty distracting. Another reason for a 1 star deduction. BFF commented that if there had been 4 of us at this 4 top, we would have been literally shoulder to shoulder. The table directly adjacent to ours was almost that close. I can only imagine how packed and loud it must be on a weekend evening.Most definitely will keep KWFG on the to go to list; several other menu enticements will call my name; however, next time, an even earlier arrival for dinner to avoid the crowds at this happening spot. Obviously, folks flock here for good reason. I'm certainly glad I did.
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2011,2/25/2012,193,251,9,10,8>Damn it! Damn it, damn it, damn it! Don't eat here, ever! Don't go and get completely addicted to some of the best pulled pork you'll ever have. Don't get used to moist, well seasoned, juicy, delicious BBQ goodness. Don't try the Chicken that's every bit as good as the pork. Don't get the Mac N' Cheese that'll make you want to shovel it down by the truck load. But most importantly DO NOT TRY the stuffed JALAPENO's! These large fresh peppers are loaded with pulled pork and cream cheese. Wrapped with a hardy strip of bacon and grilled to absolute perfection.  My stomach is trying to escape my body right now just to get another FIX of these amazingly delicious little devils.  Since I visited on Friday afternoon for lunch it's all I think about. So unless you're Huey Lewis and you want a new drug, DO NOT GO HERE. If you do decide to eat here, you're gunna have to face it, you're addicted to....... Jumping back to reality it's a family run business, the owner Allen clearly knows his way around the restaurant business and the smoker. Service was great! Food was OFF THE CHARTS GOOD, cleanliness was SPOTLESS, I can't find a single thing they could do better, and I can always find something to assert a critique on. There's an empty t-mobile store next to the restaurant. I have a feeling that space could easily be expanded into.  It really does pain me that I'm going to start wasting quite a bit of money in gas driving out to northern Lewisville for BBQ. But the damage is done, I'm hooked. Looking forward to the baby back ribs that I'm told are terrific. Although I'm a little disappointed they aren't St. Louis style. But like the terminator says, I'll BE BACH.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2012,2/24/2012,311,518,3,6,4>On a tip from Frances G I tried the veggie dumplings, they were wonderful, they even stayed good after an hour car drive, I just popped them into the oven to crisp them up some. Also tried the Tom Yum soup the first time there. With that said, the second time I came in it was equally as wonderful, in fact more so. They have a wonderful selection of craft beers, wines, and ciders. I spotted an $8 bottle of Crispin Artisinal Reserve "The Saint'. It was fabulous. My girl had the thai tea which she enjoyed. We started off with the avocado crab rolls and the disappeared in less than a minute!  I honestly don't remember what we had for entrees but it was very good. The owner is really nice and personable and was more than happy to discuss with us anything about the menu. Will be back again and again!
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/22/2012,2/23/2012,85,165,2,4,3>This is where I need half-stars. Molankis would get a solid 4.5 stars from me. This very small store front serves up a super tasty burger...fresh and juicy, with nice, high-quality toppings. My burger was huge, and slightly messy...not for dainty appetites. But even better than the burger, in my humble opinion, were the fries! Oh, man, were they good! I have never had fries like this before...they were hand cut, and they had some kind of seasoning mix sprinkled on them that had a slightly sweet flavor. I would go here just for the fries. Now, the only drawback: as everyone else has said, this place was sssllooowwwww. It wasn't crowded during our dinner time visit, and our food took a really long time to come up. As in, exchanging jokes about waiting for the cow to be born behind the restaurant slow. But, now that we KNOW that, it's not a big deal. We'll just not plan on coming here if we're in a hurry. I don't mind waiting for my food if I know it's being made fresh, and that's definitely the case here. Oh, I guess there IS another small drawback: bottled sodas. Meh. But, oh well. In summary: loved Molankis. Wish it were closer. Will be back.
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2011,2/22/2012,101,98,9,9,7>I was anti-trying this place out after I tried Goghee To Go korean tacos in downtown and Chilantro in Austin....but thank God I didn't listen.  This place blows the other two out of the park..makes them look like unrefined little newbs.Only minus star was that it was SO slow-- 25 min for 3 tacos- I can't imagine what it would be like if there was a rush. (altho well worth the wait).  And nowhere to eat- they should probably add bar stools so people can scarf down a couple tacos before leaving.$2 per taco, $0.25 extra for kimchi.  I had the chicken, galbi, and bulgogi.  Chicken was definitely the most flavorful and best texture.  Wasn't a fan of the bulgogi.  Onion/chilantro sauce was great- added a sour kick to it. ***Big tip of the day- DO NOT I repeat do not get the tacos with flour tortillas.  I tried both and the corn was 100000x better.  At least try it with corn- it won't disappoint!I confess- I couldn't wait to eat them...let alone wait the 30min drive back to the office (yes- I drove 30 min for these tacos).  SO solution was- I ate them in the car.  sad- I know. But so satisfying nonetheless.  I think I'm going back on my drive home!
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2011,2/21/2012,191,168,,7,3>Someone sideswiped my car when I had to park off the street while my parking lot at the condo was being restriped - no card, a true hit and run.  The last time I needed body work done on  my card I took my car to the body shop of my ex-boyfriend, HBS Auto, and they did a real shit job on the car.  I was told by Alex @ Excalibur that the car was never primed and the paint chipped within the first 2 mths.Alex was very good about explaining what needed to be done and kept open communication between myself and the insurance company - explaining their requests to adjust his estimate and what those differences meant to me in quality and cost.I have rental coverage so when I was ready to leave the car, he had Enterprise pick me up at the front door.I never had to call for a status of the repair and my car had been washed and vaccuumed ou when I picked it up a few days later.  I hope I never need anymore body work on my car but if I do, Alex gets my biz!
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2011,2/20/2012,203,237,2,4,3>I've had Tillman's bookmarked for over a year now and finally went.  We made 8pm reservations on Sat night and were seated immediately upon arriving.  After reading all the reviews, I decided ahead of time that I had to try the chicken-fried steak (CFS) and the Smores.The CFS here is literally that.  It's a 3/4" thick hanger steak cooked to a perfectly pink medium and then battered and deep-fried.  Without a doubt, it's the best "CFS" I've ever tasted (and most expensive at $24, but totally worth it).  I also tasted my friend's buffalo short-rib.  It was tender and slightly leaner than your typical beef short-rib. It's a good alternative to the CFS if you're hungry for red meat.  The truffled tator tots stuffed with goat cheese are an insanely decadent side dish.  The skillet cornbread was just okay.  The flavor was fine, but it didn't have the crisp crust I was hoping for.Tableside Smores!  They're every bit as fun as your typical campfire Smores but much tastier in my opinion  Everything I dislike about traditional Smores (overly sweet & too much dry cracker) is rectified with Tillman's version.  The combination of dark chocolate, thin homemade graham crackers, and flavored homemade marshmallows (maple, coffee, orange) is addictive.  One order is enough to serve 4-6 people.  Extra graham crackers will run you $2.5-stars for gourmet versions of American classics served up in a charming country-chic atmosphere.  I recommend coming with a group of 4+ because most of the appetizers and desserts are too large to share for a couple.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2011,2/19/2012,47,155,2,14,4>I wasn't going to write anymore reviews for places on the square because I think I'm really partial to the square (I think I've said this before, possibly repeatedly) but I'm making an exception here. Grotto Live is the new live rock bar attached to Sauce on the Square. We'd never made it to Sauce before Grotto opened so it's opening was a great excuse to go.  Sauce is fantastic but that deserves a review all on its own.  I want to put in a good word for Grotto while trying to preserve some credibility as a Yelper. Pros:  It's on the square.  You can order from Sauce's menu.  It's small, so it feels really intimate.It has a loft with a separate bar so you can look down on whoever's playing (you know, physically down, not "down" as in "down your nose", though you might because your eyes are pointed in that general direction)The downstairs has tables like a a regular restaurant, with normal size tablesThe upstairs has couches and ottomans and a couple of cocktail tables (and a separate bar ... did I mention that?)They have very atttentive management. If you leave with a complaint,you couldn't have mentioned it to the manager.  Maybe he just thought I was famous (but I doubt it).Good bands.Excellent strawberry daquiri (but they need to learn to put sugar on the glass)Cons:It's small.  If you don't get the intimate vibe, you might get claustrophobia.The speakers on the wall upstairs are pretty much at ear level.  While a great date spot, you aren't going to be having a whispered conversation. (Of course, name a rock bar where you are).One of my Twitter friends thought it was pretentious. Overall, I loved it.  It reminds me of, say ... Red Jacket meets Tipperary (back in the 90's) (when the Tipp was itty bitty, before it moved to Live Oak).  The hostesses are all knock-outs and are silhouetted against the front window while the sun is still up.  Not sure if that is a good thing or a bad thing.  Band that played while I was there was "Ground Control" and played really good covers of Red Hot Chili Peppers, Police and Matchbox 20.  Definitely noting when they play again to go back and spend more time.Although you can order food upstairs until 7, I wouldn't advise it  - the cocktail tables are made for cocktails, not plates and service. (If you order food, try the chicken and prosciutto.  It's really good).
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2012,2/18/2012,172,285,4,6,5>How is it possible that I, the biggest ice cream lover on this planet, only JUST discovered La Original Michoacana? Despite it's slightly run down exterior, step inside La Original Michoacana to be greeted by friendly service and unique flavors of delicious, creamy homemade ice cream. Upon discovering it was our first time in, they recommended flavors and let us try as many as we wanted. There were some tropical flavors like yellow cherry and guanabana, as well as queso, spicy mango, and your typical ice cream flavors like chocolate and strawberry. I settled for the rum raisin, which was so creamy and not overly sweet. I loved the gooey texture of the ice cream. I will definitely be back to try the other flavors, plus the popsicles I eyed when leaving.
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,2/17/2012,88,90,2,5,3>Pretty legit authentic Mexican food, as opposed to Tex-Mex.  I have to agree with others that their margaritas rock too.  I've been here a couple of times now and have gotten to try several dishes off their menu, and all have been fantastic.  As far as service goes, I typically feel that 80% of places offer service that is forgettable - not great, not bad, just get the food out correctly, on-time, with a smile.  Then there's 5-10% who do a great job at service or an awful job.  Meso Maya happily falls in that 5-10% of places who do a great job in my opinion.  Each server I had was very knowledgeable about the menu and did a great job providing recommendations and what made each dish unique.  I'm not sure if it's because they're still relatively new or not, but I hope that they keep it up.Glad to see this place doing well in North Dallas.  Judging by their crowd on Friday night, it's still very much one of the "cool" places to go to.  I hope that this place stays that way and sticks around for a while...
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,2/16/2012,259,574,5,6,7>This place is fantastic. I can't tell you how glad I am to have this in my neighborhood. I somehow was slow in finding this gem, but since finding it I've been about twice a week (or more!).It's a small place in a strip mall, but the decor is really cute. I love the black and white with red accent color palette (same colors we had at our wedding, actually). The staff and owners are fantastic. Everyone I've encountered in my visits to MB cares about making sure you have a good experience. They care. It's that simple. Most places you go these days either simply don't care or they pretend to care because they are supposed but its not as genuine as the staff at MB. As if that wasn't enough.. the food is PHENOMENAL! I mean I expected it would be good enough, but  pretty much everything I've had there I absolutely love. The aracini are to die for. Best "rice balls" I've ever had. Super delicate. The biscuits and apple butter are so good I was tempted to try apple butter other places (originally I thought I wasn't an apple butter fan), but it turns out I pretty much only like the MB apple butter.They switch up the soups every other day or so and every soup I've had has been fantastic. Chicken Misto is probably my absolute favorite dinner dish so far - pan seared breast with fresh mushrooms with a super delish white wine sauce, served with orzo pasta and vegetable of the day (every time I've been its been sauteed veggies - usually squash and maybe peppers and mushrooms - and they are cooked exactly how I like them). I know it sounds like eh oh yeah its another chicken dish meh whatever, but its so so good. Trust me. Try it.Bistro roasted chicken is also super good. I believe it was a half a chicken roasted to perfection. Juicy, flavorful, yum. I'm not a huge mashed potato fan so I'd sub them out, but its up to you. Tues and wens they offer 2 specials (1 for $12 and 1 for $16 - both include soup or salad, entree, and dessert) and each time I've tried the special its been great. I had an Italian sausage, spinach, mushroom and ricotta crepe dish once (so good I went back and got it again the next day!) and I've also tried a ginger lime chicken special (which had unexpected cilantro I had to remove, but once I did it was delicious)The specialty cocktails are only $5 and each one of these I've tried has been good - I think the strawberry basil lemonade is my favorite so far.The desserts are $5 and totally worth it. I've tried the Limoncello cake, the hazelnut crepe, banana pudding (was a special), and the OMG cupcake (white chocolate ganache filled chocolate cupcake - with whipped cream on top). I think the cupcake is my favorite. It was like the biggest best homemade hostess cupcake I ever had.As you can tell... I'm a huge fan. If you haven't been here yet GO NOW. But try not to go when I'm going because I don't want to not be able to get a table, OK?
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2011,2/15/2012,188,317,,6,4>Nana seems to be one of those places you save for special occasions.  For me, I dined in celebration of my anniversary.  I recommend asking for a window view when you make your reservation.  We came right as the sun was going down, so by the time we left, we had a great view of downtown at night.  The atmosphere of the restaurant was very nice and upscale.  You have waiters in suits ready to provide you with anything you need.  Above everything else, Nana excels in atmosphere, the city view and service.  Those components are all definitely 5 star.The food at Nana was good.  It didn't necessarily blow me away or make me want to write about it on my Facebook status, but it was a good meal that I'd be open to revisiting again.  As our waiter made suggestions on various items, I have to say he did a great job at describing the food and making things I hadn't considered get another look.  For example, I ordered the Wild Mushroom Bisque.  By no means am I a huge mushroom fan.  I'm fine with it as a add-on component to something, but not as the primary ingredient.  Our waiter's description of this soup made me want to order it.  I'm glad I did because it was probably my favorite thing of the overall meal.  Get the bisque!In addition to the soup, we started our meal with the seared calamari appetizer.  They were nice enough to split this on two plates to make it easier to share.  The thing I think that was most impressive between this and our entree would be the accompaniments added to the plate to enhance or compliment the overall flavors.   For my entree, I had the Slow Roasted Berkshire Pork Belly.  There is absolutely nothing healthy about this one - two squares of roasted pork and crispy skin oozing with flavor.  The skin was the best part!Once we were done with this meal, the restaurant gave us a plate of three desserts in celebration of our anniversary.  It was a nice touch to end a great evening.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,2/14/2012,608,886,2,28,12>It took me weeks to do my research to think of the perfect place for a Bridal Shower - and I decided to go with Eden.  Why do you ask?  The owner/chef Karen was very nice when I spoke to her over the phone and no matter how many times I called to ask about this and that, she was very pleasant with me and very patient. (I also yelped a ton of places and this place had great reviews - thanks Yelp once again!)We had a good group of ladies at the shower (about 12 people) and we were able to reserve the back of the restaurant so we could play games and be as loud as we wanted to :) (I hope we weren't too loud!)  The place isn't too hard to find, but if you go a little too far, it's a quick U-turn.  There's parking in front of the restaurant and you can actually park at the stores to the right and left of Eden.  Although it's not a big restaurant, I like how quaint and cozy it makes you feel.  It's definitely an ideal place to come for a quiet lunch/dinner or to go on a romantic date where you can actually HEAR what the other person is saying.  When I first walked in - the first thing I noticed (on the right, where the cashier is) was the window displaying delicious looking cakes! Yummmmy *drooool*  Definitely gotta come back to try a slice. . .or 2. . . or 3 :POur reservation was at 3, but they let me come earlier to set up and decorate.  And let me tell you there aren't very many places that offer High Tea on Sunday with flexible hours!  They were very easy going with letting me do whatever I wanted with the room - they were even going to let me play my own music!  I also was able to rearrage the tables according to how we were going to play the games - the staff was more than willing to help me with the set up and they always came back to check up to see if I needed anything - super super nice people.When everyone sat down and we were ready for our High Tea experience, it was WAY beyond what I was expecting (and I think everyone else was amazed and blown away).  The first course was tea sandwiches and they were so MANY!  We had 4 kinds: Egg salad, Cucumer/cream cheese, Salmon, and  Pimento cheese.  Second course were the scones, tiny muffins, and zucchini bread w/mascarpone cheese, jelly, & butter.  SOOO delicious when you put some of the mascarpone cheese + jelly on the scones.  Last course was the desserts: Chocolate dipped apricots, mini lemon bars, and other yummy baked goods (don't know the exact names of em, but they sure were yummy!).  We were also given a menu of teas before the date of the shower so we could choose which one to have with which course.  We were actually able to have 4 teas and they were all really good: Honeyed Plum, Fusion White & Green, Jasmine Green, and Orange Spice Black.  My favorites were the Fusion W&G and the Orange Spice Black.We had a game for each course and we played an extra game at the end - I thought we were only going to be there for about 2 hours, but it lasted FOUR hours!  We had so much fun and they let us take our time with indulging in the delicious goodies that we didn't even know time went by so fast.  AND the BEST thing of all was that we had a TON of leftovers - all in which they packaged up nicely for us:  we had SEVEN boxes of leftovers!!! Needless to say, we were MORE than satisfied, even to the next day when we ate our leftovers.  I'd definitely recommend this place for private parties - and I'll definitely be back for lunch and dinner.  Oh - and I forgot to mention that the price is very affordable for High Tea (look at their website or call them for pricing).  You can also BYOB with a $5 corkage fee and they provide glasses and champagne flutes.Thanks Chef Karen + team for the wonderful setup and delicious treats and tea! :)
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2011,2/13/2012,207,393,3,4,6>Went with friends on a Friday and was really pleased. Panevino has an understated, sophisticated Crate & Barrell decor, reasonably priced menu, with plenty of near-by amenities thanks to their location in the Village at Allen? Shops at Willowbend? Legacy something? Town Square? Allen Station? Who knows? Burgeoning mega-planned shopping developments look the same. They should all just be called "Lega-villow-square-tion Shop-eria." But I digress. We were seated right at 6:30; by 7:00pm there was a wait. There's really no unused space and no separate bar area to accommodate more than eight people, so if you're going to wait, you'll be standing right by the door. If you're dining near said door, you very well have more sausages near your pizza than you ordered. The clientele covered a wide range - families with kids in tow; 30-somethings out with friends; and adult couples. [edit: Panevino does have a kid's section on their menu]. The reasonable prices and prevalence of kid-friendly "pizza" seemed to attract a family crowd, even though their website gives off a wine bar vibe (to me, at least). It could be more of a tapas and wine bar, which very well may be the case later in the evening. I was in pretty early. It may turn into the Southlake Coal Vines after 9pm (ie, cougar den). OMG, enough of that. How about the food, already?! Fine. I love anitpasta and really enjoyed Panevinos. All meat. None of that lettuce or olive filler crap some places give you. This was all meat, with very little cheese. In fact, just a few slivers of parmesan. So, you have to really like hard, cured meats. One meat, though, seemed straight out of an Oscar Mayer Olive Loaf pack. Other than that selection, the cured meats were great. Next, we had a white pizza (Bianca) which was really mild, which is the point of a tomato- and meat-free pizza. It let's the creaminess of the mozzarella, herbiness of the oregano, and smokiness of the wood-fired crust stand out. Next, we had the Tortelina Alla Ruso, which is a pink vodka sauce. (No, you can't taste the vodka.) Supposedly the alcohol brings out flavors in the tomato that remain hidden when cooked in other ways. Vodka sauce in general is such a silky sauce - butter, cream, tomatoes. That's about it. Maybe some salt and garlic, but it's really a delicate sauce with a velvety finish. Panenvino's sauce is top-notch and it works really well with the tortellini, because biting into a tortellini releases a bit of the cheese, which further mixes with the pink vodka sauce and everything just oozes together gracefully. Really, there's no chewing involved: Creaminess is the only texture you'll get, so just mush it your mouth and smear it all over your chompers and savor it. My suggestion would be to pair the Bianca white pizza, which has no tomatoes, with the Ruso pasta so you get two very different flavor profiles: Herbey, smokey and cheesey pizza; rich, silky, a bit heavier tomato- & cream-sauced pasta. The Ruso wouldn't stand-up too well if paired with a spicy sausage pizza, for example. Next time I'm in, I may not wander far off from this pairing. It could easily become my default, which is unusual because I rarely get something more than once. I'd rather sample. A few things Panevino needs to work on. First, drink service is slow. 2 minutes. I expect my drink 2 minutes after I order it. I'm serious. Enter it in the computer. Bartender pours my draft or glass of wine. Server picks up on the way back through to the dining hall. Panevino has no excuse. The place is tiny and the bar is right in the middle. If you order mojitos or a blender drink, then maybe . . . actually, don't order those, you douche. Next, garnish your dang plates. I HATE eating off of monochromatic white plates. It looks so BORING and institutional. How hard is it to chop some parsley and rim the plate prior to delivery? For example, my Ruso, while great, was a mushy pink blob inside a white high-rimmed bowl. It could have been Pepto Bismol and slugs in a Kangol, I don't know. Presentation, people! Ruso needs toast points or shaved parm in the middle to visually break-up the pink mush, and again, rim the damn plate. Finally, loose the pizza serving "Lazy Susans" made of wood. Don't tell me that passes Health Inspection. I see nothing but deep grooves on a wooden cutting- and serving-block with a bulky base and bearings, all of which I know isn't getting washed or bleached (they'd rust and warp). So everyone and their dog is eating off these wooden blocks and you supposedly wash them thoroughly, right? Not buying it. Get some washable and bleach-able serving ware. But really, that's it. If I'm bitching about little things, that's OK. I tend to bitch about little things because it is the little things that will make or break a restaurant in an area over-run with fast casual and finicky diners.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2011,2/12/2012,208,14,27,10,12>Uncle Mitty has been regularly saddlin' up to the bar at The Lounge at the Inwood Theatre since 1995. Uncle Mitty first went there on a blind date with this high-falutin' gal, Janice, that he met in the personals section of the Dallas Observer.Back in them days, Uncle Mitty purtnear always wet his whistle in drinkin' establishments near his homestead in Mesquite.  But this here Janice wouldn't have anything to do with havin' a drank in Mesquite. So she insisted that she and Uncle Mitty meet at the Lounge.Uncle Mitty reckons that this Janice didn't cotton much to Uncle Mitty when she laid an eye on him cuz soon after she ordered up this here martini, she excused herself to the powder room and never came back.  Didn't make no difference to Uncle Mitty since she looked like one of those "high-maintenance" type of gals.Your Lounge at the Inwood is not-too-fancy and lots of fellers and their ladies go there after watchin' the movin' picture show at the Inwood Theatre. One time, Uncle Mitty took his ninety-six year-old grandma, Bessie, there for a Jack Daniels. She cast one eye at the Lounge and exclaimed that it looked just like one of those New York City bars in her May 1957 edition of the Saturday Evenin' Post.  Uncle Mitty supposes that might be the case, except that they didn't have those fancy flat screen tee-vees back in '57.Most folks say that the Lounge is best known for their martinis. Uncle Mitty ain't sure 'bout that since the only type of likker Uncle Mitty dranks is Tennessee sippin' whiskey. But if y'all go, you just might give one of those martinis a guzzle.Uncle Mitty would give The Lounge at the Inwood Theatre two thumbs up if hadn't lost 'em in a jaw crusher accident down at the asbestos plant back in 1992.Your Uncle Mitty
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,2/11/2012,325,161,11,11,10>Old country charm with gravyIf I ever become one of those millionaires you hear about in the news, the ones who  leave a $100 tip to a waitress at a homely diner, it would be at Mama's Daughter's Diner. They are just the salt of the earth with country manners and charm to boot. Now the diner itself is one of those 60's architectural fad octagon buildings. That fad seems not to have run it's course, since most of it's patrons are still coming back. The people watching here is EPIC. Saw as many colorful characters as a Ben Stiller movie. Including a guy in full pornstache complete with open shirt and man rug. The largest cop I ever saw sat with his half sized buddies. As well as a few more that need to be seen to be believed. Seriously from grandma and grampa to the construction workers to the suits, everyone comes to Mama's!The food here is awesome, the big fluffy rolls and corn bread almost filled me up before my chicken fried chicken even came out. When it did, it surprised me! Normally every chicken fried chicken I had ever eaten was dry inside. Not Mama's! This was tender and juicy! Loved the gravy and mashed potatoes. Okra and green beans wasn't bad but not at the same level as the rest. I was stuffed! Our friendly waitress looked proud at the sight of 6 men with 6 cleaned plates.When you're good to mama, mama's good to you!
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,2/10/2012,134,301,,5,6>Of the many places I had in my bookmarks as a potential restaurant to dine at for my 27th birthday, I am beyond satisfied with having shared it with family at Bonnell's.Since moving to Fort Worth in June of 2010, I had heard that the restaurant was fabulous in all aspects and they were right.  From the rustic exterior, the restaurant is deceptive on all accounts.  Walking through the front doors we were greeted immediately and taken to our table per our reservation.  The interior has an open dining room in regards to the air, space, and flow, but is broken up by short ledges adorned with western decor, rising up into a sort of trellis that still partitions the room without closing it off.Our server was Stephanie, and she was seriously as  helpful in her knowledge and suggestions as she was pleasant.  Both of which were at an upper level of the industry.  We began with a bottle of Murphy Goode "Liar's Dice" Zinfandel, of which was very reasonably priced at $38.  Being in the industry myself, I was impressed with the value of many bottles on the wine menu, as their retail costs and the regularity of their presence on those menus.  The menu had a great range of price points and varietals, and without a doubt has something to fit just about any request.  Suffice to say, the Zinfandel was a nice accompaniment to our meal.Their menu was quite impressive, and I loved that they list where they source their ingredients from.  Its a simple thing, but makes a huge impression to me about local and fresh, co-op support, and so on whenever I see this.  I was in for a great meal.Now onto just that topic, the meal...I'm a carpaccio fan through and through.  Not often that you see it listed on menus around town, nor to have it done right (truly being raw, not cooked and served cold).  On top of that, this was venison carpaccio, and it was fantastic.  The cracked pepper mingled on the palate alongside the great game taste of the venison, demonstrating for once that someone seasons their carpaccio properly.  The opposite is all too often the truth.  Tried a couple other appetizers too: Bruschetta, Elk mini Tacos, and oysters Texasfeller, and while all were great, the carpaccio stood out to me.For my entree I had the loin of lamb with three cheese jalapeno mac and cheese, watercress in a lemon and goat cheese sort of vinaigrette with, I believe it was a cabernet reduction.  This memory eludes me for some reason.  The mac and cheese was awesome.  A nice blend of spice alongside the creaminess of the mini-shells and cheese, then in complement was the tartness of the watercress.The only blemish was my lamb.  I absolutely love lamb and would eat it every day if I could.  Hell, I've got 7lbs of lamb shank in the freezer now for braising soon.  Anyway, I ordered it medium rare, and it was more along the lines of like Medium+ to Medium Well.  I thought at first that the first bite was just the end piece, so it might have been the sear on it, but each piece seemed a little drier than I would have cared for.  Thankfully there was the cabernet sauce to add to it for some additional moisture, but I hated to cover the natural lamb flavor.  Something about it all never encouraged me to send it back and to just enjoy it as everything was already so good.  Even that detail of the cooked temperature didn't phase me from how well thought out and put together this meal was.I'll definitely be back (especially since its like 1/2 mile from my apartment), and look so forward to another amazing experience.  There's a reason why this restaurant continues to garner rave reviews.  Do yourself a favor and stop by to find out why!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2011,2/9/2012,270,739,6,8,4>I can't believe I never wrote a review for this place. It is expensive, but it is so worth the cost. I highly recommend basically having a small breakfast in the morning and then do not eat until you get here for dinner. You want to be hungry to get your money's worth, and if you already eat small portions you're going to want to wear loose pants!If you're a salad person, their salad bar is legendary, but I do not feel the urge to fill up on greens (that cost basically nothing) when there are incredible cuts of meat floating around the room on magical wands. You will have what looks like a coaster, green means "gimme gimme more, gimme more, gimme gimme" and red means "hold on, i think there is a kink in the meat chute, please wait while i digest". Try one of everything and then become more choosey on what you add to your plate. They change their options often but the last time I was there they had this garlic and something crusted lamb that was to die for, they also had a bacon wrapped chicken that I melted for, and the steak.... ohhhh.... the steak...If you thought all this place had was an incredible salad bar and huge piles of meat, you're wrong. They also provide family style side-dishes to each table to tempt you even further. They have a VERY well stocked bar, with some great bartenders, and some dessert options that could take you from the edge of a food coma into a nose dive of sugary, diabetic filled unconsciousness. It's all delightful, but definitely a special occasion, once in a long while place, because otherwise it's just too overwhelming!
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2011,2/8/2012,50,113,,11,5>Is it wrong to be so excited about freshly prepared seafood?  As soon as I saw this location going up, I started calling them "restaurant stalker" style.  My hubby and I had been fans of their sister locations, Big Shucks and Aw Shucks in Dallas for years- and we could not WAIT until we could get in the door!As of yesterday, they'd only been open for two days but we can tell we're really going to like it here.  Soon enough they are going to be packed, and why not?  Steamed or fried, they've got what you're looking for when you're in the mood for seafood.  We shared 1 lb of spicy, steamed head on shrimp, 1 lb of delicious snow crab complete with melted butter and lemons, and tasty fried hush puppies!The shrimp is in shell, and something about cooking it with the head on gives it a little more flavor than what you're going to find anywhere else!  You mix up your own cocktail sauce on their sauce bar- so adding some pepper sauce and extra horseradish gives it that kick we crave.  Be careful as you tear off the head, it is very juicy so you may inadvertently douse your dinner companions!The crab is also simply prepared with a spicy boil that we just loved.  Dipping it in lemon butter is against what my doctor orders but I had to give in just a few times.  Adding the hush puppies, gloriously fried with onion & chopped up jalapeno but that wasn't enough so they give you a side of sour cream with chives to dip it in.  I don't even like sour cream but this tasted pretty good.Next time, I'm skipping the boiled corn- it was not fresh, I suspect had been frozen- but maybe I'm being picky after eating fresh corn on the cob from a farmers market.  We also ordered too much food so next time only 1/2 lb of shrimpy goodness.  We tried and tried to finish it all but left a few crabby legs and shrimp.  I eyed those poor babies as we walked away from the table but no room was left to give! They do have beer, wine and we spied some vodka & bloody mary mix too.  They have a nice outdoor patio that might be fun when it's cool enough to sit outside.  And, a good old fashioned honor system.  That's right, you keep tabs on what you consume then tell them what you ordered as you pay to walk out the door.  It's counter service too but when they can help you bring your food to the table they will, just ask Jose & the rest of his helpful staff!
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2011,2/7/2012,384,160,4,10,9>Matador is a fab new find, and is definitely an add to our usual restaurant rotation!!  I moved from LA in June and am continuously looking for new places to satisfy my foodie cravings.  My boyfriend had a tip about this place from a friend in the restaurant business, and was so right!!We walked into Matador at 7pm on a Thursday, and we were literally the only customer in the restaurant.  Moving from NYC and LA, I was pretty sure the only time you get a restaurant to yourself is if you buy it out.  The manager then explained to us they are on a soft launch before the New Year, and took time to go through the history of the three proprietors and the chefs they have brought on.  The just is foodies and first-time restauranteurs extremely passionate about fabulous Spanish cuisine hiring  CIA/culinary alums and newer chefs that are passionate about the same.  Perfect start!The food:Seasonal Mushroom Soup - Beautiful morels.  We were scraping the bottom and tempted to lick the bowl.Artichokes w Manchego Sauce - The manchego sauce was completely rich and extravagent...one of our favorites.Chicken Wing Confit - Perfect confit.  Made me think of the blackberry ribs at Victor Tango's because of the consistency and lushiousness of the sauce.Steamed Mussels and Chorizo - So, so good!! Can not tell you how good!! The wine sauce was beautiful and the mussels steamed perfectly.Jamon & Chicken Croquets - Fantastic, the only complaint was that a citrusy tomato accompanying sauce might have complemented the dish even better.  Petite Lamb Chops w Membrillo Jam - My favorite dish.  Incredibly simple, but some of the best cooked lamb I have had outside of Craft and Michael Mina restaurants.Pumpkin Crema Quemada - See picture...sorry it wasn't a before one.  So good!! :)The drinks:Wine selection -  The manager/bartender did comment they had not even scratched the surface on the selection they hope to have, but this was probably one of the places they lack most as a tapas restaurant.  That being said, the server was able to slip me into a few Spanish reds I have not had before and they were fabulous. Apple Sauce Sangria -  We did not order this initially, but as the bar area began to fill up, we realized this was one of the favorites.  The manager was nice enough to deliver a small complementary cocktail.  Think chunky applesauce consistency, with this amazing marinated for days flavor.  Be warned, it is crazy strong.  I am glad I just went with a taste, although I would have gladly spooned my way through a few :)Tequilla tasting - As a complement to my Apple Sauce Bawes drink, the bartender short poured my boyfriend a few of their best tequillas.  I am more of a wine/craft beer girl myself, but the Anejo and the Blanco were to die for.  I'll have to update with the distiller/brand, as I believe this is one of the one establishments in Dallas that carries it.Overall, not just fabulous food, but a fantastic night with perfect service.  I can't wait to frequent here over the new few months and see the place transform after it launches and the seasonal menu expansions kick in.  Beautiful...thanks to everyone for the incredible experience!!
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2011,2/6/2012,181,143,17,11,7>I feel the need to review this place because I really did have a great time.  I had no idea I'd end up in a strip club on a random Tuesday night.  We were meeting up for drinks and tapas with a friend and her boyfriend and his "colleagues" which totaled a completely random group of characters. We got to dinner late, so most of the group was drunk, and when the decision was made that we were going to a t-bar after, I didn't see any reason to decline.  I haven't spent a whole lot of time in Dallas, so as we were driving toward the Lodge, I learned where I can go to make some money if I'm ever down on my luck.  (Just kidding! really!!!)  Anyway, I was glad they had a gated parking lot because it was a really shady part of town, but when we went inside, it was surprisingly classy.  Lots of animal print upholstery and animal heads mounted on the walls explained the "Lodge" name.  As for the entertainment, it was a Tuesday, so there were a few B-teamers out that night, which actually made for some good laughs amongst our group.  But seriously, the service was great, the girls were (mostly) pretty good looking and friendly, and it proved to be a good time had for all.  If I knew of someone looking for a place like this in Dallas, I would definitely recommend it (but that might also be because I don't have any other suggestions, haha!).
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,2/5/2012,193,345,4,10,6>I had been to G2G a couple times when it was in the Green Spot, and liked the tacos and the little store it was in.  I didn't frequent it because of the location, but since they have moved a little closer (probably a whole 3 miles) I decided to go back and check out the new place.  It's in what looks like used to be a laundromat, kinda in an easy to miss place off the main road.  We passed it the first time, but once we found it we were pleasantly surprised at the increased amount of space, the (seemingly) expanded offerings, and the accompanying coffee bar called Stir located inside.  They do change their offerings pretty frequently, so I was super stoked to see the first thing on the menu was the honey bear, which is a bigtime favorite of mine - minus the goat cheese (ew).  I also tried the SOCO, which sounds crazy but is DELISH - biscuits and sausage gravy, with egg and potato (as a breakfast taco).  YUM YUM YUM. The tacos are about $3.50, and not a bad deal for the size.  Usually we get breakfast tacos from TJ or Rusty and I eat 2-3, but I could only eat half of each of these.  One taco would definitely do it for me but I like a variety so I got both and cut them in half :) The service is friendly and I think the size of the new location lends itself to more interaction, than in the last place where you couldn't really stand around and visit due to cramped quarters and long lines.  They have a facebook page that is updated regularly (like letting us know they were open today despite the ice road trucker conditions) and you can check out the variety of specialty tacos, or just go in and create your own (which I dont think was an option before).  Good to see you again, Good 2 Go!
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,2/4/2012,462,279,13,15,12>I was so ready to hate Trailercakes.  Seriously.  After hearing nothing but oohs and ahhs, I decided the Richardson location was close enough to work for a Friday adventure.  Little did I know that adventure would be the key word.I scanned Yelp for directional information and figured it wouldn't be too hard to spot a trailer in the parking lot of a strip mall.  Not only was this not your normal strip mall (good lord, what an asshwhip) I wound my way through the parking lot 3 times - once looking for the trailer, the second time looking for a store front, the third time looking for suite B17 - before I finally broke down and called Trailercakes.  I was directed to the basement of the tall, red office building near Panera.  *blink* (editor's note-I just found this info on their website, but I'm leaving this part in so other Yelper's don't make my mistake)  By this point, I was hot and grumpy but I refused to give up the quest.  I had my list of flavors from the website and wanted cupcakes, dammit!I found the building, found the basement and found Trailercakes.  What I didn't find was a cupcake store loaded with all the flavors advertised on the website.  This location is more of a commercial space rather than a retail store that is ready for walk-in traffic.  (also mentioned on their website-I was blinded by the pretty pictures of cupcakes, I swear!)  They offer 4 flavors each day, 3 of which will eventually be put into a regular daily rotation so you'll know what to expect with a 4th secret flavor mentioned on Facebook. (hrmph)I got 2 of each offered flavor - Stairway to Heaven, PB&J, Main Squeeze (only 1 of these left) and Chocolate with sprinkles on white cake (this one isn't on their website so I can't tell you the cute name) - so I wouldn't have to share with the coworker who was awaiting my return.  $10.50 for 7 two-bite sized cupcakes.  Hrm.  At this point, I already had a draft of my 2-star review in my head. My first bite of the PB&J made the entire experience worth it. Holy crap, y'all.  These are indeed some damn good cupcakes.  The icing isn't nearly as sweet and cloying as every other cupcake in town, which allows you to enjoy the flavor of the cake and accompanying treats.  In this case, the peanut butter icing paired with a drop of grape jelly in the white cake sent my tastebuds straight back to my gramma's back porch.  The adorable teeny nutterbutter cookie on the top was genius.The Stairway to Heaven was indeed heaven.  Chocolate cake with chocolate chips, a swirl of peanut butter icing hidden beneath the ganache topping (I think... I inhaled this one) and a mini peanut butter cup garnish.  Precious and freakin' goooooood.The Main Squeeze (lemon/lemon) was as pretty as it was lemony, with a candied lemon slice on top.  Talk about a lemon party in my mouth. The chocolate on white was the plainest of all but still pretty tasty.  I didn't even care that the record 107 heat made the icing slide right off the cupcake.  That's what spoons are for, no?There's very little chance that I'll join Facebook to follow their daily flavors, but there's a very good chance that I'll show up and take whatever flavors Trailercakes decides to give me.  Especially now that I know the secret password to get to the basement.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2012,2/3/2012,236,272,3,6,6>First, I have to say that I am super happy that this place did not get turned into another dude-bro bar. The M Street was annoying as hell. I was pleasantly surprised to see that the place had a very vegetarian-friendly, organic feel to it. The beer selection is excellent, and the specialty cocktails are quite tasty as well as unique. The place had a nice laid-back vibe, and the waitstaff was friendly and attentive. I ordered a Buddha Burger (featuring a patty made of quinoa) with chipotle cream sauce, and my bf and I were going to share it. The waitress made sure it was cut in half neatly, with each of us getting our own plate and our own little cup of sweet potato fries. Major props for the attention to detail. The only drawback for me was the price point of the menu. There isn't much to choose from if you're not wanting to share a plate, and you're on a budget. Other than that, it's a great addition to Lower Greenville.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,2/2/2012,219,594,3,6,3>Really enjoyed my first visit here.  Friday lunch, this place was bustling.  I didn't spend that much time looking around at the atmosphere, I was more intent on the food.  My party sat at a table right by the kitchen line.  So I was eying what came out and what I saw on other people's tables.  Here's what I got:Apt. 5D- I will get this again!  A vodka cocktail with muddled strawberries and balsamic vinegar.  Was a really neat flavor! Roasted Chicken Flatbread- This is a decent size for an entree, but I lucked out and split this with a friend.  It was good!  The goat cheese was creamy and a nice amount.  Also on the flatbread- roasted potatoes, more please!Because I split the flatbread, I was able to enjoy (drum roll please...)Jalapeno & Bacon Macaroni and Cheese-  Woot!  This was good.  I will have a hard time coming here and not ordering this every time.  I thought I would share it with some others, but in the end I gobbled it up all for myself.  Awesomeness.Prices on things: Cocktails $10Flatbread $13Mac $8All a few dollars more than I would like to spend, but I really liked everything I had, so I will spend it again.  From what I hear they have a rooftop patio?  I definitely intend to find my way there soon!
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2011,2/1/2012,239,706,7,10,3>I don't do this often, but I'm putting a little premium on something other than food quality here. I'll say up front that I'd rate the food itself at a solid 4.5 if not 5.0, so if that's your primary motivator (like mine usually is), just stop reading and go to Ali Baba. :)However, this relatively new outpost of the yummy local chain has a small problem - literally. The space they're in is a little tight, and the buffet is smaller and more difficult to navigate than at other locations. They still have most of the same delicious favorites, but they're harder to get to. When you get your plate filled, then you have to carefully walk back to your table, navigating the tightly spaced tables and other patrons. But, again, the food is good. Unlike other Ali Baba locations, the waiter brings your drinks and takes your payment at the end, so it's not really a "tip optional" arrangement like the others. Once you dig into that gyro you made with the excellent meat, soft pita and creamy tzatziki, though, you won't care about any of that. I love that dish with the garbanzo beans and eggplant, as well as the numerous meat dishes. Bottom line, go for the food and try to not let the arrangement get to you.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,1/31/2012,221,525,6,5,7>A place that is packed in McKinney with hipsters at 10:45am????It has to be five stars even if the product couldn't keep up...but wait this beer is amazing. We tasted a flight of it at the Holy Grail pub, and decided to go to the Brewery the following week.   This beer is exceptional. DFW is very lucky to have Franconia call it home. Plus, this guy is legit. He isn't like the self-proclaimed Coonass Cajun chefs that pop up in tourist towns; this guy is a true German brewer.
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,1/30/2012,139,92,6,9,9>If you can find this place without a Korean in the car, you already earn bonus points as there isn't any english on the outside of the establishment. Just look for the neon red lettering with a symbol that looks a cross between a checkers table and an upside down top hat.Walk inside and you are transported to another planet. Literally you are walking on moon rocks, well some kind of gravel anyway.  Black painted walls with twinkling lights are strung across chain link dividers that section off separate eating areas with Korean soju posters hung for "privacy". Bring your friends and you'll sit around an awesome table that has the grill built into the middle of it, with a crazy out of this world silver tube coming out of the ceiling to suck up all the smoke from your soon to be dinner. The food. Fantastic. Each time I've been we order a combination that comes with three types of meat (pork belly, boneless ribs and ?), your choice of soju (think Korean vodka) or 3 beers and of course an array of ban chan.  The meat comes with a nice sesame oil and dipping sauce to flavor as desired, as well as garlic cloves and jalapenos! Once you cook it to your desired doneness on the "hubcap" in front of you, wrap it in the lettuce leaves and chomp away.Of course, there is ban chan (bunch of sides serviced with most Korean dinner), the kimchi is fantastic, daikon radish to die for, some strange potato salad I'm not keen on and another savory bean sprout dish. Don't forget the super spicy soup and egg custard that comes out first for everyone to share. We always leave full, servers are willing to bring extra lettuce or whatever you need. Don't be afraid to be vocal though, as they will pass you by many times unless you speak up and let they know what you need.Just writing this makes me want to head over there right now. Yun Tan Gil is an experience. A really crazy but good one, so go.
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2011,1/29/2012,3760,1373,12,9,14>On an errand with my Mom, I drug her here despite it being out of the way, cause I like to surprise her with my foodie finds.  In a really un-italian spot where a freeway meets a highway and new corporate chains dot the manicured landscape, we pulled into the lot.  "how'd you find this place?" my mom said,I met an Italian guy at the bar and asked him where HE eats Italian food. He always wears cowboy clothes, drives a lifted truck, and looks like the Marlborough man, but he's %100 Italian."Mom gushed. "He's really handsome" I added. I, a worldly liberal gay man, like to slip in some racy tidbits to my conservative suburban Texas mom.  I think she likes it too, and I deliver small spoonfuls to whet her appetite. Mom picked a pizza with eggplant, peppers and artichokes.  I picked the Margherita with added prosciutto.  Mom handed out her credit card but I said "no mom, I'm paying".  The Italian man agreed with a smile and handed her my card back after he ran it, adding, "mom go on a shopping spree"Mom liked the crust and said it was the best pizza she ever had.  I don't know if I'd go that far, but it's the real deal, and like I told her, unlike American pizza "it doesn't make you feel like you've sinned against yourself."So I ordered us two cannoli's and they drizzled it with chocolate.  Mom wanted a cannoli to go to take to my 95 year old grandma.  The cool Italian proprietor didn't charge us for that one. Mom and I left real happy and I scored a few mom points.Love you mamma! Xo(now THAT's Italian!)Pretty authentic Italian pizzas in DFW suburbs.  BYOB.  Italian run.  Outdoor seating available.  McKinney location recently opened.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,1/28/2012,207,120,3,8,5>What a really nice experience at Seasons 52!!!My wife and I were running around Frisco and had been meaning to try Seasons 52 for quite a while.  On our way back to Dallas we stopped in (it was a Friday night).  The wait was about an hour, so we decided to sit at the bar and have our meal there.  The first thing we noticed was a woman playing piano and singing songs....nice touch!  One of the bartenders greeted us right away, helped us choose some drinks and got us on our way.I ordered the Chicken Curry soup to start and then the Scallops.  My wife had the Pork Tenderloin.  Everything had great flavors!!  Their deal is healthy eats....low on calories and fat, but still big in flavors.  They have accomplished just that quite well.  Somehow they do this and the portions still seem plentiful.  We enjoyed the food, the wine pics, the service and value.We need to go back and try something soon!!!
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,1/27/2012,434,194,7,9,9>LAKEWOOD/FOREST HILLS REJOICE!!!!!You no longer have to "fear" traveling into the "ghetto" to get your taco fix...for the tacos have COME TO YOU!!!! (Applause applause)(end sarcasm)Seriously though...one of the best taquerias in Dallas has opened their THIRD location just off Gaston Ave in Lakewood. Serving what many (including me) have come to rate as one of the best tacos in the entire Metroplex. Location: This location is on Gaston Ave, just off Garland Rd in the former "Popeye's Chicken" location. Easy to get to from I-30 (Grand exit) and from the Arboretum. There is some seating inside...which is a plus compared to the other location. Just enough for about 10-15 people. BONUS: THIS PLACE IS OPEN UNTIL 4AM ON SATURDAYS!!!! Just expect long lines late night as there is a club next door and people HAVE to get their after hours on here. Service: The always friendly staff are there to take and serve your orders with a smile. Eager to offer suggestions for first timers...including a free taco for newbies. First one is free...then you're HOOKED!Food: My review for the location on Bryan/Carroll should sum up the food but let me focus here on the amazing ability of "El Guero" to keep the exact same quality tacos which have made him famous. You won't find any changes here...down to the red and green salsas. Perfection every time! Overall this location of Tacos el Guero delivers on the goods just as well as the other locations. If you're a fan of the other locations or are just too damn scared (yes i'm looking at you) to have tried the other location, you're in luck. ENJOY!!!
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2011,1/26/2012,273,583,8,8,7>Don't come expecting anything healthy. You won't find it. I get why Americans are fat. BECAUSE IT TASTES SO GOOD. I ate myself stupid last night at Babe's. Did I care? Not really, well, not until I couldn't see the tv over my huge belly! I've been going to babes for a while, not too often, but it does come to mind when I have out of town guests, or a large party, or when I want to eat my feelings. Fried chicken is good. Don't expect a lot of outside flavor, other than what fried chicken should taste like. I always ask for the pickled jalapenos and construct perfect forkfuls of a bit of everything. Biscuit with butter and honey, chicken, including the skin, corn, jalapeno, mashed potato and some green bean, all in my mouth, all at the same time, Can we say PARTY?!Their starter salad is odd. I love/hate it. It has a different flavor I'm not used to, I kinda like it, I kinda don't, I always eat some. It's puzzling, but that's why I like it. But I hate it - because it's weird. We took advantage of the BYOB last night and cheap beer really did round out the experience. Mmm Gluttony and beer. If that's not all american, I dunno what is. :)I've strayed from the chicken to try the CFS and also the strips. Strips come with a really good honey mustard that is akin to liquid gold. But in general, since it's made with white meat, (isn't it?!) it doesn't have the juicy taste of the regular fried chicken. CFS was ok, I may do it again, but for some reason eating mass quantities of fried chicken is easier than a mass quantity of fried beef.
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2012,1/25/2012,443,598,6,13,11>Spoon, an awesome new Korean bar in Carrollton only 5-10 mins away from K-town! I've only been here for drinks so far, but I've gotta say that from my experience of all the other Korean bars around town, the bar tenders here know how to make drinks. Drinks, as in the kinds that any Caucasian person would order. Karis, one of the bartenders does a good job of serving it up. Other than mixed drinks they've got some beers and surprisingly a wide variety of wines.With this new bar/restaurant I will mention it's really spacious inside and I hope that this concept works well in addition to his other bar in K-town, DanSungSa.I can't wait till I try their food next time!
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,1/24/2012,725,843,6,10,7>The clothes here couldn't be any cuter!  I loved everything I tried on.  The prices are amazing for what you are getting.  Designer labels galore!  You will see all the brands you crave--Coach, Prada, DKNY, Juicy, True Religion, etc!I don't care if it's technically resale--psh--most of the stuff was in better shape than anything hanging in my closet.  And most of what I looked at still had the tags on it from the original store.  Plus tons of super cute vintage pieces.And for those who really want to wear fur but feel the guilt--resale fur and leather do not create a frontline demand.  Go roll in the vintage fur coat section!  I've all ready had to tell myself I can only buy one new thing every two weeks.  I think we know how well that rule will stick.  I love everything I bought there last week.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2011,1/23/2012,895,667,4,15,9>I have a couple of friends that try to meet once a month at a different restaurant for dinner.  Henk's won for May.The first Friday of the month there is live entertainment, which tonight was a man with his accordion.  In the small setting he had, I don't imagine there's more entertainment than him.  He was funny, and in one segment he sang a bunch of sitcom themes from the 70's and 80's, and you know I sang along.The restaurant is small, and is family seating.  There were three of us, and we were put with some older ladies while they closed out their tab, and after they left a family of 4 took the other side of the table.  No biggie, because the place is loud, so you're going to have to lean forward to hear each other talk.  Whatevs.  It worked.We started with a bottle of the Bulls Blood, a solid red wine.  I even bought a bottle on the way out to take home.  The check out dude said he heard the vineyard (in Bulgaria) is the oldest vineyard in the world.  I will google that later.For dinner, my two friends settled on the wiener schnitzel, which I will get next time.  I wasn't even sure what that was before tonight, but F me that was awesome.  I ordered the Rouladen and it was delish, but the meat may have been a little tough.  The pickle spear rolled in the middle was something interesting that I've never tasted before, but I liked.  I didn't really taste the bacon.  Still, this is a great dish.I will for sure order the potato pancakes next time.  My friend let me have a taste of her order, and they were good.  Like a shredded hash-brown, but differently good.I had the German potato salad, and it went against everything my Southern mother makes, but it was still good.  Just like cooked potato cubes in a vinegar sort of sauce, but not sauce, that was just the way they tasted.The spaetzle that I ordered was interesting.  Like a noodle, but thicker and small.  The "noodles" were covered in gravy, and the texture was different than anything I have had before.Fast forward to dessert.  I ordered the chocolate-amaretto cake off the menu.  That cake was so dry, yo.  I don't usually make frowny faces towards chocolate, but I did with this cake.  My other two friends went to the bakery side to pick desserts there.  One of my friends ordered a chocolate éclair, and it was good, but really rich.  My other friend ordered this almond amaretto pastry thing.  That was the showstopper.I also had a Spaten Oktoberfest on tap, and it was yummy.The thing that made the experience great, besides the company, was our waitress.  We were in no hurry to leave, and wanted to take the whole experience in, and we were able to.  I wasn't sure with the small size of the place if the staff would be trying to turn over the tables.  They were not.Our waitress knew everything about everything on the menu, and when prompted for her favs you could tell she actually meant what she was saying.  She also noticed that I hadn't eaten much of my cake, and asked if I liked it.  I told her it was too dry.  She offered another option, and I declined, so she took the cake off the tab.  I'm not one to usually complain about food, and more times than not, the waiter/waitress will not notice that I only took one bite of my meal.  The fact that she noticed that I wasn't happy meant a lot to me as someone who will just suck it up and pay.This was a really fun experience.  From the food, the drinks, the older folks, the accordion player, browsing through the bakery, and the "store" side.  To top it off...  my food, drinks, and bottle of wine to take home cost $33.  I will be back, and hopefully soon.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,1/22/2012,220,341,4,12,7>Empa Mundo was one of those incredible Yelp finds!  I would have never known about this restaurant if it hadn't been for Yelp.  The empanadas are outstanding!  Crispy, delicious and the accompanying sauce is perfect.  You would never know these pockets of deliciousness were fried...they are not greasy AT ALL.Sugar Bear and I have been there several times now, and we've made it through the menu.  Everything is incredible, but we do have a few favorites.  The brisket empanada is moist and flavorful.  The spinach/ricotta empanada is not to be missed.  The guava/cheese empanada is our favorite of the dessert flavors...be careful, it takes a long time for the molten lava-like filling to cool down.  We usually call in our order and pick it up to go.  They are ready in 10 minutes or so.  I always ask what empanadas are not on the online menu because they are always experimenting with new fillings.  On our last visit, we tried the cheese steak and mushroom/onion/cheese empanadas.  Both were FABULOUS!!The empanadas always stay hot during the drive from Irving to Carrollton.  They are also clearly labeled so you know which one you are about to dig into.  Empanadas pair nicely with beer and wine.  Empa Mundo is BYOB.  Hooray!
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,1/21/2012,117,105,1,8,5>NOT to be confused with Wildwood, Winewood is a welcome and much-needed addition to Grapevine. The boyfriend and I frequently eat at Fireside and have been following the development of Winewood. As soon as it was open we were there....and yummmm is all we can say. If you want to eat somewhere nice, but don't want to drive to Dallas or plop down a ton of cash at Bobs, Winewood is a great option. Yes they have wine, but they also have steaks, fish, huge salads, mouthwatering sides, super fresh desserts and OH MY glorious cocktails. A lot on the menu is made with farm-fresh fruits & veggies. They even distill their own water in-house. Ohh lala. I had the grilled salmon....it was perfectly cooked and laid on top of a fabulous orzo pasta/grilled veggie mixture that tasted like the best bacon I'd ever had. The boyfriend let me try some of his grilled asparagus...it tasted like a flame. Seriously. Like fire. It was SO good. Winewood is perfect for a romantic dinner, a fun meal with friends, or even a quick cheese plate and glass of wine before you head somewhere else for the night. The atmosphere is amazing....and wow this place is HUGE! It would be great for private parties. Do yourself a favor and try Winewood ASAP. Don't forget to get a cocktail (I highly recommend the melon one)...and don't pass on dessert. You'll regret it if you do. I can't wait to go back and try something new.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2011,1/20/2012,227,57,2,9,8>When I heard Dallas was getting its first Korean Taco stand, I had to welcome it with open arms on its first business day. We rolled up to the former Burguesa Burger stand after work around 5:30pm. There was a full drive-through line and a few people at the window to order. I was surprised at how small the place was since I've never been. They had a bulletin board-sized menu on the side of the building which I thought would work better with pictures since most people probably don't know what to think of Korean BBQ tacos. We ordered the 3 taco combo with beef and scored a free chicken taco. They were already out of kimchee at that point, but it wasn't much of a disappointment. The BBQ beef tacos were juicy and fresh off the grill. I especially enjoyed the garlic,-tangy dressing over the lettuce. The chicken taco was good, too and had the traditional sweet, spicy chili sauce marinated with the meat. Both flavors were fantastic and fresh.The thing that did irritate us was the wait: it took us 30 minutes to get our order of 4 tacos. It's understandable that they would be super busy and things would be hectic on opening day, though. The owner ended up giving us free cookies for waiting so long. We also noticed that they ran out of chicken while we were waiting, and they messed up the order of the people before us. Hopefully with experience and calmer traffic, this place will find it's groove. Highly recommended at least for a try!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,1/19/2012,232,63,10,14,8>One minute you are in the aisle of grocery store on Sunday morning picking out your food and drink for the week, and the next you are curled up in the fetal position next to a shattered iPhone. Such was my plight last weekend when I started to lose grip on a jar of salsa and then began to juggle the grocery list, my phone and the salsa. After a brief performance my iPhone lay broken on the floor. In retrospect I should have just dropped the salsa. I also probably should have just had the list on my iPhone, there is, after all, an app for that. That was not the case and I was left with a busted screen and some sadness. Fortunately, my true love was there by my side and she would have none of me being sad, or my sadness ruining the day for both of us, one of the two.  Anyway, she searched (thanks again Yelp!) and found iFix Galleria. After talking to a very nice and friendly guy we arranged to meet him in the Galleria, as their offices are closed on Sunday but they still do repairs by appointment. We met up, went to the office and he fixed my iPhone in about 10 minutes, it was that easy. They offer a variety of services from screen repair to full color change. If you ever find yourself in a similar situation, then I highly recommend taking your iDevice here.
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/7/2011,1/18/2012,107,301,8,8,7>You know, I'm Greek. My parents are Greek. My grandparents came over from Greece. This place is like my grandmother's kitchen!! No, not everything on the menu is available. And yes, they are going to hover over you like Greek grandparents!Leo Z. and I walked into this place a little before noon, the only customers there. I greated the owner in Greek, which was followed by some bantering. I had to show him my ID to proove I was authentic Greek guy lol! After Leo looked at the menu, lost for a few minutes, he asked what he should get. So I ordered for both of us, just off the appetizer section: Dolmas, tiziki, humus, some wonderful salad the guy made on his own, spanakopita . . . . OMG all delicious! It was difficult for us to carry on a conversation because everyone there kept going on and on about whatever was coming to mind. JUST like home!!! It was like they were sad we weren't all sitting at the same table.WARNING; This is an alternative-style restaurant! It really is like sitting in their kitchen, but the food was amazing!!!
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2011,1/17/2012,185,175,6,8,6>First of all, I anxiously await being able to up this review to 5-stars.  I'm sure once Goodfriend (aka Goodburger, Goodbeer, Goodstuff) irons out the kinks that a fledgling business deals with, I'll be raving about it even more if I find myself in this neck of the woods.I'm sure they know by now they need to hire additional waitstaff, so that's all I'll say about it.As far as the burgers are concerned, it's clear that almost every ingredient is regarded highly, from the meat (mostly beef although lamb is also an option, and I highly recommend) to the non-run of the mill cheeses and the veggie toppings like roasted tomato or "bacon onion jam".  I just wish there was a little more to the bun holding it all together - some of these burgers are really loaded and need something a little more substantial.The recommendation of Franconia Wheat for the Mary Mary (lamb) burger is spot on - although most of Franconia's offerings go well with anything.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2011,1/16/2012,188,256,18,8,8>If you give Lucia anything less than 5 stars, you probably either:A. Burned your taste buds off when you accidentally drank boiling acid.B. Were in such a dazed state of food euphoria, your finger slipped when you meant to click 5 stars and accidentally clicked 4C. You are on crackD. You actually have no brainE. Your vicious Italian grandmother has threatened to beat you silly with a wet noodle if you admit that any food is better than hersF. You are being held at gun point by a mafia crimelord set to destroy everything good and beautiful in this world.One of those should probably cover it.
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2011,1/15/2012,549,363,7,9,7>You know me. Yeah, you do. But you probably don't know that when we're out eating somewhere and you get a hamburger and I get a grilled chicken sandwich that I'm secretly pissed off because I want one too (waaa!). You probably don't know that I secretly love hamburgers but I also secretly hate how they make me feel. I LOVE a good toasty bun. I love cheddar cheese. I love thick, juicy meat (tee.hee.). But I rarely order them because, well, they make me feel icky.I got it in my wee bonnet that I wanted to go to this very newly opened joint (of like 2 days ago)... and I begged my tweeter friends until I got MeggiePoo to go with me.The joint is super cute. Does anyone remember when Texadelphia used to be where Zaza stands now? It has the same vibe. Hardwood floors, old house, cool interior, awesome patio seating. We went up to the counter and ordered. I got a 6oz burger with cheddar cheese, cooked medium, with fries. You order at the counter and they give you a number. They then bring your order to your table and they bring it fairly quickly.The fries were really, really fantastic. Hello my looooovah, crunchy handcut fry lovvvvvah. Cooked perfectly. Megan got onion rings, and they were the really thin sliced ones, crunchy, tasty, totally fresh.Our burgers were both really great. The meat was some of the best meat I've had on a hamburger, by far, ever. The meat was very juicy. I mean, I don't even get how juicy this could be, it boggles my mind. I even said f-this at one point and let the patty rest on a wee napkin for a moment to try to sop some juices up (remember, having a burger was a big step for me). The juicyness was a bit much for ME- but YOU might love a big ol' juicy burger. I'm sure there are fattys right now, reading this review, who like eating with their hands with grease running into their elbows, going "mmm-hm, I want". You'll love it, I promise! The buns were buttered and toasted and crunchy and perfect.Next time, I'll probably get something else besides the burger, as yum as it was. There's a big menu with lots of different sandwiches, grilled cheese, etc. So even if you're not a burger lover, you'll find something yum to put in your pie holeIt was hoppin' for lunch, I suggest you get there early. There's parking in the back (see the picture?) but it fills fast and you'll end up parking 2 blocks away if you're not careful. There were lots and lots of men, Megan and I were one of the only girls- total sausagefest. Also, there's a bar. A really cool looking bar, with BEER. So I saw. AND a kick ass outdoor patio, with an even kick-assier upstairs patio. Next time, next time.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2011,1/14/2012,190,305,3,4,4>It's pretty daring to call yourself the "best" anything right in the name.  Kind of makes people root against you, in a way.  But after a bit of deliberation, and admittedly a bit of stubborn resistance, I'm going to have to agree.  These are, in fact, the best enchiladas... the "ever" part is clearly still up in the air, but to this very point, fairly valid.The pork was my clear favorite, but the beef picadillo wasn't half bad.  The avocado verde sauce really surprised me - it had way more flavor than I was expecting from an avocado sauce.  I also like how you get to tailor the final toppings when you pick up your order - tomatoes, cilantro, queso blanco, etc. add a nice final touch.  While I'd say the queso dip wasn't "best ever," we still ate the whole bowl.I don't have the deepest pockets "ever," but I don't really agree that BEE is that overpriced for what you get.  It could be a pricey lunch if you're going for 2 enchiladas, but a relatively reasonable dinner.  It's a cute atmosphere, and for how customizable your enchiladas are, I can see the value.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2011,1/13/2012,249,256,5,8,9>I had an amazing bottle of wine while in NYC on vacation.  When I got back I went on a made search to find it. I called all the usual suspects an not one had or had even heard of it.  The wine I was searching for had also been noted as a wine of the month on the DMN a few months ago.  I found numerous articles online about how Spanish whites were gaining popularity in Texas and yet no place had it.Enter Farpointe.  Thanks to a great tip by a Prince of a yelper I called up Farpointe and they had it.  I made the drive and was able to walk right up tell them what I wanted and how many bottles and they had it waiting for me.They were a pleasure to deal with and had the selection to match.
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2011,1/12/2012,199,332,6,13,8>My employer will occasionally spring for pizza and the masses go nuts. There is a palpable buzz all morning and when it arrives folks sprint down the hall with tongues dragging on the floor. I am not one of those people! I am not one of those weird people who hates pizza, however, but I don't think it is magic, either. Therefore, I approached my trip to Dallas' most talked about pizza place with trepidation. I was expecting two hour waits, hipster/rude waiters and a horrible atmosphere. Happily, I was wrong on every count.My wife and I visited on Thursday and arrived to find a half-filled room. Better yet, the break in temperatures afforded us an opportunity to truly enjoy their patio. If you can get past the droning freeway noise, it is really awesome. Our waiter was efficient and helpful. The selection of pizza extensive. Jimmy's sausage!! All huge plusses!These thin crust pizzas have a tangy sauce, just the right proportion of cheese and toppings and don't fill you up too badly. In fact we split one and a Caesar salad. Everything was just right........except a few minor point,s which is the reason for 4 stars. The waiter assured us that the mild sausage would not be spicy, so either they gave us the hot version or screwed up, plus that salad needs some dressing. I appreciate that it was not drenched but maybe an extra ounce would work.Anyway, I enjoyed this meal quite a bit. Not sure that I would ever wait 2 hours but certainly will look them up again when I am in the neighborhood.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,1/11/2012,165,113,10,12,10>MMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMMm­mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...................­...........That's the sound I'm still making, now a full 72 hours removed from these delicious digs.I'm going to try to hold off talking about the AMAZING CHICKEN AND WAFFLES by starting with the beginning.A word of warning: you cannot make a reservation unless your party has 8 or more. And, you can't put your name on the list until your entire party has arrived. Plan that. There seems to be little exception. And you don't want to be held back from the MOUTH-WATERING CHICKEN AND WAFFLES.The bar: great place to eat if there's just two of you and you don't mind being elbow to elbow. Otherwise, it's a perfectly fine arena to wait for your DELICIOUS CHICKEN AND WAFFLES while waiting for your party to arrive. Try their drink specials, even if you're unsure. The mixologists/bartenders will not do you wrong. My new discovery: the Moscow Mule. A little bit of gingery summer heaven with some simple syrup and our good buddy vodka. We also ordered the sausage and cheese flat bread (think small pizza-ish), which came out quickly and helped tie us over. We were seated at a tight little table that backed up to the bar -- sure more room would have been great, but I was surprised that all of our appetizers, drinks, and menus fit on to the table in weird Tetris-like fashion. I ordered the DELECTABLE CHICKEN AND WAFFLES. (duh?) Think: five of the most perfectly fried boneless chicken breast bits, lightly smothered in the most scrumptious gravy, atop the cutest and most perfectly sized waffles, all centered around what has to be the syrup of the gods. Though, having tasted around the table, you definitely couldn't go wrong with the scallops, the crab covered mac and cheese, the watermelon and aged balsamic vinegar salad (no lie), or any of the flatbreads, cheese boards or sausage boards.There were only 6 of us.I tell you: if you're not in any hurry (and really, who is these days?), and you'd like to enjoy some seriously AMBROSIAL CHICKEN AND WAFFLES with equally matched cocktails, come see my friend Victor. I don't care what Frances says, Victor and I are now a thing.
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,1/10/2012,132,558,4,9,6>Wow... that's what I thought when I walked in. Someone else mentions claustrophobia... they ain't kiddin baby. It's packed in there so tight you get a bit dizzy. Once you make it in and orient yourself there is a whole world to explore. I only made it through like 1/4 of the store on this visit. For the veteran, this store is like candy. But lets be clear, they don't JUST have military gear here, they have law enforcement clothing like trousers for swat or EMS and other field oriented personnel. Boots and hunters apparel.They have the usual veteran pride t-shirts, hats and sports wear, pins, widgets etc. If your going to stop by, give yourself time to look at everything! Parking is ample, prices are not cheap like a thrift store... this is the real gear.
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2011,1/9/2012,55,65,3,8,4>Pan Acean already had two strikes against it:Not only is it located in Valley Ranch, the land of notoriously bad restaurants, but it also sits inside the restaurant black hole that is the northwest corner of MacArthur and Beltline, a location that seems to suck the life out of any establishment that sets up there.Needless to say, I went with very low expectations. I was pleasantly surprised.COCONUT CURRY NOODLE SOUP: 4 stars. I love big noodle bowls! And this one did not disappoint. It was big, and there were a lot of noddles. Also, the broth was delicious. My only real criticism is that the pineapple used was obviously canned, but it's not really pineapple season anyway, so I'll let it slide.GENERAL TSO'S CHICKEN: 4 stars. Solid. Tender chicken. No gristle or gross parts. Delicious sauce.FRIED VEGETABLE DUMPLINGS: 3 stars. Good but not great.BONUS POINTS: Pan Acean is really somewhere between 3 and 4 stars, but I'm going to bump them up for a few reasons. They offer the option of brown rice instead of white. Awesome!  Also, I usually don't care about atmo, but this place is pretty cool. Very relaxing. Finally, Valley Ranch is so desperate for decent food, that I'm excited to have another place within two miles of my house that I can stomach.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2011,1/8/2012,471,48,9,9,8>When God made the Earth, he set aside some time to make the perfect hairstylist. He mixed one part Gay Artiste, one part Marine precision cutting, and one part crazy Mexican comedian! What did He get?? Lol, stylist fabuloso Kyle Aldridge at Select Salon! Select Salon is an odd house of independent hairstylists hidden in the trees and shrubbery of Cedar Springs at Hood St. In case you haven't seen it, it is indeed a house, literally. It has about 15-20 rooms and nooks where the stylists work. There's a sign out front to guide you there. Parking is behind the house (up a ramp) and on the street.Each of the stylists is independent. They manage their own clients, schedules and payments. They guide you back to their own room, navigating thru the maze of other stylists. From then on, you'll guide yourself back to where they work for future visits.Over the years, we've seen a plethora of hairstylists. Kyle recently went into business for himself in 2010, and moved into Select Salon on the 2nd floor. Doing so brought him to a whole new level!!!I'm currently getting my hair colored for Burning Man Festival as I wrote this. And I am just in awe of his knowledge, passion and commitment to detail. At this moment, my hair is turning into a turquoise and my husband's just bleached a stripe down his head. It looks GREAT!!!When you enter, you get coffee, tea, bottled water, soda, beer or wine. That kind of luxury is just a little thing that makes everything better. He is a HOOT! And laughing the whole time makes every cut and style SO MUCH FUN!!!Anyway, I'm just so excited about my new hair, that I wanted to say big thanks to Kyle for making hair day more than just another haircut. I asked him if I could put his phone number in. To book an appointment, call him. He's at 214.235.1608.Great guy, great salon, great laughs!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2011,1/7/2012,1341,757,6,9,9>We ordered:Korean BBQ  rice plateGrilled Pork and VermicelliShaken Beef Saladand washed it down with thai tea and cappuccino dream frappe. The shaken beef salad was outstanding. Their greens are super fresh and generous. The beef cubes were extremely tender and well seasoned. I enjoyed their dressing too. It was lightly gingered and a nice balance of sweet and tart. Their grilled pork for the vermicelli bowl was well seasoned with lemongrass but it was a tad on the dry side. It wasn't the old school grilled pork I was used to but it was okay. I think there are better vermicelli dishes to choose from. The Korean BBQ rice plate was so pretty and delicious. If you're not in the mood for viet, get this instead. :)Their bobas are quite good here. I think I like my bobas on the soft side so I really enjoyed it here. They have a HUGE variety of flavor and I think you should definitely try it. This place is a great place to introduce someone to Vietnamese cuisine. The decor is cute and clean and their service is quite fast even during a lunch rush hour. :)
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2011,1/6/2012,1812,527,8,9,5>this is a carry-out only location with delivery as an option.  I am reluctantly admitting that I am a price shopper when it comes to pizza.  I would describe this as a "boutique" type of pizza. Fancy as hell outstanding quality and just a little pricey but well worth every penny.  So as I stated before I usually opt for the "belly pizza filler" from a huge corporate slut pizza kind of place.  Well my eyes have been opened.  God shed his grace on thee, this is no brain buster.  I don't mind paying just a few extra dollars for a good quality not so round flat bread perfect pizza.  This is what immediately won my business over and now I am a loyal.  Yes I said it!   An I Fratelli Groupie....I'm with the band!Let me share why I am so passionate about this place so you can join my  fan club.at home I have little bundles of energy moving around and touching everything.   And when they attend School,  they are morphed into tiny cotton swab Qtips swabbing all kinds of cooties and bugs.  So of course they share the love with Mom.  My little Qtip passed on a Chronic Sinus Infection.  So My cooking in the kitchen is out of the question.  So decide to pick up the pizza. dishevelled and stressed, looking like 10 miles of bad road.  I grab my purse, reach in for my wallet and immediately realize "Oh SH$T"  I forgot my wallet.Really!  Could this happen at any other time?   I am cranked up on Sudafed, Getting ready to pay for my pizza and I feel like an AssSo I tell the girl, I forgot my wallet I will be backI walk out the door with my tail tucked between my legs and my nose dripping like charlie sheen after a late night binge and one of the employees follows me out with the box of pizza  telling me to go home, get better and call me with your credit card info!I was quickly thinking maybe I should run home eat the pizza quickly pack a bag, change my identity and flee the country.  But that was a quick flash of insanity  due from the Sudafed I suppose.  So I promptly called in my info and the gal said thanks I hope you feel better.Can I get a woot woot!  This is the kind of service I dig.  This it what puts a place on the map.  I'm hooked.  Pizza Price shopping is no longer an option.  This is My new pizza spot.
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2011,1/5/2012,320,143,9,9,13>BEST BURGER JOINT IN DALLASClassic burger.Honest onion rings.Creamy milkshake.Incredible value.Fun old timey drive in.Burgers are juicy poppyseed bunned timeless prizes all wrapped in the prettiest burger juice glistening white paper.  Chili is the best tasting chili with a slight sweet taste, and would make Terlingua idiots hate themselves.  Oh Chili cheeseburger, you make life worth living.No suggestion box required for Kellers, this place is absolutely perfect and you could spend a whole afternoon or evening here playing with the window tray, making out with your burger or sexy date, jukeboxing with fun oldies, Elvis, and classic country, swigging beer, showing off your wheels.....you know just living the good life and what stuff dreams are made of.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2011,1/4/2012,102,246,4,7,5>My wife and I went to the Grand Opening party yesterday and thanks to Yelp, we were able to get in early!  The price of admission was entirely worth every penny!  They had a stage outside with bands playing, three stations where they were offering to fill your glass, and of course had some great beers on tap.  I was able to try the Festivus (black IPA, and limited edition), the Coffee Brown, and the Farmhouse Wit.  All, were fantastic!  I am extremely excited to be writing this review of the Deep Ellum Brewing Company because I think they are a fantastic addition to Deep Ellum.  A brewery in the back yard, yes please!The event was great! And a big thanks to Yelp and all those who were representing Yelp and helping to put on a great event!  I sure hope there is more to come from the Deep Ellum Brewing Company.  They have a great space and hopefully they are able to make a Beer Garden somewhere there.  If you haven't yet tried their beer, you're missing out, go try some!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,1/3/2012,160,285,18,12,9>On this momentous day, I took one step in the door for man, and took another step in for my stomach.I ordered the beef pho and egg rolls.  I've also tried their kbbq sandwich and grilled pork sandwich.Beef pho - I like the simplicity of just saying beef pho when I order.  Most of my favorite meats are already in the soup, so there is nothing I would add or subtract.  The soup was savory, with a rich taste that lets you know the pho was cooked for a long time.  If I had really thick skin, I would bathe in their broth for shits and giggles.Egg rolls - These are actually homemade by the mamasan in the back!!!  Delicious.  They are nicely stuffed with filling, so I didn't feel ripped off.  PLUS, they let me have an extra one cause that's how I (egg) roll.KBBQ sandwich - I hear this is their best seller and the meat is actually a convoluted secret recipe made by the korean spy that sometimes works the front desk.  You can tell by the way he constantly brushes his hair off his face...sneaky sneaky Mr. Man...sneaky sneaky.And yea, the sandwich is pretty spectacular.Grilled pork sandwich. - Um...winning.  But not as much winning as the KBBQ sandwich, but if I had to rate this sandwich on a scale from 0 to 1, one being best, I would rate it a 1.Fom the empirical evidence given, one can accurately deduce that T-Rex was by far a superior predator than the vaunted velociraptor.  T-Rex's sheer size and jaw strength would crush lesser men like twigs, but Chuck Norris could save us from his wrath with a mere CHUCKle. Oh, and Pho is for Lovers is not just for lovers, but for me, too.  Cause I'm a fighter.  Winning.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2011,1/2/2012,149,287,,4,3>What a cool place.   It's small.   I mean, SMALL.   I walked in, after reading the reviews on here - and at first was a little thrown off.   Nobody behind the bar, some guy sitting down was like "sit anywhere" - and there was only like 10 people in the whole place.    Turns out that the guy was the bar tender, just chatting with the guests.....   I looked at the drink menu, and it's not your typical "bar" menu.   Martini's - and Mixers that I"ve never heard of.   Where is my Crown and coke, my patron on the rocks....   Nay.  The bar tender insisted on something less traditional - and boy was he right.   Nothing crazy, just a fruit passion mojito.Well time passed, and the rounds kept coming, and that time to leave came - so I asked for the bill.   Went up to the bar to sign the tab, and that's when the fun actually began!!Turns out Keith (the bar tender) is actually the owner.  And what he was doing when I first walked in was a demonstration of what sets his place apart from everyone else downtown!!   Smoked Whiskey!?!   Cotton Candy?!?!   Hand made syrups?!?!  You have to experience this yourself.  JUST GO.   NOW.
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2011,1/1/2012,608,438,14,14,15>Here's how my experience with Bankston Honda happened. I was getting my tires changed at Costco and the techs said I had tire locks on.  The conversation went a little like this:Him: You have tire locks.Me: Tire locks? What's that?? Him: Well, they're theft deterrent devices, but don't really work that well. Me: Well, that's silly. Why would a dealership put on these so called tire locks if they don't even do what they're intended to do? Him: ..Your car doesn't come preinstalled with tire locks..You need to ask for them. Me: My sister is so friggin paranoid (it was her car before). Whatever..Now what? Him: Where's the key? Me: What key? This is all foreign to me!! Him: You're effed..(ok, he didn't say it exactly like that, but that's what he meant) I called Bankston because they're like 5 minutes away and spoke with a pretty rude guy. He told me that it was near impossible to know which key matches my lock nuts and that it would take time and money to get this resolved. 2 weeks and 30 bucks to be exact. The 30 bucks I didn't care so much about, but waiting two weeks for the replacement was not acceptable. I hung up and called in again. This time to the service department. I spoke with John and he told me to come in so he could take a quick look at it. Being in the desperate state that I was in I drove over praying that he could give me some good news. Once I got there, I was warmly greeted and I'm not talking that creepy "I want your business now" way. This was a genuine "I've been in the same boat as you and I'll do what I can in my power to help." OK, so far so good. I explain to him the situation and John tells me to wait inside while he gets my car to try to match the key. He said it could take a while as there are a lot of different keys and he may not even have it. After 5 minutes he comes back with a big grin on his face and says "I've found it!" hands me the key, and tells me that "it's on the house." Uhh..really? What's the catch?? No catch. John went above and beyond all my expectations of someone working in a dealership. Granted, he wasn't in sales, but who braves the Texas heat (it was close to 110) and tells me I owe him nothing after taking time out of his busy work day and even giving me a key? CRAZY..If everyone was like John this world would be a much better place. The only bad thing I could bring up is the first conversation I had with the uninterested gentleman, but that event was easily overshadowed by the respect and kindness that was shown to me. I'm not looking to buy a car anytime soon, but I'm sure that Bankston will be my first stop when that time comes. Thanks, John!
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2011,12/31/2011,34,125,5,5,5>I am a beer lover. I am struggling in Dallas because the distribution laws are like a python wrapped around the state, constricting the flow of many great beers into Tejanos' bocas. In spite of that encumbrance, places like the Meddlesome Moth still frequently surprise me with their selection and dedication to customers.This place deserves the hype it's received. It has a nice location. The atmosphere is chic, yet dank enough to cause you to notice the yeast sediment lazing around the bottom of the beer you just (mis)poured. The art on the walls is local and unique. The food has yet to do less than impress. And the beer.... Ohhh the beer. It's yummy.The semi circle booths are a great place to plant your bum for 2-3 hours of social imbibing, but I recommend sitting at the main segment of the bar. To your right you'll see the kitchen, firing orders left and right. To your left, you'll see Sofia Loren jealously ogling Jayne Mansfield and her exposed nipple. Before you, you'll see some $1350? in quarters serving as a backsplash. Above you, you'll see the updates to the beer menu plus a list of upcoming events and tappings. The bar seat is equivalent of the captain's deck on the Starship Enterprise. When you order a beer, be sure to say, "Make it so, Number One." Things to look for: beer dinners (I went to the Stone Brewing Co. dinner during April Ale Week and it was unforgettable!), weekly new brews (keep an eye on their "firkins," or cask ales) and the chess pie. C'est magnifique!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2011,12/30/2011,129,78,1,8,4>Where do I even start with Quarter bar?I've been coming here since I moved to Dallas.Let's start with the specials:Weekdays: Happy hour 4-7 - $2 wells and domesticsMonday: 1/2 priced pizza, $1 PBRTuesday: $2 drafts and frozens (coke & cherry limeade)Wednesday: 1/2 priced food til 10pm - try blue cheese siracha chipsThursday: $2 wells and domestics til 10pmSaturday: $2 wells and drafts until 6pmSunday: Abita Haze specials during Saints Games, to support its namesake - The French QuarterI prefer being upstairs, outside on the patio if it's nice, but to be honest they could shove me in a corner and I'd still have a good time here. It gets packed, but I've never had a problem getting a drink. Cool set up, old furniture, lots of places to congregate with a larger group if you move away from the bar. They also serve booze pops and open up the second bar upstairs on the patio during the summer. Drunken popsicles? yes, please!Two thumbs up from this girl.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2011,12/29/2011,109,75,6,6,4>Forget Sprinkles. Forget Society Bakery. Forget any other cupcake/dessert place you've ever known. Creme de la Cookie is the only worthy bakery to step foot in.Okay, maybe that's a little over-the-top, but it's how I feel. Being someone with a minimal sweet tooth, I'm a harder judge of these things, so I feel like you should trust me (even though we barely know one another).The smell alone that oozes out of this place makes you want to pull up a cot and stay a while. Their treats are so perfectly delicious from their variety of cookies to their "Screaming O's." Yeah, you read that right. And it isn't called that for nothing.Next time you said you'd supply the treats for a get together, try this place out. You owe it to your tastebuds and waistline.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,12/28/2011,241,251,3,5,6>Only was here a short time-but loved this place.   Our waitress was just as sweet as could be-and very helpful.  While they don't have the largest selections of brews they should have something to please every palate.They have some great drink specials(Rarh and Sons Winter Warmer for 2 bucks-I'll take one or three!)and M-F from 4-8(I think) appetizers are half price.  Bonus!The bar itself is very attractive-beautifully stained dark woods(all done by the owners-the bar,tables and chairs ,walls-at least according to our waitstaff)and you can see that the owners take pride and have a passion for their business.  It  is family owned and they are doing things right!  We only had the chips and two kinds of salsa on this trip but will be going back soon to try other items as the menu looked great!If you are looking for a great little place to just chill and have a couple of good beers with friends you should add this to the rotation!
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2011,12/27/2011,166,221,3,10,8>I've been dreading to go to this place simply because of th Long lines i heard of and inadequate service from some friends but a friend of mine who works with this establishment convinced me to go around Lunch time to check it out for myself so since i had some errands to run in the  Addison area i decided to check out the Infamous Buttons.I remember the place vividly as the Former Sambuca's which i used to frequent over 10years ago and not much really changed to the decor and style of the place. It wasn't busy at all inside so we got seated almost immediately. We were served the menus which was quite extensive since they have a Booklet Menu for all serving types but i managed to get to the end of the book to find the Lunch servings.I ordered the Ox tails and Rice for my meal and my Friend had the Philly Cheesesteak Sandwich with Shoestring fries that came in a cute tin bucket. I also ordered Fried Green Tomatoes for the Table.The Food came in an adequate time and the Server was friendly and efficient. The Fried Green Tomatoes came in first and the arrangement and presentation was quite impressive with three lightly battered tomatoes topped with a egg over easy with andouille Sausage bits scattered around the plate. It reminded me of some good ole soul food.For my main entree , The Ox Tail, It came with about 3 or 4 Big portions of Ox tails with a Tomato like Broth with some rice ( I could use a lil bit more) . The food was great. The Oxtails were succulent and very tasty and the Broth was not too thick and ended up being a great lunch. My friend liked his Philly Sandwich but was too fall to eat the Shoestring fries so i helped out and loved the Shoe string fries and really liked the idea of it served in a tin bucket. Overall , It was a great lunch and fine service and i think Leslie Brenner from Dallas Morning News was just being a Snob for giving this place a 1star but based on the place i dined in it was a great dine. I might have to brave it one day in the near future to see what the hoopla is all about at night in this place.
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,12/26/2011,473,3,9,11,9>When I heard about Draft Picks I was expecting it to be just another regular sports bar with tvs and your everyday bar food with some drinks. I was totally wrong. There is no sports bar like this one. You are greeted right away once you walk through the doors. The first thing you will notice is the 220' HD screen. Now that's how you watch your favorite sports team. It's like you're actually at the game! lol. With the huge screen are tons of tvs throughout the place. Not a single sports moment will be missed. Atmosphere is awesome. The decor is very nice. Staff is very friendly and eager to wait on you. They are quick to get your food out. Show me a sports bar that has over 100 beers to select from and 30 beers on tap?? Along with that the food is nothing you would expect from a sports bar. There's bar food and then there is gourmet bar food. And Draft Picks definately has gourmet bar food. I would suggest starting off with the frito chili pie. What's so special about this? it has rice in it with a kick! What frito chili pie do you know has rice in it?! Fried Mozzarella sandwiches is also another good appetizer. For the entree get the ginormous chicken pot pie, Aussie burger, Bison burger, open faced turkey, wings; these are just a few I've tried. There is just too much goodness to list. Yes read the reviews but at the same time try it out for yourself. I promise you you will enjoy your time at Draft Picks and will be coming back very soon
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2011,12/25/2011,141,325,,7,5>Probably the best steak I've ever had in my life.  I'm not a huge steak connoisseur, but it was fantastic.  This is an "expense account and special occasions only" kind of place for me.  It is very, very expensive.  However, I wouldn't say it's unreasonably priced.  I think it's actually a bit less to come here than it is to go to The Old Warsaw, and I think it's better.For my fiancee's birthday, we had:-Lobster mac and cheese-Fried Potatoes-Peppercorn New York Strip (her entree)-16 oz ribeye (my entree)The service was pretty good (a bit slow), but the food was fantastic.  I was expecting nothing less, as they are a Pappa's restaurant.We didn't have any (we couldn't fit another bite), but the desserts looked fantastic also.A good bet may be to come here and order off their "bar" menu.  It's a very small menu (I think only a couple of selections), but they're a bit cheaper and come with mashed potatoes.Also--one thing worth noting...  this is a VERY dark restaurant.  I like that they have it darker as steaks just don't taste as good under bright, florescent lights for some reason.Suit and tie isn't required, but I wouldn't feel comfortable with anything less than business formal attire.  I'd stick with button down shirts (not polos) and slacks.They also had a cigar room, if that's your thing.
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2011,12/24/2011,165,290,1,14,4>Bentley's Dog Wash is like one of those coin-operated car wash places, except for dogs! The do-it-yourself service is such a great concept for owners that like to bathe their own dogs, but without dealing with the mess in their own homes. The place is kept immaculately clean, no dirty pet odor. I went on a Sunday evening and there was no one manning the shop, so it really was completely self-serve. There are 6 private bays with different heights for small, medium, and large dogs. Like the carwash dial, you just turn a knob on the side of the wall to select wash, shampoo, rinse, conditioner, and rinse, and then finally dry. One hose handles the water-based selections (water, shampoo, conditioner) and another hose is for drying (two options for medium or high air blast). The shampoo and conditioner are "all natural, pH-balanced, and vet approved" and come out diluted from the hose, making it easier to apply. Upon entering, there are machines where you can purchase $1 tokens [credit cards accepted]. If you buy $10 worth, you get an extra token free (or 11 tokens). If you buy $20, you get 23 tokens. The machines take $4 to start and you can add additional tokens as necessary. Their website says the average cost is $6-10 for small dogs, $10-14 for medium dogs, and $14-20 for large dogs, depending on the thickness of your dog's coat. I have a medium corgi and used $10 (or 11 tokens, since one was free). $10 spent here sure beats a completely wet bathroom and semi-clogged shower drain at home. It was only my first time and was still getting acquainted with the machinery - if I time it correctly next time, I think I could use 8-9 tokens and be done...4 tokens for wetting, shampoo, and rinsing. Apply a special anti-itch conditioner that I bring in myself, which requires 10 minutes of wait time. Then 4 or 5 more tokens for rinse and dry. Tips: Bring your own towel - this will reduce drying time (and $$). Also, be sure to bring an apron to keep dry.
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2011,12/23/2011,302,390,5,8,5>Where was this place when I needed it 3 years ago?! One of the downsides to being single and working super long hours is that after work you have no real time or desire to cook, so drive-thrus become your friend although they are the mortal enemy of your pants. I swear I packed on the pounds during that time. If I had a place like My Fit Foods, it would have really helped and I could still fit my club clothes.My Fit Foods is a pretty simple concept. It is freshly made and packaged gluten free, healthy, low fat, diabetic friendly foods ready to be grabbed and heated up when you're ready. What's even better is that they can tailor your meals to you choice if you join the eating plan that promises to help you drop 20 pounds, within a month with them providing breakfast, lunch, dinner and two snacks. Now this isn't the gross prepackaged creepiness of eating plans like Nutrisystem, but is actually well seasoned, fresh food that you pick up. I had a chance to try the Lemon Ground Turkey, Asparagus and Converted Rice and it is so good! I would warn though that if you aren't a fan of spice, some dishes may be too hot for you. I really loved it though. Also, the price point is well on, especially with that drive-thrus charge now.So do yourself and your pants a favor and check them out.
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,12/22/2011,541,525,14,10,11>Hi, I'm Allison and I'm addicted to Private/Social.  Now, imagine yourself running naked through a marvelous field of florals, smiling and laughing with all your best pals.  That is what Private/Social is like.   The place is spectacular.  Smells new even....right on McKinney, this place picked a gold mine of a spot.  The decor is modern and fresh, tables are far enough away that even though your on the social side, its still private.  Not gonna lie, I got a little star struck when I saw Tiffany (she was one of my ALL time favs on TC).  She is awesome....and everywhere.  I felt like everywhere I turned she was there....schmoozing with people, cooking, checking on tables...Yay.For a Thursday night, that place does a bangin business.  My friend and I sat at a great booth that literally overlooked the entire restaurant.  Our waiter was fabulous and was SO excited we had come to dine with them.  The menu is great and I did not care what people said when I drooled looking at said menu.  We decided to start with the Thai mussels....can't....speak....about....that.  Tip, be sure you use all the bread in the broth.  You're welcome.  For my main course I ordered the fried chicken with collard greens.  Ya'll...this chicken is not normal.  I have no idea what the F*#k she did to that bird, but I want to hoard them in my house.  Wasn't totally in love with the collards, but when you take a bite of chicken, then a bite of greens.....change of undies will be needed.   My comrade got the oxtail and at every bite kept saying "what is happening?!?"  Yes...its an out of body experience.   I really can't say much more, because I'm feeling a little light headed.  Overall, this place is great for any occasion...cocktails with friends, dinner with a loved one, girls night out....and fried chicken eating contests.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2011,12/21/2011,384,355,19,31,9>I've been wanting to check out King Spa for a long time now, but had been afraid of the nakedness until one day I was feeling pretty lousy with sinus problems and someone recommended that I visit a wet sauna so I thought, "here's my chance!" It was like an out-of-body experience! I'm glad I visited by myself for the first experience so I could convince my friends that it's not all that bad. After paying the $22 entrance fee (rounded up after tax), I grabbed a pink uniform and headed into the women's locker room. I put my belongings in a locker and started to get changed into the pink cotton shorts and pink cotton t-shirt. I noticed naked women drying off across the room and I though, "Okay, here we go!" Getting nakie took a minute to get used to. I feel I must clarify that women only see other women naked in the wet area of the women's locker room! That being said, I walked into the wet area completely nude, took a shower in the bay of open shower stalls. I was too grossed out to use a bar of soap that had already been used so I washed with the shampoo that was in there! From the shower to the 4 hot pools- the temperatures only varied from 101, 103, 104, 106. There was a cold pool with fountain that I didn't bother with. The pools are in the center of the room with showers along one wall and rows of massage tables along the other walls. For some strange reason there was frosted glass with etchings of the Simpsons, doh! In the back corner there was the wet sauna, which felt great on my lungs! I threw on a new pink uniform and scheduled a body scrub and massage for an hour later and headed out of the locker room to explore. I checked out a few of the rooms and headed for the walk-up food counter, studied the menu, ordered a $12.99 bento box, and waited for quite awhile for my food. It was like food court food. Not too bad- I've had better! I noticed a group of Korean men watching a soccer game on the projection screen in the main open space. Small children went into the children's room, and an announcement for Despicable Me playing int the theater came over the speaker. I headed off for my massage. I got naked and showered again and laid on the massage table like the others next to me. A Korean women in her bra and panties starts scrubbing me down with something that feels like sandpaper, ouchy at first and then enjoyable. I'm periodically doused with a large bowl of warm water. Almost every square inch of my body was scrubbed, and she got a little too close for comfort to my girly parts! Hot towels were then draped across me, for a massage (she didn't seem like a licensed masseuse by any means!) There were some karate chop movements down my legs, elbows in my back,etc. It kinda felt good but odd! Next I was drizzled with baby oil and then milk, hmmmm. I felt like I would slip right off the massage table when she spun me to the other side to wash and massage my hair. Next she brought three mini cucumbers (crap- what is she gonna do with those?!) She grated them, chilled them, put them all over my face, and wrapped my head in breathable gauze! I honestly felt so vulnerable, but I just went with it! Finally it was over after 90 minutes and I showered again. A little unsure of what just happened, I checked out more rooms. Luckily, they had descriptions of what properties the rooms had and their effect on the body. Apparently purple quartz has some magical effect because it was in a lot of the rooms! It was mostly a meditative quality in the rooms. Lots of Asian people, and a few black, white, and hispanics. There were several "girl groups" gossiping to each other in the rooms. After checking everything out, I got dressed, and paid my $97 tab (body scrub, massage, and lunch) and got on the road. I left feeling refreshed and somewhat dazed and confused!
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,12/20/2011,89,87,5,5,4>This place opened up in the old Viet spot down from my nail salon. My dining companion and I were going to have a meal out anyway, so I called to see if he'd be down for a burger- he was!I walked in and told the counter guy (who turned out to be an owner) that I was waiting for someone. He gave me a drink while I waited! I would say that their seats are a little uncomfortable, but most people probably don't hang out reading a book for half an hour like I did.The menu doesn't have a whole lot of choices, but what's there is gold. Everything is made to order. I ordered a cheeseburger with fried mushrooms as my side (ranch costs extra) and my dining companion got the Texas- jalapenos and cheese stirred into the patty.The owner turned out to be very knowledgeable and friendly. This is close to our house so we will definitely be back!EDITED TO SAY: I just wish they had sweet potato fries. I called to request them but the owner sounded non-committal about it.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2011,12/19/2011,221,354,3,4,3>I picture the Dukes of Hazard hanging at a place like this.  Except more trailer park-ish.The decor is nothing but awesome.  It leaves your eyes wondering around at the items they have collected and were given by patrons.  Although they are still adding to it.  There's a multitude of animal heads and hub caps to gaze upon, including a couple of pinball machines to swing your hips into.  There's lawn chairs out front for you to sit and watch traffic pass by.Single Wide is narrow inside and since the construction on Greenville Ave. is just about complete, makes it an ideal place to hang out with fairly easy parking.  There's a plethora of spirits and brews to please you. Although there is no food, you can easily hit something within a spitting distance.  Happy hour specials had us rocking.  Alan, my bartender was helpful and courteous and fit the single wide theme.This is a place you can come as you are, dressed up or down, local neighborhood watering hole.  Where the drinks are good but cheap.  A place you will want to come more often than not because you can let loose and no one cares cause they accept you for who you are.  No teeth and all.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2011,12/18/2011,11,185,8,7,6>Good quality for an amazing price.  We got the Trio deal (all coupons can be found on the website) of breadsticks, two house salads and a three-topping pizza for $18.95.  With tax we paid $20.51 because guess what?  No delivery charge and no fuel surcharge!  How bout that?  I don't know another place where I could get all that for $20 total - especially since I asked for spinach as a topping, which a lot of places don't even carry.First thing I noticed was that they are GENEROUS with the toppings.  Beautiful.  All incredibly tasty, particularly the meatballs and the crumbled sausage with abundant fennel seeds.  Lots of oregano was showered on top and cooked in, too, which was fantastic.  And the cheese was applied with a sense of moderation, so yay for that.The pizza did, however, have two major flaws: 1) the crust, while thin and crisp enough, had virtually no flavor; and 2) where was the sauce?  Not even exaggerating - it was non-existent.  I don't know what happened there.House salad is iceberg lettuce, scallions, one green olive and one peperoncini.  I suppose it was what I expected.  The dressing was way too cheesy and sharp to be enjoyable.  Breadsticks and marinara were perfectly delicious, as long as you are okay with the commercial style dough (i.e., think of the ones from that Italian chain...).  I don't mind.  Bit of an indulgence once in a while.So, overall, food is 3.5 stars, but rounded up to 4 for very friendly service and great value.  Definitely another good local option.
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2011,12/17/2011,33,63,2,4,3>Living in DFW for your years, I had never been to Deep Ellum.  BUT that all changed Labor Day weekend and I was introduced to this wonderful dive bar. A good friend and fellow Yelper, Tisha E. usually meets friends for $1 Taco night on Mondays.  Let's just say you need to go to Lee Harvey's for $1 Taco night.  On Labor Day, we decided to go have a few beers and some $1 Taco.  This was probably one of the best times I've had at a bar next to seeing Graceland Ninjaz here (but we'll get to that later)! They sell buckets of beer and you can bring your dogs especially on Sundays! Getting back to Graceland Ninjaz...they were playing here the following Saturday so a friend decided to celebrate her 30th b-day here.  Lee Harvey's was crowded and everyone was here to see the Graceland Ninjaz!  They were amazing and are a must see if you never have!I'm definitely looking forward to returning to Lee Harvey's! Come discover this dive bar in Deep Ellum.
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2011,12/16/2011,113,594,3,7,4>The French Dip Au Jus is the best I've ever had!!  I come here strictly for this and whenever I don't order it it's a really difficult decision to pass on it.  Four of us went for dinner last night and we all had the French Dip, says something about how good it is if four people order the same thing.  We also ordered their special appetizer of the night which was roasted artichoke hearts with homemade roumalade.  Simply stated, PHENOMENAL!!!  I've always had artichokes steamed or boiled but never roasted.  I almost ordered them again for dinner, they were truly amazing.  I've now discovered the only way I want to eat artichokes from here on out.  I ordered a glass of the Fog Dog Pinot Noir that paired greatly with the roast beef in the French Dip.  The waitress was a little slow to take our order and a little slow to bring the check but other than that she was extremely helpful in wine selection for the women with us and in everything in between ordering and bringing the check.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/14/2011,12/15/2011,38,88,5,6,4>I flipping love this place!!! Not only do they have a plethora of amazing cheese, possibly one of the foods of the gods, but they are chock full of other delectable goodies. Assorted flavors of honey from the Savannah Bee Company? Got it. Rose petal confit and other interesting and delicious spreads? Got it. Rick's Pick's pickled veggies all the way from Brooklyn? Got it. Add in mind-blowing sandwiches, nice wine selection and a friendly, knowledgeable staff and you have one great food find. Dallas is extremely lucky to have Scardello.
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,12/14/2011,2046,587,3,7,8>I made it back for dinner and have decided night time is the best time to really enjoy RA.We started with some edamame. It was much better than my last visit - cooked and salted adequately. I'm not a fan of rolls loaded with cream cheese, which unfortunately take up over half of their specialty rolls menu. I decided to nosh on a rainbow roll, yellowtail nigiri and the Tunacado special. The rainbow roll was huge and extremely fresh. Same with the thick pieces of yellowtail. Surprisingly, the only dish I wasn't crazy about was the seared ahi tuna with fresh avocado and ponzu dipping sauce. I found the sauce to be not complementary to the fish and the peppercorns on the tuna were too large and obtrusive. And there's nothing attractive about fishing out peppercorns stuck in the cracks of your teeth in front of your dinner mates.Service was pretty great. I can't remember his name, but he had the drinks coming out quickly and picked up dishes as soon as we were done.Although there are many other fabulous eatery options in the immediate area, RA is a solid choice for some "fancified" sushi.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2010,12/13/2011,137,147,14,4,5>Want to be the King of El Salvador? Roll into Pupeseria Lilian with a wad of twenties like I did...four o'clock on a Saturday...almost every table taken...clientele looking a little third world riff-raff-ish (ever seen the extras in Nacho Libre?)...only caucasian americano in the joint. Hell, for what I spent at Tei An, I'm paying the whole restaurant's bill right here, right now...in cash...the plump salvadoran waitresses gazing up at me as if I had a halo emanating from the back of my neck. They steal glances out in the parking lot to see if I have a pick up truck with my last name decal-ed across the back glass.Well that's my fantasy at least.  In reality, I feasted on a late afternoon snack of two moist, savory pupusas with marinated latin cole slaw ($3), a Mexican sugar cane Coke ($2), a Sprite and hot chocolate ($1.50 each) for my boy, all for $8.17, plus tip. Are you freaking kidding me?  These things are tasty, with a wonderful red sauce, and a good green one, served icy cold in squeeze bottles. I think you are supposed to open the steaming pupusa and stuff a little of the marinated salad inside and drizzle each bite with hot sauce. Ole.   yelp.com/biz_photos/dVLLI'll be back to try one of everything.  Oh, there are plenty of other items besides the $1.50 pupusas such as Salvadoran breakfasts (served all day), various tamales, and traditional plates like fajitas and carne asadas, etc.I'm pretty sure it's cash only.Oh, and you should have seen the actual look on the waitresses' faces as I dropped a freakishly large (in proprtion to my check) $5 tip on the table and gave them my best "how you doin" Joey smile as I walked out the door. I think I saw all of them swoon.
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,12/12/2011,160,643,2,6,5>The Nash farm was established in 1859 and is the oldest intact homestead in Tarrant county. The original farm was over 100 acres and occupied most of the land to the west of Grapevine Main Street including the railroad tracks. Thomas Jefferson Nash left Grapevine to serve for the Confederate Army and returned to build fields, vineyards and orchards. The family sold cotton, wool, eggs , and wheat. Reopened as a museum in 2009 the Nash farm hosts education seminars on topics like beekeeping and where milk comes from geared towards citified youngsters on saturday mornings in the spring and fall. They occassionally host tractor rides during Nash Farm Days.The Nash farm has a covered pavilion with picnic tables and can be rented for family reunions or even as a wedding reception venue if you want an outdoor alcohol free event.I am deducting a star because the wooden lace on the porch of the farmhouse is in disrepair as well as the front porch boards themselves. I know repairs cost money but I think its important they fix it. Especially if you have signs up all over the house that say $250 for a photography permit. Really? C'mon, the FW Botanical Japanese Gardens only charges $75 for a permit. Free Admission just to walk around.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,12/11/2011,97,150,,7,6>Cheapest. Meal. Ever.I've frequented Ethiopian restaurants in almost every major U.S. city-- while Lalibela isn't the best in terms of quality, when it comes to value, they definitely take the cake.$28 (sans tip) covered a meal for 4 people--one meat combination platter and one vegetarian combination platter. That's $7 a person for home style Ethiopian food! You can't beat it. Their platters come with a larger variety of dishes than some restaurants I've been to as well. Much like Indian food, it's very hard to find "bad" Ethiopian food. It tasted great and we were stuffed!There isn't much effort put into the ambiance here but that lends it an air of authenticity. Service was pretty great-- the owner came over to personal greet us and talked to us for awhile, he is a very friendly guy and it seems like a lot of people within the Ethiopian community hang out at the bar here. The waitress who took our order had some issues understanding our questions, but it wasn't really a big deal. The place seemed clean enough though, to address the concerns of cleanliness in other reviews.
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2011,12/10/2011,2329,510,12,10,11>This is a gay bar. I'm straight. But that didn't stop me from loving this place all the same! If I could write a love note to Hidden Door, it would go something like this:Roses are redViolets are BlueYou had me at 50 cent beer on SundayThat and your drag shows tooI discovered this place because I live within walking distance and was invited by my neighbors. Even though I stood out (I was the only girl), I'd definitely go again. Staff and patrons were extremely friendly, and I just got an all around good vibe.Oh yea. Did I mention 50 cent beer?
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2011,12/9/2011,193,251,17,15,8>I really want to tell you, NOM NOM NOM, bout , NOM NOm, how good, NOM NOM NOM, this place, slurp slurp, ahhhhhh, this place is. But I can't stop eating the meal I ordered yesterday. IT'S SOOO GOOD!  What am I going to do now that my keyboard is covered in yams and bbq sauce? LICK  - - THE - -  KEYBOARD !!!!! That is the only acceptable answer. IT'S THAT GOOD. Not that I would need to, the portion sizes are insane! One meal has covered the two of us for dinner and breakfast. I'd love to sit here and try and describe to you every last detail of flavor, but I don't need to since you should already be in your car driving that direction by now. We had a 3 meat plate with:Ribs (So tender and good) Sliced Brisket (plenty of smoke laid on, lean without being dry) Hot Links / Sausage (typical BBQ sausage but still good)   Sides: Collard Greens (They were amazing! Really fresh and very tasty) Cooked Cabbage ( Best I've ever had) Yams ( That ate like dessert, so cinnamony and sweet YUM!)  They have peach cobbler out with a frozen ice cream machine for after your meal, But good luck having room. I really liked the cobbler, but it was kinda cold. We didn't have the ice cream :( Oh also, service is strange while going through the line. I wasn't quite sure why people were getting severed behind us when our plates were ready to be sided. But I'm sure they have a system. I just didn't know what to expect. Once we got to our table they had a gentleman come by to make sure we had everything we needed. Also on our way out a very friendly guy went way out of his way to open the door for us and thank us for coming. I felt very welcome there.
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2011,12/8/2011,70,154,9,15,9>It seems like I've been here 5 times in 5 weeks.  No joke, this place is that good.  The Burgers:  In general, the burgers here are tops.  Extremely juicy patty imparted with lots of flavor.  The ingredients are high quality and they're always cooked perfectly.LA Burger - signature burger with an over-easy egg, jalapenos, and sauteed kimchi.  I didn't think I'd like this burger at all because I'm not usually a kimchi fan, but i was suprirsed at how perfectly it complimented the burger.  It's definitely a subtle pickle flavor that doesn't overpower the burger or hit you over the head.  The egg on top is perfectly runny.  Cali Burger - over-easy egg on top with bacon.  Thick cut bacon that's generously mounded on top.  The perfect burger if you're not into fusion.Psychedellic burger - loaded with mushrooms and flowing with swiss cheese.  I love mushrooms and this burger is very mushroomy.Other Eats:  Bulgogi Tacos - 3 tacos with flavorful bulgogi and a special spicy mayo sauce.  This is a perfect choice for lunch if a burger might send you into food coma.  Also comes in chicken and pork which I will have to try next time!Curly fries - think Arby's but way fresher.KTown Fries - These fries are like the bag and pumps that compliment the LA Burger.  Topped with tons of bulgogi & cheese, these fries are like 50% meat.  Filling and delicious, I'd recommend this dish every time.Service:The service and attentiveness here is untouched.  It's a family-run business that, you can tell, wants to ensure a satisfactory visit 100% of the time.  They're always stopping over to see how we're doing and it's definitely noticed.  In total support of local business, this is a great addition to the Valley Ranch food scene.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2011,12/7/2011,150,120,7,7,6>Ha, wow.  Usually I agree with other yelpers, but this time I'm in shock!  I love Crossroads.  From the hostess to the waiters to the, last but not least, food!To start, the little red/black haired hostess is too friggin cute.  She was perfectly alternative but non-threatening to all the bluehairs, and even took the time to pay compliments to both me and my mom.Each time I've been the waiters/resses have been fabulous.  Onpoint and sweet.  I asked our waiter today where they get the bread and cheese (because after eating a bite of that wheat I NEEDED to have a loaf), and he didnt only tell me the name but came back with the address and phone number of the bread company. and of course.  The food.  I get a fritita each time, and most recently chose the red pepper, goat cheese, and chorizo.  The goat cheese is plentiful and fresh and creamy and amazing.  The chorizo has perfect flavor and is nicely distributed through the fritata along with the red pepper.  The fritata plates come with your choice of toast and hasbrowns.  As I mentioned earlier, the bread is phenomenal, but my only complaint is the hashbrowns. They're a little on the soggy side.  I prefer a much crisper hashbrown, but I'll forgive them :)
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2011,12/6/2011,199,200,7,9,6>I don't eat a lot a one time. I physically cannot consume large amounts of food in one sitting, much less finish an entire burger and fries. Or... at least that's what I thought before my YourWay Burgers experience.Wow. Love at first BITE. I've been actively looking for a good burger place since my favorite joint in Fort Worth (Billy Miner's) closed their doors.I tried Smashburger. FAIL. I tried Five Guys. FAIL. I've been to Burger House. Eh... OK. Burger Street is good for a take out place, but at lunch time, it really pays to get out of the office.The staff is friendly, the guy at the counter asked me if it was my first time and then proceeded to tell me how to place an order. Pretty simple, you get a laminated card and dry erase pen and you choose your meat, choose your bun, choose your cheese, toppings ... and OOOHH meat filling? awww yeah.So I got a 1/3 pound beef with chopped mushrooms, onions and jalapeno filling, on a wheat bun with cheddar cheese, a fried egg, and (oh want some more grease?) bacon - I balanced all of that with a few slices of avocado, lettuce and tomato. I accompanied my burger with sweet potato fries w/ the lemon pepper seasoning. I was worried (just a tad) about the fried egg, but DUDE. I am awesome about building a burger. I am a burger building selection maker upper master. I totally gobbled up the ENTIRE burger. AND my fries. ME. Absolutely amazing. Indeed.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2011,12/5/2011,55,167,10,19,8>I've been anticipating my trip here for a few weeks.  Took some time to gather folks from work to follow me on my hunch that this place would be good.Quick edit: I spoke with a real nice older lady before I left to tell her how much I enjoyed lunch.  Salt and pepper hair with a Jamaica shirt on and a nice thick Island accent.  Little old Jamaican ladies in the kitchen should clue you to how good this is!So, as anyone from around here can imagine, the neighborhood is a bit rough.  I did feel a bit out of place but was treated well and service was friendly with a bit of a smile even.The restaurant is exceptionally clean, while I didn't use the restroom you can see the kitchen is shiny and looks pretty damn spotless as well.  Lots of Caribbean favorites here (didn't see Red Stripe tho ;) ).  The food comes in Sm, Med and Large along with patties and hot water cornbread on the menu.Sm - I'll estimate 14-20 oz of foodMed - 20-24 oz of foodLarge - 24-36On my plate (I got the small goat curry and a meat patty)  I had half a potato about a quarter to half pound of succulent goat in a heavily spiced curry, 1 big helping of cabbage (yum) and beans and rice (also heavily spiced and yum).  This was the small...Buddy A got a medium jerk chicken, slightly larger cabbage and rice portions but what I'd call half a chicken straight up.  I tried the sauce and the chicken was very sweet and heavily spiced.  Me personally I like it effin hot so it didn't do much for me. He proudly proclaimed this better than Caribbean Grill.Buddy B got the large jerk chicken and meat patty.  He's a body builder/powerlifter so I figured how big could it be and will he kill it.  Dude... this was a ton of food.  He got a full platter split with cabbage and beans and a separate size bowl of just jerk chicken (same size as my entire entree for reference).  I swear to you, it was a whole chick and maybe a few pieces more.Portions are LARGE.  The to-go boxes as mentioned do screw you so I'll recommend you order it for there, have a bite then get a to-go ;).The patties by the way were DELICIOUS!  They had some scotch bonnet sauce on the table little sweet, little vinegary and nice heat.  Went good on everything I put it on.  I'm debating next time just getting lots of patty's... those things are BAD ASS and for 1.85 not too pricey either.  Beware, I burned the ever loving $#@! out of my mouth, the inside was like lava ;).Will definitely be back!
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,12/4/2011,199,275,9,12,8>This place has everything a girl could ever want. Really pretty decor, well-made fun cocktails, and some really amazing cake. Yeah, it's called Whiskey Cake for a reason. Order it - after your meal, before your meal, with your meal, to take home with your packed up meal, in a box with a fox, on a boat with a goat....ya get it? D and I hit this place up for some bites and drinks after watching Cirque du Soleil's OVO. The drinks were creative and well thought out. Berry side car and basil gin smash thing, YES. We also had the deviled eggs with lox (IN A BOX WITH A FOX1) Sorry. I'm getting out of hand here.  But they were spot on seasoned and cooked. D had the homemade jerky which was like $7 for 3 pieces and just okay. We also some fried green tomatoes which were great but the real star was the damn cake. It's a buttery caramely torte with a rich vanilla whiskey sauce and the kicker, a little side of freshly whipped cream just for you. If that ain't service, what the hell is? The servers were adorable. The guys wear suspenders and it's precious. The girls wear cute aprons and everyone was so damn nice. I think prices are reasonable and their patio is kind of awesome. I think I might be in cake love.
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2011,12/3/2011,44,101,17,6,5>One of the services offered at Valley Ranch Acupuncture is an ancient Chinese practice called "cupping". Being someone slightly north of anxious and to be honest, having very little pain tolerance, I never would have tried cupping if I researched it before the first time I tried cupping. Seriously, don't google cupping, don't wikipedia cupping, just consider trying it if you have ever wanted / needed a deep tissue massage. I've had those types of massages before. They hurt like a mo-fo and my back is sore for days. Don't get me wrong, massages are fantastic but when my back is really sore, I have a cupping session. Basically, a dozen or so small cups are applied to your back, suctioning the skin and superficial muscle layers as they are drawn into and held in the cup. In some cases, the cup may be moved while the suction of skin is active, causing a regional pulling of the skin and muscle. Trust me, it doesn't hurt and like I said, I don't have much of a threshold for pain. Not to get too graphic, but cupping sort of feels like a hickey . . . . . . and like those junior high 'love bites' cupping leaves marks unfortunately. They fade away within a few days but immediately after cupping, yeah your back looks like you had a hot 'n heavy make out session with an octopus.
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2011,12/1/2011,213,499,7,14,8>Miss Piggy, why do you taste so gooooood?Forgot to bring a lunch today.  Got in the car to go to Wendy's for some Chili (i'm getting deja vu from my SmashBurger review!) but I accidentally turned the wrong way out of my work campus.  Racked my brain on where to go, and my brain kept chanting "Dough! Dough! Dough!"  I tried to think of other healthy places in the direction I was going but all I could come up with was Snappy Salads and I wasn't in the mood for that.So, Dough it was!  And holy crap. They had a couple lunch specials and the one that caught my eye was the Salad, personal-sized Margherita Pizza, and Drink for $9.95.  But wait! I read a little further and I could get a personal Pork Love pizza for a couple extra bucks!  I had heard about this one from the swarm of foodies who went during the grand opening madhouse but I hadn't been too pumped about dealing with the crowds.  Luckily 11:15am on a Thursday for lunch was only about half full, and I was immediately seated at the "chef's table" bar overlooking the pizzaioli working hard to churn out all the adorable little pizzas.  The chef managing them/the waiters was stationed a few feet away from me and I was impressed at how SUPER on the ball and professional he was.  Nice job dude.So, I got the Pork Love, and added a fried egg for good measure.  I was in my own personal heaven for about 20 minutes.  (And by the way the salad was fine but I just may skip it the next time to save precious tummy room!)I'm sure all the pizza is good, and I'm waiting to go back with Dr. S so we can sample some of the burrata bar stuff.  But if you're in the mood for a splurge and you like the Piggy, the Pork Love is where it's at!
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2011,11/30/2011,686,887,5,9,6>I have been searching for a hair stylist since mine left a year ago. Last time I went to some lady that messed up my hair so I was determine to find the BEST one to cut my hair! After yelping around I found Chris and Matt from Orange. I called in to ask for either of them for today and Chris had an opening so I took that appointment. I came in, he looked at my hair and told me what I should do to it. I'm not that picky about my hair style, I just need it to look good and easy to maintain. and I dont want to use a lot of hair products in my hair or have it take forever to be done in the morning. I have tons of thick hair that has natural volume so I can't do a lot of the styles that I want...He paid attention to my hair and thats what I want out of my stylist! his price was reasonable for me. His cut is starting at $60 but mine was $65 because I dont blame him...I have TONS of hair! lolI'm definitely coming back in the future as long as he keeps making me happy with my hair!!! :) I feel so flirty like I want to whip my hair back and fourth like Willow Smith...lolUPDATE: DOES ANYBODY KNOW WHERE CHRIS WENT??? he doesnt work there anymore :( It took me a year to find him and now he's gone!!! where did he go???? I NEED A HAIR CUT!!!!
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2011,11/29/2011,194,245,3,4,4>Remember that episode of Sex and The City when Miranda was afraid that the girl from her chinese take-out place was making fun of her because she knew her order by heart? Yeah, that's me and Uncle Chen's.....They are such nice people and they always know my order and even offer up new things to me when I ask to try something new. Same delivery guy everytime....and they never mess up my order :) I love their sweet and sour chicken and I know that is't the most out there thing that you could order from a take-out place, but hey, it's pretty spot on  and yummy. Wonton and egg drop soup are pretty dope as well. I've never dined in and I really don't plan on it, especially since they have free delivery, so the disparity between mine and Melissa B. post are due to that reason. However, for me Uncle Chen's is old faithful....
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2011,11/28/2011,259,574,3,9,4>Yum! I tried out Meso Maya last night and they did not disappoint. I'm holding out on the 5th star until I go back and try some more of their intriguing dishes, but I expect they will earn it soon. Upon entering (which WOW so different from when it was chic - I love what they've done with the place) I was greeted by a hostess and a manager and seated right away. The manager asked if I'd been in before, how I heard of them and gave me a little bit more info about their dishes/menu which was nice. I decided on the Carne Asada with an additional side of elote con crema. The chips and salsa they bring to the table are fantastic. The chips were warm, crispy, salty perfection and the salsa was flavorful, a little smoky and had a pretty good kick to it. Somehow half my basket of chips disappeared... I'm blaming a chip stealing ninja, but it was probably just me eating them up! My food came and it looked amazing. I posted pics so you can see too. The carne asada was juicy and flavorful, the sweet corm tamale was great, the black beans were nothing amazing but they'll do (hard to impress me w black beans honestly). The elote con crema was so good. Sweet corn with creamy crema and cheese, a little lime to brighten it up and give it some acidity.. really well done. They also brought me some (guessing made in house) corn tortillas so I made my own version of carne asada tacos with some of the meat - yum! The service was spot on. My waiter was constantly refilling my drink and checking on me, but never felt bothersome or annoying. I was too full to even think about dessert (I'm blaming you delicious tortilla chips!) but I can't wait to go back and try the budin azteca (which is a layered tortilla dish), tacos (carnitas!), enchiladas, and the cochinita pibil - which is a braised pork dish that sounds amazing. Go to Meso Maya. Do it now. Thank me after.
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2011,11/27/2011,290,376,4,12,8>Synonyms for AWESOME: amazing, wonderful, breathtaking, superb, grand, splendid, remarkable, astounding. To those, I'll also add ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS. All of the above are my impression of the food and service I enjoyed on my first visit to Misto Bistro. Rarely does a spot garner 5 stars on a 1st try, but MB is so deserving. I arrived around 1600 on a weekend day afternoon, well before the traditional dinner hour. Greeted by an affable, friendly server, Tyler. This young man obviously enjoys his job showing his enthusiasm with every action. It was very quiet, only one other table seated, so Tyler and I had opportunity for lots of enjoyable conversation. This casual-ly upscale restaurant has two dining sections; I sat in the raised area to the right of the entrance. The other larger room is at the back, passing a nice sized bar on the left. (BTW, dress up, dress down, this is NOT a snobby dining venue) I like the decor; think red and black, with pale ivory walls. Black lacquered tables and chairs, black table cloths with red napkins. Along the inside wall are half booths in a black & white pattern. The few windows at the front of the restaurant are accented with a darker red silk drape, tied back. The overall feel is simple casual elegance, setting the mood for a quiet and pleasant dining experience. On to the extensive menu.  As others have posted, the menu is categorized by price, rather than by food type. I find this quite interesting, kinda clever in a sort of way. ($4, $8, $12, $16, $20). Choosing from the many options was a challenge; I almost dug into my purse to find a coin to toss; so much was appealing. I started with Bruschetta as my appetizer, which was all the synonyms listed above. The presentation was beautiful and different; 6 rectangular slices of warm crunchy bread with olive oil and Parmesan cheese, accompanied by a small bowl of topping. Tomatoes, basil, olive oil, balsamic, tiny chunks of mozzarella and artichoke heart. Off the charts in measurement of deliciousness; I wish I had learned more adjectives in school. My ultimate choice of entree was the Beef Stroganoff, which came with a soup or salad; I opted for the French Onion Soup. This soup was yumalicious, with the beefy broth, soft onions, cheese and herbed croutons. It had a hint of sweetness, which was the perfect compliment to all the other flavors. After the wonderful bread and the warm onion soup, can it get any better? Yep, it can and it did. The Beef Stroganoff arrived piping hot in a large bowl. Perfectly cooked egg noodles in a creamy, smooth sour cream sauce, with fall apart moist tender morsels of prime rib. Yes, folks, PRIME RIB! The sauce was a bright yellow color because of the  Paprika, adding so much flavor to this spectacular dish. And, a most generous serving; half traveled home for lunch the next day. Other than that which my hubby made (he was a great cook!), I've never had BS as luscious anywhere else. This dish will be at the top of my list on return visits; however there are many others I can't wait to try. House Red wine was a very nice varietal, quite reasonably priced @ $5.00. Ummm, had two glasses :) Perfect end to my early dinner was meeting both Janet and Brad Parr, Chefs and Owners. What delightful welcoming hosts. They were so gracious and friendly, thanking me for stopping by. Other reviewers have commented on prices; I felt for the quality and deliciousness (yes, using that word again), the prices were most appropriate. Hey guys, this is NOT fast food. This is food prepared with love and pride by Chefs who care! Next time I feel I deserve a special treat, while reaching over my shoulder and patting myself on the back, I'll be driving to North Carrollton to enjoy another visit to this wonderful gem !
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,11/26/2011,66,80,3,5,4>One of my favorite places to eat Korean BBQ and just recently, its become one of my favorite places for Korean soups as well.  Before they serve the main course, you'll be served with approximately 10 Korean side dishes that generally includes kim chi.  For Korean BBQ, I generally order Yang Nyum Kal-Bi (Marinated Beef Short Ribs).  They'll bring it to your table raw and cook it over hot coals right at the table and yes, your clothes will smell smokey afterwards.  The meat is served with rice, lettuce, and a soy bean paste.The soup I've fallen in love is off of their newer menu that is not attached to their main menu.  I forgot the name but it has beef short ribs and bean sprouts in a mildy spicy broth.  The best part of the meal is the little drink they give you right at the end - shiki.  It's a sweet rice tea that is lightly flavored with ginger and cinnamon.  It is so refreshing and a perfect ending to a deliciously flavorful meal.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,11/25/2011,325,161,5,12,7>Rise up and grab a torta!I used to think you couldn't find a good authentic Mexican restaurant north of I-30, but I have been corrected. All I had to do is get off the beaten path. Usually in order to get a good Torta I would have to travel to La Hechizera, but now I have a new favorite closer to work!Torteria Insurgentes get's it's name from the longest Street in Mexico City "Insurgentes" or insurgents, named after the army who fought the Spanish for Mexico's independence. It's not a taqueria, although they do serve tacos, it's a Torterilla. A torterilla, not to be confused with tortilleria (where they make tortillas), is where they make tortas; which is the Mexican equivalent of a submarine sandwich. Although similar in style, this is no sub. First the bread it's made with is much bigger, closer to an overgrown hamburger bun. It's toasted on a hot pan with some butter. Then they add mayonase and avacado, plus a smokey chipotle hot sauce that is more tangy spice than hot. Add your choice of meat to it. They have several combinations culminating with the Cubana which has just about everything but the kitchen sink.On this trip I got the Dallas, it comes with grilled chicken and fajitas. I absolutely loved it! Add a Mexican Coke, Sangria, or Fanta to wash it down.To the victors go the Tortas!
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,11/24/2011,188,317,5,8,3>I've never been to Philly.  If you were born and raised there and give Gino's a try because I said they make a good sandwich, don't start complaining because it doesn't taste like what you get "back home".  I have no idea what you get "back home" and what that might taste like.  You're in Dallas, not Philly.  What I do know is what I like and what pleases my taste buds.  Now that we have that out of the way, I have to say that I enjoyed my sandwich today at Gino's!Gino's is located in a shopping center that I've only ever stopped at to get gas at the corner station.  Nothing had ever sparked my interest until I heard about Gino's.  It's a small shop.  There are only 2 small picnic tables out front, so you pretty much should prepare to take your sandwich to-go.  Their offerings were quite extensive.  I had the #6 Gino's Cheese Steak.  Very simple for the most part: onions, peppers and provolone.  That's all it needed, good stuff.  I went with the large and didn't feel overly stuffed so I think it was a good size for a hungry person.The sandwich to bread ratio was right on.  I hate going to sandwich place where it's more bread than meat.  That wasn't the case here.I'm going to come back.  I don't know if it's authentic for the people from Philly, but it was definitely tasty.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2011,11/23/2011,193,345,9,7,5>OK so the reviews below look contrived, so I will go ahead and give you the real story, as someone with more than a few yelps under my belt ;) Overall, I think this is a great addition to the neighborhood and will be a place we frequent.  They are open for breakfast, lunch and dinner, offer up a bright, roomy space with an easy-going vibe.  There's a couple TVs, but it's not a sports bar, there's a pastry display, but it's not a bakery.  They have a versatile menu (of "clean food" if you haven't noticed), and offer the nice "extras" like dog friendly patio space and wi-fi for us folks who camp out over coffee during the week. Their menu is healthy without being boring, and conscious without being pretentious.  The offerings are user friendly and not off putting (you can have gluten free* - or not) and offers enough variety that you can please a few palates.  (I had tuna tartare, he had chicken and waffles)The service was super friendly, the crowd diverse. We tested the waters pretty well as I came in straight from working out, my dude straight from the office, no one batted an eye - in fact our server was sporting a green mohawk so it was all good. I'm super stoked to have this little gem in my neighborhood, but I'm holding off on the 5th star until I've been a few more times.   You should check it out, we'll definitely be back.  *I have said this before, but I still have no F'ing clue WTF a gluten is
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2010,11/22/2011,462,279,10,14,11>2 words:Pie.  Milkshake.So, legend has it there was a lady who knew how to bake a mean pie for her family and friends.  After years of hearing that she should go into business selling said pies, she finally decided that was a pretty good idea.  And so Scrumbscious Pie Company was born.  Or something like that, anyway.The entire family was there to serve us the night our 6-car caravan pulled into the parking lot.  Even if the pie milkshakes didn't live up to my expectations, I still would've been impressed by the passion this family feels for their business.  They've just moved into their new location and the space is still a little empty, but don't let that take any focus off the star of the show:  the pies.I had no idea it was even possible to take a piece of pie - crust and all - put it in a blender with a half-gallon of ice cream and a few teeny tiny measurings of milk (I'm not kidding here, they measure milk in little jello shot containers and I only saw a couple of shots going into my shake -  I'm pretty sure they only use as much milk as they need to keep the blender from blowing up) blend it all up and call it a milkshake.  Now that I've discovered them, I'm not sure I can ever go back to just ice cream and milk.We came pretty late in the evening and they were out of several flavors.  Luckily for me, they still had enough pecan pie to meet the demand.  This was one serious milkshake.  You know how good pecan pie is with a scoop of ice cream on top, right?  Now imagine the ooey gooey goodness mixed in with the ice cream.  Yep.  That's what it tasted like.  Right down to the little bits of crust that floats around in the ice cream along with the pulverized pecans.  Mmmmm.Once they served everyone, they made a batch of shakes out of every remaining pie flavor they had and served samples to us all.  I'm pretty sure this was their attempt to get us all hooked on their crack shakes to ensure we all come back for a fix.  If the first step is being able to admit you have a problem, then I'm on step #2.  Which is going back to try everything else on the menu.  Fried pies made out of fresh (seasonal) fruit, savory fried pies made with meat, bleu cheese shredded BBQ sammiches, burgers, fries, pies, oh my.Thank goodness Scrumbscious moved further away from my house.  Hell, once I get a hold of their fried pies, I may need them to move to Oklahoma.  Or Canada.
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,11/21/2011,610,180,8,12,7>This placed was advertised on Dallas Yelp's front page FOREVER!  I'm thinking, gosh, what is all the hype with this place?  Thankfully, I was in the area and the sweet but healthy tooth was kickin' so I knew it was time to try!The staff was so friendly.  They explained their menu to us b/c there were so many choices!  I've had tapioca in the past and it always fills me up so I typically stay away from it.  Well, they explained to me tapioca is a good source of fiber.  REALLY?  I didn't know that!  Alright then!  Fill me up!  What's even better is that their tapioca is not too chewy.  There are times when I'll get tapioca and omg, my jaw hurts from chewing!  But nope, not here!And what is this?  POPPING boba?  It's like a gusher in your mouth!  Give me that too!  Ahh strawberry shortcake but in a drink!  It really tastes like you're slurping up a strawberry shortcake in a cup.  LOVEThe bf had the strawberry banana smoothie (his usual and will NEVER stray).  He was in love too!  I also had one of ther Liège Waffles with strawberries and chocolate.  OH MY GAWD.  Crispy on the outside but moist on the inside with the tartness of the strawberries and sweetness of the chocolate - pure heaven!  They also do alot of things to help the local community.  When I visited, they ask for you to donate your receipt.  At the end of the day, they would donate 10% of the total of the receipts to a nearby public school.  Now isn't that cool?  You scratch their back and they'll scratch yours!While I waited for my drink (a very short wait), I played a quick game of Connect 4 with the bf.  There are other cute little board games available to play as well.  I saw Guess Who and Scrabble!  Not to mention free wi-fi!They have so many other unique drinks that sounded so delish.  I honestly can't wait to go back to try the others!
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2011,11/20/2011,236,272,3,8,8>I went to this place for its grand opening, and I was immediately impressed with the selection of vintage goodies here! This place is not as big as Lula B's down the street, but it boasts a pretty large selection of all kinds of things. I particularly love the vintage musical instrument section in the back, and no matter how many times I go back there, I always have to play with them. They also have a super cool section in the front with lots of vintage toys that are sure to bring back memories!I have to say, though, that the most impressive thing about this place is Sam, one of the owners. Every time I have gone in there, he has been nothing but gracious. He'll answer all your questions, and give you help when needed. Thanks to him, I got a great cocktail set for a Secret Santa gift exchange, and a really cool Tiki glass for a friend for Christmas. Love this place, and will be a repeat customer!
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,11/19/2011,226,292,6,19,8>I'll reserve the 5 star review until they get their full menu up, but damn, these are some good tacos.First of all, it's nice to see West Plano get a unique place like Korean fusion street style tacos. Second, to the folks that complained about the size of the tacos - they're street style which means 2-3 bites and it's gone. This isn't some secret money stealing trick by some profit mongers, this is how traditional tacos are done. At Kor-BQ they're generous with how much meat they give you and at $2 a pop, the quality can't be beat.They're still in the process of getting settled in. Apparently their previous contractor took off with all their kitchen equipment (flat top, fryer, etc) so they've been using small countertop grills to work. They had their new grill getting installed when we were in and were confident they'd be at full force soon.It's true, they don't have seats, but there's a counter running along one side with napkins so you can actually eat there.I started off by getting two of the bulgogi (ribeye) and two of the dweji (spicy pork). There are a couple options on how you can have them dressed and I went with the recommended lettuce slaw on the bulgogi and cilantro and onion on the dweji. Hello there, flavor explosion. The bulgogi meat was tender and packed with flavor. Sesame, garlic and a little bit of sweet were what I tasted first, then the slaw kicked in with a little acidity. The lightly grilled tortilla was soft and soaked up the extra juice. I decided this was my new favorite taste experience.Then I tried the dweji. I'm a heat freak so I didn't think it was too hot by any means (for me it could have been hotter). Still, beneath the heat there was a lot of flavor going on. The fresh onion and cilantro on top mixed well with the salty and spicy bits of pork. I added a squeeze of lime and it added another level of flavor. I then decided that this was my new favorite taste experience. Unable to pick a favorite, I went back and got one more of each and had a chance to chat a bit with the two owners. They seem like cool guys dedicated to making some good food in a part of a town dominated by chains. I really hope this place finds a good audience.I demolished the two remaining tacos and paid up. For six tacos and a water my bill was just over $13. I'm not finding a meal like that at that price and that quality anywhere else in the area. I'll be back.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2011,11/18/2011,207,393,4,8,5>As Ricardo wrote, this Carmine's is not affiliated with Crap-mine's in Richardson. The Spring Valley edition is pretty good - if you have in mind a particular type of pizza. Do you like the foldable NYC kind? The type that when creased, a small dribble of orange grease oozes along the rift and drips into crime scene patterns on the white paper plate? Thin crust, ever so slightly burned underneath, made of all white flower with familiar, modest toppings and affordably priced? $5 will get you a slice and coke. $20 will get you a 16"-er and a couple cans of beer. This may not seem like the sexiest description, but Carmine's isn't trying to be sexy, trendy, or inventive. I do love me some Il Cane Rosso, but every once in awhile I want to be able to pronounce the ingredients on my pizza. Carmine's has no pretense. It's comfortable, familiar, low-key and no-frills. If you get a hankerin' for big ol' foldin' pizza sold by the slice out of a heat-lamp cabinet, served on paper plates, eaten on plastic red-and-white checkered table "cloths," Carmine's on Spring Valley will give you what you need.A fifth star would have been granted if they had a deli counter with cannolis, tiramisu, cheesecake (all homemade, of course), and an espresso machine. They'd bank!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2011,11/17/2011,3760,1373,8,9,9>I've had some off putting experiences here: distant and zombie staff plus drab food like lintel purée in grey gravy with poppy seeds.  But on my Sunday brunch visit every chord was hit : cheerful and helpful staff, comfy eating areas in and around an outdoor fairy tale courtyard and the real winner - clean, fresh and tasty vegetarian dishes and salad bar. For $8.95 it's one of the healthiest dining experiences in Dallas.Today was a personal 5 star experience.Located in an ugly poor east Dallas neighborhood near a freeway.Gift shop has music, trinkets, food, books, Clothing and objet de hari krishnas. Ohm
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2011,11/16/2011,56,88,4,7,6>This place totally ROCKS like only a white rock lake establishment can!!! Since the boy and I are beginners, it's a great way to get your feet wet - pun totally intended. WRPco is located on, what I would consider, a strategic spot. It's close enough to the open lake for the die-hards and also near a series of smaller calmer waterways for the noobs like us. Either way, you are bound to come out a little more experience an muscularly toned. I seriously LOVE LOVE LOVE that they have a 10hr pass. It's a great deal since we want to come back many times. If you don't get the pass they give you a punch card. Get 5 (1hr) punch cards and get your next Ihr free!! And since we are of the plastic only generation, it's a true god send that they take credit card as a valid form of payment. The first time we went out, we opted for a canoe right around 7pm. If you've never rowed before, I would get a few pointers. The first half hour we were completely uncoordinated...and there was definitely a bit of irrational bitching on my end. But after we finally made it out to the lake and just kinda floated there on the open water... watching the sun setting behind the trees...it was all lovely kitten dandelion rainbow cotton candy feelings. Yea...disgusting...I know. So anyway, great date idea for the right lady or guy. So thank you White Rock Paddle Co. You've made my relationship that much stronger!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,11/15/2011,608,886,3,6,4>We always get tea at McAlister's every so often and we noticed a sign for this place. I was excited because I liked it in California. So tonight we were making our way to get some sweet tea at McAlister's and noticed it was finally open! Very excited to try it we quickly walked over and ordered my usual Honey Green Tea with tapioca. Was it a "welcome back" home feeling that I had when I took my first sip? Was the tea brewed well and the tapioca balls perfectly chewy? I'd have to say I was a happy customer.  I liked the green tea and the honey made it sweet, but not too swee. The tapioca was perfectly chewy and it wasn't hard nor was it too mushy - I think T.E.'s tapioca beats out all the other boba shops I've been to in Dallas!  Or perhaps it comes in at a tie with Fruitealicious or Big Bowl Shaved Ice.The inside is a fairly decent size space and they have cute tables and chairs...it reminds me of Pinkberry furniture. The menu is very eye popping and oh boy-its going to take some time to look at all your options, unless you stick with one or two favs. T.E. is known for their awesome extensive menu so take advantage of it!One thing to point out is they don't have your typical Chinese food that you find at T.E. franchises. What they do have for food are a couple of snacks. I forgot to order myself some crispy chicken, but I already had dinner and was too full for more food.  I've had it before so I know it tastes good, but we'll have to see if this specific location makes it the way it should!Im excited and happy and I can't wait to come back to try more things! And can't forget to mention that service was provided with a smile. :)
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,11/14/2011,322,339,15,13,13>Beer lovers unite: great hole-in-the-wall bar in a formerly super sketchy "ladies niteclub" that was painted bright purple. I'm pretty sure people used to get shot here before the neighborhood began it's transformation a few years ago, which is one of the reasons I was so keen to try this place now. I packed my shank anyway. Just in case. They have a fantastic selection of beers on tap and even more in a bottle. They also have a great selection of micro-brews, including some from local Texas breweries like the Pine Belt Pale and Buried Hatchet Stout from Southern Star, and the Live Oak Hefeweizen, from the Live Oak Brewing Company in Austin. They also feature a number of microbreweries from all over the country. I was so excited to see beers like Breckenridge's Vanilla Porter, Oskar Blues' Olde Chub, and Rogue's Hazelnut on their chalkboard list, that I may or may not have made an "O" face after ordering. Aside from beers, they have a full bar, and our bartender made us the house special shot which goes by the name of "Free Rent". With a name like that - how could anyone resist taking one? The bartender, Rosie, is a Beer Nerd's fantasy: cute as hell and knows her beer. When I asked her questions about a micro-brew I have not tried, Rosie poured me a small sample so I could try a sip before purchasing an entire pint. Very considerate to my taste buds and my wallet: you gotta love a girl who is lookin' out for both. The play-list was everything other Yelpers have mentioned. On the night we were there I heard Joy Division, The Dead Milkman, and The Smiths. Maybe this bar has really cleaned out the riffraff and therefore eliminated any stabbings, but at least I can still hear dark and death from the jukebox. "BITCHIN CAMARO, BITCHIN CAMAROI ran over my neighborsBITCHIN CAMARAO, BITCHIN CAMARONow it's in all the papers.My folks bought me a BITCHIN CAMARO with no insurance to match;So if you happen to run me down, please don't leave a scratch.I ran over some old lady one night at the county fair;And I didn't get arrested, because my dad's the mayor."
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,11/13/2011,239,468,2,3,3>I met up with a group of girls for dinner before a festivity of late night drinking and dancing at Lakewood Landing and MAN did we stick out! The place was dark, dreary looking and we were the only women in the joint. I was so hungry I didn't care and asked for a shiner and greasy bacon burger right away.I asked and Lakewood landing delivered people. The cold shiner's kept coming and my old fashioned burger was ginormous, savory and had just the right amount of grease. I'm talkin mmm mmm smack 30 people around the block it's so good. I ordered onion rings and they were divine as well. Our service was awesome and so chill. We stayed for a good while chit chatting and enjoying the great music playing from the jukebox. After chugging down my beers I had to use the ladies room and that's when I discovered the bar was a little slanted and the ladies room had enough writing on the walls and stalls to keep you occupied for a good while. This is an awesome little bar to support, eat, drink and be merry!
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,11/12/2011,124,51,8,7,6>I wanted to try Rise since it opened but was unsure how I felt about the idea of savory souffles. Well, fool me once, shame on....you.. fool me - you can't fool me again, see?! So, I'm proud to announce: MISSION ACCOMPLISHED!! Sorry, but we sat up at the front of the restaurant at "Dubya's" table. Ya, George W. and Laura are known to frequent Rise and have a special school table with lids at each seat that open to reveal their signatures on the inside - I even got to sit in Condi's favorite seat! Yes, it's French but there are no signature "Freedom Souffles" on the menu for The Decider. All kidding aside, this place would make representatives on both sides of the aisle Rise and applaud.I started with the marshmallow soup which sounded really strange but our waiter - whose personality was the kind you automatically trust - insisted that I get it and that I wouldn't be disappointed; he was right. It was the best tomato/basil-y soup I've ever had in my life. The "marshmallows" were puffed up goat cheese that simply melt in your mouth. It was rich, creamy and absolutely superb and I highly recommend it.For the main course our table ordered several different entree souffles and I believe the best of all that I tried was the crab souffle with a kick of chipotle pepper mixed in there. Really amazing presentation and so airy and flavorful. The special dessert for the night was a strawberry souffle which I couldn't resist, and shared between a few people was plenty to top off the evening. Oh ya, also give Rise some credit for striving to be "green" with a lot of their recycled wine glasses, water glasses, plates and such, which was pretty cool I guess - if you believe in all that climate change nonsense.
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2011,11/11/2011,434,194,6,8,8>Amazing ambiance, excellent traditional Greek dishes and an owner who actually cares about his customers are what make Atheneos Greek Village Cafe a gem. The location is slightly difficult to get to if you're not used to the area, but once you've found it, you're golden. Manny the owner offers many traditional Greek dishes as well as puts a new spin on classics. The food portions are excellent and well worth the money. I love the fact that Manny himself is always out on the floor, ensuring that wait staff is not only doing their job quickly, but doing it with a smile. You can really tell that he either is loved by them and inspires them to work hard or he puts so much fear into them they do his bidding without asking questions. Either way, it translates into a very pleasant dining experience. Live music is often showcased and there is nothing more enjoyable after dinner than one of the delicious Greek coffees. BYOB is a plus too.Overall, if you love Greek food, you will LOVE Atheneos!
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,11/10/2011,145,236,4,5,4>I was watching the food network and saw a clam pizza somewhere in the US so I yelped Clam Pizza in Dallas and the algorithm spit out Nonna.It was 8ish on a Monday and as we drove by this dimly lite place almost as if it was closed.  It has a laid back upscale feel.  I guess they are usually pretty crowded since they asked if we had a reservation even though there were at least 6 empty tables.They bring out puffy bread & olives but I thought it could use some oil & vinegar or something in addition to the olives.The pizza was awesome ... clams chunky... i like my oatmeal lumpy.  Sorry.  It had a thinner crust but not overly thing where it couldn't hold the pizza's contents.  Service was great.  Kind of overstayed our welcome as the last table & they didn't bug us or give us the stink eye.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2011,11/9/2011,511,139,19,20,14>Holy damn on a hot cake this place rocks.Wifey and I had been yelping our way through late-night spa reviews and were very nearly about to head to King Spa, when we saw this little golden nugget of massage majesty.Things to know:1. It cost $35 for the hour long massage/foot reflexology2. Keep yer clothes on3. You're in a darkish, public room on custom massage tables4. Looks are no indication of strength. as any one of them can reach in an pull your spine out. Of course they won't. Too much. I have what most masseurs would call a "challenging" body. I like to think of myself as muscular and "broadly athletic", but they probably think, "really tall hobbit".  That being said, my dude was relentless, and apparently, while I face-down on the table, he was alternating with another masseuse, to make sure the pressure stayed up -- freakin' awesome when I wasn't tearing up a little. The toxin release was evident as I felt like I had just drunk a 40 and my face was puffy like I woke up from a coma.These guys are *really* good -- you should definitely check them out!PS: I wouldn't necessary have anywhere you *need* to be immediately afterwords...S
<review# 1089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2010,11/8/2011,725,843,4,11,8>Places like this make me wish I were a proper wino.  Cute location, free wine tasting events and GREAT folks.  I was shopping for some wine for client holiday gifts.  The folks there knew exactly what I wanted.  They boxed it up, gave me gift boxes and a 10% discount because our office just moved in nearby.  I cannot say enough about how great this place is.  And Chelsea, the Stella Rosa was the wine they were doing the tasting on last week.  I hope you made it!Get on their email list to keep up on wine events.  And tell them to finish their website because it's going to be awesome when it's done.
<review# 1090,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2011,11/7/2011,895,667,10,12,12>Saturday's brunch is brought to you by the letter B.  I had brown sugar bacon, buttermilk pancakes and bottomless mimosas.  The brown sugar bacon was so delicious.  I wasn't crazy about the pancakes, but I think that was just my taste preference.  We kept our waiter busy with the bottomless mimosas, so much that he finally brought out a carafe.  He was super sweet!We were going to sit outside, but the sun was beating down just a little too hard so I was afraid of getting sunburned.  We sat inside at the big garage door window so it was like being outside without being outside.  When we saw a baby's diaper being changed at a table outside we were grateful for our decision to be inside with out the window open.  WTF parents?You know you had a good time, and like a place if you stay for over two hours.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,11/6/2011,220,341,7,28,7>Bold Statement Alert: The Italian Club of Dallas is the BEST find I've ever made on Yelp. Considering that I find everything on Yelp from my hairdresser to a bed and breakfast, being the best find EVER screams AWESOME! The Italian Club is a hidden jewel on the Addison Inwood strip of liquor stores. I've seen it often over the years during my visits to Queen of Sheba (another barrel of awesome!), but I wasn't aware that it was open to the public until I read some reviews on Yelp. The outside is quite unassuming and doesn't betray the secret of the incredible cuisine offered inside. Lunch is $14 for a 4 course meal. The four courses consist of a salad, soup, pasta choice and entree. It is kind of deceptive, because it is really 6 courses. There is a appetizer thrown in there, and today they also gave me a cannoli (tiny, but SOOOOO wonderful) for dessert. The soup and salad are served on a buffet. The bread is also self serve and includes a variety of oils. The salad is nothing special and is offered with 3 dressings: Italian, Parmesan Peppercorn, and Ranch). Honestly, this is so much food that I suggest skipping the salad and bread so you have room for everything else. The surprise appetizer was bruschetta (the best I've ever had) and another toast with seasoned meat and mushrooms. Oh...my...gawd! They were both absolutely to die for with perfect flavors melding together in a marriage from heaven! The plate as drizzled with a thick balsamic vinegar for dipping. A nice touch to add to the perfection on my plate! The soup was the most outstanding Italian soup I've had since Lombardi Mare went out of business years ago. Look at the picture I added to the gallery. That soup is jam packed with seafood....shrimp, calamari, mussels, bits of fish, miniature octopi, etc. Veggies and mini meatballs were also in there to create a cornucopia of joyful flavors for my taste buds! Many restaurants would charge $14 alone for a bowl of soup crammed with this much seafood. I thought about having more than one bowl (served on a buffet, so you can!), but I knew I wouldn't have room for everything else that was arriving if I pigged out on the soup. Soup...perfection! The next course was saffron risotto with seafood. It was perfectly cooked and portioned (they do not serve you obnoxious amounts of food). The risotto had plump shrimp in it and was served with two gorgeous mussels on the side. It was rich without being too much. I love that the flavors in this dish were not overwhelming so the seafood could be the shining star. Again...perfection. I choose the pan seared flounder with lemon sauce for my entree. The picture of this dish is in the gallery for you to admire. This beautiful, delicate, delicious fish was served with a medley of carrots and peppers with a polenta/yellow potato blend as well. Although I thought I was going to pop, I ate every last morsel. LOVE! The cannoli was served at the end. It was small, but the best cannoli I have ever had in my life. I usually avoid desserts, but THIS was incredible! Lunch--$14, drink (tea)--$1...my bill was exactly $15. Service was outstanding, so I left a $5 tip. I am still astonished at the high quality and amount of food for the price! Things to be aware of should you choose to dine at The Italian Club of Dallas. 1. They are only open for lunch Tuesday-Friday. 2. Dinner is served only twice a week on Wednesday and Friday (make reservations for Friday dining). 3. They have Italian sandwiches and appetizers for great prices on Monday nights during football season, when they also air the game in the restaurant. You will not see me here on Mondays since I hate football. 4. They have monthly wine dinners! 5. If the Olive Garden is your idea of great Italian cuisine, this is not the place for you. 6. This is the real deal for Southern Italian food, so had an adventuresome attitude! It will be worth it! Thank you Yelp for helping me find this gem! I cannot wait to go back!
<review# 1092,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,11/5/2011,117,105,,7,7>Wow! If you're looking for a unique date night or just something different to experience in Dallas, the Winspear Opera House is a great choice. Our friend invited the boyfriend and I to see Mozart's Don Giovanni on a Wednesday night. It was our first time in this new building and we had a wonderful time. We were probably some of the youngest people there, but we still felt very welcomed and like we fit right in with the unique crowd. The elaborate sets and costumes were amazing to watch....I was very impressed. Not sure if you'll understand the foreign-language operas? Have no fear...the Winspear projects English subtitles above the stage!Don't have a top hat & a $2,000 pair of shoes to wear? Don't worry...from business casual to floor-length gowns, I saw it all. Dress for a job interview/church and you'll be fine. As for parking, we valeted a block down the street near the circle of restaurants. They have a free trolly to take you to the Winspear or you can walk. For only $10 w/ validation this was the way to go. From the architecture to the great people watching to our FRONT ROW TICKETS (oh yeah) and beyond, a performance at the Winspear is  something everyone in the DFW area should experience at least once.
<review# 1093,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,11/4/2011,273,583,6,9,5>I've previously stated that I enjoy spam. I'm ok with this, you should be too. Well, after experiencing musubi in WA with the bro, I decided it was high time I wrap my lips around another. I trekked it up here and lo and behold, the check in special is a free musubi!! Sweet, spam it is kind sir!The restaurant was really quiet as Harold D. and I were the only ones dining in, but a few take out orders trickled in. I ordered a regular plate of moco loco which I think is best described as Hawaiian meatloaf! It's a meat patty served with a fried egg and a gravy all on top of rice. Uhhhhh, food coma inducing goodness. Something really comforting about it, that's for sure. While we were dining, the cashier approached us with a styrofoam box and instructions from her manager to give us dessert! YES! Fried dough covered in sugar, ghetto donuts as I refer to them, but we've all seen them on the chinese buffet line. These were amazing though. Perfectly soft, warm and simply delicious, it really scratched an itch I didn't even know I had going!I wish I lived closer, as eggs, spam and rice would be an awesome breakfast. :) or lunch, or dinner....
<review# 1094,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,11/3/2011,219,594,16,19,20>"This is the best burger I've EVER had," exclaimed the guy next to us. And he was a guy who looked well acquainted with the burger.  Also at the table next to us- a guy who ordered the waffle-battered fried chicken sandwich.  That's right fans- get up and cheer- because this looks like a Hotlanta dressed for dinner.  YES!!!I am so excited by the place.  This is my neighborhood.  I'm so proud to have a cool and authentic place like Good 2 Go Tacos down the street.  And now- I'm so proud to have this wonderful beer garden down the street and next to the awesome taco place!  Just call me the Welcome Wagon, because I will be welcoming them every day!  So forgive my bias, but I am blinded by love.  First, they have a decent sized patio. I think about 5-6 picnic style tables, under partial shade of a wood arbor.  The inside is spacious but divided well into sections.  They have a lounge section on the left. Local art adorns the wall, and I've got to say I love their accessories.  (Both G2G and Goodfriend have a decorative typewriter- I love the style and attention to detail!) The lounge area has an eclectic assortment of chairs and seating and is in front of a large tv.The bar is massive and impressive.  You might want to pull up a chair so you can drool over the beers, while trying to count how many they have on tap.  This could keep you busy for a while.  The bar takes up about a quarter of the space here. Next time, I think I want to sit here to get a feel for all the action.  In addition to beer, the menu listed some specialty whiskey cocktails.On the far side of the bar, or to the right when you first walk in, is an area of tables.  Tonight, not a single table was open.  We were all there, ravenous and curious after the long anticipation. I saw many appetizers go by and then promptly devoured, like zombies to fresh brains.  The waffle fries- "piggy pile"- smelled wonderful, and made me swoon.  We tried the cuddly pigs- a grown up version of pigs in a blanket. They were great- more meat than bread in this variation.The burgers.  Oh my...The burgers were BIG, and the most glorious thing for me (a true carb-lover) was the bun.  It was spongy and airy and covered in butter.  It glistened in the mood lighting, and my heart went boom-boom-boom.  Love at first sight.  I got a to-go box for the last fraction of my burger, so that I can stare at it lovingly tonight.  For real.What about the meat?  Oh yeah, that was good too.  Did you know it's grass-fed?  It was cooked beautifully- it was moist, but not greasy, and kept it's shape through the meal.  I tried the Pepper Bomb, which was good, and as promised....spicy.  Yowsers.  The first few bites were normal, and then it caught up with me.  I like that the menu tells you what burgers and beers pair well together, I always think that's a nice touch. (Even though I rarely listen- oops!).So yes, this place is awesome deep friend in glorious, served with a shot of "shut up, don't tell anyone."  You are witnessing the greatness we call East Dallas.  This is home.
<review# 1095,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,11/2/2011,188,256,7,7,4>I'll be honest.  I have never liked breakfast tacos.  I've always found them to be generally bland and boring.  I just don't think they can compete with their lunch and dinnertime counterparts.  Until today. Today, I found love in a breakfast taco, and I found it at Luna's.  Harry Hines in no longer just for getting your jollies at the plethora of boobie bars or scoring a deal from your friendly neighborhood rug purveyor.  Luna's is tucked into a corner of this famed street that I rarely traverse, and until recently I had never even heard of this place.The components of their breakfast tacos are simple yet satisfying.  The options are few, but sufficient. Bean and cheese, Bacon and Egg, Chorizo and Egg, Potato and Egg.  You know I ate one of each, baby.  My stomach knows no bounds when it comes to tacos. Of course, as you would expect, a "tortilla factory" makes honorable tortillas.  I've always felt that no amount of extraordinary ingredients can make up for a shoddy tortilla.  Beyond that, Luna's chorizo and bacon tacos are shining stars among the available options.  The chorizo is a firecracker of flavor, the bacon a crispy, salty gift from our swine friends.Luna's has made me a believer in breakfast tacos.  It's a bit off the beaten path, but well worth an early morning visit.
<review# 1096,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,11/1/2011,549,363,10,11,6>So, you want some "Americanized Chinese" but you don't want to go PF Chang's, you don't want to go to that "great but kinda scary" joint you only do delivery with, maybe you're not up for that authentic experience with ducks being hung by their necks in the window... Enter Howard Wang's Uptown! Finally, a place we can get spiffied up and go for Chinese food!We went for lunch on a Friday around 12:30. This place seems to be fairly popular with the lawyer crowd... saw lots of dudes in suits, lots of people who looked like they were on their lunch hour. We ordered a couple of beers and perused the lunch menu. For $10 you get your choice of soup or spring roll, rice, and a main course. I got beef and broccoli. It was really good. The beef was very, erm, beefy! and cooked really well. The whole dish tasted really fresh.Etienne got Singapore Noodles with pork. Fucker, he always has to order something to make me jealous. It was fantastic. As good as, if not better than I've had in San Francisco and Chinatown in Montreal. Overall, I really liked it, now I can't wait to go back for date night dinner!Hey, wouldn't it be cool if they started doing full-on dim sum on Sundays? Ooooooh!
<review# 1097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2011,10/31/2011,51,188,1,11,5>This recently opened up nearby and today we went to check it out.  It is a fast casual concept restaurant with pretty cool decor.  In addition to tables, they have a long bar for communal seating.  It has a slightly industrial, modern feel.The a la carte tacos are $3.50 each or you can get a plate with rice and refried beans.  We chose the former and I had the smoked chicken elote and the Cabo fish tacos and my boyfriend had the Latin Love and the ancho garlic shrimp.  They were quite good.  The smoked chicken is juicy with a little kick from the chipotle and the Cabo (which I had fried) was a generous portion of fish with jicama slaw and a chipotle cream sauce.  I had a bite of the Latin Love (shredded beef, refried black beans, fried plantains, cotija cheese and salsa verde) and that was really tasty as well, I'm going to order that next time.  In terms of size, the tacos are most similar to Fuzzy's (although I think they taste much better than Fuzzy's).  They are not your small traditional Mexican tacos so keep that in mind.  The food is also really fresh and made to order.We also had the guacamole and chips for $2.95.  While the price is in line for an order of this size of fresh guacamole, it's small, only enough for two or one hungry person.  I hope they add a large size to the menu because I definitely wanted more.  You can tell they made it fresh and it is chunky the way I like it with tomato and onion and a little zest of lemon.  They also have tortas and tostadas and if you are a vegetarian, you will want to check out the tostadas because all eight are meat-less.  My only disappointment is they don't have any aguas frescas or Mexican sodas, just regular fountain drinks.  But that is a small complaint.  I am really happy to have them in the neighborhood and I look forward to exploring more of the menu.6/4/11 Update:  Went for lunch to try the tostadas.  I think I might like them more than the tacos!When I first saw the list of their tostadas, I was disappointed they were all vegetarian.  I mean, it's great to have some vegetarian offerings but no shredded chicken (my favorite)?  I was bummed.  But still, they're tostadas and for some reason, they are not on many menus.For $6.95, you get to choose three of the eight offerings.  I had:--Americana with shredded lettuce, refried black beans, pico, roasted corn, cotija cheese and chipotle ranch--Latina with grilled zucchini, roasted poblanos, corn, cotija and crema agria--Azteca with refried black beans, lettuce, queso fresco, guacamole and cilantro cremaThey were all were so delicious and tasty with lots of flavor!   The tostada shell is really light and crispy and the ingredients work really well together.  I am so glad this place opened up in the neighborhood!
<review# 1098,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,10/30/2011,199,332,1,7,5>One thing I expected when I moved to Texas was to have my daily pick of the best BBQ available anywhere. Unfortunately, I was met by a sea of Dickey's, Spring Creeks, and Sonny Bryan's, which can be tasty early in the morning when the meat is fresh but never could be considered top-notch. Apparently, that mind-blowing BBQ existed south of here and thank goodness the folks at Lockhart Smokehouse have brought it to town. I must admit that I began the trek across town with trepidation because I really like BBQ sauce, so I was taking Lockhart's motto of "so good you don't need sauce" with faith. Hallelujah, they do speak the gospel. The juicy meet with that wonderful smoky flavor was heavenly. I had two slices of succulent (albeit a little fatty upon my request) brisket and a delectable jalapeno-cheese sausage. Be careful that sausage has bite...but nothing like the beans.Let's talk about those beans: best damned BBQ style beans that I have ever had. Most of this type of dish tastes like beans with sauce poured in them. These beans are slowed-cooked with bits of brisket, red onions and breathe of the devil making it savory and spicy all at once (OK, they actually uses slices of jalapeno). You may be praying that you make it to the soda machine for a refill if you get the wrong biteful but you will praise the flavorful. My stomach is not happy with this hellfire in my stomach at the moment but my mouth and brains are telling it to stop being such a baby!!One last word of advice. This place is smoky!! If you have loved ones with asthma or breathing problems, you will need to order take out. Also, there is no silverware. My wife thinks it's total "bullsh*t" but it is there way and I don't intend to argue with these saints of the smoker.
<review# 1099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2011,10/29/2011,105,217,,8,3>If you're looking for champagne taste on a beer budget, this is your place!  Reservations are mandatory, at least a couple of weeks in advance.  Read on to see why.This night we had a 4-course dinner, including 2 glasses of wine each, for a total bill of $57.00 - unbelievable for a two-party tab.  And the food was GREAT, maybe second only to the French Room at the Adolphus in quality.  In fact, the ONLY reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is that they frequently run out of stuff.  For example, on our most recent visit the first thing our waiter said was, "We're out of the lamb, the pork, the pizza (appetizer) and the vanilla creme (dessert)."  That's like 1/3 of the menu!  Oh well, you have to remember it is a teaching restaurant at the Le Cordon Bleu chef's school and the kitchen and dining room are staffed by the students, so one should not expect everything to go right on a given night.  But the food is so damn good that you can overlook that little nuisance.After three visits, we're convinced this is a GREAT way to save lots of money and have wonderful cuisine simultaneously - where else in Dallas are you going to find that???
<review# 1100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,10/28/2011,55,65,4,7,7>With 130 reviews, and a 4.5 star average, there's really little need for my humble opinion about Society Bakery. Obviously, these cupcakes are top notch. Instead, I will focus on my favorites.COOKIES 'N CREAM: It's like they smashed an entire bag of Oreos into a super concentrate of cookie and cream. The frosting was phenomenal.SPICE, ITALIAN CREAM, AND GERMAN CHOCOLATE were also very good. I was less impressed by the red velvet and the yellow cake/chocolate frosting (usually favorites of mine).Anyway, thanks to a recent groupon deal, my wife and I single handedly ate an entire box of a dozen cupcakes in 4 days, thus ruining any chance of ever losing the "holiday pounds". Well played Society Bakery. Well played.
<review# 1101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2011,10/27/2011,106,107,3,9,6>Let's be honest with ourselves.  There's only two things that matter on Yelp - 1) an average of 4 stars or more after at least 20 reviews and 2) the first two sentences of a handful of reviews.  So if you stop reading my review after this sentence, check the 5 blingin' stars and smother every single Empa in this Mundo with the Chimichurri dipping sauce.  Repeat after me: I will NOT eat a single bite without this sauce!  Empa Mundo is definitely a bright spot in the black eye of south Irving.  It's a little off the beaten path for most of us in the sprawling concrete wilderness of DFW, but well worth the drive.  It's a pretty unassuming place, but the focus is on the food so you'll get no complaints from me.  All the empanadas are really good, but here's my top 3 for the lazy reader out there (in order of greatness):1. Chicken/Criolla - These two are essentially the same but one comes with chicken and the other comes with beef.  If you only have room for one I would stick with the former as opposed to the latter.  2. Texas Brisket - Texas. Brisket.  Need I say more?3. Chorizo - Spicy and delicious.  The Chimichurri sauce goes well on all of these, but I think the Chorizo really highlights what makes this sauce so great.  All the rest are good for a few bites even if you're already full, but you can't go wrong with the allstars above.  I would stay away from the Chilipanzinga though because it seems to still be a work in progress and closely resembles a ham and cheese Hot Pocket. The owners are incredibly nice and well cultured people.  You can taste the passion they have for their chosen profession in the food they make.  This please deserves all the hype and praise it can ever receive.
<review# 1102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2011,10/26/2011,1341,757,6,11,6>This place so sooo yummy :)I honestly love how spicy they make their curries.The green curry is extra yummy because they add a lot of chunky cut veggies in it like eggplant and zucchini. The curries don't get as spicy tasting because of the coconut milk so I suggest getting it 5* spicy. Their stir fry gets hotter so 3 stars will be plenty hot. Get the thai tea while you're there. It's sweet and refreshing.**lunch special runs about $6.95. be sure to bring cash bc minimum for card charges is $10**
<review# 1103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,10/25/2011,144,127,,7,4>Second visit here!!!! We got the jumbo, which is chili, onion and cheese; the Chicago: relish, onion, tomato; Texas dog: onion, relish, jalapeño, celery salt and mustard; it was amazing!!!!! Oh my gosh, best place to get loaded dogs on Dallas.  If you like harry's off Knox, you will loveeee this place!!! Their poppy seed buns are great!!!! Harry's may be good, but this place is great.  It's a mom and pop run hotdog stand.  I can't stress enough how awesome this dog was!! The only thing that I would deduct a star for is, the seating area.  I understand that it's out doors and it's a hotdog stand, but I'm not going to take away that star because this place deserved it and I would totally eat this hotdog standing in the rain/snow/hail/sleet.
<review# 1104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,10/24/2011,73,357,4,7,5>Oh what a silly place! I hadn't been since I was a pre-teen but I still love goofy shit like this.  I was in charge of finding a place where we could meet some out of town friends who had a little baby in tow and this turned out to be the perfect place because you're in your own little room and if they baby had pitched a fit, it wouldn't really affect anyone else.  Luckily, the baby was suitably distracted by all the sights that he was actually pretty chill. We were seated in the library which would have been awesome had I not worked in a library all day already! Also, we truly lost the waiter lottery because we got stuck with the prince from Tangled.  Huh?  Very lame, he didn't really have much of a character to work with so his attempts at humor generally failed, not really his fault (unless it was his bright idea to be such a weak character.)  But we still got to see Ace Ventura, Joe Dirt, and Jack Sparrow do their thing which was cool- we saw the Captain leading some kids in the "we gotta WEE WEE" march around the place which was awesome. The food I had was fine, I wasn't even like ARG OVERPRICED DUE TO GIMMICK, I had a $20 prime rib that tasted just fine! The mashed potatoes were good but the veggie mish mash was a little bit of a soggy clump that I picked the still-kind-of-firm squash out of. The bread was tasty (I was very proud of my future husband and his ability to catch the bread when thrown) and the potions were suitably entertaining (OMG IT'S STILL BUBBLING!)  I liked that each color was a different booze- or as they say "extra magic."  The chicken parm didn't seem to go over that well as everyone was confused by that tiny blob of melted cheese and my man's ribs were kinda dry and tasteless.  Another person got the shrimp- the waiter told him that although it isn't on the menu they also come grilled and so he got half fried half grilled.  He said the grilled was really good so keep that in mind if you feel comfortable going off menu at MTM.  Also of note, the lemonade does not have free refills so you're payin' $2 a pop for those things (why didn't she just drink a potion? She was pregnant, so I guess that's a good reason.)  No one actually wants more than one potion either since it's super sweet and pineappley, everyone just switched to beer after that.   The place is certainly worth checking out for the crazy decor alone, it's quite a scene!
<review# 1105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,10/23/2011,569,258,7,4,11>P1 day 1. Who wants to hear some guys from other name stations that don't know our local sports scene tell you about how our teams are or should be.  F**k that I wanna hear about the Big Black Cowboy computer tell us how things really are. I want to hear fake Jerry talk about his team screwing the pooch and losing another game.  Well now you know how great this station is so stop reading and get online and listen or tune into 1310 The Ticket asap.  Don't forget my favorites the dramatic readings of Tiger woods fun with whores.  If you got big boobs like the hardline hear from you and always wake up your significant other in that special way.
<review# 1106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2011,10/22/2011,320,143,4,3,5>Dear Research and Development, You put cocktail sauce in your Bloody Maries. You are a genius as this added flavor made me want to eat one million shrimps. All my life I've been drinking cocktail sauceless bloodies. What an idiot I am. Added jalapenos put mine over the edge of bloody competitions. Menu is very simple and all the flavors are splendidly sharp, satisfying, fresh and healthy, but chances are not low in the calorie tot-um pole. I loved the ambiance of the sunny happy light wood lodge patio. Somehow my eyes are gullible and if you are saddling the bar area and looking back, the roof is designed to make you feel like you are on a fancy porch patio outside, when you are actually indoors. Genius! Deviled Eggs = creamy and chunky at the same time. Yummy! Desserts: I watched some middle school kids saddled at the bar chow down on a sundae that came equipped with a vat of chocolate sauce. This family must have been rich in cash and sweet tooths as each child sat with their own giant dessert in complete silence, savoring their magic temple of sugar with serious faces like they were taking the SAT. Lucky kids. I cannot believe they all ate every bite and licked the chocolate vat. I'm very impressed by this family.
<review# 1107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,10/21/2011,193,459,4,10,6>Wow, the beef pho broth is one of the best I've had in town. For all the pho novices out there you can really tell the quality of a bowl of pho by it's broth. The broth was GREAT and the bowl comes with all the usual beef: filet, brisket, and meatballs; all cooked to perfection. I couldn't help but notice the KBBQ Banh Mi (sandwich) on the menu and had to order one to share. A really unique idea I have to say; korean bbq meat in a french baguette topped with mayo, cilantro, and most importantly, kim chi! It turned out to be quit swell and I must give props to whomever came up with this idea. All and all we were very satisfied with our visit to Pho is For Lovers and will def. be coming back. A cute little shop that knows how to make authentic pho south of 635. Thumbs up!!!
<review# 1108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2011,10/20/2011,27,142,5,4,5>This is pretty easy:  if you like something resembling authentic Texas BBQ from a place that is a chain, this is the one and only choice in Arlington--and really the only decent chain in the state.  On the other hand, if you've ever eaten Dickie's or at rib chain (Red, Hot & Blue, Tony Roma's, Sticky Fingers) and came away impressed then you will probably NOT like Rudy's and you should probably stop telling people that you like BBQ.  Just head over to Chili's and order the baby back ribs covered in a slimy sweet sauce.  Or a McRib.Again, this is a chain, but they get pretty close to the authentic, hole-in-the-wall, Texas Hill Country experience.  Right down to serving off brand cola like RC.  The place smells like a bonfire--the way it should.  No waiters--you order at a counter.  Again, like you should.  You can order meat by the pound and it comes wrapped in butcher paper--when you open it at home it will make your entire home stink like a grill and you'll drip grease everywhere.  Just like it should.  And it's all served with all the white bread you can handle.  That's authentic.The pork products are nothing to talk about--the pulled pork is bland and the ribs can range from extraordinary (good bark, tender inside) to chewy depending on the day.  But the beef is a can't miss experience.  It's well seasoned on the outside and greasy and smoky in the middle.  The ham is also something special.  I've had better sausage, but this isn't bad.The sides...I'm sure they're adequate.  The potatoes are certainly good.  But, really, who cares?  This isn't the deep south where you go to a BBQ place expecting flavorful beans and a good Brunswick stew.  This is Texas--where your sides are just taking up valuable room in your stomach.  Room that should be filled with more meat (or possibly cobbler--which is great).There are places that have better meat in the Metroplex--David's in Arlington and Angelo's in Ft. Worth, for starters.  But you really can't complain too much about the experience here.
<review# 1109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,10/19/2011,608,438,13,13,13>This location is a mirror image of every other Costco I've been to.  The entrance is on the right and you leave on the left.  It's pretty weird especially if you've been shopping at other Costcos for a while.  All in all this location is pretty good.  It's about the same size as all the other ones and there's an optical and tire center as well.  No liquor extension unfortunately.  The staff is very friendly and will answer any questions you may have.  They just recently installed self checkout lines, but if you're using coupons, make sure to have those ready as they aren't automatically rung up like how they do in the other aisles.
<review# 1110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2011,10/18/2011,221,525,5,8,8>I was blown away by a nature preserve/park in Plano, Texas? This place is most likely listed in Men's Health and other magazines when hyping up Plano and North Dallas in General. I was shocked by the gorgeous views (even though you can see a few unsightly objects, ie. apartment complex and cell tower). The trails paved and unpaved are spectacular, creatively designed and in great shape. Plus, there is a clear stream running through the preserve where your dog and/or yourself can bath and cool off. Picnic areas are available for reservation, and the park has a medium sized playground which is shaded later in the day. This park belongs in the Hill Country, and in fact it is the closest thing to the Hill country in the North Dallas area...but hey feel free to use it until Hays County takes it back.
<review# 1111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2011,10/17/2011,132,558,4,13,8>I brought a friend here today to shoot for her very first time. Sign the waver and pay the $40 for the day kit she got. That's a gun rental, ammo, hearing and eye protection plus the day on the range. Since you get 50 rounds, thats a damn good deal. I brought my own 45 and paid $29 plus $17.99 for the range for the day... hmmm, perhaps I should have rented a gun for the day? They have two sets of ranges, a long range and a short range. It was a little warm on the range today, but hell it was over 100 outside. The crowd was diverse and interesting... felt cool to meet some folks in the booth next door. The place is large enough and has a massive selection. I'll be back on my own so I can spend longer there and put more rounds down range!
<review# 1112,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2011,10/16/2011,0,566,3,3,3>Woohoo, my 100th review, so I'll review The Ballpark in Arlington, as I went to college just a couple miles from here (UTA).Rangers are my second-favorite team, but they've been especially fun to watch in recent years. I've gone to plenty of Ranger games and it's always a good time. Best seats in my opinion are bleachers, and they're most affordable. I used to always get near the front row, but not sure if I could now as the Rangers are getting more popular.Everything else is expensive, as is common for a ballpark. But man, you can't put a price on their garlic cheese fries. So unhealthy, so simple, yet oh-so-good. Sometimes I go to the game just to have these ; - )
<review# 1113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2011,10/15/2011,129,78,1,8,4>How many ways can you say I love you to a restaurant?Last night was my third time here, once just for drinks and twice for food and bevs. The beer selection alone is amazing (4 pages in the menu, more than the food), and the monthly flights offering 5 five oz beers provide a great way to test the waters. Currently they have a Texas, USA, European, World, Chef's selection, and Hop Head. You can also ask the wait staff or bartender for recommendations, and I have never been disappointed, even as an amateur beer drinker.Last night, I just went with wine (boring, borderline blasphemous, I know), but even as the head hancho of beer, The Moth can claim thorough wine and cocktail lists. And I'll be back for flights and the basil jalapeno margarita. We were at a work dinner, and going to town on the company tab has never been so tasty. We ordered small plates for the table... which equated to enough food for a small army. We started with the hummus and olive tapenade, beefsteak tomato and mozarella salad, and moth balls, which are getting some flack in reviews, but if you like ricotta fried inside a gnocchi-like shell, smothered in cream sauce (and who doesn't?), I think they are pret-ty, pret-ty, pret-ty good!Next came the zuchinni chips, which were fine, but definitely not my favorite dish. Of course that is because veal sweetbreads are all I can think about today. Oh fried deliciousness of veal in a sweet batter with maple glazed bacon jam, you are the god of tastebuds. Luckily, we had some vegatarians so I nabbed two of these bad boys while they looked on in disgust. Works for me!One said (fair weathered) vegetarian did pounce on the shrimp and grits (w/ jalapeno gravy) like a hyena on its prey. And rightly so, the shrimp was plump and juicy and the grits were thick with butter and cheese, but not overdone. Paula Deen would have approved.We also ordered mussels. I'm not particularly a mussels fan but my senior boss asked for another loaf of bread for the broth the mussels came in, and couldn't stop talking about it, so obviously he was a fan. The shin of beef was decent too. It might have been better had I not been stuffed by that point, but I probaly won't order it again next time I visit.All in all a fantastic experience, and I'm proud to announce I created at least 4 new Moth Lovers!
<review# 1114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,10/14/2011,109,75,10,8,5>SO delish. Really.My parents invited me to dine with them this weekend, so I accepted (because I love them AND because I'm broke and could use a free meal) (I also stole toilet paper from their house). Instead of the usual Mi Cocina or Taco Diner, they wanted to try something new, so we ventured to Frankie's in Richardson. How delightful. It's a much smaller and less "hip" locale, and that's just what we we're looking for. The service was so friendly and very attentive, the margaritas are potent as can be (I got their version of the "skinny girl" marg and it was spot on), and their salsa was phenom. Best part of the meal? The sopapilla dessert. It's two scoops of vanilla ice cream that are SURROUNDED by mini-bite sopapillas. HEAVEN. People were staring at us from the noises we were making with each bite.If you're wanting mexican but just want something low-key and laid back, Frankie's Says "Relax; you've come to the right place."
<review# 1115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,10/13/2011,85,151,7,6,5>This gym is Bad A. Be forewarned, though, if you aren't one of those people that spends regular time at the gym, it's probably not worth the steep monthly fee.I've been going here sporadically since I was a kid (and it was still Premier Club) so I was skeptical of the new management, but I've fallen in love.Here's the breakdown:STAFFSuper friendly and always around when you need them.LOCKER ROOMSAlways clean. The soap rarely even gets below 7/8s full. The janitorial staff is clearly top notch and very attentive. Sauna and whirlpool are a nice touch.CAFEYum! They've got all the usual stuff (MuscleMilk, etc) plus some really delicious sandwiches and protein shakes that don't taste like protein shakes. I'd eat at the cafe even if it wasn't conveniently already in my gym!CARDIO ROOMGiant, with high ceilings and machines a-plenty. The equipment has never given me any trouble, save for when I accidentally snag the emergency plug and look like an idiot staring at the stopped treadmill in confusion.GROUP FITNESSThis is where it's at! I love barbell strength with Nina and Latin Fusion with Bobbie. You might say, "Allison, Latin Fusion is just Zumba!" No. Zumba is a series of choreographed hip movements. Latin Fusion will kick your butt (and make it look awesome). Bobbie once recorded the amount of calories she burned and it was over 700 in the hour. It's a blast. Bonus: The "fusion" part means hip-hop. Sorry, Gloria Estefan, I like to keep it gangsta.Just FYI, your membership qualifies you for discounts at random places. You get a login to the web site when you join where you can find all kinds of things. Haven't used it yet, but it's a very cool idea!All in all, Lifetime has a first-class feel to it and has turned me into a gym rat. Make me miss my classes and suffer my wrath!
<review# 1116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,10/12/2011,357,208,3,5,6>You ever have one of those places that is really hard to write a review for because you've been going there for so long and you just love it so much? No? Oh... Well then... umm... I guess it's just me.I love the DMA. Like... LOVE. It's one of those places that just relaxes me the minute I walk in. Regardless of what the current show is, their permanent collection is pretty awesome. (I love my Rothko they have... I can go stand in front of it for so long and just sink into it.) There's some great modern art, and lots in the Ancient American collection... Oh! And the kids' section is always fun! They just recently changed it around... Love it in there! So many fun little things to do.I love the building itself. I love the museum store (one of my fav things ever - museum stores). The staff is always friendly. The little cafe is a nice spot to sit and have something to drink and look at the Chihuly flowers.Love, love, love.
<review# 1117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2011,10/11/2011,1812,527,17,6,9>Oh Dearest Hotel ZaZa,Loving you is easy.  I always seem to ride in the elevator with Jessica Simpson or other fun guests.  You stay classy and seem to update your decor frequently which I dig about you because It's always fresh and youthful I love the fact that you have the keen Dallas Fortune teller Valentina and David in your Splendoriffic lounge area on most nights available for tarot card readings.  Your rooms are of a 5 star standard with fantastic bathrooms and really comfortable beds.I really cannot promote you dear ZaZa enough and I reluctantly write this review as we really wanted to keep it to ourselves it was that good.Yours Truly,Mary S.P.S. Sorry for the night when I was drunk and rolled around in the hallway with one of your big tall wooden statues.   And yes I dragged it on our room but returned it in the morning!
<review# 1118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2010,10/10/2011,249,256,6,7,5>Keller's I am sorry I have neglected you!  I added pictures in August to your listing.. and I am now getting to you.  here it is real simple:If you haven't gotten the notion that Keller's is awesome 109 reviews in you're just not going to get it. so I will make this easy for the people who over analyze everything like I do at times.Yes you eat in the car.  If you are like me you probably hate this.. but it is worth it so go for it.pull your car up to any spot.. review the menu.. turn on your lights when you are ready to order.. place your order to the kind, un-uniformed car "hops".  They may look like they can kick your ass but they are very nice so be kind..receive your delicious greasy burger attached to your window and enjoy..Tip said waitresses well and drive off satisfied and with 10 less minutes at the end of your life due to the grease now blocking your arteries.. fear not.. you would probably waste those 10 minutes watching the shore re-runs so nothing is lost.. and the burger is worth it.
<review# 1119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2011,10/9/2011,241,251,4,8,4>The pizza here is fantastic. I got the buffalo chicken and let me tell ya-the bleu cheese crumbles make it the best one I have had at any pizza place. The wife had a slice of the deluxe-and it was pretty off the chain as well. Also got to steal a bite of the veggie 2 from another person in our party(Thanks, Frances G.!)and it too was all kinds of awesome. The beer selection is really great all the way from PBR to Young Double Chocolate Stout(check out the koozies they sell to keep your 40 oz cold. Genius!).I really can't complain about the food or drinks at all-I could eat the pizza all day long. I will say future trips are, however, going to be to get it for takeout-because it was seriously hot in there! I know it probably can't ever get walk in cooler cold with place being smallish and having the pizza ovens in there, but it was really hot. Also, it took quite awhile for the wife's and my pizza to arrive. The rest of our party was almost half done before we got our plates. They brought out the wrong slice for my better half but fixed the problem quickly and we ended up with an extra slice-Bonus! All in all, it does serve some of the best pizza I have had in a very long time and I look forward to trying some more of the specialty slices in the near future!
<review# 1120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,10/8/2011,246,193,8,15,10>Its my 100th Review, Y'all!I will start by saying the Dallas Cowboys Stadium is mad fancy... I have been to Arenas, and Bowls, and Swamps, but this joint takes the cake.It is big and fancy and clean and EXPENSIVE... Aint nothing on sale here.  Jerry, obviously did not finance this thing long term, he is lookin to pay this off in a year or two.Here are my tips to be prepared.1. Save up lots of money.  2. Get some good sneakers3. Map it out4. Party in advanceFollowing these easy steps will ensure you have an awesome time and come out ahead with as few blisters as possible.* Food: A+  Yes, there are hot dogs and nachos, but there is also sushi, BBQ, cheese steaks... YUMMY!* Drinks: C- $8.50 for a Miller Lite is excessive (See tip #4)* Bathrooms: A++ Clean and no lines?  Can you ask for more?* TVs: A++++  Monitors are everywhere!  And the giant one in the middle?  Soo clear, like HD at your house!Overall, a Cowboys football game is a great time! Im really glad I got the opportunity to go - cause only the Lord knows how long it will take me to save up for another one!
<review# 1121,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2011,10/7/2011,49,24,11,12,8>I love it....LONG TIME!!!Ok so i have been going here with my ladies for at least a year now. It is an amazing way to spend a day off. First thing I would say is that you really do need to be comfortable in the nod, yer Birthday suit, the buff, nekkid! BUT I will say even if you are not GIVE IT A GO. There are ladies of all shapes & sizes here. No one stares (unless you're like me and covered in tattoos and then well, you should be used to it :-) ) and believe me it is SO liberating. I have gone with at least 5 ladies who were incredibly unsure about being naked and now they literally throw their clothes off and parade around like proud peacocks! (I  just wish they;d wait til hey were inside to do it ;-) )You have two ways of doing this. if budgets are tight then spend the $20 entrance fee and make use of their wet area, showers, pools and suanas, get dressed and head out to the sweat rooms, (salt pyramid, etc etc) each room had a sign outside which will explain the benefits of each. then you can take a nap in the air or oxygen room or go see a movie and chill in the most ridiculously oversized comfy recliners ever! (Ive seen Avatar, The Hulk and  Inception here to name but a few)ORRR you could do the full shebang and pay for a full body accupressure massage (this part is clothed and great although not for the feint of heart...I have to request medium pressure as they are really working out the stress from the muscles..no softly softly touch here my friend. You'll float out of the room)  or a body scrub (I have yet to brave this as those little ladies go to town with their scrubbers from what I hear and I am a sensitive little thing)  youre looking at between $60-80 including tip and it well worth it!!!!!! Theres also a cafe with yummy food (ok so its not 5star korean but its good! also their smoothies are delicious too!All round a wonderful place...Ive even got the hubby to go with me..he just doesnt spend anytime in the wet area..(naked male bonding just doesnt seem to have the same appeal)  but he really enjoys the rest of the place! GO! you wont regret it...hmm, but one at a time please..I dont want it to get too busy on the days Im there, Just sayin!
<review# 1122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,10/6/2011,89,87,6,10,7>Like a couple other people have mentioned, I'm not a rich lady who lunches or whatever, but I do like to get my relax on and I keep my mani/pedi schedule on lock. After an eye opening experience at another "spa" of sorts where I got rubbed down with mineral oil, much to my liver's dismay, I decided to seek out a healthy spa. My friend Emely told me about this place and I signed up for some services right away.Elaine's right- the water is AMAZING. The anti-grav chairs are amazing. I'm sure the lavender eye cover was amazing, but I was too busy chatting with my buddy to use it. The decor is amazing. They only use Aveda spa products, and Zoya natural nail polish! I can't gush enough. My technician was amazing, but I can't remember her name. Sorry :(A+++ highly recommend.
<review# 1123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,10/5/2011,266,298,3,4,3>I rarely give 5 stars, but I have such a nice time there. Be forewarned that it is tapas not plate style. I enjoy it that way because I got to try so many dishes. I think it is a great date-night place as you have to share, plus it has a romantic feel. I have been going on Thursday night for their $15 bottle of wines and sangria. Every night has a special, so check out their menu on-line. My friend likes eating in the front area where they can open it up during good weather, but I like the indoor which is more posh and makes you feel like you are fine dining (which you are just at a reasonable price). I will warn you to not over estimate the small plates they add up and you will feel stuffed. They have great deserts and the turkish coffee is a must! If I was going to knock them down a star, it would be for the poor parking. They have valet, but I hate valet, so I park in the neighborhood....just watch for signs where you can park.
<review# 1124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,10/4/2011,541,525,24,20,17>Young Squire: Hark! A fair maiden approaches...doth thou have a sonnet to share with the lords and ladies of Yelp? Me: Obviously. When I asked my mom over the holidays what she wanted she goes "I want you to take me to Medieval Times". My response "This is a joke right?" She goes "Am I laughing?" So I said, "ok Ma". It's a pricey night out, no doubt. Prolly $70 a ticket straight up and if you want to do any upgrades its anywhere from $10-$20 per ticket. We got the Royalty package, which guarantees front or second row seating. TOTES worth it. You don't have to run to get a seat...its just waiting for you. They tell you to get there early to get good seats, but the truth is is that you don't know what door your going in until they tell you. Then your 1 hr waiting was useless.  They want you there early so you have nothing to do but spend money.  And in all honesty, I don't think there is a bad seat in the house. Dath be the truth. When you arrive, you are crowned, take a nice picture (which they will come around later and try to get you to buy for $20) then proceed to the bar (drinks at least $10), the torture chamber( for $3), souvenir stand, gaze at the horses....It's a money pit. But its so fun. PHUN!  We were on the Red & Yellow Knights team. Screaming and waving our banners. He rode by on his trusty steed throwing flowers and blowing kisses. Mmmmhhmmmm. He had long luscious hair that reminded me of Brett Michaels. They do elaborate scenes and compete on events. Our knight made it to the final round and then *sigh* was met with death. Our wench (waitress) was so fun. She called everyone "M'lady" or "Fair Sir", she fed us things like "Dragon Eggs" which were the potatoes, "Dragon Scales" which was the bread....etc. Its all REALLY cheesy, but I can't stress this enough...SO FUN!!!! The food is fine, I mean when they are cooking for 500 people at one time its obvs not gonna be the best meal ever. Also, remember to bring cash so you can tip your wench. If you want a fun knight out (see what I did there?) with cheesy actors and food you can get messy with....trust that Medieval Times will fulfill all your Renaissance dreams!
<review# 1125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2010,10/3/2011,54,44,5,8,5>***Warning***I'm under the influence of an extreme amount of delicious.  While this will not fundamentally change my review, I may make up words that are both unintelligible and apt.***End Warning***So after a month of waiting, we were finally able to make it to Hypnotic Donuts.  With only one location, Hypnotic Donuts rents morning space on the weekends from The Pizza Guy.  The idea is simple.  They have food in limited quantities, freshly made, and when it runs out... well they close.  Their menu includes unique and sweet donuts, as well as savory chicken and biscuits.  That's about it.Don't go looking for signs displaying the location of Hypnotic Donuts, because you won't find any.  As mentioned above, they rent space from The Pizza Guy, so find their marque and head right in.  I think the most telling part of the experience is the huge "Hello" you receive from one of the owners.  Friendly and personable, he couldn't be more inviting as he answered any questions we had.  While this might be a "Secret Spot", they make it feel a regular neighborhood hangout.Their selection of donuts is varied and finite, and if you want to get a sneak peak of this weeks menu, just check their Facebook page.  It's usually up their by Friday night, and no later than Saturday morning.  They have their usual suspects, as well as some seasonal specials.  For our first venture, we tried the signature "Hypnotic" as well as their "Roof of the Mouth".  Being Halloween we also got a "Little Ghost", one of their seasonal donuts.I'm not a sweet breakfast person, so having donuts in the morning is a very rare occurrence.  But over the years, I've had my share of morning confectioneries, so I know my stuff.  And these donuts are the real deal.  Beyond the crazy topics, the donuts are made fresh and with quality ingredients.   Having a donut made while you wait makes them taste spectacular compared to ones that were sitting for over an hour.  There isn't that harshness to their sweetness, and it's gives a flavor more inline with fresh cake than a dry pastry.So at this point, it would be gotten four out of five star... but their is the other side of the equation.  I had to get my savory fix, and the Chicken and Biscuit was where I would get it.  Also freshly made, (and that includes frying the chicken as well) the Hypnotic Biscuits put it over the top for me.  The biscuit struggles to wrap itself around the humongous piece of chicken they use, making consumption as delicious as it is messy.  I had the "Amy Honey I Want One"... and it was everything I could ever ask for.So... GO THERE.  It's SupercallaDonutliciousGetaBiscuitocious.  Get your butt out of bed early for once on a Weekend, get in your car, and go have a real taste of Dallas.  It's worth it.  If you want a Hypnotic Biscuit, make sure to get there before 8 AM because they go fast... no matter how many more they make.  We loved it, and if this place can get my girlfriend up at 6:45 AM on a Saturday, its definitely the place to be.
<review# 1126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2010,10/2/2011,140,90,3,6,5>Of course, as soon as I move into Dallas and out of the Rock, a legitimately delicious, inexpensive Tex-Mex place starts up.  Thanks a lot. ::disgruntled eye roll::But seriously, my padres started talking this place up to me shortly after they opened a few months ago (I think?), and I was intrigued.  For the majority of the time I was a Rockwall resident, the options for "Mexican food" were limited to places like Taco Hell and On The Border aka, the land of overly salted chips and bacon flavored beans (vom).  This place fills the gap between the gringo-tastic fast food that the area is inundated with and the few uber-authentic Mexican/taqueria style locales that have cropped up recently.  It's simple and well executed comida that will leave you smiling and satisfied ::wink::This is the second location for Arboledas, the first one is out in Royse City, but I haven't eaten there so I can't speak to the quality or consistency.  However, this is definitely the best business to occupy this space, which has at various points in time been a Cici's, a Chinese place, a burger joint and generally a terrible location for any restaurant to thrive.  My fingers and toes are crossed that Arboledas breaks the trend of failure because the staff is badass and the food is fab.  I've had the brisket tacos twice now and am a huge fan.  They come in corn tortillas, obvs, with melted white cheese and a side of avocado.  There is a fantastic red sauce they serve on the side the complements the meat really well but the name escapes me at the moment.  The enchiladas verdes are also an excellent choice; the chicken is cubed and grilled instead of shredded but is flavorful and well cooked, so it doesn't make a huge difference.  One of my favorite things is the queso, which is extremely simple and light but so tasty, I would gladly smother myself in it, day-spa style.  In short, do your part to support this place and enjoy a quick and delish Tex-Mex meal in the burbs.  I'm not sure what the liquor license situation is since the last time I went, they were still in the application process, but let's be honest, if the food is good enough, you won't need an adult beverage to leave happy, though it can't hurt. :D  Tell Rene I said hi and save me a brisket taco, kthx.
<review# 1127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,10/1/2011,25,114,,5,3>I gotta give 'em 5.  I took my sweets there for his birthday (he had NEVER BEEN TO DEL FRISCOS!!!) and we did it right.  We actually went on a Sunday night around 6pm and we were the only diners in the restaurant, which was kinda cool.  Our service was fantastic, as always.  We had the crab cakes as an appetizer and they were lovely...some of the best I've had.  We also had the trio: three 4-ounce filets, each with a special sauce or flavor to them (crab/remoulade, peppercorn, and foie gras) and it was out of this world. We also had the Chateau potatoes and they were absolutely lovely.  Wine was wonderful, ambiance was fantastico, and my picky sweetie was actually impressed. I would say the only drawback to our evening was that we requested a quiet table, which we got at first, but as diners started trickling in, they sat EVERY TABLE right next to us, despite the completely empty restaurant.  A bit disappointing, but it was a delicious experience, nonetheless.  Mission accomplished, highly recommend.
<review# 1128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,9/30/2011,165,290,3,10,5>i LOVE this place. And so does Bruno! Here is why Downtown Dog is awesome:(1) Massive play area with regimented play/sleep schedule: 10,000 square feet outside and 5,000 square feet inside. There are multiple play areas and each group of dogs (based on size and tempermant) are rotated throughout each of them during the day. Nap time is from 12-1:30, so cute!(2) Affordable. Only $12/day for daycare! The cheapest outdoor daycare I've been able to find. Never tried it, but I think it's an additional $10 for overnight.(3) Friendly staff. The first time I went to DTD, they called me mid-day to let me know how Bruno had been playing with the other dogs. They love your dog as much as you do. :)(4) Grooming. For an extra $20, they'll bathe your pup before your scheduled pick up time so that he/she will be all fresh for your arrival. The only thing I would suggest is video cameras to be installed so you can watch your dog play. The best part of DTD is that Bruno always comes home exhausted and passes out early [see picture].
<review# 1129,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2010,9/29/2011,37,39,8,9,4>To the previous reviews, I will add only this little observation:SSB HATES BBQ.  I was ready to accept that I would have to indulge my cravings only when out of town, because he surely wouldn't ever be going to eat it with me.EXCEPT!  Of all the places in the whole, wide world, this is the ONLY ONE he will go to, because they have such delicious smoked meats, and- this is key for him- they are NOT pre-drenched in sauce.  You can add it as you like it, and that right there, y'all?  That's some good stuff.I often find that BBQ places SMELL divine, but the food is just mediocre when you boil it down.  Not so here.  Cheap, YUM, I'm sold.  Left here with a full belly, brisket in my teefs, and thinking it was TOTALLY worth the trip.
<review# 1130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2010,9/28/2011,160,643,8,7,6>I am Lithuanian and Lithuanian girls get cursed with unwanted facial hair at age 30. (but other than that we age beautifully in a thick, curvy kinda way, no crow's feet for years)I have hyper senstive skin. I have to use organic soap from Whole Foods. I use sunscreen all the time. I have to use baby laundry detergent. Waxing off facial hair with skin like mine sucks. And the last three times I got waxed, I got burned on some spot of my face.I decided to try threading. Threading on the eyebrows is pretty easy. Threading on the chin? Its weird you have to yank your face taut while they do the removal but its not bad. Threading on the lip? OW. Its really hard to hold your lips taut while they rip all the little suckers out. Overall, two hours after threading, all redness and swelling was gone. I had no burns. I had only like two strays that they missed that I snagged with the tweezers. I would definitely return. Its less harm on the face.Also the staff was friendly and I didn't feel stupid for being a hairy monster.No more waxing ever, its threading for me.Post Threading Report: The hair is coming in finer and there seems to be less of it. This threading stuff is awesome.
<review# 1131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2010,9/27/2011,167,230,4,7,5>If you're a dude and you like to look at sexy waitresses in tiny plaid skirts - you need to hit this place up.We went on a Friday night and like Todd E. indicated, this place is packed like sardines. We were lucky to get a table along the wall, but they are seriously close. \I know our 'neighbors' were worried my caboose would knock over their beer. Anyhow, we ordered the cheese plate and I must stay that puppy breath and angel wings have nothing on this appetizer. It's HUGE and is served on a lazy susan -which can be a little dangerous if you come with us. I had the fish and chips and the fish was two huge servings of cod and a bed of fries. The fish was as big as my calves. No joke.My boyfriend got the Shepherd's Pie. He's had this all over town and this wasn't anything spectacular.We ordered the beer special - an Oktoberfest of some sort. My next beer was a pear ale - bleh, not my thing. I should've stuck with a Smitty's.Oh, Holly was a great waitress. With it being so busy, she was attentive as she could be. I love this place!
<review# 1132,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2010,9/26/2011,41,61,3,4,6>When we got there, the parking lot was full. We literally had to park in the lot of an adjoining business.  I drive past this restaurant on a regular basis and I have never seen the parking lot full. Walking into the restaurant, I discovered the reason. Big Screen TVs and Soccer. The place was full of men, discretely drinking a beverage from green bottles (presumed to be beer, but the presumption was not confirmed). It was noisy. The noise level escalated through the end of the soccer game and the beginning of the US version of football (Cowboys vs The Packers). It was very, very noisy. The food.....having read the reviews, I was prepared for the very short menu. There are only 5 or 6 things on the menu. I ordered the veggie sampler. My companion ordered the lamb. The two were served together on a common platter. We ate until our eyes crossed. Really good food. There was a cold beet and potato salad that was very interesting. One of the vegetable selections were fresh tomatoes, dressed in lemon and perhaps cumin (perhaps not...). We had planned to go to a movie, but the service was so slow that the meal went beyond show time for the movie.  By that point, we were enjoying the food so much that we agreed that the movie just wasn't anywhere near as entertaining as what we had in front of us.I'll go back. Sooner rather than later.....
<review# 1133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2011,9/25/2011,43,52,5,5,5>There's nothing like revisiting a favorite restaurant after a number of years, only to find it exactly as you left it. A while back a friend asked for a North Dallas taco suggestion, and a little strip mall joint that I'd been to during my college days came to mind. Naturally, and especially after promoting it, I had to go back and make sure I hadn't just sent someone into a butt-sick trap (get over yourself, you know what I mean). Which is how I found myself sitting at El Fatfish stuffing my face with chips and salsa at 9o'clock the other night.Fatfish was just where I remembered it to be, in the same parking lot as the old Bill's Records, but I have to admit that I didn't recall all the cheesy nautical nicnacks hanging on the wall. If you don't happen to notice the "Mexican Seafood" sign hanging over the door as you walk in, the decor is a dead giveaway.The menu is filled with seafood, traditional Mexican dishes, brunch items (don't get me started on my plans for future Sundays) and of course, tacos. I ordered myself a couple of barbacoa and pastors, at $1 each by the way, and "A" had some fajita and pastor tacos. When our plates came, we swapped one of our fajita and barbacoa tacos with each other (in the interest of fairness), and I gave my plate a healthy dose of the spicy, smokey chipotle sauce our waitress brought to the table.All of the tacos came on single corn tortillas, which I thought might be an issue, but ended up holding their contents in quite well. The pastor tacos were good, with grilled onions mixed in under the fresh onion and cilantro on top. They weren't necessarily the best I'd ever had, but they got the job done. The fajita taco was very tasty, also cooked with grilled onions, with a very nice marinade and cooked to perfection. The real star of the night, however, was the barbaco meat -- literally mouthwatering. With just a touch of sweetness, it was cooked to perfection and contained not even the slightest hint of fat or gristle. It was, in a word, outstanding.Fatfish stays open until 10:00 pm every night except Monday, when they're closed all day, so it makes a great spot to hit before going out to the bars or after a long study session at UTD. They also take cash OR credit cards, so you won't have to worry about getting mugged at the bank before you get your taco fill. Moral of the story is this: If you ever find yourself stuck in North Dallas or Richardson, stop by Fatfish for some tacos. You won't be disappointed.
<review# 1134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,9/24/2011,203,237,4,12,8>It's not really a buffet, but you get so much food it might was well be. The portions are HUGE!  Man vs. Food should come here.  I got the 3-meat BBQ combo and it lasted me 3 meals.  It comes with 3 gigantic sides and corn bread muffins.  I swear my tray weighed as much as a newborn.  Cost: ~$18.  Did I mention free vanilla soft serve for dessert!  BBQ: The brisket was moist and tender - definitely above average.  The ribs were deliciously smokey but the hot links were just okay for me.  I thought the meat grind was too fine (similar to a hot dog) and the flavor was too mild.  The smoked turkey looked amazing, but that wasn't an option for the combo I got.Sides: There are so many to choose from.  The server was nice enough to let me try a couple when I couldn't decide.  The mac & cheese and rice & broccoli are both good choices and come with a thick layer of cheddar melted on top.  The collard greens have big chunks of pork belly in them are some of the best I've had.  I didn't care for the corn; the artifically-orange, overly-thickened sauce completely overpowered the poor kernels of corn.  However, the cornbread was superb; it had a crispy crust and light texture.If you're hungry and I mean really hungry for soul food, SGB's is where you wanna be.
<review# 1135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,9/23/2011,160,285,9,9,9>Another 5 star review.I had a small sampling of the bulgolgi hogi at a Yelp event.  I came to their restaurant the very next day...THE BEST: Deji Hogi.  It's their fusion korean pork sandwich that is delicious.  Freaking delicious.  FREAKING delicious.  I usually don't eat chunks of fat in anything, but the meat was seasoned so well, I said !#$% it and gobbled it down with great voracity. HONORABLE MENTION:Bulgolgi Hogi.  Not as good as the deji, but still bomb.  My first bite into this sandwich squirted warm beef juice all over my face.  Oh baby oh baby...The fries are pretty good, to boot.You gotta try this place once to form your own opinion,  Keep in mind, I am getting the itis as I type this for another deji hogi.  !#$%!!!
<review# 1136,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2010,9/22/2011,150,120,5,7,7>The pictures on yelp alone made me force my friends out to Irving for dinner on our girl's night out.  I picked my pizza while web-surfing before dinner...but changed my mind three times before I made my real order in person. Everything on the menu just screams "delicious", and I really couldn't find a combination that didn't sound brilliant.  Fine- I like heat, so I finally chose the Diavoli (sp?), which has peppers, jalapenos and spicy pepperoni.  And the fatkid in me chose the Smore's for dessert, which is chocolate, graham cracker and marshmallows.After ordering you grab your drink and have a sit.  Panera style they give you a number and bring your 'za out to you when it's ready.  In the meantime they recommend you start with a house salad, which has a nice dressing, and is just enough to keep you entertained while you wait on your pizza.Then the pizza comes out....  ...O.M.G.As everyone has already said, the crust is so thin and slightly burnt that it is the crust for which all other crusts will be measured.  My crust was very floury though, I was covered in white stuff by the time I finished (twss)I agree with another poster that their sauce could be a bit more flavorful....but I forgot all about that while I was scarfing down jalapeno after pepper after jalapeno.  Hell, I finished my pizza off as well as some slices of my friends' margerhita (sp?!) and four cheese (guess they haven't practiced competitive eating stomach stretches like I clearly have).Oh..and after that glorious gluttonous spectacle, the frackin smores' pizza came out! Yes, I ate more.  Because it was good.  Fuck off.It didn't taste very smore-like, but it was pretty awesome nonetheless.  The chocolate oozed out from under the crust like the most beautiful money shot you've ever seen.I will be back.
<review# 1137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2011,9/21/2011,443,598,4,9,7>I heard from one of my friends that The Ranch had chicken and waffles, so me and the gf had to come check it out. Upon arrival I should of guessed with the name "The Ranch" that it was gonna be a little country, but not too country for this A-Z-N. The servers in their shirts reminded me of the guys that work at Tillman's, kind of vaquero-ish. There was live music in their "Porch" area, but we opted for more of an intimate setting in their dining area. We got here right as happy hour ended, but by the time we left near closing time their Porch and bar areas were still happen'n.To start off, they have a pretty tempting drink menu filled with froo froo drinks, wine, and some awesome Texas beers. Shiner and St. Arnold's are always mmmmmtastic in my book!Since we came for the chicken and waffles that were classified as appetizers here, we decided to just feast on a few appetizers as we went along through the night instead of getting full on just one heavy dish. In addition to our C&Ws we also got their ginormous onion rings that came with a very tasty buttermilk ranch and a mild chipotle ketchup that one shouldn't sweat over. The C&Ws tasted pretty decent and arranged so simply. The chicken tenders that were topped off with gravy looked and tasted like nothing really special, but the tenders came with thin waffles on a drizzle of maple glaze had a healthy scoop of sweet potatoes that made the whole C&Ws experience a little different from the rest.After we finished those appetizers we tried some of their Margherita flatbread that seemed to be overall really light. We really loved the combination of cilantro pesto, goat cheese, smoked mozzerella, tomatoes, and spiced pecans; it just works. We loved the spiced pecans so much that after we finished the flatbread we ordered a side of the pecans to snack on while we finished our beers. Spiced pecans are the new beer-nuts!They get bonus points for having a locally sourced menu!
<review# 1138,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2011,9/20/2011,236,423,4,14,7>Ziyaafat is essentially Pakistani food (the Moghul empire once ruled most of India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan - the Taj Mahal, etc. are from that era), which is mostly the same as northern Indian food, except with more beef. It packs a spicy punch and is filled with curries. The Ziyaafat lunch buffet was fairly simple. There were two sides, three curries (the tilapia was a pleasant surprise) and chicken tikka. There's plain white rice and chicken biriyani, naan, and two desserts. Everything was tasty, spicy, and pretty much what I've experienced before at Pakistani restaurants. The buffet varies day to day, so you never know what you'll get. On another day I found kari, mutton curry and spinach curry, rice pudding with cardamon for dessert... Service was excellent, the restaurant is pleasant and spacious, and the half-price buffet essentially was lunch for $5. However, when that deal ends (tomorrow), I'd say $9 is steep for a simple buffet. Also, if you're sensitive to spice, you might have an issue here!So, I may have to edit this review later since it's based on a half-price buffet and they're newly opened.
<review# 1139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,9/19/2011,33,63,2,11,5>One of the best dive bars I've been to!  The prices are great and there's karaoke on Fridays and Saturdays!  And the karaoke singers are actually quite impressive.  American Idol could use this place to scope out talent for their next season.   I first went here for New Year's Eve 2009 and was quite impressed when at midnight they brought around champagne and wheeled out a serve yourself cart of eggs, bacon, biscuits and gravy, cabbage, black eye peas, and cornbread for us to enjoy after midnight!  Over the years, the number of people who have discovered The Endzone has increased.  I was there about 2 weeks ago and the bar was the fullest many of the "regulars" have seen since they started going there.  The bartenders are nice and very attentive.  So if you're looking for that bar "where everyone knows your name" in Plano be sure to check out The Endzone!
<review# 1140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,9/18/2011,269,186,10,25,7>I joined this gym a month ago and I'm really impressed with everything they offer. I don't know what the space looked like when it was 24Hr fitness but I like what I see now. All the equipment is new and the cardio machines have t.v.s and iPod connections. I don't recommend plugging your earphones directly into the machines because the sound isn't great. One of the reason's I joined was for the kids club but it's only 3 days a week, (mon,wed,sat) and that doesn't give a stay at home mom-or single mom much of a chance to get fit. I don't know about others but I need about 5-6 days in the gym per week before I start seeing or feeling any big changes so it would be nice if they increase the days/hours. The staff has been nothing but friendly and accomodating to me and my guests since I joined which is really important. I like that I can bring anyone I want thur-sun. I went to the 24hr fitness sport because my MIL got me a 7 day pass and though some of the amenities are nicer, I can't help but feel intimidated and uncomfortable. I'm happy with this gym because it's never crowded and I feel totally at ease. No douche bags here.
<review# 1141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2011,9/17/2011,199,275,4,6,7>Maybe it was the band I saw but this venue is easily my favorite spot in Dallas to catch live music. I love the Granada for it's location, artists that come by but damn, they can't beat the view of the Dallas skyline that the Loft has.The place is small and you really can get right up next to the band you're there to see. I've been to shows at the Palladium but even though they're in the same buillding, they're not even the same.Parking is cheap, getting there isn't my favorite, and the neighborhood around is kind of shady but the Loft is worth it. You almost feel like you're at some underground show, climbing stairs to get to where you gotta go, and flashing your tickets to some random guy. Prices are Dallas average at the bar but it's gonna be like that everywhere.People are complaning about the bowed floor but it kind of adds to the charm and you really get up in the grill of the artist and can really enjoy the music. Awesome.
<review# 1142,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,9/15/2011,213,499,8,14,6>I'm still in the process of trying out new items at My Fit Foods but I think I've been there enough times now to review it.  It's a great service in that you can go on their website and place an order for pickup or delivery, but if you don't plan ahead quite that much, they always have a large assortment of items in-store that you can pick up whenever.  Obviously they might not have specific items when you go in if you don't order ahead but I've always found they have enough variety that it doesn't make a difference to me.A few items worth mentioning: * Everything is portioned out for you, and shows nutritional information and heating instructions on the package (more detailed nutritional info is on their website)* The meals are very healthy and they strive to make it still taste good.  They have breakfast foods, and there are two categories of food for the rest of your day: healthy or low carb.  They recommend the low carb dishes for dinner time but obviously it's up to you whichever you want to buy.  They've also got snack foods--the chicken and fruit ones are so basic that you could easily make them at home but let's face it, that's why you're in here, because you don't :)  * Most dishes come in small, medium, or large.  Usually a small is enough for me and a medium enough for my husband but it really depends what you get.* Yes it gets expensive but if you do think you'll be buying a significant amount of food from here they have discount programs if you buy a prepaid card ($500, $1000, etc...and they might be good for a whole year or more, I'm not positive)* Best dishes I've had so far: Killuh Chili!!! OMG, I have been eating that for like a week now.  It's dang good.  Also the lemon ground turkey is great, and hubby likes the ninja and regular beef tenderloins.  * Worst dish: some apple patty pastry type thing.  Oh lord, that was terrible.  * There are some new online items I've yet to see in the store...like chicken tikka masala!!! I really hope that's good because I miss Indian food on my new diet! (EDIT: I tried it and it's too spicy for me, boo)* Last but not least the staff has always been pretty great--the other day I went in unknowingly over 30 minutes past closing time and they still let me buy food!!  Now that's service :)
<review# 1143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2010,9/14/2011,686,887,9,7,6>This place is nicer than usual vietnamese restaurant but don't expect service to be any different. Asians will always be Asians....Mom and I came here for christmas lunch and I always get confused walking to a vietnamese restaurant because I dont know wether or not to sit myself. My mom told me to wait so we did...waited for ten minutes while six wait staffs passed by without acknowledging us! finally I got frustrated so I said can we get a table to one of the guys...I said it kind of rude but who cares? we were going to stand there for awhile if I didnt speak up. Get things done in life! So we finally get a table and literally ONE minute later he comes by to take our order! I've never been here before but I heard about their catfish. So my mom ordered that and I looked at the menu and saw the chicken and rice looking good so I got that. Mom and I shared the fish because it was huge but it took forever to cook. We ate the chicken and rice for an appetizer because waiting is not in my dictionary when I'm hungry. lol! The fish comes in three different sizes (medium, large and xlarge) They tell you a medium fit for two people but honestly that thing was so big, it could have fed four!
<review# 1144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2011,9/13/2011,132,160,5,9,7>Last week while I was driving down Harry Hines, I noticed a guy holding a Rusty Taco now open sign. We had heard good things about other Rusty Taco locations, so my friends and I decided to try it for lunch that day.The feel of Rusty Taco is laidback and friendly. They have done a great job keeping the restaurant simple -- cement floors, simple folding tables, and ceiling fans. I cannot over emphasize how nice and friendly everyone is at Rusty Taco! This includes the cashier who took my order and the multiple staff members who inquired how we were doing throughout and after our meal. After our dishes were cleared away, one of the staff members offered a free appetizer on the house since they had just opened and we were just hanging out and talking. Wow!!You'll be pleasantly surprised that the tacos are only $2 or $2.50 -- similarly priced to a hole-in-the-wall taco stand. The tacos aren't too small. Three tacos is about right for a meal for most guys. Two if you're a small girl and four if you are starvin' marvin. There are also three levels of hot sauces that come in bottles at the tables. All great! My favorite tacos here so far are:BBQ BrisketFried ChickenGreat prices. Delicious food. Superb staff. I cannot wait to come back!!
<review# 1145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2010,9/12/2011,259,574,2,8,7>I love it when I have high expectations and they are met. I love Kenny's Wood Fire Grill and I really like the burger joint and I'm a fan of Italian food so I was really hoping when Kenny opened an Italian place that I would really like it... and I DO!! They don't officially open until Thursday, but I was driving by today and I saw people eating inside so I thought I would give it a shot. Sure enough they were having a "soft opening" and they showed me right to a table. Service was great. My server was amazing. Super friendly, really informative and really excited to be there. The managers (there were a few of them lingering about) were also really nice and very interested in feedback on how everything was going during this "trial run" for their opening on Thursday. Everyone that came to my table was really nice. The food was really good. The menu is pretty simple and there's quite a bit of "red sauce" items on the menu, but as far as I can what they do they do really well. This is similar to their other restaurants - their menus tend to be one page - as opposed to some other places around that have huge menus. Here's the things I tried: Garlic bread with cheese - Crunchy, Warm, Cheesy, Gooey, Garlicky. Everything you'd want it to be. Tomato & Buratta Mozzarella Salad - Cold and refreshing with just enough pesto, balsamic and olive oil to keep it interesting. Chicken Parmigiana - Oh my. So So SO good. I can't recall the last time chicken parm made my eyes roll back in my head (yeah it was that good), but this did. I subbed out the red sauce on my spaghetti for an Alfredo sauce and it was fantastic. So bad for me but so worth it. Cannoli - How could I resist? As you can guess - it was awesome. Crunchy shell, just sweet enough on the inside. Loved it. I can't wait to go back and try some of their other offerings (eggplant parmigiana, gnocchi, chicken marsala and mushroom ravioli I've got my eye on you!). Go now (well starting Thursday) and thank me later :)
<review# 1146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2011,9/11/2011,290,376,7,13,8>A strong 3.5,  rolling up to a 4.Drive through service - 5Friendly welcome - 5Food - 3.5Been anxiously awaiting this spot (founded by the Aw Shucks folks) to open just down the street from my kitchen.  Today is THE DAY, their first day to offer these pretty darn good crepes!Rolled into the drive through around 0900 and ordered their Gulf Coast crepe with Shrimp, Crab, etc; however, at this time, lunch items are not available until 1000.  So scrolled down the large menu listing the breakfast items and chose the Laredo.Upon driving to the window, greeted by Byron,  a cheery guy in a white chef's jacket, welcoming me to FOC.  A second friendly chef dressed young man also stuck his head out the window, thanking me for stopping by,  and told me that in the near future all items on the menu would be available at any time, but for now, lunch items are offered beginning  @ 1000.       ME - "No problem, Sir, I'll be back I am sure."Arriving home, took my lovely packaged crepe out of the container, and WOW; this is the fattest, plumpest, hugest crepe I've ever seen.  It's rolled up tight like a Burrito, making it easy to hold if eating on the run in the car.The crepe itself:Light, tender, soft, with just a hint of sweetness.  The ends of the crepe that were tucked in were a little too crispy, but not off putting.  I liked very much!The filling:The Laredo includes potatoes, roasted  peppers, egg & cheddar cheese.  The tasty filling was most generous; it was a LOT of food for my appetite.  I could only finish half of this monster crepe. Yep, I enjoyed it 'tho I am not much of a "breakfast" foodie.  It was good.The accompanying sauce was interesting; it's a dark brown color, like  chocolate; perhaps a Mole sauce?  But, oh boy, it had one heck of a kick on the back of the tongue.  A little too much for my wimpy palate, but real heat lovers will probably shout out a loud HURRAH!Nice menu of savory, sweet, & breakfast crepes and hot and cold drinks.  Very reasonable prices; my breakfast feast today, $4.11.  What a deal!  Several other crepes (mmm, a Nutella crepe sounds mighty appealing for a real sugar high!) are calling my name so I am anxious to give them a try. flippinoutcrepes.comTIP - I live 5 minutes away, so my crepe was still warm when I plated it at home.  If not close by, one might have to wrap this fat morsel in some foil and heat it in the oven for a few minutes.Potential Return Factor - a very strong "10"
<review# 1147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,9/10/2011,66,80,5,6,6>Since vowing to only eat beef once a month, Kenny's Burger Joint was one of my top picks for the cheat day in February.  I basically drooled over the pictures and read and re-read all of the reviews up until the day I finally had the burger in front of me.Before the burger landed in front of me though, I feasted on loaded cheese fries, bacon wrapped jalapenos, and onion rings.  The lightly battered fries had a ton of cheese on them with some bacon and jalapenos to the side of it.  Bacon wrapped jalapenos were just that with some cheese stuffed inside.  The onion rings were ginormous and lightly battered which I like.  Overall they were all pretty good although I've also had better.  As for the burger, I ordered the bacon and eggs burger - medium rare.  It was definitely a good burger but I felt that the meat patty itself lacked some flavor.The service was outstanding.  We came here for a birthday gathering and had dropped off a cake earlier in the day.  The server brought out the cake when the meal was over and also some clean plates and forks.  The server said that he didn't sing but didn't mind that we sung to the birthday girl.  After we had the cake, the manager (I'm assuming) came over to ask how everything was going and presented the birthday girl with a $10 gift certificate which was so thoughtful.
<review# 1148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2011,9/9/2011,325,161,7,8,10>Don Draper, your Old Fashion is ready.Cedars Social seems ripped from the set of Mad Men, classic furniture and just enough light to make anyone look and feel at home. The over sized light bulbs complete with huge filaments were so cool I found myself drawn like a moth. There are just so many things to look at. If you have a small group try to get the library space with a arched brick ceiling, the perfect spot to chill.The bar area is full of herbs, spices and fruit, that you would expect to find in a kitchen rather than a bar, but this is not some dive bar. The bartender is more of an alchemist.  They mix up vintage drinks like Don Draper's famous go to drink, the "Old Fashion". Which is what I ordered. Correction, this drink was not mixed. It was hand-crafted, much like a work of art. The sugar was artfully dissolved in bitters. A huge piece of ice was used so not to dilute the Whiskey. Lastly, the orange I saw them peel right in front of me was carefully twisted over the glass to obtain the zest. I could not chug a drink like this, one because it was really strong, but secondly because it would have been a sin to not enjoy each sip.  Outside the patio holds and impressive view of downtown as well as The Palladium across the street. It's proximity to The Palladium makes this my guaranteed stop both pre and post concert. "Remember Don ... when God closes a door, he opens a dress."
<review# 1149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2010,9/8/2011,188,317,14,9,9>My 2010 visit to the State Fair is done.  I've been so many times over the years that I have it down to a routine:1. Get mad about parking before finding a spot.2. Enter park and head towards the Fletcher's Corny Dog stand for my first food item.3. Walk through the auto show buildings.  Get annoyed by the kids who get in my way while looking at cars.4. Walk into the exhibition halls and not buy anything.  Stop at the Vitamix booth for a sample.  No, I'm not going to buy one.5. Walk to the Midway and avoid eye contact with the carnies who want me to play their rigged games.  Nope, not going to do it.6. Walk by the Ferris wheel and decide the line is too long to actually ride it.7. Find and sample all the featured food items listed in the fair program.8. Check out the animals in the livestock area.9. See the butter sculpture exhibit.  This year was TX-OU football players.10. Try to use up whatever food tickets I have left over at the end of the day on drinks or cotton candy.I have to say I was a bit disappointed with this year's food offerings.  The fried beer was gross.  It's basically a bread ravioli stuffed with warm beer.  The sales person said I could add cheese, but that didn't really help.  The fried Frito pie was good, but they didn't give you a lot.  The fried chocolate was a fried brownie.  Good but nothing special.  I did get a fried PB&J which was awesome.  As always, the Fletcher's Corny Dogs are the best thing at the fair.I went to the fair on the 2nd to last day.  There were so many people.  Is it me or have people's strollers gotten bigger and bigger?  Regardless of the things that might be a pain, I do like going to the fair at least once per year.  It's a tradition that I'll keep doing for years to come.
<review# 1150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2010,9/7/2011,193,345,6,14,9>Um, what? How has this place been around "a few years" and no one knows about it?? Thank God for yelp, I can't imagine life without knowing about cupcake martinis and cotton candy mojitos.  Seriously a cool place, that reminds me of something you'd find in NY or LA - a small space, very cool but not overdone.  GREAT place to come for after dinner drinks or pre party for girls' night!  The menu is pages and pages of specialty cocktails, champagne galore! The guy who owns it knows a lot about cocktail making, and says he changes the menu every season, so you can always try something new.  He makes the cocktails tableside, with unique ingredients (yes, REAL cotton candy!!) so it's kinda fun to try several different things.  Just be careful, just because they are pretty, doesn't mean they are "girly" drinks.  Those martinis can put you on your ass if you're not careful!  Nothing like tasting bits of real cake in your martini, and licking the whipped cream off the top, right before you hit the floor! :) Can't wait to go back, and have been telling all my friends, again - how does NO ONE know about this place??PS I will warn you, along with being tasty, the drinks are expensive (but totally worth it) so expect to pay $12-15 per drink - also, they only have one bathroom, that's unisex, that also opens up right to the bar - so be sure to lock the door!!
<review# 1151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,9/6/2011,462,279,12,13,9>When Zoe's Kitchen hit the Plano scene, I checked their online menu and immediately poopoo-ed it.  Everything sounded too light, too healthy and too boring.  I like my Greek fat with flavor and calories, I thought.Fast forward to the Elite event a couple of months ago where I got a chance to sample Zoe's fare and be wowed by the friendliness of the employees.  Not only was I impressed enough to go back for lunch today, Zoe's may have just zoomed to the top of my lunch rotation.Zoe's chicken salad is a thing of beauty.  Traditional chicken salad is usually loaded with mayo and its flavor relies heavily on added ingredients that add to the calorie count.  Zoe's chicken salad is so simple that you might think it would be boring.  Oh, how wrong you'd be.  Made with all white meat and just enough mayo to hold it together, it has a flavor that can only come from being sprinkled with fairy dust.  It's served on 7-grain bread with shredded lettuce and tomato.  Pure greatness.Thank goodness I listened to the other reviews that told me to get the slaw.  Imagine what would happen if a traditional BBQ potluck coleslaw married a Greek salad and had babies.  Those babies would be made up of fresh and crunchy cabbage, green onions and feta cheese tossed in oil and vinegar (no mayo whatsoever).  Light, zesty, crunchy Greek greatness.The best thing about this lunch is that for $10 (I splurged and got the $2 sport cup for my tea - I'm a sucker for a sport cup) I'm completely stuffed but don't feel like I'm about to explode with lunchtime heaviness.  I have no idea how many calories my lunch had but I gurandamntee I got off pretty easy.  If the rest of the menu is as good as today's lunch, I just found a great compromise between my penchant for cheeseburgers and my desire to still fit through doors.  For real.
<review# 1152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,9/5/2011,226,292,10,7,8>If there was an award for 'The best place to get a hot dog, bowl of spaghetti, homemade chocolate and pickles and a glass of scotch all while shopping for some toys and watching Fox News between glances at the small child licking the window,' - Cafe Neuhaus would get my vote.Shanna L and I went here for lunch a while back and while Neuhaus is clearly going through some sort of crazy menopausal/mid-life crisis identity issues, it works in their favor.The menu reads like a 'Hall of Nations' tasting menu with everything from NY style pastrami to omelets to chips and salsa to hot dogs to pasta to PB&J to. . .well, you get the point. And it doesn't stop at the food - the drink items range from Arnold Palmers and root beer floats to espressos to juice to beer, wine and liquor. And just when you think it couldn't get any more random, you can also buy sweet treats from the counter or buy some toys for the kids.Suffering from a decision freeze after scanning the menu for 30 minutes, I opted for the California Turkey Club on wheat bread and a side of homemade chips. I also had the option of subbing in turkey bacon. It wasn't a mind-blowing sandwich by any stretch, but it was very well prepared. Fresh lettuce and tomato, an even spread of mustard, fresh avocado, crispy bacon and fair distribution of turkey. . .tasty! The homemade chips were slightly thick but super crispy - just the way I like 'em (TWSS?). Yes, we did get a great deal of amusement from a small child licking the glass while his mom had a mid-day cocktail and yes, I definitely plan on making a return trip.
<review# 1153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/31/2010,9/4/2011,610,180,6,9,6>Let me preface this review by telling you I am NOT a wings lover.  The thought of tiny fried chicken wingd with all this fat underneath the friedness with little meat definitely turns me off.  Unfortunately for me, wings are the bf's favorite food so being the sweet gf that I am, I do make the occasional sacrifice to make the boy happy.  Let me also preface this review that I will compare every wings place with Pluckers.  I went to school in Austin where Pluckers originated and it was awesome that I could go off campus and use my Bevo Bucks (my loaded meal card for you non Longhorns!!).  A friend of ours found this place bc he was tired of driving an hour from the boonies to satisfy his love of fried wings.  He went on a Monday when they have all-you-can-eat for $11.99!  Woo hoo!  Already beats Pluckers who charges $14.99 for the same deal.  So we decided to join him the following Monday!We walk in and the place is brightly colored with its orange, yellow, and red walls.  The atmosphere is laid back and it was nice they had a couple of tv's with sports on.  We walk up to the counter to place our order.  I guess we didn't look like we knew what we wanted to so the guy behind the counter is running food to the customers sitting at their tables.  Hmm.. well I make the observation there's only him on the main floor and 2 guys in the back making the wings.  That's okay - they're new so they're keeping costs down with minimal employees!Of course the bf goes with all-you-can-eat deal which starts you off with 15 wings with 3 flavors.  He chooses garlic parmesan, ranch, and lemon pepper.  I opted for something somewhat healthy and ordered the 5 wings with Raspberry Chipotle and 2 grilled tenders with Sweet Thai Chili.  It also came with a side so I chose the sweet potato fries.  They also serve beer but we decided to be good tonight.  There's one big table of 8 behind us with maybe 4 other smaller tables.  Our food did take some time.  Angry Michelle didn't come out because I wasn't too hungry thank goodness but I did wonder a little.  They did only have 3 people working here with 2 in the kitchen.  When the food came out, I realized why!  They neatly lay out their chicken wings in rows and columns.  It was nice but I'm telling everyone I don't think they can do this when they're busy or they'll be so behind!The wings are huge... much bigger than what I'm used to.  After the first bite of my wings, I'm actually very impressed.  The skin was crispy and there was soooo much meat!  I swear I saw minimal fat if none at all!  The sauce was quite tasty.  I love "wet wings" with a bunch of sauce on it.  This is exactly what I got and the skin stayed crispy!  I really enjoyed it!  So now on to the tenders which were pretty tender.  The sauce was so good I was trying to scoop up as much as possible with my tender!  Good job Sauced!  Everything else was tasty too including the sweet potato fries and onion rings.  The boys ordered another round and ended up eating 10 more to total 25 each.  The bf did say they have more unique flavors here but Plucker's Lemon Pepper seasoning is much better.  Our friend loves the 1st Degree because of the tanginess with a hint of hotness.The bf and friend are glad they can finally drive just 10 minutes to a wings place.  The friend's wife and I are just happy they're happy.  (awwww!!)Why no 5 stars?  No fried pickle SPEARS!  They do have fried pickles but they're chips which are bleh to me.  Yes I know, I'm a tough cookie.
<review# 1154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,9/3/2011,207,393,3,8,6>Mex&Co is not a fluke: She is consistently very good. [Note: This is an update to my original review, so PLEASE read that one too]. We went back for the second week in a row, and I plan on coming back. This time we did BYOB. There is a 7-11 at the southwest corner of 75 and Beltline, so within just a few hundred feet you can pick up some beer. A table of diners that was in there when we were brought a thermos of margaritas. Brilliant! We started with the choriqueso. To me, being more familiar with TexMex, thought it would be Chorizo mixed with Queso, served with chips. Instead, it is four tortillas (two corn, two flour), with shredded and melted white cheese and generous Chorizo. Her Chorizo sausage isn't too spicy, heavily seasoned, or too greasy, but it does have just the right amount of orange sheen to it, which is what gives Chorizo a smooth texture that I love. She very lightly grills the flour tortilla and warms the corn in hot oil. The assembly of these dishes is very time consuming, but you get a slight crisp on the flour tortilla, and a smooth, creamy texture with the corn tortilla ($5). Next, we had the chicken enchiladas verdes, which were fantastic. Three corn tortillas, stuffed with chicken, doused in salsa verdes and a nice drizzle of sour cream ($8). Some place's enchiladas are pre-assembled, and the tortillas become sticky and gummy and they're drenched in cheese. These were fresh-prepped so the texture of the tortilla came through, and the tops them with a dried, grated Mexican cheese that looks like parmesan (but tastes better, not as salty). I had the gorditas, a sort of stuffed pasty  - three different kinds on one plate: Chicharrons, Queso con Rojas (cheese and poblano-type peper), and Nopalitos (prepared pads of the prickly pear cactus, sautéed with and onions). I've never had Rojas or Nopalitos, so I have nothing to compare them to. But since I love everything I've eaten at Mex&Co, I'm confident that these three gorditas taste the way authentic gorditas should. We finished with the cheesecake. Last time we had the lemon pie (more like Key Lime pie), and as good as that was, I like to try different things. The cheesecake was not as sweet as I was expecting. It was still good, but if you like a mildly sweet cheesecake, you'll like hers. It's not like a New York style. It doesn't have that much cream cheese. It's ice cold out of a display case, and it was more like a custard, as if she used equal parts cream cheese and whatever you use to make flan. Expect a half cheesecake, half flan texture. She left it in the oven just long enough to ever-so-slight form a crust on top. Not burned like a crème brulee, but a very gentle toasting gives it a great appearance. One appetizer, two entrees, one dessert: $29 plus a tip.
<review# 1155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2011,9/2/2011,3760,1373,18,8,7>I really don't want to like Tuesday morning.  I don't understand the name, and with all the estrogen in the air, it reminds me of a depressed or hung over, but in shape and slightly tanned, single woman in her 50's laying in her king sized bed on a Tuesday morning in stylish designer sheets of a label that this place sells the leftover versions of, at a discount. Okay, maybe I do like it.  I have something for MILFs, what can I say?But with today's purchases of a fuzzy red striped good quality bath matt for $10,  shower curtain rings for $5, and a soft nicely designed beach towel for $15, I think Target has some competition.Garden stuff, generic wall hangings and household wares in general at a supposed discount.  It's not always that cheap, despite the very garage sale ambiance.  It's all about the feminine hunt.  Watch anything on lifetime while you're unloading you're purchases.
<review# 1156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,9/1/2011,139,92,2,5,4>How did it take me so long to review this little gem?  I've been going here for a few years now. My favorite meal? Huevos rancheros on a weekend morning. These little bad boys, with savory black beans and homemade pico de gallo with a jalapeno kick, are not for the sissy eaters in the bunch.You can tell the owners of this joint are no hum-drum, follow the leader, kind of people. They have a style all their own, from the thousands of origami cranes hanging from the ceiling, to the stage for local music and vintage doo dads sprinkled throughout. Order a cup of joe, and you'll have fun checking out what cup you were "destined to drink" from as they are all one-of-a-kind vintage mugs. You might be "Grandma" for the day or "World's best dad". Hey, let me know.The great thing about this place is that they try to get all their ingredients locally. Most, if not all of their veggies are from the Dallas Farmer's Market down the road. They have a sweet chalkboard with their FRESH selections from the Farmer's Market daily, so you can feel good about knowing exactly where you lunch is coming from. They also have local bands play (I've never been for a show) so if you're in the mood for some music, deep ellum style, go check 'em out!P.S. Their pancakes are amazing! I was never a pancake fan until I was "with child" and theirs honestly were the best I found in Dallas over a.....oh...say....9 month duration!
<review# 1157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2011,8/31/2011,236,272,5,10,6>Ok, so now that Henderson Ave. has all kinds of neat places to grab a brew, it's only fair that Fitzhugh gets one too! I am very happy to see that this place has come to fruition. Be sure to look for the sign outside, or you might miss the place. The front has a patio with several tables and benches, perfect for hanging out around sunset (I mean this tip for after the 100-degree days are over!) I can imagine how nice it will be come the Fall. The inside is pretty simple and laid-back. There are high and low tables with chairs, as well as a bar seating area. One thing I thought was pretty neat, was that there were purse hooks at the standing areas. Nice for them to think of us ladies and our purses!Now, on to the important thing (hehe!)....the BEER selection. And this place boasts one hell of a fine selection, both on draft and bottled. Lagers, ciders, wheats, ales, you name it! Like I have said in a previous, review, I love places with Lindeman's Framboise on draft. Oh, and don't shy away from the mixed drinks...they have good bartenders and the drinks pack a decent punch! I am happy to be a patron...I am taking a friend there tomorrow, and I am psyched! Welcome to the hood, Strangeways, and congrats!
<review# 1158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2011,8/30/2011,194,245,5,7,7>Um. Damn. I was floored by how DELICIOUS this place was. I seriously was not expecting anything that great! I think to myself pancakes...heavy, done over, too sweet.....but I like them only when I want them. The Original Pancake House makes me want them. All. The. Time. I was super impressed when I walked in how friendly the managers and hostesses were...I also caught a glimpse of a lady making FRESH SQUEEZED orange juice. FRESH SQUEEZED. YUM! It was done in this little zamboni looking machine that I wanted to take home immediately. We were seated and ordered, Carmen San Diego ordered banana pancakes and a ham steak. I ordered bacon pancakes with a side of bacon...thinking that I'm going to have a heart attack by the time I am 35. But you only live once...so bacon it is. SN: I also wanted to comment on the coffee, which was YUM E with fresh cream. O.M.G. it was good. I haven't used fresh cream in coffee that good in a while...makes me never want to stop at a C store for coffee again. But I will. They also make such a cute muster about the coffee being on doilies and plates and single serve silver "mini" pitchers for their cream. I loved it. When our food came I was confused. Was I feeding an army and didn't know it! Holy Huge platter folks! I proceeded to put 3 pancakes and bacon to the side as to not soak them in syrup bc I already knew I wanted them later. They smelled that good! When I took the first bite.......heaven. I knew I had found my new favorite place. And I also regretted ordering bacon. The pancakes were seriously all that I needed. The bacon inside of the pancakes gave you everything you needed in every.single.bite. You know you do that. You order bacon (or sausage) and eat a bite of pancake and meat together bc it taste so divine. Hence the bacon pancakes. Seriously, it gives you everything you need. Carmen San Diego's banana pancakes were calling my name, so I sneaked a bite. Why'd I do that! Those bananas were so fresh and so yum....it makes my decision that much harder when I visit next time. AND HER HAM STEAK....oooweee I was a little fat child. And I make not one apology for it! Sue me. and then the OJ....man. I am FROM THIS MOMENT ON....making my own OJ. I'm buying an orange juice squeezer...it's not zamboni cool like the one here..but that OJ was so.damn.dope. WOW! I will be going back.....like ASAP bc the little fat debbie in me won't allow me not too :( TIPS: -order half platters unless your sharing. -tip your waitresses/waiters. I saw them working pretty darn hard. -go around 9am. the initial rush was over on a Saturday and we were seated as soon as we walked in. -order a large OJ...it's so worth it if you love OJ.
<review# 1159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2011,8/29/2011,251,161,4,7,4>If you have ever dreamt of swinging from a trapeze or defying gravity while dancing on silks, Cirque Duo studios facilitates turning these dreams into a reality.  The studio is located north of the Dallas design district and is a "Soho-esque", converted-warehouse space with 21 foot high ceilings to allow for the magic that transpires there to amplify! The co-owners embody professionalism and ingenuity, and maintain an underlying sense of purpose and kindness when instructing their students. What makes Cirque Duo Studios unique is that they are the only studio in the DFW area dedicated to teaching the Cirque Arts, the first studio in the DFW area to offer Aerial Yoga, and their CirqueFit curriculum is one of a kind.  Here, I got to play at being a trapeze artist as well as an aerial acrobat. And, you may even discover, like I did, that developing your expertise in the cirque arts while getting into absurdly good shape at the same time is the ideal way to spend an afternoon or evening. CirqueFit teaches you how to fly, allowing the body to transcend the mundane to the extraordinary. The only risk is not being able to get enough! I'm not going to lie, though, at first, the height of the trapeze made me catch my breath but this only added to the exhilaration as I began to work with it. Then, I developed the confidence and knowledge to wield the bar by using my arm and leg strength.   There I was, with steady, triumphant breath, letting my arms go, arching my back and hanging from a trapeze sustained only by my legs.   The silks hung from the high ceilings are awesome for hanging upside down while climbing up to the heavens.  It's amazing how quickly the others and I in the class are able to improve and acquire more acrobatic skills as well as hone our own innate athletic creativity.  Somehow, I was gracefully dancing on red silk threads!   My foray into the cirque arts began as I started taking aerial silk yoga classes mostly to improve my handstand asana as well as other advanced yoga poses. To my great surprise I found that not only did I get even deeper into stretches and openings with the silks, I acquired relief from allergies. This has been the worst allergy season for me ever so whatever could offer any respite from this discomfort  is beyond exceptional to me.   The second floor loft houses the silks utilized for the aerial yoga classes. These classes provide a complete body work out in  an environment of fun and delight.  A super cool pose students begin to articulate early on is one where the silks are wrapped around both hips and one hangs upside down seamlessly in a pose that is reminiscent of an upside down Buddha.Another pose, I really enjoy is swinging from the hips after getting into plank position and then driving yourself back and forth higher and higher into the air.  What a fantastic way to develop these tiny lower back muscles I was not even aware I possessed!  Inversion therapy at its best; one reaps the benefits of spinal decompression, relieves pressure from the joints and learns how to manipulate the silks and strengthen the core.   The other yoga based practice offered at this studio is Acroyoga and it encompasses all the bonuses of a Thai massage.  You can also train on the Spanish Lyra (hoop) during the Cirque Arts classes.  Really, the possibilities are almost endless.   The primary reason these lessons and the students taking them prove successful is because Kimberly and Dylan are consummate professionals.  Not only do they practice and teach their craft, it is their métier and they are able to create with it, adding artistry and grace to everything they do. And, they are both in such a natural state of Zen that they are the personification of what would happen if the Dalai Lama split himself in two and became a couple. In short if you are looking to have a cosmic experience, Cirque Duo Studios' got that and then some.
<review# 1160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2010,8/28/2011,70,109,2,8,4>Another fabulous find on Yelp! Thanks fellow yelpers! Our friends and us were looking to try some place new for a low key Friday night. We came across the Back 9 and thought we would try it out. When we arrived it was crowded as they had the back room reserved for a birthday party. There was only a couch available in the bar area and so we sat there. About 2 minutes later a server asked if we were interested in sitting on the patio and we said sure. She found us a table and seated us right away. The best part of the patio (aside from the heaters) is that they project sports and movies on the building across the way. It was something I had not seen before and would definitely go back for this. We decided to order a bunch of appetizers and those included back 9 fries (fries, cheese, bacon, jalapenos, and ranch), artichoke dip, fried pickles, and a small meat pizza. Everything was delicious!This is a place that we will definitely be back to in the future.
<review# 1161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2011,8/27/2011,434,194,9,29,16>Tucked away in the Highland Village shopping center sits the shoe boutique by famous shoe designer Christian Louboutin. One of only seven such boutiques in the United States, this exclusive little shop has quickly become one our favorites for its style, exclusive designs and overall charm. My wife and I made our way and were greeted by assistant manager,  Mark Trevino. One of the first things you will notice (besides the amazing shoes) is the beautiful red carpet throughout the store. It's the exact same color as the bottom of the shoes and oozes elegance. The decor of the store is pleasant , however the store is smaller than I expected. There are only 3-4 seating areas for trying on shoes. As we looked around I quickly zoned in on the men's line, which according to Mark is new and moving as quickly as the women's line. Both my wife and I sat down and started pointing at different styles to try on. My wife, being a lover of Mr. Louboutin's shoes, found 6-7 different shoes which were quickly brought out from the back by Mark. I also was treated to three different men's styles that I found eye catching. Over all we spent almost an hour trying on different styles, walking around on the carpet to see how they felt and comparing the fit. . The staff attended to us as needed, allowing us to make decisions on our own without being too pushy. I ended up with a pair of men's spiked sneakers, while my wife walked out with three different styles of heels. Note: Christan Louboutin does not allow refunds, only an exchange or store credit, provided the shoes are in unworn condition, so be sure of your selection before you make your purchase. However the staff is very accommodating and will ensure customer satisfaction.  This store does carry the "boutique exclusive" shoes from the Louboutin website and other styles not found in Niemans, Barney's or Nordstroms. They can also have shoes from other Christian Louboutin stores shipped in if they are out of stock. Mark has called on several occasions letting us know of new product and styles that have arrived. Definitely a plus to have a sales guy who knows what his customers like and want. This store is a must see for all fashionistas, shoe lovers, and anyone else who loves Louboutin shoes. Its also right down the sidewalk from Deno's Shoe repair where you can have your new Louboutin's treated to a Vibram sole to keep them scuff free and looking like new. Overall, our experience was very positive and we will continue to look for Mark each time we go back.
<review# 1162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,8/26/2011,384,355,3,5,7>I'm really excited to add Cane Rosso to my rotation- I know I'll be back here on a regular basis.  Of course, I'm very happy to support businesses in Deep Ellum.Cane Rosso is casual place where you can bring your whole family.  Despite this, the place is not a rambunctious zoo- you could still come here on a date night.  The outdoor patio is a nice enclosed area with light bulbs strung-up providing a nice ambiance.We arrived around 8pm Saturday night and waited about 45 minutes to be seated. We didn't mind because the beer and wine selection is not bad.  I opted for a sangria that was pretty tasty.Finally after being seated on the patio, we perused the menu and had a pretty hard time choosing which of their 15 or so pizzas to order.  They all sounded delicious!  Plus the waitress told us they make their own mozzarella!It only took about 5 minutes for the pizza to come out.  We had ordered two between the two of us, hoping to take some home but we devoured all but two slices!  It was super authentic and the toppings were so fresh and delicious!  I'm not sure it was the best pizza I've ever had but it was pretty damn good!My only complaint is that the owners could have done a little more with the interiors. The large chalkboard listing the specials is nice and the huge red pizza oven is pretty cool, as well, as the large pig painted on the wall.  I just wish they'd lose the consignment art that is mismatched and paint the main wall something other than your standard white. It would just make the place feel a little more pulled together.
<review# 1163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2010,8/25/2011,56,88,7,7,3>I'm going to start off with THIS IS MY FAVORITE TEX-MEX RESTAURANT EVER. E-V-E-R!!! *Please note I'm a native Texan. Los Cucos started where I was born, Houston (H-TOWN REPRESENT!!!) AND, this fine establishment, has been gracious to follow me to San Antonio (where I schooled) and to Dallas (where I know live/werk). Sadly... the Dallas store front does not live up to it's predecessors. :'(  but...it's still my fav tex-mex place in the D. Good food...decent prices and you don't leave with that "UGH I just consumed my weight in grease" feeling. This is confirmed by the countless number of people I've taken here. They've also got the gnarliest fajita/mixed grilled boxes. Talk about wowing the crowd. It's a win-win!! PLUS - this is a shout out to all the eggplant lovers out there - Los Cucos is the ONLY tex-mex place I've EVER been to that features an eggplant item. Fried panko breaded eggplant topped with grilled mixed seafood AND nacho cheese sauce (request that on the side). BALLS TO THE WALLS!!! HELLS YES ALREADY!!!And...you're not on your way there now because....?
<review# 1164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,8/24/2011,511,139,4,4,5>Meh. it was okay.FORGET THAT IT WAS AWESOME!!After so many 5-star reviews in the 102 reviews that prefaced this one, I had to grab the wife and head down to Eno's -- it was amazing.The area was a little dark.  There's a couple of blocks worth of cool shops, but they were closed being Sunday night. The ambiance inside matched the mood outside -- very woody with much of the lighting coming from white Christmas light strands.  They weren't that busy (again, Sunday night) which I was thankful for.  Got to chat for a few minutes with our server, who told us alot about the place and area.  Very cool.We ordered the "Eno's Original" with cheese, tomatos, basil, sweet & spicy peppers, mushroom and salami (if I remember right) which was incredible.  Spicy, but just right. Oh, and we had the "bread and gastro butter" as an appetizer which was, I think, made with crack in the butter. Oh my damn it was tasty.As a last note my wife had the Dogfish Punkin Ale which she raved about -- said it "tasted like fall". I happen to agree.I'm sure if you peruse the 1000 other reviews of peeps who love this place. It'll win you over too. Or you could get up and go grab a slice of awesome for yourself.PS: There's an upstairs too, and if you have more than 4 or 5 people head up there --- the tables are bigger. It's more of a pub atmosphere than downstairs and still has the full menu and stays open 1 hour later than downstairs.PSS: They have live music on the main level every Friday night, but it's more like a concert so it's louder.
<review# 1165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2011,8/23/2011,725,843,4,7,5>Hmmm...that's Random.  Who would have thought to make that?  It's amazing.  I must have it.  Look at that painting.  That would look great in the living room.  How cute is that?  I said that a gazillion times.  I went from sounding like a real adult to talking like I was 12 years old.  The store does that to you.  There's something special about Random that makes me feel like a kid in a toy store...except it's not just toys.There's beautiful artwork, amazing accents and gifts, crafty handbags and jewelry, this store has a little bit of everything.  I spose that's why it's called Random.Everytime I go in there to browse I come out with something I absolutely love.  My daughter loves the "India's Corner" which is named after their little girl.  It's full of toys and fun things little kids and not so little kids will adore.  I swear my teenaged daughter bought half her Christmas gifts there.  And get this--things are actually affordable.  Half the time I go into these trendy stores I'm aghast when I look at the price tags.  No sticker shock here.  I'm not saying they carry cheap stuff.  It's quality and in reach!  Love this store.
<review# 1166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,8/22/2011,895,667,9,12,11>I'm here to update my previous awesome review since I rejoined Run On in August of 2010, after almost 2 years off from running.I had to start over with the beginners group.  *sigh*  But I was seriously out of shape again.  I've been taking the 6-week classes since then that are offered through November (they break for the holidays), and then pick back up in January.The classes are still the same in that you get to run at your own pace with other people at the same-ish running ability.  The Run On folks send weekly emails with running tips, breathing techniques, running apparel, etc.  The coaches are still the real connection to the program.  They are great, and encourage everyone along the runs.  They really keep you motivated, and are a great source of knowledge too.  I have to give a shout out to Sarah who I had for three classes.  She's awesome!Still the best part to me is the socializing you do while running.  If you're lucky to have some chatty people in the group, the runs go by much faster.   Plus if you are having a bad day it's nice to have people along side basically being your personal cheerleader.  Not that it's all that cheery and peppy.  It's just nice having a group of people running with you, and being there if you need to vent, or cuss the coach under your breath for making you run up an incline (kidding...kind of).  Most of the people that come and go in the classes I'll probably never hear from again, but I have made several lasting friendships with a few people.I think I said it two years ago in my review that Run On makes running fun.  It's still true.BTW - when you sign up for the classes, a couple of weeks in Run On gives you a pretty cool Run On technical shirt and technical socks too.
<review# 1167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2011,8/21/2011,143,1173,2,7,5>FINALLY!i found an awesome italian restaurant that doesn't charge you an arm a leg.... this place is amazing.. the general manager (vito) is friendly and more than happy to strike up a conversation.. they serve lunch tuesday-friday.. 4 course lunch for 14 bucks... their saturday night cena (5 courses) are 25 bucks for nonmembersi've only been there for lunch.. but i'm blown away and will be going back for dinner.. their lunch begins with a soup and salad.. then you choose a pasta and an entree.. the salad is quite basic (romaine lettuce, tomatoes in basil dressing, pickles, croutons).. i've had their corn chowder.. and it had fresh corn... really... who the hell uses fresh corn in corn chowder.. it was freaking delicious.. last time.. i had tomato basil.. and it's a phenomenal.. hell of a lot better than le madeleine..their pastas are fresh and perfectly portioned as a side so you don't overstuff yourself.... as for the entrees.. my fiancee's had the cod.. i had the trout special.. the fish is fantastic.. i'd happily pay 14 bucks just for the fish dishes alone.. 4 freaking courses for 14 bucks for lunch.. go here.. now
<review# 1168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,8/20/2011,273,583,7,6,6>I gotta be selfish and keep a star in my pocket until I try another Korean taco place. :) You understand don't you?Even with 80+ reviews in their short existence, I've not encountered a huge mass of people on my visits. The first time I went everything was good, but something was up with their tortillas. They tasted too thick and gummy. I got that weird feeling of blobs of partially chewed tortilla bits in my teeth. Most recently, I didn't encounter this at all and was super pleased. Of the 4 meats, chicken is my least favorite. Chicken is sorta hard to spruce up in my opinion and it just didn't hit me with as much flavor as the other meats. I can't decided which I liked best out of the remaining 3 so I typically will run some sort of combo through them. I tried their fries (with kimchee) and was pleased with those as well. May need to ask for 2x kimchee next time as it was quite pleasant but not nearly enough to scratch a kimchee itch. The guys working there are so super nice and it seems like they work hard to introduce new items to the menu. I already like this place quite a bit, and plan on coming into to smash their current tako eating record.
<review# 1169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2010,8/19/2011,33,85,,8,4>Came in last weekend for the Fuego molecular gastronomy meal.  I think the nomenclature of it being a molecular gastronomic meal is a bit misleading - there were a few science-fair-ish plates, but the essence of it seemed to be constructing tastes through alternative means.In that regard, Fuego was EXACTLY what Dallas needs.  Fuego is more than a dinner, it's an event, and it's a damn shame there isn't more of this in our city.  The menu spans the globe and brings you flavors that the namesake restaurant can't logistically supply.  The menu changes weekly, but the curry ice cream we had was a microcosm of what this meal is about: familiar global tastes presented in ways you don't expect.  Sitting at the bar, you get to watch the two chefs painstakingly and exactingly create each of your 15 courses.  Paring that perfectly is the wait staff who time their silverware exchange immaculately as well.  Granted the price is a bit expensive ($125 per head, +&75 for wine pairing), but you are essentially getting a one-of-a-kind meal and a show.  I can't encourage enough people to go and check this out!
<review# 1170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2011,8/18/2011,220,341,6,10,6>This store is a BARREL of AWESOME and I'm so excited that it is on the Carrollton Square! Mr. Pickle's is like nothing else in Old Downtown Carrollton. The sign says 'gifts and toys,' but it doesn't mention that the toys are on the bizarre side and will hold much more appeal to not so grown up adults who have a penchant for the whimsical and obscure. Lovecraftian octopus tentacle finger puppets? Yes, please! Sugar Bear wants 10 (as shown in the pictures), but we started his collection with only one today. They have zombie finger puppets as well. A pickle that yodels? Sushi tape? Sarcastic magnets? Surreal art that is beyond description? Odd science experiments for kids? Yep, they have all of that and more. They even have vampire babies and bottles of blood to feed them with...good preparation for the last Twilight film! We left today with three very odd postcards that appealed to Sugar Bear, a groovy zipper bag with sushi pictures on it, a pirate magnet, and the octopus tentacle. A great start, and we will be back for future gift giving needs (for ourselves!). The ladies who work here (and I believe own the shop) are really excited about the store, their merchandise and are open to ideas about other cool stuff to carry. I am SOOOOOO happy that this store of weird wonderfulness is open and super close to my house!!
<review# 1171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2011,8/17/2011,199,332,5,11,8>The hype about In-N-Out has caused such a backlash here in Dallas. As talked about as Good 2 Go has been, I was afraid that these taco could never live up to their reputation. Bzzzzzz! WRONG! They were fantastic!One time I had only breakfast tacos but the combo of eggs and steak oozed flavor onto my tongue and then melted away like quality ingredients are wont to do. The next time I was lucky enough to have the jerk chicken offering that Deno mentioned. It was stellar but paled into comparison to my new "Lord God King Boo-foo" taco - The Hangover Helper.The HH is fairly simple. It contains chorizo and smashed potato and cheese. Bite one was odd because I am not used to those tastes with the mushy texture but once my buds adjusted --- JACKPOT!!! Seriously, G2G has the best chorizo that I have ever tasted. Savory, tart and a hint of spice, this chorizo elevated this simple dish into the type of thing I will crave on a daily basis.The space is simple and you will need to arrive at off-peak hours to avoid a line. I don't get down that way every often but I think that I will start finding excuses from now on so I can re-visit my taco heaven.
<review# 1172,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2011,8/16/2011,549,363,18,16,10>I married someone who some might say is "fancy". He really can't help it, he was raised by a french speaking woman whose standards know no end and will probably find a smudge on the pearly gates when she gets there and will bitch about it. Luckily, this woman is now my mother in law.One of those things that my fancy husband insists on is good bread. He'd rather go Atkins than eat the crap, dense, dry baguettes that Central Market puts out. I made that mistake once and it took just one look to know I'd screwed up. We don't talk about that day.There are just a few places in town that meets his baguette standards and Empire Baking Company is one of them. We will drive 30 minutes out of our way for their lovely carbs. The baguette is perfect. It's not that dense, overworked crap that so many places offer, it's exactly what you want. Crisp outside, soft, pliable, holey inside.Thank you Empire for making bread the right way, and for giving my man, Mister Fancy, a little taste of home in Dallas.
<review# 1173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2010,8/15/2011,188,256,12,13,10>This is no exaggeration:If the doctor told me that tomorrow was my last day to live, the first thing I would do in the morning is go to Shin's Donuts. I have been searching this city high and low for a donut that can distinguish itself from the nearly limitless number of donut shops in Dallas.  In my experience, they are pretty much all the same. Except Shin's.  These are the best donuts in Dallas. Period. The selection at Shin's may appear to be just like every other joint around town, but the quality and freshness is unparalleled.I am nearly ritualistic about visiting Shin's on Saturday morning.  I have had nearly everything there and here are the real standouts in my opinion:1. Donut Holes- an absolute must. The dough is so light and chewy, the glaze perfectly sweet.  Ask for them fresh off the cooling rack and you will be hooked for life.2. Apple Fritters-hot and crispy, always glorious with a glass of milk.3. Blueberry Cake- I have never had a blueberry donut with more blueberry flavor per square inch. Best in the city.4. Cinnamon Twists- both the sugar coated and the glazed are delicious, these are always on my order.5. Crossiants- whether you get the sausage roll or the breakfast sandwiches, these things would any Frenchman weep with joy.Honestly, everything is superb though. Inkyung and Paul Shin are two of the sweetest people I have ever met. ***IMPORTANT ADVICE***Walk in. Just ask, "What do you have fresh out of the fryer?" Order whatever it is.  Typically it's the plain glazed or donut holes, but often they can give you fresh chocolate or maple.  Devour your goods. Seriously, it is life-altering.  I love you, Shin's Donuts.
<review# 1174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2010,8/14/2011,137,147,7,5,3>I have a long and tangled history with Royal Thai, the best Thai food in the city.  There are so many things I like about this place.  Food is great.  It's not perfect 100% of the time but the seasoning is usually delectable. Take the sauce in the basil chicken: bits of garlic and chili pepper mixed with the soy and fish sauce mixture.  Good chunks of white meat chicken and basil leaves red and green bell peppers. A few long cuts of jalapeno.  Great to spoon over your rice.Other reasons I love this place? Well for starters, my ex wife bit down on a rock or something back in the old days (15 yrs ago) when they were in the building across the parking lot.  Consequently she nevah goes there lol. Now, I have eaten thousands of dollars of food from them and have never had a problem so don't hold that against them.  RT also has super hot waitresses...be honest what guy doesn't feel an attraction to women bringing him food?  We all do ok...no harm in it. Plus, they are all really cool girls in addition to being hot.Spicy noodles with chicken (pad kee mow) is reliably good, especially since the chicken is ground up...the only way to go. Curries are nice. Siam favorite seafood has a ratcheted up basil sauce that is very tasty.  Oh, and the tiger tears: beef with sticky rice and a salsa is delicious.  Only thing is: their green papaya salad is wayyyy too tame: needs to be 5 times as spicy.For real though, everyone at RT is friendly especially if you become a regular and they start to recognize you.  Just wish they would bring back their thai toast appetizer...it was fantastic but I must have been the only person who ever ordered it so they finally got rid of it.Oh, and I had nuthin' to do with the rock my ex bit down on...I swear!!
<review# 1175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2011,8/13/2011,973,92,50,43,44>I'll go on record and admit that this is the best place to find authentic Japanese cuisine in Dallas. All the servers and employees are Japanese, so a good indication they know what they're doing. Obviously everyone that's heard about this place knows about their Wednesday bento box special and the 1 dollar sushi day. This not some dinky Genroku bento style box. They provide a whole delectable supply of goodies that you make you smile. I thoroughly enjoyed the mackerel, and sashimi salad. A light scoop of ice cream at the end of the meal tops it off. A $25 bento box down to $13 is a deal. The sushi here is just average though, so don't come in expecting to be blown away.Yes, the establishment is small and the expected wait time is 30 minutes on days with specials. Yes, the service is a bit slow and yes it smells like the inside of a fake leg as you take your first whiffs of the place walking in, but what you're here for is the cheap bento box and the authentic Japanese dishes and this place provides just that.
<review# 1176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,8/12/2011,55,65,3,10,8>How could an empanada ever rate 5 stars, you ask? Here's how:1. CHIMICHURRI: This Argentinian dipping sauce could turn stale crackers into a 5 star addiction. 2 parts oil, 1 part proprietary blend of seasoning. This is the secret ingredient that writes these excellent empanadas into the book of legends.2. PERFECTION: Fresh dough, fresh ingredients, fried on the spot. TEXAS BRISKET, CHILIPANZINGA, CHICKEN, and CRIOLLA are my favorites. For desert, the GUAVA AND CHEESE is a must try!3. OWNERS: The owner and his wife are genuine, hardworking, and very nice. You can tell these empanadas are made with love.
<review# 1177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2010,8/11/2011,1341,757,6,10,8>What?? How have I not written a review for this place?? I love this place. Their three bean turkey chili keeps me musical all day long but mannn It's soo worth it. I savor every bite of that slurpy goodness. This place is soo much better than other soup and salad joints because they keep it clean and the veggies are fresh and not wilted. There's the regular salad bar stuff and in addition they have julienned summer squash (it's a salad must!). They also have a good variety of drinks at their drink station. I saw different flavored tea bags, milk, lemonade, coffee, and sodas.Sorry for sounding crazy enthusiastic but it's been a while since I've had yummy soup.  For dessert, try their mini chocolate chip cookies. They're mouthwatering. Stay away from their apple cobbler though. It'll give you diabetes.
<review# 1178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/12/2011,8/10/2011,73,357,5,12,7>I don't just pass out five star ratings like all-you-can eat pizza slices from CiCi's. To get five stars from me - as RuPaul would say- YOU BETTER WORK. And Pizza By Alex worked it on many levels. Chicago style pizza with some latin flair? Yes please! I'm from Garland and this isn't the most ideal location for such a good pizza place, I hope that through the powers of Yelp we can build some buzz for this spot. If it were in the Firewheel area or actually in the downtown square, it could possibly get some traction but on that sad strip of First St. with all the car dealerships, it could get over looked and that would be a shame. We were the only people there on a Friday night from 8-10 but it did look like there was brisk delivery and some pick-up going on, thankfully. Our waitress was very patient with us as we mulled over the menu -Pizza Club has not had to contend with Chicago style pizza, which is much heartier than a regular ol' thin crust. Pizza By Alex has both and they do both really well. We got three thin crust pizzas and they were all excellent. The crust had a great texture (they call it "paper thin" on the menu but it isn't Eno's thin, it's hold up much better,) the cheese is ooey gooey good. We had one pizza with salsa as the sauce -with "pastor steak" and pineapple. This was interesting for sure but I didn't really taste alot of meat, mostly pineapple, but it was very popular among some of the table. They gave you an option of red or green salsa and our waitress was very nice and made sure with the kitchen that we could get half and half which was awesome! We also had the Ranchera pizza which featured chorizo, chipotle sauce, and refried beans instead of sauce and it was delicious, my favorite of them all. We also made the impulse decision at the last minute to get a grilled veggie pizza which was surprisingly good, with goat cheese and squash and red peppers.  It was flavorful and added a nice  freshness to the our overall meatcentric spread.On to the Chicago style. We got one stuffed and one non-stuffed. While many people at the table liked the stuffed, it didn't do it for me, just too much cheese. And the italian sausage in it didn't taste like much to me, possibly because all I could taste was cheese. I don't think that was PbA's fault, it's just not my preference. But the traditional Chicago style was really good- the crust was naturally pretty thick but perfectly crisp on the outside and doughy in the center. The sauce was flavorful and the italian steak was really good. We basically got the "Pizza By Alex" pizza on a Chicago crust and I can almost see how those ingredients -the beef, onions, and mushrooms-would have stood out even better on the thin crust. Still, it was really yummy and the perfect amount of cheese. OH and you must not forget to ask for a side (or add it as a topping, where we originally saw it listed) of hot gardinera. I personally had no clue what that was and had to google it. It's pickled vegetables usually used as a topping on Italian beef sandwiches in Chicago so it went really deliciously we with the Italian beef pizza. One minor complaint is that they use canned mushrooms but we didn't order any one pizza that the mushrooms were main ingedient so it didn't really detract from the awesomeness of everything.Although I believe that Pizza By Alex stands on its own merits, I would be lying if I said that the fact that this place is just getting ignored on a crummy street in the un-thiriving part of an old suburb while lesser pizzerias like Grimaldi's and Fireside are packed on a weekend night really does seem absurd. Obviously, people who are out to see and be seen would rather be in Uptown or Knox-Henderson but if you want to actually eat good pizza (that isn't priced obscenely compared to its quality) maybe it would be better to worry less about hype and more about taste.
<review# 1179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2011,8/9/2011,129,168,3,6,4>I'm so close to giving this place 5 stars, I really am.But before diving in let's talk semantics. This place is proudly Eritrean, which they will vehemently defend against being called Ethiopian. A quick history lesson: Eritrea used to be part of Ethiopia until the early 90's when it finally gained its independence via civil war. And they continue to have a border dispute. So yea you can imagine why they might not want to be called an Ethiopian restaurant but rather a restaurant specializing in East African cuisine (a la their neon sign out front). As far as the food goes though, it's very very very similar. In fact, I can't really tell the difference except for some other menu items which I hadn't seen before.Food is great and as others have commented, relatively large volume compared to some other Ethiopian restaurants. Doro Wat (chicken and egg in spicy stew) came with two drumsticks and one egg. I'm accustomed to getting one drumstick and one egg. And it was very delicious and spicy. One thing we would've hoped for was for the egg to be stewed in the doro wat more. It seemed like it was boiled on its own and then added to the dish when you ordered. Not sure, but the egg itself didn't seem to have much taste other than "egg." Great deal at $10 and enough to split two ways.The vegetable combo we got (potatoes and string beans) was good, but the potatoes were a bit hard. Would've been better if it had been stewed a bit longer to soften those spuds up.There's an interesting back room that has a pool table - it's like a hangout for the local Eritreans. I'm sure they'd probably let me play a game with them, but how to get that conversation started I'm not sure...Decor is overall fairly standard issue, a couple cultural items, but nothing overbearing. As with many East African restaurants, the posters often make them look like travel agencies. Food and price are great, service was friendly too. It's a great option if you're in the mood for East African cuisine and I'm sure I'll be back sooner rather than later.
<review# 1180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,8/8/2011,213,158,8,6,9>If this place was a little more south of the equator (AKA 635), I would probably frequent it a lot more.  Brunch menu? Rocks my socks. Prime rib eggs benedict anyone? You heard me....The made-to-order omelet I tasted was redonkulous good. The sliders looked awesome.And the bottomless mimosas / bloody mary / champagne special?? I practically proposed to management before I left. The service, btw, was perfection.THe atmosphere had me a little jarred at first seeing as though there were mainly white hairs and even a NUN sitting near us, but we soon got over that. Oh, and I'm not a fan of how they do their breakfast potatoes.....but I'm sure I'll get over that after the 3rd mimosa.Brunch addict......very pleased. OUT.
<review# 1181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2011,8/7/2011,25,105,2,6,3>I was at my wit's end with my dog. He is high energy and was driving me nuts in my house. Even with walking and playing. So I decided to try out Doggie Wonderland. This place is great!! My dog came home and crashed out. He was happy AND tired. The staff are great, they know the dogs and are clearly animal people. They prescreen every dog (1 free play day) before allowing them to start coming regularly. Boarding, grooming, and day care are all very competitively priced. They even have an option where they will pick you and your dog up and drop you off at the airport when you are going out of town. Talk about service!
<review# 1182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2010,8/6/2011,320,143,2,7,3>Clever, clean, fresh, nutritious, and delicious choice of flavors. I had trio of tacos for $10 you get spicy shrimp, grilled fish, and fried fish taco all served on corn tortillas with fixings and sauces. Yum, all delcious. The salads looked amazing and for $12 you can pick three of them. I really struggled with my choice b/c I really wanted to try the creative salads, but I needed some protein after working out. Coastal Dive Girl (I can just tell this place must be ran by a female), please add more protein to the salads. I would hate to spend $12 on lunch and then pass out on my way home from protein deficiency. My friends both ordered the seared ahi tuna wrap, which thank God one of them was feeling the pangs of a slight hangover because she didn't finish all of it, so I got to clean her plate of the delicious flavor fusion: tuna/cocunut rice/guacamole/sauces all loving each other together under the big grilled blanket of a great tasting tortilla. Wow, delish. The decorations are so pretty and coastal (almost felt like I took a quick lunch dip vacation in the ocean) and I really want to commandeer the beautiful throwback green portraits of old mermaid swimmers so I can stare at them at my house. Service is sweet and friendly and I like their cute coastal dive t-shirts.
<review# 1183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2011,8/5/2011,108,104,6,12,8>Waiters in suspenders?Yes, please."Hippy, healthy bread," toasty, melty muenster and delectable cranberry chutney to go with my chunks of smoked turkey?Well, don't mind if I do.All this served up alongside a frosty Pecan Porter?Damn straight!A 1.5-hour long wait for our table?What? You can't win at everything, people!We checked out Whiskey Cake last Saturday and really enjoyed the experience. Service was excellent, food was top-notch, drinks were delish and the atmosphere was great. Really, no complaints at all (other than the wait for a table, but then, what do you expect on a Saturday night in Plano?). We'll definitely be back to try more... and I may even break out my Strawberry Shortcake suspenders, circa 1986, for the occasion.
<review# 1184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,8/4/2011,219,594,3,5,4>Finally made it in here, not for the sandwiches I hear so much about, but for some dinner preparations. What does everyone in Dallas know is the best pizza topping imaginable?  Jimmy's sausage.  You can buy it behind the counter in back- mild or spicy.  It was incredibly inexpensive- I got 1/4 of a pound for less than two bucks.  Deal!Also, been meaning to make up some pesto- and needed some pine nuts.  I wandered the store- examining all the aisles and not finding them.  After asking, I found out that this too is at the counter in the back.  They have it in bulk, and you can choose your container size.  The smallest size was significantly bigger than I needed, but that's ok- it will just encourage more delicious pesto making.As others have mentioned they have an awesome variety of olive oils- holy cow!  A wide array of bottled/pickled items.  Probably a fifth of the store is dedicated to wine- which I didn't partake in this time, but will certainly look at next time.  Many fresh items available, but also a variety of good finds in the freezers- cheesecakes, pizza doughs, pastas, gelato.  What's not to love?
<review# 1185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,8/3/2011,63,63,8,13,6>If you're looking for "authenticity" and great taste, come over here! Right when you enter the doors, you're greeted with that feeling of Vietnam. No joke. It smells kind of like Vietnam and has that atmosphere of Vietnam, just the great laid back feeling. No one's in a hurry or rush to push you out of those doors after you eat.They serve a variety of Vietnamese dishes here from rice (broken rice, com tam) to soups (pho, bun, noodles -dry/wet-). But of course from the name, when you eat here you order the Pho. I usually order the Pho Tai Bo Vien, pho with slices of beef and beef meatballs mm nom nom. I always tell them to leave the Tai on a separate plate so I can dunk them into my broth when it comes to me.. if you do this, your beef won't be so chewy and overcooked. Then on the side I ask them to bring me a plate of onions soaked in vinegar, cause I go all the way~~ (This is how I order my pho from any restaurant.. haha you just have to tell them how you want it.. they'll bring it out to you like that.) This place doesn't have the best pho, it's probably neck to neck with Pho Pasteur, which is across the street. =P But it definitely is orgasmic. What I look for in a bowl of Pho before I eat - 1. Is the broth clean? Is there pieces of fat floating around in my broth? 2. Did they skimp out on meat for me? (They usually can't, because I ask for that stuff to be put out separately) 3. Does the broth taste good? Not too salty not too bland? 4. Do they give you a good amount of noodles? The first 3 are the most important to me, and if the broth isn't clean.. meh ..... I don't feel too great about eating it. Buttt, Pho Bac's pho is great! You should definitely try it out. If that doesnt persuade you, one of the things they have that other stores don't, is the "small" size for Pho. Most other restaurants have upped their bowls to LARGE and XLARGE.. I'm assuming for the Americans that eat a lot. :( Happy orgasmic eatings ~
<review# 1186,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,8/2/2011,608,438,10,13,12>Holy cow!  I'm kicking myself over how long it took me to try this place.  So how do I describe this establishment in one word?  How about WINNING?  Babe's is so full of win i don't know where to begin.I guess we'll start with their famous fried chicken.  This is some serious stuff.  Greasy?  Well, yes..it's fried chicken.  What do you expect.  What really surprised me is the tenderness and juiciness of the meat.  I've never had fried chicken anywhere close to how awesome Babe's is.  The breading is just right as well.  Not too much, but enough flavor to compliment your chicken in the most perfect way.  If I hadn't made it clear yet, GET THE FRIED CHICKEN!With any meal they also bring out an array of sides, which are all unlimited.  They will bring it all out at the beginning and you can keep asking for more as needed.  My favorite sides are the corn and mash potatoes.  Neither are out of this world unique, but they definitely cook their sides with a generous amount of butter.  You will also get biscuits (meh), green beans (unique), and salad, which is pre-drenched with Italian dressing (really?  Why not ranch by default?).  Of course you will also have your country gravy to add to your food.So let's recap.  Babe's has the best fried chicken in the world and the sides are eat until you explode.  How can you miss with this place?  As an added bonus, this place kind of has an Austin feel as all the chairs are mismatched and they will bust out with their version of the Hokey Pokey at random.  There's also a scary looking mannequin in the middle of the room that makes for an awesome picture op.5 Stars!
<review# 1187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,8/1/2011,193,459,4,5,5>One word: MANCAVE!If I had a basement, this is exactly how I would want it to be. Minus the girls. You've got TVs on the walls, in the corners, and even in the middle of the room. Seating consists of couchlike seats and la-z-boys right smack in the middle of the room. The food menu is your typical bar foods. We had the sliders and chicken salad, not great but not too bad either. I DID enjoy the beer menu. They have your usual beers and also some quality choices also: cask ale, trappest ales, IPAs etc. AND they serve $2 PBRs in a mini brown bag. MINI BROWN BAG....$2! Also, it's kind of like hooters/twin peaks because all female wait staff, but a little more discreet. Definitely a dude's place. And I am a dude, so I like.
<review# 1188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,7/31/2011,129,78,4,9,4>If you look up fucking awesome in the dictionary, there is a picture of Lee Harvey's beside it. I do not have enough good things to say about this place!Monday: $1 taco night - steak or fishTuesday: 1/2 price burger night Wednesday: half price wingsAll day happy hour on Sunday and feel free to bring your pup for a play date!I love hitting Lee Harvey's before concerts over at Palladium since it's about halfway for me.Last time we went it was Tuesday, and you are seriously missing out if you haven't had this burger. You pick how it's cooked, the cheese, any toppings (may be extra), and whether you want fries, onion rings, or the combo (pick the combo).I had a beer and 2 cocktails with my burger and my bill was $11.16.I'm sorry, was that a mistake? No, no it was not. Lee Harvey's, will you marry me?There is no wait service during the week, but the bartenders are badass. Just tell them what you want and go check back in 15 minutes for food.Live music on the weekends and special events some saturdays.Check out their facebook page, too. They do a contest every day where the 5th person to comment wins a free meal and drink on the bartender's tab.
<review# 1189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,7/30/2011,70,154,4,12,7>Get ready for sensory overload here.  The location is such a hike for me, but it was so worth it!  The other reviewers are right, the store is very similar to H-Mart in that it isn't scary like most Asian grocers around haha.  My review today is two-fold because Ranch 99 isn't just a grocery store, it's much more than that!  Srsly, I spent 2 hours here my first visit!!Shopping:  It may be that it's brand new, but this store has a really organized and CLEAN layout.  Their fresh produce aisles are expansive and they offer some unique goods.  Chameleon melon?  WTF is that?  Well they've got em by the case!  They also have 3 snack foods aisles!  Most of the fare is strictly Chinese-Taiwanese-Vietnamese, but they have a few Filipino items and other.  The deals are great and it's just super exciting to have that much selection.Food Court:  Oh yes, there's a ton of fresh foods here ready and waiting for you.  The food court consists of a dim sum bar that also sells wonton and noodle soups, they have a serve-yourself food bar priced by the box with some other made-to-order dishes and boba tea, they sell the roast pork and duck hanging in the glass case, there's sushi and teppan bowls made to order with some really fresh-looking sashimi, and lastly, they have a bakery with savory and sweet baked buns and designer desserts.  Basically, they have everything!  I was here the second weekend they were open and this area was just pandemonium.  This is the part of the store that reminded C of Taiwan with the hoards of people, the pushing and shoving, and the good food!I was really impressed with this store and will be back as often as I can!
<review# 1190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,7/29/2011,109,75,4,8,5>As far as I'm concered, if you don't like pizza, you're not human. Wait, but that can't be right, because I know for a fact that any dog, bear, cat, mouse, gerbil or bald eagle would eat a piece of pizza were you to offer one up.The point is, I Fratelli is dang good. I've driven by it tons of times, but never ventured in until recently when I ordered a pizza to go. Their crust is dvine - thin, crispy and complete with the perfect amount of flavoring. I even was forced to order the veggie pizza since I was dining with a vegetarian friend and I had zero complaints. It was just as tasty, and my usual hatred for olives was forgotten since the delicious sauce covered their taste.I cannot wait to order again... and again and again and again.
<review# 1191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,7/28/2011,418,96,5,9,6>i LOVE this gym! Sure, prices were kinda expensive (especially for someone who isn't serious about working out). But the price did make me work out way more than I ever planned to. I felt the need to work out extra since I'm paying so much. This gym is unlike all other Lifetime gyms. Other Lifetime gyms are HUGE, over packed, and has tons of amenities for children that I would never use. Premier place is a decent size and had all the amenities that were perfect for me, such as the spin room, pilates room, and a small cardio area. This gym was never packed which is why I loved it. I went to spin class every day while I was there, it was awesome. There was a different instructor every day, which I liked because it brought variety to the workouts. When signing up, I was given a few free personal training sessions. I took advantage of it and met with a personal trainer. They gave assessments and helped with areas I needed to improve on. Their sessions are outrageous so I would probably never pay for it - I'll only opt for the free ones :)Another added bonus was their locker rooms. Inside the locker rooms was a hot sauna, steam room and jacuzzi spa. There were lots of individual showers and you never had to wait on anybody. Lifetime also provided razors, deodorant, mouth wash and makeup remover so you never had to bring anything from home. If only all Lifetime Clubs were like this one.....
<review# 1192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2011,7/27/2011,190,305,6,5,6>Mercy introduced me to several things:  1. Latisha 2. very interesting live music and 3. insane amounts of PDALatisha is the name of the wine that did me in on my first visit - that girl kicks ass and takes names, kind of like the Latisha I knew in high school... I should have seen it coming.  She's cute and seems sweet, but will eff you up.Both times I've been to Mercy, the live music was (I'm sorry) laughable.  The first time, the drummer seemed mechanized and the last time, the guy almost threw rap into "New York State of Mind" - how is that even possible?!Please go against your inclination to have a heavy makeout session in the corner booth or (worse) at the front door.  No one likes that while sipping Latisha and watching Mr. Roboto on the drums.  I know it's dark and romantic and whatnot, but please wait until you at least exit the building.But at any rate, the food is quite good - the cheese board has never disappointed, the mussels are very good and served with delicious olive bread, and although they're a bit heavy, the truffle pom frittes are pretty yummy!  I was pleasantly surprised by our waitress' knowledge of the wine list and her solid recommendations based on our preferences.  They have a relatively impressive wine book from my recollection, and it seems as though they cycle through and update it when the new vintage rolls out, which is nice.
<review# 1193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2011,7/26/2011,249,256,,4,5>Shame on me in a Major way.I have lived in Dallas for... about 15 years now.I consider myself a pretty avid Art enthusiast.and I have never been to the Dallas Museum of Art?I guess I kind of figured that any Art in Dallas would not be that great after seeing art all over the world... boy was I wrong.It took the a Late Nights event at the DMA to get me in the door and now I can't wait to go back.  The quality and depth of the exhibits here is pretty amazing.  Not to mention the great space.  I could get and literally did get lost in there.  I went during their Late night event which is every third Friday in the month.  They stay open until midnight and have an agenda packed full of stuff to do.  Besides looking at art they have a DJ, bands that play, some cool art inspired games and activities such as create your own art in 5 minutes or less.  Also some great interactive exhibits.They even have decent food and alcohol for the late night win!
<review# 1194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2010,7/25/2011,241,251,2,6,8>If you are looking for ambiance- keep looking(unless day labor chic is your kind of thing). If you are looking for a great deal on cheap tasty tacos then come on in. I will occasionally stray but usually get the carnitas and brisket. They are both flavorful and very filling and with the rice and beans(which are ok but not as good as the meats) for only 4.99 its a great deal. Make sure you pay at the front of the store first and then take your ticket to taco bliss back to the counter to have your order prepared. One of the best parts of a visit here is watching them make the tacos. They really have a system down. I don't think I can do anything as fast as they make tacos! It is awe inspiring. This is pretty much my offices default lunch stop when nothing else seems quite right.
<review# 1195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2010,7/24/2011,471,48,19,22,12>As a massage therapist, I have mastered the art of relaxing. And in all my discipline, there is no better respice in Dallas than King Spa. They've only been open about a year. And this is most definitely the best kept secret in Dallas.Warning: If you are an Interior Designer, you will be offended by all the gaudy gold-plated decorating. My husband says it looks like a retired strip club in there, because everything is so over the top. That said, for those with less concern for High Design, the decorating is just fine.My favorite two areas are 1. the wet area, because I can just be naked in a hot tub (my version of heaven). And #2. The Base Rock room, which is allll the way in the back. It's the room where you have to pay an extra $2 and you get a red towel.I suffer from light lower back pain, and the base rock soothes my muscles. They are trying to crack down on you putting the towel between yourself and the base rock, but if you have back pain, you should do whatever feels good to you. For me, those base rocks are truly a Godsend.As for the movies, they play surprisingly current stuff. However, they have no clue what they will play next. I think they have a monkey in there that plays with the DVD player until another movie magically starts. I tried to get some sort of answer from the front desk, so I could plan a movie date into my King Spa stay, and they just gave me dumb looks.You can spend the night there. You shouldn't do that, unless you're a pro. You can bring a pillow and there are some magical rooms in there that will put you to sleep. King Spa: a magical palace of peace. Ahhh.........
<review# 1196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,7/23/2011,89,87,7,11,11>I've been excited about Bacon & Friends for a few weeks now. I was trying to find something new for my gentleman and myself to experience that wasn't all the way out in Dallas, so I set my yelp to a certain radius, and saw that this place had a REALLY high rating. After reading the reviews, I knew we had to check it out. We drove out there once about two weeks ago, but sadly it was closed. I really will learn to call ahead one day.I'd decided to make it a B&F/Scrumbcious Mesquite hot date combo this Friday night, so we trekked out to the far away magical land once again. After a couple u-turns, we finally made it.When I walked in, I expected counter service, but lo and behold, we were given a table, menus, and friendly waitress. I was sad to see what was probably a photo of the late owner on the wall.Our waitress came by to see if we had any questions while we perused the menu. I knew I was going for pie later, so I tried to make it as light as possible at a place with bacon in the name, ordering the ultimate grilled cheese (bacon & tomato on Texas toast), adding avocado. I'm an avohound. The waitress threw me for a loop when she said I could sub my fries for sweet potato fries, onion rings, or a list of other things. Momentarily confused, I ordered sp fries. My dining companion got the avo-burger, add jalapenos, regular fries.Now, I'll admit, I wasn't too sure about the hype. I mean, it seems like nowdays you can put anything in cupcake or pie form, or toss bacon on top of it, and it's the trendy amazaballs thing to do. But the friendly service and delicious food really did live up to the hype this time. My sandwich was perfectly grilled, the bacon was crisp and flavorful, the burger was seasoned perfectly, the fries were hot and potatoey, even the avocado was bright and fresh.My companion and I have a peculiar rating system of our own, the highest honor being "Definitely Have Again". Bacon & Friends is absolutely on that exclusive list. I'm really glad they were able to stay open. I can't wait to go back and try the cheddar meatloaf sandwich!
<review# 1197,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2011,7/22/2011,221,525,5,6,3>Not Pei Wei, in a good wei. The service is wonderful and fast enough. It is very rare that a 5 Star Yelped restaurant has quick service, even my favorite coffee and tea establishments get a line at times.  Good experiences take time, and fly by. I had an OMG experience with each dish here like no other Asian restaurant. My group ordered about 12 different entrees/appetizers, and we were blown away with each. Even the dishes that I steer away from had me breaking out the sopping biscuits. First, the spices are widely varied and severely potent. The flavors are deep, and the freshness of the ingredients are second to none. I loved the Esan Beef Jerky, the twice fried catfish - Yum Pra Duk Fu (OMG it is good) and a special dish with candied noodles...just ask for it....sweet, crispy noodles covered in greatness. Don't forget to bring a nice bottle of wine to cool your forehead and recline with friends. Don't be afraid to ask for guidance from the staff; perhaps you may find your new favorite dish here at Bambu.
<review# 1198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2011,7/21/2011,541,525,13,8,10>Almost 200 reviews.  So imma leave you with a limerick. ********************Lumi Empanada & Dumpling KitchenA Brazil and Vietnam mix that's totally bitchin. Ordered a lumi Lychee to drinkI won't tell my shrink.My body starts twitchin!Order four dishes from the go Small sharing portions and I'm a total ho.Started with nachos, ahi tunaThey were muy buena.Next up, more food ya know?Chinese duck and leek dumpling I definitely should wear more bling.It should be a crimeTo serve this all the time. I'm stressed by this whole thing. Blue Crab & Cream Cheese WontonThis allows me to rock on. Cilantro & Jalapeno Shrimp RollI am now entering a black hole. What are you looking at swan?The place is so fresh and so clean Trust this is your kind of scene. The food made me see the lightIf you take it away, we will fight. You may die from this cuisine.
<review# 1199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,7/20/2011,255,323,11,10,10>Yes.  Hypnotic Donuts lives up to the hype.I'm kind fo sad that I missed out on the days when your doughnut transaction was handled like an episode of Miami Vice, but I doubt that I could have ever talked my wife into eating a doughnut that I bought out of the back of a black SUV in a random parking lot.  It would have been her loss.My punk ass kid and I made the 20 minute trek from my part of the 'burbs to ANOTHER part of the 'burbs this past Saturday morning.  The night before, me and the kids stalked HD's Facebook page to decide what doughnuts we were going to order for our taste test.  Here's what we got:The Hypnotic: chocolate cake doughnut, pretzels, crushed peanut butter Capt. Crunch,peanut butter, chocolate & caramel frosting.Turtle: chocolate cake doughnut, chocolate & caramel frosting with chocolate & caramel drizzleDancing Bears: Glazed doughnut covered with gummy bearsLucy in the Sky with Lemons: plain cake doughnut, lemon frosting, lemon heads, and white chocolate chipsYing & Yang: plain cake doughnut, half milk chocolate frosting, half white frosting, white chocolate chips & milk chocolate chips.High in the Mountains: glazed doughnut, strawberry frosting, dipped in milk chocolate and topped with sliced strawberries and then chilled and served at 40 degrees.I'm usually not a fan of cake doughnuts, but these were spectacular and were actually better than the glazed offerings.  My fav is a tossup between the Turtle and the Lucy in the Sky with Lemons.  Customer service is outstanding and friendly.My only complaint is that I wasn't all that impressed with my Honey I Want One (the chicken biscuit with bacon, honey butter, pickles, spicy mustard).  Conceptually?  A home run, but it wasn't executed well.  I understand the limitations of the kitchen and the need to fry the chicken the day/night before, but my chicken was still somewhat cool in the middle (not undercooked, but under-reheated) and the bacon was a complete fail.  I got a super fatty and floppy slice on my biscuit.  If this biscuit had crispy, super thick slices of bacon and the chicken was freshly fried, not only would it be slap-yo-mama good, it'd be punch-that-bitch-in-her-throat good.  I'm not dropping HD a star because of it because the doughnuts are real and they are spectacular.
<review# 1200,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,7/19/2011,148,98,4,6,5>So I made the rookie mistake of ordering a drink instead of a beer at the Loon. This is Loon 101 as they are known for super stiff drinks. 2 drinks were more than enough and I headed home. The Loon is still the good time I remember it to be. Great 360 bar, fantastic people watching, friendly clientele and just a good time. It's really a place where EVERYONE talks to everyone. The bartenders are a little standoffish but so what. It's so noisy in there you don't want to linger in convo with them anyway. In summary: Great dive, strong and cheap drinks, great people to swap stories with. Come as you are, no need for uber prep time before coming out here.
<review# 1201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2010,7/18/2011,145,236,4,4,3>Melody is right on that this is not that greatest of neighborhoods.  But when you got guns for the snitches, roses for the bitches, hop off of the whip paparazzi taking pictures like me, you don't worry about it.  My experience included overhearing an attempted car theft story, watching the couple behind the counter make out a little bit,  and a DVD-for-purchase rack ranging from anal porn to the Santa Claus 3 with Tim Allen.R e g a r d l e s s ... they have painted on the window "Hamburgers, Tortas"  which has been calling my name.  So I decided to grab a to-go order and I've decided  this little corner gas station has got little something something to it.   The $6 dollar Cuban torta was man sized.  The bacon was extra crispy and the rest of the pork in there was savory, spicy, and lip smacking.  The crunchiness within provided good texture with the creamy guacamole and mayo sauce.  I also picked up dollar barbacoa and bistec corn tortillas tacos and they are right there with my favs Tacos al Guero or San Diego's in Irving.So strap on your gat or bring a friend you can out run and stop by Tony's.(it's really not that dangerous there)
<review# 1202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,7/17/2011,165,290,7,12,9>Finally, a Vietnamese place in the Greenville area that serves delicious pho and banh mi!Whenever a bowl of pho comes out, I always try a scoop of the broth before I start "personalizing" with limes, jalapenos, sriracha, etc. The piping hot (love it when it's hot) broth definitely exceeded my expectations. It was so pure (not oily at all) and a perfect blend of rich, stewed beef flavor. The meat comes with medium rare filet, brisket (very tender), and meatballs. They definitely did not skimp on the amount of meat at all. And don't let the disposable bowl fool you about portion size, because I was so full afterwards. Probably because I couldn't stop drinking the soup!I tried my friend's Korean BBQ banh mi, which was also so good. The bread was crispy toasty on the outside and soft on the inside. Crumbs were everywhere - that's a good thing when it comes to banh mi. There were so many unique flavors in the sandwich that I've tasted separately before, but never all together in one bite (marinated beef, kimchi, cucumbers, and a spicy mayo sauce). I'm such a sucker for well-named restaurants. Pho Is For Lovers not only joins the number of U.S. states with "_____ is for lovers" t-shirts, but it's also near the intersection of Greenville & Lovers Lane, which makes the name double awesome in my book! :)
<review# 1203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2010,7/15/2011,70,221,3,9,3>What do you want to do tonight Bruce (roommate)? I dunno. What do you want to do? I dunno. Oh oh oh lets go get a tattoo!!! Ok fine by me. That's pretty much how it happened one night too! lol! We decided to go here because we read some pretty outstanding reviews on the place. When we got here all the chairs were full and the guys promised us that no matter what time they would get to us that night. Well we ended up staying until about 2am. Unlike most people who are tired and want to go home, they were awesome. Never once did we hear them complain about the time or they were exhausted. You could pretty much tell they were but we gave an amazing tip and felt kinda bad that we had kept them. They did a great job on both pieces and I really really want to come back again. They are true artists and know how to ink. The price is perfect considering how much Cat Tattoo wanted to charge me. This was my third tattoo so I know you get what you pay for, but this place seems to charge just right. They are also super friendly. Just a side note but if you go in be sure to check out the sleeping dog. If you've been there you should know what I'm talking about ;)
<review# 1204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2010,7/14/2011,443,598,5,4,4>So several WEEKS ago I parked under a tree (a dirty mistake) in Las Colinas by the Champps to watch a game and after the game I came back to my car covered in bird feces. You remember that scene in Fight Club where they put bird feed by the car dealerships and all the cars are covered in poop? Yeah, my car looked like that. Usually, I wait a few days for it to rain so I don't have to spend any money on a wash, but the past few times that it did rain, no washy. The poop stuck on like glue. Today, after being chastised by my roommates, I finally got one today here at Carmel. $5 Gets you an exterior car wash and you don't even have to get out of your car! After going through the wash your car gets sort of a happy ending, a blow job to dry off all the water droplets. Now that's service all for $5. What a deal!PS, if you want to vacuum your car for free ask for a token when you pay for your wash.
<review# 1205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,7/13/2011,218,183,5,10,9>I've been waiting for a day like this, where something like Kogi bbq in cali comes to Texas in like a restaurant form of some sort :)  I just wish it was closer to Addison rather than in valley ranch.. far far away from meh!I'd been trying to be in the right place at the right time to check it out for quite awhile.. today was that day.Customer service was very attentive, and I like that their still trying to generate new menu items, and being creative in their designs. I like that kind of open spirit in my food places..My cousin and I visited it, and she really liked it, and shes usually kinda critical lol. I kinda wish I had taken pics of my food, but it was a combination of being in a hurry to get to a graduation // hunger that stopped that from happening. Got a order of bulgogi taco (beef)/ deji taco (spicy pork), and a seoul dog. Bulgogi tacos are just like that picture up top..nicely put to together with two corn tortillas to hold all the yummy mix of ingredients of a taco from breaking through.. it looked delicious and tasted balanced and flavorful. Loved the flavors of the seoul dog too.. ahh so good!I want to go back already. :( On their door the open time says 10:30am instead of 11am on the yelp website btw. So.. just fyi. as of 6-4-2011 anyways.
<review# 1206,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/20/2010,7/12/2011,66,283,9,14,6>Adrenalina kicked my ass...literally.As a life-long surfer, skateboarder, snowboarder and overall thrill-seeker, when I found out that Adrenalina has the only Flowrider (the closest thing to surfing) in North Texas, I had to go.A Flowrider somewhat simulates a wave.  Its basically a sloped, matted surface, with extremely high-pressure jets of water that shoot up it, creating an ocean-like surface.  You attempt to ride up and down it on a fiberglass board that is a cross between a skateboard, a wakeboard and a snowboard (or you can ride it on a boogeyboard).I figured I'd have it dialed after a couple spills--one hour later, humbled, I limped out with a gash on the top of my foot and knowing that I'd be sore all over from multiple spills.For those with boarding experience, go ahead and give the board a shot...you're used to falling hard....for those without, stick to the boogey board.  Women, be sure to wear a full piece bathing suit, cause all that rushing water will yank your top or bottom right off (not that I'd complain, just watching out for your best interest).For those with no interest in riding, its pretty fun to watch when people fall and get sucked back up the "wave" in all kinds of contorted positions.Price is steep at $20 for a half-hour session, with up to 7 others.  I called ahead and found an hour time slot when nobody else was scheduled, so me and my son had it to ourselves (also used a Groupon that got us an hour for  two for $40).Besides the Flowrider, Adrenalina is a full-on alternative sports retail shop.  They have a decent selection of skateboards, gear, and plenty of clothes and some shoes.   Good place to shop for teens or young adults. If you are every visiting the Shops at Willow Bend, drop-in and give the Flowrider a look...truly something completely different.
<review# 1207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2010,7/11/2011,236,423,2,6,3>I was so excited to move down to an area of Dallas that actually had a coffee shop that everyone loved. I SO miss my neighborhood coffee shop in Chicago. I refused to review the Pearl Cup until I'd tried a variety of things off their menu. - excellent black coffee? Check- excellent latte? Check. Actually, double check. This is my bench-mark for coffee shops, and their signature Pearl latte is the perfect sweetness. - local and non-chain? Check. - friendly service? Check. Sometimes a tad slow, but that's what you get for coffee with a personal touch. - non-coffee offerings? Check. Loved their frozen chai. - comfortable space with wi-fi? Check. - parking? Check - go around the back if the front is fullOn the other hand... - good eats? They have pastries and sandwiches. I was excited by their nutella and banana grilled breakfast panini, but the cinnamon raisin bread they put it on was too light and it wasn't all that good.- affordable prices? Ummm I'd knock off half a star for this if I could. They are actually more expensive than Starbucks.They actually just won the D Magazine "Best Coffeehouse" award, so I expect them to gain even more popularity.
<review# 1208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2011,7/10/2011,66,117,5,5,6>To be honest I had no clue where I was going when I left my home. Even when I got to the parking lot, I wasn't sure if there was a hidden restaurant or a club or what. The layout of the venue was pretty cool with white walls, tall ceilings, and some greenery in the middle. I don't think I have been to a place like that in Dallas before. It felt like I was in a different city for a few minutes until reality set right in. It would have been sweet if there was a pool in the back or something, but hey maybe I am just dreaming. I also wish LA Burgers demoed their burgers. I was not expecting tacos to be served by them to be honest, but nevertheless the spicy pork tacos were quite tasty. As to the drinks I thought everyone did a good job, but "Raytini" stood out more than the others. Maybe its his branding that worked :) Oh, by the way the valet guys were quite amusing. Something tells me they were really hoping to be parking some Maserati's and Lamborghini's, but I guess they had to settle with my prius! When we were ready to go home, he asked what we driving and once I showed him our car, he literally ran with all his energy to go get it when it was only a few stone throws away from us. I thought the whole process was quite funny. Overall the event was awesome and thank you to Frances for arranging it. p.s. I will definitely be leaving those "You've been Yelped" cards where I go until I run out of them :)
<review# 1209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2010,7/9/2011,231,448,3,3,4>Wowza, this place is ornate!  Talk about top-to-bottom decorations.  There isn't one area that lacks for some sort of style or bobble.  I'm glad I don't have ADD, otherwise I'd never have gotten past the hostess stand.  Or through the menu for that matter.  I stopped in with a friend for a bite to eat & a break from the tax-free weekend shopping madness.  Clearly, I did not think our destination through, but there was no wait time so no biggie.  Much like it's sibling The Cheesecake Factory, this place has extremely large portions.  I never knew it, but there are some wicked good lunch deals here, too.  They're a good way to get a variety of food for a cheaper price tag & you can avoid the insane portion size.  I got half of a pizza (which is really the size of a large dinner plate) plus a salad for under $11.  So the portion size wasn't as small as it could have been, but it beat getting an entire pizza that I could never finish off alone.For appetizers, my friend & I tested out the edamame & the summer rolls.  The edamane was quite good, but the summer rolls were only so-so.  The sauce that came with it was tasty, but I was still a touch disappointed in the overall flavor of the rolls themselves.  For my entree, I was quite happy with the salad.  It was fresh & had just enough dressing.  As far as the pizza goes, I was pleasantly surprised.  Mine came with pepperoni & sausage, both of which were cooked just right and gave the dish a great flavor.  The cheese wasn't too heavy & complimented the meat & sauce very well.  I ate way more than I intended to just because I couldn't put the stuff down.  Yum.We had a great waitress & all of the other staff seemed friendly as well.  Our server never let our cups empty & made sure we were happy with everything we had.  She was also quick to clear plates & box up food as needed.  That combined with the good food will certainly keep me coming back, busy weekend shopping times be damned.
<review# 1210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2010,7/8/2011,150,120,17,6,8>If Fuel City was a chick its number would be plastered all over Dallas bathroom walls-  "Call Fuel City for a good time ;) 555-5555"Much like Kellers, Fuel City is a bit of a Dallas institution, or should I say Yelp institution?   Only a few places have the coveted unanimous love of Yelpers-  Kellers, Good2Go, and TacoJoint  being high up there on the list - but Fuel City might just take the cake.  Or taco.  Delicious, delicious tacos.*tip* don't wear white.  Or any clothing you care about at all, really, because you're most likely going to be covered in delicious taco splooge.*tip* Get. The. Elotes. NOW.*tip* go when its dark, so when you're covered in taco splooge you don't *look* like a total taco slut.  Unless you're into that.  ....in which case, PM me ;)*tip*  Move your car if you parked in the prime spots directly in front. It's a douche move to sit in front and hog space. My preference is off to the far right where I can watch the Longhorns.*tip* Did you get your Elotes yet?*tip* lime.green sauce. Meat. Mouth.This is turning curiously sexual for me...so I will end my review with one last tip--get. The. elotes.
<review# 1211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2010,7/7/2011,54,243,3,4,3>Stop 7 of 10 in our adventure 'Summer splash: 10 great drinks you need to try' as featured in the July 15th , 2010 edition of QuickDFW.com was a fantastic visit to the Black Swan Saloon.  This being Deep Ellum at 8:45 on a Saturday, we found ourselves to be the only four customers in the joint, but honestly, that gave us time to enjoy some of the mastery that Gabe Sanchez, bartender and owner, was about to present.  The featured drink, a clearly seasonal "watermelon mash" was not available, however, in Gabe's obvious "let me get this right" spirit, he excused himself for about two minutes (while we re-arranged all the bottles in the bar...er, just kidding) and came back with a supply of watermelon to make said featured drink.  I knew we'd heart this guy.  In addition to the watermelon smash (Watermelon-infused vodka, soda, muddled watermelon, cucumber garnish, although the vodka didn't have ample fusion time, we were fine with what we got) he got us to sample some of his wonderful infused whiskey as well as what I think is the best bloody mary I've had in recent, er, ever.  Gabe also mentioned the newly redesigned patio that will be renovated starting this week; can't wait to come enjoy it.I can only hope the Black Swan will be on it's way to greatness; it has all of the appeal and charm of a well-worn watering hole you might find in Austin (or the Deep Ellum of days past).  About the plastic cups: although didn't bother me in the least bit, I figure that he uses plastic because he doesn't want to mess with washing/drying glasses at this point (because bar is so small)...I didn't ask, don't really care, but anyone know?Go Gabe!
<review# 1212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2011,7/6/2011,686,887,5,6,6>dear la duni, you should feel special right now because I'm updating this review at 3 oclock in the morning...(I got up to check my elite status badge but it's not up yet. Might as well update while I'm on) and second, I visited you twice this weekend, that's more than any of my friends! Okay so after being sick for like over a week and surviving on nothing but soup and orange juice. I wasn't going to let that ruin my chance of having my last meal of 2010. I got up, got dressed, met up with an old friend, and had a really delicious last meal of 2010. It was dang good I tell you! (please dont flag me for cursing) hehe :)12/31/2010 First Visit: They had the new years dinner menu of a four course meals for $50...So we got that because we had to...anyway, it was two appetizers, a main course, and dessert. I didn't get drinks because I was still sick. Didn't want the alcohol to slow down my immune system to recover and lose the fight with the influenza bug! lol Anyway, ADD is kicking in because I'm getting off topic...So there were two appetizers...I didn't understand why we needed two appetizers but hey, I'm not going to complain. I like food! The first dish was some salmon and mushroom caps on toast. I didn't eat my salmon because I dont like to eat fish while I'm sick. The mushroom caps on toast, however, was delicious!!! For the main course, I ordered the carne asada, it was soooooo goood! made me ignore my dinner date for a moment because I was reallyyyy enjoying it. lol it was very simple but done right! skirt steak marinated, black beans, rice, two plantains, and some red peppers. It all went well together. And for dessert, I had the cuatro leche cake because I heard it was award winning. I want to give that cake another award if I could...The "Thank You for Satisfying My Taste Buds Award" lol1/2/2011 Second Visit: Just came here for dessert and espresso. Had the white chocolate espresso. Just coffee and white chocolate, really good! I had it before at the northpark location. and got the cuatro leche cake again. They gave me a bigger slice this time and it was dry towards the bigger end of the cake. I guess maybe it didn't soak in all that condense milk. It was still very good!!
<review# 1213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,7/4/2011,65,251,2,7,5>My husband and I are major food snobs and gourmet cooks. Therefore, we are not easily pleased. To our surprise, this place managed to please both of our advanced Palate. Sure it's in the hood and the decor leaves much to be desired but the food is great and it 's all about the food for us. My husband and I shared a 3 veggie combo for $12.99. We chose Ribs and Macaroni & Cheese, Red Beans and Rice with extra Collard greens. It also came with unlimited homemade corn bread.The Ribs were falling off the bone tender and juicy. Flavorful (Sauce on the side) just the way we like it so we can taste the flavor and the seasoning on the meat by itself. Macaroni and cheese was cheesy and rich. Red beans were sweet and flavorful and don't get me started on the collard greens. Besides our own and my husband's 70 years old Grandma's greens. We have yet to taste greens that even come close to being this  good. I must admit, I will be back to get some more of those wonderful greens probably sometime this week. We shared one plate,  pigged out and still have enough food for two more meals.Services was great as well. The guy kept coming by and checking on us to see if we need more refills on the drinks or anything else. Our only regret is we didn't try this place sooner.
<review# 1214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2010,7/3/2011,108,346,7,6,6>Ever wondered how sharp your haggling skills are? Well you can come on down and test it out at the Dallas Farmers Market.I spent the entire afternoon munching on samples of a variety of apples, cantaloupes, sweet mangoes, pineapples and orange flavored honey! I learned that you should look around first before buying because vendors tend to sell the same products at different prices. Also, by the time you're done sampling, you'll know which stall has the best product and price. I bought a cantaloupe for $1 (am I good or am I good?), limes 8 for $1 and basket of granny smith apples for $4. I couldn't wait to come home and make pie with them! Bring cash and your own bag and do not pass up the roasted corn stand with butter AND did you know they have turkey legs here? If you look across the corn stand, they've got tamales and tacos. Shed 1 and 3 are where you can buy produce and Shed 2 have specialty products like vanilla bean, saffron, curry spices, sharp knives, and salt scrubs. I bought handmade Blackberry Vanilla soap and yummy candles. Oh there's also a gelato shop inside. The workers and farmers are super friendly and they'll give you tips on how to prepare your produce if you haven't got a clue.Great place to spend the afternoon since the weather's been nice. Just being here excites me! You must be out of your damn mind if a basket of fresh okra and zucchini don't excite you. OOOh... they've got a mushroom stand with fat portabello and oyster mushrooms. It's really hard to find fresh oyster mushrooms so I thought that was cool.
<review# 1215,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2011,7/2/2011,258,201,8,11,7>So the bf and I decided to celebrate our Valentine's Day late to avoid the crowds and general nonsense of it all. He'd never had fondue before, and in all honesty the only reason I'd ever been before is because Simply Fondue was the subject of one of our ad campaigns in college and they gave us all gift certificates to go. Now I know why...no college student could afford these prices.No matter, I was ready to get my dip on, and introduce the bf to the gloriousness that is a big ass pot full of melted cheese.We went with the full-on experience - I think it was $39/person for an appetizer fondue, a side salad, 6 meat selections and a dessert fondue. Which, as we found out, is a hell of a lot of food.The Pepperjack fondue started us off - yum! But as I mentioned before, you can't really go wrong with a pot full of melted cheese. Bonus: when the manager came over to mix it up for us, he asked if we like it spicy - hellz yes! He brought us out a delicious little bowl of fire that gave that pepperjack a huge kick. YUM!The salads were salads, but definitely good. I got a garden salad with Greek vinaigrette, he opted for a Caesar which he claimed was "perfectly peppery." ('Cause who isn't a fan of alliteration, huh?)For the meat course we chose the Amber Bock, which is a Cajun boiling broth style cooking method as oppose to the traditional oil frying. I can't remember the exact selection of meats...I know there was shrimp, Jamaican Jerk chicken, beef tenderloin, maybe tuna (?), six pepper beef and some other chicken variation I can't remember. All were good, of course, but the dipping sauces were what made it. Horseradish Ranch, a DELICIOUS vinegary sour/spicy Asian sauce, a soy teriyaki, honey mustard. Heaven. On. A. Plate. Mmmmmm.I don't need to tell you about dessert. It was two bowls of melted chocolate that got violated by rice krispy treats, strawberries, marshmallows, angel food cake, and i think at one point my own finger. For those who want specifics, we did the Campfire (smore's) and the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup, although I'm sure it's pretty hard to go wrong. I remember the Bananas Foster from my last visit was amazing as well. All in all, a great date place that's in my hood. A little pricey for a weekly (or even monthly) visit, especially since we're lushes and had to order a bottle of wine...and then some drinks afterward.Oh, speaking of being a lush, one thing to note: they don't serve liquor. After our main course I was thinking a Bailey's or Kahlua and coffee sounded pretty much like heaven to go with my nearly pornographic chocolate experience, but no such luck. Can't win 'em all.
<review# 1216,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2010,7/1/2011,213,499,5,6,5>Realistically, I'm not sure how often I could afford to come here.  And certainly not for lunch because it's only on weekdays and downtown is way too far for me to drive on a work day.  HOWEVER, I had the day off today to take the GRE and it was also Dr. S' day off AND we had a coupon for (what we thought was) two free lunch entrees that we had gotten from 48 Nights recently--so needless to say, we headed straight there for lunch!Our meal started with two good-sized popovers.  And by good sized I mean they were just the right size, considering we ate dinner at Kenny's Wood Fired Grill (we had a $20 off coupon there, ha) last night and their ginormous popovers really can kill an appetite.  The DCH popovers also came with rosemary honey butter, which was a nice pairing.  I was pleasantly surprised with the lemon cardamom infused iced tea.  We felt a little awkward just ordering two free entrees at such a fancy place so we decided to get a few other things to try.  The crab cake was really interesting.  Definitely mostly delicious crab meat, very little filler, and topped with a slightly sweet tomato compote and a tasty creamy tomato-ey sauce.  Liked it.  The house salad with raspberry vinaigrette was large, but not very exciting.  They probably dumped half a bag of Fresh Express Spring Mix in a bowl, added some cucumber around the side of the bowl, and tossed with dressing.  I would have liked to see something else in the salad.  I wanted to get the burger since I've had burgers on the brain lately, but I was really intrigued by an interesting twist--the tandoori lamb burger.  It came with tzatziki sauce and pickled cucumbers, lettuce, tomato, and red onion and an assortment of pickles on the side.  Also came with the awesome herbed olive oil and balsamic marinated cherry tomatoes and some tasty sweet potato fries.  The burger was great.  It came on flatbread which worked much better than I expected it to.  My only improvements would be slightly more of the tandoori spice rub, and a little more pink center.  I ordered medium at his suggestion and it was plenty juicy but I would have preferred it a tad less done.Dr. S had the 10 oz ribeye with the marinated tomatoes and truffle fries.  It was cooked to a perfect medium, except it was ordered medium rare.  But he did that on purpose so I guess that plan worked.  I didn't much care for the truffle fries, I liked the sweet potato ones better.  It was good but uninspired.For dessert, we ordered the key lime pie, which was nice and tart but again really traditional.  The waiter had originally told us it had a pretzel-brown sugar crust, but it turned out that they had changed it since then so we didn't get to try that unique twist.  Still good though.So we get the bill and---EVERYTHING is free!  Best coupon ever!!!  We actually still have one more coupon so we'll be back for sure.  I do want to check out what they have for dinner...hopefully more items with unique twists like the lamb burger, and not just traditional, unexciting stuff like the ribeye and key lime pie.
<review# 1217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2010,6/30/2011,30,25,9,9,7>Things to note:Parking - Ha, good luck and good riddance :) Interior - Soon as you open the door, that's it, there you have it. It can barely fit 6 people on a good day.Word to the wise, phone your order in ahead of time to avoid the long wait, I'd suggest putting the number on speed dial *just my opinion* I don't even know how to approach this review much in the same way I didn't know how to approach the monstrosity of a burger I ordered and wait not just any burger but a Bacon Cheese Burger with EVERYTHING on it (the true American way) .... I didn't know what to expect, I still have a big "WTF" look on my face, I never expected to be hit with a burger of such magnitude. And I literally mean hit, I had never had an all out brawl with a burger until today. Once we got home, I had to walk each bite off, circling the kitchen washing every other bite down with a fry, this was not to be conquered sitting down, we stood up the WHOLE time. The burger had so much flavor and more than flavor, hell the burger had character, who the hell makes a burger with character! Like every burger is specially tailored to the person that ordered it, you literally have a full on relationship with the damn thing. Keeping the burger together is a joke, it gets messy and the messier it gets the better it taste, and to add icing on the cake  they are not stingy with the meat, the amount of bacon piled high on the thick patty, the fixings piled on top of that, I didn't stand a chance.. I gladly waved the white flag and surrendered!!!! I can't even fathom eating fast food burgers when you have local places like this in town. #GOMEAT
<review# 1218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2011,6/29/2011,269,186,7,8,5>When I heard this place had opened I tried so hard to go but I must have been cursed because something always came up. I was literally in the parking lot the first time when someone called with an emergency so I stuck my fist in the air and cursed out loud. I bet the dudes playing golf thought I was crazy. I reluctantly got into my car and left.The second attempt, I walked up to the door and read a sign saying "WE'VE MOVED"...around the corner from my house! ugh. I was too irritated to drive back towards home so I said F it and went to Target.I finally convinced the hubby to go to the new location with me. I got myself a burger, fries and chocolate pie shake. The burger tasted pretty good but my favorite had to be the fries. I already knew I would love them since they were coated in sugar but that fry sauce is gooood. I love that it's slightly chilled when they serve it to you. I know it has to be since it's got mayonnaise in it but the coldness really works.  The pie shake was everything I thought it would be but next time I have to try a plain slice!When Biscotti ran away the owner let me put a poster of him in their window and a yelper saw it! 5 stars ;-)
<review# 1219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,6/28/2011,290,376,5,13,11>Here we are, over 3 months since my first visit and review, and Kenny, I thank you!  You listened, you "fixed the bread", and I am ever so grateful. Met a friend for dinner around 1700. Friendly greeting by the Hostess and seated at a table by the window. And, here comes Kate, our delightful server for the evening. Ordered a favorite glass of Pinot Noir, with BFF requesting his usual Miller Lite. While drink order being fulfilled, Kate delivers that wonderful revised small loaf of bread. OMG, it's pre-sliced; it's crusty on the outside, and so soft and moist on the inside. We start dipping into the tasty olive oil and balsamic vinegar, and our evening is off to a marvelous beginning. Kate brings our libations and offers to give us a moment to make our dinner choices. Love their varied menu, hard choices to make however. I decided on the Tilapia Piccata and BFF went with the Chicken Cacciatore; both with a side of pasta. We also each ordered a side of sauteed spinach. The food was over the top delicious and enormous servings. Three very large Tilapia and a huge mound of Angel Hair with some of that luscious lemon butter sauce with capers that was atop the fish. Every bite brought me closer to food Heaven. BFF's chicken dish was equally as tasty. Tender pieces of chicken with roasted red bell peppers, onions, mushrooms and chianti in a perfectly spicy red sauce. We traded bites of one another's dishes with lots of oooh's and ahhh's. Yumilicious. The spinach was delish, with garlic and shaved Parmesan Cheese on top. Again, a very large serving; one order would have been enough for two. Nothing about this dining experience could have been improved upon. Service, food and ambiance of this small restaurant was impeccable. The only thing I wish had been different....enough room left to try that incredible Bread Pudding I've seen others review.  Next time.T.J., I assume one of the owners, stopped by our table to say hello and ask about our evening. I thanked him for improving the bread, and he responded "We listen to what our customers want". My gosh, he reads Yelp reviews. Isn't that awesome? I also asked him about the Scallop special that Jennifer R had mentioned in her review, and he suggested I complete the comment card and add this to my list of suggestions. I did for sure! (Thanks Jennifer!) I brought lots of food home; can't wait to relive my evening with another exceptional meal. Thanks Kenny! You did good.
<review# 1220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,6/27/2011,105,93,4,11,6>This is THE place for Hu Tieu! (Hence the name) I like these kinds of places because they don't try to impress their customers with a bunch of items on their menu. They have all the necessities along  with their specialties.All of their noodle soups are priced at $6.25 for a large bowl and $5.95 for a small. You can choose from rice, clear, egg, or a combination of noodles for your noodle soup. The broth is very tasty, down to the bits of fried chip pieces they add into the soup. I usually get the H1- Hu Tieu My Tho Thit Tom Muc Gan with clear noodles. It has the whole shabang! Pork, shrimp, squid, shrimp, beef liver. Add a whole bunch of pickled jalepenos in there and you're good to go! They also have bun(vermicelli), chao(rice soup), com(rice plates), and pho. Very authentic. :)
<review# 1221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2010,6/26/2011,51,25,20,6,6>Mumtaz has helped me coin the phrase "Mumtaz Monday", which I use for a startling array of situations: "Where do you want to eat?" "Mumtaz Monday.""Do you have that project timeline I asked you for?""Mumtaz Monday.""Is this your 40oz with a Red Vine partially dissolved in it?""Mumtaz Monday."Mumtaz Monday is a great place and day for affordable ($5.99-$6.99, depending on when you go) and consistently delicious Indian food. The buffet here is ever changing, and there's a wide assortment of savory dishes from which to choose. Here's a few of my favorites:Vegetable pakora- lightly fried and spiced spinachMeatballs- rich, toothsome, and served in a savory cream sauceTandoori chicken wings- meaty roasted wings with a slight paprika and smoke fragranceFish pakora- little nuggets of gingery and spicy fried fish. These go with every single sauce in the whole of human existence. The Nan here is very fresh, pillowy, and totally replaces the need for napkins, in my opinion. Now, I'm sure these selections individually have a match in taste or quality somewhere else. Don't retort with, "In India, we would feed food of this quality only to MASS MURDERERS" or whatever. Take a look at Mumtaz for the whole package (buffet-selection process also applicable to dating?!) and you'll realize the wonderful value. Every third blood moon, a snake and frog incubate a chicken's egg, producing a cockatrice, and Mumtaz cooks one of my "legendary desserts", semolina pudding. This selection doesn't appear on the menu for some reason, and I forget the Indian name for it, but it looks like cream of wheat, tastes like honeyed, creamy, almond-y perfection, and it ROCKS MY GRIZZLED FACE/OFF (a tribute to a genuinely terrible and awesome movie). I've requested this dessert before and they tell me to call them 2 days in advance which I am completely unable to do for I would even forget my ever-lovin name if given half a chance, but maybe YOU could do it and I could reap the benefit?Not much here is very hot, so if you're a heat addict, you may be better served ordering something spicy directly off the menu. I, however, submerge my love for the 'alapeno (experimenting with unnecessary abbreviations) to partake in this excellent buffet that just hits the damn spot. She furrowed her brow,"So you ate at Mumtaz again? Do they know you by name by now? By the way, have you seen my keys? ""Mumtaz Monday."
<review# 1222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2010,6/25/2011,325,161,14,20,15>A patio as it should be!On one of those nights while looking for some refreshing libations some friends suggested we try Amsterdam Bar. I didn't even know anything was even open by Fair Park outside of late September - October. This trip was about to open my eyes to the greatness awaiting.The whole block has a feel of Lower Greenville but without all the horrible traffic and overflow of people on the sidewalks. I was carded at the door, my boyish face I guess. The actual bar is not too large, but big enough that you aren't rubbing elbows with everyone you pass. The bartenders are a cool group of guys, when they aren't too busy, you can see them flipping bottles in the air as they serve up some really great drinks.Now comes the best part!!! The patio area in the back. The whole area is almost twice as big as the actual bar! Big tree in the middle with several patio tables and picnic tables. The whole area is surrounded by 2 story buildings and a large brick wall so you are fully enclosed. Total privacy as well as coziness opened up to the sky. Had a great night and looking forward to coming back soon!!
<review# 1223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,6/24/2011,188,317,3,8,7>Kenny's Burger Joint has officially joined my list of "great burgers".It so happened that I went to Kenny Burger Joint for the first time while they were having the El Jefe Burger (7 lb. burger) eating contest.  It was actually packed and the hostess said we would have about an hour and a half hour wait.  (It was around 1pm on a Saturday).  Fortunately, we arrived within 5 minutes of the contest ending and she recommended we wait to see if the crowd cleared out when the contest was over.  Luckily it did and we were seated right away.The waiter greeted us promptly and was very helpful with suggestions.  I ordered the Black & Blue Burger, Sweet Potato Fries and the Chocolate Grasshopper Adult Milkshake.  My wife ordered the Mushroom Burger.Our food came out promptly and hot.The Black & Blue burger was excellent with the blue cheese completely melted over the juicy hamburger patty.  The patty was seasoned with cajun spices as well as the entire burger being sprinkled with the same spices.  It gave the burger a nice kick with the tang of the blue cheese.The sweet potato fries were crispy and flavorful.  I would actually say these were probably the best sweet potato fries that I have had in a long time.  Definitely worth getting.The Chocolate Grasshopper adult milkshake was very good.  They serve it in a large martini glass.  You can also ask for it "Kenny's style", which means they put it in a mug so that your kids don't know you are drinking alcohol in the form of something they might want.  Clever.  My only complaint on the milkshake was that I wish it was bigger.  I could have had a lot more.My wife enjoyed her Mushroom burger.  She got hers made using a turkey patty and also was able to switch the bun out for wheat.  Apparently you can do this with any of the burgers.  I tried her burger and it was "ok" - but then again, I'm not a fan of mushrooms.Overall, great dining experience and I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2010,6/23/2011,193,345,7,13,11>Not sure why I don't do Dya's more often.  It's pretty dang close to my crib, super cheap, made to order quick, and TASTY! After delaying the "what's for dinner" discussion until after 9 pm, I consulted yelp's "open now" search selection and decided that I didn't want pizza or chinese, which is pretty much what you're limited to unless you want to go full on breakfast - which is more my style at 2 am, not so much before the news even comes on.  I took a spin around the menu and decided on the Hawaiian DYA, and tonite was "free white queso night" woohoo! I added a side of guac and the total came to under $10.  I was able to make my order online, with EASE, and even able to change it to chicken instead of pork, just by making a quick note on the order form.  So easy a caveman could do it. I got an email stating that my order was confirmed, and since I chose "ASAP" as a pick up time, I went ahead and picked it up in about 5 mins.   Just too bad it wasn't Two-Fer Tuesday, buy one get one free, man!! Check the specials online before ordering, you can get pretty great deals.  The staff is friendly, the food is good, and it's a great option when you are otherwise limited for "after hours" dining.  Solid.
<review# 1225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2010,6/22/2011,226,292,13,7,7>For three years I drove or ran by this place at least four times a day. THREE MOTHER F@#&ING YEARS WASTED NOT EATING DELICIOUS TACOS!Upon eating my tacos I fell into a shame spiral so deep and dark that light and sound couldn't escape. How had I neglected this place for so long? It's not in a bad area, it's convenient, it's clean. . .I'm the asshole in this relationship.For $7 I got three tacos (lengua, al pastor and shrimp) and a side of beans and rice. The al pastor meat is shaved off the trompo (the large skewer/rotisserie deal) right on to the taco - you can't get any better than that, folks. Tender, flavorful and not greasy/fatty at all. The lengua was chopped up more fine than I usually see which I'm guessing is to help the gringos cope with the texture. I added a bit of avocado and red sauce to it and it was heaven in a tortilla. The shrimp were cooked perfectly as well. They didn't sit on the griddle as an after thought and get rubbery and nasty - they were fresh and cooked perfectly.The beans and rice were good - the rice had carrots and corn mixed in which was a nice touch.I am a fan of you, Mexico City Gourmet Taco. I'm sorry I ignored you for so long.
<review# 1226,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,6/21/2011,199,200,17,6,5>There are some things you should probably not do. For example, go out to dinner with your ex-boyfriend who broke it off with you just weeks ago. And then proceed to get a little bit tipsy and drop random things on the floor. And then after dinner, drunkenly ask him to take you back (or at least consider it?). I'm not saying I've done any of this. As a matter of fact, I didn't do any of it, because these are simply some things you should probably not do. Just FYI.There are, however, some things you should definitely do. For example, grab some delicious sushi at the new Fin Sushi bar at Ilume with a good friend. I know about Fin because my friend's family owns the Sushi Axiom restaurants and Fin is the new addition. It's set in the beautiful Ilume complex off Cedar Springs near Oaklawn. Let me just make it clear that although I am slightly biased toward Fin, my friend was not. As a matter of fact, he'd previously expressed to me that he was not at all impressed with Sushi Axiom. I assured him that his experience probably had something to do with the person he was with and not the food or restaurant itself. This time, of course, he had excellent company (ME).The Scenery (Part 1): If you've been to the Sushi Axiom off Henderson, you'll recognize the décor at Fin immediately when you walk in. They have the same clear glass wall of wine (which, in my opinion is pretty awesome. I like looking at wine bottles. I like drinking out of them too.) I love the water walls around the perimeter and the plastic bubbles hanging from the ceiling. The ambience is great and very soothing. The layout is set very nicely: drinking bar on one end and sushi bar on the other, and tables in between. It has a feeling of open spaciousness. The seating is set so that you don't feel like you're pressed up against random strangers. Not crowded, so to say. Speaking of which, we got there on a Monday night at about 7pm and there was probably 6 other people there besides the staff. When we left, the restaurant was pleasantly filled with a nice crowd of people for a Monday night.The Service: We were greeted by a smiling hostess who promptly seated us. Simon was our waiter and he made some great recommendations and humored me when I tried to make some random jokes. The manager visited us a few times to make sure everything was ok, but never seemed pushy (like some other places I'd been to).The Food: Drum roll, please. Considering we'd be sharing rolls, we didn't get any raw fish because my friend doesn't eat raw fish. So, we stuck with cooked rolls. I heart cream cheese. I heart cream cheese and shell fish. So I ordered the Lobster Dynamite. My buddy ordered the Dancing Eel. He loves eel. We wanted an appetizer and we couldn't agree on something. There was stuffed shrimp, lamb skewers, salmon carpaccio... lotsa yummy looking stuff listed. I'd been craving agedashi tofu for the longest time, but I didn't see it as an option on the menu. Simon recommended the beef tataki and we settled for that. So glad we did because it was an awesome recommendation! I love my beef rare and the tataki was set in a flavorful ponzu sauce that tickled my taste buds! And the Lobster Dynamite was, well, DYNAMITE! It got the nod of approval. I have a tendency to nod at my food when I really like it, and as soon as the roll entered my mouth, I was in a bobble-headed frenzy. The Dancing Eel was good also, but I have to say that the Lobster Dynamite was worth the $18 I paid for it... OH! And did I mention the martini that I ordered? It worked perfectly with the sushi - I didn't see a martini menu and asked if they served the Martini Axiom here and they whipped me up one; it's a beautiful blend of pomegranate vodka, pomegranate liqeur, cointreau, pineapple juice and champagne. Delicious!The Scenery (Part 2): Yes, I need a part two for this. When you've consumed a martini, had lots of water and have a small bladder like I do... you need to visit the restroom. And Fin has a very interesting restroom. It's unisex, but then it's not. It's kinda weird. Walking out of the stall and running in to a guy coming out of the restroom directly across from you is kinda strange. If he's a catch, this could be a good thing. If you're walking out of the stall with your finger in your nose AND he's a catch... not so good. Again, I'm not saying any of this happened to me!Overall, it was a wonderful experience. To quote my friend, "Fin was awesome".  I believe that my presence was a very important factor to the equation. I'm giving it four stars (should be 4.5) because I didn't have any REAL sushi, so I don't know how fresh or delicious it is. Some thing that I will definitely do is go back to try it and will update my review then. YOU should absolutely go to Fin Sushi. Something you should probably not do, though, is bring someone with you who conveniently forgets their wallet when the check arrives...
<review# 1227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2011,6/20/2011,462,279,20,14,12>If you've already fallen in love with Angry Dog, you can stop here.  There's nothing I can say that you don't already know.If you have no idea why a dog might be so angry, please continue for FAQs:Q:  Is Angry Dog a restaurant?A:  Nope.  Angry Dog is a bar that serves food.Q:  Is the food at Angry Dog the best food in town?A:  Nope.  But it's damn fine bar food served with cold beer and by competent staff.Q:  Does Angry Dog have a vegetarian/healthy option on their menu.A:  French fries are vegetarian, right?  And you can take your bun off your burger if you're watching your waist line.Q:  Can I bring my kids to Angry Dog?A:  You can but they're likely to bring home an unwanted education in nightlife etiquette.  Angry Dog is a bar.  People drink in bars.  Drinking leads to cussing.  And groping.  (maybe that's just me)My favorite thing about Angry Dog is that it's a neighborhood bar that serves greasy food that'll give you a cocktail sponge for the evening.  It's dark, a little dirty and completely indifferent to meeting any expectation that doesn't stop at wanting a cold beer and a burger.  If you can handle what it's willing to give, you'll come out on top.
<review# 1228,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2010,6/19/2011,610,180,3,6,4>The bf and I were in the H-mart area looking for some Korean food for dinner before we did some grocery shopping.  We see this restaurant and I tell him, "Oh maybe they serve Korean Fried Chicken"  Him: KOREAN FRIED CHICKEN????!!!!!Me: Well, maybeeeeeeeeeeeeHim: LETS GO!!!!!Well, they didn't have Korean fried chicken but they had something else!It was literally chicken kal bi.  They bring out cabbage, chicken, rice cake, sweet potato with a spicy sauce and cook it in front of you.  I suggest eating the sweet potato and rice cake first because later, they'll make fried rice for you with the remaining ingredients left in your "frying pan".  You also get 3 sides - kimchi, daikon, and kimchi in water.  They finish everything off with a sweet Korean tea that cleanses your pallet.  You pay $14.88 per person.  Unfortunately it isn't all you can eat but the amount of food they give you is just enough to fill you up.  You also get to choose your level of spiciness - regular spicy or extra spicy.The staff was extremely nice and helpful.  We're not Korean and we had no idea what to do or expect but they explained everything to us.  The manager had indicated this type of dish and cooking style is popular in Korea as well as in California and that they were the first in Texas!  They have only been opened a month but business has been good.The layout was cool.  You could sit in a chair or Japanese style on the ground (they give you a pillow to sit on) with your shoes off.  I saw this guy walk around with a stick flipping the shoes around so that they're easy to slip into once you're ready to leave.  There are also a bunch of tv's around with Korean pop music videos playing.  So why only 4 stars and not a 5?  That's the harsh critic in me.  Everything was tasty but I only got to experience ONE flavor because everything is cooked in the same sauce.  I wish they provided a small soup or the boiled egg soup they serve at other restaurants so I could take a break from the taste every so often.  We suggested adding scrambled eggs to the fried rice and the manager thought that was a good idea so hopefully they'll add that as well.
<review# 1229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,6/18/2011,3760,1373,17,21,20>You're not in Houston, San Fan, or even Brooklyn, you're in a cool big building near the freeway, on the outskirts of Deep Ellum, that has an art gallery space, a full coffee bar, and a shadowy room with couches for live music or conversation.  The cool guys that seemed to be running things were handsome, professional, friendly and arty: one more muscly with tattoos and the other more fit LA emo with a beard.   They told us MoKAH was a non profit space and community run.It's both clean and hip, and I'm really excited to find this place.$5 got us a large iced coffee and a quadrapule espresso on ice with the some extra recommendations from the emo guy.Hours will expand soon to include evening.
<review# 1230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2010,6/17/2011,608,886,,7,3>The best of the best of sushi restaurants in this area that's for sure.  Not only is the restaurant super clean, which is an added bonus - the service is very friendly and I couldn't be more happier with the variety of dishes they serve as well as the thick slices of fish you get.  The owners are so very nice and they always make sure you enjoy your visit or they'll definitely make sure you will next time around.  The hot tea and water keeps coming and there's never a time where I had to wave the waitress over to get a re-fill.  They are very attentive and always have a smile on their face.They have a full menu of rolls and noodles and teriyaki dishes you can order, but they also have a yakitori menu as well (oh how I missed delicious yakitori!)  I've pretty much tried everything on the menu that I normally like and I haven't had one bad experience - and I might add that I come here at least twice a month.  The Agedashi Tofu is a great appetizer, along with ordering a couple of their yakitori dishes.  Then you can go on to ordering their sashimi.  Their hamachi is so smooth and buttery like that I know they have the best quality of fresh fish.  The Udon is also a good dish to order and it is served in a cute tea-like looking pot and is served hot, not lukewarm or cold - so you know it was just made (unlike other places where you realize the order was ready but they just let it sit there to cool down).As other yelpers have said, things do add up and you realize your bill is a hefty one, but it's well worth it.  It's nice to splurge every once in a while, not every week - or you may think too much about how much money you're spending, and then you won't be able to enjoy your meal to its fullest.
<review# 1231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/25/2010,6/16/2011,194,245,8,10,6>I just started getting my eyebrows threaded this year and I was under the impression that I needed to stick with one person all the time. Then one day I looked like I got botox injections from my "lady" and I'm all like what the heck am I supposed to do now? Then you lovely Yelpers helped me out, and I took a trip down good ole MacArthur to the Hightower Salons where India Eyebrow Threading is located. No clue what the ladies name was, I just new that my unibrow had to go and boy did she do a fine job. Walked right in, 10 minutes, $10, done. She was very good about asking me what I wanted, letting me see, and cleaning me up. They even gave me a small xmas present of earrings and hairclips AND a 40% off coupon for next time. Hellz yeah! Will def be going back!
<review# 1232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2011,6/15/2011,132,558,2,6,3>BYOB... I'm just sayin!Now, let's talk about some hawt food... I asked for hot and there was a moment when the O my gawd hot... maybe I caught a lump o peppers... wooo baby. See I like to sweat when I eat my Asian chow... hot I tell them, make me CRY DAMN YOU!!!I did taste the difference in the Pad Thai and I actually liked it. I equate it with home cooking and how different people put a pinch of this or that... but on the good side. I don't like sweet foods, so this was nice. I also recommend the "fresh rolls" which are more a two person serving... too much for lunch and now I have that roll hang on top O my jean belt...Thai iced tea was a similar experience as the pad thai in terms of spices. I could tell they added something else, but hell if I know what. Just pour me that caffeine in the glass and pass it over here. The lunch portions were sizable, cooking was a bit slow (with no one in the place)... I think they cook one plate at a time. Big boo boo - salad in a cup, = iceberg lettuce, sloppy tomato and runny sauce...how I hate iceberg... the nasty worthless lettuce of all.I was just lucky that everything else was better than that! I'll be back Thai Thai... and you'd better make me cry. Now I need to go exercise off this spare tire...
<review# 1233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,6/14/2011,147,117,5,6,5>My second voyage on the SS RD, was even better than the first...if that is even possible. This is a great place for what we did last night, a family birthday dinner. We all shared and got to try a ton of different stuff from their stellar menu. I wanted to order everything. We started off with an order of the quac dip and pimento dip, that come together, with chips. It was so good, we ordered another. I had the Wild Mushroom Meatloaf, because I can't NOT order meatloaf if it is on the menu. And outside of my dear sweet mother's meatloaf, it was the best I've had. So tender, with giant chunks of mushrooms looming throughout, and sitting in a sweet style Worcester sauce. My meatloaf rode bitch between wilted spinach and some mashed taters, It was like the front seat of Heaven's pick up truck. Leigh F, rolled with the Rainbow roll(yup, they have sushi AND meatloaf, on the same menu) and the greatest side salad of all time. I don't know what the dressing was, but it was light and tangy, very refreshing. Pops went with the Ruebenesque Sandwich, which is a dream for me, cause i like all of the things that go into a Reuben, besides the sour crap. At R and D, they sub cole slaw for it, boom, I am in. It was a great mixture of tastes and textures. Momma had the Asian Chicken Chop Salad, and it was VERY GOOD, it had all of the usual suspect ingredients of an Asian salad, with extra noodles, all in a lettuce shell. Now, we get to the star of the show, my Sister and Bro-in-law, split the Carnitas Sandwich, which is what I had on my first visit. First of all, it is massive, and the taste is just as big as the great beast itself. Roasted pork shoulder, with lettuce, tomato, some sort of cream sauce, and avocado, piled HIGH. And it is served with a Carnitas Sauce, that is smokey and almost like BBQ, for dipping. Use it, and all of your wildest dreams will come true. The service is second to none, our man Paul, took such good care of us, it was like we were his only table. The place is very nice, but not so nice, that you can't go casual. It is a bit pricey, but worth it, we will be back to try more dishes. It takes a lot, to get me interested in going back and trying new things just based on a couple. I am impressed, Russ and Dangle(made up names for R and D)
<review# 1234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,6/13/2011,263,343,3,6,3>I had a business lunch invitation, and was given the option of where to go, obviously, if you're reading this review, I chose Oceanaire.  It is, in my opinion, the best seafood restaurant with the largest variety of fresh fish in Dallas.  It's pricey, but you get what you pay for.  I had the mahi mahi topped with crab on a sri ra ch beurre blanc sauce; it was spectacular.  The others in my party had the crab cakes, A+, Salmon, good if not spectacular, and the crab cake sliders, good.  Overall it's my favorite place to eat seafood in Dallas, and when I get invitations to lunch, it's where I usually choose to go.  Otherwise, I'm too cheap to go eat there myself!
<review# 1235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2011,6/12/2011,371,80,,13,10>Went here for the first time on Saturday of Superbowl weekend To Watch the UFC fight and I had a blast!!!!!! I Love this place!! The staff and employees are extremely nice and I thought the service was great! It was a super super busy night and my glass was never empty!  The food was good too! We had caesar salad and an extra yummy burger but everything on the menu looked good! They also have pitcher's, buckets, and really good specials! There's a nice big bar area you can sit in with TV's, or there's another room with more TV's and air hockey and pool..the very back room is non-smoking so if you are worried about choking on cigarette smoke they have a special spot for ya! They also have giant Jenga and  a DJ was there the night we went!  I'm def looking forward to coming back here in the summer to watch the big  screen from the porch! Can't wait! This is one of my new fave places in Addison! Yay!;)
<review# 1236,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2011,6/11/2011,66,80,3,7,4>Whoa! I was so surprised to see how Mango's has stepped up their game especially with their service.  Stopped in today to get my fix of their crunchy chicken & avocado spring rolls and a rice plate.  The spring rolls were awesome as always and I even noticed that they served the peanut sauce warm which is how it should be.  My lunch date and I were splitting the BBQ pork rice plate and we both ordered a fried egg each to top off our dish.  My date also requsted a small bowl of broth since she was feening for something soupy. Everything was served just right .. and I mean EVERYTHING.  We were served our spring rolls first.  Our entree came just in time as we finished the rolls.  Our server brought out two plates for us to share the rice dish without us having to ask.  The sunny side up eggs were cooked separately so we didn't have to worry about splitting it up.  We were so excited about our food that we forgot about the soup but our server didn't forget.  She brought out two bowls of broth and two soup spoons.  I didn't ask for a soup but I sure appreciated it.  And there was no charge!It looks like they have added the additional staff that they needed to keep the place running efficiently.  They also remodeled and opened a connecting sushi restaurant right next door conveniently called Mango's Sushi.  As we were checking out, the lady told us we could order sushi on either side even though the restaurants were distinctly separated.  Very cool concept!
<review# 1237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2011,6/10/2011,232,63,4,6,5>This is a really cool venue, lots of space for big parties. I went to an event here with about 150 other people and it was never too crowded. When you first get to the place its is kind of weird, if they have the main gate closed it seems like you are trying to enter Bin Laden's compound. Once you get in there is a large open area outside with offices on the ground floor which people apparently work in until 6:00pm. At the back of the open area there is a two story building, there isn't much on the first floor but when you take the steep staircase up to the second floor it opens up into a large room. This main room is nicely done, very spacious, large windows, wooden floors and ceilings. This is a great place to throw parties and events, I am looking forward to attending more of them here.
<review# 1238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2010,6/9/2011,273,583,6,7,7>I lured a few unsuspecting people to the Slip Inn for my birthday celebration. They thank me for it. When I decided this to be my venue of choice a few people wholeheartedly agreed and then I got a few nervous nods, and a few "I've heard of that place! I've never been!" Sweet. Bumping music, friendly and fast bartenders and tons of friendly people to shake your groove thang with. I danced with more people than I can shake a stick at but sadly enough, I can't tell you who they were. I really wish I could remember some. It's going to be packed, its going to be loud, but it's going to be fun. Here's to the slip inn, and here's to having someone help you slip out!
<review# 1239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2010,6/8/2011,895,667,8,11,13>Oh gee, I'm writing a 5 star review for Deep Ellum.  Bet none of you saw that coming.  Hehe!I have visited and have lived in Deep Ellum off and on for years.  Lived here in my mid twenties when the area was hoping and fun.  RIP the Club Clearview/Blind Lemon Days...and when I could go out at 10pm and still function the next day.  : (I moved away just as the area was starting to get a little shady.  Then moved back almost three years ago when the area was pretty dead.  Didn't faze me because I still had my fav places like Angry Dog, July Alley, etc, and was happy to see that the crime had diminished too.Fast forward to present day, and I'm happy to see the new places that have opened over the past year or so, and I love the new found energy on Elm Street with almost every building being occupied.  DE won't ever be what it was, and that's okay.  I have those memories and change is good.  I know that Deep Ellum isn't for everyone (just like Uptown is not for me), but it's a fun neighborhood.  I love bumping into friends when I'm out and about and meeting new people from the area.  It's a fun community!  I enjoy having Deep Ellum in my back yard, so to speak.
<review# 1240,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2010,6/7/2011,725,843,7,9,10>I like the trailer park better, but where would they put it in Dallas? I'm sure Uptown folks would love to have it back up to Turtle Creek. Or we could put it by the Trinity AFTER they get the levees, toll road and park complete. So many places in need of the trailer park atmosphere and so little time. I suppose that's why Torchy's didn't wait for a prime outdoor location. And I have to admit the place on Forest Lane is pretty cute. There were plenty of tables even though the line was almost out the door. Seems they cleared by the time you went through the line. And the tacos taste EXACTLY like the ones in Austin, which is good because I effing adore them. I had the Republican (smoked j sausage and stuff) and the Trailer Park (fried chicken)--trashy. Hmmm...trashy trailerparky Republicans. Several spring to mind. And by trashy I mean with queso. Get a flour tortilla for that one, the corn won't stand up to the pressure. Munchkin had the Democrat (brisket) and the Brushfire (jerk chicken and mango)--which was so hot even I had problems eating it. They leave the seeds in the grilled jalapenos. The soon to disappear Katie C. had the Democrat and the Crossroads which were mostly briskety and she said they were very good. Let's wait and see if she does a review.... I love love love the black cherry soda on tap. I chugged three glasses there and had one to go. They also have creme soda and rootbeer on tap. And I hear--from Diana P. who was also there-- that the fried cookies were amazing. I've had them in Austin and if they are the same then yes, they are. THEY NEED A TACO TRUCK!!!
<review# 1241,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,6/6/2011,511,139,1,24,8>There will be, I promise, updates to this review, as my wife and I are newly prepping to move in to SSOL.Therefore this review, in particular is about my experience with the staff and facilities as a new person asking lots of questions and generally digging for answers.Staff: 5 starsFacility: 5 starsknowing there must be *something* out of place I haven't seen yet: -1 star.... If I don't find something I'll switch to 5.STAFFSpent 3 days in a row, along with my wife, meeting with Marcie and Jessica as potential tenants. Ton's of questions etc... And with over 170+ floor plans, we ended up having to physically see quite a few units as they are all pretty different.Both the agents were incredibly nice -- great vibe.  We actually met 3 others, but spent most of our time pestering these two with questions and seeing this and that. They freely gave of their time to answer questions we had, which was really nice.  I never felt like they were trying to push us through to a sale, as much as trying to get us up to speed with all the options that were available. So 5 stars to them -- and to the staff in general as *everyone* was graciously smiling, opening doors, and working to be helpful both to us and the people we observed around us.FACILTIYWow.  They really have a TON of options here. As mentioned above, 170+ floorplans with a lot of variations.  The rooftop has a nice pool, sauna, and promenade area to stroll about, along with picnic tables and grills -- all overlooking the Dallas skyline.  It's about the size of a football field....The original maple floors are in great shape and have been left as they were, which covers about 1/2 the building as far as I can tell.  Floor and walls are mostly concrete -- I'm not expecting to hear neighbors, except when conversing with them, which I hear actually happens quite frequently!Pretty good fitness room, library, atrium gallery, business center, artists corridor, yada yada yada.  Also in the building is "Opening Bell" coffee shop, "Absinthe Lounge" and some other business -- pretty cool.There's a great creative vibe here. Artists, photogs, creative types etc..., they'll also let you modify your unit pretty much as you want, just let them know and approve extensive plans. Price per square foot seems to be about 1$, so the value is really good. As more of the neighborhood comes up, this place is going to blow up even bigger!So all I have to go on at this point is staff and what I have observed -- I like it a lot!
<review# 1242,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2010,6/5/2011,68,94,3,14,7>I went to several Zumba classes here with a friend, and we always have so much fun and sweat GALLONS! This is one of the only workouts where you can tell you are burning a ton of calories, but you are having too much fun to complain about how out of breath you are! The instructors are very nice and easy to follow. Since they've opened, they have consistently added new classes, so there is really something for everybody! Even though they are a fairly new business in town, they are still very generous toward community causes, which is great to see. They eagerly donated free dance lessons to the raffle for Paws in the City, the pet rescue organization where I volunteer! This is not just a Zumba studio - the instructors are extremely skilled competitive dancers, and they offer classes in many Latin styles, such as Samba and Salsa, and other styles, such as ballet, hip hop, and jazz. They also have classes for kids. Oh, and they have belly dance classes which sound like so much fun...I really need to try one of those! Check this place out if you are looking for somewhere to try out (or learn) your awesome dance skills!
<review# 1243,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2011,6/4/2011,43,52,3,3,3>So to celebrate the launch date of our new web site, P2 (short for PequenoPicadillo) and I made our way over to Bryan St. to visit a taco place we heard about from trusted friends (that means I found some obscure review online and decided it looked decent). After almost missing our turn and finally finding the place (located in the corner of a parking lot behind a small convenience store), we pulled up to a parking lot that was blocked off by orange cones and filled with sound equipment and cameras. We parked on the street and asked a couple of crew members what was going on, and they said "We're filming a commercial", to which I said, "Oh cool, for the taco place?" (it was the only place around) and they replied yes, for the taco place.Upon entering El Guero, it was quite obvious the crew had been pulling our legs -- this place obviously is not ready for a commercial-type audience (the inside is so small there was room for about 8 people and the kitchen) and probably don't have the budget to do anyway. It turns out that NBC's 'Chase' had been filming, or was still filming, or might be filming soon -- the police and crew were very unclear on what was happening.Anyway, to the tacos. I ordered two al pastors, one tripa, one cabeza and one lengua, and P2 ordered two al pastors and two fajita tacos. I started with the cabeza and lengua tacos, which tasted basically the same (so maybe I got lengua twice, I don't know, I didn't watch) -- soft and tender, but a little under-seasoned. The tripa I had was soft but fairly chewy, to the point where I knew exactly what I was eating and almost wasn't able to enjoy it, but maybe it was just an off day for the cook.The real star of the show was the al pastor meat. Perfectly seasoned and so delicious I actually cried out, "I'm in love!" in the little shop, I would recommend these to anyone that wanted their mind blown. These were straight up the perfect tacos. Throw a little green sauce (or red if you're feeling super spicy), pour on the lime juice and you have the perfect last meal of my life.This was a great little shop and I honestly can't wait to go back for another go (I have big plans for me and their choriqueso). The staff was super friendly, the prices were very fair, the food was good and apparently it's a popular place to film TV shows. Definitely a five star joint.
<review# 1244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2010,6/3/2011,220,341,9,31,14>Last night, my wine group dined at Eden. There were ten of us, and that is a huge group for this little restaurant. Chef Karen and her staff could not have been more accommodating. Every step from making reservations to the billing at the end made me adore this restaurant. Of course, the best part is the phenomenal food! Before we ordered, beautiful baskets of homemade breads and muffins appeared on the table. There were all kinds of different goodies ranging ranging from zucchini bread, carrot muffins, to banana nut bread. It was such a nice change from the french bread or rolls that one comes to expect when dining at a a restaurant. We shared several appetizers to start. The spicy pecan crusted shrimp were incredible. Even the non-seafood eater at our table had one and she was dazzled. They were THAT good! We also enjoyed a cheese and fruit tray that was quite lovely with a nice variety of cheeses (smoked gouda, brie, etc). The fruit that adorned the tray consisted of cantaloupe, pineapple slices, blackberries, blueberries, raspberries, and grapes. A selection of interesting crackers accompanied the fruit and cheese tray. It was all so lovely! It was so hard to decide on an entree because everything looked so amazing. I settled on the asparagus/artichoke quiche...one of the four quiche selections offered. The quiche is served with either a soup or salad and I opted for the latter. The salad consisted of heirloom tomatoes, a real beet slice (not pickled), enoki mushrooms, and several types of gorgeous lettuce that were elegantly plated to look like art. It was almost too pretty to eat! It arrived with the house dressing...a delicious creamy artichoke...absolutely dreamy! The quiche was the BEST quiche I've ever had, and that is saying a lot because I've made some fabulous quiches. This one was perfectly flavored and very custardy, but light at the same time. To die for! I also had a bite of my friend's spinach crab quiche and it was amazing as well. Sugar Bear had a steak. It was quite good. The accompanying mashed potatoes and seasonal veggies were also really tasty. He really enjoyed his entree. Several at the table ordered the prime rib...it was huge and got raves. I'm not a red meat person, but everyone's slabs of cow looked delish! Desserts are another area where this restaurant just shines! I'm not a fan of sweets, but I decided to go ahead and order my own dessert (a rare event). I had the apricot/raspberry cobbler with ice cream. It was DIVINE! I only wish that I had not had the ice cream with it. Since I don't like 'sweet' things, having the cobbler alone would have been a better choice for me. Sugar Bear ordered the lemon blueberry tart. He thought it was one of the best desserts he'd ever had...WOW! That comes from a man who knows desserts. A friend of ours ordered the bread pudding with whiskey sauce. It was absolutely sinful. I'm going to beg Sugar Bear to split that with me next time, but I doubt I'll be able to tear him away from the lemon blueberry tart. Eden is BYOB. The food here is amazing, so it is a wonderful place to crack open one of the nicer bottles from your cellar. Bring a nice port or dessert wine for your final course, and you will leave a happy camper!
<review# 1245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2011,6/2/2011,251,161,4,10,8>Korean Tacos!!   Yay, I finally got to try them and right here in Plano, no less!Korean BBQ + Warm Corn Tortillas =  Manna from HeavenI was so excited I finally found this place... it's tucked away in the Prestonwood Park shopping mall at the intersection between Midway & Plano Parkway and after circling the parking lot  a couple of time I spotted it.I ordered one of each of the bulgogi, galbi, dweji and only added onion and cilantro for flavor and  a touch of lemon for extra zestiness! The tacos are tasty and filling...great light lunch with so many awesome flavors blending together.This is fusion at its best!The service is very welcoming and cordial and I did not have to wait longer than 10 minutes for my tacos.This is a great place for getting some good food when you are in a rush or need a pick me up kind of a snack.
<review# 1246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2011,6/1/2011,549,363,22,13,10>So, as many know, I'm firmly in the Taco Joint camp. Lurve me some Corey and love the Migas tacos. Well, I've cheated and *drool* I am not ashamed.We woke up Sunday morning'ish, moving slow, and in the need for protein. So, off to Taco Joint... not, they're closed. Or Fuzzy's... meh. So, hearing about the "new location" (new to me either way since it was to be our first time to Good to Go), we ventured on down Peavy. We nearly passed it but I noticed out of the corner of my eye a packed parking lot with fancy cars. Yep, this must be the place!I love the decor. It's rustic enough that it fits the neighborhood, yet fancy enough to feel cool. I love the idea of a terrific coffee bar to go along with your tacos-- and they have great coffee! We had two drip coffees but the folk behind us got a latte complete with latte art! So beautiful, and so not expected at this lil' joint. Like everyone says, it's busy busy, but don't be shy! If there's a chair, you get to sit in it with your new, fellow taco eatin' chums. We ordered 3 tacos to share. One was a build yer own variety of eggs, bacon, potato and cheese. It was good, but kind of like ordering a beer at Victor Tangos if ya get me. The second was the SOCO (Sloan's Creek breakfast sausage, biscuit, cream gravy, potato and egg). OMG a sausage biscuit n' gravy in a taco. It was fantastic... would have been really great but the stoopit monkey I married dumped an entire container of green salsa on top of it and all I tasted was mush and green salsa. Fool, I'll fix his little red wagon. (He's Canadian, only Canadians would think putting green salsa on biscuits and gravy sounds like a good idea.) I digress.The third was both of our favorite: the Paris, Texas. Grilled hangar steak, spinach, egg, and charred tomato hollandaise. Alleluia cheeze n' rice. We were standing in line and I noticed this skinny girl wearing a running outfit sitting with what looked like her running club, face first, scarfing down a taco (and I was thinking "get it, girrrl"). Well, now I realize she was eating the Paris, Texas because I found myself doing the exact thing. Only I wasn't the skinny girl wearing a running outfit, I was the plumpy girl wearing hollandaise on my chin. Heh. Whoops.
<review# 1247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2010,5/31/2011,106,107,6,5,4>After a somewhat disappointing experience at Off the Bone in Fort Worth it took me a while to try Off the Bone in Dallas.  But make no mistake folks, even though these two establishments share the same name, they are NOT AT ALL related.  And in case you're ever taken to one of these places tied up in the back of a trunk, you'll know if you're at the Dallas location because the ribs actually fall off the bone.  I'm not sure where our Off the Bone brethren call home, but their BBQ roots seem to trace back to Kansas City rather than somewhere in the Lone Star State, which is mighty fine by me.  What this means is that the meat is tender and moist with a faint hint of smoke and the sauce is thick, spicy and good enough to drink.  It also means that they've actually paid attention to the sides (which are often overlooked in Texas BBQ) so make sure you hook up some baked beans and blue cheese coleslaw when you go.If that last paragraph didn't sell you, just smile real purdy like at owner Dwight Harvey and ask for a sample of their ribs (I've NEVER seen this done at any BBQ joint before, but it was a welcome surprise).  You don't even need teeth to get the meat off these babies.  Just hold the bone over your open mouth and let gravity do its thing.The only downside to Off the Bone has nothing to do with the food, but rather the fact that there's no indoor seating, which makes it a tough place to go during the summer.  Also, the area is pretty ghetto.  Even though I could see my car from where we ate I was still worried that I'd be missing a stereo when I returned.  I'm excited to say that Dallas finally has a 5 star BBQ experience.  Forget Sonny Bryan's, Mike Anderson's or Peggy Sue's, Off the Bone has come to save the day.
<review# 1248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2010,5/30/2011,188,256,11,12,8>Prior to last night, my 7-months-pregnant wife and I were totally set on naming our unborn son "Max W.," but now we cannot stop thinking that "Pyles W." has an awfully nice ring to it.In my mind, there has always been 3 premier chefs in Dallas: Dean Fearing, Stephan Pyles, and Kent Rathbun.  Every Dallasite should have the pleasure of sitting at the table at each of these culinary visionaries at least once in their life.  Last night, I finally completed the culinary trinity for myself, and I am a better man because of it.In short, and before I ramble on and on about this food, let me just say that Stephan Pyles and his upstart, tatoo-branded, culinary mastermind executive chef, Matt McCallister, are not simply "cooking dinner" in these kitchens, their dishes are adventures through layers or flavor, texture, smell, temperature, and color. So, for those of you with short attention spans (like me), you can just stop reading and book your reservation right now.  You are in for a truly extraordinary  dining experience.**************************************************­************************Now the food:For the sake of time, let me just point you to the things that were not only delicous, but have elevated my understanding of what food can be, the things that I WOULD NOT MISS if you have the opportunity to dine here.Here they are, in order of appearance:Blue Corn Muffins with Creamed Butter and Red Sea Salt (not only complimetary, but also corn-tastic)Tamale Tart with Roast Garlic Custard, Peekytoe Crab and Smoked Tomato Sauce (Just writing that gave me chills)Ahi Tuna Cerviche with Jicama and Grilled Orange (WTF is a Jicama? No idea. Still blew me away, and I don't even like fish)Braised "On-the-Bone" Short Rib with Oxtail-Creamer Pea Marmalade, Frittered Okra and Goat Cheese Chimichurri (This one begs for commentary. The "On-the-Bone" bit is in parentheses because it is so near falling off the bone, it can hardly be named so. Never before have I had such a whirlwind of rich meaty flavors, contrasted with the earthy pea marmalade, the subtle creaminess of the goat cheese, with the crisp of frittered okra. Essentially, this is the edible Mona Lisa)Warm Banana-Macadamia Nut Bread Pudding with Rum Carameland Toasted Coconut Ice Cream (They had me at "banana")Chocolate Bourbon-Pecan Cake with Crème Fraiche Ice Creamand Spicy Candied Bacon (Again, requires commentary.  Everyone nowadays is trying to shake things up with bacon. From cupcakes, to cookies, to donuts. But the crème fraiche ice cream with spicy candied bacon is without a doubt one of the most exciting things I have ever eaten, the standard for all other bacon-adorned desserts)**************************************************­*************************Amazing restaurant, superb service. Probably at least ties Fearing's for the best restaurant in the city.UPDATE: We have settled on "Max Pyles W." Crisis averted.
<review# 1249,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/17/2010,5/29/2011,137,147,4,5,5>Lovers & Inwood can be the Pricing Bermuda Triangle of Dallas dining...several places here are on the expensive side but pretty good (City Cafe To Go comes to mind).  Rex's is very fresh seafood and, yes, you can spend $20 on your lunch without even trying.  I had the fish tacos: enjoyed them but I can't say they were mind bendingly good. yelp.com/biz_photos/CfeU Came with pico and remoulade sauce.  If you order them, go with flour tortillas. I had one corn and one flour, and the corn tortilla tore when I first picked it up: had to eat with a fork.  The roasted broccoli side was pretty good: tasted like it was seasoned with a little olive oil and had sesame seeds on it. Would try the slaw as others say it is good.Had a cup of fish stew also: nice bits of fish with some stewed tomatoes in a tasty broth. The accompanying toasted bread crisps were perfect. yelp.com/biz_photos/CfeUService was very nice and helpful.  Offered and made me a to-go tea which I always like. Next table over: the guy didn't finish all his salmon and the waitress asked: "you didn't like it?  I can't charge you for that", and he responded: "no it was just two large pieces and I could only eat one".  Pretty cool of her to offer that.Two annoying things: had to valet park at 1:30 (it is complimentary, but still have to tip).  Also, there is a door chime (sounds like an electronic clock chime) every time someone opens the front door, and I must have heard that blasted thing 100 times or more.  Someone needs to Andy Samberg it and throw it on the ground.I'll be back to try either a fish sandwich or one of the fish entrees, and maybe pick up some of their frozen chowda to take home.
<review# 1250,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2010,5/28/2011,73,357,3,6,4>This place has been done to death but I don't care, I was reminded last night how much I like it.  The last time I had been to this location, I was a petulant teenager and none too thrilled to be at this family-style institution (or really to be seen with my family at all.)  I have since been to another Babe's (in Sanger where the waitress sang over the loud speaker while serving food which awesome and weird) but last night was my first trek in many moons to the Garland location.  It was a belated father's day dinner and I -for once in my "adult" life- was paying for dinner for all of us.  So boy howdy was a I glad to be eating somewhere so affordable.  SO much food for the price, too.  Delicious fried chicken (unsurprisingly) but I was all over the turnip greens which is weird since I rarely if ever eat greens.  That salad is weird though- the waitress asked if we wanted some and we hemmed and hawed and she was like "it comes with the meal, some people just don't like it" which I can understand.  I ate mine but it is very sweet and lacks any vegetables other than lettuce. Biscuits are heavenly, we ended up taking like 6 home. SO let it be known, your teenagers may be embarrassed to be seen with you here but they may grow up and come back one day and buy you dinner to make up for it!
<review# 1251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2010,5/27/2011,55,65,7,7,5>One perk to living in "Bali" Ranch is the number of quality Indian restaurants to choose from. Spice 'N Rice wins the "bang for your buck" award. Their $8 combo gets you 1 meat entree, 2 vegetable entrees and naan or rice. Easily enough food for 2 people.BUTTERED CHICKEN: 5 stars. I could order a naan and just the buttered chicken sauce and be in heaven. ORDER THIS!MALAI KOFTA: 5 stars. If you are a vegetarian, fear not, you can still enjoy the buttered chicken sauce with vegetable kofta balls instead of chicken. This dish is awesome!CHANA MASALA: 4 stars. Quality chickpea recipe, but with a LOT of oil, and VERY HOT! It will slowly burn a hole through your digestive tract for the next 24 hours.BEEF CURRY: 2 stars. I don't know why I decided to order cow at an Indian restaurant. That's kind of like going to Friday mass during Lent and eating a steak. Anyway, this dish is not good. And it shouldn't be. Cows don't belong in Indian cuisine.NAAN: 5 stars. Don't order rice. Get naan. I promise you won't regret it.FINAL THOUGHTS: I am willing to overlook the fact that this restaurant is hot and smelly. The food is that good, and the value is unbeatable. TO GO seems to be the best way, and they pack the food very well.
<review# 1252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,5/26/2011,180,156,3,7,5>I am absolutely infatuated with this place. Excellent variety of beers with over 20 on tap, including great Texas beers. 512 One is a must-try beer, take my word for it. You'll love it, honest. The food is unbelievably delicious. I spent $100 during happy hour in an attempt to try everything. Sadly I ran out of money. Their daily pâtés are unique so keep your eye on their daily specials' chalkboard. My favorite is the egg pâté.   You can't really go wrong with anything else on the menu but I recommend the bone marrow, the sausage, and the cheese plates. Servers are very knowledgeable and friendly!Valet is available but I've never had a problem finding free street parking (more money saved for food and beer).
<review# 1253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2010,5/25/2011,221,354,22,17,12>I've passed by Big Mama's way too many times.  The only reason I never ate there is because I wanted someone to be with me for the experience (good or bad).Lucky for me, a friend is in town and he says, "I want to eat chicken and waffles, whats a good place?"   A light turned on in my head and my eyes twinkled as I remembered Big Mama's.We ventured out on this mild weathered day (gotta love TX!) with food dancing in our head. When we arrived, there are two drive thru lanes and a walk up window.  We stare at the menu trying to figure it all out.  Since you order at the window,  we told the young lady we were confused.  She ask what we wanted and we said, "chicken and waffles, of course!"  She then ask what kind of chicken since there was so many variations.  She was VERY nice and friendly!  She even called us "baby." lolWe got the 3 piece (leg, thigh, breast) with a waffle.  It comes with everything you need.  Plenty of syrup and butter AND you can even get KOOL-AID to drink!!!!!!!!I don't know what it was about the chicken.  It had pizazz!.  It tasted so GD good!  Pair that with the waffle, and I should have gotten arrested for indecent exposure.  The meal was fairly inexpensive, really good tasting and service was awesome,  There are a couple tables out if you want to eat there.All in all this is a must eat place if you are in Dallas.
<review# 1254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2010,5/24/2011,191,168,1,28,13>While looking for a bakery for what was going to be a small wedding ceremony (30-40) guests, I was surprised that some of the recognizable bakeries wouldn't even consider giving me a tasting of their products - just wanted me to pick out a picture, flavor, and I had to pick up the cake myself.  Yes, High Society was one of those that gave me the shrug and they lose me as a regular customer.  Not Frosted Art.  They set up a Saturday appt for us + 1 and we met to sample 12 of their fantastic cakes and come up with a design.  The master herself, Bronwen Weber (yep - you've seen her on Food Network) created a beautiful image of what the cake would look like and Melissa, Sales Mgr, was so helpful in describing each flavor for us.  I knew they were getting my business before I left the shop so I gave the $200 deposit. Shoot to Monday when I come home to find my "better half" had decided to ghost.  Yep - the day my wedding dress arrives he moves out while I'm at work.  I called Melissa the next day to tell her that there had been a change of plans and was told that since I had a deposit down I could just have another type of cake created.  I agreed, but later that day Melissa calls to tell me that she discussed my situation with Bronwen and they decided to refund my deposit.  Wow - finally something nice in what has turned out to be a shit week for me.I will forever give Frosted Art my business and will always give them my highest praise for not just being a great business but for also showing a human side to business and realizing that not only do you have to have a great product but you have to match the quality of that product with customer service.  Let this be your one and only choice for cakes!Thanks to Bronwen, Melissa, and Christine for everything!
<review# 1255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2010,5/23/2011,320,143,9,5,6>Forgive me Father Yelp, for I have sinned.  Gordon Biersch has made me a selfish and terrible person.  I don't want to post this review because I want to hoard Gordon all to myself.GB is the best place to actually watch a game.  When I went completely apesh!t obsessed over the Rangers, I could nervously belly up to the bar alone under the dazzling television, sweat every pitch while being served extreme delicousness, then ever so often, I could stare out of the open aired patio and remind myself there is much to live for if the Rangers were to loose.Food menu offers an amazing selection and includes healthy options.  My current obsession is the seafood cobb salad with crab and shrimp..  Gigantic, hearty, tasty, and still healthy esp if I turn down the sexy pick up lines from the cheese and dressing descriptions on the menu.Beers are exciting to sample.  My girlfriends adore the Martzen because it has sweet hints and doesn't taste like a beer.  I like all the other ones that do taste like beer...the stronger the better. Oh and BTW Father, I also must confess that the Garlic Fries make me steal things. I cannot order these devil fries alone, I am perpetually going to rob other people of them.  I am weak.
<review# 1256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2010,5/22/2011,82,125,12,5,6>Yep, five stars all the way to my own Yelped doom. "Hot tacos, cold beer?" Come on! The only slogan better might be "hot tacos, cold beer, big titties." I rate Fuel City up there with the best of them, but these two places shouldn't be constantly placed side by side in the same review, especially since as a whole, they are totally different concepts. Now... I'm guilty too, but if that's what the people want, that's what they'll get. Atmosphere wise, it depends on the mood. My OCD dictates that I don't go to Fuel City before midnight, as per the shady feel of the place. My lucidity commands accountability and forces me to admit that the picadillo at Fuel City is better tasting. OCD comes in and says maybe, but Rusty is better quality. Now the battle between the Monster OCD and Angel Lucid ensues. I gave both places five stars, so let's let Mr. Schizophrenia come into play. You like Fuel City best, no you like Rusty the best of all. Fuel City, Rusty, Fuel City, Rusty, Fuel City Rusty... Agh, you are Fuelsty's. Have I made my point? Enough Fuel City and Rusty comparisons. Here's my Rusty review, and it will be rusty: $2 Handmade Tacos $2 "We make our own tortillas right here." My OCD doesn't allow me to eat beef and sea food together. I know, what kind of miserable soul can't enjoy a little surf n' turf? It comes with the territory. Master Schizo does allow the chicken and seafood mix, what can I say, he dominates OCD. Yes, I sea* the problem pseudo psychologist. I either have to get a picadillo, a roasted pork and a brisket or the fish taco and two shrimp tac's. My, this is the real me speaking, vote is for the shrimp taco. It kicked my whorey taco ass and became my King. However... the five dollar margaritas became my ho's and the dollar chips n salsa my sluts. So, I guess I'm half way up the taco totem. Make sense?* Pun intended
<review# 1257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2011,5/21/2011,207,393,8,8,5>Easter Brunch Review: Fantastic. I live in north Dallas; my mother in NE Tarrant. She won't drive to Dallas. "It's too far." So she suggested we meet halfway for Easter Brunch. "Great. Half-way is Las Colinas," I thought. "My options are Omni or Four Seasons. I guess it's Ramen noodles for the rest of the month." I searched OpenTable for any other Easter Brunches in Las Colinas and "The Ranch" had one for $33.95 per feed-bagger. Bingo, now I don't have to risk MSG- and sodium-poisoning the rest of April. I'd been to The Ranch for lunch a few times, but never for brunch. Overall, I was very, very pleased with their offering. They spread-out the "stations" - waffles over here, omelets way over there, carving station in that corner, etc. It might sound like a bad idea (ie, too much walkin', not enough gorgin'), but spreading it out meant that it never felt crowded and there really were never any lines to slow you down while you get your grub on. Other than the standard offerings - aforementioned omelets, carvers, etc - they had several stations featuring their menu-styled offerings, such as Mexico-city style street tacos, peel-n-eat shrimp, and smoked salmon. I wanted to make sure I didn't waste valuable stomach real estate on crap like fruit and vegetables, so I previewed the menu before I went. They had 'chicken and waffles,' and I couldn't STFU about it: "Did you know they'll have chicken and waffles? I like chicken and waffles. Do you like chicken and waffles? Let's get some chicken and waffles. Try my chicken and waffles." Fortunately they lived up to my anticipation: The chicken was a deep-fried drummie over a small waffle, with a syrup that tasted honied and spiked with Frank's or Crystal's. Better than Victor Tango's? A run for their money at least. As a bonus (for me, it's my review), there were no kid's stations, unlike Gaylord which is half-full of knee-high PB&J tables. The "Breeder and Crotch Fruit Extravaganza" went to Grandma's instead, I guess. As such there were very few little ankle biters to sample the goods with snot fingers - and put it back for your enjoyment later. Unless you want to pay $33.95 for your three-year-old to eat eggs and watermelon, it's not really kid-friendly cuisine. Oh darn. Service was great. Nicely attended to but not pushy. I know when places have scheduled seatings they tend to rush you out so they can turn it over for the next seating block, but our server let us chill as we drank a few rounds of Texas draft beer, mimosas, Bloody Marys and Margaritas - which mom said it was the best Marg she ever had (Patron Silver, rocks, if it matters).
<review# 1258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2011,5/20/2011,608,438,12,14,12>It's a pretty simple concept.  Pick your rice, meat, then your veggies and you're done.  You also have your choice of sauces which you can experiment after you get your food.  There are 6-7 sauces to choose from and I recommend the Ha Noi Nut sauce (pretty much just like peanut sauce).  Of course, you can experiment here and there with the sauces and test them all.  The possible combinations are endless, but I don't think there's one that I wouldn't like.If picking out your own choices seems a bit daunting they also have ready to order options.  Of those I like the "Old School Bowl."  It's the most traditional of the 4 (or is it 5?) and pretty much their version of bi bim bap.  The bowls come in two sizes, but I think most people would be more than content with the smaller size.  I opted for the large and actually took some home with me, which never happens.The staff is really friendly and patient.  If it's your first time they will walk you through their choices before you order.  They are truly awesome people!
<review# 1259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2010,5/19/2011,129,168,8,10,7>You'll find Ghion Ethiopian Restaurant in a strip mall with a small sign and Ethiopian flag. The decor is simple enough, with posters of Ethiopia that look like they'd come from a travel agency. The overall layout reminds you of a pizza parlor that sells by the slice. You'll get what I mean when you step in. There's a big flat screen TV in the corner which can provide simple entertainment if you're eating alone, which I was on this particular visit.I ordered the kitfo, which is beef with spices and Ethiopian butter, served either cooked or raw. I myself prefer it slightly seared (called "lublub" in Amharic). It is mixed with cheese and some greens, which you typically eat with kocho (bread made from the root of a false banana tree). When I asked if they had kocho, the owner/waiter chuckled and I basically got the impression that kocho is near impossible to come across or to make in the States. Anyways, Ghion serves it with injera, Ethiopia's staple bread made from teff.The kitfo itself was great, and the portions very plentiful. While it was $12.99, I am pretty sure it is supposed to be enough for two people (and in fact, I could only eat about 1/2 of it). Assuming portions are the same for other dishes, I think it is better to come in a party of at least 2.  That makes the price easier to swallow.Their injera though, tastes like it comes from the same place where Addis Ababa Ethiopian Restaurant gets it from (see my other review). I'm not a huge fan of this injera as it tastes a bit too chewy/rubbery. Still, the kitfo itself was quite good.Service was fine, and it seems like the owners are also the cooks/waiters. They warmed up to me when I broke out some of my very limited Amharic to do some ordering. Anyways, nice people and were very curious how I came to know some Amharic.I will be coming back to Ghion. It's good. Just not on Tuesday, cause they're closed on Tuesdays.
<review# 1260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,5/18/2011,70,154,8,12,9>I love meat-filled pockets of goodness.  I'm talking about empanadas, creeper!  I'm so glad I tried Empa Mundo because judging from the other reviews, everyone enjoys a pocket full of meatiness!  I tried the brisket, chicken, and guava n cheese empanadas which were cooked to order!  I got my order in about 5 minutes and it was hot, fresh, and so yummy!  I've said before that I love supporting my local businesses and it's because of the great people that operate them.  This restaurant is no exception!  The owner was an adorable Argentinian native that made me feel like I was family coming to visit.  We felt welcome and it's that kind of treatment that makes me want to see their shop succeed and me to come back for more tasty empanadas!  Viva Empa Mundo!
<review# 1261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2010,5/17/2011,69,136,6,11,7>After losing 20 lbs last year working out vigorously for 3 months straight, I gained all the extra weight back during the period of one year +10 more lbs. Great, 30 lbs total I need to lose AGAIN and zero motivation this time to actually lose the weight. Since I took yoga classes at my local gym and liked it during my workout sessions last year, I figured I would tag along with my sister to her workouts starting with a seven day introductory session for $15. Yoga that I did at the gym, was not yoga. Yoga is more of a connection between your body and mind, and I felt totally at ease and comfortable even though I was clearly the most out of shape there and much of a beginner. I went 4 times out of the 7 day period, and each workout was mind blowing, relaxing, and I came out of there refreshed and ecstatic. My body was slowly forming into a "yogi" mindset.. or I brainwashed myself to think it was. Their beginner "Gentle Waves" was slow paced yet for me, high intensity enough to have me sweating within minutes. They begin with a series of crunches and that would just leave me panting within seconds. I highly recommend Gaia Flow because they aren't just there to help you exercise; they help you by trying to relieve your stress and mind that's been worked hard during the day to dedicate time to yourself, something gym yoga classes hardly do. At the end of each class, the instructor goes around to slowly massage your neck with a peppermint ointment (?) and it's soothing as ever! I'm starting my monthly membership on December 1st (I only signed up 7 days for the second week of November) and hope to see results both in body and mental parts too!
<review# 1262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2011,5/16/2011,109,75,3,9,6>Best sandwich in the city - even better than Subway (incredibly thick sarcasm right there).I love the Corner Market almost as much as I love looking at pictures of french bulldog puppies online to pass the time. Their sandwiches are seriously insane - so much flavor and packed with ingredients. It's also an awesome atmosphere you don't find everywhere in Dallas. It's kind of like a little slice of Austin plopped down on Greenville. However, with that, comes the Austin demeanor of moving a tad slow and lazily. Hence, why I left off one star. The sandwich-making could take a bit, but if you have nowhere to be except for in deliciousness heaven, it's worth waiting for.I'd try the Fireball or the Belmont Chicken for my first go-round. Oh - I just salivated.
<review# 1263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2011,5/15/2011,129,78,6,5,5>YES. YES. YES.Capitol Pub is good for so many things!Happy hour after work for a fantastic beer selection? yes. We play beer roulette with our waitresses a lot and try out their recommendations.Enjoying patio season with a black widow or summer beer and some onion rings on a saturday afternoon? Sure, why not! Stay for dinner and snag a capitol burger or fish and chips.Might as well go back in the morning for some hair of the dog at brunch. Get a spicy bloody mary or bottomless mimosas to go with your capitol omelette (with bacon, not sausage, for me) and enjoy those real country-style home fries.Then wander on over to Barcadia for more Sunday Funday with some jenga or ski ball.
<review# 1264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,5/14/2011,105,217,5,7,6>The Bears decided to venture forth to Kenny's Wood Fired Grill to celebrate our "Porkteenth" anniversary, mainly due to all the favorable hype from our fellow Yelpers.  We were NOT disappointed!Well, except for one small detail - no valet parking, plus a small parking lot.  Oh well - at least the outstanding service we received at our table (courtesy of Renee) - more than made up for that one shortcoming.Holy Steaks, Batman...this place has SERIOUS grill karma!! Mrs Bear started out with a bodacious Ruby Red martini, made with Ruby (grapefruit) Absolut vodka, fresh squeezed grapefruit juice, simple sugar and a citrus sugar rim. YUM!!! The grilled oyster with garlic parmesan appetizer out Oy-Vehyed Dodie's. And the popovers, OMG! Mrs. Bear opted for the fresh halibut with crustacean-like cashew crunch topping and a two-tone fruity aioli sauce. Mr. Bear went for broke and had the Tyranoporkasaurus Rex - at least 16 ozs of pure grilled pork chop on da bone. The macaroni and cheese with ham bits and white truffle oil was pure heaven. Mr. Bear also loved the southwestern cream corn, which we dare say was as good as (but slightly different from) the Blue Mesa version. The dessert was a fine ending to our feast: a shared creme brulee with an extra thick caramelized sugar top. Any place would be proud to host the Winter Olympic skating competition on that. The crust yielded to a fluffy cream mousse heavy with vanilla. As we prepared to leave, with totally stuffed Bear-tummies, we decided further research was necessary.  Our konversion to the Kult of Kenny is now komplete.
<review# 1265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2011,5/13/2011,384,355,,5,7>I rarely give a place 5 stars but the Cedars Social is awesome on every level! The drinks are brilliant, the food is absolutely delicious, the ambiance so cool, and the service top notch. And all of this from a place that has been open only a few weeks... it can only go up from here! For starters the "theme", if you will, is 60s-70s cocktail lounge meets library- complete with Eames fiberglass chairs, globe lamps, a swanky round fireplace, etc. The patio has an awesome fire pit that somehow magically doesn't make you smell smoky and a retro concrete block fence (I hear landscaping is coming soon). Those in the design biz will love it! That being said, it's not pretentious. I can see Oak Cliff hipsters commingling with the Dallas Uptown crowd. The drink menu continues the cocktail lounge theme with loads of interesting drink choices. My favorite was the Buck, which I learned is a historic cocktail involving Ginger Beer (or Ale) with citrus juice and liquor. You can tell the owners and bartenders are really into their drink history! Other historic drinks fill the menu! My crew ordered a variety of food and everyone practically licked their plates! The crab dip, which was really more of a hot iron skillet full of jumbo chunks of real crab meat with a garlic, butter, white wine sauce. Holy cow, I really didn't want to share! Next came my short rib sliders- succulent short rib on sweet, fresh buns, with a tender collard green, and a refreshing horseradish cream sauce. Melt in your mouth good! I shared a mac n cheese with a friend- it rivaled some of my favorite mac n cheeses! We sampled most of the desserts and cookies and they all tasted like something your grandma would make! the servers were at our beckon call. Some of the drinks took a few minutes but that is to be expected when the recipes are intricate and the bartenders put a lot of TLC into them. Cedars Social is now on my list of favorites- can't wait to go back!
<review# 1266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,5/12/2011,249,256,10,10,9>So... I had to go to Court in Irving.I have a few lunch places in Irving but I was looking for something a little different. off the beaten path.So I do a quick search on Yelp and come across this place.They are doing some construction across the street so the lot is a little tough to get to and parking can be scarce but it is so worth it.Based on advice I saw on Yelp I got the loaded potato.  On the Menu board this is called the Baked potato with meat.Regulars say "Potato with meat all the way" try it it's fun.  Now try it in Spanish "Potato-o with-o meat-o mas the way-o"What that means is huge baked potato smashed, with butter (lots of it) sour cream, cheese, green onions, chopped brisket, chopped sausage, bbq sauce and beans.  Sounds like a mess and it is.  But so good.  the people in front of me added rice before the beans.  That looks like an option I will need to try next time.  Everything about this was excellent.  The portions are huge!not the best place to go to eat though while wearing a suit and tie.While I was in court I was asked by a lady 10' away.  She asked if I just came back from lunch and I said why yes I did.  She said she could smell it on me, so be forewarned.  She did like the smell though.
<review# 1267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,5/11/2011,241,251,6,8,8>Kids "Dad can we go look at the chocolate store?" Me "I guess we can peek in-but remember I don't really like chocolate so this will be a very quick trip." Never have I spoken less true words-at least not while sober. First thing I see is a sign for chocolate made with Rahr& Sons Ugly Pug- ok guys we're staying here for a bit! Finally chocolate that I can love. We tried every type of chocolate they had to sample- and they were all very delish. Faves were the Bleu Cheese and the Fungus Among Us. The pairing of ingredients may sound strange but they have some mad genius mixologist throwing these things together and everything we tried really worked. I can't believe I had this much fun trying chocolate. We ended up getting the Fungus Among Us as it was the favorite by popular vote. We also sampled of the marshmallows and were similarly impressed. These were also really delish and we got a bag of the Pom Pomm. The service was fantastic-the guys were as funny and personable as you could ever ask for and obviously were really passionate about what they were doing. They made such an impression on my daughter(it was also the day we were celebrating her birthday)that she really wanted a picture with them. They were more than happy to stop down for a minute and pose with her-after giving her a bag of marshmallows for her birthday! Talk about great customer service! This has become an official stop whenever I am in the area!
<review# 1268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2010,5/10/2011,89,87,5,12,9>I was pleased as punch to find that my favorite Fruteria Cano has opened a new location on Gus Thomasson Road which, while not close, is certainly closer than the other locations.If you're unfamiliar, Fruterias are where you can get cut fruit in various applications- with yogurt or cream, granola, mixed into a smoothie or juiced.I couldn't believe my eyes when I walked in- mounds and mounds of pomegranate seeds! I love poms, but hate extracting the seeds, so that along with some pineapple and oranges mixed with lechera (a sweetened milk) and topped with granola were my dessert last night.My husband concocted the best liquado (smoothie)- banana, pineapple, and cucumber to make it taste fresh and green. He's a genius.You should definitely try Fruteria Cano. I've been to all their locations and never been disappointed. My favorite part is that every employee I've ever encountered has been amazingly patient and friendly!
<review# 1269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,5/9/2011,541,525,38,18,20>Good gawd people. Sunday brunch. Hungover. Reservations are made. In no mood to look for parking. Valet. It's hot out. I'm sweating. Enter. Cute homey place. Find friends. Sit. Waitress approaches. Order $4 Mimosa. Nosh on complimentary muffins. Mimosa delivered.  Drink.  Order pitcher of mimosa. $18...sheeet mang, I can drink that myself. More friends arrive. Drink. Peruse menu. Chicken and herb biscuits + coleslaw. Sold. Waitress refills mimosa. High 5. Burger looks good. Best in Dallas? Ok. Decide to share with friend. Now having half burger and half biscuit sandwich. Drink. Food arrives. Smells divine. Drink. Split plates with friend. Take bite out of burger. Fan self. Take another bite. Is this shizz fo realz? Drink. Start on chicken & biscuit sandwich. Are you people f*$king serious here? Take bite of cole slaw. Hmm. Refreshing. Take another bite of biscuit. Crap, I think I just wet myself. Don't care. Waitress refills mimosa. Drink. Switch back to burger. Juices everywhere. Staring at burger like its an alien. Take slow motion bite. People now staring at me. Put down burger. Drink. Wipe face. Drink. Clean plate. Drink. Waitress takes empty plates.  Dessert?  You wish.  Finish mimosa. Burp. Pay bill. Kiss friends goodbye. Leave. It's hot.  I'm sweating. Get in car.  Go home.  Take off pants. Lay down. BF laughs at me. Give him finger. Close eyes. See you next week. The. Grape. Is. Glorious. Praise. Cheeses.
<review# 1270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,5/8/2011,166,221,9,19,9>What a way to start a Monday!!!!!!!!!!!!!I normally only Yelp about food but had to make an exception to the rule this time and review King Day Spa.I've known about this establishment for about 8 months now but never got around to checking it out probably due to scheduling conflicts but since i do have a lot of free time nowadays and a friend invited me i just couldn't turn down the offer.King Spa is not like most Day Spas and from what i gathered there are only about 2 others in the whole Country. Its a Korean themed spa where it has Several themed rooms you go into for different overwhelming effects on the body.At first when you enter this gigantic place you pay at the front desk and then proceed into the place and take your shoes off immediately and head to the locker rooms with a key handed to you at the front desk, here you locate the locker with the assigned key and put away your shoes in the shoe locker then look for the larger lockers to put away your clothes and personal effects then the fun begins.If you have an issue with Nudity then this is not for you because even though the mens and women's Sauna/Shower/Spa area is separate the whole idea is to strip to nothing and then go about your business. There all sorts of people from all works of life but the majority was still Asian of which most were Korean. As i proceeded into the place all i had to take with me was my birthday suit and my key which is attached to a bracelet so you don't lose it. The first rule is to take a shower with provided soap, brush your teeth with the provided toothpaste and brush before you hope into the whirlpool or Sauna.There are about 3 Whirlpools with temperatures starting from 100 degrees to about 110 degrees where you can start out and cool off. There is also a Corner where you can pay for a Body scrub and Massage for around $80 to $85. After some time in the whirlpool i proceeded into the Sauna which temperature read 118 degrees and i was in this place with about 5 other grown men. The sauna was hot but not unbearable except for the heat hitting my face was super hot and i tried to use a hand towel to fend it off but it didnt work so i just managed to bow my head down and everytime i breathed i felt like a dragon breathing fire.I probably stayed in this sauna the longest for no simple reason than that fact that i had too much free time and started a little contest in my head to see if i can outlast everyone in the room which was not a smart idea but i did win lol. My Next stop was the other sauna which i noticed was a bit different from the first one i went into but the temperature read 175 degrees but for some reason didn't feel as hot as the other one. I was probably in there for a total of 7 minutes before i left and then got into the 3 feet pool to cool off. The temprature in the swimming pool read 77 degrees which felt like heaven for the first minute then i started getting cold. There was an asian guy in the pool and he noticed my Tattoo on my back and said something with a chuckle/laugh about the meaning but i told him that i just went by what the tattoo artist told me and don't have any clue what it really meant.There were a lot of Communal showers in which you take a bath/shower and walk around freely and also some sit down grooming .I think i spent more time than the average guest in the Sauna pool area then proceeded to go to the themed rooms. I changed into the tshirt and shorts that they provided which came in S M and L sizes and i must say were very comfortable and there was also a section that had lotion, cologne, qtips and other toiletries for one to freshen up. I proceeded to the rooms which varied in sizes and functions like the Air Room, Oxygen Room, Pyramid Room, Ice room and a host of others and i must say it was either the Oxygen or Air room that put me to sleep in no time. I went to one room that was super hot and i had to sit in a yoga position and i knew if i stayed more than 5 mins i would pass out but my favorite room was the Salt room, Here i sweated profusely and felt my butt burning cos the floor was heated also but it was so much fun to leave one of the hot rooms and head to the Ice Room for a few minutes to cool off. There is a media room where one can lounge and relax and watch whichever movie was playing and i got caught up watching "Grown Ups" for the second time with Adams Sandler and boy was it hilarious. While Watching the movie my friend got us Yogurt which was just as good as Pinkberrys and the sign did also say "Fat Free" . There is a restaurant also in the establishment but i didnt bother eating there since i knew i could get better korean food in the same area for a few bucks less. The place has several other amenities like Accu pressure for the Foot and reflexology and his/hers massages.Overall its a great place which i will recommend to groups to check out on a special day or retreat or even as a weekly ritual all for less than 20 bucks.
<review# 1271,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2011,5/7/2011,159,188,3,6,3>I will confess that Cane Rosso has turned my life around.  Since moving to Dallas, the relative scarcity of anything remotely interesting on the pizza front had driven me to start making my own dough and pizza at home.  I can honestly say - I can knock out a pretty mean New York style crust topped with some fixings from Jimmy's Food Store...even with the limit of 500° on my piddly little home oven.  Desperation led me to it...cuz I wasn't getting my pizza fix elsewhere...Enter Cane Rosso.  Ok, this review isn't about MY pizza; it's about Jay Jerrier's traditional Neopolitan style pizza.  One word: "WOW" or "DELICIOUS" or "YES".  Oops, that's 3.Having made my own tweaks on dough- I can appreciate that Jay is always tweaking his...and his love and care for his craft really shows.  I haven't tasted pizza (yet) in Naples, but I'll let everyone know how it compares when I do.  As it is, I can say that I feel like smacking the people I saw eating all of the center part of their pie and leaving all the edges of their crust to be picked up and thrown out.  Sacrilege!  OMG, that's practically THE BEST PART...with all those tasty charred bubbles of yum!  Also, you can taste the freshness of the house made mozzarella, the delicious simplicity of crushed Italian tomoatoes, the wonderful bite of fresh basil, and the respect in all other specially selected ingredients.Ultimately, a visit to Cane Rosso and a bite of the pie is a blessed addition to the DFW scene.
<review# 1272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,5/6/2011,31,146,3,7,6>Its a very good donut indeed.Lots to read in the other reviews, but it seems none of them reviewed the core to these delightful treats.  Their plain glazed donut.It started as a joke with the owner, "Yeah, we thought about putting a plain glazed donut on the menu and charging like $5 for it just to show how ridiculous it would be to get it from here."But my friend insisted on trying it, so the owner obliged.So, is it good?  Are Hypnotic Donuts only good when covered in all sorts of sugar varieties or does their simplest of donuts also scream with flavor?Well, its a damn good plain donut my friends!  Thank you for truly living up to the hype.
<review# 1273,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/12/2010,5/5/2011,973,92,25,27,31>Perfect treat for a hot summer day. I helped a friend move to his new place, and afterward they brought me to this little shop to treat me. We walked up to the front entrance to place our order. The clerks were nice. From the looks of it the place is family owned as they had about 3-4 little girls helping out the mother with the orders.The frozen custard was creamy, soft and a delight to eat. They have lots of fruit options which go great with the custard. I recommend the strawberry shortcake. Most of the time when I down a lot of ice cream or a cold treat quickly it gives me a real bad stomach ache. Not the case with this one. I guess its because the custard isn't as rich as traditional ice cream so I can handle it.
<review# 1274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2010,5/4/2011,148,98,4,4,4>We went to Barcadia last night for a little b-day celebration. 1/2 price food and HH all night long on Mondays! (HH is $1 off everything.) WOO HOO!You know I love me some Barcadia. Old School Games, Skee Ball, Big Jenga. But I have a bone to pick with the Barcadia powers that be: What's up with all the games being broken down?! Ms. Pacman=Down, Donkey Kong Jr.=Busted, Lifesize Connect Four=Torn Up, Megacade = Out. NOTE TO MGMT: Loosen up the purse strings and fix your games...oh and get Pole Position por favor. I mean help a sister out!  Love,Your wonderful Patron who just wants to get her game on
<review# 1275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2010,5/3/2011,172,285,8,7,4>Just an update - something I realized when I went to Vivian this weekend - if they don't seem to have what you want, just ASK FOR IT! I had a craving for custard buns, so I decided to indulge on Sunday. Sadly, they didn't have any on the shelves...not even the sign. I was about to exercise willpower and turn away from the other tasty breads when I asked the girl working the counter. Lo and behold - she said (in Mandarin), "Of course we have custard buns!" and she produced a freshly baked one from behind the counter. It was like magic.
<review# 1276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2010,5/2/2011,198,209,9,12,5>After many many... many.. trips to the local Indian stores with my mother as a child, I had certain (low) expectations of an Indian grocery store.. one word sums it up: clutter.But then! Now a grown up, testing how well my sponge-like brain actually soaked up the knowledge bestowed on me by my very cute Indian mother, I ventured to the closest Indian store to me... Subzi Mandi. I was floored! The familiar smell of spices was there but... It had clean aisles! Items were priced! There was actually a conveyor belt at the cashier station!I love how it was a mini-Walmart of all Indian stores in one... a Chaat corner, fresh produce, basic boxed goods from India, Pakistan and England and Bollywoodbuster for those nights where I need 4 hours of make-believe and dancing :) I wish the beauty corner was open b/c I would have loved to see if they offered eyebrow threading.All in all... for the Indians who are fearful of shopping without your dear mummy, fear no more! Subzi Mandi has everything that you'll recognize from your childhood. For those who are looking for spices like garam masala or a quick and easy curry spice pack, this place will deport you to Southeast Asia in 10 organized aisles.
<review# 1277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2010,5/1/2011,145,236,9,5,6>It Restaurant Week so, hide yo kids, hide yo wife, hide yo kids, hide yo wife, and hide yo husband, and go book a table.Broke in RW with a stop at Kenichi.  I purposely got there early to sit a the bar and make love my tonic and gin.  Margaret at the bar was great.  She kept my glass full and shared her favorite things on the regular menu and made some suggestions on the Restaurant week menu.Once the whole party was there, we were seated promptly.  Not  crowded but filled up as the sun set on this sultry Sunday.  Our waiter eagerly shared that it was his second day, so the bar had been set.  No big deal.  He did an ok job but if we had a question, ie. what wine is comparable to the we just had at the bar but you're now out of, and he didn't know the answer, he would simply walk away without even an "Let me check".  Then on the flip side, the waiter would occasionally linger around and join the conversation as if he were dining with us.  Awkward.But the food was scrumptious.  The spicy edmame was something new to me and why doesn't everyone do this.  Good drop kick to your tongue.  My sushi platter and a good variety including a roll with fruit wrapped around it.  They also offered a steak entrée with some creamy goat cheese mash potatoes and a salmon entrée.  For me, it was bookended by some spicy Dynamite Prawn app and a fruit and coffee ice cream.  All in all a really good experience.Kenichi wah bitches.
<review# 1278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/23/2010,4/30/2011,1341,757,6,10,6>(should really be 3.5 stars but i'll round up because their service is very quick and fast.)I came here the other day for a late lunch and was pretty surprised at how nice it looks now. It was a frumpy before but now it's a nice dimly lit sushi joint. My friends and I sat at the sushi bar. In order to enjoy the most variety, we decided to split everything. I ordered the Kamikaze roll, Mach 6.2, Rainbow roll, Crazy roll, and the Dancing El Nino. Everything was pretty good. I was hoping the Kamikaze was a bit stronger in yellow mustard - I think i forgot to ask for extra mustard. Their squid salad is eh, so don't bother ordering it. My poor girlfriend couldn't even eat it. It's just sliced squid with their ginger salad dressing and sliced cucumbers. My friend wasn't really into sashimi so next time I'll give it a try. This place is really quiet and mellow. I've never seen a crowd here- maybe because it's tucked away in a secluded shopping center. Their prices are very reasonable and I really like their no-frills sushi.
<review# 1279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2010,4/29/2011,443,598,3,9,4>My friend wanted to grab some grub while we were in the area and Yelp pointed us to The Fillmore Pub. Burgers, beer, and a cool bartender!To start off, we had the onion rings and these were the super thin ones with crispy batter. Kinda like the ones at Bone Daddy's. For our burgers, I go the jalapeno cream cheese burger while my friend got the Guiness-cheddar burger. We actually cut our burgers in half and shared so we could try'em both. The Guiness-Cheddar burger tasted just like a regular burger. The cheese looked like it might taste good, but it wasn't anything special, or at least that I could notice. the jalapeno cream cheese burger was pretty good. The cream cheese wasn't in excess and it was enough to balance the out the jalapenos' spiciness. While eating at the bar, I noticed that the bartender seemed like a cool dude and informed us of their high alky content beers and their specials during the week. Did you know Mondays $3 draft beers? That's $3 Maredsous 8s!
<review# 1280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2011,4/28/2011,167,230,9,13,7>There is a story behind why we stopped here. Don't worry, I'll give you the short basic version. My boyfriend's ex-wife was a pilot.  There you go.So we would laugh and laugh every time we would pass by.Then, on one rainy Sunday night, we drove by and and thought - it can't be as bad as the ex-wife!We were right! It's a great bar with great bar food. The Happy Hour runs through the weekend, which is always a plus. I ordered the Wild West Burger and the boyfriend had the French Dip. WOW. It was definitely above average bar food. My burger had a onion ring and had a great tasting sauce. The sandwich was pure beef bliss. I also had the signature drink - the Grape Ape. Wonderful, wonderful place with awesome staff. We sat at the bar and our bartender was fantastic navigating us through the menu and drink specials. She rocked.We will definitely be back!!
<review# 1281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2011,4/27/2011,50,73,15,8,5>Oh, Whiskey Cake....how I lurve you.   You tempt me, drain my wallet and I thank you for it.   I crave your locally/area sourced ingredients and funky plating.   You get me culinary wet and gastronomically erect..Many have followed you in the space you now inhabit, and I have visited all of them.   No, baby....they were just passing fancies.   They meant nothing to me, and the fact that they aren't here anymore should tell you what they meant to me and others.   They were cheap and easy with their standard fare.   You, my dear, are a rare gem amongst the coal of Plano.Your drinks are sublime, and unique even in their classic nature.  You put a delicious spin on the Manhattan, Mint Julep and even the oh-so-common Margarita.   Your beer menu doesn't play to the common man.  Instead it challenges and teases my tastebuds.   But there is something much more substantial about you.  The food!   Roasted chicken,  Slow braised short ribs with garlicy wilted spinach and cheese grits that are perfection.   A burger made from ground brisket that makes me want to keep diving in even with the juices running down my chin. And then dessert.   The ubiquitous Whiskey Cake is like an orgy in my mouth.   Just please don't spoil that perfection with the whipped cream your minions seem so intent on slapping on it.   I will be back.   I just hope that you don't spread yourself too thin and make me wait an hour to have you again.   Oh, and while I love you....I would really like it if you would rotate your menu a little more.
<review# 1282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2010,4/25/2011,92,346,2,7,4>Oh, I loved this place.  From the minute I walked in and was seated in the lower-level indoor room, with its wall of wine bottles and large photograph of a Spanish rider with two horses, I loved this place.If you can squeeze in there by 6:30, you can take advantage of the 5-7 pm weeknight happy hour, which features several $2 tapas dishes.  The potatoes that come with three sauce options (patatas bravas) were great -- I liked the spicy, tomato-based sauce, while my boyfriend liked the aioli.  The calamari was also fantastic.  Don't pass on the orange-and-carrot salad just because it sounds weird.  It's a phenomenal combination.  The bread that comes with various toppings (you get to pick -- try the sausage and the cheese) was also yummy.  Garlic shrimp were garlic shrimp (how can you go wrong?).Also from the happy hour menu, go for a glass of sangria ($4) -- or even a pitcher ($12), which is a better deal if you have more than 2 people or plan to stay there for a while enjoying a nice long buzz.  It's fantastic.From the regular menu, do not, DO NOT, fail to order the Montadito de Casa Lucas.  It's pork and caramelized onions on toasted bread.  It will melt in your mouth.  Mmmm so good.  We also had the green beans in mustard sauce, which were delish...though I'm not sure I'd order them again, as I'm sure there are even better veggie options to be tried.For desserts, yes because we were going absolutely nuts with all these cheap dishes, we tried the pan perdido and the chocolate mousse.  The pan perdido was a winner, but the chocolate mousse was just chocolate mousse.  A LOT of chocolate mousse.Overall, we spent more than we intended to, which I think is what happens when you get all giddy over $2 happy hour dishes and start ordering a ton...and refills of sangria...and dessert...etc.  Buuuut, it was all delicious.  If you're watching your budget, literally take a piece of paper and write down everything as you order it.  Otherwise, it's easy to lose track of how much you're spending.Buuuut, I think this is the kind of place where it's nice to just relax and order what sounds good and not worry about the cost too much.  The atmosphere is charming and delightful, and having a table of 5 Spanish-speaking women near us only added to the feeling of having been transported to Spain.  Mmmm.  :)
<review# 1283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2010,4/24/2011,150,120,12,8,10>I love JGs so much I want to take it behind a middle school and get it pregnant!Seriously.If you dont care about your waistline, grab the bleucheese burger.  Hell, throw some bacon on it.  Your mouth will thank you.This location is close to my office, so its a staple in our unhealthy diets.  Every once in awhile my conscience will stop me from getting the bleucheese for the third time in a month, and I'll select a lower cal option.  These options include things like veggie burgers and yummy sandwiches.  The veggie burger was kind of forgetable...but this is a burger joint, puss.....the chicken sandwich is AWESOME, though.Fries are hit and miss for me, but tots and jalapeno poppers are the stars.The place itself is cute and kitchsy, and the staff is super friendly ...So go there now :)  I am!
<review# 1284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2010,4/23/2011,259,574,8,14,7>My friend and I went to the Spa at the Four Seasons to use the groupons I had purchased for the 50 min massage a while back and I was impressed. We were about an hour and a half ahead of schedule so we decided to just go early and take advantage of the facilities before our massage. They checked us in and then showed us to the locker room area and gave us a quick tour of everything around (bathrooms, waters, peach tea, towels, showers, hot tub, sauna, steam room, plunge pool, relaxation area, locker room - there is a private pool for the spa folks but sadly it was closed for a private function that day) so we had our bearings. The attendant then showed us to our lockers and handed us our robes and mine was nice and big and cozy (ARE YOU LISTENING EXHALE? Because you should be). We changed into our robes, grabbed some spa water and headed to the relaxation area where we settled into a couple of chaise lounges with magazines. After a bit we sat by the hot tub and put our feet in the hot water and then froze our little toes in the 65 degree plunge pool. I loved the iced towels next to the hot tub... VERY handy after being warm. Just as I thought about ordering a smoothie from the attendant one of the staff called my name... it was time for my massage. They have separate male/female relaxation areas so a woman came to get me, but then delivered me to my masseuse - Dale - who did an amazing job. I left my 50 min massage feeling like a brand new person. My friend said her massage was just as amazing as mine - she even fell asleep during it - and she's never done that before.I heard that there was an amazing shower in the ladies locker room that I had to check out - so I did. Wow - This shower had a rain shower head, a regular shower head, 4 jets, 2 misters, and a hand held shower head - all with independent controls! It was like a water park in there. As you would expect the showers are stocked with shampoo, conditioner, shave gel, and body wash. The locker room is fully stocked with blow dryers, flat irons, I'm betting there was a curling iron but I didn't look, brushes and combs (they clean them - so look for the clean bin so you don't get a dirty one), mouth wash, lotion, a rather random but effective spray on deodorant, and more. Note: In case you self park like I did... Don't bother - the girl that checked us out said they will validate if you valet. Next time I want to spoil myself I will definitely go back here for another massage.
<review# 1285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2010,4/22/2011,39,22,2,11,7>I had dinner at H&D twice last week, and it was outstanding both times! Friday night we had a variety of appetizers and cocktails which were quite delicious (try the veggies with curry dip - you'll be glad you did).But, Tuesday is the night I want to tell you about. Tuesday my wife and I had the Grape & Grub. What is G&G you ask? It is decision-free dining at its best my friends. Simply tell the server what you do not like along with any food allergies and your work is done. At that point the chef prepares you four surprise courses, optionally paired with wine. Of course we opted for the vino accompaniment.Course OneWife - Cockles, Sausages and Blondes - an awesome combination of clams, sausages and a wine based sauce. The sauce was so good we almost asked for a straw.Me - Dekker Devils with Smoked Salmon - Wow! Let me say that again, wow! The best deviled eggs ever. Not much more I can say about that.Course TwoWife - H&D Chopped Salad - this dish was the biggest surprise. It looked like any old salad. But, hidden inside were morsels of delectable goodness. Me - Tuna Nicoise Salad with Dijon Vinny - perfectly seared tuna on a bed of greens accompanied with roasted red peppers and a fried green tomato. MmmmCourse ThreeWife - Simple Seared Sea Scallops - Saying this repeatedly is the only thing difficult on the mouth. Topped with a beautiful roe and accompanied with whipped wasabi. Me - Big Fat Ribeye - this was another surprising dish. Since H&D is not a steakhouse, I wasn't expecting greatness. I was wrong. The cut was awesome and prepared even awesomer.Course FourWife - Grilled Fresh Peaches and Cream - a very simple and delicious way to finish the meal.Me - Peanut Butter Buckeyes & Ice Cream - peanut butter - enough said.
<review# 1286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2010,4/20/2011,686,887,9,8,8>I LOVE THIS PLACE!!!!!a friend (elite stephen) suggested we come here for dinner on a Friday. I was a little skeptical at first because a vietnamese fusion restaurant down in deep ellum?? first of all, I havent been down deep ellum to hang out since I was 16 and tried to sneak in clubs with my older cousin's fake ID...but anyway, I tried it out and loved it!!!! I had calamari to start off. It was perfectly cooked! tender and crispy! My entree was the cube steak with the spinach noodles!!! it was delicious!!! it had so much flavor!!!! You must get number 48. which is the shaken beef with the spinach noodles, which they make from scratch! the dish is a little spicy but you can handle it! get a little excitement in your life once in awhile! I'm definitely coming back!
<review# 1287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2010,4/19/2011,213,158,4,8,4>SO..this place opened up. It's in our front yard. Literally. We can spit on it from our bedroom windows (don't worry, we don't)...so I was thrilled when Lance surprised me one Sunday evening with a trip to their Bar lounge for appetizers and drinks to cap off our weekend :) (Isn't he great? Yeeeeah, I know)So at firs they actually sat us in the dining room. Knowing we were only going to munch on apps, drink some cocktails and chat..it was a little too stuffy in there for me. So we asked if it would be ok if we moved to the bar, and they were SO friendly and accommodating about it. It was nice. The Dining room looked nice though for a family dinner or a romantic date.We sat at a booth in the bar lounge...very snazzy place. A lot more casual, yet still fancy. Our waiter was amazing...if you ever go, request sitting in his section. His name is Braiden...he's tall, shaved head, and reminds me of a younger, cuter Bull from Night Court...he he eh. Tell him Lance and Leigh sent ya!You start with bread. I'm always a fan of places that bring you bread. This bread rocked. That is all.The appetizers all looked amazing! It was tough to decide! We settles on the Crab meat and avocado cocktail, and the hot Kobe beef rock. The cocktail was put together differently than you would think. It was fresh FRESH lump crab meat on one side, and fresh avocado slices on the other, all doused in a delicious and light sauce. Very refreshing and delish! The Kobe beef rock was really cool I had seen this before at other places and always wanted to do it. They brought the rock out, and a plate with about 10 this slabs of seasoned raw Kobe beef, a little cup of soy sauce, and some sauteed mushrooms. 3 seconds on each side, after dipping it in the soy sauce, is all you needed. Grab a mushroom and chow down....SO tender and yummy. Interactive food is always a plus :) We still wanted a little something else, so Lance got a bowl of the lobster and shrimp bisque. I think he would have broken up with me and married it if he had been allowed. It was by far the best bisque I have had yet......bar none. I think everyone should order a cup and try it. NOW. Go. I'm serious.After many a drink, all that great food, our pleasantly fun waiter and the awesome LIVE music that was being played in that lounge (7 days a week people....live music 7 days a week)...we were told about their happy hour every day. 4-7.....$5 drinks, specialty cocktails are a little more, and half price APPETIZERS! It only took 3 more days before we were back, in the same booth, chatting with Braiden, with 3 more friends we introduced it to. Seeing as though we can hop home....I'm thinking we have found a new place.Come join us some time...we're the couple in the corner booth...singing along to the music.
<review# 1288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2011,4/18/2011,169,1223,5,9,5>i found this great store thanks to yelp. i was searching for a special bday card for a special someone. rode my bike on the katy trail to knox on a beautiful day. i did not find a bike rack anywhere near by so i had to lock my bike to a street sign. theres lots of toys in this store. cool toys, some of them very high end (read not cheap). lots of cards too, for all fun occasions. the staff is friendly and very helpful. i know now where to get cards. yeah. i still do that. e-cards are kinda lame.
<review# 1289,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,4/17/2011,290,376,6,11,7>Whoopee! After a long day of data entry, I was sooo hungry, but too tired (and lazy) to cook or get spiffed up to go out to dinner. Recalled this spot reviewed by Jennifer R back in December, and then Jordan T.'s followup in February. It is "moments" from my crib, so I called in an order to go. Called right @ 1700, when they opened and ordered the following, Was told it would be ready in 20 minutes: Noodle Coconut Soup (sans mushrooms) This is their Tom Kah soup but with added thin rice noodles, a spicy lemongrass broth with coconut milk, choice of meat. Steamed Dumplings - Stuffed with chicken and imitation crab meat with special house sauce. I added a side of Peanut Sauce. House Fried Rice - with eggs, tomatoes, green onions, and choice of meat (chicken, beef. pork pr tofu; shrimp extra $ ) Sticky Rice Dessert with Mango slices Walked in exactly 23 minutes after placing my order and it was ready and waiting. Friendly smiling welcoming staff  to greet me and had my check ready for payment. I was in and out in less than 5 minutes. Loved the atmosphere of the place; bright lime green painted walls; art work of coconuts; padded booth along the inside wall, and modern tables and chairs. One could not tell this was once a Long John Silvers waaaaaay back in the day unless you were personally familiar with the former occupant. So clean and sparkling. A very comfortable environment, great for a quiet lunch or dinner (with your own bottle of wine, It's BYOB  "until the end of August".) Unsure  what that means. This is posted on their website, as well as signs in the restaurant.  Perhaps they have applied for a liquor license?Food Critique: The Noodle Coconut Soup which I had with tofu was the star of my meal. OMG, just the right level of spiciness (I requested a 2.5 when asked by the server taking my order and it was PERFECT! More would have made it way to "burning the tongue" for me)  Be careful when choosing your "number" on the heat scale; these folks have it down!  The marriage of the flavors of the lemongrass broth and the sweet coconut milk was an incredible burst in your mouth treat.  I love this dish @ Best Thai and Thai Orchid just down the road, but think these folks have  perfected it. The added soft Rice Noodles make this an entree' in itself. House Fried Rice - OMG, so yummy. It was delicious. The rice was cooked to the correct level of doneness, tender, not dry, but not gummy; the chicken was thin, tender slices of white meat. Spices were apparent, with the eggs and green onions and a few tomatoes. I prefer more eggs & tomatoes in my fried rice, so next time will request extra helpings of those.  I added Soy Sauce & went into a food coma. Sticky Rice with Mangos - Okay, this is HEAVEN in the mouth. Sweet rice, sweet Mangos, what could be a better combo, especially for a pre-bedtime snack? Steamed Dumplings - the only Fail of the meal. I found the dumplings overcooked, pasty and slightly tough. I also am not a fan of imitation Crab, so perhaps that was an influencing factor. However, the accompanying house special sauce was 'luscious. I could drink a cup of that. The side of Peanut Sauce was also over the top goodness. Have lots of that left to slather on something else.Servings were extremely generous.  Yes, I ordered a LOT of food, intentionally.  I wanted to be prepared in the event those forecast storms and heavy rain all week had me housebound for a day or two.  So, I have nibbled on these goodies for 3 days, which served me well.  My plan worked! Can't wait to go back and sample many of their other offerings; the noodle dishes, curry, grilled items and some crispy rolls.  The menu is quite extensive. Another nice option - these folks will "make it your way".  Eliminate something, add something?  Just let them know.  A special extra service touch!  There are nice lunch specials (1100-1500) ranging from $6.99-7.99.A great spot in my 'hood.  Thanks to great Yelpers for sharing such good tips!  Your taste buds are in harmony with mine!
<review# 1290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2011,4/16/2011,2046,587,20,7,10>If you're a regular MCrowd diner, you'll know that it depends on the location and server when it comes to your limit of Mambos. This past Saturday afternoon at the HP Village MiCo, there was certainly no limit!I met two friends for lunch at 1. We didn't leave until 5:30. Is that saying much?Yes, we lingered. I ordered my usual half nachos al carbon, which came out as expected. The service was pretty great. We saw him when we needed him, but he was gone for the most part so we could get deep in conversation.After 2 mambos each, we asked for our check. What does he bring? Another round of Mambos. Oops. Did we correct him? No. Don't be silly!
<review# 1291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2011,4/15/2011,325,161,7,10,10>Feeling Buzzed?One of the best after 2 am stops is Buzz Brews! Here you will find a welcoming rest and refueling stop after a night of lively libations. The hardest part really is finding a parking spot inside the Best Western Motel parking lot.Once you're in, walk into a cozy dining area, tables are sometimes scarce so be prepared for communal sitting. Don't fret, most people here are very friendly (especially after 2am) and you will most likely meet a new friend rather than frienemy. Freshly brewed coffee is ready for the taking, no need to wait for wait staff. Take a look around, this place has character. From the art on the walls to the people who come here, everything you find is unique. The food is no exception, with many options over the norm bland bacon and eggs.  Come grab some brew.
<review# 1292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,4/14/2011,213,499,5,6,7>Shanna L inspired me to do a quick update since I also have to rave about the amazing Easter brunch buffet.  Fried chicken on sweet potato biscuits?  Yes.  Juicy leg of lamb with mint pesto?  Yes!  All the desserts I could possibly hope to stuff my face with, INCLUDING a cotton candy machine?!?! YES!  $4 unlimited mimosas and bellinis??  Praise Jesus!!!!Oh, it was divine.  I paced myself quite well, unfortunately wasting a lot of food, but I think I tried about everything.  Except I missed the fried peanut butter and jelly sandwiches dammit!!!I also have a funny story to share!  The couple next to us were complaining the WHOLE time about some people who were talking during prayer that morning at church, and were really really mad about it.  Actually, it was only humorous for awhile, because then it got kinda scary when the guy goes "I mean seriously, who DOES that?  I was ready to STAB THEM!!"  Yikes.  Happy Easter.
<review# 1293,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2010,4/13/2011,188,317,4,9,6>This is a MAN'S place.  This place was built for men to come eat, drink and watch TV.  This place is pretty cool.The SetupYou can choose to sit at a regular table or the bar.  You can also select a table that uses couches as seats.  Both options have nearby TVs.  The best seating might require arriving early (especially if you are watching a particular game).  They offer a section of 4 large televisions with recliner seating.  It's basically your own man cave with a waitress.The BeerThey offer a large variety of beer served in various sizes.  You can select from regular pint glasses, 20 oz glasses, 1/2 beer bongs, full beer bongs and mini-kegs.  Unfortunately some of those larger varieties require you to have multiple people drinking with you. The FoodFor a starter I had the soft pretzels.  They are served in stick form and were really good.  They were especially flavorful with the side of queso and honey mustard that accompanied them.  I normally don't go for soft pretzels, but I'm glad that I did.  For my entree I had the Philly Cheesesteak with a side of fries.  To be honest I had a hard time selecting an entree because several things looked good.  Overall a good sandwich, but I'm open to trying something different on a future visit.
<review# 1294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2010,4/12/2011,193,345,5,11,8>Color me surprised, a new (uptown!) bar opens, that everyone flocks to, and I actually LIKE it.  (I have still never been to J Blacks bc I refuse to get in on the bandwagon bars, especially when they have a line to get in, ugh)My dude came here a few times (TWSS) before I decided to go check it out, and his description to me was "the whole place is a patio, even inside is really outside."  Well, he's actually correct.  I'm a big fan of the atmosphere here, you can sit full on in the sun or under the roof, or even "indoors" but still enjoy a nice breeze and the overall feeling of being on a patio.  It has a very neighborhoody feel to it, with people driving by and walking their dogs on a Sunday afternoon.  The food is great, as someone mentioned this bar is related to its across the street neighbor, State and Allen and does not disappoint.  In particular, I thoroughly enjoyed the brisket grilled cheese and the chili with cornbread.  The little jalapeño skins wrapped in bacon are pretty legit - I don't eat "poppers" so didn't think I would like them, but they are grilled, not fried and the bacon is crisp, not greasy. Overall a win in my book! Beer is cold and served in cans (we get coors light buckets so I can't comment on shiner availability but I did see a dude with a tallboy PBR).  There are plenty of TVs for all the games, however we did almost cause a riot on Saturday when they changed the LSU/Bama game with one minute left to put on the shitty ass OU (sorry Lance) A&M game that hadn't even kicked off yet.  Luckily, our waitress handled up on that business and no one got hurt - except Saban, when the tigers sent his "National Championship" team home with their hopes for a repeat dashed, GEAUX TIGERS! ah, I digress.  The only downside to this bar (which doesn't really effect me but...) is that every time I go to the bathroom there are at least 10 dudes in line. It's pretty great that they will finally get it about waiting in line for the bathroom, but I can imagine is a downside for a sports bar to have 2 "one holers" for the dudes.  Not great planning on that part but they more than make up for it in other areas.
<review# 1295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,4/11/2011,125,194,4,9,3>Holy crap! Yelp, I have forgiven you for Smashburger and Alligator Cafe because of this place. I love finding out about new places from yelp, but it can be hit or miss. This place is a HIT!!!! First of all, it is located in east Jesus and Korea. Literally, everything is Korean around here. Including all of the wait staff and most of the patrons in this restaurant. When we walked in it smelled DELICIOUS and every table was packed. We went to the bar and ordered a bucket of beer while we waited ($16 for 6 beers...not bad). We were seated before the first beer was finished. We ordered a dozen oysters on the half shell ( $12.99), 3 pounds of snow crab legs ( $10.99 a pound), and 2 pounds of crawfish ($6.99 a pound). We got everything medium, the whole shebang style.The oysters were HUGE. Actually a little too big for my liking, I prefer the smaller, sweeter ones. It also came with limes ( uh weird- they had no lemons, wtf), and this crazy spicy as hell sauce ( not cocktail sauce). To be honest, these were not my fave. The crawfish were small and over cooked. Two pounds here does not get you a lot, like most other places. So why 4 stars you ask? The crab legs stole the show. The smelled heavenly and were garlicky and spicy and just goooooood. My lips burned for an hour after eating the spicy seasoning. They gave us bibs, covered our table in white butcher paper, and brought our our plastic bags of saucy, seafoody goodness and we spent the next hour just eating and smiling. I will come back and only order the crab legs from now on. The service was ok, the place was packed and apparently they had run out of crawfish just before we got there, so people were waiting a LONG time for the new batch of crawfish to cook. We got pretty lucky in our timing. A great Yelp find.
<review# 1296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2010,4/10/2011,226,292,12,11,15>You know you're a fan of a taco place when you start hoping you have to go pick up friends from Lew Sterrett so you have a reason to be in that part of town to get some amazing tacos. On Cinco de Mayo I made my virgin trip to Fuel City 2, and my stomach is pissed it took me so long. I opted to try four of the five non-breakfast tacos they had on the menu: beef fajita, picadillo, pastor and barbacoa. Add on a cup of elotes and a 32oz Sol and you have a pretty solid little meal for around $10 - can't beat it.The barbacoa is what they advertised on their shirts, but the picadillo is the one that stole my heart. The pastor was salty with a nice char and not a lot of grease. The beef fajita was the only one I wasn't too impressed with, but it still wasn't bad. The real star of the show was the elotes - corn, cream, butter, hot sauce and cheese. Honestly, I would make the drive just for some of that tasty tasty corn. Sure, it would be better if it was fresh corn, but I can't argue with the end result. So freaking delicious.So let it be known, my Yelp friends, if you're ever stuck on the wrong side of Lew Sterrett and need a ride home. I'm your guy. . .just plan on making a pit stop before we go.
<review# 1297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/21/2010,4/9/2011,199,275,3,10,7>The little hole in the wall formerly known as Al's Hideaway is back! It's now the Hideaway. After much searching for contact info, this place is determined to stay hidden. Not for long with a cracker jack Yelper on the case! I had my 24th birthday party here and it was a blast. On what would have been a slow Monday for the bar, the Hideaway was happy to accommodate me and my party of 35. They practically gave us the whole bar to play in. The Monday Night Football crowd didn't mind us and we didn't mind the Monday Night Football drink specials. $2 drafts, $2 shots, and $6 pitchers makes for one crazy fun birthday! The service was fantastic, the pizza was awesome (get roasted garlic on it, trust me), and the prices were so affordable. $12 for a HUGE pizza and $2 beers? Trouble and love. There's Golden Tee, a jukebox, a pool table, various bar arcade games, and a nice patio to keep everyone entertained as well. I had one of the better birthday parties I've had here and I'm a repeat customer now. So much for staying hidden.
<review# 1298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,4/8/2011,462,279,8,11,10>I'm not really sure why I've waited so long to review Times Ten.  Maybe because I secretly hope that by not reviewing it, no one else will find out about it and I can keep it all to myself.  (I don't think that's working out for me very well)Times Ten is exactly what you think it is:  a cozy neighborhood wine bar run by friendly people whose sole purpose in life is to ply you with good wine, thereby ensuring that you make the smiley face all night.  Ok, maybe they have personal goals that don't involve me or alcohol, but you'd never know it from the welcome-to-my-home vibe that Times Ten gives.My favorite thing about Times Ten is the staff's ability to match the perfect glass of wine to my consistent "I like red" request.  See, I know what kind of wine I like but it doesn't mean I can translate that into ordering the right glass.  No worries.  These folks know how to turn my wine garble into exactly the right result.  Yay for speaking Wine Rookie!Times Ten offers an assortment of yummy nibbles and one of these days I'm actually going to make it on a Wednesday when Cane Rosso parks their magic pizza truck in the parking lot and serves up some basil tomatoey wonderfulness.Bottom line, Times Ten is at the top of my wine list.  Every time.
<review# 1299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2010,4/7/2011,281,210,6,8,6>This place is realllly cute. Before coming here on a whim last week, I hadn't been impressed with any wine bars in Dallas yet. This one is overflowing in charm. My boyfriend and I walked in to a family band playing music and free chocolate from one of the patrons. Reasons why this wine bar takes the cake:1. Open late- til 12:15 on weeknights!2. Friendly staff- Gretchen the bartender was extremely knowledgeable about wine and helped me pick out a great flight to try3. Great ambiance4. Not too dark like a lot of wine bars5. Generous pours6. Dog friendly7. Lots of regulars who were friendly and welcoming8. Large selectionI'll definitely be back!
<review# 1300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,4/6/2011,610,180,5,7,6>Cajun corner - you've been around forever but I always tend to over look you.  Thanks to the boyfriend, we have been reacquainted and I deeply regret we've been strangers for so long.  I walked in on a Monday night - the same night as the NCAA tournament actually and all I saw were 3 occupied tables.  It's okay.. it's a Monday and I bet most people are at bar watching the game.  You're not coming here for the environment.  The ambience is kind of bland - no tv's or anything.  They did have music playing through the speakers.  I had one mission - CRAWFISH!!! You do not have a choice in flavor - there's only one.  But its buttery, spicy, and has a hint of sweetness.  Mmm!!  The crawfish is succulent!  The crawfish comes in a bag but you don't see it swimming in a pool of the juice it is cooked in but surprisingingly, you'll suck out a lot of sweet and spicy buttery juiciness when you suck the head.  O_o=P~There are 3 levels of spiciness - medium, spicy, and extra spicy.  I've only had the medium which I think was just right for me.  I can only imagine what spicy and extra spicy tastes like!  Amongst 3 people, we had 8 pounds.  We also ordered an order of cajun corn, sausage, and potatoes.  Yummy!    They were the perfect "sides" to our main "entree".The bf asked the owner to change the radio station to listen to the game and she did... so no we didn't get the visual but we got some audio.  Since it's a Monday, we paid for 7 pounds instead of 8.  The owner was having this special - buy 5 pounds get 1 free.  It was $5.99 a pound which isn't bad considering we've paid $7 or $8 lb at Boiling Crab.  The catch is that you have to pay for your entire meal in cash.. so bring some cash money baby! The owner talked to us a lot and told us to come the following week bc market price for Crawfish would drop so she could give us a discount.  We're definitely coming back!
<review# 1301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,4/5/2011,569,258,5,5,6>The burgers are giant and good what else can you ask for?  I used to drive by here so many times and from the outside it just looks like an old store.  I managed to walk in and eat closer to closing time but that didn't affect the quality of my meal at all.  I was really pleased with not only the size but also by just how damn good that burger was.  I love going there to eat lunch but I feel like I need a nap almost instantly when I am done.I guess my eyes are at times much bigger then my stomach.  The fries came wrapped in wax paper in a cone shape with another generous portion of food.  I will definitely come back so I can try these breakfast items everyone is raving about.
<review# 1302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2010,4/4/2011,3760,1373,9,12,8>Many look alike handsome women with manicured long hair and designer sunglasses set the tone for a place with an upscale clientle but within a simple bistro setting.   A felt like the mix of pretty well dressed young and old people probably had fat bank accounts and ivey leaugue educations but the decor leans a little toward cheap and akward opposed to comfy and stylish.  I understand the practicality in opening a restaurant. I love the exposed kitchen and the fried escargots for $6 - wow!  5$ happy hour wine.  Sit at the bar or sit at the kitchen and have a glass of wine.With continued profits hopefully they'll get some better art work, instead of those generic, Target-looking "chef" prints. Otherwise I can't wait to come back here.  I hope the hoity toity crowd doesn't scare away the common folk.
<review# 1303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,4/3/2011,126,176,9,4,4>Cafe Amore, I love your style,Your food is tasty, unlike bile.Chicken, veal, pasta and cheese, All taste great, with prices that please.I can bring my own wine, a bottle or threeSometimes I'll share, but it's mostly for me.Your staff is polite and timely to bootI enjoy the private party room...it's really cute.I'm glad you are cheap and right up the streetI'll drop by this week, so save me a seat!
<review# 1304,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/21/2010,4/2/2011,239,468,18,10,10>OK OK I know what your all saying! What's a 22 year old petite Asian girl doing at BEAMERS on a Thursday night? Well I'll tell you that I was the only one there matching the above description but I'll also tell you that I had a BLAST. I came here for the happy hour session with some folks from work and felt way out of place at first. I was in a business suit and watching some foxy ladies entering the building in club wear and heels. The crowd was a little older 30+, the music was amazing, DJ Freeze is hilarious and the 40+ feet buffet was pretty damn good for the $5 entry fee. The venue is pretty big, decorated elegantly, had plenty of bars dispersed so you aren't waiting too long to get your drinks and they also had an awesome happy hour session. I'm talking $2 drinks people! My bartender (who was a cutie!) noticed I was drinking x-rated and sprite and threw in some hennessey to give me an extra kick. After about 5 of these babies I was on the dance floor shaking my thang and screwing up every line dance number possible. My only complaints are that the men here are brave; usually when I'm somewhere and give my "I'm already annoyed just by looking at you so don't you dare approach me" look I rarely get bothered but men were blocking my way to the bar, trying to squeeze in between my friends to dance with me and I can't tell you how many times my butt was grabbed. Regardless, I had a great time and am so glad I gave this place a try. I'll be learning all of these line dances on you tube until next time BEAMERS!
<review# 1305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,3/31/2011,89,333,5,7,8>We did the NYE thing at the Hotel St. Germain and seemed to be about average aged for the place. So, yes lots of "old farts". Spectacular event. Nice jazz band, moving to R and B and motown. delicious, elegant dinner with about 15 tables.  Lovely trteatment of a truffled duck egg in its shell. Fabulous oysters. Charcuterie - well that's my downfall. Chocolate souffle. Champagne.Not a foot wrong - waiters with white gloves, a charming hostess. Hamdled the seafood allergy witout fuss.Madame was especially impressed that the menu was imprinted with our names.This will become a tradition!
<review# 1306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,3/30/2011,56,88,6,5,6>If you're ever lucky enough to get their noodle of the day with lamb shoulder...GET IT.  Because it is Capital E. Excellent! Fresh cut fettuccine, wilted arugula, cherry tomatoes, bit of brown butter, and the most unctuous, tender lamb shoulder- ever.  Wowie woo this was good. Better than my moms! And my mom can cook better than your mom.The boy and I also tried their deviled eggs and fish and chips (which weren't "chips" so much as they were shoe string fries). Everything was really tasty!! The atmosphere is so fun and laid back. How can I not give NST a five star rating? Especially when they named a drink after me. Shout out to all my fellow Amelias - what WHAT!
<review# 1307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,3/28/2011,147,117,7,14,9>Mike....appreciate ya Pal! I never knew this place existed, and am now convinced, they need to do some more advertising. Mike's is tucked away over in the Medical District of Dallas, across the street for Children's Hospital. The only reason I found out about it, is because I got a Groupon email, and learned that Mike plies his craft just down the road from where I rest my head. BEWARE...We tried to go use this Groupon for dinner one night, but Mike closes up shop Mon-Sat at 2:30, and never opens his doors on Sunday. So....lunch time came around Monday, and my appetite had been wet for BBQ since Saturday, I made my move to Mike's. This ain't the cheapest BBQ in town, and I tried my DAMNEDEST to spend all 20 Groupn dollars at lunch, only made it to $14.65. That entailed a 3 meat plate of Brisket, Ribs, and Pulled Pork, along with 2 sides of Fried Okra and Jalapeno Beans and Rice w/ BRISKET BITS. The brisket was very MEH, but all parts pig were SOOOOUUUUUU-WEET! The ribs were charred just right, and the Pulled Pork was absolutely amazing, top notch. The Pulled Pork was so tender, juicy and had just enough crisp on the outer edge....I dreampt about it that night, IJS. Mike nailed it with the Beans and Rice, taking a favorite side dish of mine, and adding jalapenos and BRISKET to it, WHAMMY. I have a secret obsession/addiction, with Fried Okra. I have had it all over this land we call home, I can't NOT order it, if it is offered up to me on a menu. And I can say with full confidence, that my search for the best Fried Okra on the planet, has come to an end...Mike is the winner. They have specials for everyday, and Monday apparently was, BIG ASS BAKED POTATO WITH EVERYTHING BUT THE KITCHEN SINK ON IT MONDAY. Those things looked like spud porn! I am an ass....I almost forgot about the crispy, yet moist, buttery, perfect, delicious, adjective overloaded, Texas Toast. Damn that was good stuff! Mike's original BBQ sauce gets an A+. The Jalopeno BBQ Sauce, tried a little too hard, and failed. Take the time, to seek out ole Mike, and load up.
<review# 1308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2011,3/27/2011,255,323,10,9,7>I'm going to exclude all my comments about the atmosphere (which seems out of sync with a taco joint) and focus strictly on the food and service.They make a damn good taco at a damn good price.  The lunch special is two tacos, two sides, and a drink for $7.I had a brisket taco and a grilled tilapia taco (small upcharge for some of the fancier tacos like the ribeye & blue cheese and the tilapia) with cilantro lime rice and drunken borracho beans.Brisket taco: slightly smokey, super tender & juicy, with a slice of avocado, & some cilantro & onion.  The corn tortilla has been slightly fried (damn you calories!), but isn't really crunchy--just slightly al dente fried, if that makes any frickin' sense at all.  As tasty as the brisket tacos at Taco Joint used to be when they were only a weekly special (and tastier than they are NOW)Tilapia: hot damn, that's a great taco.  The tilipia is flaked and crispy on the outside with just the right amount of slaw on top.Borracho beans: good, but not enough beans in the cup; needed more salt.Rice: super tart and cilantro-ey; me likey long time.The joint is new(ish) so there were some service related issues, but nothing egregious.That's it, bitches...
<review# 1309,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2010,3/26/2011,44,101,53,15,10>Cougar 360I got drunk in a bar in Frisco, TX. Now when I say I got drunk in a bar, I don't mean I was dancing on tables. . . . . .  or got thrown out or anything. I got just drunk enough to have a great time at what most folks refer to as "Cougar 360". There they were . . . . . . the over 40 and feeling foxy ladies. . . . . wearing the sluttiest top Ann Taylor carries, low rise jeans with be-dazzled butts, and slinky sandals because this month's issue of More magazine listed toe cleavage as a big turn-on for men. I love them and here's why: they love to confess/profess/brag about themselves to me in the ladies room:"Can you believe my daughter is 22 years old?!" (Ummm, yes)Later on, and a couple of Coronas later,  she's yelling that same statement to no one in particular over the live band's version of "Shook me all night long". The 24-year old with the barbed wire tattoo and Affliction shirt she's dancing with doesn't really care what she's saying as long as she doesn't mess up his hair. I think this place serves food, but I've never eaten it. They should seriously consider putting popcorn on the menu though seeing as how you can always count on seeing a show at this joint.
<review# 1310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,3/25/2011,231,448,10,12,13>Until this weekend, I'd never tried my hand at rock climbing either indoor or outdoor.  I lack what they call "upper body strength", but a friend talked me into it & I'm always up for trying something new.  Little did I know that the people I was going with are practically monkeys & would be hanging from walls while I struggled to get up the easier routes.  I did make it to the top of a few walls a few times, so we'll call that a win.  This gym has both bouldering and top rope options, though I think I like top rope the best.  Bouldering was good to warm up on, but I got pretty frustrated when I kept falling from the same points on some of the climbs.  At least with top rope, I could hang there for a minute and regroup.  I'll still do both, though, even if I kinda suck at it.  At first, the gym was a little noisy because there was a kid's birthday party going on, but that cleared up after a while.  The other climbers are pretty friendly & I doubt you'd be without company even if you went by yourself initially.I like the location which is easily accessible from a few highways.  The gym itself is pretty big and there's plenty of space, so I never felt crowded or in other people's ways.  Price wise, it wasn't a bad deal, either.  A day pass runs you about $12.99 and I think that gets you in & out privileges (twss!).  Equipment rentals are a few bucks more in case you need shoes or a harness.  They also have monthly pass options, but I haven't quite talked myself into that just yet.  The staff is pretty friendly & they will give you a quick lesson if you've never tried this before.  For my first time out, I survived at least.  I wasn't a natural, but I guess I didn't totally embarrass myself either.  I'm afraid I'll have to go back just to beat some of the climbs I couldn't get past *shakes fist*
<review# 1311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2011,3/24/2011,132,558,8,12,12>So, its time for a serious review after that Dallas morning news insanity right? I went here with a large group of people and we tried so many things on the menu! We started at the bar with a glass of wine each with some stellar service from the slick bartender. He handled the crowd well. Then we moved to a group table to order our meal. They had a special app of eggplant with shrimp on top that was OOOO so good. It got the O face from two of us. Midnight Meatballs got the MMMM rating from the table with a couple OOOs... the anti-pasta app was HUGE and wasn't even finished by a table of 10.Tilapia was ridiculously good; along with the bangin heavy gorgonzola gnocchi pasta.... We had a couple of fettuccini's at the table that looked like leftover for days. The portion sizes were amazing, but usually they do that to hide the fact that it tastes less then great. Not here... you get that yum now and that yum later thang! Espressos, wines, coffees flooded the table near the end of the night with a couple deserts cannolis and tiramisu seemed to please the crowd. I had several wines and they were all so good.  Our waiter was fantastic and serious about his service. The timing of the food was perfection and the owners out talking to the crowd was great. They were taking a poll to see what deserts people would be interested in having on the menu. The place was a buzz, the décor was fun and YES, O YES... that Bada Bing sign was blazin over the kitchen. So take that Ms. Brenner... eat my Yelp dust.
<review# 1312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2010,3/23/2011,220,341,20,9,8>Dear Norma,I'm afraid our long standing weekend morning love affair has come to an end, my lovely Dixie flower.  I have cheated on you, and I have to profess that I'm leaving you for a woman of the north.  Cindi does so much more for me than you ever have Norma.  Her bagels and specialty cream cheeses really get me going, and I love that she leaves coffee on the table for me to fill at my leisure.  Norma, I have a final favor to ask before we break up for good...can you give Cindi your sausage gravy recipe?  Hers is a bit too 'yankee' for me.Goodbye darling,Jennifer
<review# 1313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,3/22/2011,895,667,11,14,17>The Grapevine Bar is the reason I joined Yelp.  I had read a negative review via a google search and knew I had to add my two cents.  So it's only appropriate that a year plus later that I update this review since the GV continues to be one of my favorite bars.The sign on the front door says it all "leave your attitude at the door".  For serious.  One of the best things about the GV is still the bartenders.  Most of them have worked there for many many years.  That should say something about the place.  The drinks are strong and there always seems to be a happy hour or drink specials going on.  Not to mention the many cookouts that the GV does through out the year.They've added a projection screen on the back patio so if the front bar is too packed to catch a game on the TV you can mosey out to the back and pick a seat out there.  You can still play basketball or sit up on the rooftop deck.  The juke box is still killer even though they went digital some moons ago.  The parking lot has been re-vamped, or more so re-lined so parking can be hairy at times, but you can usually circle the block and find parking in the residential areas.  I've noticed the security guard is around more often too.I would give this place ten stars if I could.  So join me some time and I'll buy you a tangarita!
<review# 1314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,3/21/2011,194,245,9,9,8>WHY haven't I known about this place? It's literally a hop, skip and a jump away from my casa, and my friend who moved to NYC was dead set on eating lunch here before she went back. I am SO SO SO glad that she introduced me to this little piece of neighborhood heaven because they just rocked my socks off. Appetizer: Fried Ravioli.....so yumm and devine. My Entree: Penne a la Vodka with ground beef......good God, this is a sin of ultimate glutinous porportions. THIS is how vodka sauce should be done folks. I seriously was super full, and I couldn't put my damn fork down. Holy Moly. Her Entree: Lasagna......mmmmm mmmm mmmm. I have never tasted (besides my mommas) a lasagna so damn good. Little Perks: the little garlic knots they bring you. so. not. good. for . the.ass. HOWEVER....that never really matters does it? Also, the head chef is super friendly and so personable that I think I'd go in just to talk food and wine with him. That alone is amazing! You add the food, i'm a sucka! By far my new favorite place :)
<review# 1315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,3/20/2011,66,29,13,14,9>Ah yes I finally get to write my review for this place. I've tried this place a couple times when they first opened, but held back my review until Kor-BQ got their equipment installed. Being Korean and cooking Korean BBQ at home on a regular basis I have no doubt in my mind what makes a good marinade for Kalbee/Bulgogee/Daeji/Dahk meat. Kor-BQ hits the spot with their marinades, where its not too salty, not to sweet and doesn't have you burping the taste for the next few days.I ordered the Pork (Daeji) and Short Rib (Kalbee) takos and the flavors were on key. I also ordered the Pork Kuesadilla and paid a little extra to add Bulgogee meat. BEST DECISION OF MY LIFE HOLLA! I have yet to try the other Korean taco joint in Dallas, but I'll definitely be going there to compare the two. As for the reviews for Kor-BQ stating that its just Korean food stuffed into a tortilla, I would like to slap a big DUH on their face. Isn't it pretty obvious what makes a taco a taco? Sure if you're Korean and you can make it at home it'll be cheaper, but that's like going to good hamburger place and saying "I can make this for a fraction of the price its just ground beef stuffed between 2 buns". But yeah if that's you're case, have fun buying all the ingredients and marinading the meat for a full day and then doing the dishes afterward...All and all Kor-BQ is dope, and I will definitely return...
<review# 1316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2010,3/19/2011,549,363,11,9,9>I want the Shabby Sheep to be my knitting home. They don't know it yet, but I want to be the 'Sheep's BFF and make her friendship bracelets and have sleepovers and tell her my secrets. We're getting there.I've been to the Shabby Sheep three times now and every time I've been really pleased. The owner and worker bees are always super helpful and nice. They have the cutest notions, the most gorgeous yarn, and I really think it's the yarn shop in Dallas with the most charm. It's not a huge store, but I could walk around forever and be inspired by the colors and textures all day. They are a little slow to update their website (I feel like the "open open open" girl waiting for the new class schedule to come out!) and I've never been to knit in the store... I'm a little shy of my newbie creations. I can't wait for the 2011 schedule to start up so I can take some classes! Hurry up girls!
<review# 1317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2010,3/18/2011,725,843,13,15,14>I KNOW Bacon. I don't' mean to name drop, but Bacon and I are thisclose. I can even hang at Bacon and Friends. And I do. This is the best hamburger I've had since Athens Texas. I usually don't go for the big thick patties, but dang! This was the best seasoned hamburger meat I've had in Dallas. One-half pound of tasty tasty cow. We split the Double Dare. Half-pound burger with SIX thick slices of jalapeno bacon and two slices of cheese (pepper jack, cheddar or swiss) and all the fixins. We also had a side of their Crazy Texan topping--roasted garlic, jalapenos and green chilies. It was amazing. We wanted to get it in 1/4 pound size but they put filling in the meat and cannot make it in the smaller patty, so the munchkin and I split. It was still too much food for us. I couldn't finish HALF of the half of the burger. We really tried--it was that good. We also had them add cheese and bacon to the fries. No artificial bacon bits here--real deal. I will post a photo. And as for the folks who say they are under new ownership and don't have the homemade cakes. WRONG--homemade red velvet and chocolate double fudge cake. And to the folks who put in that they were closed on Saturday. Also WRONG--I was hanging with Bacon on Saturday afternoon. Service is amazing. I counted two "sweeties" and about four "gals" in our short visit. Owner came out to ask how the food was. The place was busy but not overly packed and the television was tuned to the Food Network. This is my new go-to burger joint!
<review# 1318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2011,3/17/2011,219,594,7,12,9>Where can you get a cappuccino with smooth velvety foam? Mokah.Where can you find a cool 1960s basement-vibe to ponder life, meditate, and have philosophical discussions? Mokah.Where can you go where everybody knows your name? Cheers.So if you're in Dallas- then really, why not Mokah? It's certainly my favorite place to escape to, for many reasons.The space itself.  A mish-mash of area rugs cover the floor, ambient lighting- light areas and dark corners for whatever mood you're in.  Velvety couches that curve and swirl in a very retro flashbacky way.  This place is comfortable, spacious, and cool.I'm not much of a cappuccino drinker.  But on a recent vacation, I really grew to love them.  I ordered one at Mokah, not expecting too much- and I was blown away.  Cappuccinos are supposed to be steamed milk- that is free-poured to be about 50% milk and 50% foam.  Sometimes foam means airy milk bubbles that weigh nothing and give nothing to the drink.  Velvety foam is light, but dense.  It's very smooth.  Kind of like drinking a cloud.  They do that here, consistently high quality.  Also- other inventive drinks like a Campfire Mokah.  It really captures a bit of smokiness in the flavor, very amazing.  The last thing to love about this place is the social aspect. Mokah is in the Life in Deep Ellum building- which is committed to building arts in the community.  I love to support that.  In addition, they're just good people.  I've seen the barista empty the tip jar and give it someone who needs it more.  On that note- I like to leave big tips here, because frequently they offer specials if you are a facebook friend.
<review# 1319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,3/16/2011,68,94,4,4,3>Yet again, the food at Kostas blew me away (despite what may have been the worst waitress I've ever encountered...more on that later). it remains one of our favorite neighborhood places, and I love that every single night, you can find the owner sitting at "his" table in the back corner with a bottle of wine! This time I actually tried something different. Usually hubby and I get the spanakopita for an appetizer, but this time we tried the eggplant dip. I typically like hummus way better than eggplant-based dips like babaghanoush, but this stuff was out of this world! Creamy and delicious, served with the thinnest, crisp on the outside but soft on the inside, most perfectly garlicky pita bread ever! Definitely get this appetizer...you must. Since I had just pigged out on the dip, and we were having a late dinner, I decided to go with the appetizer portion of the spanakopita with a bowl of avgolemono soup. I dare you to come here and NOT get the avgolemono soup after you've tried it once. It could be 120 degrees outside and I would still order this hot, creamy soup! And the spanakopita was perfect and flaky as always. As for the waitress, I will just hope that she was new. She had no earthly idea what specialty beers they had and generally ignored us throughout the entire night, despite the fact that only 3 other tables were occupied. Our water glasses sat empty for about 20 minutes, at which point we finally asked her to re-fill them...she said OK but then never did it.  Hubby finally confiscated the water pitcher from another table and did it himself. A shame since the service here is usually commendable. Regardless, it didn't take away from our love of Kostas!
<review# 1320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2010,3/15/2011,188,256,7,12,11>Knowing this was going to be my 200th review, I had to make this one a little special.  Thus, we were led to the highly anticipated Hibiscus.  For years I have been hearing about their legendary Crab Dip and Mac and Cheese, and I knew it was only a matter of time until we made our way here.In my opinion, Knox/Hendersen is officially the greatest food-lovers street in Dallas, and Hibiscus now takes its place as king of the block.Basically, there are some things you just shouldn't miss if you value your tongue.1.  Crab Dip- Legendary for a reason. Incredibly delicious, but somehow manages to avoid the heaviness that you would expect from a crab dip from Chili's or something.  The thin salted crackers and squeeze of lemon make this dish a small piece of heaven. DO NOT MISS. Even if you only went for this, you would be satisfied with a 5-star rating.2. Mac & Cheese- Also legendary for good reason.  Every high end establishment has a fancy mac these days, but Hibiscus manages to stand out as uniquely different in both texture and taste. 3. The Brick- What's a "Brick" you ask.  Well friends, it's only one of the finest tasting Strips in this city.  (Literally, I am now salivating in remembrance). The outside is crispy and salty, but this inside is so succulent and well-marbled that you will be very tempted to suck on the bone for 10 minutes so as not to miss any flecks of beef. Paired with an herb butter and tangy cherry tomatoes. Divine, folks.4. Chocolate Cake- Layers of thick, dark ganache, in between the most delicately moist cake you will ever eat.  Chocolate lovers, you have found a new best friend.Other less favorable reviews seem to have remarked on their seafood, which I cannot speak for, but from our excellent experience, this is no question a 5-star restaurant.Welcome to my Dallas Top 20, Hibiscus.
<review# 1321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2010,3/14/2011,106,107,10,12,10>What's your favorite cheese? You better be prepared to answer this question if you're planning on signing up for Cheese 101. And if you respond with a simple "cheddar" many a nose will turn up in scorn, mocking your sorry uneducated excuse for a cheese connoisseur. I went with "I don't know, that's why I'm taking the class" which was only slightly better than "cheddar". Best to stick with a stinky cheese if you want to make friends. Cheese 101 is a seriously awesome class. You get to sample 18 handmade, imported cheeses from North America and Europe for $25, a steal if I ever saw one. The owner and staff are extremely knowledgeable and take great pride in their product. A big part of the class is how to experience the full flavor of the cheese, which includes smelling the cheese before you eat it, breathing out your nose once finished chewing and pairing it with different items (i.e. dried apple, honey, almond, etc.). Do it right and you feel like a total snob. Now I've got an answer for the question about my favorite cheese - the extra aged Gouda from Holland. What is that you might ask? Ha, you ignorant swine, it is hard, crystalline textured cheese that has been aged for five years, with an intense carmel and butterscotch flavor. And if you fancy, pair it with a small carmel to really bring out the fantastic carmel tones. Now scurry along ... I think your Kraft Easy Mac is ready. Everything about my experience at Scardellos was perfect. I would highly recommend it to the avid cheese fanatic and the novice alike.
<review# 1322,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2010,3/13/2011,273,583,4,6,9>This location of Mozart always makes it in the rotation when I visit H Mart. Free wi-fi, comfy booths, and strange decor chairs in the front area. Korean pastries, refrigerated cakes and goodies and some drinks. I was going to order a black milk tea bubble tea and the girl told me it was more like a smoothie, and not like your typical milk tea. Meh, I wasn't in the mood for a smoothie so I backed off. Seems like the employees of this location speak more english than the one at Royal. But yeah, same song different tune. Bakery items are the same, the seating might just be a tad smaller here, but nothing noticeable. Maybe it's in my head.
<review# 1323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,3/12/2011,98,51,2,4,5>I was eager to try out a new pub style dive. A dive it is not. But a cool place to sample tasty beers from all over the world, it most definitely is! The first thing I thouroughly enjoyed were the beer tastings. They had different flights depending on which region you wanted to sample. You have choices such as Local, World, European, and rare finds. Good size tasting and descriptions of each, leaves you with quite a good buzz until your meal arrives. Speaking of meal, the menu i was not crazy about. A place with so many beers should have more of the pub style foods. Maybe it's just my picky palette which needs good 'ol grease when drinking many a beers on a Friday evening. The food tried to be a bit too fancy, so I settled with what their version of a cobb salad. Proscuitto, blue cheese crumbles, bacon, egg, avocado and more. What i liked best was their dressing. Had a bit of a bite to it.Now onto the ambiance. The music had quite a decent playlist. The decor was rich in dark brown woods and a funky stain glass.And what's even more interesting is the people watching. There are yuppies, hippy types, and most of all the designerly artsy cross dressers. It was a grand 'ol time figuring out where everyone was from. All in all, I will go back. Beer Me!
<review# 1324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2010,3/11/2011,118,198,4,10,6>I'll just go ahead and reinforce what everyone else has said. The Back 9 is a good place to watch football on a Saturday afternoon, has good food and a friendly staff!The Mexican is a great chicken sandwich to try. Grilled chicken, mayo, avocado, bacon, cheese, etc. I took a bit of the b/f's and loved it.  I ordered the Spinach salad and what was pretty good as well!Only thing I didn't like, (and this is an City of Addison problem, not a Back 9 problem),you leave smelling like smoke. Apparently a large number of Addison residents smoke because there was not one person in the bar other than the bf and I that didn't have a cigarette in hand. If you can handle the smoke, you will love this place!
<review# 1325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2010,3/10/2011,320,143,8,14,9>Note: I am completely obsessed with this place. It seems that everything they cook, they got the recipe just perfect, and serve it up perfect every time. Atmosphere is so lovely and almost looks fake like you woke up in some time-machine movie (think MJ Fox BTTF, Nicolas Cage Peggy Sue got Married) because everything is clean, tidy and perfectly situated in an old school cafeteria. The only problem is making a decision on what to eat. I love being able to eye-ball the delicious foods options before ordering and knowing exactly what you are getting. Step 1 Meat: Chicken fried steak is amazing with perfect crust, liver and onions are effing delicious (don't judge it till you eat it), smothered steak is as tender as it gets, chicken and rice looked incredible and even tasted better than it looked. Meatloaf is classic. All the other options: fish, beef, etc, etc look great. Step 2 Veggies: Ordering veggie plate would also be a good option. I really want the squash casserole recipe, amazing! Mashed potatoes were perfectly whipped, dressing very home-style, and many bean options. My beautiful aunt like the spinach quiche casserole. Sweet potatoes are yummy and could be eaten as a dessert. Step 3 Bread: Rolls are delicious and muffins even better....zuccini, jalapeno, and the carrot nut raisin could be a dessert on its own. nom, nom, nom Step 4 Dessert: Good luck here...making this decision borderline causes me anxiety...so many good choices. My folks swear the coconut meringue pie is the best they've ever had. Chocolate meringue is very good and high. Cheesecake with the cherries on top is simply perfect. You can get pies and whole cakes to go. Someone special ordered the German choc cake and I secretly wanted to follow them to whatever party they were having to get a piece. The pies looked so perfect that they looked fake. Cookies all looked excellent too. There was a lady stockpiling cookies on her tray like she was preparing for the war. I asked her what kind of cookies she was hoarding, and some raisin nut kind and she talked for 10 minutes about them. I love her. My mom raved about the tea, saying it was the perfect tasting tea, and drank at least 10 glasses and the sweet waitress even brought her a to-go cup...gotta get every pennies worth...that must have been a pit-stop filled hour drive back for my dad. Step 5: Enjoy all the happy eaters and friendly senior citizens, they are so adorable. There were 3 crazy hilarious old-timer men that came up and talked to me, they were so fun! There was a little 10 year old Asian kid playing the piano who just oozes smartness. You go kid. What was I doing when I was 10 on a Saturday morning? Probably watching the Smurfs while fist-fighting over Mr. T cereal with my siblings. Service is impeccable. They take great pride in their food. I came for dinner 30 minutes before close because I had been craving their liver and onions all day. There were 2 pieces of liver left and while they looked amazing, the server guy wanted to give me what was hot off the oven, so I waited one minute and out came the most piping-hot and beautifully huge piece of liver ever. Wow, I wonder if he has any clue how happy he made me that night.
<review# 1326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2010,3/9/2011,191,168,6,12,6>Could this be Havana?  The owner of this bakery goes back to a little hole in the wall bakery located on Old Denton Drive dating to the 70's.  This is as traditional as it gets.  Pastelitos de guayaba, queso, or a mix of both are 75 cents.  The Sandwich Cubano is made with homemade lechon (marinated pork)!  The Owner's daughters (twins) are now helping as co-owners which makes it a really family-owned biz.  The have a small menu for lunch but also offer catering which would be off the hook to offer at a party.  A few small tables to dine inside but most take food to go.  You can buy a long loaf of cuban bread or smaller loaves in a bag of 6.  Other pastries as seen in the pics.  If you have never had a Cuban rum cake then this is your opportunity.  Blanca says check 'em out!
<review# 1327,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2010,3/8/2011,73,357,6,13,2>I'd long been curious about this place because it is pretty much the only Indian place in Garland.  It's weird too that it is in south Garland, basically in Mesquite.  I don't know who they are fooling, their website is indiagardendallas.  It ain't Dallas but nice try. I have not eaten inside, I ordered a bunch of food to take home for a gathering of old friends.  I called it in and they called me back right away to to tell me they had no samosas so would I accept *something I didn't quite understand.*  Although the lack of samosas seemed weird, it turns out that they replaced them with a gazillion pakora; they hooked it up and this is what tipped my review from 4 to 5 stars.  And they were good -at various points they were referred to as "fried balls of goodness" and "delicious Indian hush puppies."  It's always interesting (to me at least) that Indian restaurants are never too specific about what the pakora is -will it just be deep fried individual vegetables like tempura? Will it be a fried ball of vegetables? I'm always pleasantly surprised when they're like this. The naan was just right, the chicken tikka masala was on point, as was the aloo palak and the chana masala (or so I'm told, chickpeas gross me out, I may be the only human alive who dislikes hummus.)  We got something else that I wasn't familiar with -angoori paneer- which was billed as a house specialty, it was some cheese cubes and cauliflower in a a thin creamy orange-y sauce, pretty good.  All in all, I'm really glad that Garland has such a good Indian option and I'm sad I didn't try it sooner!
<review# 1328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,3/7/2011,203,237,4,5,4>Unpretentious, laid back bar.  The warm wood that surrounds you in this place gives it a cozy, inviting feeling.  They have a wide variety of imported bottled beers here so I asked the waitress to surprise me with a Hefeweizen which ended up being a German Pinkers Organic...aren't we fancy!  Quite refreshing.  The menu looked enticing although the chicken pot pie I had was mediocre.  The pie filling was too salty and consisted mostly carrots and bread with very little chicken.  I was attempting to eat healthy, but what I really wanted to order was the Munster fries.  The pulled pork sandwich I tried a bite of also wasn't very inspiring.  However, the mussels looked  very good and I've heard the cheese plates are delish.  Also, I hear the mini grilled cheese that comes w/ the tomato soup is tiiiiiny so be warned.  Free parking before 9pm which is a big plus in this area.
<review# 1329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2010,3/6/2011,608,438,12,14,12>Move aside, Sprinkles and Dimples.  Y'all have nothing on Society Bakery.  I can't begin to explain how great the cupcakes are here.  It's one of those out of mouth experiences that everyone deserves to have once in their life.Society Bakery offers cupcakes are $3 which is comparable to most other bakeries around town.  The taste and quality of the product is what sets this place apart from all others.  The size of these cupcakes are monstrous in size and each is topped off with crazy amounts of cream.  You will find a wide variety of flavors such as your typical red velvet, carrot, strawberry, vanilla, chocolate, and Italian cream just to name a few.  They also have some rotating flavors of the month such as Oreo, peppermint red velvet, apple pie, and the original.The cupcake itself is very moist.  My friends have said that they have had one three days after they ordered it and it was still very soft.  Something in their batter keeps this cupcake from drying out.  Then theres the OMG good cream.  The cream is really soft and actually adds to the flavor.  It's not just some sugary substance to mask the imperfections of the cake.  Seriously, how can other people even try to pass off their version of cream as good.  This stuff is the real deal and the complete package.  Moist, flavorful cake and to die for cream and we got a winner!  Oh, and if Ellen Degeneres says they're good, they must be :)This place closes at 5pm (6pm on Fridays), but if you want to pick it up after hours you can place an order over the phone and they will leave your cupcakes next door at The Corner Market.  I believe they are open until 8pm most days.
<review# 1330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2010,3/5/2011,129,168,9,17,8>After spending a summer in Ethiopia, I often have the itch for injera, and Lalibela scratches. I've been to a few different Ethiopian restaurants around town now, but I think this one has the best food (decor, well that's a different issue).I like how Lalibela doesn't "dumb down" their spicy dishes for the masses. Spicy like they ought to be, and downright tasty. I can also comment on the catering that they offer. I had an event with around 40 guests, and Genet (aka Nani) was great about getting the catering order correct, delicious, voluminous, and punctual. Price was very reasonable for the catering as well.I hereby upgrade to 5-stars based upon the relative taste of the food. About the decor...well, at least it reminds me of how dirty Addis Ababa (the capital of Ethiopia) is, so maybe it has nostalgic value?
<review# 1331,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2010,3/4/2011,66,80,3,4,4>During this time of year Saxybs has the eggnog chai latte and it will get your taste buds dancin'.  For a cold drink, I always go for the british islander frolatte.  It's a latte with a mix of white chocolate, macadamia nut, and English toffee flavors blended with ice.  The coffee shop has glass walls with bar tables and stools running along one side of the wall so it gets a nice exposure to the natural light.  Great location and the staff is very helpful.
<review# 1332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/20/2010,3/3/2011,140,90,10,7,9>Delicious crab + crack cocaine x magic fire = Zanata's blue crab dip.  You could serve this shit in a well loved tube sock with particleboard crackers for dipping and it would still be amazing.  Seriously, order it, or miss out on a fantastical party in your mouth, it's quite simple.Ok, so I'm clearly a true believer in the BCD (and acronyms, apparently).   It's definitely one of the best options on their menu, transcending the appetizer category.  Their other offerings are pretty solid: pizzas aren't anything groundbreaking, but are reasonably priced and have a good array of "gourmet" toppings.  The wine selection seems decent to me (not a real wine fan), but they do have some stellar beers on draught: Maredsous, Stella and Spaten Optimator, say whaaaaat!Salads are ginormous and they have a heavy hand when it comes to adding dressing.  Less is more, kiddos, ease up on that shit, I don't want to drown in my salad bowl.  Still, I like the variety of options there: the spinach and gorgonzola with pears om nom nom, and the arugula with honey, goat cheese etc.If you stick with an appetizer and salad or split a pizza with a lovah, you'll have more than enough food to tide you over, in my humble, but accurate opinion.  You'll also avoid paying out the ass for some of their other entrees which are exxxpensive and wouldn't attain the excellent of the BCD anyway.  Zanata is one of the Rock's better local restaurants and is worth a try if you find yourself out in the far East, away from the confines of Dallas proper ::cue exotic music::BLUE CRAB DIP!
<review# 1333,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2010,3/2/2011,105,201,7,8,9>This place is a fuggin' GEM. I went in on a Wednesday, it looked pretty laid back and that's what i was looking for. I sat down and was quickly greeted by Chris. The place is gorgeous. Chris was telling me how the owners built the bar themselves. They cut and stained all the wood themselves. You can kind of feel the love put into the bar, as ghey as that sounds. It's a low key bar. I only saw two TVs in the whole bar. And one was playing hockey (plus 5 points). It was a relaxed place with a wide variety of people. There was a dreaded hippy, few hipsters, an upper class couple in their 50s, and others all mingling. On an unrelated tangent, the bar has wifi.Chris told me about their Wednesday special on Texas beers. Two dollar draft Shiner Bock, Fireman, and others? Fuck yes. I'm down. After downing my 4th drink on an empty stomach I decided it was a pretty good idea to get some food in me. I ordered a side of their mac n cheese. It was only 2.50 and was the perfect portion!The service was great. Chris and Ross were friendly and quick. I love any bartender or server who makes you feel welcomed at an establishment. A lot of places give good service, it's the rare few though that make you feel *welcome* like you *belong* at a joint. Of course, that could have just been the cheap booze talking. REGARDLESS! I will be back!
<review# 1334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2010,3/1/2011,49,24,5,10,20>What a great time we had.  Boobs, booze & good food?, woohooo. Went with a group of about 20 for my Hubby's surprise Birthday celebration last weekend.  Firstly the enviroment itself was refreshing, the hostess was very welcoming and even complimentary, Our party was seated in the library area, low sexy lighting, plush chairs not your typically tacky stripclub. Our group all had dinner (their date night menu choice is fabulous deal, good quality food and very  inexpensive.) We ended up ordering from the regular menu and found it to be great value and very tasty. The drinks were strong (and happy hourwas til 9) our waitress was great, very pretty, attentive and happy (I think a few of our friends were not so lucky with their girl but hey....ours was great :-P ) id say 90% of the girls I saw here looked awesome and there was a great variety of "types" which is great. Of course some of them seemed pretty disinterested and I was hoping for a little more impressive show/dances...but then there were those  that made up for the prior and were just awesome. Friendly sexy and fun.Music was varied and for the most part enjoyableAll in all, a great night. We ate, we drank, we were merry and The Lodge was a great place to do it..About 1/2 of our group remained until the very end of the night so of course our tabs were pretty healthy but not shocking. They welcome us gals...so ladies, grab your boys/girls and take take em for a sexy date night, you wont be disapppointed. We will definately return.
<review# 1335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2010,2/28/2011,137,147,8,6,3>This is good froyo...I think deciding between I Heart Yogurt and Pinkberry comes down to personality types. If you are a do-it-yourselfer and want to grab the bull by the horns, then this is your place. Just corral one of the freaking gigantic cups (don't forget to lift with your legs to avoid back injury) and load up.  Seriously, these things are just about large-popcorn bucket-sized. Varied selection of flavors. When I went, the texture was nice: I prefer my froyo a bit softer after it has melted some, and this came out that way from the machines.  Toppings could use some labels.  I did like the mini reeses peanut butter cups!  One side note, the slatted benches are torture if you have anatomy similar to mine (own an ass). I will have to stuff a pillow down my pants if I ever sit on them again.Here is where I make my case for Pinkberry: if you are the type that likes to be waited on hand and foot (like me), then Pinkberry is your place.  They take care of all the difficult topping sprinkling for you with a smile.They serve it in a manageable cup size suited to your liking. And you don't have to grab the topping handle that a 10 year old with lesser hygienic skills than MY 10 year old just grabbed, and I can tell you about 10 year olds' hygienic skills...trust me.So, just do a quick Rorschach ink blot test then head to the appropriate corner of Preston and Royal for your fix.
<review# 1336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,2/27/2011,105,217,1,8,7>We attended the Easter Brunch at Chamberlain's this year for the first time, although we had visited the restaurant several times over the past decade.  Mrs. Bear and I went with a close personal friend.  I attended mainly for the Prime Rib, which I believe is the best in Dallas.  The restaurant was promoting a menu of Specialty Easter Drinks but we opted for champagne mimosas instead ($10 apiece) starting at the bar and then moving to our reserved table.  We shared tastes of each other's appetizers, which included the Texas Shrimp & Grits, Crispy Lobster & Scallop Dumplings, and the Smoked Chicken and Baby Spinach Salad.  All were pronounced excellent.  For entrees, two of us had the fabulous smoky Traditional Slow Roasted Prime Rib and Mrs. Bear had the Alaskan Halibut with Parmesan Omelet Crust.  All were judged to be excellent.  For dessert  I had the Warm Double Chocolate Cake and the others had the Classic Creme Brulee.  Both were excellent as the rest of the meal.Our waiter was attentive and courteous, and the Maitre D' checked on us a couple of times to make sure we liked everything.  The parking valet was johnny-on-the-spot service.  Our total tab exceeded $70 per person, so the place is still not a cheap date, but it still gets my vote for a reliable special-occasion restaurant.
<review# 1337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2010,2/26/2011,384,355,2,6,7>I think most sammie shops are pretty much the same these days... unless they have something unique to set them apart from their competition.  JJ's doesn't really have anything unique but it's always fresh (this is key) and filling and a good value. The Beach Club is my fave (okay, maybe the sprouts are unusual).  But, I hate that you can't see the topping bar like at most sammie shops.  (Maybe there's a good reason for that?!)
<review# 1338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2010,2/25/2011,207,393,4,4,4>Finally, something good comes out of Austin. I'll happily give Torchy's a spot in my Taco/Burrito rotation (Freebird's, Chipotle, Fuzzy's, Taco Joint). These little bad boys are hearty-sized (two is plenty), and choc-full of unique ingredients: poblano sauce, fried chicken, escabeche carrots, green chilies, slaw, pickled jalapeno, resting atop fresh-made tortillas, all served fast-casual style in little red baskets. I started with the Republican, which was the weaker offering, consisting of basically a spicey hotdog; the Democrat, which as a Reagan Republican pains me to say was far better than the obviously homoerotically-tinged Republican wiener; and the Trailer Park, which had some really tasty fried chicken strips.  The only limiters is that Torchy's is hard to find (it's hidden from the street, behind Potbelly's), and WTF? No beer? A taco joint from liberal and cool Austin has no beer, huh? Yeah, I see you have ol' school soda flavors, but "Meh," I want a Shiner or PBR with my barbacoa. Finally, lose the 1950s doo-wop music. It doesn't match the image of flame-red walls, cartoon devils, and tacos named Dirty Sanchez.
<review# 1339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2010,2/24/2011,70,221,,8,7>As promised here is my review of Four Lounge and Ladies' night! I started off thinking that this was a bigger place so I drove by it twice. I was actually really happy when I walked up to discover that it was a little hole in the wall (which I personally believe these places are the best anyway). The place is great! Soft lighting, pillows, comfortable seating and even a little patio if you want to venture outside. I had no idea that the ingredients were as fresh as I had heard! I could actually smell the mint when I walked in. I first decided to start light and ordered a champagne with the homemade blackberry syrup. Wow that was great and refreshing for a hot summer night. I decided to next go a little sweeter. I might as well since I was enjoying chocolate covered strawberries. I ordered the cupcake martini. Wow this was so sweet but very strong. It came complete with whip cream and sprinkles on the top. I also want to compliment Keith on a exceptional performance. He was not only mixing the best drinks I've had in awhile, but he also took care of his customers. The table next to me was celebrating something and he came to the table and mixed her a drink right there. He also was going to various tables asking if everything was satisfactory (which omg it was)!!! You are defiantly a true mix master!!! I am coming back next week and will most certainly bring more friends! You get the gold star in my book for wowing me for the week!
<review# 1340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2010,2/23/2011,55,65,2,6,5>If you doubt whether or not a sandwich can change your life forever, I defy you to eat at Great Endings and then walk away unchanged. Seriously, I am ruined for all other sandwich establishments.Tucked away in the recesses of industrial Dallas, Great Endings is actually a catering and events company. However, they recently opened up a small portion of their establishment as "Great to Go: Carry Out or Dine In Market", where they serve lunch from 11-2 during the week. Most people get their lunch to go, but there are also three small tables inside.So what's so great about a hole-in-the-wall catering company that's only open 3 hours a day, you ask?GE BISTRO: 5 stars! Herb grilled chicken, praline bacon, pepper jack cheese, lettuce, tomato, pesto mayo on an herb grilled hoagie. The chicken is tender and perfectly seasoned. The pesto mayo is crack sauce. And the hoagie is buttered and toasted, making for one dripping hot mess of a sandwich. I went with a friend who has been a few times. When I asked him what to order, he said he could only recommend the Bistro, because after trying it once he could never order anything else. Now I understand why. Hooked after one taste, I may never eat a different sandwich ever again.BOURBON CHICKEN SANDWICH: 4 stars. A well crafted sandwich with a nice sweet bourbon glaze.CHOCOLATE CHIP PILLOW COOKIE STUFFED WITH BROWNIE: 5 stars! Do I even need to explain this one? This is the dessert you always dreamed of inventing as a kid but didn't know how. It really is a soft chocolate brownie ball with a chocolate chip cookie baked around it. Can you say food coma? They also offer a WHITE CHOCOLATE MACADAMIA version, which I hear is also mind melting.OK, so why am I not giving 5 stars, overall, you ask? Consistency. And it all comes down to the chicken. Sometimes it is moist and grilled to perfection. Other times it comes out just a tiny bit dry. Still makes for a good sandwich. But in order to be 5 stars, it needs to be 5 stars every time.Go eat lunch at Great Endings!
<review# 1341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2011,2/22/2011,66,117,4,7,6>Goghee To Go.. Wow what an experience. An hour long wait at the minimum during lunch time is what you can expect. When you arrive here the first thing you have to figure out is the parking. So once you park you stand in a line which takes about 20 mins or so to get to the window to put in your order and then another 40 mins before you get to see your food. Good thing it was a UYE because there were plenty of Yelpers to talk to as the turnout was awesome. (Props go out to Corina for arranging this!) I ended up ordering 3 tacos - one beef, one chicken, and one pork with h caramelized GimChee on the side. The fully loaded Tacos average about $3.65 a taco including tax so they might be considered pricey to some but hey these are Korean Taco's after all. My favorites were Chicken and Pork. I was not a huge fan of their Beef Taco. The GimChee on the side is highly recommended. Despite the torturous affair, I plan on going back here a few more times to take my friends and coworkers. Overall the food was not bad and I recommend it because I know of no other Korean Taco joints in town and therefore I give it 4 stars for simply being a fusion Taco concept.
<review# 1342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2010,2/21/2011,144,157,6,5,9>Cheap drinks served by a a fanged bartender beneath a stuffed cat hanging from the ceiling.  Now let's Tarantino it and go back.  We hit the Slip Inn about 11 pm on a Saturday after leaving J. Black's. If not looking for this place, you will miss it.  Its on the corner of Henderson, but is attached to a convenience store.  The smallish sign on the roof is easy to miss.  There is an adjoined parking lot, but on the night in question a good many of the spots were filled with cars clearly driven by epileptic drivers.  Three or four empty spots but no way to fit into them because of the erratic positioning of the other vehicles.   We parked down the street without problem and made our way to the bar.  We got asked for our ID's which thrilled the ladies in our group, but left me bemused.  If I could lie to myself better perhaps I would have been thrilled too.  No cover - nice.  The place itself is only about 4 patrons wide around the bar, and runs back to a smallish dancefloor.  The DJ was spinning old school hip hop to an appreciative crowd, including myself.  Indeed, a few drinks under my belt and i'm singing along to Erik B and Rakim with one of my fellow barhoppers.  The drinks were not expensive.  I swore the first time I ordered that I must have been seeing things when I spied fangs on my server.  Apparently not.  I withhold the urge to order a Bloody Mary just to stir things up, and instead stick with Crown.  By midnight the place is brimming with energy and people.  I am still able to maneuver to the bar when needed, and get served by Lestat.  This is a very good sign.  By 1 am the place is packed and the tunes are still  pumping.  We flow out onto the back patio which at this point is a breath of fresh air.  Literally.  I enjoy a few more drinks and the amazing company and am both surprised and saddened when a staff member makes his rounds to say that its closing time.  This is the best sign.  When the combination of good drinks, great company, a no-stress cool vibe, nice crowd, good service, all just sorta blend together, and time seems to slow to a halt.  At least until 2 am.
<review# 1343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2010,2/20/2011,241,251,5,6,5>I found myself in my old North Garland stomping grounds with a powerful burger craving. I just happened to see this place as I passed by my old(now closed) Tom Thumb. I am glad I took the time to drop in. First, the guy who waited on me was extremely personable and form the way he talked I think he was the owner. He was extremely friendly and took some time to discuss some of the signs that they are using as decor. Second, the place was extremely clean-even the restroom! Third, I like the laid back vibe of the place-not a place you want to go if you are feeling rushed-but perfect if you have a few minutes to spare. Ok-what about the food? It delivered. I had the Texas Burger which is a half pound burger with jalapenos and cheese mixed into the patty. It was cooked to a perfect medium. Very flavorful and would be very filling for the average person, I imagine. I did not get any fries on this visit but did see some being prepared and it was enough to make me decide there would be further investigation. Why did I skip the fries-because I spied with my little eye the Fried Twinkie on the menu. Maybe you have the willpower to say no to this-I don't. Now I have had a lot of fried foods at the fair but have never had the twinkie so I knew fate was intervening! Was it delicious-hell yeah. A light batter around that sweet clean twinkie that fried up golden brown-served with a drizzle of fruit(raspberry, I think) and whipped cream. It was awesome-I will gladly lay down my 2 bucks for this treat again. The menu is not extensive so if you are not wanting a burger or chicken strips this may not be the place for you. If,however, you have a burger craving and want to support a local business stop in and enjoy. Remember save room for the twinkie.
<review# 1344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2010,2/19/2011,541,525,11,11,13>Listen up people, here it is the big kahuna.... DON PANZA IS BACK, sort of.  For those of you who remember my obssesion with that place (read my old reviews) they closed for a while and honestly, I wasn't sure if they were gonna re-open.  However one day, the BF got an email saying a new Argentiean place was now open.  Could it be?  Is it true? Have you come back into my life? Let the empanada orgy feast begin!  Now under the new name La Carreta, you had me at La. In the area they call NOBA...North of Bishop Arts, they are now in the mix of getting things done...and making it right.  Located right next to the Beckley Brewhouse...it makes an amazeballs location. When we walked in, immediately I was floored...the place is spectacular!  New smell, clean floors amazing tables and decor.  They now serve beer and wine,  at the old place it was BYOB.  So that's a new plus! Right?  My liver thanks you. *bows* I was sad when I walked in and didn't see the old owner; I thought maybe this was just a new place.  Le sigh. But low and behold, there she was.  I saw her come out the double doors almost in slow motion and I went crazy...practically assaulted the poor thing.   We chatted for a little while about the move and how angry I was she made me wait so long.  The cute as a button waitress brought over a little bowl of Argentinean bread dumplings (if you will) with this amazing chimichurri sauce.  FINALLY we got down to business and decided on food!!!  We ordered our favorite pizza (hearts of palm, egg and cheese; don't knock it till you try it) and got a dozen empanadas, a whole assortment of Spicy Beef, Spicy Chicken, Tomato Cheese and Basil and the Chicken, olive, cheese and onion one.  Good lord.  Call my mama, bring me a box of tissues...I'm...gonna...cry.  It's literally the same menu only more refined.  The kitchen is about twice the size and they have more staff now!!!  They are still a little on the slower side, but come on, they are getting used to the much bigger space and more customers.  So this is their free pass.  I'm so proud, I could cry.........again. Don Panza...I mean La Carreta...you complete me and my need for amazing downhome empanadas.  WELCOME BACK MY LOVE!!!! It's so good to have you! Kisses, me gusta.
<review# 1345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2010,2/18/2011,71,207,9,18,9>I finally got around to going to King Spa today!  I've been feeling a little under the weather lately, so my mom suggested a trip to the sauna, which I accepted (hello, she was paying, and I'm not crazy).  We met up there at 3pm, and my mom whipped out two admission tickets - turns out she bought a pack of 10 admission tickets in advance, which is nice that they offer that, in my opinion.I had my mom to sort of guide me through the experience, so I can't speak for the helpfulness/English-speaking abilities of the staff, although the woman working at the front desk spoke perfect English and perfect Korean.  Anyway, you pick up an outfit (pink for the girls, grey for the boys, yellow for the kids) and take off your shoes.  The large shorts barely fit me, as I'm a larger gal, but in the women's locker room I saw some women asking for bigger sizes, so bigger sizes are available, just not out and visible.  You have separate lockers for shoes and belongings.Mom and I did the sauna stuff first - every room is incredible, although I REALLY enjoyed the salt room and the pyramid room.  The salt room smells absolutely amazing thanks to some herbs hanging in the room, and the pyramid room is a little cooler than some of the others (although you'll still break a sweat).  I didn't venture into the fire room, or whatever it's called - it felt like Hell in there to me.We took a little food break, where I got some delicious soup and some baked eggs.  There are little metal cups for you to get some water whenever you need, which I definitely took advantage of.After a lengthy shower to cleanse ourselves of sweat, we indulged in the spa.  I was a little self-conscious about getting naked in front of a bunch of women, but quickly realized that no one cares what you look like.  All anyone cares about is relaxing, and that's exactly what King Spa is.
<review# 1346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2010,2/17/2011,249,256,13,27,16>In the Ghetto - Checkthe correct Asian to White people ratio - checkBadass Authentic Thai food and groceries - Mega Check MoFo.a little place tucked back away from the busy intersection of murder and assault.  Next to a Bingo establishment, near a Pizza and chicken joint (what a combo), and with an unassuming yellow sign that does not come close to signaling the greatness inside.If you are Thai there is a good chance you know this place or a place like it... It rents out Thai "movies", which are more like soap operas. bag fulls at a time.  Slot machines hidden in the corner behind some random Thai kitchen utensils.. they are legal as they do not dispense cash, or perhaps you know it as the place you get your calling cards to call home. As a grocer it does well.. maybe 4-5 aisles of Asian groceries.. These aisles might be no longer then 20' long but they have all you need.The refrigerated section packs all the veggies you would need including pre-shredded green papaya and tiny Thai chilies for making som tom.Where Somphou really rocks my world?  In the back.. now you won't really see a menu.. and there isn't really a ordering board or a counter or even a waitress.  What you will find is Thai ladies.. working away in the kitchen.. Bring your knowledge of Native Thai cooking and place your order and then prepared to be amazed (make sure you bring a smoke for after asI know you like to light one up after you ... umm.. pray).My can't miss dishes here?  Larb (especially Larb Duck as they are the only place I have ever seen that does this).  Som Tom - Thai or Laos style (I prefer Thai style) and some sticky rice..but really I imagine anything that comes from this place is good.  They also have a ready made section up front if you are looking for a fast cheap eat.My Mom (who recently passed away) first took me to this place, when we first moved to Texas there used to be another Thai place down the way we would come to all the time.  But now Somphou has taken it's place.  The owners are great and if you are looking for authentic Thai anything.. it is here.I love you Mom!
<review# 1347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2011,2/16/2011,33,85,2,8,7>On a whim, we decided to stroll in here last night hoping to get a seat at the bar since the reservation list goes about a month deep nowadays.  Sure enough, 2 seats were available so the wife and I were treated to what's quickly becoming my favorite restaurant in Dallas.We shared the salumi misti and the beef tongue as starters.  The salumi misti is best enjoyed with a beer after a week of work.  That really got me warmed up for the weekend!  The beef tongue was a repeat from our last visit, so that speaks highly of it.  Seriously, don't get scared at the idea of eating tongue, just get over it and put it in your mouth.For first course, we shared the sea urchin risotto.  Delicious, but as it is with sea urchin, it's hella skrilla for minimal sea urchin.  Don't expect a pound and a half of this with your risotto.We shared the veal for the second course, and it was cooked very well and paired with fingerling potatoes.  Great portion for the price.Dessert was a ridiculously nice brown butter gelato served with poached pears and prunes.  The older Asian in me enjoys the fruit with the dessert.  If you roll like this, I'd suggest it.  It's worth noting that sitting at the bar really adds to the experience, and I really would suggest it (especially if you can't wait a month to eat here).  Watching the staff interact, create and plate the various dishes always connects you more with the experience, and given how small this restaurant is and how (relatively) small their staff numbers are, it adds that much more to the experience.I expect good karma by telling you that couples CAN chance it and enjoy Lucia without having to make a reservation for a month out.  I could've kept it a secret and enjoyed it for myself, but I'm a generous guy.  Maybe if you see me, you send over a drink.  Or a cannoli.
<review# 1348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,2/15/2011,973,92,34,35,38>Wow. Talk about making a good impression. Hypnotic donuts live up to the name as having some hypnotic, crazy ways of producing a donut. If you are wondering when they open, they are located inside the pizza guy shop and open for business on sat and sunday 7-10 am before the pizza guy starts their business. I actually ran into the owner on the corner of frankford and coit at a stop light. He rolled down his window and asked me if I wanted to try some donuts from his business. I remember 1st hearing about them when he started the business he would be driving a black surburban around various areas in Dallas, and indeed the car he was driving was a black surburban. Now naturally at 1st I was quite shocked and startled, but when I saw the black surburban, i put 2 and 2 together and figured why not, free donuts i guess ill try them out. We pulled over at the gas station across the street and he gave a box of 6 of his delicious. Now I have heard of hypnotic before and there is no doubt in my mind that if I had never heard it I would just look away and go about my day. We conversed a little bit and he shared about his business and what days theyre opened and blah blah blah. We left with a handshake and a box of 6 in my hand free of charge. What an owner. Inside contained the hypnotic donut, the mexican, and a couple others i havent figured out the names yet. The donuts itself have a cake like texture to them which i love. I commend him for literally starting the business from the ground up, and having the balls to try out different flavors, and interacting with the community. Thumbs up Hypnotic!
<review# 1349,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2010,2/14/2011,131,327,5,5,7>Oh Windmill...where would I be without your crass appearance, surly staff and generous pour? You, in all your dive bar ways, complete me.The crowd is laid back, friendly and never the same. Aside from the cool vibe, the Windmill tends to be a little different every time. This last time, they rocked out with a DJ throwing down various beats from the 60's, 70's, 80's, 90's, today and the future (no, really...had to have been). They actually had a dance floor going, so no worries on catching on what to do when the DJ started. AND due to the heavy pour of the bartenders (thank you!) we were all more than willing to bust out some moves from the  60's, 70's, 80's, 90's, today and the future (no, really...had to have been).If you're looking for a chilled bar with a friendly crowd right in the heart of "where the hell am I" Dallas, you've found your place. Patio, DJ and surly staff await you!Parking: If the lot behind the bar is full you can park around the corner by the grocery store, but DO NOT park across the street or walk alone. :)
<review# 1350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2010,2/13/2011,145,236,11,10,10>I had the best experience at City Hall today.  I got a parking ticket on St. Pat's day (damn those Irish) just off McKinney.  So I went in to challenge it.  Got there at 8:35 am.  The receptionist was still settling in but put my on the docket and had me take a seat.  A few minutes later I was called in.Raised my right hand, took my oath, and through expert legal maneuvering, ipso facto, carpe diem, and quid pro quo Clarice, got out of my ticket.  Suck It meter maid!!With my chest puffed out and feeling like I could take down Vegas, I remembered I had an old address on my drivers license. Went downstairs, turned the corner by the renewal place and Oh Snap, guess what I saw.  No line, no fuss. 2 birds, 1 stone.  Thank you Mary Suhm and thank you City Hall.
<review# 1351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,2/12/2011,205,232,4,5,5>Why is Kalbi so good? Why??  WHYYYYY???!  I want to come here and just eat 9 lbs of it...  All of you should try this meat first over anything else.  The side dishes are great too, I was afraid to try one of them, I think it had fish in it??  But the Kimchi and Radish (think it's radish) and sprouts are fantastic.  The place is Atkins friendly too so you can wrap the food in lettuce.  I still prefer rice though.I'm from LA and go to Korea town once in a while.  The Korean BBQ restaurants there are cheaper, and the meat is unlimited in a lot of places.  I'm not really sure why this is, but I have a feeling it's because there aren't a lot of Korean BBQ places to eat here, so there isn't any incentive to make prices cheaper.  But honestly, the food is still bomb here.  The atmosphere is very quaint.  I've never had bad service in a Korean restaurant, and Chosun has excellent service.  So hungry right now writing this review.  Oh yea, not to sound like a wienie or anything, but you for all you who don't know, you can have them cook the meat for you if you don't want to do it yourself.  Sometimes you're on a hot date, and don't necessarily wanna smell like Bulgogi when you walk out.
<review# 1352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2011,2/11/2011,167,230,7,9,8>Alright, Whiskey Cake...you got me. You got me good.I was ready to scratch this place off my favorites list until we had dinner here last night.I think it was that guava gimlet that won me over. Plus our waitress, Deanna, was super efficient and just so damn nice (not to mention way too cute). We did try the Texas Blue Crab Cakes for starters. The remoulade was fantastic!I decided to try the Banh Mi here and it reminded me of the conversation two twits had the last time we were here. They were poo-pooing someone's review mentioning the Banh-Mi...guess what you stupid twits- it will rock your twit face off!! I couldn't even finish it. The spicy pickles and the 'sweet and tangy veggies' are NOT an accurate description of what is included in the sandwich. It should read 'just some badass veggies, trust us on this one.'The boyfriend had Prime Cut Top Sirloin. After his first bite, he used the f-word. Yeah, that one. He said it was one of the best steaks he had ever had.All and all a great place. They have really worked out the kinks here and I hope this place sticks around for a long time. I have fallen in love with you, WC.
<review# 1353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,2/9/2011,63,63,5,11,7>Wow, this place is definitely underrated.i loled at Scott's review : "The little restaurant is shadowed by that communist vibe, and prepared by Mexicans.  For a cheap lunch it's passable." The shop is comfortably located along the LBJ service road, and certainly does not exude the "communist vibe" lol, everyone is really nice. My sister and I came in and ordered a bunch of rolls and the total came out to a measly $20. $20 of sushi at any other place would've been probably two poop rolls, but this place we ordered around 7 rolls. Talk about sushi heaven. :) A lot of other people complained about the fish smell, but when I went the smell isn't even noticeable. If anything, the shop is a lot cleaner than many other Asian grocery stores. If you've been to an Asian grocery store, you know it has a very unique funky smell (no offense). Kazy's isn't "Tokyo One" where the sushi rolls are already pre-made for you to pick up, they actually have people make them after you order. Sure the chef isn't Japanese, and not wearing a fancy schmacy outfit.. but the rolls are still great. ;) I come for the food, not for the appearance. This shop is now my favorite sushi place in Dallas. :)
<review# 1354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,2/8/2011,443,598,4,11,9>Okay, this may sound very un-Korean of me, but I did not have any of the tofu stew that they serve up. I know, I know, sacrilege. I actually wasn't in the mood for eating a whole bowl of the tofu stew by myself so I just ordered some bulgogi and shared it with my friends that sat next to me. The bulgogi was quite delicious and wasn't plated with a bunch of filler like those things called vegetables and the served amount was bountiful. There was actually some left over and friend, Katie C., had no probs taking the leftovers for breakfast/lunch. I hope she didn't end up with major garlic breath at work, lol.They don't serve alcohol here, but it's BYOB. That means run next door to H-Mart and buy some beer or sake; or both and make your own sake bombs. TDGTH will even give you some cups if need be. We came about an hour before close on a Sunday night and they were quite willing to host a group of about nine people, major props. I believe we were in the only area of the restaurant that could hold up to 12 people, I think. The rest of the seating areas were up to about 6 people.
<review# 1355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2010,2/7/2011,92,346,3,8,8>Um, wow.  I was slightly afraid of taking a group of friends to dinner at an unknown and untested restaurant on South Lamar, but as usual, trusting all you Yelpers didn't let me down.  This place is fantastic.First of all, they could tell we were first-timers, and the next thing we knew, they were sliding samples of their ribs across the counter.  Oh my.  They were divine.  Meat fell right off the bone, and the sauce is fantastic.  I ended up sticking with my traditional BBQ order (chopped beef sandwich), but those ribs...mmm.  Tempting.A friend of mine got his chopped beef sandwich order before mine came out, and for a moment I was terrified.  "Um, did you order two sandwiches?"  Nope.  Order one, get two.  Oh dear.  Sure, the buns are small, but together, they're definitely bigger than your average BBQ sandwich.  Wow.  Lovin' it.I wish the entrees came with sides, but our group bought a few pints to share, and that worked out nicely.  The potato salad is yummy, but pretty standard.  The beans are delicious and less standard.  There's definitely a signature flavor there.  The cole slaw...talk about signature!  It's got bell peppers and blue cheese.  Whaaaat?  Honestly, I wasn't a huge fan (I like my cole slaw boring and traditional), but one of my friends called it "the best cole slaw I've ever had."  So there are two opinions, and you can taste it and decide for yourself.We ate on the patio (the only dine-in option -- so either go when the weather's good, or get takeout).  Yeah, it's not the most scenic patio in Dallas (hello pipes and warehouses), but it's not bad, and with the addition of 4 policemen who drove up to grab some dinner, I felt pretty darn safe.  Plus, all the employees who work here are super friendly (did I mention the free samples?), and the LCD screens for the menu make it very non-sketchy.  Probably not a place I'd tell my mom to check out with her girlfriends, but a place my dad would love for lunch and my friends DID love for dinner.  You get the picture?OH, and they're open until 2 am on Fridays and Saturdays.  Helloooo late-night drunk munchies.
<review# 1356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2010,2/6/2011,150,120,14,12,9>If you can ignore the fact that you're instantly transported to an episode of Roseanne*- Town East Bingo is the place to be!*not a bad thing, I LOVE Roseanne.If you've seen one bingo hall you've seen them all.  There is smoking and non-smoking and tons of A+ people watching. I especially like this hall because a)it's really close to my apartment b)it's open 7 days a week, twice a day ,and c) it's cheap.$10 gets you 12 games of standard bingo.  They come around a LOT with pull tab games that are pretty fun so bring cash as they are only $1 each and keep you entertained during game switches.  Watch yourself though- an addict like me can easily spend $10-15 extra on pull tabs when I thought I was having a thrifty night out.  There are also a lot of opportunities for extra cards for the standard games.  I'm not advanced enough to play 800 fuckin' cards at one time yet though- I've tried it and I go insane trying to keep up.  I'll save those extra cards for the people with their own special dabber purses and bingo decorated seat cushions - the REAL Bingo players.There is a snack corner here with the standard high school sporting event quality type of foods- nachos and such- plus "specials".  I can't say I've tried it...and I don't think I will ever say I have tried it.For those of you new to the game - night sessions begin at 7:15 with "early bird" games at 7PM.  Get there early to get behind the old man with the stuffed bear!  Hes next to the woman with the BINGO seat cushion and the special edition dabbers. He passes the bear over to you if you get a bingo, and if you press its paw and it yells "BINGO!!" and sings! ;)The night session usually gets out around 9:15. Night Owl games begin afterward, but I haven't made quite the gambling addict leap and stayed for it.... so I don't know how long it goes.My only complaints are: small section for non-smokers, the games go a little bit too fast to keep up sometimes, and they are constantly playing reno and not blackout or postage stamp...or...um...ok..I'm a gambling addict and am going to go stop being a loser now.
<review# 1357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2010,2/5/2011,259,574,3,8,5>Definitely a girly place. I went here for lunch today and there was not a man in sight, but it was exactly the place I was looking for. I wanted a quiet little place that I could grab some lunch and have some quality time with my kindle. I ordered the grilled cheese - which was amazing (really) - and it came with pasta salad of the day (greek was today's flavor and I was not a fan and a small version of the angel house salad (Organic baby spring greens w/ granny smith apples and topped with "crunchies" and a balsamic vinaigrette). I didn't expect to like the salad, but it was actually really good. I also ordered a cup of the chicken and green chile soup which was also excellent. I was surprised by the fact that they had 3 different iced teas to choose from - peach mango, cranberry hibiscus (*yum!) and regular. It was a little pricey, but not horribly so.They also have an entire case of delicious sweets if that interests you. On a prior visit I picked up an assortment of these and found that the macaroons were greatness so I grabbed a few more of those on my way out today.
<review# 1358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2010,2/4/2011,1341,757,6,10,8>I gotta bump up a star for this place because after all these years, everything is still the same. :) It's nice to have consistency. I'm still faithfully devoted to their black milk tea and their taro frappe. I went here yesterday to meet up with my friend for lunch and yea... their portions are still pretty hefty and reasonably priced. I love that I can still get 2 meals out of an order. I still stick with their rice dishes and avoid their curry like the plague. I don't think I'll ever get used to their seafood curry but I have acquired the taste for their popcorn chicken. lol I actually crave it sometimes. It's still my tea house of choice to go grab a magazine and gossip with friends while sipping on my  black milk tea with boba.
<review# 1359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2010,2/3/2011,148,98,9,5,5>We had some friends in town so we got to be "tourists for a day" in our own city. Which was actually really fun. (I admit I cheated and used my IPhone to look up Dallas info to dazzle folks.) First stop on our tour was The World Aquarium. It was a big hit with both the kids and grownups. The Mayan Dance Troupe, Croc feeding and Penguin feeding/talk were definitely the highlights. The otters were a big hit too! They are in open glass tanks that allow even the tiniest of visitors to see the otters underwater. This is truly one of my favorite places in Dallas. The birds roam relatively free and you feel that you are in the middle of a tropical rainforest. Really cool place. However it can get really crowded on the weekends. DANGER: You have to have blueprints and/or be a secret agent to get into and out of this place without going through the gift shop. And the gift shop causes 2-6 year olds to melt the heck down if they don't leave with a stuffed penguin.
<review# 1360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,2/2/2011,308,111,9,11,8>I have long been dormant from review writing (about a year now), but Bubba's has motivated me to jump back in. All other reviews here are spot on--the reason I add this is because:a.)  I just discovered their bat-cave entrance DRIVE-THRU (accessible only from Snyder Plaza) which can get me in and out of there with breakfast in, like, 2 minutes.b.)  A biscuit & sausage sandwich w/*side* of gravy is--literally--2 dollars.  $2!!!! To quote a Seinfeld girlfriend: "They're real, and they're fantastic."c.) The ladies at the counter and the drive-thru window seem to be genuinely happy to work there and are really nice to me every time. My first venture here in a few years was only a couple of weeks ago. Got a biscuit, side of gravy and also the hash browns. At first, disappointment because the hash browns were actually breakfast potatoes or "home fries"--not actual hash browns. However, disappointment turned to GLEE quickly upon tasting them. They are perfect. PLUS--the awesome lady fixing my order stuck in a hunk of sausage not only in my container of gravy (bonus!), but there was also a hunk of it down under the hash browns!! (extra super-bonus).Lunch? Babe's-style chicken? Excellent vegetable sides? Yes, definitely. All of that is true.BUT DON'T FORGET TO GO FOR BREAKFAST! It is super cheap! And lastly, their gravy is real. Unless you're satisfied with thin wallpaper paste like most places have, you'll need to get yourself over here pronto.
<review# 1361,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,2/1/2011,199,332,2,7,5>I rarely look forward to eating green food. I tolerate the spinach, asparagus, and peas of the world and stomp my feet like a temperamental infant when broccoli or brussel sprouts are involved. Salads with nice leafy lettuce, on the other hand, can be the perfect light meal for those days that my belly insists on hanging over the old belt buckle. Luckily, Snappy Salads can whip me up an interesting combination of flavors for me or let me control my culinary destiny if I'm feeling randy.There is nothing extraordinary here just a plethora of fresh ingredients. However, when you create your own, you get six of these yummy staples and a dressing of your choice. The servings are ample so that the "small" salad is actually enough to constitute an adult's whole meal.Please be advised that a salad with some form of protein will run you in the neighborhood of $10 but it will be worth it. You will be full. Your mind will be happy that you ate healthy and your taste buds will need a cigarette to celebrate the experience.The last but significant feature is that this place is truly green. They use recycled and biodegradable utensils and cups. Kermit may has sung that "it's not easy being green". Perhaps if he had a Snappy Salads to visit, he would have sang a different tune.
<review# 1362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,1/31/2011,325,161,5,15,8>Veracruz Cafe in Bishop Arts is where I was born a foodie. It's not that the food was spectacular. Although, don't' get me wrong, it's really really good, but what sold me the combination of decor, service, and location, along with the great food, that combination makes this my favorite restaurant. They are located in a renovated 1920's - 30's Bishop Art's District building which makes it stand apart from the ever growing chains in "boxed-in" buildings. There is a beautiful wall sculpture made out of old cabinets that the owners found in the same space and the dinning areas are not overly large but the very high ceilings along with the eye candy colors, give it a spacious feel.The service has always been very good in the many years that I've been going. I, nor my dates/friends, have ever gotten a wrong order or sloppy service and I recognize many of the same servers each time I go. This equals a consistent high level of service and quality.Although, I have been to the location in Cedar Hill, which is much bigger and much fancier, it is also much emptier. In Bishop Arts there are so many other places to go and see that you can easily make a day of it. Although the food tasted just as good in Cedar Hill, I was not drawn to come back, the ambiance was not the same. When I go on a date in the Bishop Arts district, I know that we can stroll along the many shops & art galleries and take in some cool night air. without the sounds of cars zooming along some interstate. Location is everything.Last, but certainly not least, is the food. To give some perspective, I grew up eating Mexican food. I am used to "real" Mexican food, prepared by a "real" Mexican, (I call her mom) but here the food is unique. It does not cater to the "Americanization" of Mexican food. It simply used the regional recipes of Veracruz. Veracruz, the "New Orleans" of Mexico, has been influenced by every trade ship and immigrant that came into it's port. That huge cultural influx of cooking ideas were added to traditional Mexican dishes. Every bite is so familiar, but with the subtle changes make a welcomed deviation. Veracruz is the place I would invite a "real" Mexican to eat, without worrying about insulting their palette. Case point, my mom loves it. Buen Provecho!
<review# 1363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2010,1/30/2011,290,376,5,8,7>I rarely write a 3rd review update except in special circumstances. Today was one of those. Not about the great food, but about the overall outstanding customer service! Today was a "Murphy's Law Day"; i.e. what could go wrong did go wrong; but in a "laugh at myself" kinda way! What else can one do but see the bright side of the personal blunders of life! Craving some pizza, I head to my recently new found place (again, thanks to Jennifer R) in the 'hood for a slice or two, and relaxing atmosphere, to once again reading that darn book which I keep trying to finish. So, let's recap this: A) Greeted by friendly, accommodating Andreas (Gino was not there today), and ordered my standard glass of Merlot to sip while reading. B) Drink delivered and placed my order for my fave pizza, the Pizzarella special, minus ham & green peppers, adding spinach and ricotta. C) Piping hot pizza delivered and sat upon the tall dish. Yum, can't wait. Took the serving implement to lift a slice onto my plate, and in doing so, hit the side of the dish, propelling the slice down the front of my black & white shirt, onto the top of my legs adorned with white Capri's, falling upside down. YEP, upside down, all the sauce and toppings resting on my lap. My oh my, it was quite warm! D) Amazingly, I was quite calm. Took my fork and scooped all the crust and topping off my lap onto my plate and gazed at my now streaked white pants with tomato sauce, mushrooms, tomatoes, cheese and sausage blending together on my legs. Gathered a few napkins and wiped up as much as I could. My Capri's are covered in red sauce and white cheese, with a few black olives to add contrast. E) Ignoring my potentially ruined clothes, decided to pursue my culinary delights, reached for napkin wrapped eating utensils across the table, and it only got more interesting; knocked over my glass of wine, shattering the glass and sending splashes of Merlot in every direction, further decorating my black and white top, my book cover and car keys. This is when I finally gave in and said the "D" word, not "Darn" but the other one. I heard conversations at an adjoining table go very quiet as they observed this "blonde" female making a complete fool of herself. Mom would not have been proud. (I mumbled a silent apology, looking upwards to Mom!) F) In a futile attempt to stop the flowing lava of Merlot towards the table edge, grabbed a handful of napkins to wipe up my mess, and latched onto a shard of glass and cut my hand; now I have red stuff blending with the beautiful deep burgundy color of my lost wine; NO, I was not tipsy, had only drank about a 3rd of my glass; kinda wish I had that as an excuse for my clumsiness, but unfortunately not. Andreas rushed over to come to my rescue, asking if I was okay, and said he would be right back to clean up. I was soooo embarrassed and humiliated, but he was gracious, concerned and attentive. I wanted to crawl under the table and suck my thumb. G) Andreas brought another glass of wine and I continued my dining experience as if nothing had happened. Pizza was delicious, plentiful toppings and wonderful crust. I then noticed I had failed again...forgot to specify "thin" crust. My bad! But the "original" crust was quite good, the edges great for dipping in the marinara and garlic butter sauce (thanks Joe F. for the heads up on that) . Perhaps today was the one to get all the challenging stuff behind for the year? So now on, it is bright sunshine and happy days! And, this is an excellent chapter for my one day memoir. Great neighborhood spot as I've stated before; even when one makes a complete imbecile of oneself, you can still go back with head held high and a smile on the face! Thanks, Andreas, for your great service! To nurse my so damaged image,  I ordered a Tiramisu to go, which I will cuddle up with in my jammies tonight to watch Private Practice and lick my wounds, even tho I'll be 5 lbs heavier tomorrow.  Small price to pay.Only thing left is lots of sprays of OxiClean and a trip to the dry cleaners to attempt to save my Anne Klein Capri's. (Don't be too impressed, I have a friend who is a buyer for a major dept. store and I receive her discounts!)  Life is good!
<review# 1364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,1/29/2011,128,273,2,20,9>I ate there and had their Andouille Sausage and Angus Beef Burger with their Truffle Kettle Chips. Sounds amazing? Well, it was. I was really impressed. I was really just planning on having a drink but the food looked good so I tried it and am glad I did. The whole experience reminded me of years ago being at the Barley House when it was on Knox-Henderson and I was hungry so I ordered dinner and was shocked by how good it was. When you go to a pub your expectation is that they have a big fryer in the back where they will fry anything for you (chicken, fries, wings, etc.) but don't do much else. The Draft House isn't like that at all, their food is good even though it is definitely a casual bar. I didn't try them but the menu also had different kinds of brats and a pulled pork sandwich that caught my eye as well as a selection of flatbreads and sandwiches, but truthfully once I saw the andouille sausage and angus beef burger, I knew exactly what I was getting. The place has lots of flat screens around and a patio in the back that is kind of an oasis. It is right next to Carolina's Mexican Cuisine and The Draft House's patio isn't nearly as nice as the Carolina's patio but The Draft House is a more casual and comfortable place all the way around and Carolina's is more like a little less pretentious Mi Cocina. What else can I tell you about The Draft House? They have a good number of beers on tap. Not a selection as big as the Gingerman or something like that, but I would say there were 25 to 30 and a good mix of the usual suspects and some randoms. The Draft House is in the old Shuck N Jive space and they did a good job redoing it. It feels a lot nicer and newer and cleaner than the Shuck N Jive did and it also feels lighter, but you can tell they tried to keep at least some parts of the old space here and there because it doesn't feel like a fake new Frisco bar but feels like it has been there for years even though I don't know if they have even been open a month. TDH is a good place and had a good crowd when we were there. I was very pleasantly impressed and will definitely be going back.
<review# 1365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2010,1/28/2011,193,345,7,7,5>Hmm, it will be tough to add anything to Joe F's completely accurate review, however he did forget to mention that I had a hot dog.  Yes, a perfectly juicy brat on a bun, with kraut and mustard.  In a restaurant, on a plate.  How awesome is that!? WITH sweet potato fries. Be jealous.  My only disappointment was that I never actually SAW the "candy man" from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory (you know, the one who swirled around on the ladder with his hair parted down the middle, wearing a bowtie), but I KNOW he was there.  I'm definitely not leaving without a few lbs of bulk candy and chocolates next time, not too sure about the pickles.  My only caution to you is to watch out for the blue hairs in the pink cadillacs, that parking lot is DANGEROUS! Better to avoid the early lunch crowd and hit Neuhaus up after 1pm when it's a bit safer to make the trek across the parking lot from your car without being hit by a Buick. The old flock to this place, it's like a cast reunion from the movie, Cocoon.  2 wrinkly thumbs up for Neuhaus!
<review# 1366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,1/27/2011,322,339,,10,5>Jewelry lovers - you have a brand new shopping venue. The Shining is a jewelry boutique that carries a lot of unique pieces, namely because they house independent and obscure jewelry lines that are not readily available in the Dallas area. If you want a piece different from everyone else's jewelry: this is the place to go. The prices are reasonable, but even so, I bet I could spend an entire pay check in here in one visit. Therefore, I am imposing an allowance on myself whenever I decide to go here next. The owner, Vicki, is super friendly and obviously loves what she's doing. She's also Texan - so support you locals. Plus, she opened her store on Friday the 13th - so home-girl's got some cajones Awesome jewelry. Good prices. Cool owner. Gold.
<review# 1367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,1/26/2011,98,143,4,6,5>For the close proximity to my apartment, the WRL dog park cant be beat. Every time I come the parking has been pretty easy, though on nice spring/summer days you may find that you have to create your own spot out in the gravely area. Every time we pull in to the parking lot, Frankie knows exactly where we are going and gets super excited.I like that this place is separated into small and large dog play areas. I dont go to the Bark Park for this reason. I also appreciate that the fences go all the way down to the ground and also up pretty high for the larger doggies. At the Bark Park the fence is pretty low and does not go all the way to the ground. Frankie has successfully escaped from there meaning that WRL is the only dog park I can take her to. I always meet super friendly people there who love to strike up conversation....typically about dogs. There are the occasional rude people though who do not watch their dogs. I have noticed that rude people often have rude dogs too unfortunately. For the most part though the pups always have a blast! I don't know about the big dog area, but I have not had issues with poop control in the smaller area. Typically people always pick up after their pets though sometimes it's difficult when you are engaged in conversation with someone and don't really notice where your pooch has laid a deuce. My biggest complaint here is the amount of grass. It seems that over time the park has become increasingly dominated by large areas of dirt (mud). While I don't mind Frankie getting down and dirty, sometimes it can be pretty ridiculous. Especially after a light rain the park just turns into a mud pit. I wonder how often they try to re-seed this place. Seems like maybe some landscape renovation is due before spring is upon us in full effect.
<review# 1368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/27/2010,1/25/2011,213,499,6,7,7>Blast!!!!  I was so excited to try the Grape's #1 in Texas cheeseburger (even more excited after some recent excellent reviews) but unfortunately it is not the burger for me.  Here's why:1) Too large!!! It was surely comical watching me eat it because I could BARELY fit it in my mouth.  Hmph.  The 10 oz patty was big enough but add buns, cheese, bacon, beefy slices of tomato, thick cut horseradish pickle, and lettuce, and you've got a monster to contend with.  If the patty were smaller I think it would alleviate most of my issues with the burger.2) The patty, though oh-so-juicy, was sadly underseasoned.  And because there was SO DANG MUCH OF IT, the lack of flavor was unmistakable.  So yeah, less patty, more seasoning, and let the flavors of the tasty bacon, cheese, dijonnaise, toppings, etc. come through.3) The patty was TOO juicy!  It was a PERFECT medium but dang.  Part of my arm got practically burned when I started eating because the juices were dripping everywhere and they were HOT!  And very pink--if you don't like a thick pink center to your burger you should definitely ask them to cook it more.  The bun was definitely a casualty--the bottom half was sopping wet within the first few bites because of the juices released and because of me squishing the thing down so that I could eat it.  Again, I think if there were just less meat I wouldn't be trying to contain Niagara Falls in my mouth. That is indeed what she said.Maybe if you're a guy or you have a giant mouth these wouldn't be issues for you.  I think it's very close to a great burger, it just didn't work for me.  I still give four stars though because the place is SUPER cute, service was awesome, my friend's blueberry griddle cakes were pretty great, and the dinner menu on the chalkboard made me hungry even as I was eating Behemoth Burger.  So I'll definitely be back, just not for the burger!
<review# 1369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2010,1/24/2011,226,292,11,10,8>It's been tough for me to stop in to Yao Fuzi because I get easily distracted by:1) Cheap beers, tequila and Tex-Mex at Blue Goose2) My favorite Thai chef at Mango's3) Quick and friendly sushi at Sushi AwajiWith those options, and given I'm not a huge Chinese fan, I figured I'd try it once and be done with it.Almost weekly I get a call from my pops telling me about the amazing meal he had at Yao Fuzi and how next time he'll make sure to invite me.Three months after this initial declaration, I made good on the offer and tagged along this past Friday night (apparently 27 is the magical age when dinner with family is more exciting than going out with your friends).ANYONE THAT WANTS TO GO TO YAO FUZI, I WILL COME WITH YOU - I DON'T CARE ABOUT TIME, DATE OR IF I HAVE TO PAY - PLEASE FOR THE LOVE OF ALL THAT'S HOLY TAKE ME WITH YOU.OK, now that I have that out of my system. Let's talk about the service. It was obvious that my folks have been coming here for a while by how they were treated. At least three people stopped by to say hello, and they were more than happy to bring out samples of wine until the right one was found for our meal. The two greatest examples of service were as follows:1) They found out it was my stepmom's birthday and brought out a complimentary massive chunk of tiramisu (and it was gooooood).2) When we left, the valet had the car already pulled to the front (apparently this isn't an out of the ordinary experience either).Now for the food. We ordered:1) Vegetable Clay Pot - my favorite, loads of broccoli, mushrooms, onion, bell pepper, baby corn, carrots and water chestnut in a bubbly brown sauce. Everything was cooked/simmered well and the brown sauce was loaded with ginger and garlic - how can you go wrong?2) Jalapeno Chicken - they warned my folks that it was extra spicy this time. Translation: I got almost the whole plate to myself. The jalapeno was fresh and had a bit of heat thanks to them not removing the seeds (I hate when places do that). The chicken itself was tender and soaked up all the great flavor from the sauce.3) Crispy Beef - Juicy slices of tenderloin, sliced and wok-fried in a sweet, syrup-y sauce. . .how could this be bad? Oh right, it wasn't. The meat practically melted in my mouth and the sweet sauce had me scraping my plate. While a bit heavier than my usual fare, the meal was amazing. I'm looking forward to a return trip to try some of the more traditional items on the menu. . .hell, I'm looking forward to a return trip. Period.
<review# 1370,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/11/2010,1/23/2011,125,194,6,6,6>It's 2010 and my New Years resolution is to go to more dive bars. But no, I need to take it a step further, as I am not one to half ass anything. I have gathered a group of my favorite hoodlums ( aka- friends) and we have decided to try 1 -4 new dives each weekend on a mini crawl through DFW. We even came up with a rating system based on 10 criteria: Drinks, Games, Entertainment, Decor, Atmosphere, clientele, food, bathrooms, Music, and Miscellaneous. The Goat was the lucky #1 on our list. 1. Drinks- excellent selection ( limited top shelf), nice pour, cheap prices. They do not have any other red wine other than Merlot ( don't judge, I wasn't trying to be fancy at the Goat, it was colder than a witches titty outside and I needed something to warm me up), however, their house Merlot was actually very fruity and tasty! 2. Games- slot machines, a pool table and of course a quick touch with many exotic photo hunts available. 3. Entertainment- a live bluesy band. Excellent. 4. Decor- many large tables perfect for groups, lots of mini bars, exposed brick, Xmas lights, no frills, dive-tastic. 5. Atmosphere- old, dim, but warm and unassuming 6. Clientele- old and beat. But sooo nice! One lady offered to take our picture and another lady picked up scarf when it fell on the floor. 7. Food- I didn't see a menu but I did see bags of Doritos, a box of candy bars and a Lance's peanut butter/cheese crackers too. My inner 8 year old was happy. 8. Bathrooms- much as you would expect in a place like this. Truly truly disgusting. 9. Music- epic juke box. I chose some Isley brothers and The Band. It fit the mood perfectly. 10. Miscellaneous- it absolutely reeked of throw up in here. It hit me in the face and burned my nose hairs the second I walked in the door. I won't hold it against you Goat, but it did make need an early departure before I added my own perfume to the throw up scent. Would I come back? Abso-freaking-lutely. But this was not the best dive of the night. Maybe we got here too early.
<review# 1371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,1/22/2011,462,279,28,7,9>I take it back.  All of it.  Daddy Jacks sucks.  The interior isn't at all perfect for a romantic, cozy date nor is it acceptable for a Tuesday night dinner out with your kids.  The servers, some of whom have been waiting tables longer than I've been alive, have no idea how to turn your meal into a dining experience befitting a white table cloth restaurant with $50 entrees.  The chef has no desire to create a dish that was a special 6 months ago and is the only thing your son will eat.  You won't like the food and you'll be hungry when you leave.Seriously, people.  You won't like Daddy Jack's.  So go ahead and pick someplace else to eat so I can walk in the door without a reservation again.  And while we're at it, I want my regular table back.  Move along.  There's nothing to see here.*Today's message was sponsored by the Sarcasm Society of America and brought to you by the letters J and K.
<review# 1372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2010,1/21/2011,199,275,3,14,10>I'm a running addict. When it comes to working out, the high impact and heavy stress of running is what I crave. However, in an effort to change my routine, I heeded Flor V.'s advice and took a week at Gaia Flow. WOW. I knew I liked yoga after taking a trial week at Sunstone but not like this. The whole studio feels like  a warm welcoming family. After being made fun of in front of a class at Sunstone by an instructor for my inability to hold a pose (true story), the instructors and community at GFY were a breath of fresh air. What I love is the sense of family and the the rejuvenation you feel after sweating out poses for an hour. Reference Flor's review for all the basics, she has it spot on. The instructors are truly here to help you and not to judge. The first trial week is $15 and then should you decide to keep on- $49 for the first month and $115 a month for unlimited yoga after. I think that's pretty reasonable for enlightenment, eh?While I also use yoga as a supplement to my half marathon training, I find that I look forward to yoga as a treat and not so much a workout. Also, I have really awful anxiety and since starting at GFY, I feel  a noticeable decrease in my anxiety attacks. Strange but true!The spiritual side of Yoga is really introduced at this studio and it's not just a bunch of Real Housewives looking to be trendy in skimpy clothes. You sweat, you detox, you feel, you think- it's a really great experience getting to know those around you as well. All in all, GFY is a great place to grow spiritually and physically. They provide the tools and support for you to really understand Yoga. I'm so excited about my workouts everyday, it's just ridiculous.
<review# 1373,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2010,1/20/2011,213,158,7,8,8>Four stars, only because I'm saving that last star clincher for when I actually visit her little shop in the Bishop Arts District....but I'm thinking that is going to be soon because I may have just developed an incredible addiction to her truffles. *twitch. Big bad boss man, who has been mentioning this place for a while now, actually brought some in this morning for us to try. Chocolate for breakfast?? Sure why not.....right? It' Friday...bring it on. First we admire her packaging, craft boxes, hip logo (we ARE in the advertising business after all, haha)...then he reads off some of what he brought...and interest immediately peaked. Having sampled some competitors "specialty" chocolate recently and being disappointed, I was anxious to give this a go.....Handmade marshmallows, that looked like little biscuits but felt like powdery spongy clouds caught my eye. One kind where chocolate with.....wait for it.....cocoa puffs in them! HELLOOOOOO....so of course I want to try the other kind....that had chocolate bits and fresh coconut in them. Hello soft nuggets of angel wings....I heart you. Then........fudge. Fuuuuuuudge. And not just any fudge, fudge with figs...fudge with toffee.....fudge with some sort of flavored oil......FUUUUUUDGE. And the fact that it had melted a little in his car, just made it all the more messy and slobber-worthy.Now for the curry caramel popcorn. You read right....caramel popcorn, with all the loveliness it alone carries...dusted with a curry spice.....that tingled your taste buds and then BAM...back heat. Not expecting it...but oh so loved it. I can see this stuff being HIGHLY addictive. *drum roll please*.....and now....the star of our show this fine Friday morning....TRUFFLEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSS. Holy monkey toes, people...i took one bite and knew immediately that we would meet again....and again...and again. Not only do these precious little pieces of chocolate love have the PERFECT amount of dark chocolate creamy center, but her subtle unique flavors are there to just tickle your taste buds and have you grabbing another piece. Seriously...these are amazing!!! Again, I have not visited the little store that is perfectly placed in the bishops arts district, and this small tasting is only a hint of all the unique things she offers, so know that with a reaction like this to just a handful of her brilliance, that I am soon to visit her haven to have my mind blown. Chocolate for breakfast, ftw.....duuuuuude, SWEEEEET!
<review# 1374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,1/19/2011,281,210,5,8,7>AMAZING!Pros:1. Cheap2. Right by White Rock Lake3. Cheap4. Beer biscuits5. Cheap6. Interesting crowds- everyone welcome!7. Yummy breakfast burritoCons:1. Cash only2. Sometimes there are messy and annoying babies who crawl up into my personal space. Yuck.
<review# 1375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,1/18/2011,610,180,2,9,5>Why is my mouth already salivating reminiscing my time here?  My friends wanted to watch the fight somewhere - one guy found out they would play it here!  Nice...This place is located near Addison but away from all the craziness on Beltline.  That was nice.. You walk in and you can already feel the moderness.  Flat screen tv's on every wall - they had both the fight and the LAL vs Boston game going on.  Take your pick!  I walk up to the counter and I already know what I want... TURKEY BURGER!  (Hey I'm trying to be a little healthy here).  I added all my fave things - sauteed onions, mushrooms, jalapenos, and cheese.. and to top it all off, a FRIED EGG!  Yummyyyyyy  Let's not forget I got the wheat bun too.  Heatlhy.. remember?The bf ordered a regular cheeseburger and some sweet potato fries. YES!  They were crinkled cut and had just the right amount of sweetness to it.  Mmm!When my burger came out, I topped it off with some more veggies which were fresh from the condiment bar.  I like how I can customize my burger in that way too.  My burger was juicy and full of flavor.  It was a tad greasy.. bc you know, I'm trying to go for healthiness here!  But I thoroughly enjoyed it.  I had a bite out of the bf's burger and I liked his too.  Both patties were really thick.. impressive!  Everyone else enjoyed their burgers as well!  So we stuck around after finishing our food and the main fight came on.  I had a good time watching it there because of the full bar with really cheaply priced drinks.  The place has this upscale yet casual feel to it.  After the game, they play really good music that made me stick around even longer.  Fun times!
<review# 1376,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2010,1/17/2011,3760,1373,14,8,10>When my homeboy Chad invited me to meet up at Strokers I was "stoked" to go to a new place, a straight bar dedicated to bikers with imagery of blonde bombshells walking around.But when I drove down this quit empty stretch of highway on a cool Texas night I felt transformed onto the set of a modern twist on urban cowboy or a European travelers stereotypical dream of what Texas is like.   A band played Stevie Ray Vaughn inspired country rock on a stage outside as I sipped on my $3.25 Lonestar.  To my happiness, 16oz PBR for $2.25 is the advertised happy hour special.  The outside venue is new, huge and clean with covered picnic table area,plenty of beer tubs and parking spots to drive in your motorcycle and show it off, which is encouraged.I asked for French fries and the sexy bartender chick said "we're not that fancy". So  I ordered a grilled cheese that was made with American.  She apologized for burning my first one.I was in a sort of heterosexual trailer park heaven.
<review# 1377,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,1/16/2011,569,258,5,8,5>Chipotle, guacamole & cheddar burger I forgot to take a picture I was just to damn hungry.  Imagine this place not very busy Sunday nights are just great plus it's Easter.  I really wanted to try one of their shakes but I felt like I might need mouth to mouth if I ordered the shake.  I had to pass on the shake since I couldn't find any willing candidates that wanted to perform mouth to mouth on me.  Maybe next time I can find someone one willing but oh well.  The burger was great and my Dos XX was ice cold.  I always love the bread & butter pickles and the spicy pickles I can eat those almost as a meal.  I have never been here when it's crazy packed which is good for me since I'm not very patient.  The staff was great and very friendly they asked if everything was OK and did we need anything else.  It looks like they have moved the drink machines to the left of the register and the ice machine was up and running.  I know I have been a few times and the ice machine was out & one of the sodas wasn't working.  The burger was very juicy and cooked to perfection.  It always seems when I order fries that I am the one that gets the scraps of the fries.  That alone isn't enough to keep me from going back.  The food is very good and I'm always looking for a great burger.
<review# 1378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2010,1/15/2011,31,146,5,11,7>I loved it!Went with my wife for a nice night out and we were both impressed.  The server was very enthusiastic, made excellent recommendations and was very accommodating to all of our requests.  The artwork is one of the first things you notice.  Its absolutely stunning given the sharp contrast of the bright colors against the dark atmosphere.We started out with their "2000 AWARD Winning" caesar salads and Arnold Palmers.  The salad was good, but not extraordinary (at least to 2010 standards lol, j/k).  The drinks, however, were very sour.  The waiter asked how they were, we said they're fine, but he noticed we weren't really attacking them with desire, so he said, "you know, these shouldn't be in these glasses (short and round), let me go speak with the bartender and have him make you better, fresher ones in the right glass."He came back with two fresh ones in tall glasses, and that was the shiznit.The Prime Aged 22oz Cowboy ribeye cooked medium-well was very juicy and tender.  Even the leftovers I had the following day were delicious (you just have to heat it right, sprinkle with a lil water, put in toaster oven on 300 for about 7 min).The Colorado Lamb Chops were very flavorful and came with the perfect accompaniment, a honey mint pesto sauce.As for sides, the creamed corn was too rich and creamy for my taste.  The flavor of the corn was overwhelmed with fat.  The "Damn Good" Fries were very good and served as the perfect side to the steak.  Lastly, the mac n cheese was done just right.  (All of these were half orders by the way, and yet very fulfilling).Part of our last discussion with the waiter led into Nick & Sam's Grill, and we're eager to try it out for brunch or lunch one day, and he also mentioned that "here at Nick & Sam's we really try to cater to everyone's requests, so even if you want something that's not on our menu, just call us in advance and no matter what it is, we'll be sure to have it ready for you."Service that's tough to beat?  Hell ya!
<review# 1379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2010,1/14/2011,70,154,12,9,6>200 reviews later, there isn't much left to say about Fuel City Tacos that hasn't been covered in its 9th iteration.  However, I think it's worth it to say again that it's a damn good taco in order to convince that last individual out there who hasn't tried FCT.Location - Scarytown, Dallas, TX, USA.  Hiliariously housed inside a gas station.  Order at a window.  No place to eat.  Stink up the car for rest of week.Prices - Irrationally cheap.  $1.40/taco means I can afford way more than I can eat.  Reconciling the two is the hard part.Food - A disregard of health.  Not a total disregard in a Doubledown sort of way, but pretty close in that the Barbacoa is rich tasting because it's like a squirtgun of grease.  They offer a choice of corn or flour tortillas which is great because corn is much better than flour.Corn tortillas for life.
<review# 1380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2010,1/13/2011,147,117,8,9,7>A break through...For the first time in almost a year, I fought the urge to not get whatever the special taco of the day was.  Whether it be the unbeatable brisket, the crispy fried chicken, or the amazing fish.  I feel good about myself.  I went with a Lester, which is a better version, of the double decker, same concept, just....ya know........REALLY good.  I had your standard crispy taco, ate it in 3 bites, IJS.  And a chalupa.  Now, I wanted to talk about the chalupa.  It is a tostada topped with all things taco.  But if you have had one other places, you know the struggles of trying to cut the thing into bites, or lifting it to your pie hole.  Both resulting in a total topping explosion, and you lose precious taco innards.  But at TJ, they solved this problem.  The tostada, is uneven, so there is room underneath to cut, without the sacrifice, and top that with the rojo sauce, and you're in business.Two other great things about TJ....The first one, may only be funny to me, but try it.  Sit at the bar, and while you are watching the mad dash in the parking lot, of people deperatley trying to hurry to get in line, before that guy, and still look professional.  Anyway, watch the people around you, and when they call their name, make a note.  Then(like i did today), when they sit back down, in a very loud a touristy voice, just go "How's the tortilla soup, TOM?!"....And the second thing, is being located a hop skip and a crosswalk away from Baylor Hospital, TJ is full of doctors, nurses, and all that.  So, if you trip making the parking lot dash, or choke on your burrito(giggidy), or pass out from how good the food is.....your covered.
<review# 1381,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2010,1/12/2011,126,176,30,15,14>After reading an entire book about the imminent zombie apocalypse and seeing the proof as displayed by Zombieland (GO SEE IT!), I knew it was time I took my preparations to the next level.  An accomplice and I strolled into DFW gun knowing full well we would stick out like an erection.  However, the friendly counter guys were patient in schooling us giggly girls on the ethics and skills of  loading, aiming and firing a handgun...a Glock 9mm something-or-another.   After selecting from a collection of different targets (we went with the classic human torso with target areas marked), we chose a lane and went at it rather awkwardly.  Like 13 year olds trying to get to 3rd base awkwardly.  I of course wanted to set the target as far away as humanly possible to test my aim, which the employees strongly discouraged.  Apparently my lack of natural gun-firing ability is obvious.After 50 rounds of firing, I was still not used to the loud crack of the gun (which resounded off of the walls in the tiny firing range), the kick back and the shells ejecting out, bouncing off of the lane barrier and slipping swiftly beneath my shirt for a not-so-pleasant burning sensation in the most delicate areas.  Not to mention semi-automatic shotgun-toting Vet in the lane next to us.  We left feeling less like Clive Owen in Shoot 'em Up and more like remedial BB gun shooters at summer camp.  I think I'll see out an outdoor firing range for my next pre-apocalyptic practice session.
<review# 1382,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/26/2010,1/11/2011,255,323,5,18,10>I came strictly to try the burger.  I can't afford to drop $60 on a steak at lunch.11:30, this place is dead.  It started to pick up as I was leaving, but if you're in the mood for a fast lunch, come early.The space is very nice, with an appropriately dark dining area AND a light and airy bar area that opens onto the patio.Service was excellent. (+ 1 star) Attentive without being intrusive.  The tea was delicious, with hints of spice and citrus.  Absolutely not worth the $2.50 charge, however. (-1 star)I was pleasantly surprised with bread service prior to getting my burger.  I love me some popovers and they served an Andre the Giant version with a ball of sweet and spicy butter.  My burger came out quickly after ordering.  For the first time ever, I actually got an undercooked burger.  Decidely RARE and not medium rare.  Not a biggee for me (I used to eat raw hamburger mixed with Worcheshire Sauce), but my burger was lacking the nice crackle of a good crust.The fries were perfect.  PERFECT.  And dusted with excellent sea salt (nice, long flakes of it).I also received a little cup of cherry tomatoes that were soaking in balsamic vinegar and a little oil.  I'm not a fan of tomatoes, but I ate the whole thing.  They were delicious.The burger was well formed (ground in house and not overpacked), seasoned well.  Nice bit of smoked cheddar melted over the meat.  There WAS bacon (of course!), but it was totally overpowered by the meat and the house made steak sauce.  (-1 star)The brioche bun was a failure for me.  It just couldn't stand up to the juiciness of the bun.  The bottom was soggy by the time I got to the second half of the burger.  Too much bun on top.  Maybe it was just a bad slice of that bun?  (-1 star)Overall, a decent burger.  But if I'm paying upscale casual prices for a burger, it better be a damn good burger (like Craft).My advice if you want to get the burger here, 86 the steak sauce.
<review# 1383,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2010,1/10/2011,127,93,7,9,7>I woke up one Sunday morning (ok, it was noon) rather hungover after dreaming about the best burger ever...think cheese melting, grease dripping, etc.  Half-awake, I wiped the drool off of my face and decided it was time to find that burger.Well, ladies and gentleman, that burger is upon us.  My BFF took me to Village Burger Bar and showed me the burger of my dreams.Juicy meat, melty ooey gooey cheddar cheese, lettuce, tomato, onion, dill pickles & CHAMPAGNE MUSTARD.  YUM!!!Margaritas were $3.25.  Got the Chamborita.  Party in my mouth.I will be back--I want to try their paninis and eat more sweet potato fries...
<review# 1384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2010,1/9/2011,231,448,5,5,7>What can I really say that hasn't already been covered?  I'll admit that I've slacked a little lately seeing as how, a few weeks ago, I had no idea this place existed & now I have been to it twice: once for lunch and once for dinner.  I left both times utterly stuffed, completely satisfied, and still wanting more... (twss?)Both times, my friends & I bellied up to the buffet, which comes to you via conveyor belt.  So maybe this makes me a bit of a 5 year old, but it's fun to have your food come to you in this manner.  I get all excited when I see something yummy approaching.  Oh, the anticipation!  I tried the miso once and the ginger salad once, both of which I enjoyed.  We also plowed thru a few bowls of edamame *nom nom*  I appreciate that the rolls come 2 pieces to a plate because I can be bold and try new stuff without worrying about wasting a lot of food.The two times I've been, it wasn't overly crowded either at the buffet or the stand alone tables.  All of the staff was friendly and attentive and that included those shuttling away our massive stack of plates as well as the sushi chefs, who will make stuff you like if you just ask.  At dinner, we got our choice of sushi and they made us a yummy roll just for our section.  It was a nice way to make our dining experience more personal even while enjoying a buffet style meal.On both visits, I got out of here for relatively cheap given the amount of food I consumed.    I love that it's around the corner from my place, though my waistline might not appreciate it after a while.
<review# 1385,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/28/2010,1/7/2011,895,667,47,26,22>I met two of my male friends here a few Saturday's ago.  It was during the afternoon so it was kind of weird not being drunk and walking in from a sunny day to the dark bar with naked girls.  I felt a little awkward at first because I wasn't sure where to look.  Do I look at the girls dancing and if I do, do I look at their boobs or their face?  After a few beers and a few shots I felt more relaxed.  I tipped a dancer and she rubbed her boobs near my face.  That was awkward.Final thoughts of the place from a girl's perspective:  EXPENSIVE!  Miller Light was about $5 and three shots cost us $24.  The music also sucked.  They played a lot of country and cheesy rap that I didn't even recognize.  It was still fun taking a peak into a boys day of fun.
<review# 1386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2010,1/6/2011,220,341,10,13,11>Until yesterday, I had a deficit of good Italian food nearby. Flames and Angelino's recently closed, and Amici's is off my list (yelp.com/list/places-tha). Pizzarella is decent, but it is not what I would consider 'authentic' by any stretch. Enter my culinary hero: Kenny Bowers (of Kenny's Wood Fired Grill and Kenny's Burger Joint). He opened a new Italian place yesterday (11/11/10) in the old De Tapas space in Addison and it ROCKS! Kenny's Italian is based on the "New York and Boston" style of Italian food. The menu is filled with garlicky, buttery, cheesy and red sauced goodness. None of these items should be served with restraint, and Kenny's artistry is evident with every bite. The menu is not huge, but it is filled with recognizable favorites and a few surprises. (Insert mini-rant: If you need a bazillion choices, get your ass to the Cheesecake Factory so I don't have to wait behind you for a table at Kenny's. End of mini-rant...thank you.) We started with a bottle of Layer Cake Red Zin, and it is always lovely with Italian food. I started with the Midnight Meatballs. They are a combination of beef and pork, and unlike other places who make their meatballs with bread crumbs Kenny uses white bread so that they are incredibly moist. This is definitely one of the best balls you will ever wrap your lips around! The sauce was an excellent coat for the meatball, but it did not overwhelm the flavor of the meat. Perfection! My entree was the mushroom ravioli. Large pillows of pasta filled with flavorful mushroom deliciousness. They were lightly covered with a smoked gouda cream sauce, white truffle oil and smoked ham cubes. It was rich, but the flavors meld just perfectly. After the meatball appetizer, I could not finish my raviolis so I'm really looking forward to left overs for lunch today!! Sugar Bear started with the cheesy garlic bread and tomato basil soup. The garlic bread was amazing...butter drips down your chin with every bite. It sounds excessive, but it is divine! The soup reminded me of the marshmallow soup from Rise No. 1. It is not cream based, so the flavors of fresh basil and tomatoes really shines through. Even though the soup was good, the tomato-e-ness was a little bit toooo much of a good thing with the red sauce on his entree. I think something non-tomato based would be a better starter...mushroom soup or something would be my suggestion. Sugar Bear's entree was the Filet Pizziola--red sauce and melted mozzarella cheese on a beautiful filet accompanied by pasta and red sauce decorated with mushrooms, onions, and roasted peppers. DAYUMN!!! It was phenomenal!! Everything about this dish meshed so perfectly! He ended his Italian feast with a cannoli and coffee. He had to use his reserve 'dessert stomach' to place all this food! The cannoli was fresh, not overly sweet and a nice size. We look forward to checking out the tiramisu on our next visit. Kenny's restaurants are renowned for top tier service. Even though this restaurant is a bit more casual than the Wood Fired Grill, the service is a fine replica of what we have come to expect at Kenny's establishments. Our waiter, Jarrod C., could not have been more helpful and made our first experience here quite enjoyable! Bonus feature...Jarrod is Italian, so he really knows Italian cuisine! We appreciated the time and detail he spent answering our questions and offering helpful advice. If you are not already part of the 'Cult of Kenny,' check out his new place and you will be!
<review# 1387,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2010,1/5/2011,88,90,25,6,10>Bolsa, you're like my hot high school teacher.  I know you have to give attention to the other students too, but I also know that you and I have something special going on.  It's like the last few times I came to your office hours, the line was out the door and the wait was too long.  Having already visited you a few times myself, I understood that new visitors needed to try your wares more than myself.  I mean, your job is to educate the ignorant masses as to how to cook and serve great, local, fresh and affordable food.  So I turned around and went somewhere else.  But it left me wanting you more.  So now I have to resort to setting up visits during non-peak times.  You've never let me down.  I thought your bruschetta sampler was a tease, but your entrees (for example, the wagyu beef stew w/ polenta you served up last weekend) bring the goods as well.  If I do have to wait in line with the other boys, you hand out drinks to pass the time until our rendezvous.  The last drink you gave me with maker's mark, blood orange and bitters was really strong though.  Were you trying to get me drunk? You slut... Yes, I enjoy just about everything about you Bolsa.  Your food, your drinks, your looks.  You're friendly and unpretentious.  With no entree costing more than $25, you're even affordable.  Sometimes I resent your popularity, but I understand it.  Since our relationship means so much to me, I will do my part and keep up the visits, even if I'm slightly inconvenienced.  I know that secretly, I'm your favorite student...
<review# 1388,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2010,1/4/2011,549,363,9,11,12>I've been to Mercy twice now... not on my own volition but meeting friends and Addison being a good halfway point. I was there last Wednesday again for that very reason.I arrive early and wait for my group. I'm seated and brought the wine book and food menu. They have happy hour wines (about 5 white and 5 red that are $5)... none that are particularly notable or anything -- hello Rosemont -- but they're $5. No happy hour bites so I order an appetizer for us all to share. The spinach artichoke dip was tasty, creamy and came with great tasting croutons. There are lots of candles everywhere, big purple velvet curtains, a serpentine banquette, and aggravating tall bar chairs that have really tacky metal backs (that a coat will not stay on to save it's life). Not exactly my style but the lights are dim enough it doesn't bother me the whole time.Once everyone showed up we ordered dinner. One of us is vegan and the chef will make a custom dish for her, so she was happy. Two of the other girls who are more regulars split the apple and cheddar grilled cheese and I'm stuck on my own... so I order the tenderloin ciabatta sandwich with cheese with fries. Very tasty and really really not on my diet. Oh well, I had a long drive home from Addison so I might as well eat something substantial. After we ordered food, the waiter went MIA. Did not ask if we wanted another glass of wine when he saw we were empty... I mean, he was present and walking around us the whole time but pretty much completely ignored us. I nearly had to put out my foot to trip him to get him to bring us the check.I did notice that besides tables of giggling girls like us, there were many many couples who looked like they were on a first date... so maybe that's a good niche that Mercy is filling in the Addison area. It's dark, sophisticated enough and busy enough to be a good first date place, I imagine. When I crave a wine bar, dated decor, sub par service and boring wine lists aren't what I want and not enough for me to drive 20 minutes from home. But meeting friends halfway? I'll do it again.
<review# 1389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,1/3/2011,725,843,14,14,15>So...Katie didn't have any pants on. Actually no one had any pants on. It was like one of those public speaking situations where you're supposed to picture every one in their underware...EXCEPT THEY WERE. The whole pantsless riding DART thing culminated at the Amsterdam Bar. Katie C. invited me to join her for a beer and since it's not too far from my digs I said what the hey and headed that way. Cute place. It has a really comfy feel to it. The bartenders were fast and friendly. Joe--also pantsless--ordered pizza from around the corner. The pizza was awesome. I would review it but I don't know the name of the place. But for me, the pizza totally sealed the deal on the four star rating for Amsterdam Bar. And they have a Winter Wheat beer on tap that was tasty. I really really like this place. I don't know how many Yelpers remember hanging out in the Theater Gallery or Record Bar, but that's how I felt in Amsterdam Bar. I'd say sans mohawks and guitars but Brian had his righteous mohawk and the cute little guy had a guitar, so there ya go! Katie and I will drink beer there again. Maybe with pants on, one never knows.
<review# 1390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,1/2/2011,188,256,9,26,16>My friends, the pizza gods have smiled down upon our fair city.  Cane Rosso unequivocally produces some of the finest pizza I have ever put in my mouth.  This place is taking the Dallas pizza scene by storm, and though I fear this review may only make it even more difficult to procure a prized place at the feet of a pizza master, this place deserves every word of praise I can give.  Jay Jerrier is certified by the Association Verace Pizza Napoletana, a distinction held by only a handful of pizza establishments around the country, of which only 2 others operate in Texas (another being Cavalli in Irving). To some skeptics, this may just sound like a flowery accolade with little bearing on the quality of the pizza, however, in my mind VPN certification means quality, attention to detail, and a true passion for your product.The quality of the ingredients is what separates this pizza from any other I have had.  In it's purest form, great pizza comes down to 3 things: cheese, sauce, crust.  Cane Rosso easily excels in each of these three categories.The cheese is mozzarella (fior di latte) hand-pulled in house daily from fresh mozzarella curd.  No part-skim or low moisture garbage here.  Simply blissful cheese, used in the perfect ratios for each pie.The sauce is also made daily from hand-crushed San Marzano tomatoes.  The sauce is naturally sweet and light, without the overly salty red mush you would find in a bottle of Prego or atop a Pizza Hut pie.  The dough is also made in-house from imported Italian flour.  The oven reaches a blazing 900 degrees, exactly what you want in order to cook a pizza quickly, giving it a perfectly crisp exterior and soft, chewy interior.We first sampled the Margherita, the great equalizer among Neapolitan Pizza, topped simply with cheese, sauce, and basil.  In a word, superb.  Every bite, from beginning to end was like the Macy's Day parade in my mouth.  We did not stop there though. The waiter recommended we try anything with the "soppresata picante," which is similar to pepperoni (however, that's kinda like saying a filet mignon is like a Slim-Jim).  Bless that man.  We got the Luana with soppreseta and sausage.  Both meats are divine.  Literally, wifey and I were stunned by what we were eating. Stunned.  Like a taser to the tongue.With the quality and attention to detail that this place puts into its pizza, it is inevitable that business will boom.  Go early, go soon, while you can still get a seat.  (And save room for dessert, the zeppole are remarkable, and could fill a review of their own.)
<review# 1391,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2010,1/1/2011,141,325,4,8,5>After returning to visit Eddie's Deli this afternoon, I can confirm--this place is the real deal.The owner of the joint informed me that "Portillo's is his role model".  For those that aren't in the know, Portillo's is possibly the most "famous" and probably the most well known Chicago dog.  (As of this writing, if you look up "Chicago Hot Dog" on Wikipedia, a picture of a portillo's hot dog will pop up.)That being said, this is about as good as it gets in Dallas.  The Hot Dog is excellent, and could hold it's own in Chicago (despite being a little pricey.  In Dallas, it's totally worth it.)Also, as another litmus test, I ordered an Italian Beef, hot, dipped.  This was excellent as well.  It wasn't quite some of the beefs that I've had in Chicago, but it was pretty damn good, and it's certainly the best I've had since moving back to Texas.Anyhow, it's definitely worth the trip.  You can certainly tell there's a focus on quality and authenticity.
<review# 1392,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2010,12/31/2010,193,459,5,10,5>Value value value. For $26.99 (dinnertime), you get a Japanese/Korean buffet similar to Tokyo One/Japan House and UNLIMITED beer and sake. The buffet line consists of your usual sushi rolls, sashimi, salads, assorted tempura, shabu shabu, Mongolian style grill, Korean short ribs, kimchi, crab legs, steak, and some other things. The steak and kalbi were good and crab legs seemed fresh. I didn't try the sushi rolls but had a few pieces of sashimi and they were decent for buffet. Actually, everything else also tasted pretty good and fresh considering this is a buffet. The main reason I rank this place so highly is because of the free booze. You get the same food as other Japanese buffets but you don't have to pay for sake/beer. My friends and I stayed for 3 hours on Saturday night and must've drank 6 or 7 mini carafes of sake each. I didn't even bother to drink the beer to avoid getting full; albeit Eugene L. did point out the beer seemed watered down. We figured who cares anyways, just drink sake! I felt we definitely got our money's worth eating the most expensive items on the buffet line and drinking as much as we did. Our waitress was attentive, kept the booze flowing, and cleaned our table of used dishes frequently, not much more I could ask for in terms of service. Remember, this is a sushi buffet, so do not expect the best quality or creative sushi/sashimi dishes as you would at a normal sushi restaurant. Awaji is for those of you who want a variety of different items for a fair price. Throw in free sake/beer and you've got yourself a great value. I will definitely come back and back again so long as they still have this deal.
<review# 1393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,12/30/2010,80,190,3,4,5>After dinner at Park, Bar Celine was a no brainer next stop. Located directly behind Park the only thing calling you in is the little pink neon sign letting you know something is behind the door. The patio was covered in plastic draping for the winter and with several tables and a random dirt pit which I later discovered was for Bacce Ball, which an obvious regular told me was a popular thing on the weekdays...random but I'm sure its a good time and a source of contention among friends and patrons after a few cocktails. We walked in the bar around 1030p and it was somewhat busy but not packed. The bar is eclectic to say the least with its paintings, furniture, more colors than a Crayon box and random antique store looking appointments, but it was comfortable. We lucked out and snagged a booth in the back corner and ordered a few drinks. Fifteen minutes after we arrived the bar was packed shoulder to shoulder. The later it got the louder the music became as if the bar manager couldn't hear his favorite song over the crowd. If you need a little substance they do offer the appetizer menu from Park.  I really didn't spend any time looking over the specialty cocktail menu because I figure the time it takes to look through the list and choose one, the bartender can already be pouring my gin & tonic.  Celine is a real chill atmosphere and definitely something different for the area...good for a small group or just a couple. I'd like to come back and try it on the week day, either way we'll be back.
<review# 1394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2010,12/29/2010,273,583,12,12,8>How intimate do I want this review to be? I've never gone anywhere to take care of my needs south of the border before. But I have an upcoming trip to Mexico and I decided, what the hey, lets give it a go. I'm a bit early but I didn't want to do a wax and have it affect me negatively before leaving so I decided on a test run. I had a pool party on the Fourth so it was a good way to see what would happen. I was fit in for an appointment the same day I called. Don't use the map attached to yelp as it is actually several blocks north. Looking for the blockbuster actually helped me out in my quest. So a bit uncomfortable, but after stripping the bottoms and laying up on the table with a towel covering my lady parts, Jamilia came in, moved the towel and talked to me some. I should have been more self conscious but something about her made me feel at ease. I was basically naked in front of a stranger, yet it felt ok. She explained what she was going to do and went to work. Effing A, waxing hurts like a bia, but not as much as I thought it would. My back started sweating and my jaw hurt from clenching but I survived the ordeal. Jamilla was good to ask me how I was doing and to tell me we could slow down if I needed. She went at me with some tweezers in between waxing strips and that hurt more than the wax pulls. Waxing is trickery b/c at first the warm goo feels kinda good and then when it's ripped out it hurts like hell.  Now, a few weeks after the ordeal, I'm glad I went. Results last a pretty long time! I'm pleased and I look forward to my next appt in a weird way. Brazilly was 50 before tip which I guess is reasonable. For a first timer, I think this was a legit experience.
<review# 1395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,12/28/2010,166,221,5,10,6>One of the perks of living downtown is the fact that you have a Farmers Market in almost working distance or less than 2 mins by auto. As an immigrant there is nothing more joyful than hard bargaining and negotiating at a real market. I normally sneak in there about an hour before they close which is basically what i did today so they had started packing up for the day which gives you enough ammo to bargain. Now for you plastic people , We dont want your business cos its "In God We Trust , Everybody else pays Cash" I budgeted $20 bucks and came away with two full bags of Oranges, One bag of Grape fruits, A full bag of Corn, A bag of Spinach, 4 Giant Avocados which will have cost me $4 a piece and some stupid Organic Label that would have took me a whole minute to peal of my fruit, I also go Fresh Blue berries. When it's time to close they are pretty much just giving away the produce because they have made enough profit for the day and taking the produce back on the truck with them is not really a good fit.If you go early in the morning you will enjoy the benefit of sample tasting nearly every fruit or vegetable they have for sale. Its amazing how in the last 30 yrs we have almost totally gone away from the Real Market trading and now we have all these indoor Mega Markets which can be some impersonable but efficient. I say bring back the old days.
<review# 1396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2010,12/27/2010,277,231,3,7,6>I hadn't been back to Back 9 since my original post, then WHAM! Twice in one weekend.  I met friends there on Friday night.  The service was great.  The pizza was good.  Drinks were reasonably priced.  No complaints.  The crowd was interesting, but that's not necessarily a bad thing.  There were some UFC fights the following night, some friends wanted to watch them at Back 9 and I found myself there again.  They were projecting the fights onto the building next door from their patio.  OMG fantastic idea!  Except it was a little warm outside, but better than being elbow to elbow standing inside.  Their patio areas are great, there are two, and they both were showing the fight.  I love that they have the giant Jenga, but it scares me every time it falls.  That can get annoying.  All in all, decent place,  and we know Addison needed it!
<review# 1397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2010,12/26/2010,190,305,3,5,3>*RW 2010 Review*Exceptionally good.  Excellent food, very reasonably priced supplements, and wonderfully personable waitstaff.  Charlie Palmer's has officially earned its spot in my top 5 of DFW fine dining.I thoroughly enjoyed the comfortable yet modern ambiance.  The clientele was mostly older, but not entirely, and not enough to make it feel awkward.  Our waiter gave us the history behind the motif, which pays homage to all things air/wind-powered.  Enormous fan blades decorate the ceiling and move at an inaudible snail's pace while famous wind-related scenes decorate the walls (think artistic versions of the 3 little pigs' wooden house, Pecos Bill riding the tornado, and good ole Dorothy from Oz).  Very cool - ha, pun intended.With wine pairings for only $20 extra, we were expecting only a few sips per glass, but the sommelier was more generous than we expected, making the pairings quite a deal!  Each selection was a perfect compliment (or enhancement) to the course, and provided a fun conversation piece.And, the food... exceptionally delicious.  I didn't even get a taste of the ricotta agnolotti before my husband inhaled it, so it must have been every bit as good as my beef tartare.  The duck meatballs were garlic-laden crack balls served with noticeably fresh homemade pasta.  My pink peppercorn cod was almost too light, and I don't know that I completely appreciated the peppercorn flavor, but the collection of peas and tomatoes beneath it were smoky-flavored bits of heaven.  We opted for the creamed spinach (oddly called the 4th course), which may not have been as much of a standout, but it was good enough for us (um, me?) to finish the portion served.  My husband convinced me to get Ruben's tart sampler while he got the brulee cotta - ladies, do not let this happen - GET the brulee cotta.  The tarts were fantastic, but the brulee cotta is insanity.Overall, the meal was very pleasant, surprisingly reasonable, and definitely worth a return trip.
<review# 1398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2010,12/25/2010,320,143,5,6,2>Let's get SCHMITZED FACED! Brother says, "I love Schmitz.  I just want to sit there all day and smell cheeseburgers."I absolutely love this joint's ambiance of small town watering hole where no judegment is ever passed with comforting finger-licking food, cold beer, beautiful beer memoriabila and fun for the whole family with shuffle board, pool tables, jutebox, tv, and nice service to put you at ease.  I have so much fun here that I bought a tshirt, and I never buy tshirts.  You can pretty much do whatever you like and no one cares. I watched some little ones play pool, and they were so damned good I'm pretty sure they could take on those high heeled Asian babes I've seen rack em up on Espn. Chicken fried steak sandwich Is GOLDEN....thank you for being my friend,traveled down the road and back again.   3 dollah burger is great and the cook has perfected just the right touch of grease to give your burger friend that sexy bronzed-sun-kissed-look. The hot sauce is simple and delicious. I must experiment with their Chili and Egg Sandwhich in the near future.  Great bar !
<review# 1399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,12/24/2010,160,285,5,6,5>That place is greatastically wonderful!Awesome local feel and super friendly people to boot.  PLUS, it's located right next to Super Yoga Flow, so you can actually get a drink....and while doing yoga, sip on it.  Hardy har har.The chai tea latte was great.Will come here again!  And I kind of have to if I wants to do the yoga....they share a door. :/
<review# 1400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2010,12/23/2010,270,739,,6,5>We went here for an early happy hour when our work day ended early on Friday and it was a fun place to go with the guys. The girls here dress up for "theme days" and all of the outfits are skimpy (think Hooters, but with some variety). We were hoping for some great beer specials but it seems they don't do specials so much as just offer gigantic beers for $2.50, which we didn't feel like arguing about. Haha. Lots of TVs tuned to sports and a hunting channel, with pretty great appetizers. We liked their queso a lot and got a big combination appetizer platter to share. The things I tried were:Black & Tan onion rings - Really good with a nice batter, onions were sweet and not undercooked.Stuffed Jalapenos - DELICIOUS! Although we still don't know what they were stuffed with. We could have sworn it was some kind of chicken, but the waitress said it wasn't. Either way, it was YUM.Sweet Potato Fries/Regular Fries - They line the bottom of the appetizer platter with both sweet potato and regular french fries. BOTH were delicious and I wanted a big plate of just them. Soooo good.Fried Pickles - Hubby likes these, he said they were good. I have no idea!Hot Wings - The hot wings were good, spice had a moderate heat to it but nothing that a novice couldn't enjoy. They were more like buffalo chicken than anything else, but still good.Overall, this place is awesome, close to 121 and the ballpark and a nice place to hang out.
<review# 1401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,12/22/2010,207,244,3,5,4>At least for now that I'm a fan because I was lured by the 76 cents per cocktail last weekend that happened from 5-7pm Friday and Saturday to celebrate the end of alcohol prohibition. The French 75 I first ordered was surprisingly strong because I kind of expected it to be a little watered down like some areas that serve happy hour drinks.  Then I had the McCoy Bee (which I think that was what it called), just as strong as the previous one.  Along with nibbling some good bites. The sweet potatoe frites were something else, chicken waffles are always good, who woulda thunk that them two could go well together and that they could be made in a happy hour style kinda way?  :)Very interesting place to people watch probably because I don't go to uptown often and I always like to observe the crowd.   Overall, the drinks are really what makes the entire night enjoyable.
<review# 1402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2010,12/21/2010,608,438,11,14,10>Hands down the best "ghetto tacos" I've had in DFW.  My most recent infatuation was Fuel City until my friend took me to this place.  If you can get past the unwelcoming factor that comes with this place you will be greatly rewarded.  This so called restaurant juts out from a FINA gas station (they still have these?) and would take a bit of luck to find if you weren't actively looking for it.There offer 4 different types of tacos (Beef, Chicken, Pastor-Pork, and Barbacoa), all for $1.25.  Then you get the choice of flour or corn tortillas.  The meat is tender and moist and they give you a generous portion of meat.  You wont have a bite that doesn't have any meat.  There aren't many extras, but they give you enough onions and A LOT of cilantro, which for me is a must.  They also give you a lot of lime and hot sauce as well.  You can ask for more sauce for no charge.  The size of these tacos are larger than the ones at Fuel City and they costs less as well.  My friend told me this place is open 24/7, but don't quote me on that.CASH ONLY!Oh, very important.  There's not too much parking so you might be forced to park further out.  Try parking as far away from the trees as possible or you will be bombarded by chicken shit.  I was there for maybe 10 minutes and was pelted from bumper to bumper.  I guess I can't blame the restaurant for that so I'll still give it 5 stars.If you are looking for a new place to grub you definitely need to check out this spot.
<review# 1403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,12/20/2010,129,168,5,22,8>Right off the bat you should know that these guys aren't going to just tattoo something you pick off a wall - they're above that. If you think that's elitist, that's fine, but just know that's how they operate here.First of all, do your homework first. Know what you want, or at least have a good idea of basic design and layout. Don't go there saying, "I want a tattoo but I'm not sure what I want." That wastes their time and annoys them, and they'll probably blow you off. Before you say, "That's rude!" just think, you don't go into McDonald's and stay in line and have no idea what you want, do you? At least have some clue so they can help point you in the right direction. A starting point is much better than no point at all.I got my first tattoo here, and I was not disappointed, at all. Eddie Loven worked with me on the design first, we went back and forth via email a few times before we got the design I liked and wanted. 2 sessions and 10 hours later, I have something that I will enjoy for the rest of my life. Considering it was my first tattoo, the process was incredibly smooth. The facilities are very clean, so that was the least of my worries. Besides, any reputable and licensed tattoo parlor should be clean.Very clear instructions on post-tattoo care, and being new to the whole thing it was nice to feel taken care of and have all my questions answered without feeling dumb.I'm not entirely sure how to rate the pricing, since it was my first tattoo and I have no other shop to compare it with. However, you should basically assume, since it's custom work, that you're going to pay for custom work. Any time they spend on working on the tattoo, whether that is actual tattoo time or design work and sketching, is billable time, as far as I'm concerned (although they only bill you for actual tattoo time). So, keep that in mind when considering their quoted price.Overall, I'm extremely happy with my experience at Cat Tattoo, and wouldn't go anywhere else to get my 2nd tattoo, whenever that may be.
<review# 1404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2010,12/19/2010,418,96,5,5,8>O.E. Penguin (which stands for One Eyed Penguin) is a new bar off of Main Street. It's only been open about a month now and already has a pretty good following.  I've heard a lot of buzz about it online and through the grapevine and had to check it out! My friend and I walked up around 11:15pm on Friday night. The outside of O.E. Penguin was kind of hidden but we had no problem finding it. To enter the bar you have to walk up a flight of stairs. Once we got up, we checked the place out quickly and went straight to the bar. It wasn't packed but had a good crowd.  I had been craving FireflyVodka all day long and OE Penguin was great enough to make sure it was in stock for the night (bonus points!). I met one of the partners of the bar, Eraj,  and he showed us nothing but a good time.The atmosphere is very chill. There are booths to sit at, TVs everywhere, a pool table, a patio for smoking and an awesome Penguin outfit for you to wear.  I must elaborate on this Penguin costume that sits at one of the booths. The costume is there for anybody to wear any anytime during the night.  I'm not going to lie, I couldn't wait for someone to put it on. How fun? So after about an hour or so people starting taking turns running around in this great costume.  One of the guys even left the bar with the penguin costume on and was running around Main St. You know that would have been great to see! Yes, I couldn't resist - I had to put it on.Along with the great costume, obviously we went there for drinks. Since I had been craving Firefly Vodka all day, thats what I got for the first couple rounds - Firefly, water and lemon. Seriously if you like tea, you must try that drink. I didnt taste ANY alcohol at all but it definitely snuck up on me quick.  The next set of shots we had were called mind - erasers. Hence the name, you can only imagine what they were like. It was a double shot, go figure - I can't remember what alcohol was in there but I think Kahlua and coke were in there? (don't hold me to it). These shots were drank out of straw, which is my kind of shot! After mind-erasers, I tried the face-eraser shot which was a triple shot. Needless to say, we had quite a bit to drink but it was all so delicious.Overall, I had nothing but a good time. Food will be added to the menu soon so you can grub while you drink. The menu is suppose to be pretty amazing from what I hear.  A juke box is near the entrance so a mix of tunes is played throughout the night.  Looking for a good happy hour? Their happy hour lasts til 11pm every single day - nothing beats $3 drafts, domestics, wells, & select shots!I do have one suggestion: Since stairs are a bitch, especially after you've been drinking - I think after last call every night they should convert the stairs to a huge slide!  You will understand once you go and visit, and please suggest this! :)
<review# 1405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2009,12/18/2010,686,887,5,11,7>I call it crack chicken because its addicting like crack! I'm so addicted to the msg they put in the chicken! so addicted that I would drive from Arlington to Garland for a piece of that fried chicken....YUM YUM! and I love waffles! their waffles are huge! I normally get three pieces of white meat. It comes with spicy pickles and carrot, which is a must try!!!! Theres another chicken place just like big mamas called rudys chicken. Its located in oakcliff. Its a family business, the uncle and the nephew own big mamas together...they had family drama so the nephew went and started his own fried chicken place with the same family recipe...MSG! lol I also love the extra seasoning they put in the chicken.omg drools! I can't write anymore review because I'm craving it right now loloh and its CASH ONLY!
<review# 1406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2009,12/17/2010,19,22,7,9,9>I'm already a huge fan of the original Yucatan location, on Magnolia in Fort Worth. Though I was introduced to it only a few months ago, I've already been there countless times, and dragged MANY of my friends to experience the garlic beef nachos and potent swirls. Lots of my friends who live in Plano or Dallas always seem to behave like Fort Worth is on the far edge of the universe, but as one of them said after an afternoon at Yucatan: "I think you'll find us much more willing to venture out this direction now."  Because Yucatan Taco Stand is THAT GOOD.They're primarily known for their street-style tacos (available with tempura fish, shrimp, beef, chicken, cabrito, or chorizo) and their wide selection of tequila. But after trying several things on the menu, I've found my over-the-top favorite: the  garlic beef nachos. Standing easily a full eight inches high, the nachos are a force to be reckoned with: a tower of chips, white queso, flavorful brisket beef and all the fixins. Newcomers to the restaurant will wander by your table, gazing in wonder, trying to figure out how you're going to manage to eat such a thing. A friend last night compared it to a game of Jenga. But it's not that difficult -- you just dive in. And you'll find that instead of a huge pile of chips with deliciousness sprinkled on top, all the brisket-y, queso-y goodness is layered throughout.  I can easily make 3 or 4 meals out of one order. Which is not to say that I am willing to share. We've quickly learned that we would much rather all have a huge plate to ourselves, so that we can take the leftovers home and enjoy them afterwards.But once you get the nachos, try to stop eating before you're full (it will be very difficult. But try.), because the white chocolate creme brulee is also an amazing experience. Admittedly, last night's was disappointing -- the top was barely caramelized, and there were only a few berries to brighten the plate, but normally they pile on an assortment of strawberries, blackberries, and blueberries to complement the brulee.Don't forget to grab a swirl, but make sure someone else is driving. Even one can have me tripping over my tongue. They also have a pretty varied drink menu -- frozen screwdrivers seem to be a favorite.Last night was the official grand opening at the Southlake location, and they've managed to capture all the great things about the one in Fort Worth. I might have to start going twice as often.
<review# 1407,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2009,12/16/2010,52,186,1,8,9>For five years, my husband and I have driven past this hole-in-the-wall diner, where old timers and construction workers pack the counter for breakfast, and said, "Yeah...one of these days we need to try that joint." That day, finally, was today.This no frills diner is definitely one of our new favorite breakfast stops. Your options are the typical diner breakfast options: eggs, hashbrowns, sausage/bacon, toast (white with butter, of course), biscuit, etc. I opted for the classic diner breakfast of two eggs, scrambled, with toast, bacon, and hashbrowns. Oh, and coffee...lots of it. The place was clean and you could tell the guys at the counter are regulars...and have been for years. I inhaled my breakfast, which I think means it was pretty damn good. The friendly waitress refilled our coffee every 5-10 minutes, which is why I'm awake and typing furiously on Yelp after Midnight. Oh, and the best part? $12 total for breakfast for two hungry eaters.  It may have taken me five years to get here, but I plan on making up for lost time in the coming months.
<review# 1408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,12/15/2010,112,272,6,19,12>Before going to Jaspers on Friday, we stopped in Martini Village for a drink. They are basically at the corner of Bush Turnpike and Rosemeade. We were early for the crowd but I liked the feel of the place. The bartender was nice and personable and my drink was outstanding. It was one of the custom martinis off the drink menu. I normally try a martini every now and then and remember that I am really more of a scotch or beer drinker but I was definitely a fan of the drink. It was actually a Mexican Martini but served more like a real martini than Mexican Martinis sometimes are at some mexican restaurants. It was very chilled and shaken so the little ice shavings were in the drink. I was impressed and it was very good. The place in general has a good feel, kind of a throw back lounge feel with a lot of red colored walls and some old school marilyn monroe type drawings on the walls. I only didn't give it 5 stars because our experience there was quick and I have to go back and spend some more time there to get a better feeling for the service and the crowd but if first impressions are any indication, it is fun place that I will have to add to my rotation of drink spots.
<review# 1409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,12/14/2010,28,62,6,14,6>So, after looking up on yelp for a tailor I found this little gem. As I was walking up to the door I was silently hoping they were Korean. Why? Because there are two things that I feel Koreans excel at: Donuts and Tailoring. ( I'm Vietnamese and my mom owns a couple of nail salons/spas. Therefore, I'm allowed to stereotype too :D).I'm going to try to keep this short and simple; basically, in a gist, their store motto.When you walk in this little shop, you will most likely see a a customer being worked on a platform (they have two), to your right 3 dressing rooms marked, A, B, C. and to your left huge collection of clothes ready to be picked up.Jeans hem- 4.99 (heck yeah!!!)Tricky hem (where you keep the original bottom) 4.99 ( this is SUCH a bargain. Most places start at least 15 dollars)Copy - around 10 dollars.Cash only if it's under 10 dollars. Otherwise, if you spend at least 10 dollars you can pay with a cc).While I was in the store, I saw a wedding dress already ready to be picked up. I'm sure whatever you need to get done they can do it without a problem.There was a long list of prices in the dressing room, and I tried to get a picture, but I came in late, and I didn't want to hold up anyone.(Don't worry, I"ll be back soon. I'll take a picture next time.)I know they are open until 7:30pm everyday except Sunday.Sunday-closed.They give you 7 days to come back if you are not happy with the work, and they will fix it for you. However, if you brought in brand new jeans, never been washed, they will not honor it (though, it is wise to know that it's not good to dry your "good" jeans. Just pull inside out, cold-water, and air dry to prevent fading).Time: For each jean please give them at least an hour. So yes, you can pick it up in one day depending on how urgent it is. Location: Coming from HWY 75, stay on the right. It is before Greenville Ave, right across from Krogers (left), and next door to Radio shack. You can easily miss it, but due to my great girl explanation, it would be hard not to. :DWell, I must say, I am VERY pleased with my jeans. I think it looks better now than when I bought them in. How much do I love them? Well, let's just say I would even turned down Nordstroms free tailoring. They are that great. In fact, their number is now saved in my phone.I definitely felt I got my money's worth!!!! The stitching is amazing and the thread matched perfectly! It looked like I just bought it that way at the department store (does anyone know what I mean? Sometimes, when others do a good job on the hem, you can still tell that you took them to the tailors. I don't know. Maybe I'm too picky).If you invested in designer jeans I am sure you want go somewhere that will uphold the jean's worth, and for the price you get great QUALITY stitching.If you bought inexpensive jeans and you don't want to spend too much, I'm sure you can't find a more inexpensive place that goes as low as 4.99.You get the best of both worlds!!!!!Either way, to justify your purchase it is great to bring your jeans, slacks, shirts, wedding gowns, Asian formal garments, etc. to this place. I'm sure you'll love the work they put into it, and most of all the money you get to keep in your wallet.
<review# 1410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,12/13/2010,18,102,6,12,7>This review is based on numerous visits.My favorites: mushroom tofu soup (buseot soondooboo), mixed tofu soup (beef and seafood; sukkeo soondooboo)Tasting Notes:For some reason, a lot of Korean restaurants can't get soondooboo right, and for some reason it's hard for me to make it at home. So I am thankful I found a place in DFW (which has the same name and almost same menu as my favorite place in NJ) where the soondooboo is excellent.  The soup's consistency is not too thin and the broth is spicy and flavorful without tasting too tofu-y (a risk you can run with silken tofu).  I don't prefer white rice, unless it is cooked in a dolsot (stone bowl), which they do here.  They even make nuroongji for you-- but they don't let the rice caramelize enough before pouring in the boricha.  The banchan spread is ridiculous- you get at least 10 side dishes, including an entire fried gulbi (i don't know the english name for the little fish!).  They make decent kimchi, too.I find it interesting that if you ask for "Spicy" soup, instead of adding more red chili like the Koreans would do... they add jalapeno peppers...adds a nice Tex-Mex touch.Ambience: The decor is traditional Korean. Good for groups.Service: Quick and Friendly. Helps if you speak Korean--not that they're not as nice to you if you don't speak Korean, but they're noticeably more generous if you do.  Recommendation:This restaurant is an echo of one of my favorite soondooboo restaurants in Jersey (same name, nearly identical menu), and though the food quality is not as high it comes pretty close.  Given the awesome soondooboo, the price and the quantity of food (they always give you a fried fish and a wide array of banchan) I eat here several times a month. Also, I like taking friends here because they have a great combo ($11.99) where you can add kalbi to most entrees. I personally don't like the kalbi but most people I've taken here love it.The reason I don't give the restaurant five stars is because a) the kalbi is always overgrilled (the marinade is good, the execution is not so good) and 2) entrees other than soondooboo (e.g. bibimbap, naengmyun) are only so-so.  Comparisons: Easily one of the best Korean restaurants in the DFW area, and my favorite so far.  If you're from Seoul, LA, Northern Jersey, or Flushing and you're looking to eat Korean you won't be disappointed with the soondooboo here.
<review# 1411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,12/12/2010,34,119,3,6,5>I had been wanting to try this place for some time... i finally got the chance this week.  And it was really good --- nice change of pace from Mexican and Italian that we seem to have so much of in Dallas. First, let me say I really went for the Empanadas --- and these are not the same as the ones I have had in Chile.  Apparently they are from Brazil where they deep fry them --- Still I had the crab and shrimp and they were very good. I also tried the Chicken curry dumplings and the Duck dumplings both very good.  I also sampled the Fuh (sp?) It is like chicken noodle soup...  it was very good... not a ton of chicken but very filling non the less. on the down side.... This place is really loud even with only a few people --- I will sit on the patio next time.  The inside is very modern with all hard  smooth surfaces --- so no sound absorption at all. By the way the price was ... With out alcohol  --  about $20 per person...  But with a different combination i think you could get out for $15 and still fill pleasantly full.
<review# 1412,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2010,12/11/2010,162,147,,8,8>My first time to enjoy cheese at its finest. Scardello made it absolutely amazing. It's one of those places that gets shadowed by other places along Oak Lawn and siince its small, there is no direct parking in front.When you walk in its like a very understated place but the kindness of Austin, a pleasant female employee, greeted my boyfriend and i. Rich Rogers - the cheesemonger of the place - said hello too. What I like about Scardello is that they let you sample cheeses and offer suggestions to try. Once you've tried what you can you can select either a cheese plate for $5 OR a cheese sandwich that is accompanied by a wine. We opted for the cheese plate where we selected Gruyere - nutty flavor Comte - MY favorite which tasted bets with the cheese honey by Savannah Bee Co.and one more that I can't think of which I recall was very buttery and soft. Once you select a cheese plate you can choose any beverage they offer (we chose the Apple Woodchuck Cider and La Fin Du Monde)The cider is one of my favorites and the beer was light and triple fermented.You get dried fruits, honey, and slices of bread to go with your dish. We had a good slice of the three cheeses that in theory two people could finish easily. But we both got full.The total cost was about $30 for everything.$5 for the plateEach cheese cost us about $3-5and the drinks $5/eaIt was worth it. And at midnight - comte makes a one of the best cheeses to just sit there and savor.We plan to go back for the classes they offer.CHEESE 101 is  a 2 hour class that is given by Rich Rogers on the basics of cheese all for $25It's not a snooty cheese place probably why its getting all its stars
<review# 1413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,12/10/2010,87,31,4,14,7>I can't say I'm one of these people that hate and/or are scared the dentist. Maybe it's because my hypochondriac mother made me go every 6 months as a child. Now as a hypochondriac adult I trek on a regular basis to get my pearly whites scrubbed and polished...and I must say I think I've kept the ol' pearlies in great shape, so thanks momma.Recently, I was in search of a new dentist because quite frankly I didn't like trekking to NW Highway to go to the dentist.  Lazy much? I think so.  So I decided to try a place I've seen so many times when I hit up Vapiano and Trinity Hall. PURE Dental.Being in Mockingbird Station I expected it to be nice but even though my expectations were high (as usual), PURE really managed to blow me away. It totally reminds me of this dental office I use to go to in Beverly Hills when I lived in LA. I mean this place is truly the top of the line when it comes to dentists.  The whole place is decked out in a sleek modern white with tiny touches of color.  All the forms are done electronically one of their check in computers.  I didn't even have to wait just right in to get my teeth cleaned.  While all scrubadubing was going on I was able to watch Planet Earth, which I particularly enjoy, on one of the giant flat screens in the exam room.All their equipment was new, clean, and obviously quite advanced. I love the electronic x-ray things way more than those nasty filmstrips that cut your mouth. The staff was incredibly nice and so was the dentist. I was in and out and on my way.  Though I have dental coverage, I'm one of the nerds that checks out the full price less the insurance benefit and the price for the cleaning was standard as they come. I'll definitely be making a return visit when my reminder comes in.  This one is an easy five stars for me.
<review# 1414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/13/2010,12/9/2010,120,67,6,7,6>(My visit was about 6 months ago, things may have changed, but I just got around to writing tonight!)Uber thin crust pizza, interesting options.Next... root beer on tap, just get it, trust me.Now - the pizza is thin crust, not just thin, but... crispy and... augh, just so perfect. Cheesy, but not overwhelming, well-seasoned and fresh tomatoes, it doesn't get any better than Eno's, folks (again... if only they'd do pepperoni pizza!). This place is always busy, but why? Great pizza (obviously), but it's also the service! They provide great service, the wait staff are always friendly and attentive, but they don't hover - they are there when you need them, gone when you don't. Minus one star for lack of pepperoni included as a topping that comes ON the pizza (they will give it to you as a side if you'd like, what?!) and for cutting the pizza into squares and not the traditional triangular/wedge slices, what are we... Domino's? Can't decide what kind of pizza it is, a New York pizza cut like a Sicilian (which is a square/rectangular pizza!) Okay... /end rant
<review# 1415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/21/2010,12/8/2010,105,33,5,11,9>After a random remark to some friends, suggesting that I was hankering for a good burger. One of them suggested Artin's Grill here at Legacy. Who would've thunk.  I was watching Artin's as it was being constructed, and when it eventually opened - I took a mental note to come back and try it soon thinking that it was exclusively high end.Wow this place impressed me. A newly opened restaurant where clearly no expense was spared in its fit out.  The fit out was designed beautifully - very modern and very clean with an amazing balance of artistic style vrs function.  I love the art pieces on the wall, and want to track down the local artist who created them.The kitchen has a viewing gallery and as I explored I was invited in to take a look if I wanted.  I didn't need too as I could see adequately from the gallery. Thats confidence, and its very cool to see culinary specialist at work.To the food: The menu was not vast but had very tasteful selection. I was only there for a burger.  I sat at the bar - and hung out.  I ordered the Texas burger with mushrooms and a side of cole slaw.The burger arrived open face style - The Wagyu beef was cooked a perfect medium rare.  It came with a dollop of mushrooms as per my request mushrooms and a goodly amount of string onions which I had not experienced before - I was a bit cautious. What form of American Tom Foolery is this I thought. It also came with avocado and finely sliced chili - two of my favourite burger additivesI assembled my Burger and had to chop it in half to make it manageable - even for my bear paws.  I bit into it...well......OMFG!The meat was tender, juicy and tasty with an unobtrusive smokey broil - the mushroom contributed another dimension to the subtle smokiness - The string onions were crunchy and delivered a unique mouth feel to the dish  - a new experience at least to me. The lettuce was very fresh and the tomato was flavourful and I suspect, sun ripened. I almost always get the stalky butt end of the tomato or the bit that is nothing but dry flesh - not this time.  This time  I got the voluptuous - wet juicy part. My taste were fully aroused.I chose coleslaw as my side - even though i normally prefer cooked vegetables.  The coleslaw was unusually corse - clearly knife cut and not processed or shredded causing the cabbage to bleed out prematurely.  The dressing was creamy and light and formed the initial flavour of the slaw until you began to crunch into the cabbage - the freshly cracked pepper was visible and contributed nicely to the flavour combinations.  It was a pleasure to eat something as simple as coleslaw and enjoy a its phases of flavour.  (This in stark contrast to commercially produced bulk coleslaw aka slop.)If dining were to be compared to sex - this dining experience involved all of your senses in the most beautiful way and you would not want it to be a one night stand.  I want more.An equally perfect venue for a date, a business dinner or in my case, a burger and beer at the bar.  Its a very large restaurant with a large patio - I am predicting this place will be a hit once the summer kicks off.
<review# 1416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2010,12/7/2010,159,188,4,7,6>I'm no dim sum expert, but I've been here on 3 occasions with 4 or more experts - all originally from Hong Kong.  If I don't know my dim sum - I'm sure they do.I think they'd all back my opinion that this doesn't live up to some of the experiences I've had in LA or San Fran...but for something right in our own backyard it makes a really good stab.  The cast of familiar characters are all at play here, and tasty.  Sometimes the quality is a little hit/miss - and sometimes I wonder if my Cantonese speaking ambassadors have a way of improving on the standards of food and service.  As long as I can get a regular fix of egg custard tarts, I'm a fan.
<review# 1417,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2010,12/6/2010,34,163,,4,6>The popular Vietnamese from Garland has opened another store about a month ago.  I am very delighted to find they are closer to work.  They bake French bread and various muffins, and sell them a very reasonable price.  Their French bread is really good and popular.  Even my European friend agreed and praised them for how good and authentic the way they bake this bread.I come to this place primarily to order their Vietnamese subs and my favorites are the rolled ham, grilled pork, and grilled chicken.  The combination of their bread and their dressing truly makes a really delicious meal.  You can also get Vietnamese coffee and Thai tea, and some Vietnamese deserts.  There is no seating in the store, so plan to have a picnic!
<review# 1418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,12/5/2010,182,136,2,6,7>$2!!!  I want my $2!!!Fresh Baguette? check!Snappy Pickled veggies? check!Tasty oh so Fatty Pate'? check!I love this place!  I was going to go get my roasted pork fix next door at First Chinese BBQ but decided to check this place out instead.  So glad I did!   Moments later I left with $3 in my pocket left over from my $10 bill.  That's two sandwiches ($2 each) and two bags of boiled peanuts ($1.50 each).  This place has bubble/boba tea too.  As mentioned by other reviewers they also have sodas to go (domestic, latin and asian brands).  They also have other Vietnamese fare.  Lots of sticky rice desserts and meat stuffed rice cakes wrapped in banana leaves.  Very helpful staff too.  This place takes credit cards!
<review# 1419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2010,12/4/2010,139,92,3,7,6>Finally! A real Mexican restaurant that's just around the corner from my house. I'm afraid the location does not fit this establishment's potential, which I hope is not to it's detriment. Located in a divey strip mall - Meadow Central Market off the expressway. They've done a great job trying to stand apart from the complex by making the front of the store inviting with huge rustic wooden doors and a cool pottery waterfall fountain to invite you inside. Word on the street is the owners have a number of successful restaurants in Mexico and are bringing their family recipes to Dallas. "Hey, gracias hombres."Enter the lobby, the senses confirm this is a genuine Mexican restaurant, from the smell of the tanned pigskin and cedar furniture, to the two man mariachi band floating from table to table. These guys aren't there to hit you up for moola, just to add to your dining experience.Service was speedy, as the place was sparsely occupied, with only a few patrons at the bar enjoying the 30 minutes remaining of happy hour (ends at 7pm). We got one happy hour margarita in before it ended, to a sweet tune of $3 bucks! Tasted good- but not enough PUNCH for my liking. Hey, I like to know that I'm drinking a "BIG GIRL" drink. No draft beers here yet...but the server was willing to pour a nice cold Dos XX amber lager from the bottle, also to the tune of $3 dólares.Oops, almost forgot the all important chips & salsa - delicious, crispy, triangles of homemade goodness made to order without a ton of salt, so you can really dig into the chunky green tomatillo salsa that's provided. It's spicy, tangy and good.The chile rellenos- one of my favorite Mexican dishes- were available stuffed with either meat or cheese, I choose cheese. They came out piping hot (2 chiles) with a nice light batter, and oozing with a melty cheezy treat of monterey jack.  I'm used to the queso oaxaca, but the jack cheese melts nicer and is a tad more flavorful than the oaxaca.  The refried beans and rice were nice traditional sides. I had a whole extra chile to take home and would order this dish again.The hub ordered the filete pescado al mojo - tasty tilapia pan seared with a healthy heap of a vinegary minced garlic and guajillo red peppers. Thumbs up from him.Both entrees were about $14.00 each. They have an extensive menu with so many things I'd like to try.  Most impressive is the incredible selection of fish prepared in various styles that could run up to $24 - for a chef's special red snapper that's prepared table side. Now, that's impressive! They have lunch specials for $5.95 Monday - Friday from 11-2pm and Happy Hour from 2pm -7pm!All I'm saying is that all you Yelpers that appreciate real Mexican food will be delighted in the cornucopia of offerings at El Castor. It won't be long before my second visit to delve more deeply into the menu. I wouldn't be surprised if I "find myself there" next week - don't judge.  On the list to try next: shrimp & octopus cocktail, ceviche, mole poblano, enchiladas suizas....don't EVEN get me started! Go. Go now.
<review# 1420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/3/2010,12/3/2010,68,94,3,11,5>This place was a fun change in our dinner routine. Hubby and I stopped in on our way home from joining the Tom Landry Fitness Center (more on that later...I feel a long review coming on now that I am a member of this awesome establishment)! Anyway, back to Andrea's. This is a true "don't judge a book by its cover" type of place. Andrea's is situated in a strip shopping center next door to a run-down apartment complex. From the outside, not too inviting. But on the inside, it is an adorable little Italian dive. Faux-stucco walls, candlelit tables, fancifully folded napkins, and some classic Italian restaurant tunes (That's Amore!).  It feels so cozy you won't even remember you are next door to a Metro-PCS store! The food was really nice as well. We started out with a house salad, which was fresh and so tasty. The dressing was great. Seriously, if I made the exact same salad  at home - mixed lettuce, tomatoes, and fresh ground pepper - it would be plain and boring...how do they turn it into something so yummy?! Another thing that was fresh and absolutely fab was the complimentary bruschetta - tiny diced tomatoes lightly marinated atop crispy triangles of crostini. Hubby and I both got pasta dishes for dinner, and we both liked them a lot. I got Pasa Andrea, which was penne with chicken and mushrooms in a pesto cream sauce. Hubby got the veal tortelini in a light tomato sauce. We finished off our plates and soaked up the rest of the sauce with the warm sliced loaf served with the meal. Our waiter even brought us a free slice of key lime cheesecake since he thought it had taken a while to prepare our meals (it really hadn't taken long at all)! Everything was tasty. Sadly, we were the only two people in Andrea's the night we went. I would hate to see a cute little family place like this close down due to lack of business, but hopefully the rent is cheap in their little corner of the shopping center. I definitely think we will go back here. It probably won't become one of our "regular" spots just due to the random location, but it's definitely somewhere we will remember when we want to go somewhere fun without need of reservations. Also a great place to stop in after work since it's between downtown and Lakewood. I hope some Yelpers will try out Andrea's and find it as charming as we did!
<review# 1421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2010,12/2/2010,141,424,3,5,6>Probably my favorite breakfast place in DFW.  It has great migas and a good vibe.  I actually got the biscuits and gravy this time.  It was really good.  The whole place just has a good authentic feel.  With wall art ranging from Buck Owens to Willie Nelson to Tom Petty to Reverend Horton Heat, it is kind of everything that fights to be authentic and not just cater to what is necessarily trendy even though it is now trendy to like a lot of those guys.  It has a no frills feel with each coffee cup being a different one that they seemingly picked up on a family vacation or something.  I really like All Good, it is one of my favorites.
<review# 1422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2010,12/1/2010,973,92,29,33,24>This place does it right. Greek food that is authentic and not as expensive as its competitor Zorbas. The appetizer you will want to try here is the Saganaki. It uses 4 different Greek cheeses, melted in the frying pan and lemon juice and pepper. The waiter will shout Opa! after he lights the cheese on fire. The cheese tastes great when eaten with their bread. A unique change from your everyday appetizer.I got a gyro sandwich and their meat is excellent here. Moist and juicy with each bite mixed with tomato, onions and their tzatziki sauce. This is my go to place if i'm craving Greek food.
<review# 1423,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/26/2010,11/30/2010,191,178,1,14,5>Been wanting to check out this joint for weeks now since visiting the Ft Worth location for the first time last spring.I called to make dinner reservations for Saturday night, but couldn't getting anyone to pick up the phone after 2 attempts.  On the 3rd attempt I got an answer only to learn they don't take reservations for Saturday.  Ok, cool, no biggie.  After arriving around 8:00 we learned there was a 2 1/2 wait for dinner which wasn't too suprising considering the newness of the place, but in reality it was more like 3 hours before we actually got a table.   To make the time go fast I ordered myself a strong drink and sat back on a bar stool while listening to one of my favorite local Dallas bands, Buster Brown.  Funny though, I sat next to a ex-NBA player who complained to the manager about the wait, and had threatened to leave, but amazingly was shown a table almost right away....must be nice. Around 11pm, we were shown to our table while being serviced by our waitress, Katie.  I knew immediately I wanted the Chicken and Waffles as our main entre, but we also ordered a sampler platter as our 'appeteezer' as noted on the menu.  This consisted of fried green tomatoes, fried shrimp, and hand battered mushrooms.  All were delicious!   Katie told us the owner planned to add 15 more items to the menu in the coming weeks so expect changes in the future.  Sweet.All things considered Button's was a good experience, not great, and they definitely need to do some fine tuning, but I'll be back again for sure, albeit ALOT earlier.
<review# 1424,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2010,11/29/2010,511,139,,7,8>GREAT. DEALS.Lainey and I (more her) had been looking a long time for a G35 for her--it's her fave car. We knew to afford it we'd have to find a crazy deal with a warranty.She had previously set up an auto alert with them -- they called to notify her that the exact car she was looking for had just rolled in, and that they were selling it for a stupid price and that she should come in and see it.Long story short -- they GAVE it to her for the night so I could also check it, having been stuck at work.  Went back the next day and they had already worked out the financing and had all the details planned for.  It was a VERY easy process and never felt like we couldn't trust them. The car was in *mint* condition (I swear the engine looked like they had JUST dropped it in) and they sold it for 1000's less than others we had looked at that were in worse shape.  Oddly enough, it was about the price I thought they should be at -- everyone else was simply marking theirs up ridiculously.Ta boot -- Lainey is an A&M grad, so they kicked in extra packages on top of an already GREAT deal.  Simply nice people doing a good job. I would easily buy my next car there.
<review# 1425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,11/28/2010,145,236,3,8,5>I had a similar invite as Kristie A. and I'm glad I went.  Janna & Robert are the coolest.  Its hard to explain but Live HaIr Group had this great feel to it.  Kinda funky, cool art, toe tapping playlist but it also had a cozy family feel to it.  They appear to have a lot or regulars that are now friends and folks from other shops nearby just stop by to chat.  It was also nice to be served a beer before we began.  Thanks Janna.The cut was great.  I have kinda out of control hair and don't even try to comb it in any way.  Robert was able to get the feel of what looks good which is the multi-directional bed head type of look.  He paid a lot of detail to each little lock and calic.  The only thing preventing me going back every 3 weeks is the price but I'll be back.
<review# 1426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2010,11/27/2010,205,232,3,16,9>I have been looking good Peruvian food for so long in Texas, and I have finally found the place, and you're gonna have to drive a little close to richardson to get there!!When we first got there, we got the Jalea, which is kind of like the normal calamari apetizer, except there is hella more stuff in there (Shrimp, Tilapia, and Crab).  You gotta get this, but make sure you're in a big group, because the portions are huge!!!For the actual main dishes we got the lomo saltado and pollo a la braza.  Oh my god, I still think about these when I get really hungry.    I've been actually wanting to go back so bad.  For all you non-spanish speakers, these dishes are part of the most popular, it's the steak and rice dish and the rotisserie chicken dish.  You gotta for sure try the saltado!!The place has a full bar, and the place has a dancefloor.  On Fridays, Saturdays they stop serving food but it turns into a club at night.  Thursdays are Seductive thursdays (don't really know what that means!!!!)  Fridays are kareokee, which is a lot of fun!!!The place just opened, so the service can be a little slower when it gets packed, but I would still come back here!!!  This is a must for Peruvian food, don't let the location fool ya!!!
<review# 1427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2010,11/26/2010,239,468,3,18,7>One of my girlfriend's birthday was coming up so another friend and I decided to kidnap her and take her to a spa to pamper herself. We were restricted in where to go because we were both on a tight budget but were lucky enough to hear about King's. I have to admit I was hesitant because of the area and didn't want to take my friend to some sort of "bath house" but reassured myself it would all be legit after reading the reviews on yelp. We arrived early on Saturday morning and were greeted by the friendly ladies in the front who spoke perfect English. They gave us pamphlets and a piece of paper explaining how things work around here(this helped tremendously so don't toss this!) so we picked up our outfits, took off our shoes and made our way to the women's locker rooms. Okay there is NOTHING that prepared me for what I saw in here. The locker room is connected for the water sauna area IE. the whirl pool and things like that. I knew you had to shower before going in the water area I just didn't know where the shower rooms were so I asked one of the workers. She pointed to the same room where the pool was at and I saw all these naked middle aged women coming in and out of. This is where the look of utter shock and I really hope I don't grow old with those stretchmarks face can be inserted. I definitely give these ladies prop for being able to walk around in their birthday suits but I stuck to the dry saunas. There were still several options from me to choose from. The pictures on their site are a little deceiving of how big each sauna really is so the popular rooms were pretty much full the entire time I was there. An hour and half into the sweating the girls and I were getting thirsty so we went to the snack area. I got the fresh pineapple juice ($4) and the three of us shared this Korean style seafood pancake ($9). It was delicious and I love how they have all these cute "tea" style tables set up for the kiddos.  This is a great place to come either alone or in a group, balling or broke or just plain needing to get away for a bit and just relax. My body felt like a noodle but I slept like a baby afterwards. I'll be back to King Spa for sure!
<review# 1428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2010,11/25/2010,249,256,16,14,15>For my Frui-tea-licious cherry popping I choose Thai tea with boba.. a relatively safe choice but Frui-tea-licious had me at balls popping in my mouth (Hi-O!)I wish I had an excuse to be in this area more often as there is so much I want to try here.  What is not to love about Fruit-tea-licious?  FREE Wifi and even computers to useDelicious teasa friendly staffReal Fruit Smoothiesa laid back atmosphere.This place seems to be constantly busy but I did not have to wait long.  Their ball to tea ratio is amazing.  Typically I find these types of places load you down on ice and skimp on the tea and balls. but not here.  I had enough balls to play with for hours.The only downside?  They have not built one next to my house yet (which would serve duel purposes: 1) provide me with easy to get Boba tea and B) It would squish my busy body neighbor Wizard of Oz style (I would love to see her feet roll up).
<review# 1429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,11/24/2010,63,63,10,9,8>Omi is definitely my favorite place for Korean BBQ. Hands down!The meat is great quality, the food is delicious and the service is awesome. The one thing they have here that makes them special is the Korean BBQ Buffet (sigh) this is the best thing to ever come to Texas. =) My friend and I tried the buffet, it's $20/person. Being two Asians girls, we of course had to get our money's worth! So when we walked in, we already declared war against the restaurant, and said we'd eat 10 plates of BBQ. Well, we were close... we ate 9 plates? Chadolbaki, samgyupsal and other stufffssss. The waiters stopped coming by our table (haha aww) and we finally left after the 9th plate. Sorry omi! They lost profit the two days we came in. :( The meats are of higher quality, if you go to other places you can tell the difference through smell and taste. The pajori is also different compared to other places.. I can eat 3-4 plates of it by itself. I'm planning on coming back .. maybe after midterms... ;)    total pig out
<review# 1430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2010,11/23/2010,541,525,16,16,18>So to be complete honest, I'm kind of pissed off that I wasn't the first to review this place, since I LITERALLY work 1 block away and watched it being built. Now my lazy ass has taken so long getting there that I'm the 69th (heehee) person to review. *le heavy sigh* Anybeers....I finally went. I prepared myself for the good and the bad since the reviews seem to be split down the middle. Arrived at a time where we found a fantabulous seat at the bar! WOOHOO!!! Perfect display of all the beers and which ones were on HH (with a medal around them). Already loving. The bar tender (yes just one) got our drinks and then we literally didn't see her again. They need more bartenders plain and simple. More came on around 6pm, but listen Mothman...you need to have them come on 5. We had to put our empty beer mugs at the end of the bar, they were taken, but we were not asked if they could refill. What? We're at a bar...obv refill please! So we started with a glass of Rouge Brown Nectar Ale that was delicious!!!! Then we moved onto the Victory Monkey (9.5% alcohol one glass, a-thank ya). I'm a beer snob and by george, this was friggin amazeballs beer. We started to get the munchies so we got the roasted artichoke which I wanted to bury my face in and stay for all eternity. Now: This review will def go on my Everyone Poops list, because the bathroom is the most amazing thing I've ever relieved myself in in my entire life. You know why? The Dyson hand dryer. It changed my life. First you have the comfort of the individual stall with the worry-free anxiety that someone will proposition you. THEN when you exit you are EXCITED to wash your hands. When you put your hands in, the air comes on and as you slowly remove them, they dry. My hands were dry in 3 seconds. Really. I ain't lyin. Can you believe I just dedicated a whole paragraph to the bathroom? I'm nuts. After another round of beers we decided we wanted some more munchies so we ordered the classic mussels. Now I am not, nor have I ever been a big fan of mussels...the whole thing about them creeps me out, but after a few beers and my out of body experience in the restroom I decided I'd be a bad ass and try. ZOMG! Cereally you guys, I die. They were so delicious! No weird texture, perfectly open and yummy bread to dip into the broth. My friend and I were fighting for the last one. By the time we left at 7:30pm, the place was PACKED. All in all, bravo Mothman. I will def be back, but please get some more bartenders. Poop.
<review# 1431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,11/22/2010,443,598,13,14,14>Bacon + Me = Friends. Bacon wants to be your friend too. Maybe not so much for your clogged arteries...If you look on their menu, just about everything has bacon on it and if it doesn't you can probably ask for it to have bacon with no probs.To start, our group shared an order of the CHICKEN FRIED BACON. Yes, I said CHICKEN FRIED BACON! It is what you think it is. Delicious bacony goodness battered and fried with a side of ranch. If it had a side of gravy it would have been golden.  Actually, I think I might ask for it next time I go since they do serve CFS (Chicken Fried Steak).Shortly after consuming bacon, I had some more awesome bacon in my 1/2 pound Crazy Texan burger. The burger patty was seasoned with roasted garlic, jalapeños and green chillies as Deno F. states. I don't know how I got out of their without being rolled out, but I was full to the max with that burger. Burger was juicy and delicious.On our way out, I saw a freshly baked pecan creme icing? bundt cake in the fridge. Only if I had more room in my stomach, damn. The lady that works there says the guy there makes the cakes and that they also make a red velvet one, too. I'm pretty sure I've gotta make another visit just for their cakes alone.
<review# 1432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2010,11/21/2010,92,346,11,19,7>For the sake of "usefulness," let me point out the room rates:- $20/hour for a 7-person room- $25/hour for a 14-person room- $35/hour for a 25-person roomNow let me stun you with my math skills:- $2.85/hour per person for a 7-person room- $1.79/hour per person for a 14-person room- $1.40/hour per person for a 25-person roomWhoa...talk about good, cheap fun!!!Now, if you consider that you'd gladly spend, say...$5/hour for karaoke, or maybe even $10/hour, then just buy yourself some drinks and pretend they're included.  Overall, the amount of fun that comes from drinks + karaoke = heck of a good deal.The facilities are clean, the service is excellent, and the song selection is amazing.  However, they are tragically missing "Love is a Battlefield."  Heartache to heartache we sang.
<review# 1433,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/25/2010,11/20/2010,384,355,5,6,5>I hit up La Paloma today while in a time crunch- bonus points for being near my office and more bonus points for having a drive-thru! I must say that the pics on here must be outdated because they recently moved just about a block down in a new miniature building. (How can we be expected to teach children to learn how to read if they can't even fit inside the building? ) It's much cleaner but less authentic-Mex looking than the previous location. But it's pretty darn authentic; I gave my order over the speaker to someone who greeted me with, "Hola, como esta?" I half ass attempted to reply my pastor and carnitas tacos order in Spanglish. Apparently he understood. For around $6 I got three small tacos in corn tortillas, with cilantro, minced onion, a wedge of lime, 2 small salsas, and beans, and rice. Not too shabby. I scarfed them down only stopping to notice how damn greasy they were and that the 3 napkins I was given was nowhere near enough! They were decent; the meat was a little tough but on par with Taco Bueno yet had the authentic factor going for them. The rice was good but the beans could use some salt or bacon fat or something! All-in-all a decent quick, cheap meal.
<review# 1434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2010,11/19/2010,150,120,9,12,12>*I chose to use the awesomeness of my 100th review to give props to a small business in my hometown,-they are up-and-coming and I hope we can see them thrive together :) * Where are you right now?  Not at Scrumbscious?  .........And why not?  Your answer better be "because it is after hours" or "I am at work making money so I can go to Scrumbscious", because this place is completely worthy of every second of your time.  I have seen the silver dining car on the Beltline golf course turn into many different mom and pop ventures in the past, and I have honestly never tried one of them.  Then, one magical day, I logged onto Yelp.  It's as if it was calling my name.  Infact, I usually log on as "in Dallas", but that day I accidently was logged in Mesquite.  Hot on Yelp told me about Bacon and Friends, and Chans, which are both wonderful, but very well known by myself and my tummy.  I thought I was hip on Mesquite food, but alas....a strange new name popped up as number three.  Scrumbscious.  I click on it.  A Pie Company?  In that little diner?  And then I see the most beautiful word ever created- "pieshake".  Yes, my yelpy friends, your eyes to not deceive - I said "pieshake".  I begged my mom to come with me one day to try this place out for lunch (I knew I might get a little excited if I had a whole pieshake to myself, so I needed company). The inside is surprisingly larger than it looked from afar, and it even has a large outdoor patio.  The décor leaves something to be desired, but hey, they are still an up and coming business.  We order cheeseburgers with one side of fries to share, and a chocolate crème pieshake, from their limited menu.  (With food this good, the menu doesn't need to be complicated.) I also decided on a fresh strawberry lemonade thanks to another yelp review.I was sucking up strawberries left and right in that lemonade.  That thing was the real deal and fucking delicious.  Perfect thirst quencher on a hot Texas day.  The burger was huge and tasty and had their "special sauce", and the fries were some of the best I have ever had.  Fresh cut, perfect texture and sugar.  Yes- sugar.  Oh my. Forget ketchup because all you will want is the special sauce to pour on everything.  Well, maybe not your pieshake.Which brings me to the most amazing part of this place, the pieshake.  Homemade pie is cut into slices and a whole friggin slice o' pie goes into the blender with a hefty helping of bluebell, right before your eyes. My mom and I fought over the straw like you wouldn't believe.  And it only takes $3.25 to make you this happy.*EDIT*Now that this is ROTD I feel I should let you fabulous folks know that they've moved! They're in the old WoodPitBBQ building at the intersection of 352 (Collins) and Main in east Mesquite- just down from old Mesquite High School :)  AND They've expanded their menu!!!
<review# 1435,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2009,11/17/2010,131,327,3,5,4>Ever since I moved back from college I have been missing that local bakery I went to practically every morning. When I walked in to pick up my order of birthday cupcakes, I realized I had found it...and it was BETTER!I first experienced Society at a Yelp Event. I've wanted to write a review about them, but knew I needed at least one more experience. Enter my roommate's birthday. I ordered four different cupcakes, all decorated is soft colors in their cream cheese icing. My roommate was so happy that I feel they made the night (aside from the drinking, but you know...). The staff was more than helpful in assisting me to select which cupcakes and the design of each one. They were ready when I went by to pick them up and their store was precious, I wish I could have stayed for coffee. I know they do more than cupcakes, so I'm just going to hold my breath and wait until another friends birthday or any given Saturday when a giant chocolate cake that reads "Afternoon Delight" is needed. If you know of such an occasion, let me know because I need a reason to buy a giant cake and not eat it all by myself. :)
<review# 1436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2010,11/16/2010,144,157,6,8,9>Mid-size venues have always been a problem in the Metroplex.  Venues for bands who are too big for most bars or clubs, but can't fill the larger venues like Nokia Theater.  Back in the 80's, the Bronco Bowl filled this need.  The down side was that you had to walk through a bowling alley to get to your show.  True story.  Granada now reigns supreme in this category.  But without the bowling.First off, this ship is run TIGHT.  I saw The XX there recently, and was told that the doors opened at 8, the bands started at 9, and The XX would be on at 11.  I got there shortly after 8, and things were moving along well.  Got through will call quickly, even though I did not have my e-mail confirmation (you can order online, as most do, and simply check in on the day of the show without a need for tickets).  The first band, Zola Jesus, started within 5 minutes of 9.  Second band, Warpaint, within a few minutes of 10.  And The XX was on almost exactly at 11.  Nice.Most shows are general admission - the are no seats, and you can pretty much hang wherever there is space.  A few shows they set up tables, and you will select your seat at purchase, but this is the exception rather than the rule. The place is not that large.  I think the capacity is 1150.  As a result, the setting feels quite intimate, and its tough to find a bad spot (unless a tall guy in a cowboy hat stands in front of you). The venue has some food choices - pizza by the slice, chips, et. al.  They also have a full bar with decent prices (comparatively)  - Crown & Coke for 7$, Guinness can for $6.00.  Parking was available behind the venue for $8.00.  Was nice to not have to worry if I was parked legally off Greenville.All round, great venue to see a band and have an enjoyable night!
<review# 1437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,11/15/2010,148,98,5,8,6>Being a girl who loves food I can't believe I haven't been here before! This place is great. Some of the best service I've had in a long time in a unique and comfortable space. From the moment you walk in you feel extremely welcomed. The hostess kind of had that relaxing, spa voice, "Hello, welcome to Local." I was looking around for a bathrobe, spa slippers and massage room...oh wait, I'm here to eat. Got it! The decor is modern yet inviting, multiple rooms keep it from getting too loud yet aren't so broken up you feel like you're in a fun house. And like I said before, FANTASTIC service. And I'm a sucker for that. I have to say it is WAY pricey in my opinion. This is in large part to their wine being extremely overpriced. True food prices are a little high but for local, farm-raised fine dining I'll accept that. But the wine list wasn't that great and was way too expensive. (And that is what's keeping this place from getting my last star.)The tasting menu was just a compilation of what was already on the menu so we skipped that and just ordered what we wanted. Lump Crab cake- Wonderful. 2 things I like in a crab cake: actual crab, and not a lot of cake. Spot on!! Panko crusted Sea Bass- beautiful piece of fish. I think it might be better without the panko. BUT it was fantastic. PB+C= Dry, skip the dessertIn Closing:Great Service, Good Food, Great Atmosphere, Free Parking Lot next door!!!
<review# 1438,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2010,11/14/2010,241,251,3,8,5>I went early to beat the rush-and was glad I did. It got pretty dang busy by the time I was leaving. I was ordered to get the snickerdoodles(the fave of everyone in my house) and decided i should get some chocolate chip and oatmeal raisin for good measure. I mean it was for charity and all. First, the people there were very friendly for being so early in the morning and knowing the onslaught they were about to endure. Second, the presentation is cute with the bow and the pristine white box. That's not really what you care about though is it? How do the cookies taste? Holy s-bomb!! I am glad the rest of the family enjoyed the snickerdoodles(which I will grant were very tasty) but the oatmeal raisin were redonkulous! I mean seriously awesome. I personally didn't see why people were willing to spend 9 bucks for a dozen cookies-until I took my first bite of the oatmeal raisin-consider me a convert. It was warm,buttery, and a little bit of heaven in my mouth. I will never cheat on you Tiff's oatmeal raisin! I think somewhere in my daze I took a bite of the chocolate chip-and I recall it was good but it couldn't take my mind off of my true cookie love. Someday I will try the other flavors they serve here- and I know a brownies in my near future- but until that day my memories of my time spent with the oatmeal raisin will keep me warm at night.
<review# 1439,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/18/2010,11/13/2010,290,376,,13,10>I'm on a mission to venture out of my comfort zone, stick a big toe in to test the waters, & try something new; so, I headed to the Caribbean Cafe, based on some great Yelpers' reviews.  Good reviews from 3  to 5 stars.  Up front, I've never experienced Cuban food (coward, yellow stripe down my back!). So, here goes, throw the shoulders back, hold head high, & walk in with confidence, like I know what I am getting into. Nada.Located in a nondescript small strip center, this is a really tiny restaurant in Carrollton on Webb Chapel @ Belt Line.  It's nicer inside than one would expect  from the exterior, no awesome decor but a pleasant  atmosphere. Small bar area, might be comfy  to enjoy HH & some apps. Two large flat screen TVs were off, only soft Latin music playing in the background. A small patio at the entrance, 3 tables with  2 chairs, overlooking the parking lot & busy Webb Chapel traffic. I suppose it would serve the purpose for those wanting to step out for a smoke, but certainly not to seek a relaxing view. At 1600, Surprised to see it occupied with 5 tables of late lunchers or early dinner diners. Greeted by friendly young man who took my drink order; although we did experience a slight language challenge, we managed. TS Margarita served quickly; not the best I've had, a slightly different taste, but okay.  Nice tall glass for $7.5. Went in with some trepidation, anticipating that  Cuban is all about black beans (not a fave of mine) & rice .  However, the menu is pretty varied, with beef, chicken, fish, several appetizers, salads, etc.  The lighting in the restaurant, as many other reviewers have stated, was very dim.  I stepped up to the entrance door for light to read the menu. Perhaps they should provide mini-flashlights. First, this wonderful bread was served ; it was absolutely delicious; a grilled soft bread, crispy & buttery on the outside, soft & fluffy on the inside. When asking what type of bread this was, I was told it is "Cuban".   Unsure if I have ever heard of Cuban bread.  Is there really  "Cuban" bread? Informed yelpers, let me know.  However, it was really yummy, DELISH !! On this first experience for Cuban eateries, I played it safe; I'm hesitant when it comes to eating something I've never had before, but wanted to give it a shot. Ordered a fish dish, Fillet Tilapia el Vino, i.e. Tilapia sautéed in a wine sauce, with red & green bell peppers & onions  on top . I subbed black beans for red beans. (Found it peculiar that I was charged $1.00 for the substitution; after all, beans are beans, black or red.)The Tilapia was good; wine sauce was light, not overpowering. Not the best Tilapia I have had, didn't blow my socks off, but good, moist & tender. Average sized  portion. Huge scoop of plain white rice, with no sauce, a tad on the dry side. The accompanying bowl of red beans was thick and flavorful , smokey, with a surprise in the middle; a potato. Okay, anything with a potato can't be bad, huh? Put a few spoonfuls of the beans on the rice, which made it passable. Just passable. Nothing I would reorder. The Plantains; let's chat about those. I've seen them in the grocery and thought no more about them than just that they were stunted growth bananas. These served with the fish were fried. Never had them before but took a tentative bite.  Ya know, they were pretty tasty; not as sweet as bananas, but a nice very unique different flavor.  I have now added another "foreign" food to my repertoire. Service by Isrelis was excellent. She checked with me a few times to inquire about my dining experience. Very gracious & friendly. We chatted a few minutes & she told me they had been open 5 years;  good sign that this locally owned business is surviving; glad to see. While I normally don't indulge in sweets, I was intrigued by the "Cuban Flan".  Asking  how it compared to Mexican Flan, she replied saying that Cuban Flan does not have the cheese, unlike Mexican flan. Hmmm, never had Mexican Flan that had cheese. It's a custard. Ordered it to go & upon tasting when I got home, found it quite good, light & creamy with a nice caramel drizzle.  I'm glad I experienced something previously unknown. I may stick both toes in the waters & go back again to check out some more adventurous dishes; maybe the appetizer of Papa Rellena, potato with beef or an Empanada. To be fair, seems like most folks who like this cuisine are pleased with the Caribbean Cafe, but not sure it's compatible with my taste buds. Yes, found it a little pricey, although I have no comparison to other Cuban restaurants. Pricey because  portions were not huge, although enough for my appetite. HH Mon-Fri, 1600-1900, drink specials; beer, wine, mojitos & well drinks. Gotta expand my horizons & add a mojito to my new to-try list. Must forego the TS Marg & wine mode  for once  and taste something different. Continuing the mission, trying Pho next, before the warm weather arrives.
<review# 1440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,11/12/2010,246,193,19,6,8>I checked this joint out on a friday nite.  They had the coolest band there - yea, a cover band, but they played The Roots, Ice Cube, Stone Temple Pilots.. Bob Marley...  They were mega funky and turbo good!The drinks were reasonably priced ( but I just moved from Miami, so everything is reasonable for me )Ladies - Regular... no bizarre outfits, or overly done faces...Men - Regular... didnt see any Hardys... so thats good.Smoking - Only outside (superb!)I am totally going back to see the band again - they are playing Feb 11th.  I will not, however, drink any more cosmopolitans.. these sugary koolaid concoctions turned me into a total waste product for the whole next day and a half.  I should have known better - but it was like drinkin a damn now-or-later... ahhh... nooooo.Any who.... the reasons I didnt give it 5 stars, is cause I had a bad hangover, and didnt get any numbers... not really the bars fault.. but thats how I roll.
<review# 1441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2009,11/11/2010,43,75,1,13,3>We've come here twice this month - for our 1st wedding anniversary and then came back with the family to celebrate sis's birthday. Both times were great! I know some people had sketchy service, but we had nothing but stellar service both times. The same waitstaff attentively ensured we had everything we needed and of course, enjoyed the 3 hour affair.We ordered from the 4 course meal options both times and everything was delicious (aside from the NY Strip Steak one of my family members ordered - too dry). I've personally ordered the Steak Diane with Lobster and then the second time ordered the Prime Filet - both perfectly cooked. Brie cheese soup was my favorite - they change up their menus regularly, so pick it if you can! I know many people suggested the Grand Marnier Souffle, but I actually loved the Raspberry Souffle more. What can I say, I enjoy fruity flavored stuff. The waiter also suggested I could do half Grand Marnier and half chocolate (for those adventurous souls!).If you come here, you really should spring for menu 1 or menu 2, none of the being cheapo and ordering it a la carte. Food portions are large and you certainly get your moneys worth! The violinist and pianist are good, but don't expect them to play but 1 song for you so don't make the mistake we did of tipping $20 and hoping for 2 songs. This is no mariachi band... sadly.
<review# 1442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,11/10/2010,33,71,,10,6>First of, for all of you who don't know me., I was born and raised in Mexico City, and think that I know what I'm talking about when it comes to Mexican food. With that said, today I went with some friends to try this place for the first time, and gotta say that it is one of the best taco stands that I've been in Dallas. I won't say it is "the" best, but is around there. I tried 6 of the 7 different types of meat that they got there: suadero, chorizo, cabeza, pastor, bistek and tripas and overall, they were pretty darn good.Pastor, though, was, once again, disappointing. BUT, that doesn't mean that it was bad. It was very tasty but it simply wasn't what a real pastor from Mexico City is: thin layers of pork butt marinated in some orangy, full of flavor paste, cooked over a vertical broiler that seals the juices and gives the meat a distinctive flavor... Oh, well. Enough of that and back to my review. The other 5 meats, chorizo, tripas, cabeza, suadero and bistek were just great. I could close my eyes and picture myself eating a street-taco-stand in Mexico City every time I gave a bite to any of these tacos. But that's not it, the salsas; one of the most important elements of a good taco, were spicy, flavorful and well balanced. You can have either the green or the red salsa and you won't be disappointed. In summary, I definitely recommend this place to any of you adventurous souls who are looking for something closer to the real deal.
<review# 1443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2010,11/9/2010,226,292,17,15,14>When my boss told us we would be having high tea on Friday at the DeGolyer Cafe at the Dallas Arboretum, I thought, 'Well, maybe I'll just come down with something Friday morning so I can skip it.' I then realized that I never turn down a free meal, no matter how far off my interest list it is and bucked up. I'm going to cash in one of my man dollars at this point because I'm really glad I went. The meal kicked off with a papaya herbal tea, cheese wafer and zucchini and dill soup. You're probably thinking 'Dill? Zucchini? Can't screw that up!' and you're right - I could have consumed a gallon of it and would have asked for seconds. Super tasty and surprisingly light. The tea they paired with it had just a bit of papaya aftertaste that paired a lot better with the soup than it sounds. At this point, I started to come around to the idea of high tea.Next up we had finger sandwiches: creamed cucumber, chicken salad on croissant, turkey on rosemary bread, egg salad, and banana bread and cream cheese. The egg salad was super bland and disappointing. No real flavor, not even from the egg or even from the mayo. Luckily everything else was really delicious. The banana bread and homemade cream cheese were great. The turkey and rosemary bread was probably my favorite - big flavor coming out of a small sandwich. The chicken salad was light on the mayo, which was a huge plus for this mayo hater. The sandwiches were paired with a strawberry vanilla tea. Once again, it  paired really well with the sandwiches. At this point I really started considering making high tea a part of my daily life. Finally it was time for dessert: chocolate covered strawberries, petits fours, lemon bars, pecan pie bites and cranberry scones with jam and clotted cream. At this point I lost any semblance of testosterone left in me and became a raving lunatic fan for high tea. Pecan pie, lemon bars and scones just for the sake of a mid-morning meal? Yes, please! The tea that was paired with dessert was some herbal hibiscus - once again, amazingly tasty and a great finish to the meal. I can't say I'll ever be back for high tea at the DeGolyer, but if you're ever there and see a guy sitting in the corner wearing sunglasses and a hat and giggling like a school girl in front of a tray of finger sandwiches. . .don't judge me. . .just keep walking.
<review# 1444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2009,11/8/2010,125,194,11,10,11>Good Gawd, this was the best brunch EVER! And well deserved too seeing as my BF and I tried to come last week but were denied due to a lack of reservation. I immediately booked for the following Sunday and invited my parents, which now made it free and free food just tastes better. It does. I ordered the Fried Chicken Biscuit, BF ordered the famous Burger, Dad got the Haystack and Mom got the blueberry cornmeal griddle cakes. Flavor explosion. We were in and out in less than hour due to the sheer speed of our face stuffing. But let me elaborate. The Fried Chicken biscuit- OMG. Huge. A perfectly fried, crispy, tender, juicy chicken breast sandwiched between 2 jalapeno biscuits, shredded cheddar cheese and honey butter. This kicks Chick-fil-A's ass and takes names. Plus it is gargantuan, I could only eat half. Comes with a fresh veggies slaw- no mayo- very light and yummy. That's some good eating. The Burger- Yes, it is as good as everyone boasts. Also huge and smothered in bacon and cheese, I happily took a bite of my BF's burger and didn't even mind when all the juicy goodness dripped everywhere. He couldn't finish the whole thing...yes, that's a big deal, We took it home and put it in bed with us. The Haystack- so tasty and unique. The sriacha sauce has a major kick, so be careful if you don't like spicy stuff. The avocado mellows out the spice. I will probably get this next time. Blueberry cornmeal griddle cakes- blueberry-tastic. Won't blow your socks off, but some darn good cakes. Overall, we all LOVED our meals and it was worth the extra week's wait to eat here. I am dying to come back and try their dinner ( hint hint if you are reading this BF).
<review# 1445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2010,11/7/2010,462,279,15,23,17>I have a confession to make:  I like to shoot shit.  I've mostly tagged along with my parents to their gun range, but when I decided to buy a gun I knew it was time to find my own range.  Enter Targetmaster.My biggest concern about becoming a gun owner, as a female, was encountering the Good Old Boy mentality of not taking gun-toting women seriously.  I've never once been made to feel that way at Targetmaster.  The staff is incredible.  They're friendly as hell and have answered every question I've thrown at them with enthusiasm and a true desire to help me find the right gun.Since I plan on getting my CHL and will need plenty of practice, both before and after my class, I decided to join the range to save a bit on my fees.  A family membership is $150/year - single membership is $100 - and cuts the range fees in half from $15 to $7.50.  Members also have the option of buying a 20 session pre-paid punch card for $100, which saves another $50.  On top of that, members also get various discounts on anything purchased from Targetmaster, weapons included.The range itself is great because it's so big, meaning you don't have to wait during peak times.  There are 24 lanes (25-50 yards) that are separated into two rooms.  During cold weather it can get a little chilly despite the space heaters so plan accordingly for that.If you don't already own your own equipment, Targetmaster rents weapons ($15 for non-members, $10 for members).  You have to buy their ammo which can be a little pricey (depending on caliber), but if you're not sure about what gun to buy this is a perfect way to test out several different guns.  You get a complimentary circle target and can pay to upgrade to silhouettes ($2) and color photo targets ($5).If you like to shoot shit and have been looking for a great range, Targetmaster will blow your socks off.  Literally.
<review# 1446,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2010,11/6/2010,325,161,10,7,7>You want lederhosen with that?The first time I came to Kuby's was on my birthday a few years back, and I keep coming back. Of course finding parking is the main deterrent keeping me away or I would visit more often. It's located in Synder Plaza and parking is an expensive commodity.The restaurant is inside a German Grocery/Butcher Shop, shop around for some good spicy mustard and other German fare. To the right you walk into the restaurant and if you're lucky you will get to see an elderly gentlemen playing accordion complete with lederhosen and hat. There are booths as well as long tables with benches and the walls are lined with steins of all kinds. My favorite dish is the sausages, I will usually get the Polish Sausage and bratwurst, but have also tried the Schnitzel and was also impressed. I had never had sauerkraut before coming here, I am a fan! The spicy mustard with the sausage is awesome and, while I usually don't drink beer, you can't go wrong with any of their darker beers. The service has always been okay, but nothing to write home about. Definitely a place to try for lunch.So, next time you see that hot girl from the office, ask her "Do you like sausage?" and bring her to Kuby's.
<review# 1447,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2010,11/5/2010,281,210,4,15,8>What a groovy, Euro-style lounge. Reasons why you should check out Four Lounge:1. Super friendly staff2. Keith makes all the syrups/flavors himself so they are all super fresh/creative3. There are so many options. You can mix any of his flavors into champagne or a mixed drink. I had the blueberry champagne, the jalapeno-esque champagne, and the lemongrass-ginger margaritatini. The spicy champagne was really amazing. I never would have expected the flavors of jalapenos to mix so well with bubbly. 4. Awesome ambiance/decor. Add pillows to beaded chandeliers to oversized chairs/cushions and you have a very sexy, comfortable atmosphere 5. Really creative place! Very unique and intimate6. Ladies' Night on Thursdays- free champagne from 9-12 :) Yay! Perks for being a female!7. Nice music selection- we had some light techno-ish music and some salsa while we were in there8. Romantic- great spot for a date!9. Fresh flowers on every table! Love is in the air!Cons-1. Just a little pricey- most drinks are between 10-20 bucks but they are strong! You get your money's worth!2. And it's pretty small so if you have a large group, it might be too crowded on a weekend!I'll definitely come back. It'd be a great place to be a regular :)
<review# 1448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,11/4/2010,193,345,10,13,12>Hmm, not sure where to start.  I guess for one, I will just tell you that I am a regular person, and unlike the previous reviewers, I don't know the resume, background and bloodtype (geez, get a room!!) of the chick who opened this shop.  and secondly, I will also freely admit that although I consider myself a relatively culinary "in the know "person who tries new things (I know about black garlic! and have had peanut butter on my burger!!) and spends a lot of time at WF and CM, I really had no clue what most of the stuff in this place was.  Yes, it's chocolate and nuts.  I got that much.  And I get the "dude" and the "sweet" descriptions just fine.  But I really could have used a little more education than just a list of obscure ingredients (is that an ingredient or a region? or maybe just a really badass adjective??) to make decisions on which confection I wanted to go home with.  And at   $10+ a treat, it's worth thinking over.The space is very cool, and fits in perfectly with the other unique storefronts in Bishop Arts.  I always feel like I'm on a mini vacation and want to stop in every place to see what's up, which is how we ended up there today.  Lots of people going in and out, there's definitely a buzz.  A cool, Austin-y chick who I'm assuming is the "dudette" was there, very friendly and helpful, talking to guests and offering up samples - however it would have been nice had there been someone else on hand to answer questions. I stood in one place for a good while trying to figure out what some puffy, white, non labeled treat was, thinking at any point someone would come over and offer some assistance.  Then, when I finally passed on the mystery puff and perused a jar of candied nuts, my question "are these all the same, or different varieties" (the packages are all plain and don't offer any insight as to what's inside) I got a hurried confirmation and an offer to taste one, but no further discussion - which was unfortunate as I was in the mood to experiment but my companions were ready to jet.  I finally just randomly chose a couple items (a box labeled "crack" and one of the canisters of mixed candied nuts) and just made my purchase so we could go.  I have since tried the treats from both containers (and since they are labeled only "dude, sweet chocolate" you better try and remember what you purchased!) and like the candied nuts more than the "crack" - which was really good at first then I bit into something that was very confusing (is that Pine Sol??) so I was afraid to continue since it was a giant slab of unidentifiable objects.  I did visit the website, which has a menu with nice descriptions that would have been helpful in the store, so might I suggest putting those out for newbies like me to review before making a selection...Maybe if you plan to visit, just print that out and take it with you.  I definitely will throw out 4 stars, as I'm a fan of cool, local shops that produce unique products (especially when they are edible!!) but can't go 5 just because I walked out feeling a little let down and wishing I had been able to get more out of the experience.  I definitely think if they wouldn't have been so busy it would have been really cool to talk through some of the varieties and gotten some recommendations, almost like when shopping for cheese or wine.  I particularly want to try the hill country, now that I've read the menu and know (somewhat!!) what's up.  Maybe I will go buy "fancy chocolate for dummies" before my next trip, who's coming with me!?
<review# 1449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,11/3/2010,3760,1373,7,14,9>If you want to do a quasi "day trip" and want to get away for a moment, check out this pool/bar/drinkin' area in the guise of a lodge.  The inside bar area has more of a King of the Hill setting feel to it, and the outside does too but with an indy edge, befitting of the little forest hills nieghborhood that it's near.It's a neighborhood feel with cigarette smokin moms, cute girls and hippy boys with a lack of pretense.  The swimsuit showcase of bodies was decidedly and happily average, which I found refreshing.  No hyperbolized beach bodies here.   That said, there were was some pretty bikini action.Someone hand wrote the word "saloon" on the sign that hangs near a covered patio area that sells cheap cold beer, margaritas, hotdogs, chips and hamburgers.  People know each other here.  I overheard from a bearded young man,"they played white zombie here all day yesterday - it was awesome.", while a young hip mom with a lifelike peacock feather tattoo running the length of  her arm consoled her son who got splashed.  A large friendly woman with a black tshirt that was cut into a halter top, hanging off her shoulders, with SECURITY written on the back passed by my lawn chair and softly said, "Jello shot?" My only major complaint was that there was the occasional offensive "lake" smell, whose origin I could not pinpoint.Bring your iPod or listen to the music on the decent outdoor sound system with selections across the board from country to 80s new wave to indy folk.The pool is a basic rectangle with a shallow and deep end, surrounded by tall trees. Lawnchairs.  Lawn area.  BBQ.  Picnic tables.  Volleyball court. Live music on certain days.   Pool is open everyday except Monday, and Sunday it's open until 10pm.All this for $7 is yours, as a non member, $2 for members.
<review# 1450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2010,11/2/2010,569,258,27,13,15>I had some friends drag me here kicking and screaming claiming they had great food.  Guess what they were right great meals at an even greater price.  I had the signature steak and lobster tail for $10.  The only thing that sucks is Bill Bates doesn't sign their signature steaks.  The great part is Bill Bates doesn't dance there either which means they ladies are working hard to burn a hole in your wallet.  I will tell you that they do have great food and some beautiful ladies that serve the food and offer various gyrating movements known to many as a lap dance.  I have never taken part in one of these until my drink was spiked and then all I can remember were multiple friends spending money forcing me to receive the aforementioned lap dance.  This joint has great couple specials on Saturdays free before 9pm and dinner and dessert for just $25.  That's right folks great food and some hot a$$ ladies working their magic and trying to pay that light bill.  I think the least you could do as a red blooded American is help boost the economy and blow your bread on these fine ladies.  Whatever you do don't be scared just do what needs to be done have some dinner and 3 to 10 lap dances to make it a nice and quiet evening of fun.
<review# 1451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2010,11/1/2010,169,1223,3,4,5>the katy trail is awesome, its beautiful, i am blessed to live right by it. this is why i go for runs there during the week right after work. lots of people do this, its great. all sorts of people do this, the young ones, the old ones, the ones that are training to run marathons, the ones that just wanna get off the couch, the hot couples, the not so hot couples, cyclists, strollers, walkers, showoffs.. all sorts of people. you should come too. water fountains approx every 3/4 of a mile, markers every 1/4 miles to keep track. just awesome. i love dallas more because of the katy trail.
<review# 1452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2010,10/31/2010,232,63,4,18,9>Jimmy's is the most authentic, well stocked Italian market/deli in Dallas. Pretty much everything Italian; pastas, sauces, wines, meats, beers, olives, pastries, peppers. Honestly though, that is not why I go there. I go there for lunch, it is spectacular. Everyone raves about the Cuban but the real star is the Italian sandwich or it's beefed up buddy, the Italian stallion. They are far and away the best Italian sandwiches in Dallas.Actually ordering and enjoying lunch there can be a bit awkward for a first timer so I will tell you the drill:Walk in the front door, head straight to the back, you will see the meat counter, go to the far right side and there will be a menu posted on the column. Order one of the aforementioned sandwiches, go pick out some chips and a drink. Take possession of sandwich when name is called, head back to the front of the store where the cash register is and pay. At this point you have a few options, you can either stay or leave. If you choose to stay you have three options1. Outside - A few tables with umbrellas, nice when the weather is.2. Inside front - Three small tables and bar stools, nice if obtainable.3. Inside Back - This room is a bit hidden but they have marked it more clearly now, head back to where you ordered and go around the chip display, continue behind where the sandwich makers are and there is a fairly large sized room with large tables, you might end up sharing one if its crowded but just concentrate on your sandwich and it will be fine.There you have it, Jimmy's lunch made easy and delicious.
<review# 1453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2010,10/30/2010,147,117,9,8,7>Popped my Cowboy Chow cherry at lunch today, I was in the neighborhood. First of all, that place really does look like an old west saloon. Tons of space, tall ceilings, all Westerned out, the set up is great. I ordered water for my beverage, and I was surprised when they brought out this ice cold bottle, full of water, with an old timey top on it. Then menu is great, they have THREE DIFFERENT KINDS OF BRISKET TACOS! And the brisket items do not end there, they put brisket in or on everything, I thought I was going to find some rolled up in my cloth napkin. I had the Jalapeno Brisket tacos, and the were great. The flour tortilla had a slumber party tickle fight going on inside between the brisket, pico, cheddar cheese, and grilled jalopenos...evereybody won. Also, I saw the Fried Green Tomato Lollipops, for a buck a pop, so I just had to include one in my ding dang of a hoedown lunch. It was juicy, crispy and fresh out the garden. I highly recommend investing in a lollipop. I will be back soon, that menu is laced with things that make my pants dance.
<review# 1454,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2010,10/29/2010,213,158,10,10,10>Twice I've honored this place with my presence.Twice I have told myself "Not gonna overdue it...stick with the healthy stuff.....ONE PLATE."And twice I've left wishing I had brought stretchy pants to change into after what could only be described as a complete fail of will power. I......love me some Ali Baba lunch buffet.The yellow coconut curry chicken...atop their white rice...has my mouth watering before I even enter the place. Their Gyro meat is always cooked perfectly! I don't like Califlower, but they have this lightly breaded version of it on this buffet that even the pickiest of eaters would be going back for seconds. I dip everything in their hummus. Their salad is fresh and not "over dressinged" (yes, I just made that up and you know exactly what I mean). Grilled chicken kabobs can sometimes be a little dry....but pour some of the curry sauce or hummus over it, and VWALA. The beef stick thingy (that's what they actually call it) was also really good.....LOTS of flavor.......and the mixed vegetables are always the perfect accompaniment to everything else on the plate. And all THAT is just plate #1!!!!!!! Go back for couscous...go back for some babaganoosh......go back for one of the other MANY MANY scrumptious morsels that are on this buffet-o-rama. PLUS....The service is always tip top, though it is always crowded. *slow clap*My one complaint -- hence the 4 stars -- is of all places, they pulled a major FAIL on pita bread. It's like leather. I mean...seriously? THATS what you get wrong? Oh well....I'm fine filling up on EVERYTHING else :)I dare you to only get one plate of food. DOUBLE. DAWG. DARE. That's right, I said it....
<review# 1455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,10/28/2010,236,423,3,10,4>Aboca's is my kind of place. It's a neighborhood, non-chain, ethnic eatery. It advertises itself as Italian, but I believe the owner may actually be Albanian, so the food can hint at a more general Mediterranean flair? On the other hand, because they target the American market that is familiar with the Southern Italian pasta thing, most people will be completely comfortable eating here, unlike most little ethnic spots. Your meal comes with warm, soft, chewy bread. The dip is not just olive oil, it has spices and loads of garlic and is completely delicious. The house salad comes with a zesty dressing and is more than just lettuce. Their food is your basic pasta and pizza. Their tilapia is good, their signature Aboca dishes (with mushrooms, artichokes, and lemon cream sauce) are delicious. Everything is just spiced well and has much more flavor than some flat pasta dishes. The desserts are to die for - especially the tiramisu, which is very light and you could possibly get drunk off of. :) The chocolate cannoli is also good, but so is the Italian cream cake! It's hard to go wrong. AND.... the prices are reasonable. Score.
<review# 1456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2010,10/27/2010,172,285,3,7,4>I blame the Taiwanese movie for showing numerous shots of the night market and the delicious street food of Taipei...after that viewing, I just HAD to get my fix of Taiwanese food, so I HAD to go over to Richardson.Just like the characters in the film, I got the pork and vegetable dumplings. For those less experienced with authentic Chinese food, these are not the fried dumplings aka potstickers that a lot of Chinese places serve - translated literally, in Chinese it's "water dumplings," meaning they've been boiled. They weren't overly greasy, which I liked, and the skin was the right thickness. I also tried their beef noodle soup, which was good but not amazing, and their handmade scallion pancake, which was AWESOME. Instead of the typical flat fried pancake, it was flaky so that you could pull rings of the delicious hot bread. I shudder to think at how much oil was in that thing, but it was hot and fresh and greasetastic.Mian looked different from the last time I was there - I believe they underwent a change in management. It's relatively new, and it's got a cool modern look going on. You order at the counter and then get utensils and water yourself. It looked like they also now have a Tapioca Express in the restaurant as well, so it would be a nice place to get some boba.
<review# 1457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2010,10/26/2010,255,323,20,15,13>Saturday was the first day I paid any attention to this place.  I took my daughter to a movie and lunch for a "Daddy/Daughter Day" and I noticed Icey across the street from us as we were on the way to Build-A-Bear.We stopped in and I introduced my child to the joys of boba.  Sure, boba is tasty, but the fun of boba comes after you finish drinking the liquid.  Fat straw?  Big, gelatinous ammo?  WTF do you think is going to happen?Although the roof of my house is now covered in little black globules of tapioca, I clearly demonstrated my pwnage of boba spitballs by clearing the roof of my house from the middle of my driveway.OK, back to Icey.  The Thai Tea was dang tasty.  My daughter's strawberry/banana was very good and made with fresh fruit.  If I wasn't already full from lunch and a bucket-o-popcorn from the movie, I would have chowed down on the delicious looking crepes they were slinging.
<review# 1458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2010,10/25/2010,139,83,15,12,11>I've heard a lot of former Austinites complain about a lack of good taco stands in Dallas.  I've certainly never been to one before, so I guess that confirms their claim -- but I've also never really fancied myself a taco hunter.I'll let you make your own dirty joke here.  I don't know if I got worn down by all you taco lovers out there who keep Yelping left and right about your favorite taco stands, or if just suddenly saw the delicious taco light, but I decided that today was going to be the first day I was going to seek out and try a taco from a restaurant that only made tacos.  So I pulled out my awesome Yelp app on my iphone (which I freakin' love... maybe too much) and hit that lovely "nearby" button.  The Taco Joint was right at the sweet spot of highly rated and close by, so I ventured there with my trusty co-worker side kick, The Zaffles (Yelp's Jason Z.).  He has the palette of a 5 year old which makes him both surprisingly easy and at times frustratingly impossible to please.  In a way, to have your food sampled and either accepted or rejected by him both reveals everything and yet... proves nothing about the tastiness of your restaurant.In fact, forget I mentioned him.Where was I?  Oh yes, so we kicked in the door to The Taco Joint and were immediately relieved to find that the interior was much nicer than the outside -- I mean, based on the intersection (Peak and Gaston), I figured it was a 50/50 shot that I was gonna find meth heads and tranny hookers playing pool when I opened the doors.  Fortunately, they were just eating tacos.  Just kidding, there was only like one meth head.I got the brisket tacos because you guys won't shutup about them, and you were right -- they rock.  They were juicy and flavorful and complimented well by the avocado slices that came with them.  I also got some jalapeños and ranch because of another recommendation from Yelp.  They came with rice and beans and all for under 8 bucks!  The Zaffles got the enchiladas (dammit, dude, we came to a taco stand, not an enchilada stand).  He made his usual complaint about "beans always coming with Mexican food," but I didn't totally karate chop his ass into a coma right then and there because he is from a small town in Pennsylvania and doesn't know any better."OK, so other than the beans, are the enchiladas good?""Yeah, dude."SCOOOOREEEEE for The Taco Joint.  We agreed that we could come back and buy tacos for our company for breakfast one of these mornings.  I look forward to updating my review with the breakfast report.  If they can satisfy me and my trusty side kick "por la mañana" as they say, then we will have a 5 star review.
<review# 1459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2010,10/24/2010,610,180,6,8,7>Mmm mmm!!  I just had me one tasty lunch for CHEAP!!  $5.95 for my bowl of beef stew noodle soup.  It's 105 degrees outside?  So what!  I gots to satisfy these taste buds of what it's craving!!  So I did my thang - walked up to the counter and ordered my dish.  Cash only?  No problemo!  They keep their prices low this way so I don't mind!  Get my own water and utensils?  I can do that!  I got my own 2 feet and 2 hands!  I'm not all pompous and has to have someone wait on me and serve me!  Nuh uh!!Yum yum... it hits the spot.  The broth is flavorful - even better with some hot spice in it to give it a kick.  The beef is always tender and the pickled veggies they give you on the side balance the flavors so well.  The egg noodles are tender and the bok choy is still a little crispy.My friend ordered beef lo mein and she was a happy camper too!But man o man!  They really are being cheap on the a/c!!  Come on now!  You can spend a little more money to make your guests a little more comfortable.  I would've ordered a bowl of shaved ice (omg it looked so yummy) but I was soo soo full!  Sorry buds... the fans aren't cutting it so if you're going to be doing me this way, I guess I'll have to wait until the weather cools down to chow down on your goodness again.  I can't be fanning myself looking like a hot mess.  Toodles!
<review# 1460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2010,10/23/2010,203,237,5,8,7>I don't think you'll find a better philly cheesesteak sandwich in DFW.  Their motto: "The best 10 inches you'll ever have in your mouth." They take a pillow-soft hoagie roll and lightly toast the inside on the grill and fill with it with chopped slices of grilled beef and onions.  They hide the cheese underneath the meat so don't be alarmed if it looks like they forgot it.  And while not at all spicy, the acidity of their house-made 'hot sauce' compliments the greasy richness of the sandwich perfectly!  The fries are just okay so I'll probably skip those in the future.The atmosphere is very casual and feels the way a cheesesteak place aught to feel.  For the full effect, Fred's walls are covered in 76's, Eagles', and Philly's memorabilia.  Although I think the cheesesteak sandwich could use more cheese, I'm still giving this place 4.5-stars.  I'll try to ask for some melted provolone on top next time.The leftovers, which they'll wrap up for you, are great so don't hesitate to get the full 10 inches.  I reheated my lunch leftovers in the oven and added some prosciutto and a fried egg to make a tasty dinner!
<review# 1461,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/27/2010,10/22/2010,322,339,9,12,11>This review has been a long time coming as Goldmine has become a weekend hangover destination spot for me. As far as hangover food goes, this place is ok. I typically show up in my sunglasses and drink about 3 Cokes and scarf down the meatless breakfast burrito. My boyfriend is a huge fan of "The Goldmine Breakfast Special", and orders that just about every time we go. I'll deviate and order other things off the menu, but the breakfast burrito is generally my first choice. The oatmeal is also edible. My favorite thing about The Goldmine, however, is the waitstaff. These ladies are a jovial bunch and every time we are in there they joke around with us about something. A lot of the time I feel like I am at my Aunt's house having breakfast instead of sitting in a restaurant.The prices are reasonable as well; a breakfast with 3 people generally costs us about $24. This is a Garland Greasy Spoon, y'all, with a down home atmosphere and sense of humor. Also, if Marlyn ever waits on you, ask if she wants another cat.
<review# 1462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2009,10/21/2010,207,393,9,12,10>Wobbly wooden stools and crooked pool cues. 40-something waitresses who smoke, do shots while working tables, and wear no flair. Smoke so strong you can taste the Menthol. Patrons yelling out song requests like they know the act ("Ala-fucking-bama!") but they don't. Real wood floors stained with God-knows-what and peanut shells that are not there for ambiance. This place is awesome. I recently moved to Richardson and have no love for the mega-chains up and down 75. I needed a new local bar since I am newly a local in need of a drink. Thanks to Yelp, I found it with neither trial nor error. One and done. If you're ever cruising up and down 75 through the Telecom corridor thinkin' about stopping for beer, hit up Main St. Liquid Co. It reminds me of the Stockyards before it went all touristy in the 90s. Even though they have a big screen and some pool tables, it has no generic sports bar/Fox 'n Hound feel to it. With a long skinny bar along the length of one wall, it's layed out shotgun-style as a watering hole should be. Also, it feels kinda biker bar-ish, but not in midlife crisis mode like Duke's. For example, on the 20*degree night I went, there was one hardcore MF'er who did ride in, so it's not for possers. As has been mentioned, the crowd ranges from aged bar flies to disillusioned 20somethings playing pool after working some spare service industry job. On the night I went, the demographics seemed in my very unscientific analysis to skew more blue collar than $30k millionaire d-bag. I hope they don't "find" this place, but I suspect if they were to do so they would've by now since apparently it's been open 40 years. But hell, they found and ruined Lee Harvey's, so it's possible. Even though Main St. Liquid Co is on a "Main St" named section of Belt Line squished between 75 and N. Greenville, it's polar opposite of what you'd find a few miles down on Beltline in Addison. The food is serviceable. I just grabbed a burger and fries. It's pretty close to a Whataburger with a healthy shot of industrial grade Yellow #5 mustard, and the fries needed salt. So it's no Angry Dog/Twisted root. Add on five pints of Shiner (which was a bit flat and not exactly cold, but I'll chalk that up to technical difficulties with CO2 lines), and a $20 tab plus tip and I'm out. Hard to beat on a Thursday night with live music/no cover.
<review# 1463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2010,10/20/2010,895,667,9,18,15>Okay - I have seen for myself why this place gets so much love.  It's friggin delicious!  Three of my other Yelp ladies and I went to lunch today at 11:30.  Was expecting a packed place, but besides another couple, and a guy getting to-go we were the only ones there.  I love that you order from wipe off menus that have pictures.  So easy.  Just check the photo you want, take the menu to the register, pay, and then your food is delivered.  Everything is wrapped and labeled so it was easy to keep track of what we were eating.With four of us, we all split the empanadas four ways so we could sample almost everything on the menu.  My favorites were the cheesy corn (I forget the names) and the spinach and ricotta.  Yum.  I liked all the meat ones (chicken, beef, tuna, brisket, chorizo), and I'm not sure which one I liked best.  I kept dipping them all into the chimichurri sauce, so they all kind of run together in my mind right now.  I could bath in that sauce, though.For desserts, the apple empanada was okay.  The pineapple one was delicious and tasted like a pineapple upside down cake.  The sweet potato tasted kind of like Thanksgiving, but with a kick.  A good kick.  But, as Lisa P said, the cheese and guava was by far the winner on the dessert menu.All that food and a bottle water totaled just a tad over $7.  Yes please!  I can not wait to go back.  I'm glad I know what shopping center it's in because I passed it twice.  Hint... cross-street is Country Club.  And look for the smiling empanada, or be smarter than I am and look at the photos on Yelp before you go.  You're welcome.PS - Check Megan M's photos
<review# 1464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,10/19/2010,220,341,4,7,5>Every time Sugar Bear and I dine at Tramontana, we wonder why we aren't here more often. It is sooooooo delectable, and we always have an outstanding experience here. They have gift certificates on Restaurant.com, and that sweetens the deal! I started with a Grey Goose martini. It was lovely, although not as dirty as I like. Next time, I'll ask them to make it SUPER swamp dirty...the way I like it! My appetizer was a wild mushroom 'souffle' with smoked salmon on the top. It was served with an arugula salad and a smear of basil creme fraiche. YUM-O-RAMA! The wild mushrooms 'souffle' was not really a souffle because it was too dense...that is probably just the closest descriptor they could find. The flavor combination was a fanciful mix that worked really well. Sugar Bear's appetizer was the mushroom bisque. It was bursting with mushroom goodness and infused with truffle oil. He prefers cream based soups, and this was not heavy on the cream, but he really liked the flavor of this soup. I enjoyed my sampling of it as well because it wasn't overly rich. Mmmmmm.... I had the scallops with basil risotto for my entree. I think I had a major food-gasm with my first bite because I opened my eyes and people were staring at me! The waiter came by to note that it looked like I was really enjoying my scallops. They were tender, buttery, and perfectly cooked. I really wanted to run to the kitchen and kiss James Neel, but I figured Sugar Bear would be offended since this was 'our' romantic evening. Oh yeah, Sugar Bear had an entree too. He enjoyed the Chateaubriand with a wine sauce. It was fork tender and melted in your mouth. The accompanying sides were whipped mashed potatoes, fluffy sweet potatoes, a squash concoction, and asparagus. He drank a glass of malbec with his red meat, and it was the perfect pairing. For dessert, Sugar Bear ordered the sea salt caramel souffle (this was a real souffle, unlike the other described above). This combination is his favorite at Paciugo, so he figured it would be pretty rockin' as a souffle. I thought he was brave to order another souffle so soon after our dazzling trip to Rise No. 1. It arrived with caramel and vanilla sauces. Always being one to live life to the fullest, he poured BOTH in there. After his first bite, he had the same inclination that I did after the scallops. I told him that it would probably get us thrown out of the restaurant if he ran back to the kitchen to kiss James Neel. So, how did this dessert rate in comparison to the apricot dessert souffle from Rise that Sugar Bear adored? He felt this souffle was even BETTER! The service and food are terrific at Tramontana! I can't believe that more Yelpers haven't reviewed this gem of a restaurant! It is not a dress up place, so you can wear jeans. However, it is a wonderful restaurant to impress a date. Also, get on the email list if you like it. They have wine dinners and seasonal specials. I'm going to the King Estate wine dinner next week ($50 per person...not bad for a wine dinner!).
<review# 1465,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/22/2010,10/18/2010,197,169,5,7,6>This place at first glance looks like a bikers hang-out, but go inside and you'll see it still does! The weird thing is, it attracts all kinds, bankers and bikers, alike. Our bar tender thought he was a real-life vampire, with fangs and was quite personable.It was somewhat crowded, but the noise did not break the sound bearer. The worst parts about this place was there were spills collecting who knows what and the bar tender could not hear my drink order when my husband gave it to him, so he settled for the water handed to him and the correct beer he had wanted! (Thanks Honey!!!)  They had a nice patio area with with a mural on the wall and a dirt floor.  You have to remember that the charm of this place is it's dive-like decor`.  The people here are friendly- not just the staff,but the clientele.All-in-all it was a pretty neat place.
<review# 1466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2010,10/17/2010,191,168,6,5,7>I just got back from a destination trip to Wingfield's.  First time so I thought I was prepared.  Daughter and I didn't eat breakfast so we would be hungry.  Got there at 11:05 and there was already a wait - felt lucky to get a parking space.  Everyone is right - these burgers are huge and GETTOFABULOUS... I say that with much luv and respect.  People from all walks of life were represented in the wait line outside.  DO call ahead - doesn't matter if you've been there or not.  People are actually giddy when they find out that their order is ready.  Guess it's the anticipation and wait that build up the excitement.  Chris L is right - don't waste your time with any sides, you'll be challenged enough to finish the burger.  I ordered our (of course I split a single and barely finished it) cheeseburger plain so I could analyze the flavor of the meat.  It's seasoned, but for the life of me I can't figure out WTH is in it.  I wanted to rub that wonderful beef patty all over my naked body.  Yes - it really is that good.  TG I don't live anywhere near this place or I would be here at least 3x a week.  The place is tiny - hell, the counter is 2 steps inside the door.  I hope this place never gets featured on Triple D - that's all we need is for someone to f-up this wonderful joint!
<review# 1467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2010,10/16/2010,188,317,4,16,11>Quick poll everyone.  Raise your hand if you like beer.  OK, looks like most everyone here.  Now, raise your hand if you like a wide variety of beers.  Wow, again almost everyone.  How about the liquor fans, raise your hands.  Hey, there you are!  Raise your hand if you like great food.  I knew it, each one of you loves food.  So my last question is why are you here reading this when you could be at The Draft House?The Draft House has been on my radar since I first started to notice the 5 star ratings it was getting (especially since it was close to home).  It's only been open a few months and is located in a shopping center next door to a Mexican restaurant.  When you first walk in you'll notice the new TVs hanging over the bar and the big projection screen in the corner.  Everything looks so shiny & new.  You'll also notice the wall of beer taps on the right behind the bar.  I think I counted around 30-34 different varieties available to quench my thirst.  We were greeted by Mark the Bartender who gladly took our drink order and provided us with menus."Oh my, look at the stuff on this menu.  This doesn't seem like your typical bar food. Score!"My wife and I started with the Chorizo & Cream Cheese Dip and the Pub Toast.  The Chorizo & Cream Cheese dip was served with tortilla chips sprinkled with seasoning.  One bite into this stuff and I was transported to cream cheese heaven.  Seriously, I would have licked the bowl clean had my wife not said I was embarrassing her.  The Pub Toast was just as good.  Serrano ham and Manchego cheese served on a toasted baguette topped with pepperoncini pieces - really, am I at a bar?  Manchego cheese and Serrano ham people!For my entree I had the Andouille & Angus Burger served with a side of truffle fries.  Yes, I said truffle fries.  The burger was prepared correctly and topped with a good serving of avocado.  The flavors slapped my taste buds around (and I mean that in a good way) and took me to a happy place.  The truffle fries, ah the truffle fries - such tasty little sticks of deliciousness.  If I needed one thing to change about my meal it would have been to get my wife her own order of fries so I didn't have to share.Did I mention the beer?  So many to choose from, you'll definitely find something that makes you happy.  I didn't try any of the mixed drinks, but I did notice a Happy Hour sign regarding domestic beers and well drinks.So there you go, my new nearby hangout for beer, food and to watch the game.  What more could one person ask for (besides more truffle fries).  I imagine this place will get crowded once people find out about it.  Please do me a favor and save me a seat at the bar.
<review# 1468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2010,10/15/2010,106,107,15,13,11>When I told my wife of my intention to award Shin with a 5 star rating she responded by saying "What are you talking about?  They're just donuts."  Just donuts?  Kroger makes donuts that are just donuts.  Baker's Square makes donuts that are just donuts.  Those two sentences wounded me deeply.  I felt like I had borne my creme filled soul only for it to be dashed to pieces and trampled under foot.  Shin's donuts are NOT just donuts.  They are some of the finest pieces of glazed bread man has ever known.I can't ever get out of this place for less than $10 even if it's just me, not because Shin's is overly expensive, but because I want to make sure I get a bite of everything.  The glazed blueberry cake donut is my favorite, immediately followed by the donut holes.  When they're right nice and hot they literally melt away in your mouth.  I can down those babies like a bowl of popcorn.  The cinnamon twist (not the one that has cinnamon sugar on it, but the one with glaze) and the chocolate glazed donuts are also solid choices.I'm a huge fan of the kolaches as well.  Shin makes them with the perfect amount of sweet bread wrapped around a tasty, juicy jalapeno sausage.  I'm not as in to the jumbo ones for whatever reason, but the regular size ones are so delicious.  I've heard great things about the croissant kolaches as well, but haven't tried one yet.  Aside from having great food, Shin is one of the nicest people you'll meet.  Almost every time I go I bring my son in and she gives him a donut hole or two which he absolutely loves.  One time we ate there and she popped open a milk for him at no charge.  I really hope this place will start to get the Yelp cred it deserves, because it completely redefined what I thought a good donut should taste like.
<review# 1469,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/5/2009,10/14/2010,55,65,4,7,6>In the cesspool of mediocre, over-priced restaurants that litter the streets of Valley Ranch, a lone beacon of hope shines bright. Today, San Diego's Taco Shop opened for business. This will surely deliver a crucial blow to the kingdom of Velveeta, chili, dim lights, and all other Mexican abominations that have overtaken Valley Ranch. Just like it's cousin on Story Rd. in Irving, San Diego's offers delicious and inexpensive food.BACON BREAKFAST BURRITO: 4 stars. Almost breakfast perfection. Bacon, egg, cheese, potato. Large, fresh tortilla. $3.00!CHIMICHANGA: 4 stars. Meat, beans, cheese, in a fried tortilla smothered in sour cream and guacamole. Sounds like a recipe for clogged arteries.CARNE ASADA BURRITO: 3 stars. Warning: these are not your usual burritos with rice, beans, meat, lettuce, tomato, sour cream, cheese, etc. The carne asada burrito is meat, guacamole, pico de gallo. That's it. Having said that, the meat was nicely seasoned. I caught a few tendons but still pretty good. $4.00.CARNE ASADA TORTA: 3 stars. Kind of a let down. The meat was questionable. It was salty, tough, and disappointing. Definitely NOT the same carne asada used in the burritos. What saved this dish from 2 stars was the fact that the bread and everything else was still pretty good.FINAL THOUGHTS: The first few times I ate at San Diego's I always ordered a breakfast burrito. As I've eaten there more times, I've realized that, aside from the Chimichanga, the breakfast burritos are the only thing worth ordering. But that's enough for me to remain a fan of San Diego's.
<review# 1470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2009,10/13/2010,70,221,,9,11>Well the term "Geek-In-A-Box" comes to mind! LOL Just kidding. This is an amazing person who handles almost anything you can think of computer related. If anything happens to your computer or you just simply need extra security on it give him a call. He is wonderful at figuring out what your computer needs. My computer simply had a mind of it's own and was protesting the Internet. He gave it a good wake up call and voila, my computer works!!! I have absolutely no computer knowledge and he broke down the things I needed to know in lay mans terms!!! That makes me feel so much better and less like an idiot. I absolutely hate tech guys that try to appear smarter than you. The rates are very reasonable. You can call to make an appointment and he will visit your home or business. You can also drop off your hardware. So the next time you use your computer for a coaster or target practice and need it fixed give him a call. Don't bother with an out of the US tech phone operator!
<review# 1471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2009,10/12/2010,318,97,5,9,9>dined in the "red room", smack in the middle of the restaurant and featuring a chandelier brought back from chef pyles from the middle east. good service overall, but staff still had that new restaurant anxiety albeit eager to please. chef pyles and his jovial presence was fairly dominant. chef vijay made an appearance at our table. seemed a bit distracted, but friendly.recommend staggering order, especially if you are in a large group. amongst us, we probably ordered over half of the menu. i personally ordered a couple selections each from Spain, Mediterranean and India. must try item: foie gras brulee topped with crispy serrano ham. can order separately from the "tres vasos" offering. heck, just order a trio of the brulee. absolute best dish of the evening. also enjoyed the halibut with garam masala. the haloumi-stuffed squash blossoms were nice, but not sure how the herbed pomegranate salad added?  a pass: chorizo dish a bit greasy and mediocre. plain naan quite good. great texture and taste. must be due to the special tandoor they have. apparently they have a chef's tasting available, but it's not published. i think it's only applicable to the white and red dining areas. need to try that next. great way to sample and have the chef select for you with wine to complement. it was so difficult to decide as there were so many tasty choices!bonus: scored complimentary desserts from the chefs: parfait and fried pastry with ginger creme (reminiscent of gulab jamun) -  delicious! i ordered the crema - similar to a traditional creme brulee, but more complex. located in the san jacinto building. valet is $5.
<review# 1472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2009,10/11/2010,27,142,3,11,5>This place is a legitimate hole.  The real deal, swanky dive bar that you'll likely only learn about by word of mouth, because you'd never notice it if you were just driving though the seedy center of Arlington, as it's tucked in amidst rent-by-the-hour motels, used car lots, and bail bondsmen.  It's a rarity to find a bar in Tarrant County that seems real.  Arlington doesn't have all that many bars in the first place, and most are more like restaurants that happen to serve booze.  And Ft. Worth is 99% corporations--chain bars with 40 year old women dressed like school girls or modeled to look like an Irish pub.I don't know what Cave's is trying to look like.  Perhaps a cool lounge.  In any case, it doesn't try to hard and may even fail, and it's all the better for it.  The place does get crowded and it is filled with smoke...but it's a freaking bar.  If you want peace & quiet & comfort, you probably shouldn't be in a bar in the first place.  Complaining about smoke is almost as bad as saying the bathrooms aren't very clean.Many people mention the jukebox, which is better than most and avoids the standard X-rock frat boy music for the most part.  And the drinks are ridiculously cheap at times--even on weekends you can get a $2 drink.
<review# 1473,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,10/10/2010,231,448,5,7,6>I met a few close friends here for a relaxing dinner this weekend and I didn't know quite what to expect given its menu & locaiton.  I have a bad habit of underrating many strip mall restaurants, but this place proved that I need to revise my standards completely.  I loved the low lighting and clean look to the decor and furniture.  The chairs were a little strange at first, but I eventually settled in comfortably.  We started off with edamame, which didn't come out caked in salt, thankfully.  The order was enough for the 3 of us to split without ruining our appetite for the main course.  I was feeling the Pad Thai menu, so I went with the Pad Thai Woon Sen.  I liked that it was served with shrimp, chicken, and tofu.  Best of all worlds there!  The chicken & shrimp were cooked well & the tofu had a very slight crisp to it, which was delicious.  I'd never tried the clear noodles before, but I enjoyed them as well.  As far as the traditional flavor of pad thai, I don't think this dish quite matched up to it, but it was still pretty good.  More peanuts / peanut flavoring would have been good.  I'd have liked a few more green onions mixed in there (or more veggies in general), but I'll live :)  My dinner companions were equally pleased with their orders of Red Curry and the Mongolian Beef, so all was well by the end of the meal.The waitstaff was kind, courteous, and didn't feel the need to loom over us.  Our drinks were constantly refilled, though we were barely aware of it happening because it was so quick & discreet.  Our waitress even boxed up the remainder of the meals for us while we got ready to pay the check.  Sadly, we didn't have the room to try any dessert that night.  But that just gives me another reason to visit again!
<review# 1474,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,10/9/2010,70,154,5,6,7>First Chinese BBQ isn't a place that needs your business.  In fact, they are well aware that YOU need THEM.  That's most likely why the service is so g-awful but why the food is so good.  Authentic, no frills, home-style Chinese food.  Seriously, it's cash only and cheap.  We go there any time the in-laws require a fancy outing.  Not that FCBBQ is fancy, the in-laws are just traditional and know what a good meal tastes like.  Good stuff:-Wonton soup - made with fresh shrimp and pork in a simple broth with some Chinese broccoli-Roast pork & Chinese BBQ pork - Well the restaurant's named after half of the ingredients in this dish and it's hanging there waiting for you as soon as you enter.  How can you pass it up?-Orange beef - if not made well, some restaurants can really screw this dish up.  FCBBQ is spot on.So you might cry that they didn't give you their attentive service, but when you taste their food, you'll get that you were wrong and this is where you go for some legitimate Chinese food & come crawling back next time.  They are literally Dallas' soup Nazis.
<review# 1475,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,10/8/2010,199,275,6,12,10>I found Guy's studio after trying to get out of a fitness rut. Run 5 miles, spin class, lather, rinse, repeat was getting very old. I found the studio both on Google and Yelp. I heard excellent things. I have to admit that I was intimidated as they come. However, kickboxing was very approachable. I paid $10 for a 10 day pass. Being one of three girls in a class of about thirty, I was immediately placed with a brown belt. They are serious here. You do about 15 minutes of conditioning (jump rope, sit up, push ups) and the partner up. That's the fun stuff- punches, kicks, and combos. I was pretty weak and my partners were always cool with that. I attended classes taught by Audrey. She was a butt kicker. She follows you around making sure  you're kicking and hitting to your true potential. She is also hell on your abs. I'll never look at a medicine ball the same way. This is a  very serious training studio and people who attend are devoted. Most are trying to be UFC fighters and this is the place to follow that dream. I enjoyed the classes, they mixed it up for me, and kicked my butt. However, as much as I liked it, I couldn't justify the 6 months at a $110 month contract. Try it though if you ever wanna kick up your routine. It's good motivation.
<review# 1476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2010,10/6/2010,31,146,13,5,4>Background-The first impression one gets from reading these reviews is your food will come soaked in oil.  When you ask your friends about this place they'll tell you "Oh man it has so much oil it's so yummy!"  Unlike almost every Desi I know, I'm not a fan of oil-soaked food so my hopes weren't too high for this place.In general, Indian food has some major disadvantages in my book.  You can be served a big plate of meat and rice, but you'll have to spend about 20 minutes picking out all the stones, twigs, bones and unknowns from your dish.  After that you're only left with very little edible stuff and very messy hands.  More often than not, the punishment far outweighs the reward.Setting-You walk into the old building sitting in the old plaza and to the right you have a grocery store, to the left a restaurant.  It consists of a crappy seating area, a counter to place your order at and a little kitchen behind it.  I had reservations about using the bathroom to wash my hands, but it had been recently remodeled and was fairly clean.  That's good.The man at the counter was happy, like most Desis, and seemed excited about the food he has to offer.  We asked for recommendations and he didn't disappoint.Food-We ordered like seven different dishes.  I can't tell you their names, but let me describe them for you.  Everyone is right, they were all oily.  Some were super oily, others were just oily.  But all of them were oily.  What you must do to prevent instant coronary artery damage is pick out the chunks of meat and leave behind all that liquid poison for the others (if they're brown, they'll eat it).Use the naan (bread) to rip apart and savor the tasty meat you now have before you.  Dip it in some of the runny green liquid they give you and you'll be as happy as the man behind the counter.The food overall was very good.  The chicken was whole white meat, the beef was tender and the sauces they come in were distinct and not overwhelming.  Grab yourself a cup of chai on your way out as you walk to Agha Juice for their Falooda and you'll have a nice finish.  Oh, and don't eat anything else for the rest of the day (or you'll regret it).
<review# 1477,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2010,10/5/2010,188,256,27,17,19>Ask any recovering drug addict and they will tell you that the hardest part about staying sober is how boring and mundane everyday life becomes without their substance of abuse.  Eventually, many addicts relapse because they simply feel they can't enjoy life without drugs.My friends, Dean Fearing is no less than your friendly neighborhood drug dealer.  Sure he looks nice and sweet on the outside, but deep down he knows that after luring you into his restaurant and trying his food you will hardly be able to stand eating normal food again.  He just smiles and hands you his little culinary masterpieces, knowing the whole time that after this, it wont be long before you come back for more.  And soon you are pawning in your mother's wedding ring just to pay for another meal at Fearing's.  And then it's over.  You're hooked, and there is no going back.And how can you?Who can eat a simple hamburger when you could be enjoying Pan Roasted "BBQ Spiced" Filet and Chicken Fried Maine Lobster on Queso Fresco Corn Potatoes?  Not me!Who can eat fried chicken when you could be having Apricot Barbecue Glazed Bob White Quail on Iceberg Wedge Salad with Point Reyes Blue Cheese and Cider Braised Bacon? This was my first time with quail and it was outstanding.  Dean knows how to create some serious sauces, and his glazed quail shows his talents off remarkably.Our meal was basically one power-punch of flavor and excitement after another.  I tried things I had never tasted in my life and everyone was exceptional.  But the best dish for me was probably the Maple-Black Peppercorn Soaked Buffalo Tenderloin on Anson Mills Jalapeño Grits and Crispy Butternut Squash Taquito.  The buffalo was so delicate and flavorful, oozing flavor from every inch.  But the Jalapeño grits stole the show, best grits I have ever eaten by far.We finished the night off with the Banana Pudding with Homemade Vanilla Wafers and Toasted Meringue, Warm Beignets and Bananas Foster with Vanilla Bean Ice Cream.  Probably, one of the greatest desserts I have ever eaten (but I am a real sucker for bananas).  You stick anything with sugared, fried dough and I am there.  Oh great, I just drooled on the keyboard.I must have driven my wife crazy on the way home after dinner because I just couldn't stop talking about how amazing I thought our food was.  But this is more than just food.  It is an adventure on a plate, a gastronomic Disneyland, and Dean Fearing is just a dude in a fat Mickey Mouse suit.
<review# 1478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,10/4/2010,127,93,4,9,9>Fresh sushi and very friendly service means I'll be back!As soon as you walk in, Simon yells a greeting from behind the sushi bar.  He is so funny!We had the Yellowtail Sashimi Special, the Scallop Roll, Better Than Sex Roll, and the Mermaid Roll.  Surprisingly, I'd say the BTS Roll was actually my least favorite--personal preference I suppose.  The Mermaid Roll was REALLY good--very spicy, though.  I'd get any of these again.Had Mango Mochi Ice Cream for dessert--definitely tasty!The server was good at suggesting rolls based on our preferences, which I really liked.  Sushi can be a little overwhelming when there are so many things to pick from.  I basically told our server what fish & sauces I like, and he suggested all of our rolls (except Yelpers suggested BTS Roll).I love finding hole-in-the-wall sushi places that aren't trying to be uber-trendy.  And since it's BYOB, you'll save some money on the cost of your alcohol!  Win-win.
<review# 1479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2010,10/3/2010,126,176,10,9,9>I'm the mistress of skepticism when it comes to Dallas's hallowed hot spots, but Stratos caught me off guard in a good way, like knowing Sponge Bob is gay, but being 100% cool with it.  Anywho, 2 couples walk into a bar and order margaritas and a pita platter with hummus.  They enjoy the soft, fluffy pita bread and decent hummus.  Then, the 2 couples share Greekish lasagna, tilapia and the Aphrodite chocolate dessert thing, all the while savoring the gloomy interior and not-so-savory shredded tights on the waitresses.  In truth, the food was good.  Maybe not spectacular, but definitely enjoyable.  I bemoaned the lack of falafel on the menu, but it's forgivable given that falafel is actually an Arab dish.  Thanks, Wikipedia.We hit up Stratos moments before the restaurant turned into an all-out grind fest, but caught most of the bellydancing show.  It was definitely a joy to see, and sneaking glimpses of the various age groups of patrons confirmed that the show was enjoyed a bit more as an artistic display rather than a rauchy acrobatic act.  On the way out, I noticed the patio looked like a great place to hang out and chat.  I'm eager to catch a salsa night at this place.  Until them, Stratos is worth a try.
<review# 1480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2010,10/2/2010,1341,757,10,23,11>If you're Catholic and it's Lent season, then you're prolly aware that Friday's are reserved for SEAFOOD! :DI go to this restaurant sporadically because it is a bit run down BUT I always come back because there are a few dishes I'm willing to risk getting mugged for (the area isn't thaaat bad, I promise, but I do feel uneasy at times)You gotta know what to order when you come here- If you're looking for the regular beef and broccoli or kung pow chicken, go elsewhere bc you could get that at prettier/cleaner places for about the same quality price.Here, I would recommend my family's favorite (we've been eating here since I was a little kid) :1. Tom Rang Mui- Salty Fried Shrimp (prawns? i don't really know the difference)  This is guaranteed goodness. 2. Clams in black bean sauce- little clams drenched in a black bean sauce. yum.3. Tau Hu Ky- Fried shrimp balls. Pillowy puffs of shrimp. 4. Lau Canh Chua Ca- Sweet and sour hot pot filled with fish, bean sprouts, tomatoes, pineapples, and other veggies We had a few veggies side dishes but they were just normal so I'm not going to bother mentioning. Oh, and if you're bringing someone who judges a restaurant by the cleanliness of their bathroom.. um don't? Don't scar your date. :) Ocean's really tasty but really old and rickety.
<review# 1481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,10/1/2010,90,133,2,6,7>The spicy tuna had more kick than any other spicy tunas I have had in Japanese restaurants. I ordered the lunch special number 2, which included 5 pieces of sushi and a spicy tuna roll. Some places make sushi with mostly rice and a little bit of fish, but Genki's had a large fish piece and a little bit of rice; sushi was delicate and delish. The amount of food deserved the price as well. In fact, spicy tuna was so good I wanted to eat it all, but I was so full to finish my food. I will go back to Genki sushi very soon for another spicy tuna roll.
<review# 1482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2010,9/30/2010,108,346,3,9,5>It's as if I've taken an acid trip and landed on the scene of the movie "Amelie", inside a vintage candy store in Paris of some sort. There are giant glass jars in different parts of the store filled with jelly beans, jawbreakers, assorted cookies, and whoopie pies. The cold glass case holds fruit tarts, mousses, and shortcakes. Tempting....dangerously tempting. I had to calm myself down before I broke the bank and ordered every tart and cookie in the store. HOLD ON STEF, you came here for the cupcakes!When I finally pulled myself together, the sweet young lady helped me pick out 4 cupcakes. Strawberry, vanilla, red velvet, and lemon (the special that day). The strawberry is my favorite of the four. The frosting was unexpectedly tart and fresh, smooth and oh so flavorful and the cake was moist with perfect icing to cake ratio. Lemon was delish too and I have to give them bonus points for all the lemon zest they added. That extra OOMPH added a pop of flavor. Red Velvet was OK, this is where they started losing points to Society Bakery. I thought the cake portion was a little crumbly and too rich that it overwhelmed the delicious sweet cream frosting. Vanilla was standard and everything I expected from a vanilla cupcake. Initially I thought about giving 4.5 stars.What won me over was the strawberry cupcake. I use to think Sprinkles had the best strawberry and it was the only thing that made me liked Sprinkles anymore. So good-bye Sprinkles, there is no reason for me to come back to you and your overpriced hit-or-miss cupcakes. The strawberry at Tart is perfection to say the least. No wonder they've been named Dallas's best cupcake. $2.50 a piece is a reasonable price I think. More reviews to come because I know I'll be back.5 stars for amazing cupcakes (- red velvet) +  nostalgic vintage atmosphere + friendly service
<review# 1483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2009,9/29/2010,137,147,4,6,5>So I tend to burn out places that I like...or at least be the guy that every waiter there knows my regular order (yes embarrassing at times and forced to alter-order because of that).   Well, it didn't start well at Penne Pomodoro for me: first meal seemed way too paint-by-numbers Italian. Think it was a gnocchi with mushroom sauce: didn't have any excitement to it.  My 9 year old's pep pizza was very average (especially after just having had a good coal-fired Grimaldi's pizza days before).Grudgingly went back with friends and it started to show a few good sides.  The steamed mussels were large, plump and savory, with plenty of bread for soaking broth.  Had pasta with the arrabiata sauce: nice enough to have again sometime.What really did it for me was a quick take out dinner: the petto di pollo alla griglia: grilled chicken with lemon, garlic and rosemary.  It was light and flavorful: grilled well and served with a half lemon wrapped in a cheesecloth. Not a bad touch for to-go food. Sides were nice as well: parmesan mashed potatoes-decent for restaurant, and lovely julienned zucchini, carrots, yellow squash.  Altogether quite pleasing.  Oh, the sauteed spinach was tasty as well: studded with slivers of roasted garlic, although I missed the red pepper flakes that were supposed to be there.So in the end, I'm tempted to take away another half star because of the utilitarian nature of this place.  It's a little too generic, but it's also comforting and pretty good, especially for a nice take out meal. And yes, I'm starting to get the rep as the guy with the grilled chicken takeout.  Oh well...it's worth the shame.
<review# 1484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2009,9/28/2010,725,843,7,9,10>I got blood on my shoe.  Katy got some on her pants.  I'm soooo freaking jealous.  I wish I'd gotten blood on my pants too.Evil Dead the Musical and we were in the splatter zone.  There is nothing more sublime than tab dancing zombies doing the sprinkler.  Service here is AMAZING.  Last minute they gave Katy and I seats to the sold out show the night before Halloween.  When I called the box office to see if sold out meant sold out, they told us to come down and they'd figure something out.  And they did.  WOW!  They totally didn't have to...they were sold out.Beer and wine by donation.  Super staff.  Great production.  And tickets were only $20 each.  If you get a chance to see the show before it shuts down...I think this week...do it.I love this place.  I love Evil Dead.  I love Shiner.  I love tap dancing. I love the Hub.
<review# 1485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2010,9/27/2010,167,230,7,7,5>Ok. I get it. I get it.This place is the ultimate for awesome tacos. Honestly, it reminds me of a place off of East Riverside in Austin. So freaking good.I had the barbacoa and picadillo tacos. If you ever want to go around your job saying - hey, smell my fingers, then I suggest you get the same. You will have lime, cilantro and onion scent on your hands all day. To me - that's a plus, not a minus.The green salsa is the best part. I could drink that alone.Great little walk up place and wasn't too busy in the morning.
<review# 1486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2010,9/26/2010,251,161,6,9,5>Super Yoga Palace is such an exciting addition to the vibrant culture embodied within the Deep Ellum community.  It is located inside the Life in Deep Ellum cultural center and the entrance to the studio is situated on Taylor Street.As soon as you walk into this lovely studio, you enter an atmosphere of joyful reception and are filled with peaceful anticipation. The instructors are amazing as are all the other yogis who join in on the practices.  Jessica has succeeded in creating a true sense of family and community within her studio.The actual asana (poses) practice will take your work out to a deeper level of physical excellence and endurance.  And, although, the classes provide a challenge for even a seasoned yogi, modifications are offered for beginners as well. I took Jessica's Saturday morning Sweat Yoga practice and left invigorated and motivated to have one of the best weekends EVER!At times, the instructors have been known to take the practice outdoors.  One lovely Monday morning, I was fortunate enough to be present for such a practice. And, I must say that until you have engaged Virabhadrasana(Warrior I) while gazing up into the pale blue sky and all its radiance, you have not experienced the true essence of the pose.SYP also cultivates an atmosphere of preservation by maintaining a green environment throughout the premises.  A true global yoga practice!  Additionally, the instructors have quite an ear for music so your senses are treated to sounds that help you feel vibrantly alive without taking you away from your breath.After the practice concludes, you are able to walk over and peruse the wonderful art work displayed in the Mokah Gallery or sip some tea at the coffee bar.  Yoga, art, music and tea, what else could a person wish for?I completely adore this studio if I lived closer I would be here all the time!  So, if you are looking to experience a sweaty and profound almost spiritual connection with your breath, you should take your yoga practice to Super Yoga Palace asap.
<review# 1487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2010,9/24/2010,87,53,,7,10>I'm a fan! This is one of my boyfriend and I's favorite restaurants. We came here a few times when we first started dating - and I would totally recommend this as a date spot. We always order a few different tapas, and then share. This is a good way to get to taste more for your $. The food is great, but it doesn't make you feel super fat and like you need to hold in your gut for the rest of the date. Lol!Sometimes there is live music, but it never interferes with our conversation. Then again, we never have sat close to the band. The service is usually pretty good as well, even when it's crowded.
<review# 1488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,9/23/2010,98,143,3,6,7>TOTALLY awesome. I recently got to go to the NSC for free with Tricia S. seeing as she had some free passes. We went later in the day on a Sunday which was nice because there really weren't that many people there. I was sooo blown away by the awesomeness of this place and can't believe I've been in this city for almost two year and have never been. My favorite part was the outdoor sculpture garden. It literally feels like some sort of secret oasis in the middle of the bustling arts district. The juxtaposition of the lush garden, huge sculptures, and surrounding skyscrapers made for a great sight. I could sit out here for hours on a beautiful spring day just soaking in the scenery. ***Disclaimer*** you are not, I repeat NOT, allowed to touch the sculptures.While this is well understood at normal museums, many people do not realize you are not allowed to touch the sculptures (ahem, Tricia S.) :)  This resulted in some of the museum workers being pretty bitchy when they repeatedly tell people to stop touching things. It was also pretty confusing because the exhibit we went to see featured art that you were allowed to touch and manipulate. There should have been a sign posted as soon as you walk into the garden that says, "Please no touchy feely," or something to that effect. This is totally unrelated, but one of the best parts of the experience was seeing the youngest son from that old show Home Improvement while we were checking out the gift shop. Even more hilarious was the fact that he was complaining about the lack of culture here in Dallas and asking people where he could go to do interesting things... WTF?!?! Oh well, he looked cracked out anyway. The Nasher is definitely an amazing cultural experience and a new personal favorite location here in the Big D!
<review# 1489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2010,9/22/2010,259,574,5,10,6>I've been a client of Chris Box for a year now (happy anniversary, Chris!) over at Evolution, but since he and Brad just opened the beauty box and I had my first appointment there this week I thought I'd review the new digs! The building is super cute. It's purple and each of the the stylists has their own room and it just feels cozy - I like that its just Chris and Brad and not a bunch of other stylists and staffers all around. They are still decorating it, but its already cute so I'm sure its just going to get cuter in time. Another new addition - they have ottomans by the shampoo chairs - this sounds like a minute detail and you might wonder why would I mention that - but trust me it's kind of awesome. They have recently hired a receptionist/assistant to help them with the front office-y stuff and she's new to the business (and a little rough around the edges) so don't let that throw you off from this salon or you will be missing out. Chris did an amazing job with my cut and highlights (As always!) He always listens to me when I feel like a little change and changes it up just enough to keep me happy without going too far where I might freak out. We were running slightly behind schedule (darn you traffic!) so Brad styled my hair this visit and he did an awesome job. My hair looked amazing. Next time I need to look fabulous for an event or something I'm totally booking a blow out with Brad. Go to the Beauty Box! Chris and Brad will take great care of you!!! :)
<review# 1490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2010,9/21/2010,88,90,6,10,13>Nick and Sam's brings the effin' goods.  The fiancee went all out and made reservations for my birthday last night and Nick and Sam's did the same by serving up the goods and making the night special. My experience at Nick and Sam's makes me want to go back and double check my other 5 star reviews, because they really took everything to the next level.  We were given complimentary champagne when we were seated, and complimentary port with our dessert.  The GM came by twice, just to make sure everything was perfect and more importantly, he managed to do so without coming off as annoying or intrusive but as genuine. But you know what's better than the 5 star service?  Only a 5 star steak and 5 star cab to wash it down with.  I mean this was a mouth-gasm of meat and wine greatness.  We got the dry-aged "long bone" cowboy steak with truffle butter, which is a shared steak with a huge rib bone still attached.  Oh there were other things involved too - a chopped salad, sauteed mushrooms and a delightful onion marmalade - but the steak stole the show, as well as any hunger I had previously been experiencing. Finally, I should note that the space was great, the featured art work interesting and the wine list deserving of the awards which it has received.  In short, Nick and Sam's lived up to the hype and I highly recommend it for a great steak or to celebrate any special occasion.
<review# 1491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,9/20/2010,105,217,2,8,8>Mrs. Bear, a close friend and I visited Bolsa for the first time based upon a friend's recommendation.  It was also our first encounter with the Bishop Arts District.  More research is definitely necessary!Three words of advice for going to Bolsa on a Saturday night:  GET HERE EARLY!  By 7:15 PM the place was jam-packed with partyin' people, and shortly thereafter the wait for a table was 2 hours long.  Admittedly, this is a really small restaurant, just a little box-shaped building standing by itself near the corner of Davis and Cedar Hill.  The parking lot is tiny - people were parking all up and down the street.  We were on a mission to try everything on the menu, but unfortunately for us, our stomachs were simply too small!  Here's what we managed to sample, between the three of us: Bruschetta Tasting, Spinach Salad, Pepperoni and Jimmy's Sausage Flatbread, Mushroom Soup with Truffle Oil, Kobe Beef Carpaccio, Texas Bobwhite Quail, Salt Pond Oysters and the White Chocolate Rum Tile.  We also sampled 7 glasses of the house wines.  Whew!  When we left, we were a trio of stuffed bears - we could hardly walk!Everything, from the salad to the dessert, was pronounced delicious.  I also peered over my shoulder at what others around us were having for dinner - the Seared Sea Scallops and the Pork Tenderloin appeared to be popular and looked very nice.  On my list for next time!  The wines were delicious and reasonably priced - a rarity in Dallas.The word "bolsa" means "sack" or "bag" in Spanish.  It didn't take long to figure out where the name came from - there are tall shelves of various goodies just inside the front door, including private-label coffee beans, cookies, honey and other condiments, all for sale.  So it's hard to leave without carrying something home in a bag.By the way, the waitservice was excellent - Richard, our waiter, provided valuable advice on what dishes to select and what wines to try.  Our total bill for three adults was about $200 which is not bad at all for first-rate food and drink.  The bar service was pretty slow, even considering the big crowd, and that plus the poor parking are the only reasons I'm giving Bolsa 4 stars instead of 5.  We will most definitely be back.
<review# 1492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2010,9/19/2010,549,363,10,11,16>*Aaaaaaaa* (insert beam of light from the heavens shining down on my pizza)Let it be known, I love Cane Rosso. I enjoy pizza made with fresh dough. I like pizza that isn't made of crap I've never heard of and ingredients defrosted and thrown on my pizza by some teenager. Jay Jerrier cares about his pizza, his ingredients, and his business.From the Il Cane Rosso website, he says he fell in love with real pizza during his honeymooon trip to Italy. He later trained with Neapolitans from the Associazone Verace Pizza Napoletana to try and learn the skills of true pizzaioli. His mission is to promote true Italian Pizza. Even the name is sweet to me... il Cane Rosso came from his dog, a "red dog", which translated is il Cane Rosso. My mom had the margarita pizza. She mentioned to Jay how she would have enjoyed at least one piece of basil per slice. He told her that the way he learned was not to overload the pizza with toppings and basil is really more of an aromatic than something that is included with every slice. I really feel like every item placed on the pizza was put there for a reason and he really takes pride in every pizza he creates. So just 'cause you like your pizza with stuff on every square inch doesn't mean that's how it's supposed to be. I've only had Cane Rosso pizza at Times Ten for the Wednesday night pizza deal (twice now) so I can't say how things go over at the Chocolate Angel. I can fully report that sitting out on the patio at Times Ten, eating really fresh tasting pizza, drinking great wine, I was perfectly happy.
<review# 1493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2009,9/17/2010,54,243,3,10,7>Thursday 11/12 was one of those ping pong days for lunch.  Among colleagues: "where do you want to go?  I dunno, where do you want to go?"After rejecting old favorites and recent favorites, we had a "eureka" moment (ok, as much as one could have when deciding on a new place for lunch)....and decided to make a jump over to Mi Chula's, in Plano.This lunch visit was not exactly at high noon (a little after 1:00) but I was expecting a much larger crowd.  In fact, for a Thursday I was surprised to see that during our visit, there were more employees than customer.  Eek...hopefully not an omen...but I digress...We were greeted by Daniel, who inquired if we had been to the restaurant (no, we are newbies) and he spent a quick moment highlighting favorites on the menu, how to order and receive food.  A 30 second tutorial and much appreciated (and he complimented my shoes, snap!)So...on to the food:Because I was craving tacos, I dove right into the grilled fish tacos (2 for $9.95), which came with rice and bean options of charro, refried or black...I chose (and usually choose) black....good call.  I got a water, as this was already a pretty pricey lunch, tab came to $10.77 (no tip line included, but I have a feeling with the army of dudes in black, that is built in).  Not a weekly value meal for sure, but it's not out of control expensive.After being seated, we were presented with chips/salsa, which I did my best to limit, but must admit was very good.  Chips were crisp and fresh, salsa was warm (almost hot, temperature) and was of the roasted variety; hard to go wrong with a roasted salsa.The tacos arrived, and then quickly realized what $9.95 will buy!  Two very large flour tortillas (should ask for corn next time, if they have); ample amounts of grilled fish and caramelized onions.  Slices avocado accompanied a very small salad type 'side', along with the rice (had one bit, fine, but I don't usually do the rice) and the awesome black beans.  Highly recommend as an option for anyone that torn between bean selection.  Swank, contemporary interior (browns, tans, zebra wood or zebra wood-like veneer surfaces throughout) made this a very warm and comfortable spot.  Covered patio, plenty of seating.  To my earlier observation, the employees outnumbered the customers...hopefully they had just come off of a wildly successful lunch and/or this was an usually slow day.   Employees looked and acted pleasantly, which can never be assumed!  Great spot, so glad I know have an alternative to my previous favorite Petra (Frisco location closed a few months back).
<review# 1494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2010,9/16/2010,193,459,5,6,4>This is one of the few times I wish there were more stars to vote. Maria is by far one of the best decisions we made for our wedding vendors. Words cannot explain how fun, professional, and creative she was.  She had some great ideas and was open to our ideas as well. Both our goofy and serious pictures turned out great. We get compliments from all our guests about how wonderful our pictures are. Since our wedding pictures will last for a life time, we can't imagine having anyone else as our photographer. We have recommended Maria to everyone we know and will continue support Squaresville Studios as long as they are around!
<review# 1495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,9/15/2010,80,190,8,20,8>A few rave reviews about Ab Moving began popping up around the time that we needed a mover, so I took it as a sign. Actually...not at all. I'm pretty skeptical about these kinds of services. I figure if you can't move it yourself, then you just need a bigger truck. If you can't lift it, quit being a wimp and put a shoulder into it. However, through out the years my wife and I didn't just acquire more stuff but we acquired each others stuff, so there's a lot more stuff to move. Ab Moving's website really gave me all the information I needed on top of the reviews that I read. I never spoke to anyone at Ab Moving before signing up for the move. I completed the on line form of how much stuff needs to be moved. I was contacted by the owner to verify our move and that was it. It turns out, based on the amount of items you're moving, if you're on a ground floor or not and the distance of the move, Ab Moving using a complex mathematical algorithm to calculate your moving cost. It turns out they are priced right, well below what I was expecting. It gets better from here. We were moving from an apartment to a house and it turned out that getting the lender to give us an exact closing date was as fun as sticking you're finger in a light socket. We contacted Ab Moving twice to change our move date at the 11th hour and they completely accommodated our change. On moving day the movers showed up thirty minutes early and were ready to move. The item list was double checked and the estimated cost that we were given was the exact cost they were charging...nothing changed! They will move anything that was not on the list for a few bucks each item. After going through all of our stuff I had to add on a few more things. The price did not change too much and they did not have a problem. The movers...well either they love their job or they just want to get the hell home as fast as possible. We were moved out and moved in in less than four hours! Nothing was scratched or broken. The only down side was that they moved so quickly that we didn't have time to make sure it was all there and when it was time to put the bed together, and the movers were long gone, we realized we did not have bed rails. I called Ab Moving the next day and one of the movers had their son deliver the bed rails that were left on the truck within a couple of hours. Using Ab Moving saved us money and headaches. They took care of everything that was asked. I am no longer skeptical.
<review# 1496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2009,9/14/2010,213,499,9,16,15>Yelpers = smart.  After a failed attempt to get a shelf at IKEA, I was determined not to have paid $6 in tolls for a completely pointless trip to Frisco.  Thank goodness I always have potential places to eat tucked away in the Yelping portion of my brain.  We started out with the bacon wrapped stuffed jalapenos, which were good but I don't know that I would order them again--their bacon is freakin delicious but I just didn't find the jack cheese to be very flavorful.  I would much rather order the GINORMOUS onion rings again.  I like big ol' thick cut onion rings, with a high onion-to-batter ratio, so these were darn near perfect to me.  The batter wasn't bland or too salty, and the onions were deliciously sweet.  I could only eat two after my jalapenos and half-burger.Oh, maybe I should talk about the burgers?  They are good enough to bring me back to Frisco anytime!  What I pretty much hate about Twisted Root is how their burger patties are bland and you have to rely on the (admittedly delicious) toppings they offer in order to have a flavorful burger.  Not the case here.  I would be happy with just a burger patty here and nothing else.  Oh, but why stop there?  We ordered ours (mushroom/brie and pepperjack/guacamole/deliciousbacon) both medium and they were just dripping with what has to be a contender for one of the Top 5 Most Delicious Meat Juices Ever!!!  The meat was seasoned and cooked to perfection.  The toppings really enhanced the burgers.  Especially the brie!  Dr. S wouldn't stop raving about that.Basically, the S's are in love...with Kenny.  We can't wait to try Angry Dog next to compare!!!
<review# 1497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2010,9/13/2010,273,583,12,9,10>Even though this place is a trek, I love it. I can spend an afternoon, easy in the same plaza, let alone just in H Mart. It's clean, bright and organized. Great produce, good seafood selection. This weekend I watched a man fight with the live blue crabs. Those little guys wouldn't let go of each other, I guess they knew what their fate would be. Sad.Since I'm single and don't eat at home as much as I like to, I don't own a rice cooker. (I know some other asians might be shocked at this) but I do purchase those bowls of single serving rice that you heat up in the microwave. This isn't uncle bens, it comes up fluffy and slightly sticky just like my mom scooped it from rice cooker. Anywho, you can find most of the stuff at Komart as well, but the overall better environment at H Mart is what gives this place 5 stars. Also, LOVE the food court here. Pricier than the 6 dollar meals at komart, but way cheaper than a full out korean restaurant. Seating is a little tight, but make some friends and buddy up at the tables. There is always a flat screen with a blaring karaoke machine set up at the front, which is sorta embarrassing. Definitely lets people know of our weird obsession with karaoke...Also, there are tons of typical groceries you can find here as well. My friend enjoys to pick up bottle of Mr. Clean or Pantene ProV and say "Oooh, this is so authentic Korean!!" Hardee- har-har.
<review# 1498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2010,9/12/2010,140,90,7,7,6>Frakking fantastic.  It's a good thing I don't live or work closer to Carmines, 'cause if I did, I'd be in serious need of gastric bypass.  Pizza by the slice is delicious and convenient if you're on the go, just stopping by after a trip to the DMA or wandering around downtown aimlessly (I'm looking at you, tourist mcgee!)  The staff is friendly, the food is cheap but tastes like the word "awesome" would if it was physically manifested in edible form.Is this a great restaurant to haul all 40 members your 3rd grader's soccer/hockey/underwater basket-weaving team for dinner after practice?  No, it's a tiny space in the bottom of an office building downtown, not Chuck E Cheese, duh.  If you want a "NY style" slice in a jif and don't need fancy digs to savor the thin crust glory, hit up Carmines.  It ain't Brooklyn, but it is deep in the heart of Dallas and not a plane ride away.
<review# 1499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2009,9/11/2010,136,202,3,7,5>Boyfriend and I went to Salum last Friday night.  We made an 8:30 reservation (earliest available that wasn't grandma early) on Open Table.  We decided to head over a bit early to get a glass of wine.  Parking was a breeze, as we were able to park in a lot right in front of the place.  Every other car in the lot was a Lexus, BMW, Cadillac, Mercedes.  This place draws a high dollar crowd, apparently.They had a table available for us as soon as we got there, which was nice.  Our table was right next to the open kitchen.  Although some might think this would be uncomfortable, we couldn't feel any of the heat from the kitchen.  It was super fun to watch them prepare all of the dishes, although a bit alarming to see all that butter!  You know a kitchen has to be in tip-top shape if they allow their patrons to watch.We ordered some Tempranillo to start, but due to a miscommunication, we were brought glasses instead of a bottle.  The owner, Abraham,happened to be walking by noticed the confusion on our faces and came right over to fix it.  Wow, we didn't even have to say anything!  Even though we were responsible for the miscommunication, Abraham and our server, Kristin, were very sweet about it and wanted to make us happy.On to the food...  The menu changes often, as they try to incorporate seasonal items.  We weren't super hungry so didn't sample any of the appetizers.  It looked like the mussels were the restaurant favorite from our view of the kitchen.  Boyfriend ordered the rack of lamb and I had the ricotta and pumpkin ravioli with Shrimp.  We both loved our dishes.  My dish had three giant ravioli filled with cheesy pumpkin goodness.  The shrimp were huge and tender (my guess is they were brined before cooking).  The nutmeg cream sauce added an extra rich layer to the dish.  The rack of lamb was beautifully cooked medium rare and decorated with a demiglace.  I enjoyed my taste of the accompanying fresh veggies (long tiny carrots and broccoli rabe) and the savory bread pudding, which tasted like stuffing.Since we skipped the appetizer, we splurged on dessert.  We split the chocolate caramel tart with espresso gelato.  It was sinfully rich and a fabulous end to our meal.We loved our server Kristen.  She was very friendly, but not intrusive.  She happily gave her recommendations upon our request.  She also had a "good person" vibe that's rare in people (hard to explain).The feel of the restaurant is simple, elegant, and clean.  It's a bit loud but that and the kitchen view add a nice energy to the dining room.  We were probably the youngest patrons in the place, but it's a stylish choice for any age.  The experience is pricey, but well worth it.  We will definitely be back on a future special occasion.
<review# 1500,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2010,9/10/2010,511,139,8,7,6>Men -- the women-folk are hiding a great secret with pedicures... well, maybe not so much a "secret" as much as they can tend to keep it to themselves:the soaking in hot water with sea saltsthe massaging of the feetsthe fixin' that "foot - omg what's wrong with you look"the free drinksthe 42" plasma TV just for you the awesome massage chair thumpin your back bottomthis was not what I was expecting when my wife first took me to May's...and it's pretty cool!
<review# 1501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2010,9/9/2010,145,236,22,9,7>SEX.  Now that I have your attention.  I frenched the brisket and pulled pork Po-Boy with a spit of the regular sauce and a spiddle of the jalapeno sauce.  But I'll cheat on it next time with the Frito Pie like my friend had.  Webster's defines okra as a shrub, Abelmoschus esculentus, of the mallow family, bearing beaked pods.  I define it as fried and gone.  Frone.Look to your left, now look your right.  2 of the 3 of you have to get the Garlic and Cheddar Smashed Tatters.  The other 1 will be sad and a disappointment to himself and his family.Mawwige is what bwings us togeva today. And it was my belt buckle that separated afterwards.  So in conclusion, barbeque, okra, belt.  And at the end of the day, it is what it is.
<review# 1502,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2009,9/8/2010,41,61,33,64,20>There are Rules and Procedures for how to shop at Sam Moon. For a sample of what you can expect to find in the store, check out their website at sammoon.com/web3I can't tell you how often I have shared my Sam Moon Shopping System with people, taken them into the store and watched them go absolutely bananas over the inventory. They spend an absurd amount of money. Months later, they will sheepishly tell me that they should have listened to me. And, of course, the way this system was developed is that I did it the other way first. As my old Daddy used to say, hard heads require hard lessons.Rule Number One. If there is no place to park, don't go in. Period.  This rule is a Universal Rule, applicable to anywhere you may ever want to go.  If you can't find a place to put your car down, you just need to accept that the venue is too crowded to tolerate.  With Sam Moons, it is best to go during the week rather than on the weekend.  And, don't even think about going from the middle of November until after the first of the year.Rule Number Two. Only take the money you plan to leave there. $20 to $30 is a good number. Spend much more than that and you will be sorry.Rule Number Three. Don't worry about trying to match something to an outfit. Just look for good design. Good design is timeless. Good design will never go out of style. And, good design from Sam Moon's stops traffic. Trust me on this one.Procedure for Shopping. Again, just humor me and do it my way. You have your money, so lets go.....Decide how much time you are going to invest in looking.Get a basket.If it catches your eye at all, put it in the basket. You aren't making a purchase decision at this point, you aren't trying to decide if it matches your new suit. Your only decision is "do I like it?" and/or "is it good design".At the end of your allotted time, tump out the basket contents on a counter. Pick out the best pieces you can get with the money you decided to spend.Hand the rejects to the cashier (I know it is rude, but you will never be able to put them back).Pay for your purchases.Go home.And, that is my system.....
<review# 1503,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2010,9/7/2010,249,256,9,9,8>Double Rainbow all the way!Watch out for the knife wielding workers there.. not because they are dangerous (ok maybe a little, packed sidewalk + sharp objects = not that great combo) but because FREE samples abound.. but prepared to pay the price.. fruit salad for lunch for the next week because you won't be able to resist buying a case of X that you just sampled.Inspired by one of my favorite places on the planet, the Farmer's market in LA, I realized I had never been to the Dallas Farmer's market.  A couple of weeks ago I met up with a friend from out of town and he had gone to the Farmer's market twice over the weekend he was here and me.. DFW resident for the past 10-15 years have never been..I knew I would need, or want my own bags so .. checkI knew I needed cash.... checkI knew it was gonna be hotter then Icarus's flying ballsack so I dressed accordingly... checkI brought $80 with me which I figured with FREE parking that would be more then enough.  I also mentally prepared myself to pace myself as there is only so many fruits and veggies one can eat before they go bad... yeah.. that didn't work.  My $80 was gone in about an hour or 2 but considering I made out with several huge bags of produce and that $80 included lunch I think I did a decent job.  More trips are needed especially now knowing (from yelp) that going right before they close and possibly try haggling could save me some dough. Some of my finds:-Some of the best Elotes I have ever had makes an excellent shopping snack ( I love fuel city's but these Elotes are much better, freshily cut off the cob) -beautiful tomatoes.. yellow, red all sorts,-A huge Basil plant-Juicy Peaches-Delicious Plums-Cool cucumbers-Fresh tortillas and tamales from the inside pavilion-zucchini (yet to be tasted)
<review# 1504,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2009,9/6/2010,541,525,22,12,15>Remember, this is the mother of the Purple Onion and Wife to Riverside Grill.  Their slogan is "Ain't Nothin' Finer".  I couldn't agree more...I mean this is an alls out, balls out party!  It's good anytime, but if you've had a night that compares to hell....this would be heaven the next morning...just sayin...Scene:Walk in.  Sit. Menu viewing. OH! Saturday Specials....dreams really do come true!   Order. "Why yes, I'll have the chicken and dumplings with fried okra, mac & cheese and mashed potatoes and an order of home made cornbread. Extra large coffee...keep it comin"  Wait in silence, head hurts to much to speak.  Fine by me. Silence is golden.  Scan the scenery...everyone from regulars to wasps.  Breathtakingly random.  Food arrives.  Trumpet horns a blowin, I see angels.  Head explodes from trumpets.  Dig in.  Mmm....Mmmmm...Mmmmm...MORE! MORE! Pay Bill.  Tip. Leave.  Nap.  That was amazing.  How was it for you? *exhale from cigarette* Let's do it again sometime. Closed on Sundays.  Boo
<review# 1505,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,9/5/2010,443,598,12,15,15>Very awesome place to hang out! The management (the bartender that night) was really cool for letting the First Annual Dallas No Pants Dart Ride's festivities continue on through the night. "Festivities continuing" as in most all of us were still in our undies long after our event. I think a bunch of us realized that night we needed to hold more events pantless. If you can take your pants off in public, then you're certainly not shy about stuff. This led people to let even more brazen things to happen that I will not divulge here. They had a nice short selection of beers and a bunch of liquor, but no real food. The only food they had were the snacks in the machines. Food can be delivered in from area restaurants like the little pizza place around the corner. I have no idea what that pizza place is called. I just saw a sign that said "Pizza", that's another review for later. Also, if you're a smoker there's plenty of space out in their backyard to get your fix.
<review# 1506,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2010,9/4/2010,92,346,2,6,4>I stopped in with some friends around 12:30 am on a Friday night/Saturday morning.  After a particularly miserable shift in the ER, finding a place that serves alcohol (beer and wine) without the accompanying headaches of nightmare parking situations and bars jam-packed with prepster douchebags was enough to make me deliriously happy.  Add in some banana pancakes (+ wine = great combo) and excellent service, and I was one happy camper.  One of my friends happened to be celebrating the first few hours of his birthday, and our waiter brought us a massive slice of delicious chocolate cake complete with sliced strawberries and chocolate sauce drooling over the top.  Mmmm.  I left unhealthily stuffed and blissfully happy.A great spot for 24-hour munchies.  Another bonus here is that I think you could wear pretty much anything (I was in scrubs) and not feel under-dressed.  Also, they seem pretty cool about letting people basically take over tables for work (a couple patrons had laptops, and one guy was making leather bracelets all over a table in the corner).  I saw no sign of the long waits or bad service that other people have mentioned in their reviews, but maybe I just went at the right time...?I like this place better than Cafe Brazil for food, service, and general ambiance (it's a 24-hour diner, but it doesn't look completely blah like Cafe Brazil).  So, check it out.
<review# 1507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2010,9/2/2010,384,355,7,12,10>Hand's down one of the best places to take people from out-of-town! I love the ambiance, particularly the lodgey vibe with stuffed animal heads on the wall, an authentic feel unlike a lot of Mexican joints, and the manly cigar bar in the rear room. This place feels like an establishment! From the outside it's hard to get a sense of just how big the restaurant is; once you walk through the massive crowds of people who gather here every weekend you can see how big it is. Where have all these people come from? And more importantly where have they parked their cars? Oh that's right, theirs is probably the Bugatti valeted by the entrance! Don't forget cash for the valet. Due to the mass of Highland Parkers and Preston Hollowers, you may have to wait awhile for a table, but it's really not so bad to have Mexican Martini's or Sangria in the Cigar Bar or sit out on the patio and mock rich people doing their thing. Once seated, the noise can be a bit overwhelming... keep this in mind when deciding where to take your deaf grandma to dinner! The chips and salsa (and butter!) are delicious and the food is outstanding! My favorite dish the Filet Cantinflas (heart attack on a plate) is a thin steak stuffed with white cheese and butter, topped with a reddish-brownish sauce, and an avocado sliver. Good thing Javier's is right next to Katy Trail so I can work that meal off! The meal may be a bit pricey, but I think it's worth every penny!
<review# 1508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,9/1/2010,273,298,4,11,10>I sat in the parking lot for about 2 minutes before walking in deciding if I was going to eat at this place. It was completely empty and its never a good sign when you see the employees just staring out the window waiting for customers. Since this place is new-ish I decided to give it a shot anyways. I was shocked at how nice the place looks inside. We took a seat by the window and had some spring rolls. The spring rolls had a little bit of a bite to them and I really liked that. I always order Pad Kee Mow as a trial for Thai places. My bf always orders Pad Thai. We didn't stray off the usuals in the case of the Coconut Thai Grill. The food was excellent. The lady, which I am assuming owns CTG, waited on our table. Service was excellent. As time went on, the restaurant slowly filled up. I was hoping to try some of their green tea cake but a large, annoying party ended up getting seated next to us. So I decided to jet. Our total bill for 2 teas, an app, and two meals was 27 bucks. Pretty cheap. I used to drive to Asian Mint or Sawadika Thai Zone for my Pad Kee Mow. I am so glad that now I can just go 2 min down the road for an equally delicious Thai meal.
<review# 1509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2010,8/31/2010,148,98,5,6,6>Oh why have I not visited this place of beauty before?! Oh I know, b/c my boss frowns upon me taking afternoon siestas at my desk. So I met the best friend for lunch at Village Burger Bar. We split a Chicken Pesto Panini and a Swiss Burger. Probably could've split one plate and been MORE than fine but as I've been told before, I have two speeds: Indulge and Overindulge. (What can I say I like to live life.) The bread is fantastic, the flavor great and the service super friendly. So here's the lowdown: Order at the counter, grab a number and your drink then wait for your food. I will say this isn't a 30 min lunch place. The food takes a bit to come out but that just means it's not sitting under a heat lamp for hours on end...and I'm completely cool with that.
<review# 1510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2009,8/30/2010,150,120,8,15,11>Wtf is Bacon and Friends?  Breakfast place? Burger Place? MicroPig Store?Well, I found out the answer after I couldnt resist the fantastic name anymore!  To my surprise it is a burger place with shockingly good burgers! Who knew?It took me a minute to decide on my burger, but I finally went with a Buffalo Bacon Burger with pepperjack and fries. The prices startle you at first (infact the guy before me came in, looked at the menu, and then left)- 7.39 for a burger....until you read that this includes fries.  They would have been better off to say "burger- 4.50, fries-2.50" and sell them seperately on the menu....it'd "look" more afforable.  Whatever, I wasn't  here to be cheap, I was here so I could say I've eaten at  a place called "Bacon and Friends"!I was expecting a so-so burger with some chili's-esque buffalo sauce, some wendys-esque bacon and a mcdonalds-esque bun.  What I got was a massive amount of spicy buffalo sauce, huge pieces of THICK crisp bacon, a massive burger patty that was cooked perfectly, and a yummy lightly toasted bun surrounding it all.I reeaaally enjoyed this burger.  The fries were hit/miss and forgetable, and I wouldn't recommend them, but the burger was good enough to make that a non-issue.If you're ever south of 80 in Mesquito I highly recommend visiting this little diamond in the rough.  Tasty, affordable, and if you have kids (or childlike adults) they can decorate a hamburger coloring page that they'll hang on the wall!  Obesity is fun, kids!
<review# 1511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2010,8/29/2010,174,145,8,8,7>3 former coworkers b-days, lunch on the patio... had to pick up cupcakes.  I had a little bit of time, so I drove to society instead of the usual Cupcakery or Sprinkles.  And WOW!   I was thrilled with what I got.  Chocolate, double-chocolate, carrot, spice, coconut, red velvet...all beautiful and delish!  I had the red-velvet, thinking I'd just have a couple of bites.  2 minutes later I had completely devoured it.  Woops!I loved the little bakery, too.  The woman behind the counter was so nice and helpful.  She told me coconut was her fav, so I grabbed one.  My friend ate the whole thing.This may be my fav cupcake place in town.  I'm in.  I drank the coolaid.
<review# 1512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2010,8/28/2010,290,376,5,7,10>A short review (rare for me), just to say.....WOO HOO !!There has been an ownership change recently at the Point and things have greatly improved; for me....they have Buzz Time Trivia back.  As posted in previous reviews, this was (and now is) my go-to place for one of their famous burgers and play Trivia.  I hadn't been there since December of '09, when the previous owners decided to drop my fave past time activity.Stopped by just for a quick bite a few weeks ago after hearing about the ownership change  from another Point location.  And there my game was, in full color on 2 tv's....Countdown Trivia.  I met the new owner who seems to be a really nice young man.  He thanked me for coming back and seems so positive about his business venture.  I've seen him several times since and he is friendly and welcoming to all.  Still the same friendly relaxing laid back atmosphere with all the regulars in attendance.  First timers are also treated with the same level of great service and attention.Most of the previous staff from over a year ago are gone, except for Rachael, the lovely Manager (even after being absent for a year, she recognized me when I walked in and had a glass of Merlot on my table as I sat down), and Roxie, who only works weekends.  New servers Jamie and Ashley are delightful also!I note many reviewers complain about the smokiness of the place; on recent visits it appears ventilation is much improved.  They also post "nonsmoking section is available" which is something different since I have returned. ** NOTE ** - $2 burgers with fries on Monday's after 1600.  What a deal for a juicy yummy dinner, with $2 drafts and $3.75 wine. Also, complimentary snacks during HH varying each night; tacos, chicken fingers,egg rolls, etc.  One day last week, a "dinner" snack was served; spaghetti & meat sauce with salad (serve yourself).  Not too shabby for a freebie. Oh, also lunch specials daily Mon-Fri.My oh my, didn't turn out to be a short review after all.  Just can't seem to help myself with too much good info to impart.Addison Point, so happy to have you back in my weekly rotation!
<review# 1513,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2010,8/27/2010,220,444,5,5,8>I was surprised to find a place with live music in this 'hood and if they have more people here, I would come more often.  I have been there 3-4 times so far and it's been really empty that I felt like a loser staying in their and enjoying live music.  Anyway, I still like it and if you are a big fan of live music, you should check it out.  And bartenders were really friendly and cute :D
<review# 1514,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/7/2010,8/26/2010,226,292,6,10,9>The awesome meal we had was marred by the shaky and somewhat strange service. At my sister's suggestions, we went to Thai Chili for my birthday dinner this past week. There were nine of us eating that night which is where the confusion apparently started.The gf and I arrived before everyone else and we say a table for eight wedged between two wooden supports (thus eliminating anyone being able to sit at the table heads. The waiter let us know that one person would have to sit at a table on the other side of one of the wooden supports. When I asked why we couldn't sit at the long set of empty tables in the back of the restaurant, he just mumbled something and shook his head no. Luckily we were able to get a little creative with the tables and an open booth and before everyone arrived we had the seating figured out.We ordered a couple appetizers to start, the basil rolls (at Laura R's suggestion) and the bags of gold. The basil rolls were essentially spring rolls with basil instead of cilantro. . .super super tasty. The bags of gold were an open top dumpling with roasted garlic on top. The apps were served with a nice, almost Hoisin-like sauce and a sweet chili sauce. We made sure both were left on the table to be used with our main courses.I ended up ordering the basil chicken and brown rice. I ordered it as a Level 5 out of 6 on their spice scale. The meal could have been hotter, but it had a tolerable burn that didn't overshadow the flavor. The chicken was seasoned well and had the nice subtle flavor you get from Thai Basil (if you aren't tasting this at Thai restaurants, they're using the wrong basil. . .probably sweet basil). It was a bit heavy on the oil for my liking, but not enough to prevent me from cleaning my plate.The only other dish I tried was the gf's seafood salad. She ordered hers at medium heat (3 of 6) but her food was MUCH hotter than mine. It was too much for her to handle, so I sacrificed my taste buds to help finish her meal as well :) The shrimp and squid were cooked very well as were the mussels. The scallop tasted like it had been frozen. . .very rubbery and dry.The rest of the party finished all their meals and we left an extremely satisfied group. The service throughout the meal was shaky, but not bad enough to prevent me from coming back. I can see this becoming a regular spot in the summer when we can enjoy the patio and some cocktails.
<review# 1515,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2010,8/25/2010,125,194,26,15,14>DISCLAIMER: This is the diviest dive I have been to yet. It is on the corner of Carjack and Hold up, but is FANTASMAGORIC!!!!! This place is nestled in a small white building off of Davis, just about 3 miles west of Bishop Arts. Blink and you will miss it as there are no big signs announcing its presence. We pulled in, held our breath and prepared for the worst. We had no idea the mecca of delight that we were about to embark on. It is very dark, small, very small, there is a pool table and shuffle board and 2 dart boards. A man with dreads and a woman calling herself DJ Sistalove took turns spinning the beats. We read there was karaoke, but I think that is Saturday nights only. My friend ordered a vodka and 7...$3...strong pour. I had a glass of their house Cabernet ( Woodbridge). They presented me with a GIANT goblet (fit for the Princess I am) filled to the brim...$4. I think I'm in love. The decor is the most random assortment of crap I have ever seen, and I am pretty sure there was a parachute on the ceiling to cover up whatever black mold is growing there currently. At one point DJ Sistalove started spinning a version of "Eleanore" by the Turtles. I about fainted. Trade winds, gee, I think you're swell, and you really do me well, you're my pride and joy et cetera....Sidenote- if you even get this Turtles reference, you may be my soulmate.
<review# 1516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2010,8/24/2010,462,279,14,19,19>Goodbye Casa View, hello Lochwood!  After holding my breath for a couple of years, my hood finally has a new library branch.  And let me tell you something, it was so worth the wait!The exterior is modern and funky with eco-friendly xeriscape landscaping and a huge (ha-yuge!) parking lot.  The interior is absolutely gorgeous.  It's bright, warm, friendly, and inviting, everything the old branch wasn't.  They even saved part of the old YMCA building and worked it into the new design.  Thrifty!I still absolutely love having the ability to set up an online queue and have a nonstop reading list at my disposal.  No more driving all over Dallas, hitting whatever branch happens to have the book I want.  And the only way the pickup could be easier is if someone delivered the books to my house.  You go to the bookshelf that holds all the requests and grab your books, then you either check out at the front desk or...wait for it...you use one of the two self-check kiosks!  I can be in and out in less than 2 minutes.  (TWHS!)There are meeting rooms, quiet study rooms, and I hear there's a theater even though I haven't seen it myself.  There are at least 20 computers and a ton of desks and chairs scattered throughout the entire building.  There are also numerous electrical outlets if you need to plug in a laptop.The after-hours book drop was a little hard to find at first, but I finally figured out it's on the back side of the building (facing Marchant Circle).  You can now drop books off without even getting out of your car.I've always been a huge supporter of libraries and I couldn't be happier with how my tax dollars were spent on this branch.
<review# 1517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2010,8/23/2010,87,31,11,25,11>I'm planning on reviewing my downtown haunts but before I do so I figured I'd review the place I know and love that makes me a proud downtown resident - The Kirby. I've been living here since October and I spent quite a while looking for the ideal downtown abode. I visited all the buildings downtown and I must say I really picked the perfect place when I decided on the Kirby.  No wading through dark alleys or stepping over homeless here. Located right on Main and Akard The Kirby is really one of the best positioned buildings downtown.  I'm able to walk my puppy in Pegasus Plaza right across the street.The building was built in the early 1900's and unlike most of the so called "lofts" in downtown the Kirby is what I would consider a true loft residence.  Exposed brick walls, real plaster, original wood moldings, concrete floors, and original hardwoods really make this place one of the coolest buildings.  And they let you paint!  Oh boy you know that got my inner and outer gay going!  It was like an episode of Trading Spaces when I moved in.The staff here is totally awesome and they really care about the residents in the building. The best thing about it is there is a real sense of community here and the staff organizes events where residents can mingle and meet each other. Another thing I like personally as a professional young single guy is the residents are much the same. The building isn't full of kids or frat guys doing keg stands in the hall, which is a major plus for me.  Another tall tale sign residents love this building is most have been here a while and usually just move to other larger units as the years (yes years) go by.My utility bills are also much lower than at any other building I've lived but I don't sacrifice on windows because my exterior walls are nothing but giant windows. Also, the rent is some of the lowest in comparison to some of the other buildings and on top of that you get tons of value So far everyone I've had over really loves the place and I can't imagine living anywhere else right now.   If you're looking for a true loft experience and somewhere to make your own show place I can't recommend the Kirby enough.  Easy 5 stars and I can breath easy know I won't want to move for years to come.
<review# 1518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2010,8/22/2010,241,251,7,9,11>Can a donut with jalapenos and Tabasco really taste good? No-it can taste freakin' awesome!! These are some seriously bad-ass donuts. I brought these home to my family and got rave reviews from everyone-"These are hypnotic", "best donuts ever", "I'm under their spell", and "ga ga mmmm phtt"( give me a break-he's only 1). Favorites were the aforementioned jalapeno and Tabasco apple fritter , and the maple and bacon. The store front is actually a pizza place and tucked away in the corner-but easy enough to find. Be prepared for a wait-they don't make the donuts until they are ordered. James, however, is so personable you won't mind a little visit. This guy is really passionate about this venture and his enthusiasm is contagious. This has now become a definite go to destination. Between the greatness of the product and having never been served by a more genuinely happy group of people I know it will be worth the trek every time I get a donut craving on the weekend. Yes, I admit- I have been hypnotized!
<review# 1519,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,8/21/2010,281,210,6,11,10>Mmmm Mmmm Good.My mom, step-dad and I came here Friday night for his 54th birthday dinner! What a good idea because....1. Excellent Service: Since they were out of the blood-orange margarita our waiter recommended to us, he gave us 2 drinks on the house! 2. Custom-made menu items: I told our server I was a vegetarian who didn't like mushroom, and he told the chef, and the chef custom-made me a plate of vegetarian delights: a ricotta-stuffed mini pumpkin (SOOO cute), fried okra delights, and sliced tomatoes that was brought out with a little cup of salt that the chef brought back from India- HELLO personal attention. I loved it!3. Ambiance: Really sexy, romantic, relaxed, and awesome4. Cute servers: Really tasty. 5. Delicious Half and Half Dessert: Half peach pie, half gooey dark chocolate brownie with ice cream in the middle. OMGGGGG6. They didn't rush us at all7. They had really fun African music in the bathroom, so I danced in there for a few minutes! YAY
<review# 1520,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2010,8/20/2010,193,345,12,16,15>YUM!! Loved it.  Yesterday, a coworker brought a hot dog to work for lunch (I know, so random, right?) All day I was thinking about a great hot dog....and then on the way home, I remembered a friend and former Chicagoan telling me about Eddie's.  I had looked for it before, but missed it.  This time, I would be successful. PROSGREAT DOG!!! I had a polish dog with kraut and grilled onions, OH MY*Cheap - under $5*In and Out - walk to the counter, order, get your dog, walk out*Made to Order - so depending on the line, in and out may be give or takeCONS*Easy to miss, not ideal location - I don't think many folks in this area are craving Chicago Dogs...he should be downtown or in Addison *No Seating - grab it and go, or eat at one of the patio tables*Eddie is a little off his rocker, and not too helpful - but it's hot dogs, not rocket science, so that's ok by meOverall I think this is BY FAR the best Dog you're gonna get in Dallas.  I love the theory of Wild About Harry's but really it's like a movie theatre hot dog, really the frozen custard is where it's at!I think Eddie needs to promote his place to his target demographic.  I suggested to him to contact the local Chicago Bears/Blackhawks/Cubs etc fan clubs and offer to cater some events.    Maybe someone on yelp will make that connection for him...until then, I will have to stop in and give him a little business every now and then. (TWSS)
<review# 1521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2010,8/19/2010,569,258,7,14,11>I found this place after they moved to there new location on Harry Hines close to the Hole in the Wall burger joint.  This store carries lots of soccer gear that you will not in other chain stores.  They have a large selection of authentic and replica jerseys from around the world.  They also have great deals on team uniforms.  I have used them to purchase my soccer team jerseys and we were able to buy exactly what we wanted with numbers and team logo for under $30 per person in about a week.  I have been able to find multiple styles of shoes that you would normally not find anywhere else I have at least looked.  This store is always willing to give you a great deal either team prices or those last pair of shoes I just had to have.  I have been able to buy lots of gifts for family and friends who are either new to soccer or have loved it for years.  I love the fact that I can find them a great jersey from the other side of the world and they can't stop getting questions about where they found this jersey at.  I will remain a fan of this location and hope that I can send more people there that can find out exactly what I am talking about.
<review# 1522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2010,8/18/2010,41,26,8,12,10>Okay, okay... I know I've already sung (?) sang (?) singed (?)  ;)  the praises of the joy and wonder that is Lee-m'f'ing-Harvey's. I know it's awesome. You know it's awesome... there is no question. Big, fat DUH.SO! This review is for a little somethin' called FLEA Harvey's.Have you heard about this?? I think the fine folks over at LH's started this amazing drinking/eating/shopping extravaganza 3 or 4 months ago. On the first Saturday of every month, from 10ish until 5ish - vendors flock to the yard and set up their tables o' goods! You'll find everything from vintage typewriters, creepy old toys, books, eclectic art, typical flea-market-y type kitsch, collectibles AND beautiful handmade jewelry from local Etsy artisans.What better way to start your Saturday than to peruse unique trash, treasures and handmade delights while enjoying a Bloody Mary (or three) and delicious breakfast taco (or three)?!Oh Lee Harvey's... when will you stop being so m'f'-ing cool!?
<review# 1523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2009,8/16/2010,147,117,11,15,8>Well, i completely understand why i am the first to review this little joint.  It's tucked away, back in a little strip mall, where most everything else in there has gone down the tube.  But i think Rancho has a chance to make, just on their grub alone.  Hope this spreads the word a little bit.Rancho is not really your tex mex style, it is less flashy and dressed up, and a little bit smoother, rather than spicy and flavored to death.  First off, they bring you hot sauce and what looked like a creamy tomatillo sauce for chip diving, both very good.  The lunch specials are listed like this 1. UNO(almost got it, just cause i felt obligated) 2. Dos 3. Insert funny....Anyway, i got the 14.  And i could prounounce it in Spanish(thanks Bono).  Two cheese soft tacos, topped with chili con queso.  The tortillas were orange, soft, and had the best flavor of just a tortilla that i have ever had.  The creamy sauce on top was perfect, and it wasn't as greasy as most others of it's kind.  The refried beans had a good flavor and the rice was soft, not much to it, but i liked that.Great quick service and a neat little place too.  Im just sayin, with a better spot.....move over El Fenix
<review# 1524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2009,8/15/2010,213,158,11,14,12>Breakfast. Brunch. Leigh Likey. Leigh Likey A LOT! So on this Saturday morning when My lovely boyfriend tells me he's taking me someplace NEW for breakfast, I have to revisit the calendar in my brain and wonder...."Is it Christmas already?????"I've heard the many tales about this place...and it's bountiful beer biscuits...and as we pulled in, I knew this was a place I would soon frequent. I'm a dive junkie....and this wooden shack with the big front patio, tables and chairs from no later than 1983, and the HUGE banner on the front of the building advertising their "Buy One Chicken Fried Steak, get the second for $1".....fit right into my dive requirements. The place was packed, yet we waited hardly two minutes before being led to our little 2 top table. The waitress was on point the whole time...and the people watching was PRICELESS!!!Now...on to the food. Dear lord, Lance and I ate for 3 days off the bounty we ordered. I got the Barbecs Special...with a side of hashbrowns, 2 biscuits and an order of grits....and of course coffee. The coffee was hot and rarely got low in my glass.....that's really all you can ask for with a cup 'o joe. THe Barbecs special was a flavor coma on a plate!!! Ground beef, cheese, with sauteed bell peppers and onions.....lay all that on a bed of hashbrown mashed potatoes....add some sour cream and put two eggs how you like them next to it.....an dyou have a breakfast for a king, my friends. I don't think I spoke for the next 10 minutes because I was too busy shoveling this creation into my mouth. You have a choice of biscuits, tortillas or pancakes....and even though i chose the biscuits, you can tell that this would also be good in tortillas. Lance got something very similar minus the peppers and with he egg scrambled in with the creation...he also got a side of hashbrowns, biscuits and a side of gravy. He wasnt as blown away with his as he was with mine...so I shared....and dove into my biscuits! Oh man...these things live up to the hype....they are awesome with butter and jelly, and hold onto gravy like they know it's the meaning of their existence. Grits weren't all they great, but oh well..i still have hashbrowns too!!!! Hashbrowns are perfect...crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside...add ketchup and enjoy!The food came out in record time.....our little two top table was so covered, we practically had to set our coffee on the window seal...we took 80% of it home with us and enjoyed for the next two days (Lance said his order was a lot better the next day, btw)....all for a very reasonable price :) I cant wait to take my family here next time they come visit!One word of caution.......it's CASH ONLY!!!!! Once again, we found ourselves leaving me at the bar whilst Lancer went and grabbed cash...it must happen often though, they new of the nearest cash ATM and didnt bat an eye at waiting on us to go grab it....thanks guys, a full belly and happy heart you guys served up like a pro. I'll......be.....back.....
<review# 1525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,8/14/2010,160,285,10,7,8>This place is pretty radical.  My first time coming here, I didn't know what to get, so they just whipped up a concoction for me.  I believe it was black tea with all the jellies and a mixture of fruits.I have not turned back from that drink since.  I don't even know what it's called, I just ask Carmen or Jon to make my regular, and KABOOM!, there it is.Someday, I may find out what I get, but I knows for damn sure it's good, it's friendly, and it made me wet my pants...TWICE!
<review# 1526,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2010,8/13/2010,258,201,8,9,7>I almost smacked myself straight in the face when I realized I hadn't reviewed the Grapevine. I literally tell everyone I know about this place. WTF, self? Word of mouth all over the place and no Yelp-o-riffic love? Tsk tsk. This place is a little bittersweet for me because it used to be me and my BFF's spot for happy hour after an excruciating workday. Or a celebration spot for a great workday. Or a "we're bored, let's go to the Grapevine" kind of day. Needless to say, we went there a lot. Sadly, he up and left me to move to stupid California and I was left here with my favorite after-work spot and no after-work BFF to share it with *sigh*.Fortunately my personal problems have no effect on the fabulousness of this place! The drinks are super stiff--I would go out on a limb and say nearly as stiff as the Loon. And that's saying something. I would recommend getting liquor or frozen drinks...they have beer, but this just isn't really a beer and wine kinda place. I think out of the billion times I've been here we've sat inside once or twice, and that's only because it was raining. The patio is adorable, they have twinkle lights everywhere and a bunch of fab-tastic singalong tunes coming from the jukebox. The bartenders ROCK. The happy hour special is $2 EVERYTHING (i think martinis might be $3) until 7pm, every day of the week. On Monday/Tues, it only goes up to $3 after. I would keep going but if I keep gushing about how great it is you'll go there and I won't be able to find a seat. So I'm going to shut my mouth and only reopen it for a delicious everclear Bellini.
<review# 1527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,8/12/2010,236,423,3,8,6>I was counting on all previous yelp reviewers to be correct in your raving reviews of Jeng Chi, and of course you came through for me. This is a pretty basic strip mall restaurant. It's not impressive in decor or service, but you come for the food. I followed recommendations and ordered the pork and scallion dumplings and the green onion pancake, and they were both totally fantastic. In fact, my husband ordered his own adventurous items and is now convinced to copy my order next time we come. I guess cold salted duck doesn't quite measure up to a crunchy and savory fried green onion pancake? Love it.
<review# 1528,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/2/2010,8/11/2010,232,63,4,8,8>We stopped by Four Lounge for some drinks after a nice group dinner with about 15 people. First of all this place is pretty small, it can probably only hold about 30 people total and that may be pushing it so when we rolled up in there we basically took over the place and displaced  a few couples that were already there, oh well.  The atmosphere is cool, dark with lots of mirrors, plush padded couches and little tables. This is what I would call a cocktail lounge in that they make a variety of special cocktails and martinis from custom made mixes that they have sitting up on the bar. It is pretty fun to go through and read all of the different kind of drinks they make but overall I was disappointed in the final product. I ordered a saketini for myself and a blueberry martini for my date and neither was very good in my opinion. The saketini was filled with crushed ice and mint, why this is I will never know, but if you can imagine trying to drink that out of a martini glass you basically end up chewing ice and mint leaves. The blueberry martini was just way too sweet, even a hummingbird in need of a fix would have questioned the sugar content of this cocktail. And considering that these things cost $12 a piece they should be damned good because I can get a much better saketini for around $8 or go to Central Market and buy about two full bottles of the sake they use to make it.  I did however enjoy the glass of Macallan 12 that I ordered next, but that comes premade.Overall the place is alright, it is probably best for a date or maybe a group of 4-6, and just hope that a group of 15 doesn't come in and take over. The atmosphere is great but the drinks we had were lacking, but considering that we only had a few different ones maybe some of them are really good. I might be interested in going back sometime on a date just to relax and try some other cocktails.
<review# 1529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2010,8/10/2010,255,323,9,18,12>Supafresh.Supacrowded.Supastah.Excellent buffet.  Everything was fresh, hot, and tasty.  The tabbouleh was excellent.  Fantastic baba ghanoush. Pile it all on some mediocre pita (but not egregious enough to warrant a star deduction) and chow down.Ali Baba would get 5 stars even if the rest of the food sucked just based on the roasted cauliflower.  It's that good.You can't beat the price either--$10.83 for all you can eat, baby.
<review# 1530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2010,8/9/2010,172,285,9,9,8>On a Saturday, a lonely girl, tired from work (on a SATURDAY) and feeling homesick for California (and the abundance of delicious Asian food there), decided to stop by one of the few Chinese plazas in the Dallas area before an exciting afternoon at the car dealer. Since she was by herself, she didn't feel like eating at a sit down restaurant, and decided to pop into May's Ice Cream after realizing it was more than just ice cream. It was pretty crowded (which she usually uses as a gauge to determine how good a restaurant is), and after she looked over the extensive menu of Taiwanese food, using her limited knowledge of Chinese to find some familiar items, the girl decided to go with her old standby of beef noodle soup and ordered at the cash only counter.After sitting back down, she observed the patrons around her and realized that there was free warm soy milk and soup. Warm soy milk!Although the cleanliness of the utensils was questionable (as is the cleanliness at many Asian restaurants), the girl's initial disgust was mollified by the delicious, warm soy milk. Finally, they called out her order, and the girl carried the humongous bowl of noodles for only $5.50 carefully back to her table.The meat was the tenderest meat she had tasted (practically melt in your mouth), the soup just the right amount of saltiness, and there was even a good amount of bok choy in there to satisfy the health-conscious side of her brain. Rejuvenated and satisfied from the hefty portion of beef noodle soup, the girl was ready to face the rest of the exciting Saturday afternoon, already planning to come back next time for the pork chop and rice plate she observed many others enjoying.
<review# 1531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,8/8/2010,139,83,3,5,6>I've been to Dream Cafe many times for brunch.  I've found the food to be pretty good, the service to be decent and the atmosphere to be 1000x better since the construction on the apartments next door finished.  But on my last visit, I discovered a new favorite -- not just among the Dream Cafe menu, but all among all brunch menus in Dallas.  Tucked unassumingly in the "Griddle" section among the more traditional morning fares of waffle and french toast is the Monte Cristo.  If you're like me (you are), you instantly think of Bennigan's, since that is probably the first (and last) place you ever had a Monte Cristo sandwich.  The Bennigan's version is like a club sandwich between two donuts that has been dunked in a deep fryer, and while the Homer Simpson inside of all of us rolls his eyes deep into the back of his head and drools while gargling, it's just not the sort of thing anyone with any sense over the age of 10 should order.  Fortunately, Dream Cafe does not deep fry their sandwiches.  Haha... reading that last line back made me laugh.The sandwich is more like a turkey, ham and swiss melt between two pieces of powdered French toast.  The French toast was THICK and eggy and made me feel foolish for somehow thinking that by not deep frying the sandwich, I was somehow eating something that was light and healthy.   It was also really, really good.  I think my wife and I have a new favorite for brunch.  She ordered the open-faced tuna melt, which was served with pico de gallo, avacado and swiss cheese.  It had a very attractive presentation and tasted refreshing.  Meanwhile, we all slurped down a variety of freshly squeezed juices that complimented our meals nicely.  I've been to Dream Cafe lots of times, but haven't ever had a definitive experience there.  All it took was a  little leap of faith on a menu item I'd otherwise never order, and now I'm hooked.  Good service and no wait on a Saturday morning, too!  4 stars!
<review# 1532,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/20/2010,8/7/2010,610,180,5,8,6>The restaurant is literally right around the corner from the bf and I but we just never had the desire to go...  I do admit I'm not a huge fan of Italian food.. not because I hate Italian food but because I LOVE carbs but I have to stay away from them.  The bf and I had a $25 gift certificate that would expire in a month so we had to use it.We walked in and there was only one other table there.  The place is located in a strip center where you don't expect outstanding Italian food.  It's small and quaint with the right amount of lighting.  We started with the sampler trio which comes with bruschetta, calamari, and mozzarella sticks.  It came with warm marinara sauce which tasted very fresh!  It wasn't too runny and had the right amount of thickness.  I do have to admit the calamari had too much batter on it... but still good.  We finished it!I had Mama's Ravioli (ravioli is one of my faves!) which is filled with spinach and ricotta cheese.  Yum!  The pasta was cooked just right and the tomato sauce was just right.  The bf was impressed and had several helpings of my dish!  He got the chicken parmigiana and that was average but good.  We finished off with some tiramisu which is one of my favorite desserts.  I was pretty impressed!  It was light and fluffy.  Overall, the food is average - didn't blow my mind but it was good.  Everything did taste fresh which means it was probably from scrap.. I hope!There was another table with 2 men conversing in Italian.  I asked our waiter if one of them was the owner and he told me it was his dad!  This place is family owned by an actual Italian family!  How cool!! He did explain to me how they changed their name to Cafe Bene Bene and took out the Ristorante part to make the restaurant more casual due to the economy.  They simplified their menu and added pizzas.  It sounds like they're doing everything they can to survive.  I'm glad to support a local joint!  You should too!
<review# 1533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2010,8/6/2010,205,232,5,5,5>Original. Organic. Oceanic..... cute huh??  I didn't think of that myself, it's on their website!Anywho, I imagine this is the only organic italian place in Dallas, and I do love the coastal theme in the place.  You can't miss it from the outside, it has the blue and white patio furninture which draws everyone in.  I really like how the waiting area is set up also with all the couches so you can hang out before you get seated.Food... yes there is free food night, and what a great deal right?  But the menu is very minimal.  I wouldn't base my order on just what's free.  I would try that menu, but I would also order other things, especially the Branzino, it's their sea bass.  Oh my, it's great!  Our waitress recommended it to me at first, but now I recommend it to everyone else.  I had the Villa-O pizza also, I would get it even as an appetizer before all the food comes with your party. I will definitely come back, especially on a date.  It can be romantic, and not too fu-fu (sp?  I've written a few things today that I have never written before in my entire life).  Anyway, very cute place.
<review# 1534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2009,8/5/2010,322,339,11,14,12>Opa - This festival is all about Greek food, and Greek food is spectacular. There are not too many authentic Greek food options in Dallas, and the brilliance of the Greek Food Festival is that you can sample a lot of different dishes.  As far as the food I sampled at the Greek Fest, it was all authentic and tasty. I recommend taking a friend that you can split everything with. This way, you can sample more food and not get filled up on one item. Upon entering, you can pay a $15 fee, which is actually for a combination dinner plate. You are given a ticket (don't loose it) which you take into one of the big white tents and trade for a huge container of food. This year the combo plate was Chicken, meatballs, two pastries (one spinach and one cheese) pita bread and a Greek Salad. My biggest complaint about the combo plate was the salad. Proper Greek salad does not have lettuce in it. Shame on you, Greek Food Festival. Maybe it is too expensive to fork over the greenbacks to make a proper Greek Salad, (which is all tomatoes, cucumber, olives, feta cheese, green peppers, red onions) but calling that thing a Greek Salad is insulting to the real deal. The meatballs and the cheese pastrey were delicious, although the chicken was a bit dry. However, considering they were cooking for a festival of people, I'll cut them some slack on the chicken. We also tried the baklava sundae, and it was divine. Indeed the food of the gods. There was also music and dancing at the festival, which was fun to watch and listen to. There weren't too many vendors there besides food vendors, and that is a shame. It was also really crowded in the area where they did have the nonfood vendors, so I didn't buy anything as I couldn't get close enough to stuff to actually touch it. My biggest problem with the festival is with the Church that hosts the event, and the churches' need to erect a huge billboard on the festival grounds denouncing Greek Mythology.  The billboard dismisses Greek Mythology as having been dreamed up by "poets" and "artists", and I felt this was counterproductive, unnecessary, and arbitrary.We are at the Greek Food Festival to celebrate all things Greek - including mythology and the Greek Orthodox Church. The festival should encourage research and discussion of all things Greek.Other than that getting my toga in a bunch, the festival was quite enjoyable.  We parked in the designated lot and rode the shuttle to the festival. This was a great idea. The shuttles were quick, and saved us from walking in or valeting. Whoever dreamed up valet parking was a genies pirate, because valet parking is essentially theft. Aside from that, valet parking at a festival is ludicrous. The next thing I'll find out is that they valet park at the State Fair. Let me valet park so I can get my deep fried food and Coors Light please and walk amongst the common folk for a spell.
<review# 1535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,8/4/2010,207,393,36,12,16>I *so* wanted to hate this place, really I did. I only have so much room in my Burrito/Taco Rotation: Chipotle, Freebirds, and Fuzzy's are demanding mistresses and adding one more to my faux-Mexican harem could lead to a colonic disaster. Another reason I had the poison pen ready and waiting was because I initially went when they were closed . . . on two occasions. Once, I went right after 2pm after they had closed for lunch and I admitted, "Ok, my fault, I should've look 'em up first." But there were men inside still eating, looking at me though the window, mocking me. They were Manly Men having their way with their burrito - in public! - and seeing these men satisfying their urges with reckless affection filled me with jealousy. I regrouped and devised a better plan, which was to go on a Sunday morning when I knew I could get Taco Joint's undivided attention. Which is when they are closed. Again. Like Bush said, "fool me once, shame on -- [pauses] - shame on you. Fool me -- You can't get fooled again." I vowed then that Taco Joint would never again have the satisfaction of rejecting me! No more texts for her to ignore. No more un-returned phone calls. But like a part-time lover that is so good at That One Thing you're too embarrassed to ask anyone else to do, I went back again. I swallowed my sinful pride and opened myself up emotionally, but this time I made it in the door . . . only to stand in the slowest line ever.  I mean, c'mon, you're shoveling freakin' eggs into tortillas. Pick it up. I'm not 18 anymore and can't last that long. Help me out a little bit.  So as I was standing in line I was taking mental note of how many things I was going to have to find fault with my assuredly one-night taco stand. First, the hours are a joke. Breakfast and an occasional lunch only? And closed Sunday? No, I need my tacos at my beck and booty call. And like trying to unclip your first bra with one hand, the foreplay is soooo tedious and awkward. I waited longer than it took me to eat, so like losing your virginity to the Prom Queen on Homecoming, I just knew the bang-to-hype ratio was way over-rated. Also, it's not a dive even though it (and/or its patrons) want you to believe so. You lose all dive credibility when every other car is a Mercedes, Caddy SUV, or Lexus (there was even a Maserati). And no beer? I know it's mostly breakfast and lunch, but I do enjoy and good beer buzz early in the morning. Finally, I was certain they only received good reviews because they have a very low bar to hurdle in that gastronomic hell hole - there's simply no competition down there amongst gas stations and liquor stores. After I finally got my burrito (Five Alarm, if it matters) and jalapeno ranch (yes, Ranch goes with eggs), I dived in expecting an extra serving of "Meh." Dammit! My entire review that I had already written was thrown into the mental wastebasket and I had to start over! The chorizo was spicy and smoky, but not oozing orange grease. The tortilla tasted homemade. And yes, Colin B., the jalapeno Ranch is that amazing. Like a good strip tease, once I got a taste of what's to come, I knew I needed more, all the time, right now. I immediately got back up and made a bee-line to the self-serve Ranch tap. I grabbed a few little cups and I'm embarrassed to admit this, but I did jalapeno Ranch as shots as I huddled in the corner like Gollum. ("My precious Ranch.") And people were watching! But I didn't care. Some gave me the Knowing Nod. Others looked to me as an inspiration. I'm not proud of what I did, but like hooking up with the quiet fat girl, the exterior belies how good Taco Joint it really is. It's impressive how hard she'll try to satisfy your hedonistic gastronomic urges. I'd do it again. That s*it is good.  Taco Joint is like a good lover whom you only get to enjoy occasionally, one who teases you with limited availability, making you wait among her literal stable of suitors, thus reminding you that you need her more than she needs you. You can easily be replaced. So while you wait you may think, "There are other lovers I could have, ones I don't have to chase. Someone who appreciates me!" You may start to resent Taco Joint for how you put up with her shenanigans, but you know deep inside that you want to be there and that you will come back for more. Eventually, when you're desperate, which will happen. It makes you feel dirty. But then your burrito pimp calls your name and you get to feel the soft, suppleness in your mouth, all shame is gone and you live in the moment, not knowing when the next will come.
<review# 1536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2010,8/3/2010,895,667,8,13,11>I heart this place!!  The first time I stopped in was after the Irish Festival.  My friend and I sat at the bar and ordered the Hawaiian pizza.  It was one of the best pizzas I've ever eaten.  It had mozzarella, provolone, grilled Hawaiian steak, macadamia nuts, pineapple, Kona coffee.  It was so effin good.  All the ingredients complimented each other so well.  The pizza did take a while to come out, but they are made to order and I have no problems with that.  The second time I came in was this past Sunday.  We found out you can order a few of the pizza's by the slice (pepperoni, sausage, cheese, etc).  I ordered a slice of pepperoni.  It was about the size of half a pizza.  So big.  So good.  They use fresh ingredients and I want to say they are all local, but I'm not 100% on that.  At any rate everything tastes fresh!  They have a fairly extensive beer selection too.On Sunday they were a little dead and before we left the owner brought us all out a free mimosa.  I love mimosa's, and I love free!!  Two big thumbs up for this place.  The pizza is great and the loungy vibe really works.  I can't wait to come back and try other things on the menu!PS - I think the owner told me they deliver or did I drunkly dream that?
<review# 1537,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2010,8/2/2010,220,341,6,9,8>This is an AWESOME gift shop! It is located a few doors down from St. Martin's Wine Bistro on Greenville. Sugar Bear and I enjoy wandering around in this store after a lovely brunch. Ole Moon has some gorgeous, carefully chosen, and interesting gift items. They are higher end and quite eclectic. We discovered Fimo Creations here (fimocreations.com) and they are dazzling...especially when you do some research about how they are made.  We have several pieces of Fimo art (the snake and horned toad).This store also has a spectacular card collection. I never leave here without buying several months worth of cards for all occasions. It is my favorite card shop and a hidden secret (or it was until now) for cards that can't just be found anywhere. I also like the jewelry selection. It is pricey, but quite beautiful. I like to browse and get ideas for later (and cheaper). Inspiration is always good though! This is a wonderful little store, so check it out after you have brunch on Greenville! You will find lots of interesting things! Even though it is expensive, its always fun to look!
<review# 1538,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,8/1/2010,48,87,4,5,5>I've been to this place a few times, but only at the bar. Not yet have I been able to indulge myself in their gourmet southern menu. I can smell the goodness on each visit, especially with an open kitchen in the middle of the restaurant. I can see Chef Blythe Beck standing there waiting to inspect each and every dish that comes up before sending them out to the tables. It's a well oiled machine.The entire restaurant is casually modern and comfortable including the bar area. Everything about this place is classy, stainless steel mixed with rich mahogany wood. Outside there is sturdy contemporary wicker couches and chaises with thick cushions grouped about the place designed around a cozy fireplace creating a romantic setting.The bar staff is very friendly and prompt even when getting their asses handed to them, which was the case on All Star weekend. The place was packed with thirty thousand dollar millionaires in starched shirts with sport jackets and high paid escorts, oops I meant classy socialites. I'll be sure to partake in their impressive cocktail menu on my next visit. Overall this is a great place to chit chat and have drinks without 30 TV's plastered all around you.
<review# 1539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2010,7/31/2010,191,168,5,11,10>I can't believe I've had a standing appointment a block from this place and didn't find out about it until today - when my appointment will move locations!!!  I knew I was going to have to grab a bite to go for a late lunch and decided to Yelp some suggestions for the area.  Of course, my Yeeps (Yelp Peeps) didn't let me down.This wonderful gem is hidden in strip mall next to the Shell on the SWC of Country Club and Beltline Road, a few doors down from Little Caesar's pizza.  I knew before coming in that empanadas were the only items on the menu, but I was a little leery.  I venture in to find the owner, Raul, hard at work behind the counter explaining the ordering procedure to a couple in front of me.  The place is tiny with only 5 tables and a little drink fridge near the cashier.  The menu is a laminated long strip and you are given a grease pencil to mark your choices - $2.50 for savory, $1.50 for sweet.  You can also order a dozen savory for $27.50.I chose 5 different varieties and took note of the little machine in the kitchen where the dough is made and the pastries are hand formed - the stuff legends are made of.  When I asked about the guitar propped on top of the fridge, Raul said that whenever it slows down or when friends drop in, he will bust out the guitar for an impromptu concert.  Greatness.  When I get to the car and open the box (of COURSE I wasn't going to leave the parking lot without tasting), an unexpected surprise - each empanada was individually bagged and tagged.  WOW!  I can't even begin to describe the first bite of Criolla because the angels were singing so loudly.My entire experience was delightful and I encourage everyone to stop by to support this mom and pop biz, introduce yourself to Raul, and let him know that you found him on Yelp!
<review# 1540,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/19/2010,7/30/2010,219,594,8,7,7>Rosie is like Blanche on the Golden Girls.  She's got some moves.  However, they were probably better before she had hip replacement surgery, started wearing dentures, and dying her hair red.Rosie still has class- you'll notice the velvet lined seats right away.  And she's got that special international flair, being from Portugal.But she's slow as hell, and I don't recommend that you take her when operating on a tight schedule (or even an hour lunch break).  Some of that is Rosie's fault, and some of it is her driver's fault.There's two kinds of people who ride the trolley- people who are trying to get somewhere and people riding for the hell of it.  On the way to lunch one day (trying to get there), our conductor stopped the trolley to tell the tourists all about the Arts District- some factual information, some jokes, some this and that.  We sat through two green lights while he had Rosie in park, and we waited.  But that's the driver- and they're all very different.  We observed a shift change in the middle of our ride, and saw a noticeable difference in styles and timing.Watch out for corners, Rosy can feel a little wobbly.  I hear that she's the oldest of the trolleys.  It can be a bit bumpy, and some of the sounds she makes are concerning, but apparently it's all normal.Best part of the trolley: it's a free way to get between downtown and uptown.  Can't beat that.
<review# 1541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2010,7/29/2010,162,317,5,7,6>exterior: it's your shopping center restaurant...located in a strip mall nothing out of the ordinaryinterior: upon walking in...you immediately smell the food and not GREASY...this is a big plus! it meants the foods are HOT and fresh not left on the buffet for too long. decoration is your typical mom n' pops traditional style but this place is big with 4 regular food buffet tables and 3 fruit/dessert buffet tables...it's pretty well maintained I think...b/c it's pretty clean buffet: (one of the GOOD Chinese buffet in Dallas) it's still Americanized of course but you can't find many around...mmm very rarely actually...they offer a large selection of meats and they are fresh also their LO-MEIN is amazing!!!! they're orange and they tastes amazing!!! and the steam fish is very very tasty!!!! ....also had the string beans, orange beef, chicken, miranated beef, dumplings, 3 types of soups, various desserts, pies, cookies, and ice cream....and all for only $6.99 lunch and $8.99 for dinner?....what can you ask for more...one thing their mushroom / carrots dish....some mushrooms were not cooked all the way =/ but one bad out of many many goods...this places is a definitely must if you like Chinese buffets...a SOLID 4.5 stars!!!....-.05 for 1-2 tiny bad things about the food and hidden in shopping center
<review# 1542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2010,7/28/2010,70,154,8,8,7>This is my favorite movie theater.  Does it make me sound like a douchebag if I said one of my favorite movie genres was documentary?  Well that's just a risk I'm willing to take!Been coming here for years and I love the coffee bar inside, little tables set up for the cash bar, and the special event screenings they do.  We did the Mad Men free screenings last summer which was super cool because (1) I don't want to pay for AMC and (2) free is free!  I was just a lil bummed that they didn't have gimlets at their cash bar so I could get my Betty Draper on.Saw Exit Through the Gift Shop last week which just blew my mind and I'm so happy that theaters like the Angelika exist so that I can learn something and show off about it at the same time.One of the only negatives is the parking garage amidst the shopping center with slow elevators and the old people who take it one level up or down.  I end up hitting every floor which is no bueno.
<review# 1543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2010,7/27/2010,186,191,4,12,9>Our foursome set out to test The Grape's "BEST BURGER IN TEXAS" for Sunday brunch. It was our first time there (I've been wanting to try it for a while now). If you drive by too fast, you will miss this little gem with a purple awning. We had reservations, which are preferred and almost necessary as this place can pack the people in very well. First impressions, I loved the place from the friendly staff holding the doors and the maze of small rooms. The smaller rooms make the place way more cozy than one big open loud room. Mad kudos for that. The front patio was also very nice and warm with its own heaters on a chilly Sunday morning.The brunch menu has a good selection, but we all stuck to our guns and ordered four burgers we planned to try. For starters, we got the fried polenta cheese fritters with cheese I've never heard of, cotija, and sriracha. The polenta was tasty but filling and a good portion. Back to the burgers... My brunch mates all love a good burger, they are guys afterall. They gave The Grape's burger 4/5 stars. I leaned more towards 3/5. There are a lot of good distinct flavors going on and it was almost hard to process...if that makes any sense. The bun was one of the best and softest and didn't fall apart like most places. The fries were good and the horseradish pickles on the side were my favorite. I already have my selections for my next trip there...the haystack and a wounded yellow bird to sip!
<review# 1544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2010,7/26/2010,199,275,4,10,7>How have I lived in mere minutes from this park without realizing how beautiful it is on a sunny day?I ran several laps around the park and through Addison Circle today, making my four mile run that much shorter. The beauty, the atmosphere! Seriously- I know I sound gushy but revelations!The crowds of people at the Loop Festival, the kiddos, the dogs, and the beautiful pink tulips made my run that much more special.The sprawling fields with the winding sidewalks make for great events. The fountains are beautiful and the benches make for good people watching. The water fountains and clean bathrooms give this park that more of an edge. Also, the great events that get hosted here boost my love of the city. I'm a big fan of the shops and love bringing people over to Addison Circle. This park is even more of a reason to brag.I'm always looking for new places to help me keep my love of running and Addison Circle Park does just that. I wish I could explain the odd epiphany that comes with a finding a new running spot but just trust me. Look for me, I'm the girl with the big smile and her eye on the tulips.Edit: For those who run seriously, a lap around the outer perimeter of the park..follow the sidewalk in front of Quorum, up the side street that runs by Water Tower Theatre, down Addison Road, and down Festival Way - measure .6 of a mile. Good to know!
<review# 1545,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,7/25/2010,51,309,7,11,13>I was running errands one day, so I decided to stop at the observation area to check it out.  It was a pretty slow day, air traffic-wise, so all I saw were MD-80's taking off and landing.  But hearing the air traffic controllers was definitely cool!  I waited around for about 30 minutes, but didn't see the larger planes I was hoping to see.  Luckily while waiting, I got to read up on the history of the airport and use the telescopes to check things out.  I'll definitely have to make my way back, so I can see some 747's!
<review# 1546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2010,7/24/2010,166,221,5,7,6>I am a regulare on Knox Henderson but have never made it out to Vickery Park. Its a cool Restaurant/Bar and its normally packed with locals on weekends at nite. The Beer prices are a bit higher than my local taverns but they still have a good selection. They have an amazing Patio which will be alot better if they had fans or Spritzers outside. At first entrance it seems like there is a hidden code to have a gang of tattoos on you in order to get admitted but its just coincidental. The wait staff and bar staff are heavily tatted i must say though which is cool cos having tats comes across as down to earth to some of us.Its dark inside the main rest/bar which is great for a late nite bar setting and nocturnal activity. It had some lumination this day cos the World Cup game between Brazil and Cote divoire was on and a lot of soccer fans were there to cheer on.Now for the food, I went on a Sunday Brunch run with my friend so it was strictly about the food. I ordered the Eggs Benedict(Something about running food that excites me) and my friend ordered the Brisket Sandwich which i must attest was incredible and had some sweet Kahlua sauce in it which made it sweet and  meaty at the same time. I had a Blue Moon and a Sangria just because it was so hot and i had to get hydrated. My Eggs Benedict i must say was gourmet like with Ham, Spinach all in between and was very well made and runny and dripped all over my mouth (TMI i know) . The Hashbrowns were incredulous. I am glad i chose them over the fruit option. I plan on visiting more to get a hold of their menu so i can provide more breathtaking reviews. FYI Not so kid friendly cos they didnt have plastic cup for a kid but then again you can tell from the exterior that its not all about the kids.
<review# 1547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,7/22/2010,188,256,10,14,11>Hello, my name is Dan and I'm a taco-holic.  Last week I hung the to-go bag and left-over styrofoam carton from a taqueria on my rear-view mirror just so that my car would smell like tacos all week. I have a problem.So, when I heard about this newly opened taqueria, it was only a matter of time before I had to try it.If you looked up Cool & Hot in the 2010 Dallas yearbook, the caption under its picture might read, "Most Likely to Give Fuel City a Run For Its Money."  The taco options are pretty typical: picadillo, pastor, fajita, barbacoa, chicken, etc. but the quality is better than most.  The tortillas are homemade and not pulled out of a bag, and taste delicious.  Standard fixins are provided and you get the choice of a red or green salsa.  The tacos are small, about the same size as Fuel City.I am a real sucker for a good picadillo and pastor, and Cool & Hot does a great job with both.  The picadillo was cooked up fresh with tender chunks of potato.  The pastor was even better.  The pork was tender and spicy, with a slight crisp from a quick sear on the flat-top.  I ask you, is there anything more beautiful than a well-made taco?There are some pluses over Fuel City too:+1 They serve breakfast tacos all day long.+1 They also serve ice cream, sundaes, sno-cones, and even fresh-baked cookies+1 They have a drive-thru +1 They accept credit/debit cards
<review# 1548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,7/21/2010,127,93,3,5,5>I love Jasper's!  Breakfast, lunch, dinner--it's all great!  A little pricey, but worth it IMO.In our search for Dallas's best Eggs Benedict, my boyfriend and I went here from a suggestion by D Magazine.While we were a little disappointed that they didn't have the traditional Eggs Benedict, the one that they do have was good (Crabcake "Benedict").  I got the White Truffle-Aged Gouda Omelette, which was really good.For dinner, you really can't go wrong.  You really need to get the Blue Cheese Potato Chips.  We pretty much get these every time.  The Prosciutto-wrapped "Shrimp 'n' Grits" is a good choice as well.  You can't go wrong with the Prime Rib or the Lemon Chicken, although the Lemon Chicken doesn't seem to always be on their menu.My best friend and I tend to get their Aged Gouda Ham Mac 'n' Cheese even if we're just going for a drink.  God that stuff's good.The servers are all very friendly and helpful, quick to offer suggestions, and seem to actually care if you're enjoying your food.
<review# 1549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2010,7/20/2010,126,176,61,23,18>TWO DOLLAR BRAS!!!!!Every skanky color you can imagine, including neon yellow and turqoise (cause you know what they say about girls in turqoise).  I know what you're thinking...they have to suck.  Actually, after 16 hours in a $2 Trader's Village bra, I can honestly say I find them quite comfortable and non-slipping.  Take THAT, Victoria's Secret!I know what else you're thinking:  Sarah, you have the boobs of a 10 year old boy.   This is true.  I have no idea how these bras will stand up on a woman who actually has breasts.  I'm just saying: if it's only $2, it won't kill you to find out. Other highlights:Sausage on a StickBrand new Nikes for cheapHachets (yes, I was looking for one)Good Plants/fruit treesCheap but seemingly well-mounted wall artCheap Fruit and ToiletriesNotes:1) An ATM is available at the entrance, but usually has a line2) When in doubt, buy your own black cats and throw them at unattended children.  You will feel a solid sense of solidarity.3) They have dogs for sale, but I don't know who in their right mind would pay $300 for a Cocker Spaniel.
<review# 1550,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2010,7/19/2010,159,188,9,8,10>My hubby took me here when I said I wanted some Pho...with much hesitation and trepidation.  He knows I'm picky, and that I'm in a mad love affair with the pho and Vietnamese egg rolls at Dong Nai in Austin.But...I live in Dallas now...and I must move on...must find good pho in North Dallas.I was really pleased with my noodles, broth, and slices of steak.  The broth was a bit more gentle and mild (but pretty traditional to my understanding) than my preference - so of course I spiced it up with the appropriate on table accoutrements.  Also, had a coffee with condensed milk - yum.  We ordered the crispy eggrolls and they totally won me over as they are darned tasty!An additional note: see John M's review update about the napkins...TOTALLY true...couldn't have said it better myself.  They utterly suck.  Humorously, I used to complain about how they never give you napkins at the Pho houses we frequented in Austin.  So, initially I was like "LOOK!  NAPKIN DISPENSER ON THE TABLE!"  Giddy, with delight that I'd have all the napkins I'd need...uh, that was apparently just a cruel joke...napkins napkins everywhere and completely useless.
<review# 1551,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/13/2010,7/18/2010,1341,757,5,10,10>We came here for lunch yesterday because the other restaurants in the shopping center was closed.  The lunch buffet is around $7 and the hotpot  is $13 ish. The buffet is had various vietnamese dishes ranging from lemongrass chicken to chicken curry. Their curry is really good. It's light and not too heavy. I like that they went easy on the coconut milk. The vegetable selection was pitiful though. There was a tray of limp broccoli and a tray of sauteed bell peppers and onions. I was a little miffed about not being able to get my veggies on so I ordered the hotpot. You have two choices for hotpot, Thai style broth which was spicy and sour or original (I'm not sure what that entails). I ordered the Thai broth. The pot is divided into two halves so you can make two different style soups. I loaded one side up with seafood and veggies and the other with tofu, veggies, and shiitake mushrooms. I love that they had napa cabbage and watercress available. yum! The broth was too sweet for my liking so I added a generous amount of lime juice to my bowl. It was edible, not quite enjoyable but it was nice to have something hot to sip on. Overall, I think lunch wasn't too bad. My mom and Ernesto seemed pretty content and I didn't leave hungry. I think next time if I do choose to get hotpot again, I'll try the original broth instead of Thai style.
<review# 1552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2010,7/17/2010,231,448,6,8,9>I've officially popped my Indian food cherry, yay!  And it wasn't even a painful process.  In fact, I enjoyed it enough that I'm taking recommendations of where to go & what to try during my next outing.  I really had no desire to cook this past Monday night.  I was out of groceries, didn't feel like going to the grocery store, and really just wanted a mindless meal.  I was set to drive thru at a fast food place, but a good friend suggested I try this place out with her.  She had been before and promised I'd enjoy it, so I took her word for it and headed that direction.Because I went for dinner and there was no buffet, the menu completely overwhelmed me.  Since my friend hadn't been there in a while, she wasn't able to offer too much advice this time around.  Fortunately, I spotted the First Timer's Special towards the back of the menu which included an array of dishes for a mere $14.95.  I cannot remember everything that it included, but I got a few soups, some naan, mango chutney, veggie curry, a chicken dish, plenty of rice, and a dessert.  That sounded like a ton of food for so cheap and I figured I could get lunch leftovers, too.By the time we had placed our orders, my friend & I knew we were in for a ton of food.  We decided to share some vegetable samosas which were tasty, but a bit too heavy for more as an appetizer.  My friend ordered herself a mango lassi and let me have a sip.  It was interesting, though I'm not a fan of buttermilk generally, but I can't say I'll be getting one of those for myself in the future.  The naan was hot & fresh and we were given a ton of sauces to try out.  I enjoyed the curry, though it was pretty mild so I'll have to find out how to get the hot stuff next time.  The chicken was good, too, especially atop the fluffy hot rice *yum*  My dessert was gulab jumn which was good, though too sugary for me.  Way too much food, but way too good to pass up - lunch was fantastic the next day.Despite the fact that it was pretty empty that night, our service was a bit spotty, though everyone was extremely polite and friendly.  I was brave & tried the seeds at the door - not too bad, actually.  I could see myself trying this place again, though I may have to give the lunch buffet a shot next time.
<review# 1553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2009,7/16/2010,33,71,6,6,6>I've been wanting to try this place for a while but for one reason or another never got to it, until today. I found the place to be less attractive than what the photos show, however, the food was really good - way better than how it looks in the photos that are posted here (no offense to those who took them but is hard to make a taco look appetizing!)Anyway, going back to the tacos, I tried two of them: picadillo and pulled pork. The former in flour tortilla and the latter in corn to be able to tell if both were worth having. The picadillo taco was good, it came with Jasmin rice and melted cheese (I think it was cheddar). The picadillo was well seasoned and, although it smelled a lot like cumin, it actually didn't taste like it that much. Now, the pulled pork taco was delicious. It came with pinto beans and pico de gallo - not enough to my taste. The pulled pork was really tender and flavorful. The beans were baked to perfection and not overly seasoned and, to my surprise, the corn tortilla was incredible. It reminded me of the tortillas that you get at a "mercado" in Mexico. Just great.Overall I think it is a great place to grab a couple of tacos; however, I wouldn't recommend it for a date (unless the person you're going out with is super relaxed and not into nice places)I'd say that if you are around that area and are craving a good taco, you should go and try them even though their menu changes daily. I'm pretty sure that whatever taco O'hare and Johnson make, is going to be goodUPDATE: an hour after I got these delicious tacos I got the runs really bad. I don't know if it was the tacos or the oogave lemonade that I got but something got me BAD. I still think they are worth it, though!
<review# 1554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2009,7/15/2010,31,146,3,7,6>Absolutely the best American joint I've ever eaten at.  Will definitely bring the family here.This was the second restaurant I hit up in RW and I brought four fellas along for this wonderfully joyous thrill ride, all of whom had a blast and didn't regret spending a single penny on this meal (some of em go insane over the thought of spending more than five bucks on non-buffet food).So lets cut to the chase and tell you about the food:Fried Green Beans- how the hell did they make green beans taste so damn good?  Oh that's right, they fried em.  But its as if they replace the fryer they use for each batch of these bad boys with a brand new one so it tastes exceptionally fresh.Crab Dip- how did they make it so creamy but leave out any trace of a buttery taste?  The crab itself was pure, succulent.Bruschetta- I was never a fan of this stuff, but they had a labana type yogurt spread on the bread that tasted just like the stuff we have at home.  It was a nice touch.Mac n Cheese- I can still smell that stuff now.  Perfect crust, flavorful cheese, well cooked macaroni.  Beautiful piece of art.  I actually took the leftovers of this home and after microwaving it there was a lot of orange oil that oozed out.  I hope its from the cheese and not a ton of added fat.  It was still the best Mac n Cheese I've had in my life, just don't eat too much without a side of Cardiologist.Petite Fillet- we always order our steaks well done, and every time we get a filet mignon cooked that way, it comes out chewy and dry.  Somehow, whoever the chef back there is made this thing stay so friggin tender and juicy and cooked it just perfectly.Prawn- man that's a fat ass shrimp.  And the breading was so clean and bright.Roasted Chicken- I had a taste from another guy's dish, and it was fabulous.  I don't remember having too many roasted chickens that taste as good as this.Now the best part...Chocolate Cake- THE BESTIce Box Pie- EVEN BETTER.  Man I love me sum Butterfinger!Apple Crostada- pretty damn good for a fried fruity delight.For a supplemental review, refer to Mohammad K's just below.For that $35 I got more pleasure and excitement than if I had spent it on a shuttle ride to the moon, no doubt.  Five stars!
<review# 1555,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2009,7/14/2010,137,147,4,8,6>Ode to Frozen Margarita: Tempting me with your wide brim. Icy glass and splayed lime.  When squeezed on top an icy limon layer to break through with my straw.  Wait out the margarita for a few moments, because it's too frozen at first.  As it thaws it turns into melty clumpy bliss.  More tart than bitter-liquor.  Anyway, two of the full size and everything gets better...music, conversation, food.Soooo...in this tequilanated haze my faves from the menu: the cod stew quickie-starter with the seafood entrees is made by the quality of the fish stock which is nice.  The shrimp tacos are a greasy treat: fresh corn tortillas wrapped around nuggets of shrimp and some colorful bell peppers and possibly a few onion slivers, fastened together with toothpicks and deep fried until the shell is crispy.  If you can drain enough of the grease from them they are worth it.  At least the cucumber and jicama side, splashed in lemon juice, is light enough to balance it.  Coctel de Camaron is the typical mexican shrimp cocktail, but thrills with the briny goodness of the shrimp and endless avocado shards jumbled in the saucy mix.  If there's a common thread developing it's the shrimp.  The Fajitas de Camaron sizzle away on their iron skillet.  Here, the shrimp don't really shine too much, but the green and red bell peppers and onions (and a whole jalapeno) that blacken away into carmelized goodness make a tasty filler for your tortillas, especially when doused with the good house hot sauce.The Caldo de Camaron is simple: six large count shrimp and broth.  A few diced jalapenos in 1/2 carat-bit sizes.  Maybe some tiny cucumber pieces...not sure.  What you HAVE to do is tear apart the accompanying rolls and drop the pieces little by little into the broth while you eat to give it filler.  Makes a quite nice bread soup effect. Rest of the menu...let's see: a decent meat dish is the tacos de carne deshebrada: like pulled brisket wrapped in tortillas: 3 to an order.  Chicken tacos are pretty nice.  Red Snapper dish I tried was major let-down, especially compared to what I remember from Javiers years ago.  Tex Mex is ok...nothing special.  Have had some other average and disappointing seafood items.So you made it this far in the review? You earn a treat!  The secret of La Calle Doce: Best bean and cheese nachos ever.  Cut up one of the red onions....pile on a few jalapeno slices...take a big sip of the frozen margarita...it's perfectly melty frozeny by this point.  Eat the nacho, and then tell me I'm wrong.
<review# 1556,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/4/2009,7/13/2010,725,843,10,12,10>Best burger in Dallas??...I dunno about that, Big D Magazine. It was a good burger, don't get me wrong. And I've heard that these style burgers are all the rage in San Antonio. But it wasn't as good as I really wanted it to be. I split La Monumental with my date. I'm sure you've read the ingredients all ready. I wonder how many calories are in that thing?! Either way, it was huge and you actually get to taste everything--maybe not all at the same time but there was enough of each ingredient. I do have to complain that the hunks of avocado came squishing out of the bun on several occasions. I smudged it back in there and kept eating. Fries were pretty good, just don't let them get cold. Eat them straight from the bag on the drive home. I'd like to see a few more sides on the menu. I'm sure I'll got back, but this is not a "I must have it NOW" kind of place. And I'm really not ready to say it's the best in Dallas. As for the fortune taco cookie. Now that was interesting. But the little message inside was sort of kooky. Instead of "same old same old" I would have rather seen a fortune like, "You will develop a need for antacid in your near future." Of course in my case...that would still be "same old same old."
<review# 1557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2009,7/12/2010,251,161,10,10,11>Chosun, let's you and I start over. I am not sure if its new management or my previous visit was just an unfortunate fluke but ever since I attended a wonderful UYE with fellow yelpers last month I have really been wanting to make up with you.I can not believe I ever found fault with your warm atmosphere and cordial waitstaff. Your  banchan encompasses good variety and I especially loved the tofu skins & seaweed.The haemool pajeon that I was very happy everyone else at our table was excited about trying is some of the best I have ever tasted.In fact, Nikki B. commented that it actually beat the meat.And thats saying alot considering most everyone that is interested in trying Korean cuisine is all about the bbq.  Still, all the dishes tasted top notch although I didn't really deal with the soups they brought out towards the end cos my favorite sundubu is the seafood one and all the rest pale in comparison  at least for me.And thx to  Joe B. and Diana J. 's generosity I was able to sample some of the soju and it  proved to be a nice coda to a fantastic repast.Excellent dining companions and great bbq makes for a superb dining experience.Chosun, bygones, we definitely need to be seeing much more of each other from now on.
<review# 1558,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2009,7/10/2010,105,33,9,15,11>Martini Park re-invented with class.I poked my nose into the newly opened Sambuca 360 at the Legacy this week.  I was very pleased with the reworked configuration of the bar and dance area providing a more open feel, whilst keeping the winning formula of the over the bar stage concept, the centre piece space.I loved Martini park for the variety of live music and I am very please that Sambuca 360 are continuing with this concept.  If you check out their website you can see the acts that are booked for the entire month    providing the opportunity to plan when and what you want to hear.The concept of the place is dinner grill and live music club,  the drinks are reasonably priced, and the food is fresh (although I only had an appetizer).  There is a definite sense of classy mojo that will appeal to a wide age range.I was disappointed there was a $10 cover particularly for opening week which could of been an opportunity to win favour with the locals. I was even more disappointed when querying the doorman about the price he scoffed "Cmon you're one of those lawyer, you can afford it" as if to imply based on the location that it was a fair price.  Perhaps i was being over critical, but dude i only wanted one drink to check the place out to see if it was worthy of a future visit. (Imagined being described as a lawyer)I will go back for sure and get well fed and most likely a little messed up in the process. The force is strong in this one.Update:...upon my return to Sambuca, I got in early enough to avoid the cover charge and then got the obligatory stamp, once they did start charging the cover.  Bars prices are fantastic beer a little over $3.  Bar service for the night was good in spite of the crowd.So  have had to update my rating for this fine establishment
<review# 1559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2009,7/9/2010,436,192,6,9,10>Bolsa means bag en espanol . . . .and this place has a full bolsa of tricks. I'm not sure how it became so popular or even so good, but I have a few ideas. To me, once you incorporate Mozzarella Company, Randolph's Meat, and Jimmy's Food Store into a meal, you've got a winner. Local suppliers = fresh suppliers = your food is fresh to death. Son. I think this is most of the winning formula. I also like the patio "scene" and the eclectic people that populate the patio, which makes it less of a "scene" and more of a cool patio where people gather to eat. The food that they eat is really good, fresh, and inventive. After all, isn't that the point of restaurants?
<review# 1560,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2010,7/8/2010,259,574,7,12,9>I wanted something not too far away and yet new and possibly exciting for dinner last night so we checked out Artin's grill. They just opened up a couple weeks ago in the Shops at Legacy - I find things in that area hard to locate so I'll give you a tip- they are right next to Benihana by the big fountain on the north side of Legacy. The decor is nice - it's a visually appealing space. 5 stars for ambiance. The staff was awesome. Our server was helpful and attentive through out the meal. 5 stars for service. When we asked about a drink list they didn't have one just yet (at the printers) so the bartender came over to our table to talk to us about drinks and then brought back his own creations. Mine was a berry Pom-a-tini and Aimee's was a white cranberry cosmo and they were both awesome. I can't wait to see what else they have to offer (if I can keep myself from ordering one of these 2 things over and over!) Drinks - 5 stars! We started with the spinach dip and it was SO GOOD!! Creamy, cheesy, just enough artichoke and it was served with these toasty, garlic (just enough!) crostinis. It was heaven if heaven was green and cheesy. Appetizer - 5 stars! I ordered the Plain-o burger (waygu beef with tillamook cheddar) medium well and was expecting it to be pretty fabulous, but it came out overcooked (no pink at all) but it still had good flavor. If I ordered this again I would ask for it medium. My dining companion had shrimp and the batter looked so good I asked out server if they would make me chicken fingers out of that upon request! (he said probably) main course - 3 stars) For dessert I got the Creme Brulee and it was exactly as I expected. Yummy. Had enough crunch on the top and vanilla flavor to keep me happy. The sesame coconut bread pudding was AMAZING though. I might have to get that next time :) Dessert - 5 starsCheck this place out before it gets so busy that you've gotta have a reservation!
<review# 1561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2009,7/7/2010,167,230,6,12,9>Seriously - for FAST food - this is as good as it gets. For great food - fresh, healthy and if your in the mood for 'Asian' this is the place to go. I had the Thai bowl and that was wonderful. The sauce used in the dish was just enough nutty and spicy. The spring rolls will make you want to slap your momma. They are off the chain! I love that they wrap the rice paper so tight - when you bite into them, you can feel the pressure in the roll collapse. HA! It's great. I lick the peanut sauce out of the cup. Yeah, that's why the dudes dig me. If I could blow $10 a day on lunch, I would eat here every day. It's not really pricey...just that I HAVE to get a spring roll with whatever I order and I HAVE to get a tea. This is definitely worth walking over to Renaissance Tower. So I'm wondering when Chris M. is going to invite ME for lunch?!? :-)
<review# 1562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2009,7/6/2010,549,363,15,16,16>"Why haven't we been here before??" was the theme of our breakfast at All Good Cafe. My parents, of the over 50 active older adult bike riding crowd, wanted to ride to breakfast somewhere around downtown. A quick Yelp search by my dad brings up All Good Cafe. Good reviews, decent looking menu, they're ready to go!My mom calls at 7:30 a.m. (yes, a.m.) and asks if we want to go ride with them and get breakfast. No, I say, I'll stay in my toasty bed for another hour and ride.. in the car... and meet you at 9... when they open. And that's what we did.We park at a meter and realize we no tango any dinero. I run in and ask the hostess, an eclectic Austinite looking girl, if there's an ATM or if I could bum 50 cents. She hooked us up with 2 quarters and we had a seat with the exercising overachievers in a booth. The vibe is definitely laid back with cool framed concert posters and Kinky Friedman stuff on the wall. Suspended from the ceiling are hundreds of origami cranes.The menu is full of your normal breakfast stuff. My mom, who loves veggie omelettes, did the make your own omelette option and absolutely loved it. Etienne and I both had scrambled eggs with potatoes. I opted for sausage (instead of bacon) and biscuit (instead of toast). Also, we sprang for the additonal $1 side of gravy. The biscuit was home made and very dense. The eggs were fluffy, and the potatoes were cooked with fresh rosemary. I split my biscuit in half and put one sausage patty on top of either side, covered with gravy, and dug in. Seriously, it's the way to go. I have to say that while I did enjoy the eggs and appreciated the potaotes, my favorite by far was the biscuit, sausage and gravy part of my breakfast. The coffee was tasty and strong.The service was quick, friendly, and we had a great time. My parents tried to go again the next day, Labor Day, but they were closed. All Good, it's taken me awhile to find you but I'll definitely be back!
<review# 1563,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,7/5/2010,108,346,3,8,10>Where else can I go at 2 am when my computer breaks down and I need access to the internet quickly? Luckily I can come to Mug & Mouse to finish my work in case of an emergency. I've been coming here since 2003 for late night drinks. All the drinks including the coffee, boba, and iced teas are really good. Their peach iced tea is my favorite. The teas are freshly brewed with loose leaves, kind of like Tempest Tea when it was still around and kickin'. I came here on a Sunday night to catch up on some studying and paperwork and it was fairly quiet except for the group of nerdy gamers in the back hootin' and hollerin everytime they got shot down. If you need to copy/fax/print/scan something or tune up your computer, they'll do it for a fixed price.The place is owned by a middle aged Korean guy who's really friendly. I'll have to agree with the reviewers below.. the atmosphere is nothing special. It's not warm.. not very cozy either but they do make some mean peach iced tea!
<review# 1564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2010,7/4/2010,3760,1373,3,12,11>When I called the number on their website the young woman answered, "Chocolate Angel" and told me that they don't serve pizza until after 5pm, and that they become Il Cane Rosso at night.   I also saw that they serve pizza at Times Ten Cellars on Wed. and another place on Thursdays.   When I went inside the Chocolate Angel, a coffee shop and bakery,at Preston and Forest, I noticed a tent in the parking lot, I assumed for some special event or fair.   Inside this supposed coffe shop, everyone was chomping down on pizza and drinking wine, and some employees were wearing Il Cane Rosso T shirts. On the way out with my pizza in hand did the revelation come clear.  They were making the pizza in a tent in the parking lot, with a big fire grill and tossing the dough up in the air and everything.  I assume they move the tent to their other locations.   The deal, at this point was already sealed for me.  And all the strange red tape and confusion of how they ran their business was DELIGHTFULLY Italian.   Making pies in the parking lot was the type of business innovation that gives me warm fuzzies. On the website, the owner claims to have studied pizza making in Naples under the Italian governments program.  It showed.  This reminded me of pizza I had in Naples.  Small pizza, serves about one hungry person.   Excellent crust, and the prosciutto and arugula was spot on excellence, with perhaps a larger amount of toppings than you'd get in Italy.$13-15 for most pizzas.  This might arguably be five stars in New York City, but it most definitely is in Dallas.
<review# 1565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/28/2010,7/3/2010,106,107,4,3,7>Two weeks ago were the opening ceremonies for the 2010 Olympics, or so I hear.  I was too busy stuffing my face with a 3 course meal from Tillman's to really notice such silly things.  Not even a record-breaking 12" of snow in Dallas could have stopped me from enjoying every last bite of my mind blowing dinner.  Me and the wifey started off with the Trio of Fries.  It was solid, although not something you really want to split between just 2 people.  My favorite were the sweet potato fries, at least for the first few bites.  I ended up downing the chili dusted fries like they were chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant.  Fortunately I was still hungry for my main couse at the end of all those fried taters.  I ordered the Chipotle BBQ Ribs, which came in a log cabin on top of a bed of white cheddar mac 'n' cheese.  It was essentially the visual equivalent of a foodie porno.  The ribs were just awesome.  And the smoky flavor from the ribs dripping into the mac 'n' cheese made for an unexpected treat.  The love of my life went with the chicken fried steak, which was surprising given how much she loathes down home cooking.  However, this was not your normal CFS.  The hanger steak was good enough to stand on it's own and the poblano gravy was to die for.  I was also thoroughly impressed with the green beans, which is saying quite a bit since I've never been one to obsess over vegetables.  We decided to go all out with the s'mores at the end.  Cool concept (hello open flame at my table), unique and tasty, but not something I would need to do again.  Still well worth it for the experience.  All in all I really liked this place.  The decor was fun, the environment was classy but casual, and the food was great.  Tillman's, I have no choice but to give you 5 stars.  Congratulations on a job well done.
<review# 1566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2010,7/2/2010,88,90,9,11,13>I have been waiting a while for a place like this.  So then I'm on yelp yesterday and see this new place Meddlesome Moth on the hot list.  After reading what it was all about and checking their website, I decided that I had to go that day.  Granted, it's right by my highway exit on my way home from work, but all the more reason to go right? Great selection of beers on tap and bottled.  I tried the Left Hand Sawtooth and Rogue Hazelnut - both delish.  The g/f and I decided to split a few share plates as well.  We had a beet salad, braised oxtail calamari over pureed parsnip, and their signature "mothballs."  My favorite was the braised oxtail calamari.  How do those things even go together you ask?  Well, take a short calamari tube, stuff it with braised oxtail and put it over some tasty pureed parsnip.  The moth balls were good too - a ball of ricotta cheese with a soft pasta shell covering with a sauce (whose name and ingredients I forgot) drizzled over the top.  Enjoy them, b/c you only get 5 for $9.50. The venue is really cool too.  Longtime Dallasites will recall the old Hard Rock Cafe on McKinney.  Well the Moth has the same stained-glass windows taken from the old Hard Rock and put up on their walls.  There is also a large outdoor space that is perfect for this time of year. The Moth has a much more upscale feel than its cousin the Flying Saucer or a place like the Gingerman.  The parking lot, prices and cuisine all attest to this.  I could see this place becoming a little too "cool" for me on a Friday or Saturday night, but it's still perfect to stop and get a drink or two on the way home.And to throw in a really corny ending metaphor, I'll say that for a beer-loving moth, this place is the moon.  Or floodlight.  Or street lamp.  Whatever, you get the idea.
<review# 1567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2009,7/1/2010,55,65,5,12,6>Before I start complaining about seemingly insignificant things, let me emphasize that this restaurant is REALLY good. I just feel that the coveted 5 star rating should be reserved for the near flawless establishment.MEATLOAF: 4 stars. The mushroom gravy literally gave me goosebumps when I first tasted it! The mashed potatoes were perfect and the seasonal vegetables were a nice side. However, the meatloaf lacked a little something that prevented it from rising above the gravy. I found myself drooling over the gravy and just using the meatloaf to soak it up. At times I even forgot that there was meatloaf. All I wanted was the gravy.TOMATO SOUP: 4 stars. Delicious, but Zupa's tomato basil is better. Also, it was frustrating to receive a half gallon bowl of soup with a mini grilled cheese sandwich the size of a pack of cards. What a tease!MAC & CHEESE: 5 stars. I'm not huge mac & cheese guy but this stuff was good. But be careful. It is so rich that after 3 bites you may regret the commitment you just made to a whole plateful.PORK CHOP WITH APPLE GLAZE: 3 stars. Eh. Good but somewhat forgettable.CARAMELIZED ONION AND CHEDDAR TART: 4 stars. I know it sounds gross but it tasted amazing. The caramelized onions steal the show on this plate.SHRIMP AND GRITS: 3 stars. I don't care for grits but these ones tasted pretty good. The bacon pan sauce makes this plate. But I'm only giving it 3 stars because the plate only comes with 5 or 6 shrimp on it. Lame.FINAL THOUGHTS: Hattie's was really good. The restaurant is a little loud, but the service is fantastic. I'll probably go back for lunch some time so I can try their sandwiches.
<review# 1568,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/16/2009,6/30/2010,80,190,,9,6>I am always craving good traditional tacos, and after all the talk going around Yelp on where to find some good tacos I finally decided enough reading and more eating.  My office is just a couple of miles from taco central (Harry Hines) so I ended up here at Taqueria Cholula.  Taqueria Cholula is inside a Conoco gas station on Royal & 35.  This taqueria had three good visual signs of a quality taqueria...1) basically it looked as if everything that makes up this shop came from Home Depot and Walmart, 2) it had only two cooking methods, a flat top and fryer, 3) I was the only white guy among a half dozen diners.    The menu encompasses breakfast tacos, traditional tacos, tortas and aqua frescas.  I can never pass up on Tacos al Pastor so I order two and two Tacos de Barbacoa.  They have about a dozen different tacos to choose from in either corn or flour.  They cook each taco to order and each order is served with their red chile salsa which is a few notches above hot on the mild, medium, hot scale.  Your order also comes with sauted onions, and cilantro and raw onions upon request.  The Tacos al Pastor were awesome; tender, hot and the perfect amount of adobo sauce, however I didn't not see any pineapple.  The Tacos de Barbacoa is what brought down my rating because they lacked flavor and it contained a lot of fat.  The agua frescas are great on a hot day and this time I order agua de jamaica (hibiscus water).  There were several people waiting to order when I was here.  I will definitely go back but avoid the barbacoa.  Taqueria Cholula is not a destination by any means but if you are in the area it is worth the stop.
<review# 1569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,6/29/2010,273,583,9,14,14>A review just for the food, because if you've ever been to Mama's you know ambiance is not even considered here. This place looks like the storage shed my dad built in our backyard. Drive through windows on 2 sides, and a walk up window in the front. They have painted and added some touches to their building fairly recently, so it's not as shacky looking.But the food, oh the food. My favorite is the catfish basket. I didn't even like catfish until my first time at Big Mama's. Let me tell you, mama does it right. The basket is lined with 2 slices of white bread, then come the fries, and then the hot catfish on top. Everything is seasoned by Mama's seasoning, and she throws some pickles and a pickled jalapeno in. I normally take a bite of the pepper and sprinkle the juice over the fish. UGH! so good. The chicken is solid as well, but I can't get over the catfish. My very first time here, I got a drumstick, 1 catfish fillet, and a waffle so that I could cover my bases. They also have fried pork chops on the menu, which are next on my hit list. Call them up and order your food for pick up, so you can have it ready to go when you arrive. The neighborhood is a bit sketch, but Mama is a super sweet lady out to fatten you up with her goods. Cash only kids and they stay open pretty late, but take that at your own risk.
<review# 1570,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/20/2010,6/28/2010,140,90,25,12,12>I must admit, I was a bit drunk each time I ate here,But cups of corn make great food porn...I think I shed a tear.Elotes or esquite, call it whatever you feelIt was delish, a kickass dish, I'd eat 10 cups, fo' real.The al pastor: hard to ignore grease running down your chinBarbacoa, dontcha know(a), won't help you stay thin.I have to say, the tacos...they were average, at best.Though I recall, I scarfed them all, and got food on my chest.Someday I'll learn: I will return and heed Fuel City's call,For now I'm fine, elsewhere I'll dine; I blame the alcohol.
<review# 1571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2009,6/27/2010,136,202,3,8,8>My man took me to Fearing's for my 30th birthday, and it was a terrific experience.  We each ordered a glass of wine; he had the Inwood Estates Tempranillo and I had glass of Sauvignon Blanc.  The Tempranillo was outstanding and probably surpassed any Spanish Tempranillo we've tried.For an appetizer, we split the trio of crabcakes, duck tamales, and mini lobster tacos.  Each had a different flavor and element of smokiness.  The duck tamale was quite spicy, but not overwhelming.  For entrees, I had the halibut and he had the buffalo tenderloin.  The halibut was a gigantic slab of fish served on crab succotash with fried green tomatoes.  The fish was perfectly cooked and the flavors melded together beautifully.  The buffalo tenderloin was out of this world.  It too was perfectly cooked, and had a unique earthy flavor.  The waiter told us it has more Omega-3 than salmon.We received the best service I've experienced in the states.  It was down to earth and friendly without being unprofessional.  I loved the rhythm of all the different roles and when they visited.  It was like a well-rehearsed dance number.  Also, Dean Fearing came by twice to say hi.  He seems like an interesting character.The atmosphere was interesting.  It is a beautiful space that obviously cost a lot to build.  However, it doesn't feel stuffy.  The classic rock playing in the background probably helped contribute to the more laid-back atmosphere.  Our table was comfortable, as we sat opposite each other on what seemed to be small couches.  Fearing's surpassed my expectations and we will likely return on a future special occasion.  It is way too pricey for a weekly or monthly splurge.  It is definitely worth it, though, for a special evening.
<review# 1572,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,6/26/2010,511,139,4,11,10>Well, first-off, let me start with the caveat that I doubt very seriously if anyone in America will be seeing the "green fairy" via any of the labels the FDA seems to be letting in to the country.  But I knew this heading in...The place is exquisitely dark, euro-trashly, appointed, green-glowing and comfy--all of which I enjoyed. However, as for the "la fie vert" I wasn't that surprised to see only one label of their absinthe collection that I hadn't owned at some point.  I had half-hoped they'd have couriered in some old school Czech labels, but I also knew better. The bartendress was well-school in the traditional preparation and made a tasty treat a la Pernod.Met the owner, who was gracious and accommodating, as well as a few of the staff.  I think it serves as a great "off-the-beaten-path" place to get away to.
<review# 1573,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2010,6/25/2010,145,236,7,8,6>Isn't 'Yourway' kind of stolen from the Burger King slogan.  Well if it is, that's where the similarities end.  Yourway Burgers has a surprising contempo chic look to it with its concrete floors and minimalistic style and some top percentile burgers.  You order like you're at Which Wich or sushi place with little pencils checking off what you want from the patty to the seasoning on the fries.  I got a 1/3 pounder with chopped mushroom and penos mixed in.  So they mix the burger meat up with fresh ingredients there in the kitchen, right then, live, it just happened.  Add on whatever else you want to dress it with at the little condiment bar and let the savory burger and melty cheese dissolve in your mouth.  The dilemma lies in the selection of fries.  Should I get the the batter fries?  Shoestring? Curly?  Sweet potato?  Or perhaps the tater tots???!  There's no bad choice but I went with the curly + the garlic Parmesan seasoning.  For the pseudo health conscience, like my friends chose to be, you can have a turkey burger or a burger on a lettuce bun.  But when you top it with blue cheese, bacon, mayo, ranch, and chase it with a beer ... I mean stick a corset on a fat pig and it's still fat pig.
<review# 1574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2010,6/24/2010,149,145,8,7,4>In all honesty, this place is niche. You should not go here if:1. You are a dainty eater. 2. You hate taking huge bites.3. You do not like BBQ sauce or the mess that comes with it. 4. You are horrified at the idea of a 21 yr. gal prancing around and wearing clothes that no mother or father would let out of the house. 5. You hate Mac & Cheese, Baked Beans that melt in your mouth, and large heaping portions of the entree on your plate. Seriously- I walked in and found heaven on a platter. The Chicken Fried Steak is huge and tender. Chicken Fried Chicken is even better (why do I feel healthier eating this instead of the steak?). The Pig sandwich with bacon, sausage, ham and one other product of the pig is awesome. Go there. Experience it. Ignore the girls if you need to. Focus on the food and also how your wallet doesn't go into cardiac arrest! Pretty cheap prices here....
<review# 1575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2010,6/23/2010,98,143,8,10,12>Last night Tricia S. and I decided to make dinner plans. The first place we chose (which had customer appreciation free dinners) was booked, so we decided to check out SP. At first I thought, WTF?!?! going from free dinner to uber swanky, way out of my price range restaurant!!! Tricia S. calmed my nerves when she informed me that on weekdays from 5-7 you can get complimentary flatbread at the bar. Upon entering, I immediately felt out of place in my neon green band tee, jeans, and chucks. The crowd is definitely upscale as many of the patrons were very dressy. This did not deter me from free food and tasty cocktails though. We pulled up to the bar and quickly asked about the free pizza/flatbread. The bartender vaguely described it, so we really had no idea what to expect. Tricia S. started with the Chile Rita and I had the Pina Diablo. The Pina Diablo was mildly spicy and very potent with its dark rum base. It kind of tasted like cake :)  I like Tricia's better though since the chile on the rim left my lips tingling ever so gently. Went with that for round two. Our pizza finally arrives and we are amazed by the size of this baby. It was a little larger than a typical small pizza. The crispy crust was covered in a light pesto, goat cheese, tomato, shrimp and scallops!!! Mmmm frickin mmm. We ate every last bite of that baby!!! I ended the night with a Tower of Tequila (a guava based cocktail) which was by far my fav of the evening. At $10 a pop the cocktails are pricey, but they were definitely worth every last penny. All in all I spent just under $40 with tip. Though this was more than I had originally planned, the atmosphere, drinks, and overall coolness of this place definitely made for money well spent! I will definitely be back for more free flatbread!!!!
<review# 1576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,6/22/2010,541,525,22,15,13>Yes, Yes, 140 reviews and we all know VT's is great. Well let me tell you something, it is great. I'll keep this short and sweet. Few tips to get you through, everything is served family style. So you can get a starter and then some seconds (which is what they call main course) and then a third, which would be your side. Another key tip is that when they put your order in, the food comes out when its ready. So your S.O. could get their food first, and you're still waiting on yours. They don't want the food to get cold or sit under a lamp. I actually kind of liked this. BF's plate came out about 2 minutes after mine did. We started with the Ahi Tuna Nachos, I don't know whats in that little mayo sauce they serve it with, but I could bathe in it. For din, I had the lamb sausage flat bread. So spicy and delicious. BF had the pork Belly and was literally talking about it all weekend. He usually doesn't care that much, so obviously it was good. Then we got Sweet Potato Fries with Gorgonzola Aioli to share. HOLY FOOD!!!! We had plenty of cocktails, which were deliciously buzzworthy. Our waitress was adorable, very friendly and helpful. She gave great suggestions and outlined everything for us (i.e. food comes out when ready).  So there were no surprises...Just a few cons... The wait time is a beating and a half (if you go past 8pm on Fri/Sat..expect to wait, no call ahead...at least an hour or more). The crowd, I just happened to get dressed up and boy am I glad I did, cause I still felt under dressed. Lots of beautiful people. Everyone is kissing hello and schmoozing. It's like Sex and City threw up all over VT's.  Ha, its great if you ask me.  But, I can't fully describe it, so I'll tell you a story of what I witnessed (anyone who knows me, knows I am a people watcher...to the n'th degree).   Girl and guy are seated at the table. Girl is wearing a glittery wife beater esq type shirt, with jeans that were painted on and 6" stilettos. Guy looks beat, members only jacket and chucks. Both of them are texting on their phones the whole time. She gets up and goes to the BAR for her drinks. On her 3rd visit to the bar, I notice that she is flirting with the bar tender, meanwhile back at the table her "friend" is hitting on the two girls sitting across from him at the next table. When girl gets back with her next drink, their food arrives, they eat and hold hands.  And this my friends...is Victor Tango's. I'll def be back, the food is absolutely worthy of my money, however, it will be on a weeknight or on the weekend before 7pm.  I'm still betting the people watching will be great...."The brazilian made me to do it..."
<review# 1577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2010,6/21/2010,100,86,13,10,9>Update update!  Nothin' like a bad cookie to make you appreciate a good one!  I take that back- ain't no such thing as a bad cookie.  Just weird ones like the oddly cardboard tasting ones at the American Cookie Company and the butter laden ones at JD's Chippery.  Are they hiding Paula Deen in the back?  Comparatively, Tiff's makes a consistently delicious chocolate chip cookie.  Their snickerdoodle and peanut butter aren't bad either.  Plus, they serve Blue Bell ice cream which ranks high up there on my list of best Texan foods.  I haven't ever gotten a cookie delivery (*nudge nudge, wink wink Hubster*) but I would think that'd be a solid Valentine's day present for a significant other you are enamored with (who is, of course, enamored with cookies) :)
<review# 1578,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,6/20/2010,18,102,2,6,6>This review was based on one visit (Jan 2010)What I tried: Chinese 5 spice duck and leek dumplings (steamed), shrimp, cilantro and jicama dumplings (steamed), ahi tuna nachos, shrimp and chicken salad (with lotus), ba noi egg rollsTasting Notes:When you think "egg rolls" (even Vietnamese style) you often think of grease and oil... Not the Ba Noi Egg Rolls.  They were light and crispy -- almost felt as though I was eating a delicate (savory) dessert than an appetizer.  The ahi tuna nachos combined the crispness of the nacho (which was more like a light flatbread and not a tex-mex nacho) with the texture of the ahi. They drizzled on the sauce (a sriracha and wasabi aioli which was good, but nothing to write home about) in the perfect amount over the nachos.The Chinese 5 Spice duck and leek dumplings were my favorite part of the meal, and probably some of the best/interesting dumplings I've ever had (I've eaten LOTS of dumplings all over Asia).  The filling was awesome-- decent chunks of duck with the perfect ratio of 5 spice (a lot of times restaurants let the 5 spice overpower the duck).Don't get the shrimp, cilantro, and jicama dumplings- they're not worth the $7.50.  I tried the duck dumplings first so I was expecting the shrimp to be more "chunky" -- instead, it seemed pureed and you almost couldn't tell it was shrimp.  Also, cilantro and jicama both have distinct flavors that do not mix.  I couldn't tell what I was supposed to be tasting at all.  Also, they badly pair the dumplings with a sweet&sour sauce-- we thought they would've gone better with a soy sauce-based sauce.I enjoyed the combo of textures in the Shrimp & Chicken Lotus Salad -- crunchy (lotus and carrot), tender (chicken), and plump (shrimp).   I love lotus, and I was pleasantly surprised by the quantity of raw (or maybe it lightly pickled?) lotus in the salad.  The dressing complemented the salad well - it added a slight zing but you could barely tell it was there.  Ambience: Really great space -- minimalist, clean, and full of light during the daytime.  It's an awesome space for a small lunch gathering (4 people max), a business lunch, or a lunch date.  I'm not sure how the place would feel at night though.Service: Friendly but can't vouch for efficiency -- we had several different servers attending to us but they were not in sync with each other even though it was not that busy when we went.  The owner came out to take care of us several times during our meal, but that might have been because the friend I was with knew her.Recommendation:I'm definitely coming back here because of the food quality and proximity to my place, but the pricing is a little too high for me to make it a regular joint.  I'm not a huge fan of asian-nonasian fusion (though I do enjoy cross-Asian fusion), but I think the food here is well thought out and well executed (brazilian/vietnamese).  I have yet to try the empanadas, and I'll have to go back soon just for those (and order some more duck and leek dumplings while I'm there).
<review# 1579,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2010,6/19/2010,273,298,11,8,11>I went to The Goat at a hardcore drinker's hour, 1:30pm on Easter Sunday. Only the truest of booze enthusiasts were in attendance. I thought The Goat was a little intimidating upon entering. Dreary, dark, freezing fucking cold, dingy, and kind of stinky. There were probably about 10 people in the bar, all over 40. They were kickin back brews and talking about the sure things they had for the night. One man stated that he had a PBR with eggs and hot sauce for breakfast. I spotted the internet jukebox that took credit cards and I was all over it. I'm not really good at reading the mood of the bar when I decide my playlist. After picking about 6 or 7 songs I go back to my seat and immediately regret my playlist. Did I really just chose to make these people listen to Lady Gaga's, Telephone? Shit. I buried my face in my hands while the music began. Luckily I was feeling like playing only sad bastard music after that so it calmed the Lady Gaga vibe. The people at The Goat were so friendly. This fall down drunk old man approached me and told me how beautiful my playlist was. Then another lady did the same. The bartender was an older lady that was the sweetest person ever. She could spot a mostly empty beer bottle from across the room.The Goat is so cheap. 2 dollar domestic bottles and shots of liquor cheap as dirt. I think we had about 7 or 8 beers and two shots for a grand total of 21 dollars. For your first time at The Goat, I recommend sitting at the bar and socializing with the regulars. I had such a good time here, I can't wait to go back.
<review# 1580,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,6/18/2010,384,355,3,11,10>I am never, I repeat, never up in Los Colinas for any reason whatsoever. In fact, I've lived in Dallas for 4 years and didn't even know how to get to Los Colinas until last night. Somehow, my good friend convinced me to head that way and meet up with some his more suburban friends. I was feeling open-minded so, "why not?!" Cadillac Ranch is in one of those newer shopping strips that are so popular in the burbs. I automatically give shopping strip restaurants negative points. There is something about them that just doesn't appeal to me. That being said, I was pretty shocked at how huge and nicely decorated the place was. We made our way through the main restaurant out to the enclosed bar area and found our friends sitting at the bar. We decided to post up and order some grub. The live music started playing and we decided it was better to not talk to each other than to try and shout over the music. I guess that's what we get for eating at the bar. We ordered the fried oysters, venison chili, and the rib-eye. I was a little shocked at the prices for this type of establishment (not to mention the prices were all over the place.) The oysters were around $12, cup of chili $7 and the rib-eye, 30 big ones! I had a better appreciation for the prices once I tried the food. While the oysters were only okay in my opinion (they needed some kind of dipping sauce), the venison chili brought the heat! More cheese and onions would have made it totally delish. The steak was one of the best I've ever had, no lie! It was served with garlicky, buttery fresh green beans and deliciously creamy mac-n-cheese (spiral noodles topped with bacon pieces.) The place was a weird mix of classy and classless (those bone-daddy-esque uniforms). If I'm ever in the LC again, I'm definitely stopping by for that rib-eye!
<review# 1581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2010,6/17/2010,213,499,8,11,9>Whew!  I am happy to report a nearly 5 star (let's say 4.5) dining experience at Abacus for Valentine's Day.  Oh, today is Valentine's Day?  Ok, you got me.  I am not from the future.  We went on Friday because my husband is working from now until 1pm tomorrow so dinner is kind of out today.  We had come to Abacus for Restaurant Week and were quite frankly not that impressed.  The lobster shooters did not put us under any magical spell, my lemon filet of sole was fantastic, but his short rib entree just tasted like my mom's pot roast (which is good, I've just had it a lot).  The desserts were the best part.But this time, our experience was the one I felt I should be expecting, based on the restaurant's reputation and that of Iron Chef Defeater Kent Rathbun.  We started with a pomegranate margarita for me and a dirty martini with blue cheese olives for him.  Both extra tasty.  My appetizer was the crispy seared foie gras atop a stack of tiny pancakes with a cranberry compote.  Alas, I think I am addicted to duck cruelty :(  But it was soooooo good.  Dr. S had the shrimp bisque which had a delicous flavor and the shrimp were perfect, but for some reason they went for textural contrast overkill and there were barely cooked peas and carrots in there as well.  I was not a huge fan of that, but the soup itself was delicious.OMG, how did I forget to mention the bread?!!?  The bread basket this time (as well as during RW) was suuuuper addicting.  I would venture to say one of the best bread baskets of all time...ALL TIME!!!  During RW my fave was the raisin walnut bread, this time it was a toss-up between the soft and fluffy onion cheese bread and the wee tiny biscuits that had a hint of spice in them.  Even the butter was a winner.  So much bread was consumed this night.Ok, back to the menu food.  I had the monkfish, which was disappointing.  It had a crispy skin that had a savory flavor profile, and was served atop a bed of a corn puree salad type thing, which had a sauce that tasted like it had maple syrup in it.  Too much maple syrup.  Normally I'm all for combining sweets n' salties but I didn't think this worked.  HOWEVER, my husband's lamb morrrrrrrrre than made up for it.  He had a rack of lamb with some olive couscous ragout type thingie.  The lamb was easily the best lamb of all time...ALL TIME!!!!  It wasn't an innovative style or anything because lamb is best simply prepared, it was just perfect.  Crispy crunchy exterior, PERFECT medium rare center.  And they had the PERFECT amount of fat in them.  I could eat this every day.  Easy.Our sides were a tempura baby bok choy with ginger soy (AWESOME) and the mac and cheese with applewood smoked bacon (SO AWESOME).  I have yet to have Hattie's or Hibiscus' mac and cheese (whichever one people claim is the best, I always forget) but this was the best mac n' cheez I'VE ever had (yes, of ALL TIME).  I could have taken a very sensual bath in this stuff.  Excuse me for a moment while I daydream...OK, back and on to dessert.  Goat cheese tart.  Yes.  It came accompanied with a winter fruit medley of cumquat marmelade, pomegranate seeds, and a supertart ruby red grapefruit sorbet scoop (that had real pieces of grapefruit in it).  It was not as good as Stephan Pyles' goat cheese cheesecake, but it was definitely the second best goat cheese dessert I've had (and far and away better than the goat cheese gelato garbage I had thanks to Mario "My Food Tastes Like Ass" Batali...yes, I'm still bitter).  Flavors melded perfectly, and my tastebuds were in heaven.Unfortunately, the server promptly ruined that by serving us chocolate caramel bonbons with the check.  Damnit, lure of free food!!!  I'm not a chocolate person and I was pissed off that I ate it because it ruined the flavors I was savoring.  I appreciate free, and I think people who enjoy chocolate would have loved it, but I was tempted to order another goat cheese tart.So, all in all, I don't really take off many points for RW because I think it's hard for them to showcase their best stuff on the "cheap."  Our dinner was nearly perfect; minus half a star for the monkfish but I would order everything else again without hesitation.  I have a feeling we will be back pretty soon.
<review# 1582,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/27/2009,6/16/2010,148,98,6,10,6>I went back to Bliss for Round Two to see what the delio is now that they have been open for a few months. So a few key points: 1- Yes they are still open. 2- The food was good:      The Gazpacho was awesome!      The Asian Noodle dish was great too! 3- There was a guy there that didn't have shoes on. Like walked in off      of the street without them and left the same way he came in. Kinda      gross. 4- Sorry to say but these guys still kind don't know what they are      doing operation wise.        a- True their hours of operation are better: 11-10pm Mon-Sat and             11-4 on Sunday.        b- But the food still comes out pretty slow, they only have 10             tables in there and they were apologizing to people coming in             saying they just had a "rush". One: I don't care. Two: I was             there...and that was no rush. (Okay so maybe not having            caffeine, meat, carbs or alcohol for 5 days now has me a bit            cranky.)        c- They are getting a new menu. So instead of waiting until said            menus are in-house, they are crossing off items they are out            of. About 1/4 of the food items were crossed off. Sorry but            unacceptable. What is it about this overpriced place that draws me back?! Maybe it's my curiosity as to how they make crust out of seeds or noodles out of seaweed. Whatever it is, I'm sure I'll be back.
<review# 1583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2009,6/15/2010,92,346,6,8,8>Apparently vegetarian blood breeds killer mosquitos, because everyone in my group was inflicted with unusually itchy bites while we ate.  Definitely try to go in non-mosquito season, whenever that is.That said, definitely check this place out!  You'll want to lock your doors and roll up your windows as you drive to its location on a residential street near Fair Park, but as soon as you walk inside, you'll be surrounded by peaceful aromas and smiling faces.  Everyone who works here is so nice, and they'll let you wander through the adjoining temple (barefoot) if you're curious.When you walk in, make a left and then a right.  Ta-da!  There's the food!  Well, what are you waiting for?  Don't hesitate, just pick up a plate and dive in.  There's no wait system or maitre'd.  Check the board (or the website before you go) for today's offerings if you want, but really, you should try everything -- it's all delicious.  Don't let descriptions like "soy nuggets" scare you away.  Some dishes are spicier than others, but nothing was painfully spicy.Whatever you do, do NOT miss the bread section.  The flat bread is awesomely interesting, and their cinnamon raisin bread is to-die-for.  I literally had three pieces and felt like a total pig for going back for more, but not so much that it stopped me.  Stare all you want, health freaks.  I'm not a vegetarian, and I'm sure not on a diet.  (Note: despite the fact that this is a vegetarian restaurant, I enjoyed it thoroughly...don't let the lack of meat keep you away, because the flavors are fantastic.)At the end of the meal, someone will bring you your check (I believe it's under $10/person for the dinner buffet) and ask you if you want dessert.  Yes.  You want dessert.  Do not debate this.  I prefer the rice pudding over the halvah, but ask for both if you want.  Go nuts.  Then don't show your face there again for a while.  They're probably still talking about that girl who ate about a half-loaf of the cinnamon bread.
<review# 1584,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2010,6/14/2010,51,25,32,23,17>That time you played "raw steak keep-away" with the local unleashed pitbull will seem like a STROKE OF BLEEDING GENIUS if you make the weighty mistake of passing this place by. Burger Bueno is a liar and a thief. It lies by looking all forgettable on the outside yet sporting a clean, modern interior inside. Burger Bueno is a thief because once you sample the cuisine here, your previous good burger memories will be wadded up and thrown away and you will LOATHE those other places because they are not Burger Bueno, and never will be.Let's get down to brass tacks: As mentioned previously, the owners are greek and they have one hell of a grill cook. The burgers here are absolutely gargantuan (2 people sharing a burger is not uncommon here), and most are under five bucks. The patties here are hand-formed, topped with a bit of greek grill seasoning, and are flame-grilled. The bacon is thick-cut, smoky, and crunchy, and my favorite burger sports grilled and lightly caramelized onions, grilled jalapenos, cheese, and fresh lettuce and tomatoes. This is the only burger I have not wanted ketchup with. Ketchup came up to me, all cocky, started to take off her top and I was like "BACK UP OFF ME, HO! Burger takes care of me now." The line cook looked up at this outburst. No matter how good the burger, though, I must admit that I originally came here for the rumors of the gyros. I've been looking all over town for a good one, and the few I've been able to find are overpriced and underwhelming. Burger Bueno simply offers the best gyro I've ever had. For five bucks (the magic price point for food), you are given an enormous two-hands-needed grill-warmed pita piled high to overflowing with succulent slow-cooked gyro meat (beef and lamb mixture), lettuce, tomato, onion, and refreshing cucumber sauce. I should not eat this whole thing in one sitting but I do. I should not karate-chop salmon as they jump upstream to their spawning beds but I do (or at least I want to). The fries here are a mixed bag: they are thin-cut, and the first time I had them they were soft and too oily. The next time I tried them (mooching off a friend's plate), they were crisp, hot, and sprinkled with an unidentified but awesome spice. Maybe the initial batch got stage fright and just couldn't perform?The onion rings are beer-battered, golden, and very good, though after my gyro, I was too full to properly enjoy them. There are some other options here that are quite delicious. The chicken sandwiches are 1/2 lb marinated breast fillets grilled to perfection, and topped with the aforementioned heavenly bacon or a slew of other toppings. The chicken florentine sandwich looks particularly good as it is served with grilled fresh spinach, but I haven't gotten to it yet.The buffalo strips were probably my least favorite thing here. The sauce is quite tasty, but the strips are relatively small, unbreaded, and the same price as a burger. I got these and was instantly jealous of everyone else's food and their lives and the world at large. Put your money elsewhere. For me, burgers fall into two categories: the small, greasy-spoon variety that are superbly done at places like Keller's, and the large, gourmet burger done at places like Twisted Root and others. In my opinion, Burger Bueno outstrips the competition in the gourmet category by offering a supremely sublime burger, topped with fresh ingredients, and the best gyros in town. You! Put down that chapstick!You! Unhand that mailbox!You! Burn your novel-in-progress!Do all these things and head straight over to Burger Bueno, the only friend you will ever need (until you need coronary bypass surgery).
<review# 1585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2009,6/13/2010,150,120,12,11,8>Is Keith really Kevin Smith? Or is Kevin Smith really Keith?Whatever- both are awesome, sexical men.  I discovered Keiths when my local shop told me they don't sell my favorite comic because it is too "controversial" "violent, and "twisted".  WTF?  Its a book. Anywho.  They recommended Keiths, and boy am I thrilled because apparently Keith has no moral compass (+1!) just like me.He carries whatever the fuck he wants and that is a LOT of stuff :)You've got your typtical animenerd fare at the front, and the cute dolls and novelties so girlfriends don't blow their heads off while waiting for their boyfriend to pick out the new Capn' comic. But toward the back you have shelves covered in the most awesome comic selections ever.  I get graphic novels, personally..not a fan of the thin 10 page once-a-week "comic book", but he has a plethora of them. The graphic novel selection is great and I was able to find many things I've had to special order at other stores.Best part is, Keith kicks ass.  He and his staff have a vast knowledge of all things geeky. He was so good I bought the book I was orginally going in for plus like two others that I've never heard of- because hes good like that :)
<review# 1586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2009,6/12/2010,73,357,5,7,6>I went back planning to just get my cupcake on again but then I was distracted  by what appeared to be the world's biggest petit four...it was the size of a cupcake, but a cube.  Inside was their chocolate cake and very light whippy chocolate frosting, outside was a hardened chocolate coating...SO good.  The moral of my story is that if you feel tempted to venture out from the cupcakes, DO IT!  In his case, it worked out really really well!
<review# 1587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2010,6/11/2010,290,376,4,12,7>After Nikki B's 03/05 review, bookmarked this spot. Close to my 'hood, wanted to check it out. Received an email this morning as an "A-List member" for half price food all day, & HH all day & all night. After an exploratory trip to the new Aldi Grocery (separate review), while in the vicinity, thought I would give it a try. Awwww, this place was my former N. Dallas fave Italian, Pregos Pasta. Wonderful memories. Loved to come here on a quiet Sunday, watch a game & savor some great pasta & outstanding service by Rory. (Wish I knew where she was today! She is a real pet lover, had several of her own, cats and dogs! My kinda folk!) Pregos closed (temporarily) about a year ago after a "plumbing issue", & never reopened. RIP Pregos North Dallas, I loved you! Never have made it to the Greenville location. Wow, still the same beautiful dark mahogany woods, brass & striking bar. But, there have been some changes. The bar has been expanded from a long straight bar to an extension outward, making for a wide U-shaped area. Very nice. About 20 beers on tap, with over 100 bottled beers, most of which I didn't recognize. There was one, a Chocolate Beer; .anyone know about this? Chocolate & beer, an interesting combination. I only have an occasional Stella or a Heineken once or twice a year so am totally uneducated. Give me a red wine or TS Margarita! The seating in the bar area is high top tables directly adjacent to the bar, There are 3 small flat screen tv's; ESPN was on today; I wouldn't think this would be a great spot for sports watching unless you were seated at the bar because of the division of the bar & dining room. The bar is separated from the dining room with a high rise wall, about 4.5 ft, with booths on the inside & perimeter of the walls in the dining area & tables in the middle. The booths in the dining room on the perimeter are against what previously were  large windows which have been covered in sheets of distressed woods; I suppose to create a more dim, darker "PUB" atmosphere. The outside booths have raised backs, about 6 ft, with an overhang, that gives a feel of a "roof", creating a really "private" dining experience for an intimate evening with your BFF's, or significant SO. Also, in the back corner of the dining area is a cozy "Library" nook with black leather couches & shelves of books. Great place for a small group to gather or an intimate party of two. Very small patio at the entrance for smokers.I first seated myself in the dining area in a large interior booth; this area is rather secluded, & when I sat in one of these booths, I sunk really way down from the table top. I felt I needed a booster seat. It was sorta claustrophobic.; I couldn't see over the almost 5 ft wall. So, I moved to a comfy seat at the bar, which was much more open, lighted by a few windows by the entrance. Much more appealing for dining solo.Lauren, my friendly bartender brought my house Merlot. & took my order. I decided on the Pizza Supreme, with Pepperoni, Sausage, Onions, Mushrooms, Black Olives, Bell Peppers (which I omitted; BURP for hours afterwards, no thanks) & added tomatoes. Lauren advised me they "make their pizzas from scratch, so it will take a while, but they are delicious". I t took about 25 minutes for my pizza, but I was in no rush. I appreciated her telling me this up front. The Chef delivered the HUGE pizza; I ordered the small; it was a 12 inch pizza. Enough for 2 people, if not 3 small appetites, cut into rectangles rather than pie slices, which I like. A nice crispy thin crust; slightly browned around the edges, with a small amount of grease, but not offensively so. Toppings were generous & tasty, after adding some red pepper flakes & Parmesan. Only thing I might do differently next time, is to request a little more sauce. Otherwise, a definite 3.5. It's not Louie's, Eno's or Pizzarella, but I enjoyed it. A nice touch, the Chef came back to check to see how I liked the pizza. Way to go folks, ask for your patrons' input!  He laughed, saying "I guess you want a to go box". Yep! Hope it freezes well, (my new microwave really heats up pizza nice & crispy) some for lunch tomorrow, some for another day. A reminder - 1/2 price  food  Thursday - my pizza was $6.75. My HH wine was $3.75. Other beer, well & drink specials daily. On another note, on Thursdays, after 1700, all cheese pizzas are $2.00 plus $1.00 for each topping. And again, HH all day & all night on Thursday. There are also other specials other days of the week. Check out their web site. Don't forget the Irish Pub fare; corned beef & cabbage; fish & chips; Shepard's pie; something different  to try. Malarkey's offers a frequent diner card; 5 lunches & the 6th one is free. Also they have lunch specials @ 6.95. Today was chicken strips, fries and Cole slaw. A friendly & very welcoming spot to drop in for a libation or a snack Good apps. Great service, nice atmosphere, relaxing & comfortable.
<review# 1588,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2009,6/10/2010,226,292,14,18,20>I feel embarrassed I literally grew up 2 blocks from Deli News and didn't find out about it until just now. My buddy brought me here with the promise it was one of the closest things you could get to a classic New York style Jewish deli. He was right. We made it up here last Sunday and after a couple minutes the five of us were able to grab a table and begin our adventure. I love that they serve pickles as an appetizer. We must have run through 5 or 6 bowls while trying to decide on what to order. Once I'd had enough pickles to calm my growling stomach long enough to read the menu, I had to decide between breakfast and lunch. . .not an easy task.The breakfast menu was loaded with everything from waffles and pancakes to eggs and build-your-own omelettes (pastrami omelette anyone?) to breakfast sandwiches and traditional lox and bagels.The table next to us ordered breakfast and one look at the eggs benedict had me hooked until I made the fatal mistake of flipping over to the lunch menu. Holy corned beef, Batman! Everything from turkey, pastrami and salami to the more adventurous tongue and chopped liver. . .it was literally a smorgasbord of gout inducing glory! Not to mention all the smoked fish, blintzes, burgers, pirogi and borscht!  I changed my mind about 80 times until finally settling on the grilled salmon on a kaiser roll. I was not disappointed, the salmon was seasoned surprisingly well and served piping hot while still staying moist. They even got me to eat the garlic dill mayo they put on it despite my strict "F You Mayo" life policy. I devoured it all in about two bites which afforded me time to snake off everyone else's plates. The corned beef is why I'll be returning for lunch in the immediate future. . .the pickling seasoning was just right and the metric ton of meat and cheese they stuffed onto that poor defenseless slice of bread was beautiful. It was kosher deli meat sex in my mouth (can I say that?). The hot cabbage borscht was the best borscht I've ever had (out of 3 samples in my lifetime. . .maybe the trick was adding the sour cream), the combo sandwiches were able to prove too much of a meal to a 250lb man and you can never go wrong with pastrami slathered in Russian dressing. Our final tablemate opted for the eggs benedict and said it was the best he's had in a long time (I guess I'll have to come back for breakfast, too).For the amount of food you get, the prices are insanely fair ($8-12 for the most part). I walked in with an empty stomach and fairly low expectations, but I left discussing plans to make this a weekly trip and a couple new homemade notches in my belt. Well played, Deli News, well played.
<review# 1589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,6/9/2010,125,194,12,11,10>OK, I am a lemming, I keep hearing about this Pho pho-nomenon (see what I did there?) and I had to check out this hangover-curing, sick-healing, delicious miracle soup. I used my trusty YELP app on my Palm Pre and found this place close to my school around dinner time. I walk in to the unassuming, no frills place. It was not very full, but there were Asians eating there, which is always a good sign. I ordered 2 Large Pho with chicken. (I don't eat a lot of red meat and tendon just did not sound good to me considering I had just left my Anatomy/physiology class). The food came out to go in about 2 minutes flat, cost me $13 and I was out the door. I like this already.I get home and the BF and I look at our containers of broth, chicken, noodles, and veggies bewildered. We say fuck it and dump in everything in the box ( except the cilantro for me and the jalapenos for him). Added a little hoisin sauce and a little too much sriacha and we dug in. O....M....G.....how have I been missing out on this deliciousness for so long? It was flavorful, soothing and satisfying. I could only finish half too because it was so filling, so for $6.50 I have 2 meals! The BF slurped all of his up and then licked the bowl. The verdict? We will be eating a lot more pho. Pho sho.
<review# 1590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2010,6/8/2010,462,279,29,41,21>Listen up, ladies.  It's time we talked boobs.  Whether you have big ones or little ones, chances are pretty good that you're wearing the wrong sized bra.  But don't worry, I have the solution.  Loretta's Intimates.If you've never been fitted for a bra, your first time will be a little unsettling.  Having someone your mom's (or grandma's) age handle your chichis is bound to leave you a little embarrassed.  But the professional ladies at Loretta's Intimates are there to help you find that perfect match and the only way to accomplish that is to try on as many bras as it takes.  And they know exactly what fits and what doesn't - no matter what you may think.  Trust me, after you've tried on 20 bras, you won't even notice and you'll probably even appreciate the help.These bras don't run cheap, but they are of excellent quality.  Many come straight from France - they do know boobs - and quality is always worth paying a little more.In addition to bras, Loretta's sells just about every other unmentionable you could...well, mention.  Panties, lingerie, shapewear, sleepwear, swimwear, and an array of accessories.  They even have a wonderful lingerie soap that is very gentle on your clothes.So, before you squeeze yourself into a bra off the sales rack at a department store, let the ladies at Loretta's Intimates help you.  Your boobs will thank me.p.s. The map is completely wrong.  Loretta's is outside Collin Creek Mall, down the strip from Subway.
<review# 1591,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2009,6/7/2010,193,345,10,15,7>Yep, I'm a fan.  Didn't change my life, but earned 4 stars:You'd think I'd learn after my last experience of calling a salon the day of, just because I want my hair done...doing my hair is a pain, so randomly I will just go get a haircut for the sole purpose of having someone do it for me.Here's the important stuff:  I am not shopping for a "salon home" - I have that at Osgood.  But that is A) primarily for color  B) because my BFF is my colorist and that's where she works but C) it's too far away when I just want a last minute salon appt close to my house.  Also,  I don't really care what my hair looks like, I don't know how to do anything with it so I just wear it in a ponytail constantly and about every 2 years I cut it all off.  Then I let it grow back.  Repeat.  This means when I go to a salon I just say, "do what you want" and hope for the best.  Friday afternoon I called Live, asked if they had any openings, and Jana said - just come by, we'll fit you in.  Score.  I had just called Blow, and they said, sorry no dice - and made no effort to schedule me for another time.  The pros: FRIENDLY - can't tell you enough how nice everyone was, and you could tell they all enjoy working together and taking care of their clientsFUNKY - this place totally reminded me of a NY salon - no frills, very industrial and edgy, which means no soccer moms or Dallas Divas :)RESULTS - my hair looks great, the stylist was knowledgeable and explained everything (although I don't really care bc no matter what they say, I know in my heart of hearts that they merely use black magic and I will never be able to recreate the look no matter how hard I try) She told me a lot about the products they use - which my bf uses but I'm not really a huge fan of myself - but didn't try to sell me, so I felt like I was in good hands. The cons:PARKINGThe parking is definitely an issue, which I already knew from going to the nail salon next door for a couple years now.  If you go in the middle of the day, you may have a chance to park somewhere along the front, but if you happen to go anywhere close to happy hour, consider yourself F'ed.  Jana was determined to get me in so she hooked me up with a little sly parking action. (Great customer service!) Parking limitation isn't their fault, just a neighborhood issue that you need to be aware of if you are going at a peak time.  I think she mentioned they are considering adding Valet, so hopefully that will help out.  PRICEYOnce again, I go into a hair appointment without any thought of asking how much it's gonna cost me.  When I was finished, I discovered that the person who cut my hair usually charges $100 (seriously, I am confused by this!) but luckily I was charged a lower rate as a first time customer.  Very nice gesture - I will say that at least this $100 hair cut came with a great styling session - my hair was camera ready after she was done with me!  HOWEVER I still think a person should say "hey you know we charge $100 for haircuts up in this biatch" before I sit in the chair.  I have always paid in the $100s for highlights/color , but cuts? It's not like I'm going to Regis either, my salon was named Best Salon in Dallas MORE than once.  And I have yet to pay more than $60 for a cut.   I guess it may also have to do with the size of the salon. If only 3 people work there, they are likely the owners - hence the higher prices.   I think that's the deal with a larger salon having better prices, I don't care if the person cutting my hair is 2 yrs in vs 20...it's not heart surgery - hair grows back! I'm just in it for the head massage and the blow out 90% of the time. Overall thoughts - yes I will likely go back, Sakyra made my hair look fab (for the whole night and the day after, I might add!) and gave a great head massage during the shampoo - which is a huge basis on which I judge hair people by!!I don't think I would pay $100 for a haircut (no color!) on a regular basis, but who knows.  I definitely need a good standby in the neighborhood that I can pop into whenever I'm too lazy to work on this frizz mop for a night out, so they may see me again soon!
<review# 1592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2009,6/6/2010,443,598,9,11,10>I've moved back to the area and the roommates and I came here for some grub since all of our kitchen stuff is still in boxes. Asian Mint had a couple of drink specials on this Thursday night and we went with the Chocolatinis. Yes, we drank chick drinks. Don't knock it until you try it, fools! These Chocolatini chick drinks were superb! My roommate thought there was too much alky in it however, I thought it needed more. Or the drink was made just right if I couldn't taste the alky. Anyways, the chocolatey-ness of the drink was awesome!To start off food wise we went with the Mint Platter that came with some chicken satay, chicken summer rolls, and veggie egg rolls.  I liked the lightly grilled chicken satay the best since it was on a stick! Chicken on a stick? Come on, it's got to be good! The platter also came with 3 sauces, but I only tried the peanut sauce. The peanut sauce could have used a bit more freshly chopped nuts because more nuts are always good.As for my main dish, I had ordered the Pad See Lew. This dish was very abundant in flat noodles that were swimming in a wealth of flavor from the beef sauces gushing out from the flavorful beef. I had shared this dish with my roommates and all thought that just the noodles in the beef sauce alone was delish! Just because we're guys doesn't mean we don't eat our veggies. The Pad See Lew also came with bok choy and broccoli. I was a good boy and ate all my veggies! As if I wasn't hungry enough, I also tried some of their Spicy Tuna. Their Spicy Tuna, was very weak. Weak as in not very spicy at all. I could give this to a baby and the baby would throw this in your face because it wasn't spicy at ALL! Anyways, just dip it in your mixture of soy sauce and wasabi and it's good as it can get. I have a new respect for this place since it's one of the few non-fast food joints in the area and it's Asian Fusion! Oooooooooh.
<review# 1593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,6/5/2010,259,232,11,11,12>Let me just say this: 5 stars for the kitschy, swanky, sexy Brady Bunch decor. Love the tropical wallpaper, the red concrete floors, the lighting, the plants, even the bathroom!The vibe: packed on a Tuesday night. Huge line for valet. Bitches who need stitches everywhere. Well-dressed gays. No hobos, unfortunately.Whether you sit outside surrounded by exotic plants or inside surrounded by exotic boob jobs, you have lots to look at. But enough about the decor, let's talk shop.Drinks: Fun names, expensive prices. The Marcia Marcia Marcia was an embarrassingly girlie Prosecco drink that you could easily drink six of and still walk a straight line. I felt like a bitch just holding it...in a good way! The Jagger Lips was a little too chunky smoothie-like, but still good. The cucumber and gin drink (forgot the name) was quite refreshing. I felt like saying, "Tally  ho!" and going to a polo match.Food: the shrimp shooters ($3 each) were great. The mussels (much raved about on here) were good. Not pee-in-your-pants-good, but good. The portion was big enough for three people easily.We also ordered the Meze Platter--which I enjoyed. You have to really like Mediterranean food to be into it. Black bean Hummus, Babaganoush, Tabouleh salad & grilled flatbread. You definitely don't want to breathe on anyone after it though. I think next time I would get something more fun...like the Swedish meatballs.Dessert...was great. I wish I hadn't been so damn full to enjoy it. We got the bread pudding with Granny Smith apples and a green apple housemade sherbert. Wowza!Service was attentive, too. I would recommend this place when you're dressed up, feelin' fancy, want to spend some money, and have a group of girls or gays.
<review# 1594,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2010,6/4/2010,569,258,5,7,10>This location isn't as nice as the other even though they both could us a makeover.  Where else can you get a great double cheeseburger to $2.50.  The food is always fast and great plus you want a beer well have at it.  The service is good and the staff is always attentive.  I know this location always has lots of cars there enjoying the beer as much as the food.  This is a no nonsense type of place your not coming to eat here for the ambiance your just coming to eat a good burger at an even better price.  The place can look pretty rough at times and the weekends it can be crazy packed with people hanging out in the parking lot doing lots of drinking.  I come here to eat and maybe have a beer I don't look at this place as where I will be drinking for the night.  I'm just trying to get full and keep it moving.
<review# 1595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2009,6/3/2010,281,210,5,11,10>Yay! I'm so glad my sister and I came here. We've been trying to get memorial tattoos together forever, but since we live in different states, it's hard to coordinate. We had an appointment this past Sunday at 2 and brought in our print-outs of the general shape we wanted. She got a dragonfly and I got a lotus flower. Jason did both of our tattoos. For the first hour, he drew up our sketches. He gave really good advice about what colors would look good and how to incorporate text. He studied the shape of dragonflies to make sure my sister's tattoo would be anatomically correct! We really appreciated his efforts to make both our tattoos exactly as we wanted them. We're both super detail-oriented, so an anatomically correct bug gets big points in my book!My lotus flower is the bomb! The color is perfection. I'm so happy with my experience here. They are VERY clean. All the tools and work areas were completely sanitized between tattoos. I felt very comfortable and safe getting a tattoo at Saints and Sinners! :)
<review# 1596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2009,6/2/2010,120,67,10,12,13>The service - AWESOME! The wait staff was uber-friendly, willing to help, I think we had one of the most awesome waiters of all time (though I could have sworn there were 2). The owner was very sincere and sat and chatted with our group for quite some time, he was very personable and open - that is always refreshing. Plus, how often does an owner come out and just shoot the shit, ya know? Don't take that the wrong way, he was still very professional, he was curious as to how our experience was, etc. It's nice to know he does care about his business and future of his business.Onto the food. Holy crap, I didn't know they made onions the size of The Titanic - I swear the huge onion rings came from an onion THAT big. They were definitely nomworthy, but as I'm not a fan of all that is onion - I only had one. I only ordered these because the Yelpers I came with ordered the other appetizers I thought looked yum-o, so my lame review of the onion rings does not do them justice. Thanks to the generosity of Yelpers I got to try Loaded Cheese Fries (cheddar, jalapenos, smoked bacon, chives and ranch on the side) and ohdearGod keep those away from me, I will shove all of these in my mouth and die from suffocation merely trying to swallow this blob of fries coated in cheddar cheese melty, jalapeno-y, bacon-y goodness.(Insert dramatic sigh here) I wish I saw the joy of ciabatta bread hamburgers, but it's just not my thing, sorry Yelplandia. The whole sponge-like consistency paired with oil drippings from the burger and red blood just made my stomach turn. I should have gone with my gut and ordered my burger well done, but in a lame attempt to fit in with everyone I ordered it medium - with every bite I could hear the cow mooing in pain and my stomach turning. Despite the bloody burger, the ciabatta bread bun just doesn't work for me - at all, blood or not. I ordered the Black & Bleu burger and the cheese... well, it was just overpowering, I couldn't taste any of the cajun spices, if there really was any to begin with.KJB, I love ya and I will be back and maybe update with another review.
<review# 1597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2010,6/1/2010,147,117,15,19,15>Here's the deal....When a friend of yours, who you trust in the way of the food, AND has Taco in his Yelp title, tells you he has found a taco place better than your current favorite....You go there, immediatly, no questions asked.And that, my friends, is how I ended up at 24/7 Taco for lunch today.  It's in a gas station that has more cerveza inside, than i have ever seen in one place.  Half of this place is a wall of beverages and snacks, and the other half is a little taqueria with tables and chairs.  They have a wide selection of tacos including beef, chicken, pastor, carnitas and brisket.  The 3 tacos with rice and beans special for $4.99, is an ample amount of food.  I went with 2 brisket and one carnitas.  The brisket was great, very juicy and tangled up with peppers and onions.  The carnitas was tender and had a very nice, smokey flavor.  The rice and beans were better than pedestrian, and the limes, onions and cilantro were all as fresh as could be.  The sauces were really good, but remember, Green mean Go, Red mean HOT.Make the trip out to ole Garland, the Land of Gar, The city where Zombieland begins, and get a couple slices of life at 24/7.  Don't mind the thrift store graveyard, or the gaggle of men waiting for "work".  I do have to say, this place got 4 stars, my favorite has 5, IJS TACO.
<review# 1598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2010,5/31/2010,213,158,16,15,13>Do I have something to add to my last review? Um....if you call finding one the best burgers I've had in Dallas "a little something to add"....then......YES.So, if you are a friend of Lee Harvey's on facebook, you know that at 2pm every day, they do the "Lee Harvey's facebook friend of the day" contest....first person to respond on their status update gets a free cocktail and entree that evening. I had noticed this a few times, thought it was a cool idea...and one day I refreshed my facebook and there at the top popped up that post. No responders yet. SO I just typed "Yay" in the field and sure enough, I won. Free dinner? Yes please! I always considered this t be a place to go when teh weather was nice, since the inside is so small.....but I did remember that they have fire pits going outside in the yard, etc. Lance and I head out there, find a booth, I look over the menu but already knew that I was going to use my free entree to try this famous burger I've heard about. It was Monday, dollar taco night, So lance ordered 4 tacos......two fish tacos and two ribeye tacos. The food was delivered, and we were both amazed by the size and look of my hellacious burger. The tacos were kinda puney, but hey, they were only $1.....the ribeye tacos were decent, kind of bland...the fish tacos were better due to the chipotle sauce they had on them.NOw for the main story...that BURGER! Holy crap, the bun was almost sweet and had melted butter on the top...and perfectly toasted. The meat was thick, cooked medium like I ordered it, and the kind of juicy that has you rolling up your sleeves and using multiple thick napkins. I put all the fixins on it, the lettuce, tomatoes, red onion and sweet pickles....spread a tiny bit of mayo on the bun.....and then inhaled that thing. Lance took a bite and couldn't speak for about 5 minutes.....and than all he COULD talk about was how surprisingly good that burger was. Being the good girlfriend that I am, I cut him off another quarter of the burger to have....and he relished every bite. After a good time talking about how he had no idea they had this burger, or even served food for that matter, I filled him in that the next evening was actually half-price burger night. So what did we do? You guessed it.....hoofed it back up there the next night and each got our own juicy burger. This burger is in my top 3 of Dallas burgers. Haven't had it yet? That's your own fault, moron.
<review# 1599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,5/30/2010,621,968,21,13,16>W T F happened?  Seriously, W T F?  If you find yourself saying this on a Monday morning, then you may have been at the Hidden door on Sunday.  Holy shit, what a den of iniquity!My hair guy invited me to come hang out at the Hidden Door, so me, the BF, Lisa P and others decided to give it a try after a few drinks at the Grapevine.  From the outside it looks like a windowless dive and when you get inside that is definitely what it is.  Dark.  Packed full of a LOT of drunk dudes.  Why are they drunk?  Sunday is BEER BUST!  Draft beer is 50 cents I think and everyone is drinking it.  You can also order your favorite liquor treat as well and they make them almost as strong as the Loon.Go out to the patio and enjoy checking out all the dudes hanging out.  The patio is packed as well and a lot of dudes have their shirt off advertising their wares.  The crowd is friendly and also a little sassy - and many of them are not scared to try and sneak a peek of your BFs goods hehehe  After a few hours of the cheap beer or your liquor treats you will not remember leaving or how you got home and you will wake up today like I did...thinking "W T F happened yesterday??"  The Hidden Door will take your boring Sunday and turn it into a Sunday Funday you won't remember - but you'll hear you had fun!
<review# 1600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2009,5/29/2010,54,243,2,7,5>Expecatations high, execution as expected!Samar was on the docket for Saturday, 11/28...Since Samar doesn't take reservations, we thought it best to arrive at a relatively early time to procure a wait-less or short wait dinner time.  We were quickly escorted to our tables in the main dining area, and were immediately greeted by Alex, our phenomenal server for the evening.Originally, we had assumed that Samar was a fusion type joint, but as it turns out, three different cuisine menus grace this place.  Spanish, Indian and what I believe to be Eastern Mediterranean (sp) were what awaited us.  We were off to the races...clearly, the tapas portion sized dishes were carefully designed and plated...case in point: the tres vasos, a collaboration of three wonderfully unique tapas, all layered with multiple ingreidients.  The one that stood prominent with me was the foie gras flan (foie gras and flan, together?  Heaven on Earth say you?)...oh my.  Several additional treats included the lamb 'pizza' which more aptly resembled a lamb quesadilla in appearance (wonderful), a zesty chicken kabob, curried I believe...if I would have written this review on Saturday night after we were done, it would be completely comprehensive (is that redundant?) but hey, I really couldn't find fault or anything to comparatively critique.  A wonderful experience.A note about our server, Alex....Stephen Pyles was making the rounds during our dinner; we snagged him for a good 5 minutes, and I made sure to recognize the exemplary service provided to us by Alex, who, at clearly a very young age, has mastered the nuances of social interaction more so than most folks twice his age.  Using him as the model to hire future customer-facing employees would be a wise thing to do!  All in all, a wonderful experience that was topped off with a relatively modest tab.
<review# 1601,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2009,5/28/2010,160,285,5,5,5>This place I love because I was raised eating at this restaurant.  #1 must get item if you go here, green bean tofu.  Hot damn!  #2 cheese lobster.  I loves me some lobster yo!I never have any qualms when someone says "hey let's go eat at caravelle." I respond "How high?!?"Anyways, everything I have had here is delicious.  I have had only one bad experience in my life here when I was a kid, and I don't care.  One of my favorite places.
<review# 1602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/27/2009,5/27/2010,71,207,2,6,5>After asking on the Yelp forums for a place to have a nice Christmas Eve lunch with my boyfriend and my mom, I made a reservation at Kenny's.  Yelpers can never do me wrong!!First off, while the hostess was a little cold and "here's your table whatever I don't care", the waitress was amazing.  I forget her name so I can't give her a public "yay!", but she was very professional while also being enthusiastic and friendly.  I had no idea what tenderloin crostinis were, and the menu wasn't much help, so we asked - and they were DELICIOUS.  Little pieces of filet mignon on top of toasty bread with a glace and bernaise sauce.  The waitress asked if we'd like to add a sixth piece so there was no fighting over the last crostini.  I'm not sure how much extra we were charged for it, cause, well, Mom paid.  But regardless, it was worth it because they were delicious and there would have been a total catfight over crostinis.I had the filet mignon, which I ordered medium rare.  I always have problems with ordering steak at restaurants - usually, I order it medium rare and it comes out almost well-done.  Here, it was cooked to perfection.  I had the adult mac and cheese, at Yelpers' recommendations, and it was so, so awesome.  Mom ordered the salmon, while my boyfriend had the trout - they claimed it was all delicious as well.Now, while all of us were full, I knew this place had to have awesome desserts to go with the awesome food, so we ordered the creme brulee and bread pudding to share.  We didn't specify that we'd be sharing, but the waitress brought us three spoons anyway, which was quite perceptive and considerate, I thought.  The bread pudding came with some vanilla ice cream, and I don't know if it's homemade but it was quite tasty.  The creme brulee was nice, but I favored the bread pudding - a perfect blend of sweet and cinnamon-y warm goodness.The atmosphere was awesome for me - small, cozy, not snobby even though it's a nice place.  Definitely a place I'd go again for a special occasion (or if I somehow come into boatloads of money and can afford it)!
<review# 1603,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/28/2010,5/26/2010,193,459,4,6,5>You could say I am still a fan of the place: huge menu, late hours, fair prices. However, my advice is AVOID THE PHO. We tried it because it was buy 2 bowls get 1 free and we conveniently had 3 people; $11 for 3 bowls of  pho!?! Not so excellent. The broth was flavorless so we had to add a ton of fish sauce and other condiments to add any resemblance of "pho" flavor at all. They weren't cheap with the meat or noodles but it was just lacking so much flavor. To top it off I'm pretty sure there was a ton of MSG. Don't worry Bistro B, I will still come to eat, just not pho.**TIP: As most of you know, they have awesome Vietnamese style eggrolls for 25 cents each if you buy them to-go at the counter. They charge you $2.50-$3.50 for around 4 of them if you order off the menu when seated (comes with a few pickled veggies and fish sauce). Andrew T. taught us to buy the eggrolls at the counter and bring them back to your table. Saves you $1-2 depending on how many you buy. They charge another 50 cents or so for a small container of fish sauce if you want. Brilliant!**
<review# 1604,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/25/2010,5/25/2010,255,323,16,15,11>This is a solid 3.5, but I'll round up because of the awesome bleu cheese coleslaw, but then I have to round it back down because of the price.I decided to take one for the Yelp team today and trek out the 1.5 miles from my office to OTB in order to make a definitive statement on the best BBQ around downtown thread.If you like your 'cue sloppy, I think you'll like OTB more than I did.  The food was good, but I have mad love for dry rub ribs and an unhealthy lust for the crackling, fatty crunch of a good crusty brisket.  At OTB, much like the pants of an 80 year old man, it's all soft baby.The ribs were literally fall off the bone tender.  They were short and meaty, but lacked the depth of flavor that I enjoy in a rib.  I just had the wang, dang, sweet twang of their BBQ sauce.If you like your beef sliced, you're shit out of luck.  It's all chopped here.  Twangy again, but no better than what I make in my crock pot at the house.Again, this isn't BAD 'cue, it just doesn't give me a Barbecue Boner (TM).My two meat combo (which is the name of my two-man band, btw) came with two sides (bleu cheese coleslaw & honey bbq beans).  My tab (with a can of Pepsi--big ups, Nadeem) was over $15.  That's no bueno.
<review# 1605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2010,5/24/2010,139,92,9,12,7>Ventured here to find some carne asada to grill one lovely spring afternoon and uncovered a bit of a treasure. After walking through the front entrance where you are "forced" to walk by a dozen cases of incredible Mexican pastries, reminiscent of the panaderias I've visited in Mexico, you come to the prepared food section. To the left there is a huge grill where they are cooking up some delicious chicken, think El Pollo Loco style if you've ever been. We ordered the "chicken special" which came with two pieces of chicken, rice, beans, and a dozen tortillas each. The total meal for two orders of the special came to $7 and some change. WHAT A DEAL! This is where I'll go when I'm broke, I'm sure I can find $3.50 in quarters from my sofa any ol' time.Back to the food! The chicken was addictive, I was stuffed, I couldn't finish my plate. We both agreed the beans were truly authentic re fried beans, lard and all I'm sure, traditional Mexican rice, and warm homemade tortillas to boot. A few feet away from the eating area (ie. a few picnic benches and tables in the middle of the store - think...grocery casual for attire) there is a great salsa bar with a bunch of different types to try, as well as some other tasty condiments, extra cilantro, limes, radish, jalapenos etc.  You can also check out the aguas frescas bar, where there are about 8-9 different juices to choose to go with your meal - I love the lemon!  Ice cream bar too if you have a sweet tooth.After a stuffed belly, we wandered around for while, picking up some incredibly cheap limes, cilantro, jalapenos, avocados, roma tomatoes....can you guess what we made that evening? They have great prices on Mexican seasonings and tortillas too. It pains me to buy these items anywhere else.Just a few last tips - #1. Squeamish folks may want to shield their eyes at the end of the meat counter, because there are practically whole cows and pigs hanging out in the window of the butcher area. #2. If you need ice, there is a machine in the parking lot that you throw your dinero in and out comes a huge bag of ice for a buck. What's so great about this? Well, it plays the song "Ice, Ice, Baby" for you while you're waiting for your ice bag. And let's face it...what's better than a little Vanilla Ice to get you in the mood to muddle up some fresh mojitos and guacamole? Answer: Nada!
<review# 1606,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,5/22/2010,139,83,10,10,11>My wife and I accepted an invitation from Paul K, fellow Yelper and real-life friend, to try out some "authentic" Korean BBQ.  He promised us that whatever our expectations, we would be blown away. To view Yun Tan Gil from the outside is quite unsensational.  It's located in a strip mall inside of another strip mall off of Royal Ln. with minimal signage to make you aware of its existence.  But once you step in, you're transported to another land.  It's hard to explain the decor.  "Different" is understatement.  "Unexpected" leaves too much to the imagination.  I think that "out there" is a good place to start.  The first thing I noticed was the K-pop jamming.  To me it sounds like uber-mainstream-pop from the late 90's / early 2000's without the influence of black hip hop culture and with the kitschiness of a Saturday morning cartoon theme song.  The restaurant has stalls with tables in them for private dining.  The tables sit atop charcoal grills with a device that looks like the creature from "My Stepmom Is An Alien" hanging down from the ceiling to suck up all the smoke (and possibly your soul / will to live).  The strangest and most notable design choice was the pebble floor in every stall; a bed of loose little rocks in which sat cheap foldable chairs for our seating.  Overall just... weird.  But EXCITING!!!  Let's eat!The Korean appetizers that came out were very nice, if extremely pungent.  I've had kim chi before that was overwhelming and this was not.  There were some other pickled little munchies that were all quite tasty.  Next came the burning coals and trays of meat which were placed in the grill and on a on a little side table respectively.  Then the fun began.  Grill time!  I can't emphasize enough the excitement I felt with this level of interaction in my dinner.  The fun of shuffling the meat around, the sound of the sizzle, the fresh aromas, all with the anticipation that you would soon be eating all of it.  Fresh garlic and jalapenos were included with our order, as well as sesame oil, lettuce leaves (for rolling) and rice.  All was delicious and we felt full but not stuffed at the end of the meal.  The service was... dicey, but like everyone says, very polite.  Beers were a little slow to come and I was (understandably) misunderstood a couple times on my drink order.Wait.  Did I just come up with a band name?  Anyway, that didn't really detract from the experience, though it will prevent me from giving it that extra star.  Our bill for the three of us was somewhere in the neighborhood of $50, which was great.  I was expecting it to be $20 higher for some reason.  I highly recommend YTG to the adventurous.  It helps to have an experienced Korean like Paul K. with you, but anyone would be able to navigate the experience, I think.  Well, actually I'm not sure.  I was a little drunk when I got there, you see.
<review# 1607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2009,5/21/2010,322,339,13,14,13>Costumes. Costumes. Costumes coming out your mama's wazoo. There are so many costumes sardined onto the racks here that it is difficult to shift through them all. The costume choices are all different too, and there is quite a variety of themes and time periods. They have a lot of old Navy and Army uniforms which are really cool. They also have kilts, flapper dresses, and southern belle hoop-skirts.  Aside from costumes, the accessories are out of control. There are hats, crowns, bling, purses, and jewelry from every time period. The shoe selection was especially impressive. If you have a costume but need some footwear, be sure to have a look here. The prices are a bit on the high side, and you can certainly find the some of the same costumes for cheaper elsewhere, but what you get at the Dallas Vintage Shop is variety and quality. Most of the costumes are sturdier than the tripe you get at Electric Boutique. Your Vintage purchase shouldn't break after wearing it for five minutes, unless you go all Chuck Norris on some zombies. Because the prices are a bit high, you should maybe consider selling your costume back after you've worn it. I didn't have any costumer service problems, actually, I was asked if I needed help by three different salespeople. Two of them also told us to be sure and look up - as that is where a lot merchandise is displayed.It's hot and stuffy and dusty. The guys I was with had to go outside after a while to cool down and breathe. I don't blame them - the place is extremely claustrophobic. I had to take a breather myself. I should have worn a Micheal Jackson / swine flu surgical mask and hosed myself off afterwards. I had some fuzzy boogers when I blew my nose after leaving the place. I don't hate the dusty snot though: fuzzy, dusty, boogers means awesome vintage store.
<review# 1608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2010,5/20/2010,82,125,42,20,15>Three days after meeting my girlfriend we took off for Santa Fe together. It seemed like a good idea at the time, but of course, after the booze wore off the 10 hour drive got a little awkward at times. She had just got'n out of a relationship with some dude who had asked her to marry him. Instead of buying her a ring he tattooed one on her finger. It was a fairly good sized ink rock and she had been looking for a real ring to cover it. One that wasn't too gaudy. Sooo..... We're in Santa Fe strolling through the plaza and as fate would have it end up where all the Indians set up shop, selling if you will, their goods and ware. That is if you consider "selling" to be sitting on your fat ass, fanning yourself and looking down girls shirts as they bend over to peruse your jewels. Now, she's sauntering along gleefully and I'm thinking "please don't stop, please don't stop" when she stops, right in front of Joseph Bailon. Joe took laziness to a whole new level. He had a long pole with a hook on the end of it so he wouldn't so much as have to lean forward to show an item. He would just skillfully place that hook under the ring or what have you, lift it up about two feet and there it was, right before your lust filled eyes, moving nothing but his wrist. Long story not as long, she finds a Spiney Oyster Shell ring emblazed in silver. It fit her perfectly, covered the tattoo and had the initials JB, which are her initials, on the back of the setting. Oh God, it was meant to be. I bought it for her and she said she would never take it off. Fast forward nine months... We no longer turn on the faucet while taking shits, burp, fart and scratch in front of each other and often times go out in public looking like the walking dead. I guess familiarity breeds disgusting. One day she was in the shower and I asked her a question from the other room. I think she was hanging out with Luke Warm Skywalker, which is the name I gave to her shower massager, because the way she said "huh?" seemed a little too relaxed. After exchanging huhs and whats four or five times, I walked in, pulled the curtain open and said "can you hear me now?" When I felt something beneath my sandal. She had placed the ring on the side of the tub and when I opened the curtain it fell onto the floor and I stepped on it. I lifted my foot up to find a dead Spiney Oyster Shell, mangled on the bathroom floor. Being a male and therefore an expert in all things, I tried to fix it with gorilla glue and pliers. That didn't work and it looked like shit with dried glue all over the stone. Needless to say ol' JB was pissed. I had remembered seeing a jewelry repair shop down the street around Skillman and Oram. So, I took the ring and my pride down to Ralph Austin Jewelers to see if anything could be done. The jeweler said "well, if you hadn't gorilla glued it it wouldn't be a problem." I was thinking "come on dude, you're a pro, this is what you do. Fix it bitch." Which is rude because he was very nice and said he could probably fix it. He told me the risks involved and quoted me a price. He said to give him a week and called four days later stating that it was fixed and ready. I gave my boxers a quick smell check (failed), through them on, a pair of jeans, a t-shirt and I was out the door. He not only fixed it proper, but polished it up real nice. The final price was the same as the original quote. He handled up on that ring like a true pro. Couldn't help me with the boxers or pride thing though. The laundra mat, however, took care of the boxers and I sent my pride on down to Sunstone Yoga.
<review# 1609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2009,5/19/2010,207,393,8,16,7>After finding my way to Two Guys - thanks, Yelp - I put Seafood Shack Numero Uno on my list of "What's next?" I love Mexican food. I love seafood. And apparenlty I now love Mexican Seafood. And I really feel confident with my dining choice when I'm the only white boy in there on a Friday night. The Shack looks like it took over an old DQ, and the counter service works perfectly. A big plastic menu hangs over the counter, and the menu lacks any descriptive terms. (Note: Even though the Shack is Mexican-ee and is frequented by Latinos, there are no TexMex dishes, so if you want enchiladas, that's no bueno). You either know what mariscos (seafood soup), camarones (shrimp), ceviche, and shrimp cocktail (not the gringo version) are - or you ask. Which we did for some items and the counter guy didn't seem the least bit bothered having to tell gringos that ceviche is citrus-marinated "seafood" with avacado on a tostada. Nice touch. We also had Mexican Cocktail, which I loved already, and the Shack's was a solid rendition of a classic dish. At least try the small. It's only $4. In addition, we had oysters which were suprisingly large, and shrimp nestled so gently in a fresh jalapeno, wrapped in a little bacon blanket, and then baked in the oven like cookies from mi abuela. (OK, I need the prometida first.) Regardless, I will never again eat the Sysco-brand, frozen-in-a-box-then-fried crap. ("Who took my sabor?") They have a couple of bottled beers, frozen margaritas, bloody marys, and their liquor offering - as noted on their menu - consisted of 1) "Tequila" and 2) "Whiskey". That's awesome. It suggests to me that I should either go hard or go home.If you go for the first time and you just want to try out the flavors, skip the temptation to go with fried shrimp. Yawn. Order 1) a small Mexican Cocktail, 2) one tostada of Ceviche, and 3) Bacon and Shrimp Jalapenos and a couple of longnecks each. It'll run you maybe $20. I give the Shack 5 stars in relation to other fast casual, Mexican coastal seafood places - which do not exist. Are there even any other places? And I don't mean oyster houses or faux cajun places.
<review# 1610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2009,5/18/2010,895,667,22,28,23>Soooo, I've been in desperate need of finding a new hair salon for a while.  I've driven past Orange a million times, but thought it might be a little too pretentious for my tastes.  After reading all the wonderful reviews on Yelp, I decided this place sounds too awesome to not try it out.  I'm so glad I did.  This place IS awesome.  Kudos to Renee for the color, and to Christopher for the cut/style.  They both did a great job.  Everyone that I encountered in the salon was as sweet as sweet can be.
<review# 1611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2010,5/17/2010,236,423,7,11,10>I had a friend visiting who lived in Pakistan for two years, so I went looking through yelp to find a place that leaned towards indo-pak food rather than just Indian, had a buffet, and was generally approved of. Al Markaz fit the bill and is right across the street from Super H Mart, which I've also wanted to visit. We completely enjoyed Al Markaz. I don't know why Kareem says it's a crappy seating area - it's actually quite large and rather nice! Much nicer than it appears from the outside and nicer than a hole-in-the-wall. The grocery store is a little dusty and less impressive, but we really enjoyed the restaurant. I was hoping to get in on the buffet but we came at the wrong time, so we ordered kebap (spicy and moist), daal (really good yellow lentil daal, yum), naan (wonderful fresh naan, I could eat them every day!), and chicken boti (always a good choice). The entrees came with naan and a little plate of fresh veges and sauce. The service was great - perhaps they were so intrigued by my white friend who spoke Urdu to them!
<review# 1612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2010,5/16/2010,277,231,3,7,6>I have to be honest.  I don't know if I loved my Soho Jazz experience so much because of it's true character or if I just really enjoyed the company of my date.  I'm going to try to separate the two as best as possible.  Tapas menu=Fantastic!  There were so many choices and they all sounded great.  Well except for the duck, quail, hare, oysters... I'm just not that experimental!  The whole menu is on the website, it's really informative, got everything you could possibly need.  We chose three options.   First was the chicken penne, it was great except for the abundance of onions, never good on a date.  Then came the bbq pulled pork with potato mash, it was a little on the cold side, but good overall.  Finally, we finished with chicken and goat cheese crostinis.  They were difficult to eat and the cheese was overwhelming.  The drinks were great, I don't usually complain about the drinks!We sat in the enclosed patio area.  That's where the people tended to mingle, it was a beautiful night.  Everyone seemed to be enjoying themselves.  The crowd was definitely older.  There was a guy playing guitar and singing in the main restaurant area, made for great background sound.  Loved the fish tank, too.  Atmosphere was great  overall.  I will definitely be back.
<review# 1613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2009,5/15/2010,141,424,,6,7>Loved Cowboy Chow! Fresh feel, good food, great atmosphere, good prices, unique. I am a huge Twisted Root fan and had heard great things about Cowboy Chow and this is straight up my kind of restaurant and also fill a huge void in Dallas eateries. you would think with the thousands of restaurants around DFW there would be others of this sort but there really are not. Kind of a Double Wide meets Tillman's roadhouse. Great food in a comfortable atmosphere but not a dive and clean. Just go there to get the feel, you won't regret it. I am not going to lie, the fact that they offered PBR was a big initial selling point. The appetizers were good and their version of nachos while definitely not healthy was very good. I had the chicken pot pie for dinner and it was awesome. Huge chunks of chicken and a little kick. We ordered a couple of their desserts and shared and they were probably the least impressive part of the whole experience. Not bad, but not great. I just loved the uniqueness, the feel, the food. Overall, definitely a 5 star.
<review# 1614,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2009,5/14/2010,199,275,7,10,8>In the spirit of the holidays, I've composed a review set to the tune of "We Wish You a Merry Christmas".Weeeee went to Carolina's....on cold Saturday night, heard it was better than Mi Cocinaand that's totally right. MiCo is not very good and oveeerpricedSo go to North Dallas and support the ex-wife!That's the first chorus, anyhows. D and I had an infamous restaurant.com $25 off of $35 gift certificate. We started with a cold St. Arnold's Fancy Lawnmower for me ($2.75 all the time, all drafts) and a La Bomba (the Mambo Taxi) which was just as strong as MiCo's but bigger!  Ordered the stuffed jalapenos to start and sweet Baby Jesus in a manger. They were amazing. I had two and D had 4 but normally, I can't do friend jalapenos stuffed with cream cheese but the balance of fried to mild jalapeno to cream cheese was perfect.  The chips were standard but the salsa is damn spicy. I had the two enchilada dinner- two cheese enchiladas with your choice of sauce, rice, and and get ready, vegetarians, - lard free beans! This alone makes Carolina's one of my choice restaurants for Mexican. But the food was really so good that we'll be back. We also had dessert- a tres leches cake that was all right and crispy sopapillas which were fantastic. Drizzled with honey and next to cold vanilla ice cream, the hot fritters really stood out. D's fajitas smelled delicious too. The location itself is sort of dauting. It's in dark little strip mall behind a 7-11 at the corner of Midway and Rosemeade. However, the inside is very pretty. They also have a lush looking patio with an outside that I imagine will be very popular in the summer. The other thing is that they everyday (except Saturday) specials whether it's half off apps at the bar or a dinner special. And another thing, they still open till 2:00 a.m.on Fridays and Saturdays. Pretty awesome in my book. I've never been a Dallas slave to the cult of MiCo but Carolina took her husband's tired old recipe and put some new spice into it. A woman scorned can make some damn good food.
<review# 1615,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2010,5/13/2010,58,170,10,13,8>Wingfields: Hello, Wingfields. Eddie: Hi, I have some bad news....there is someone else. Wingfields: Excuse me?? Eddie: That right , W, I met someone else on Sunday. A better location, nicer atmosphere and I can even sit down and eat. Wingfields: (Dial tone) This is how the conversation played out in my head as grease was running down my arms while tackling the best cheeseburger in the State. This burger tasted so good I felt like I was cheating on Wingfield's. Its a pretty good size burger that you can tell has been freshly grounded served on a fluffy bun with a nice crisp from being on the griddle, house made pickles, beefsteak tomato, purple onion and butter leaf lettuce. Also a house made dijonaise mustard and a mountain of fries in garlic salt. I was literally in heaven. This was also a first date and I was so glad she ordered the burger too because it got messy and I wasn't embarrassed! I also got the mushroom soup to start which was perfect as always. Service was good and for 12.00 this is a great deal of a burger. I think the fact that they limit it to a day and a half almost makes it taste better....
<review# 1616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2010,5/12/2010,263,343,5,15,7>It's fair to say that in the last year and a half, I have gained a few pounds (25).  A few years ago, I lost 50 lbs by doing a combination of Spin, MMA and personal training/weight lifting.  It all works, I lost the weight, it took 8 months and $$$$$.  Asthma, acid reflux and a general dislike of my body image inspired me to get back and transform myself into the person I used to be.  However, I wasn't able to shell out the big bucks like I did a few years ago.  I came across Psycho Gym.  I checked out Crossfit, and Camp Gladiator, but this just seemed to work out best for me.  I will warn you, there's not a lot of polish, and its hard grueling work.  But I will say this; out of all the various workout stuff I've tried this is the best.  If you really want to change your life; and I'm not just talking about how you look but also how you eat and how you feel, this is the place for you.  I've been doing this for two weeks and I've already seen a difference.  I had a small setback, Gout attack in my toe on Monday, but I hung with it, and did the best I could.  I think I've met most of the trainers, Russ and Travis, Madeline and Alloura.  They're all great.  They'll help you out, if you can't keep up, don't worry they know what you can do and will only push you as far as you can go.  Bottom line, this is the best thing I've ever done for myself in terms of exercise and I can't wait to see where I'll be in a few months.
<review# 1617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2009,5/11/2010,308,111,5,10,9>Freakin' awesome Lake Highlands-area institution! Really, this is a simple, no-nonsense awesome restaurant. I'll admit I've only gotten pizza here. It is really great NY-Style--reminds me of the slices I get at the touristy Famous Ray's places in NYC. Great crust that doesn't need the Texan penchant for dipping it in ranch.I just got back from picking up a to-go order: their "lunch special". I've gotten it dine-in before and received a salad, garlic rolls, 2 slices + drink for $5. Just called in my order today and said "lunch special of 2 slices". For some reason, I didn't get any of the extras, but it only cost me $3.25 for two big ol' huuuuge slices of pizza. Great deal!Want some feel-good comfort food that's cheap? Go here now!BONUS: in the same parking lot as "Divine Coffee", the geriatric wonderland diner w/those awesome breakfast tacos!
<review# 1618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,5/10/2010,220,341,4,13,14>If I get to choose my last meal, it will be from Rise No. 1. That is a pretty big statement considering what a sushi fanatic I am! GAWD this place was amazing! I love the concept of this restaurant. As much of the food as possible is locally grown. The non-food items are recycled items, and everything is for sale. Your cups are made from old wine glasses. The silverware is from old French restaurants. Nothing matches, and it is totally adorable. Other Yelpers have commented on the service. Our waitress, Lisa, was very attentive and helpful. She walked us through the process and timing of our meal. Her menu advice was outstanding. Rise does not make reservations for less than 4. If there will only be 2 of you dining, get there super early. We arrived at 5:30 and snagged the last table for 2. Everyone without reservations after us had a hearty wait. I like early-bird dining, so it was not an issue for us. Sugar Bear began with the marshmallow soup. It is a VERY fresh tasting tomato soup with tiny goat cheese souffles floating on the top. This soup is divine...don't miss it! I started out with my favorite French onion soup. It was lovely, and I like the fact that they didn't over salt the soup like so many restaurants tend to do. Onto the souffles--we shared a crab souffle and a mushroom truffle souffle. They were light and fluffy, but really filling. The scent of the mushroom truffle souffle was intoxicating as it descended from heaven to our table. The flavor was superb, and it will be hard to try everything on the menu because we will always order this dish on future visits. The crab souffle was devilishly rich. The mix of crab and boursin cheese was phenomenal. It is hard to find a dish that takes my breath away...the crab souffle did just that! Sugar Bear ordered the apricot souffle for dessert. It will go down as one of his favorite desserts of all time! I thought it was just about perfect, but I could never eat a whole dessert on my own. The few bites he let me have were exquisite. The wine recommendations on the first page of the menu are also top notch. We shared a bottle that the sommelier recommended (2006 Tenuta de Biserno Insolgio from Toscana), and it was AWESOME! As you are leaving, they hand you a tiny piece of paper with a quote. Both of ours were wine quotes. It was a very nice touch to end a perfect evening. This restaurant is very nice, but it is also child friendly. Children in a restaurant is usually a BIG negative to me, but the owner has a unique activity to keep the little ones busy without being obtrusive to the adult diners. She has frogs hidden all over the restaurant and she helps the children find them. It is unique problem solving on the part of the establishment, and much appreciated by the customers. The distracted children are no problem...even in a really nice restaurant.
<review# 1619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2010,5/9/2010,105,217,9,21,14>Sorry, y'all -  But after last Sunday's experience that Mrs. Bear and I had at Momo's Italian Specialties, they have earned FIVE STARS instead of the four I had previously awarded them.  Granted, we hadn't been there in quite awhile - since they're over by TI, the restaurant isn't exactly conveniently located for us.  But MY GAWD, WHAT A FOODIE EXPERIENCE our latest visit was!  We're still talking about it, and in glowing terms!We were there to celebrate our 12th wedding anniversary.  In fact, this was the VERY FIRST RESTAURANT that I had visited upon my moving to Dallas in late 1995.  I was impressed as hell - beat out anything Italian I had ever experienced previously!  So that's why we picked it for our special anniversary dinner.  Sort of a trip down Memory Lane for us.The place was kinda little, smaller than my memory had imagined -  you go in the front door, under the gigantic Mo Mo sign, and you file past the little pizza ovens in full view on your way to the main dining area, and your table is adjacent to two large aquaria with tropical fish in the center of the room.  Our waiter arrived quickly, and uncorked our BYOB wines immediately.  We ordered the carpacchio as an appetizer.  It was SIMPLY FABULOUS.  Raw beef just simply does not get better than this!  Beautifully presented and delicious!  The pizza-crust flat-bread served along with the appetizer was delightful all by itself.We ordered two entrees from the huge selection of dishes featured in the multi-paged menu:  Mrs. Bear had the saltimboca with spinach pasta and I had the conchiglie a modo mio.  Both dishes were, in a word, SUPERB.  Although reasonably filled after appetizer and entrees, we could not resist trying something from the dessert menu.  Here is one area where Momo's truly distinguishes itself - I have not found another restaurant in the Dallas area that prepares and serves zabaglione - an ultra-decadent taste treat made from egg yolks, Marsala wine, and sugar, all beaten together to form a dark yellow custard that MUST be served freshly-prepared.  Simply fabulous!!  Mrs. Bear had the Big Z (which I sampled) and I had a chocolate gelato that knocked my socks off.OMG - what could you possibly ask for, that we did NOT receive - superb service, wonderful food, and our own favorite drinks?  All 5-star rated.  And if you look at my review profile, you will note that I reserve the 5-star rating for only the VERY BEST that I encounter, and not too many, at that.  Maybe that's why it's called Mo Mo's - because after dining there you want MO!  Gimme MO, MO!
<review# 1620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2009,5/8/2010,188,256,16,13,15>When U2 was in town a while ago I was lucky enough to get backstage passes to meet the band in person.  In preparation for meeting some of the biggest rock legends of all time, I really didn't want to make a fool out of myself by saying something dumb and only wanted to ask really important questions.  Well, when my time came, I nervously approached Bono to ask him something that had been on my mind for a long time, "So, after all these years, you 'still haven't found what you're looking for.'  I must know, what is it that you are still looking for?"  He sighed, and bowed his head.  "The perfect biscuits and gravy, my friend. I'm still searching for perfection."Suddenly from across the room, "Oh, give it up about your bloody biscuits and gravy already!" yelled a frustrated The Edge."Hey, shut your trap, The Edge! And lose that ruddy beanie, it's like 95 degrees outside!" Bono retorted."As soon as you take off those stupid sunglasses!  We're indoors you bleeding idiot!"Awkward!Well, I slipped away quietly, pondering on the woes of Mr. Bono, for this same issue had also plagued me for quite some time. I feel your pain Mr. Bono. Good biscuits can be found at a number of Dallas diners (Norma's, Mamas Daughter, Cindy's).  But it's usually the gravy that kills it for me.  Often it is little more than lightly salted flour and water and most have have generally lacked the richness and depth of flavor a good gravy needs to be successful.  But, then I tried Bubba's.  I had long overlooked breakfast at Bubba's in favor of their delicious chicken, mashed potatoes and rolls served up for lunch and dinner.  But breakfast changed the whole game for me.  The gravy is delicious and from the moment I mixed the light flakey biscuit with that rich sausage gravy, I knew I had found what I was looking for.  Not your typical white creamy variety, Bubba's is a little browner and richer, and flavored with sausage.  My only complaint would have been that I needed more of it!Everything I had was delicious and prepared fast.  I can't wait to try more items on the breakfast menu the next time I have a chance to go there.  Seemed like everyone else in the restaurant was eating the cinnamon rolls, so that is on my to-try list for next time.Bubba's is the Dallas king of Southern comfort cooking and most people around town know it, so expect parking to be a real pain in the arse.  The place is usually packed but the food still comes out fast.  You could attempt the drive-thru but the line is usually so long it curls around the streets like the Macy's parade.  People love this place and for good reason, Bubba knows food.
<review# 1621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2009,5/6/2010,126,176,6,5,3>Is it wrong if I add stars because our waiter looked like the love-child of Luke Wilson and 'Jack' from Lost?  I kid, I kid (but really, go for the waiter....hot!)Brunch at Breadwinners is hard to beat, especially when they reel you in with platefuls of their enticing breads/pound cakes waiting at your table.  The menu was loaded with so many temptations that it took most of our party of 8 at least 20 minutes to decide.  My chicken apple sausage and broccoli cheesy egg bake thing (sounds odd, tastes amazing) was pleasantly non-greasy and full of flavor.   Portions are hearty (and the prices speak for that) and include healthy options.  This location has a very cute patio surrounded by lush mint plants, fig bushes and grapevines, but you won't be out there until it cools off in October.  The wait to be seated was a little longer than hoped, and this location seems to seat large groups with hesitant aggravation.  But that won't stop me from diving face-first into their Strawberry Pie.
<review# 1622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2009,5/5/2010,164,1015,2,7,7>$27 for all you can eat.  The GOOD: -- The selection was pretty good.  Sashimi tasted fresh.  The fried station (tempura and other fried items) remained crispy.  You'll definitely find at least a few items that will suit your tastebuds.-- The service was excellent.  The waitress constantly cleared our empty plates and refilled my tea consistently. --  Free sake and beer at dinner.  I didn't drink but I thought it was kind of funny that I had to pay $2 for my hot tea when I could have drank all the beer and sake I wanted for free.--  This place is Korean owned so you'll find a few Korean dishes along with the typical Japanese fare.The Not-So-Good:-- There really wasn't anything bad. It's hard to give a buffet 5-stars so I guess on principal I gave 4-stars.  It was a good experience.  I would go back with an emptier stomach so I can also try the shabu-shabu and the spicy ramen.
<review# 1623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2009,5/4/2010,48,87,5,6,8>Who'd ever heard of an artsy barbecue joint. Smoke has pulled it off surprisingly. When my friend told me we're headed to get some barbecue , Ethan Allen furniture and Andy Warhol'ish art didn't cross my mind. But I did get what I expected also, a wood smoke soaked atmosphere and great barbecue!Being that we were already drinking that evening we didn't have a problem retreating to the bar while we waited on a table. The place was packed of 30 something up-towners in the front, while printed t-shirt clad men milled around a single pool table in the back. A drunk friend of mine got hustled that night. I had the pulled pork hog sandwich, which the menu says it's NC style but it was more Memphis style with a generous serving of cole-slaw on top of the meat. It was a nice surprise, hadn't had it that way in many years. The meat was juicy and the buns were even great. How many times have you had a bbq sandwich on white sandwich bread and it was a total mess,(I know it's supposed to be that way) this was more refined for the establishment I guess. It was a big portion, had to get a doggy bag.Not if but when you go here please try the key lime pie with Mescal. The presentation alone was commendable, and it was so fresh you could tell they made this in-house. It was orgasmicly good (don't steal my word).
<review# 1624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,5/3/2010,78,64,9,8,7>I've already done a review for the Dream Café in Addison so I was excited when a friend of mine said we should hit brunch at the one in the Quadrangle. So as we stated to head over there we both didn't really know where the Quadrangle was, even though I did spend most of my twenties at the 8.0 Bar in the Quadrangle in the late 1900's. I'm guessing that's probably the reason I don't remember how to get there. But this is what you have to do to find it. Head South West on McKinney Ave and take a right. You'll run into it. It's hidden in the back North East corner of the Quadrangle. Look for the cool purple club house and a jungle gym that looks like a baby thunder dome, where on Saturday afternoon's there's a good chance you can make bets on baby fights, there is a weight limit and house gets 10% off the top. No flash cameras or video cameras. I'm lying you can't because all the mothers said no when I said I'd run the books.There's a lot of really good food and as the other reviews point out there's some healthy stuff to choose from and I'm starting my New Years resolution early of eating healthier foods so that I can stop fooling myself earlier that I'm actually going to stick to my New Years resolution. So any who, I start off with a bowl of oatmeal, but this is not ordinary oatmeal, this is steel cut organic oatmeal, hell I'd eat anything that is describe as "steel cut"  for example. "Hey Andy you want a big bowl of gravel and dirt?" My reply "Is it Steel Cut?"  They'd say "Yes." And so would I.I got Austin Taco's, have you had these things, seriously have you? Stop what you are doing and go get some, but I have to warn you they don't look like tacos at all, more of a breakfast enchilada's, but for fun try to eat'em like a taco's anyway. The sauce alone is mind controlling. My buddy got the Monte Cristo sandwich; a grilled sandwich made of French Toast, ham, turkey, Swiss cheese and sprinkled with powdered sugar and a bowl of fresh fruit that's totally makes it totally okay to eat a sandwich made from French Toast. We enjoyed our breakfast very much and will be going back... only if I can remember how to get back because they have bottomless Mimosa's for six bucks on the weekends that are Steel Cut.
<review# 1625,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2010,5/1/2010,51,309,7,9,10>We ended up at the Nasher on a day when it was really crowded, but that didn't stop us from enjoying it! It was actually really nice to see so many people enjoying the architecture displays inside and the sculpture garden outside.  I'm assuming the architecture display isn't permanent, but it really made the visit cool for me.  I really enjoyed the downstairs display on the opera house that showed the drawings and models, along with samples of all the materials used in construction.  On the main floor, there were also models of various buildings from around the world, along with explanations of design and architecture.  I'm a guy, so I love models!Wifey loved the sculpture garden outside.  Even though there were a lot of people there that day, it was still peaceful sitting outside in the shade, taking in all of the sights, and people watching.This is definitely a place that everybody should go to at least once.  Hopefully we'll be back again, to check out the next exhibit or to enjoy the peaceful garden.
<review# 1626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2009,4/30/2010,231,448,9,12,10>I finally tried a new coffeehouse, yay!  Ok, so I was in a bit of a rut, I'll admit it.  Fortunately, a friend yanked me out of said rut by requesting my presence in the Uptown area.  We hadn't seen each other in a while & much catching up was needed.  And what better way to do that than over coffee at a new place, really?Since it was a weekday morning, parking was simple - I was right across the street!  It wasn't crowded at all, so my friend & I jumped right up to the counter & ordered.  The baristas were super friendly & welcoming and our drinks were out lickity-split.  Oh, and we got ceramic cups so no extra trash with which to deal!  My mocha was warm, smooth and really hit the spot.  My friend smothered his espresso in sugar *gag* but seemed to enjoy it.  Though there was steady traffic coming in & out of the doors, we sat comfortably and uninterrupted for two hours.  Peaceful, really.The decor was pretty interesting, with cool shades of yellow and green on the walls in various rooms.  There were various bridal portraits hanging down, which was an interesting touch.  I liked the setup, too: a nice mix of table/chair combos and comfy couches.  Oh, and if you're bored with your work or just need something to entertain yourself, theres board games to distract you and newspapers to read.Sure, this place is a little out of my way, but I doubt that stops me from visiting it again soon.  Next time I'll probably sample some of the food or try out a new beverage!
<review# 1627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2010,4/29/2010,1341,757,7,10,8>Yea, I'm a fan of this neighborhood pizza joint. It may not be Cavalli's or my beloved Costco pizza (reheated with a little fresh basil and sriracha -it's awesome, I promise!) but this place is great for a quick lunch because it's CHEAP and of course pretty tasty. $5 can get you :a drink (w/ free refills) , 1 one-topping slice of pizza and a salad OR a drink and 2 one-topping slices of pizzaThe pizza is light and thin- which I find perfect (I like thin and crispy pizzas). I left the place not overly full or sedated from grease. Their regular pizzas aren't oily whatsoever - I wasn't able to blot anything (yey!)They do offer deep-dish pizzas and pasta dishes..I haven't tried either so I don't know whether  if it's good or not. For now, I'll just stick to their lunch specials. :)Tip: They dress their salads with a heavy hand so you might want to ask for your dressing on the side.
<review# 1628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2010,4/28/2010,34,163,3,7,4>I have frequented this place so many times, mainly to order their chai to go.  I like mine spicy, the authentic Indian way, and they can make it right all the time!  I am very happy with their friendly service.I brought a group a international people for Sunday brunch buffet.  A few of them never had Indian food, so it was interesting to find out what would happen.The buffet line had 10 different kind of dishes, including chicken tandoori, spinach with paneer, fresh naan, saffron rice, masala chicken.  I found their chicken tandoori to be above average; most places don't marinade long enough to let the spices soak all the way, but they do.  I also liked the the way they season the spinach with paneer; could not get enough of it!  We also ate so much of the naan, they had a hard time restocking the serving pan.  The lady decided to drop a stack of naan on our table with a big smile.As for my friends, they were all very pleased with the food.  We will definitely be back for more.
<review# 1629,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2010,4/27/2010,90,133,4,6,8>Did you know that majority of Japanese restaurants in DFW are owned by Korean people? This is what my Japanese friend told me. But Hanaki is not one of them. Staff members are more comfortable with Japanese than English, for sure. Their mannerisms are authentic Japanese as well, friendly and polite. Speaking of being authentic, Hanaki does not serve those "American" rolls, Philadelphia rolls and such. I remember one other Japanese restaurant that was owned by Japanese person that was very very expensive, but that was not the case for Hanaki. Very reasonably priced food and great service, I was pleased. Although I did not actually go into the room, the rooms are one of those rooms that I only saw in Asia. They dug a hole on the floor so that customers can enjoy the Japanese custom of sitting on the floor without twisting their legs. I enjoyed my first visit and I will go back very soon for another great lunch.
<review# 1630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,4/26/2010,725,843,10,15,10>"Bacon bacon bacon...I smell bacon...I can't read...give me what's in the bagggggggggg."  Remember that commercial from the dog's perspective trying to get some Beggin' Strips"?  I do.  Why?  Becuase I'd finally found a character on television with whom I related.  And Newhaus has done an about face on the star meter by offering the gosh derned best breakfast taquito known to man or doggie.  Same guy behind the counter every morning.  And he knows what half of the folks in the line want before they even speak it.  I was new so he asked me a series of questions while preparing my taquito."Do you want a fried egg on it?""YES!!!""Cheese?""HELL YAH!""One strip of bacon or Taquito Special with two?""I can have two???  DANG!  TWO!"And he folded the contents neatly into a tortilla and pressed it into the griddle until is was a little crispy around the edges.This was in fact the absolute best breakfast taco/taquito in the world!  I double dog dare you to find one that rivals it.  And yes, I've had Taco Joint.  And I love chrizo.  I'm basing my best ever status on same content breakfast tacos.  You may find snazzier ingredients, but you won't find a better bacon, fried egg, cheese taco in the Dallas.
<review# 1631,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2010,4/25/2010,251,161,11,25,15>Most people who know me realize that I love to dance.  Dancing in general but I especially enjoy dancing to Latin music. Hence, after attending a milonga (an Argentine social dancing event)  for a friend's birthday, I decided I would like to take tango lessons so I could become more familiar with this entrancing dance form.Studio 22 was recommended to me by some friends because of the tango instructors, they themselves have taken classes from and ended up adoring.It's easy to see why after taking classes with George and Jairelbhi because they are such generous, intuitive teachers as well as amazing dance partners.  Plus, they make the class fun and upbeat and never boring.At the end of the class, they do a short presentation for us and they always manage to create art in motion.  This is the link to their website: evolutiontango.com .The class is so edifying and best of all you get an excellent work out without even realizing it.Of course, if tango is not your "thang", Studio 22 offers a wide variety of dance classes including Latin and Ballroom. The set up of the dance classes is pretty similar across the board.At the beginning of the dance class, the participant will perform the dance steps individually while the instructors demonstrate them simultaneously.   Afterward, a dancing rotation takes place where you switch partners as the song changes or a new step is engaged.  There are always enough partners so you can attend as a couple or a singleton. At Studio 22, the front desk attendants are friendly and courteous and make you feel welcome.  The prices are reasonable and they offer individual, group and wedding packages that you can choose from. So if you are looking for a place where to step up your dance moves, I would definitely recommend Studio 22.After all, according to Charles Baudelaire, "Dancing can reveal all the mystery that music conceals" or as Shanna L. professes "Shake your ass and your soul will follow."
<review# 1632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2010,4/24/2010,205,232,4,8,5>Bless this place for being one of the few restaurants that's acceptable and near in the darkest and scariest hours of the night.  As much as I like this place though, I wouldn't come here unless its after 2AM.  The food is good, but I feel like my brain is an altered reality at the hours I step in to this joint, and that's why the food is acceptable.People, I am no vegetarian, but you have to try to veggie sausage with some sort of egg dish here, it really doesn't matter.  I usually get some type of egg or crepe concoction, but the veggie sausage is a must, it's freakin fantastic here!  I usually get breakfast here, but recently I bit into my friend's Philly cheese steak, oh man, that was good.  And I've had the burger here also, REALLY good.  I feel like everything is really satisfying on the menu.  Hands down best after hours place to eat in Dallas.  As screwy as the place can be after hours, the waitstaff is really very helpful, some of the nicest people I've encountered in a restaurant.  And they are very patient with the customers, because again, it's after hours, and not everyone is as pleasant as they usually are.I will continue coming back here as long as I live and go out.  Thank you Buzzbrews!
<review# 1633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2010,4/23/2010,137,147,9,6,6>My new goal: ingratiate myself with friends who live close to this gas station.  I need somewhere close as a basecamp for taco gormandizing 'cause I'm a little on the far side and they get kinda cold. The two in-store tables are flanked by high convenience store shelves and other shoppers' squeezing-by butts, so it's not the perfect place to relax and enjoy these little flavor packets.The tacos: my pork with chilaquiles was culinary greatness.  Fantastic...almost enough to make me get right back in the car and drive for more.  Eggs, shredded pork, tortilla strips, full of deliciousness.  Perfect moisture content (not too much or little).  The Honey Bear with eggs, fresh spinach, bacon, cheese: very good but a little too juicy and sweet.  My fault maybe for adding too much watery salsa, but I could never get enough spice to overcome the sweetness of the bacon.  I could eat it again, but would try others instead.Still, the raw materials of the ingredients of these foil-wrapped parcels are first class. My only hang-up?  I'm a bit provincial as far as wanting an authentic experience: sushi not made by a white guy, chinese not wok'd up by...well...never mind: this could get ugly quickly.  Let's just say although these are not Mexican by the letter of the law, they are tacos translated into very good food, and I can't wait for more. So Tony and Shashanna:  get ready: I may be knocking on your door, with tacos in hand.
<review# 1634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,4/21/2010,436,192,22,13,14>I knew I'd like this place when I called to find out information and the call went like this: Me: "Hi, do you accept walk-ins?" Kim: "I prefer that you make an appointment." Me: "OK, well, when are your appointments today? I'll just drop in when you're free." Kim:"As I said, I'd prefer that you make an appointment, I get booked up."Me: "OK, so give me a range where you're not booked up, and I'll stop in." Kim: "Girl, when is your birthday?" Me: "June 29, but when are you free?" Kim: "How about this - why don't you just call me when you figure out when you can make an APPOINTMENT".**************************************************­************************** Needless to say, asking me to commit to an appointment is like nailing jello to a tree. 5 hours later, I decide I'm going to go ahead and go check out the energy of my eyebrows, and call and make my APPOINTMENT 10 minutes before I show.  I walk in, introduce myself, and hear: "Oh, so you're the Cancer that's been trying to run my schedule today" . . (gasp) Did she really just Zodiac-check me? eeee! . . . and with that, I knew I'd love this place for reasons other than having hairs on my face pulled out by a chick donning a spool of thread. It's about as painful as it sounds, but SO much more precise than waxing, and it lasts for about a month. Which is precisely 2 weeks longer than waxing runs for me. No pain, no gain! (Or maybe I'm just a baby, but don't tell anyone). The vibe is Erykah Badu meets Jill Scott meets Lauryn Hill meets your local astrologer. OR maybe that's just Kim's Pandora playlist. While I was there, a local artist named Solange was posting installations of some killer artwork. I found out Eyebrow Energy rotates artwork from different local artists monthly. As if the music and art weren't enough, 10 minutes later a local jewelery designer stops in too and unloads handmade Croatian beaded necklaces. Yeah, cause that's not cool either. Lastly, I find out that Kim ALSO hosts a book club on Mondays and it's a new self-improvement book a month. Ok, really? It's like Kim put Greenwich Village in her pocket and brought it to Bryan Street in Dallas, TX. All in all, I recommend threading over waxing in general. Prices are reasonable for shaping and maintenance, and Kim does a truly good job of shaping and being very, very, precise. Let's all help her achieve her goal of being the "McDonald's of Eyebrows" :)
<review# 1635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2009,4/20/2010,259,574,6,7,10>Dear Hibiscus, Thank you for living up to the hype, thank you for restoring my faith in restaurant week (last year everywhere I went underwhelmed), thank you also for free valet and finally thank you for a great meal! Love, Me So - as you can see we went to hibiscus for RW and it was fabulous. I was early so I started with a great glass of Riesling at the bar. The hostess staff was super nice and seated us as soon as our party was complete - they apologized to me because I kept giving them the wrong name when they were trying to find the reservation. Yup - they are THAT nice. It really was all my fault and I knew it and even said itl but they still aplogized! Anyway - we were seated and the service was impeccable. Our waitress was great. We started with tempura green beans and the crab dip. The green beans were great - I even dipped in the wasabi aioli and it was a nice compliment to the green bean (not a wasabi fan but it worked). I heard the crab dip was fantastic, but I didn't try it - ew crab pass. Everyone at our table got the mixed grill except for one brave soul who got the chicken. The mixed grill was great, but since I gave my prawn away (ew seafood) my portion was pretty small (yes I know its my own fault!). I tried the chicken also and it was fantastic so good that next time I may get that. For sides we got the mac and cheese (OH MY GOD - believe the hype - its fabulous) and the garlic spinach which was also really good. Dessert was not a disappointment. We got the chocolate cake that was about the size of your head and it was great. I was nervous because I've had huge chocolate cake slices that were dry and disappointing, but this was not. It delivered moist chocolate goodness with fudge filling and a cherry sauce perfectly. The other dessert was an ice box pie that was also god, but that cake was divine so the ice box pie was an after thought. Overall - this was a great dinner. Great good, great service and every staff member we passed was super nice and had a "i hope you enjoyed your meal" or some other pleasantry. It's a nice touch.
<review# 1636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,4/19/2010,549,363,16,12,9>I totally dig Wild About Harry's. We've been going for years and it's always exactly what I remember and just as good as the time before.Last week we bopped in for a late lunch. This time I ordered the Knox Street hot dog, which has 1000 Island, sauerkraut and swiss cheese on top. OMG. Nnaw, OMFG. And the combo ($6.99) comes with fries and a drink. Great cheap-o lunch!I've had the custard before. It's kinda eggy to me (it's probably in my head) but I still dug it. We got the banana pudding shake ($4.99 and it's got vanilla custard, nilla wafers, bananas, and crushed wafers in it) and I gotta say, that IS some good snackin'. The place is full of Highland Park lookin' mo-fo's so be prepared for no socks penny loafer wearing dudes and rich kids with braces driving BMW's with leg warmers on their arms and shit. But it's not enough to keep me away, so it shouldn't you either. Try it!
<review# 1637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2010,4/18/2010,246,193,24,7,7>Im not sure on the service or the cleanliness, but this place is a total hoot.Here is a rundown of my experiences.1. I see a woman in a full on fur coat. Me - Is that a fur coat for real. Fur lady - Yes, its a fox. Me - Thats gross.  Yes, I did say that... and yes, it was gross.  Later I see she tucked it under her hiding it some... (dont worry, I was punished for this later)2. A George Carlin lookin dude comes up to me and my group and asks for us to sit at his table... not because he wanted to hang out, but because he was leaving and didnt like the guys eyeballin his table nearby.  So he wanted us to get it before they could get it.3. I go to the potty... minding my own business in line... (here's where karma kicks my booty).  The lady next to me says - OMG, you look just like my daughter and grabs my head and shoves it in her boobs... it seemed like it lasted forever... and she wouldnt let go until it was her turn to pee.4. The band was pretty good... typical cover band, but the drummer looked like marilyn manson and had a dress on and the singer had an orange fro... dont get me wrong - they totally rocked!Needless to say - it was a fun time.  Cold beer and a good story for the next day!  What more can you ask for!
<review# 1638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2010,4/17/2010,217,155,4,7,9>It's worth walking through the construction and possibly breaking a heel to get to this place!Situated in a little old house, the atmosphere is instantly warm, inviting, cozy. The crowd is very nice mix with a very international flair and all different ages.We showed up Saturday night around 9 and ordered a pitcher of sangria at the bar while we waited for a seat for 7 of us. Sangria was very good and only $17 for a huge pitcher! We were seated in about 15 min.The menu offers lots of different options from the other tapas places I've been to in dallas. Based on what we orderd, I'd recommend:- Fried blood sausage - flavorful, crunchy, delish- Octopus - meaty, good olive oil flavor- lamb chops - standard, but perfectly done- tortilla espagnol - a fave dish of mine!- mussels - very fresh, fat mussels in a yummy chunky tomato sauceThis is a great place for a date or dinner with friends. The service is good, the food is great, the price is right, the atmosphere is lovely.I'm definitely coming back in the summer to sit on their back porch with the beautiful downtown dallas skyline view!
<review# 1639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2010,4/16/2010,3760,1373,7,6,12>As I write, I'm drunk off $5 glasses of house wine.   I only had 3, but I'm a light weight.   Uh, why did I blow this place off?  I really dissed it for years as a boring chain.   Turns out I was confusing it with "Uno's" from downtown Fort Worth.   Truffle bread with tomato, cream vodka sauce - was a perfect taste to get us going.  Our pizza was thin crust, but not crunchy, and it was awesome.  The taste here was spot on during my visit.  I could've been in Italy, except for a little extra cheese.  My anchovies were good quality while not being too salty.  That's rare.   $5 house merlot was buttery and didn't feel very "grocery store".  Was I in New England tonight?  Place has a comfy yet cool Martha Stewart deal goin' on.  (And that's a good thing.)Big table on a stage, underneath a tree wrapped in christmas lights begs for a big group party.   Go here for a date.  Go here for lunch with your Mom.  Just go.5 stars personally.
<review# 1640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2009,4/15/2010,31,65,5,6,6>I wrote a review of Bolsa months ago, but it was unfortunately deleted in some weird and random attack on my Yelp account by an unknown assailant. So here we go again... I recently read in D magazine that Bolsa received the award for restaurant of the year, and BOY, DO I KNOW WHY. This place is amazing! I am truly Bolsa's biggest fan. We have eaten here no less than a dozen times in less than a year, and every time we have something equally as fresh and delicious. I will be a lifelong fan of Bolsa for the simple fact that they use fresh, organic, sustainable, Dallas-based ingredients in all of their dishes. THE PLACE DOESN'T EVEN HAVE A FREEZER ON-SITE. Do you know how amazing that is for a restaurant?! I am in awe. The menu is constantly changing, and each new thing is exciting and delicious. My boyfriend once ordered the pork jowl and I kid you not, he has not stopped talking about it for months. He may or may not have had to change his underwear after we got home from that dinner. The quail dish is also exquisite. Try the mussels, the pizzas, the chicken breast, the salmon... all of it is fantastic. The cheese flight and bruschetta tasting are both excellent. I am obsessed with the Guinness cheddar cheese! So yummy! They have a great wine list and there's one night a week where the wine is half priced (Tues? Wed?) which is amazing. Their mixed cocktails are creative and delicious! Try The Recession or the Oak Cliff Creeper, both of those are divine! The mojitos are made with fresh fruit and will knock you on your butt in a flash. I love sitting on the patio and people watching. My girlfriends and I spent hours there one weekend, just chatting and snacking on the patio, drinking pitcher after pitcher of homemade sangria which, by the way, is phenomenal. I just can't say enough good things about Bolsa. It's great for a leisurely weekend lunch, a quick weekday dinner (get there early!), an after-work drink, or a celebration dinner with guests. I could not agree more with D Magazine's choice for restaurant of the year. Bolsa rocks!
<review# 1641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2009,4/14/2010,136,202,7,9,10>Everyone else has pretty well explained the concept and charm of the Double Wide.  Velvet paintings of cats and naked chicks, zombie murals, animal heads, Blue Moon on draft, PBR in a can... what's not to love?  The staff and the people watching are stellar.I also have to say the Double Wide knows how to throw a mean theme party:1.  Double Wide Anniversary complete with mechanical bull.  Sure, the bull kept blowing the power but it was super fun.  The bruises lasted for weeks.2.  Orphanage Fundraiser raffle with kickass music and kickass raffle prizes.  I won tickets to see the English Beat.3.  4th of July Parking Lot Pool Party, complete with kiddie pools, water guns, grilled weiners, and fireworks.  Sure, I came close to getting my hair caught on fire, but isn't that what the 4th is all about?  Celebrating our freedom to act like fools?I can pretty much recommend Double Wide for any night, but the big bashes are not to be missed!
<review# 1642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/14/2009,4/13/2010,511,139,5,14,13>We've all probably seen this beautiful ruby-hued monstrosity going up, over the last few years, next to the Myerson Symphony Center in downtown Dallas.  Now it's open.  By *open* I mean the opera company has started using it...but you couldn't really say that it's finished.I will preface this review with the fact that due to continued construction, modifications, blah blah blah, I will indeed leave review updates as things progress. However, as it stand NOW:The building is gorgeous. The red really pops against the surrounding skyline, especially when lit. The nouveau interior architecture works well, and, once thoroughly cleaned and polished post-construction, will be a modernist site-to-behold.All those "slats" that comprise the outside canopy? -- Each one is angled precisely so the sun's rays never directly hit the glass of the building as it travels across the sky each day. That way the lighting effect internally are always supposed to be visible.Inside the Margaret McDermott Theatre (main theatre) the seats offer firm support, but don't rock back and forth. The earth tones of the fabrics and floors help to set off the gilded look of the carved balcony and wall facades. One immediately realizes the size differential from the previous opera house (the stately Music Hall at Fair Park) as this is patterned after much smaller, vertical European houses, boasting 4 balconies.  The uppermost seat on the fourth balcony is the same distance from the stage as the 2nd row seats of the Music Hall at Fair Park. I think they will both excel for their individual niches. The acoustics of the Winspear are absolutely world-class, for acoustic performances such as opera. That is what this stage and room are built for, and for that you will probably have to search the world-round to find any better.For the general public, the review effectively stops there -- for that is all the public will see. However for any that venture to backstage, the review changes quite a bit.If you venture to the "behind-the-scene" backstage areas, you'll be inhaling a veritable dust-storm in the backstage, dressing rooms etc... areas.  Whole portions of parts of the dressing rooms still have yet to be wired with lighting and power. The dressing rooms on the 2nd floor are pitifully smaller than those of the relatively gigantic dressing spaces of the Music Hall. And finally the parking...oy.  If you drive a Lexus, you'll be fine as they get preferential parking closest to the entrance, beneath the building. Many will have to park a few blocks away. Simply because the amount of spaces in the garage can't hope to ever accommodate a given audience for any 1 performance.In truth,  I'm sure once they finally *finish* the building many of the above items will have been addressed and cared for. Except for the poor design of backstage.
<review# 1643,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2010,4/12/2010,273,583,8,11,6>I like pork. I like pork, a lot. May's has an awesome fried pork chop meal for 5.50 flat. A heaping mound of white, steamed rice with ground pork, some chopped, pickled veg, and slightly pickled cucumber, a soy sauce marinated hard boiled egg, and of course pork chop. What a deal. The pork chop was so tasty and crispy. I liked the pickled veggies as it added acidity and crunch to the meal. I'm not a huge fan of the boiled egg, but I nibbled at some of it. I browsed over the menu again while I was eating and want to try the sausage sticky rice soon. The ladies working today seemed polite but spoke little english. I noticed they called out the food in Chinese, but for mine, she just sorta grunted and nodded her head at me. :D So if you aren't native, just keep an eye out for your order to come up. Water cups, although serve yourself, are tiny. No tip needed at this place, so just a few bucks and you can get a good filling meal. MMm, I see many pork chops in my future, well, if I have cash on hand.
<review# 1644,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2010,4/11/2010,610,180,6,9,9>OH MY GAWDDDDDDD!!!  I am in love with Tre Wilcox!  Why have I not been here sooner?  I don't live THAT far gosh darn it!  I really wanted to check in last night but for some reason the Yelp app said I was too far which was weird because I was inside the restaurant!  I also would've written my review immediately following dinner but I was suffering from delicious food coma!So my boyfriend is the sweetest ever and took me here for a joint anniversary dinner with another couple who started dating around the same time as us.  (Shout out to A&T!  hehehe..)Let me say, our waiter whose name is Luis is freaken awesome and knows his stuff to the T.  He made all these recommendations that were right on.  With that said, service was top notch.  We all did our research and the 4 of us shared 2 appetizers - the duck spring rolls and pork belly.  The spring rolls are actually egg rolls but WOW.  The egg rolls are LOADED with duck which were so tender and flavorful.  It comes with a spicy pomegranate dipping sauce that had the right amount of kick at the end.  What a great first impression!  The pork belly was flavorful but a little too fatty for me.  I let the boys finish that.  Each couple had the soup of the day - lobster bisque.  YUM-O!  It's not your typical bisque with all this cream.. it was so very light and flavorful.  He even included pieces of lobster in there for you.  Luis told us Tre is the king of risotto and makes it extremely creamy.  Now that's my kind of risotto!  He strongly recommended the scallops which came lobster risotto so I went with that!  The bf had the buffalo tenderloin which is on many of Loft 610's reviews.  A&T ordered the chicken & salmon.  We also had the bacon and scallion risotto, grits, and blue cheese bread pudding for our sides.  When all our entrees came out, we were like whoa!  They portions were humongo.. very unexpected.  My first bite of everything was literally ORGASMIC!  No lie... everything was so flavorful and tender.  Okay my mouth is watering right now remembering how good everything was.  We loved EVERYTHING and finished it all!  We couldn't let it go to waste!So yes, we ordered two desserts.  A&T ordered the tahitian vanilla bean cheesecake and we ordered this smores dessert.  Both were the perfect portions - not too rich but rich enough.  I'm more of a fruit person so I liked the cheesecake better.  There was this crispy round slice on the cheesecake plate - wasn't sure what it was so we all took a small bite.  It was a fried pineapple slice!  OMG it was so good... And to top things off... we met THE TRE WILCOX!!!  Luis told us he is in the kitchen cooking EVERY night (unless he takes a vacay which he def deserves).  The kitchen is open to the dining area so you can watch him cook!  What's awesome is that he's so down to earth and very cool.  We even took a picture with him.  Wow... I was star struck.  This has become one of my fave restaurants because of Tre Wilcox and how awesome he is and the food.. omg the food is AMAZING.  Definitely coming back!
<review# 1645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2010,4/10/2010,145,236,7,12,9>The Sunday Funday $20 all you can eat rolls and bottomless sake is freaking ridiculous.  The choices run deep as opposed to some place that have specials on just the most basic rolls.  I liked the crunchy tuna and spicy salmon.  They include tip (on a table of 9 at least) and kept the hot and cold sake coming.  Its gets crowded so call ahead or get there before 7.  And you have enough sake you can sing the "Miss mary mac mac mac.  all dressed in black black black" childhood song with the people at the table behind you.
<review# 1646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,4/9/2010,98,143,7,10,9>I must say, Fuel City is by far one of my favorite places to get tacos. Being from San Antonio, I am absolutely in love with barbacoa. Unfortunately, there are very few places that actually do it right. Most of the time you end up with meat that is super fatty, and leaves you wondering if you are going to spend the majority of your evening trapped in the bathroom. But Fuel City does it right!!! There barbacoa is lean meat, well spiced, and has the perfect amount of onion and cilantro to compliment the tasty flavors. Typically I do not stray from my typical all barbacoa plate, but today I decided to try the chicken fajita tacos. I must say...definitely NOT impressive at all what-so-ever. The chicken way dry and very under-seasoned and left me wanting more. Another disappointment came when we saw a sign that says breakfast is only served until 10am. My friends and I arrived at 11:30, and we placed our order, even though we desperately wanted breakfast tacos. We were all pretty peeved when we looked through the window only to discover that they were still making breakfast tacos?!?!? We contemplated ordering more tacos; however, with the taco-fest we were about to indulge in, we knew there was no  way we could possibly eat more. Overall, I love Fuel City for what it is...a totally random restaurant off the beaten path. Its especially fun to visit on a Friday or Saturday night after clubbing/bar hopping with friends. You will definitely see a variety of Dallas flava in the parking lot, and have quite the experience!
<review# 1647,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2009,4/8/2010,80,190,7,7,8>Naturally our next step after going out for dinner and drinks, was more drinks.  A few ideas were tossed on the table but Times Ten got every ones attention.  I knew nothing about Times Ten Cellars before visiting it this past weekend, besides my wife raves about it.  From the moment we drove up I liked it.  I felt like we stumpled upon a little neighborhood joint.  Before going in I was thinking it was your typical wine bar; a large selection of labels that every other wine bar carries...boring, nothing special.  Then I was happily proved wrong.  I learned that the list is very unique...it's all their own wine...ah hell, another urban located bar trying to make their wine.  I was honestly expecting mediocre grape juice and again, I was happily proved wrong.  All four of us decided to do a flight of wines consisting of 4 that we each select.  Trying everyone's choices, we had everything from light whites to heavy reds and they were all good.  Some better than others but none were bad, and several very different.  Their Blend X is something to try.  Turns out that they get a lot of their juice from other parts of the country but they just had their first crush at the winery in way far West Texas.  The service made everything that much better.  The person behind the bar poured every glass for us and talked about each one...what he smells and tastes, what they would pair with.  Every glass he poured for us he poured one for himself...I like this guy.  He sometimes came off as a little bit of a cork dork but hell, he knew his wine so it didn't bother. Although I didn't really walk around the place, from what I did see it was a really cool space.  Different rooms with either couches and chairs, to bar tops and tabels...the kind of place that you find yourself when they turn the lights on and the music off.  Now if there was only a late night taco joint next door that would lessen the pain of the on coming morning wine headache.
<review# 1648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2009,4/7/2010,57,857,3,6,6>I owe this find to Nikki B who turned me on to this place. I never would have known about it otherwise, for some strange reason. Anyway, thank you!Let me start with first impressions. This place is too cool for Dallas. I felt as if I had been transported to Madison, Berkeley, or Seattle. In other words, I loved the funky ambience and laid back approach.To the food: I went twice, once on a Saturday to check it out when I thought lines would be shorter, and on a Tuesday to get the famed brisket tacos. The first time it was around noon and the line was out the door anyway. I had some kind of soft taco combo, forget the name because it was a couple of weeks ago. But my impression was very favorable and the jalapeno ranch is just outstanding. Although it was a thoroughly positive experience and I have nothing bad to say, my thirst for tacos was not completely sated. So I returned on Tuesday this week (10/13/09) for brisket tacos with a friend from work. He had never even heard of brisket tacos. We got there about 11:15-ish and the line was very short, just a few people, so we ordered quickly and nabbed a table without problem. We got two orders and an order of the disaster queso. Both were excellent and lived up to the hype. My friend liked the taco so much he saved the second to take home to his wife so she could experience it. Such a sweetheart. Not me, I ate them both and finished off the queso. I am definitely a fan and  plan to make this place part of my regular lunch rotation. Thanks Nikki B!
<review# 1649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2010,4/6/2010,541,525,16,14,16>*Sitting by the fire enjoying a nice glass of Pinot, reading my favorite novel* Oh, Hello! *puts down book* How are you today? Would you like to join me in a nice glass of wine by the fire? Pinot not your choice? Ok, well here look at the menu *hands you the menu*. Ah, the Cabernet, nice choice. Turns to nice gentleman making rounds..."Oh excuse me, can we get a glass of the Cabernet? Great thanks!" Great conversation, lovely atmosphere. Hmm...wine is definitely setting in. Lets get the cheese platter with assorted goodies. *mouth full* lets get another round... Place seems to be getting more dark and definitely a lot more comfy...maybe I'll take a nap for 10 minutes. Ah hell...i'll get another glass instead. This time...I'll try the Italian desert wine, goes nice with my cheese. *head falling down, eyes are heavy...possible snoring*Ok, friends I guess I should go, see you tomorrow for Happy Hour...that way I can ponder my choices of either $1 off glasses under $8, $2 off glasses over $8, $1 off beer, 10% off bottles of wine. Yes will definitely be back...with my pillow and slippers. Wait...where am I?
<review# 1650,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2009,4/5/2010,140,90,14,11,11>Dear Thai 2 Go,Why have you been hiding from me for so long? I've worked less than a mile away from you for almost a year now, and somehow we've been strangers this entire time.  But by the power of Grayskull, I mean, by searching Yelp, I discovered your existence just this month and couldn't wait to make your acquaintance.  Of course, with a name like "Thai 2 Go", I was a bit dubious, but I was willing to overlook the fact that your name makes you sound like an Asian quik stop. Jesus H. Christ on a cracker, you made all my doubts fly out the window faster than a fat kid at a cake buffet.  From your super speedy food preparation to your ample portions, you thoroughly impressed me, T2G (I hope you're ok with the abbrev).  I mean, as I dug into my panang curry with chicken at my desk back at work, I started daydreaming about having a kiddie pool full of that spicy, coconut milk and bell pepper goodness to smother myself in (on second thought, this would lead to extremely uncomfortable burning in some really unpleasant places, but you get my drift.)I felt like a desperate girl that got somebody's digits at a bar: should I call and try to meet them tomorrow or wait at least two days?  What if I totally creep them out and they don't remember me?  Well, I just couldn't stay away, don't think I'm stalking you or anything.  I had to know if you were one of those places that makes a great first impression and then after that initial magical interaction, you put on the sweatpants and XXL t-shirt and make no effort to keep the spark in our relationship.Well, you've made me a believer and I couldn't leave you if I tried.  The pad see ew you whipped up for me on our second date was a food party of flat noodle, broccoli and soy sauce magic.  I couldn't stop eating though my stomach said no, I just told it to shut up and polished that mess off.  I have every intention of coming back asap to try out your pad kee mao, so you'd better get used to my presence. I have the feeling this is the beginning of a beautiful relationship, and I can only hope you're as excited about our future together as I am.  You offer me free delivery, but I love that short drive to see your pretty little face on Forest Lane.  Expect me within the next few days, I don't think I can go too long without you.**DISCLAIMER: This isn't an addiction, I can quit anytime I want! Heh...wait, maybe it is.
<review# 1651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2010,4/4/2010,88,90,9,13,12>The g/f and I had just finished a Valentine's Day brunch at Hattie's and I had suggested stopping by DSChoc to see what it was all about and pick up some chocolate, which we like to occasionally enjoy with the bottle of red wine we put down every night.  This was also convenient because it eliminated the risk of buying a crappy, unappreciated box of Russell Stover's Chocolates for the lovely, overly-commercialized holiday we were celebrating. All the while, I was still able to reinforce the basic stereotype/tradition of the holiday and provide something entertaining to do.  Generally speaking, I do not care much for dark chocolate.  After this experience, I have to wonder if that opinion was formed solely from the crappy dark chocolate candy bars taking up space in my trick-or-treat bag every Halloween. Cuz this stuff was good. Seriously.  I mean, "Mint Julep" with Dewar's and mint? Hellz yeah. And Apple Jack, with apple butter and Jack Daniels? Not that it all has whiskey - our box of twelve and only those 2 had alcohol.  As previously mentioned, there are "Dude" and "Sweet" chocolates.  The sweet is well, sweeter - obviously.  But make no mistake, it is darker than your traditional Hershey's or Lindt milk chocolate. The owners were really cool too and let us try a few samples of the stuff that they were making.  They definitely know what they're doing.  I think my favorite thing may have even been just the cool designs that they somehow transfer to the tops of all of the chocolate pieces.  In short, I have to give this place 5 stars, because I couldn't think of a single thing I would do to improve it.  The standard of independent chocolate shops everywhere as far as my limited experience is concerned.
<review# 1652,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2010,4/3/2010,52,186,14,16,14>If I called out another guy's name in the bedroom, my husband would probably not be thrilled. Unless that name happened to be Paulie Gee.Let's back up a moment. After obsessing over the Il Cane Rosso website for weeks, we finally went tonight for dinner. This "date night" has been planned since Monday, so to say I've been looking forward to it is an understatement. I rushed home from work, grabbed a few beers from the fridge, and my husband and I hopped on 75 and made our way to the corner of Preston and Forest for some of this magical pizza I've been reading about. I may regret saying this later, but Thursday night is the best night to visit Il Cane Rosso. There's no crazy hour-long wait for a table, so you can be seated immediately and not feel rushed. The husband and I decided to skip any starters and go straight for the good stuff: we ordered the Paulie Gee pizza (san marzanos / fior di latte / caramelized onions / soppresata picante / chiles / basil) and the Motorino (burrata / sausage / broccolini / chiles / garlic). In the meantime, our awesome waiter brought us a tub of ice for our beer bottles.Fast forward to the food. First, the Motorino: the burrata was mild and creamy, the sausage was Jimmy's, which means it was terrific, and the chilis added a nice slight kick. This pizza was really good, but not the star of the show. That, my friends, was the Paulie Gee. The san marzanos, crushed by hand, were perfect, as was the cheese. But the stars of the show were the remarkable soppresata picante and caramelized onions. The spiciness of the soppresata and the sweetness of the onions played off each other perfectly. This pizza was seriously spectacular.At this point, the husband and I were in food heaven. But then, it got better; the waiter brought us dessert: pizza fritti. Sounds simple enough on the menu, right? Fried dough / powdered sugar / chocolate. Honestly, there aren't words for how perfect these little zeppolis were. If you had told me, after tasting one, that I could only bring home my husband OR the zeppolis, I would've had a tough time deciding. Luckily, we polished off all 8 right there at the table, so any potential crisis was averted. As we were finishing up, the owner, Jay, came around to check on our meal. He was nice enough to stick around and chat for a good 10 minutes.All in all, despite some service confusion by someone who ended up not even being our waiter, this was near perfection. And so, if tonight I happen to call out the name Paulie Gee in my sleep, I think my husband will completely understand.
<review# 1653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2010,4/2/2010,273,298,6,14,9>Ah! I am obsessed with this place!! I can't believe that I've driven by this place so many times and I've never been in. Scardello is an amazing cheese/wine/lunch store. I walked in and plainly stated that I had no idea what I was doing but I knew I was really hungry and I really like cheese. The guy helping us, suggested all these cheeses for our cheeseboard. You sample everything then just decide what you'd like to eat. I definitely recommend the Truffle Tremor. That cheese is so amazing. I just had a 20 second daydream about it. Cheeseboard came with cheese (of course), nuts, baguette, olives, and usually dried fruit and honey. We also ordered a Sweet Italian Sandwich. Best sandwich of my freaking life. I think that in heaven, you would eat this sandwich every day. Cash breakdown: My boyfriend and I ordered a 3 cheese cheeseboard, a Sweet Italian Sandwich to share, and 2 beers. Total price...about 45 bucks. Well worth every penny. A couple things I was bummed about...1. I live pretty far away from this place and it was too hot outside for me to let the cheese I wanted to buy after our meal sit in the car while I ran a couple other errands. 2. There is no tip line on the payment receipt. The cheese enthusiast told me that since Scardello isn't classified as a restaurant they can't have  tip line. So if you'd like to tip these beautiful, wonderful people, bring cash money. Last tip: Parking is a mess for this area. If you turn right just before Scardellos there should be an open spot right behind the building.
<review# 1654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2009,4/1/2010,384,355,7,10,11>Let's face it... no one is going to Momma's Daughter's for the ambiance! It's just a big open room with bunch of old tables and a few country-esque decorative things on the walls. It's always busy at lunch, and full of businessmen and designers (it's in the design district). You may just get seated at a big table with some of these types. And you can expect the waitresses to give you a bit of 'tude. The big draw to MDD is the down home, better than your grandma's, cooking. Perfect on a cold day! One of my favorite dishes is the open face pot roast sandwich with brown gravy, a side of mashed tators, and fried okra. Veggies rotate out daily and there's always a good variety. Be sure to try the cornbread served complimentary, as well. And if that wasn't enough calories, their pies are d-frikkin-licious!
<review# 1655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2009,3/31/2010,213,499,7,15,8>I can't say enough good things about our dinner at Nick and Sam's.  I took my guy here for his birthday even though it was POURING rain.  Luckily they had a covered complimentary valet so we didn't have to get wet.  The atmosphere was dark and romantic.  We had a reservation but requested to be moved to a booth and they happily obliged.  That also put us closer to the pianist and the hustle and bustle of the open kitchen that we could watch, so we liked that.Service was excellent.  Our server appeared every time we needed him and left us to enjoy ourselves when we didn't.  He had lots of good recommendations for us on all our courses.   To start, we had the complimentary caviar appetizer and the seafood platter (with the dry ice) that had the littleneck clams, oysters, giant cocktail prawns, fresh crabmeat, and three tasty dipping sauces.  I wasn't a fan of the oysters (although I think they tasted exactly how they were supposed to--like seawater to "evoke the taste of the sea"...not my bag) but the rest was really good.  For our entrees, we had the 16oz prime aged ribeye cooked medium rare (with truffle butter) and the 10 oz filet cooked medium (with blue cheese).  I had a glass of the Malbec with my filet, and liked it a lot.  Both steaks were divine, and exactly the way we wanted them.  We paired them with half orders of lobster mac n' cheese and the creamed corn.  Both were delicious but I think the creamed corn was definitely the winner--thick, sweet, and creamy (just the way I like it, har).  I agree that it could almost be a dessert in itself.But no! For dessert we had the Bailey's tiramisu.  Hot damn.  It was a delightful deviation from the typical espresso or dark rum kinds I usually see.  REALLY good.  And the best part was our server brought it to us with a candle and a piece of chocolate ribbon that had "Happy Birthday!" written on it, all while the pianist played the happy birthday song and the whole restaurant "aww"-ed, sang, and clapped for my guy!!  It was presh.  Oh!  And I can't forget to mention the free little glasses of port that came with our dessert--you can always win me over with free alcohol!Now, I've got to say that none of the food (except maybe the dessert) was mind-blowingly amazing, but everything was really well-prepared and nothing disappointed.  Plus based on some of the other reviews, I was actually expecting our meal to cost a little more, so for the quality of food, service, and ambience, I'd say it's a great little spot to take that special someone.  Definitely recommend it!
<review# 1656,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,3/30/2010,148,98,8,18,15>Now normally when people say, "I sailed with the Captain last night," it means they drank their fair share of Captain Morgan and Diet Coke the night before.  However, the Captain that I sailed with this time around is Scott Self. We "Sailed with Scott" last Saturday for my birthday and it was AWESOME. I know that it's in Rockwall, but dare I say it is worth the drive regardless of where you live in the Metroplex. Scott is so cool. (He took 2-3 years to build this beautiful boat himself.) He and his wife are part of a crew of 3. They took pictures of guests, explained things about the boat and were generally just good people. In fact, they will give you sailing lessons and let you steer the "ship:" if you so desire. (And of course I did. All I needed was a Captain's hat.)They supply cold bottled water but let you bring your own food and booze. They even have huge coolers filled with ice for your beverage/s of choice. We sailed around Lake Hubbard and watched the sunset with a glass, or two, of wine in hand. It almost made me want to move to Rockwall.For $25.00 this isn't a bad deal and something totally different to do. Reserve you spot online as they only allow 49 people per trip. Note: They don't charge your credit card until you step on the boat. In fact, one of our friends couldn't make it and they didn't end up charging him. Captain Scott's words: "We don't charge people who don't show up. I figure at some point they wanted to come on the boat and something must have come up that was more important to them." Very Cool Captain Scott...Very Cool!
<review# 1657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,3/29/2010,92,346,17,8,8>Looking for a place to impress a date?  Entertaining some out-of-town business clients?  Look no further than Daiquiri's To Go.  This classy institution has been frequented by visiting celebrities such as Michael Bolton (from Office Space, not the singer) and Balloon Boy's parents since 2007.  The punctuation error in its name is a hallmark that locals have come to know and love.Pull right into the tastefully renovated garage and stop at the stop sign.  This place is small and easy to miss, but not if you keep an eye out for the classy gentleman's club next door or (if it's a weekend evening) the hookers on the sidewalk.After parking your car at the stop sign, you may be temporarily dazed by the number of choices on the menu.  Take your time.  This may be the most important decision of your life.Service is polite and efficient.  While your passengers are debating the menu, the employees will give you updates on the Mavericks game from their state-of-the-art 10" rear projection television.  They'll even keep an eye out for any cops on your behalf should you already be inebriated (as a passenger, of course).Two top sellers are the Blue Margarita (named after K-Mart's Blue Light Special) and the Backbreaker (named after your mom).  The names of the drinks get much classier than that, but if you're looking for the tastiest bang for your buck, these won't let you down.  Sex in Dallas may sound tempting, but you can do better.Insider's tip: if you are afflicted with high tolerance, add an extra shot for $1 rather than upgrading to the larger size.Bottom line?  It's an experience not to be missed, especially after dark.
<review# 1658,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2010,3/28/2010,290,376,7,13,13>What a wonderful experience here last night. A BFF visiting from out of town took me and another friend to Ferrari's in Addison  for dinner. It was one of her favorites when she lived in the area. And, of mine. I had many a business/client lunch here, as well as with family, but hadn't been in some time; experiences were always with exceptional service and food, and the tradition has continued. The friendly welcome immediately sets the mood; the host/manager is so very gracious, and genuinely happy to see us. The atmosphere is so pleasant; discreetly upscale, soft music, low lights and the feel of a true Italian villa. I really enjoy the view of the wood burning oven in the back; it contributes to a nice, homey feeling, sorta like being in your Italian Mom's kitchen. The separate bar area just inside the entrance is cozy and intimate and a great spot for a quiet HH with snacks. Randy is our young cheerful server and he too greets and welcomes us, first taking our drink orders. The wine list is quite nice, with good selections by the glass and bottle. My friend's Chardonnay and my Pinot Noir were very generous pours. Other friend enjoyed his usual Miller Lite; he is delightfully predictable; I always know what to order for him if he arrives late. There is rarely a deviation. The first high spot; the wonderful wood oven burning Focaccia bread served first, with a nice Marinara dipping sauce. This is a great start, who needs soup or salad? We munch down on that with our libations. On to our entrees: CANNELLONI ALLA FIORENTINA - two wonderful crepes filled with tender well seasoned veal, spinach, a beautiful pink tomato cream sauce, and freshly grated parmigiana cheese (lots of it, please!) . I also ordered extra sauce on the side, and OMG, I received a "bowl" of sauce, not a tiny cup. We all looked at that and agreed that some added linguine would make a whole other entree. This dish was one of the best cannelloni I've enjoyed; the creamy pink sauce while rich was not overpowering; the crepes were tender and the fillings had so much flavor; think I detected a little nutmeg. Yep, half went home, along with bowl of sauce. CHICKEN MARSALA - two large chicken breasts, with mushrooms, garlic , and Marsala wine; served with Fettuccine Alfredo (again extra sauce). The chicken was tender, moist, and flavors of the garlic and wine paired beautifully with the Marsala wine. The Alfredo sauce on the pasta? Creamy, melted Heaven in the mouth. BFF sent half of hers home with me. I am primed for good lunches for a few days. BOSCO SALAD - Ah, our healthy dining friend (we are soooo proud of him, he is really watching his diet!) A dinner size of spring mix greens , pear slices, Gorgonzola, pine nuts, with a port wine vinaigrette. We tried to talk him into adding grilled chicken, but he declined as he had already had his protein for the day. The vinaigrette was quite tasty !! This again is an upscale restaurant, but very comfortable and casual; not stuffy or pretentious; the ambiance offered the perfect setting for a quiet get together. The menu is varied; a nice selection of apps, salads, soups, entrees of pastas, beef, chicken, veal and fish. (Dying to try the Sea Bass next time I go) We didn't try the desserts but they looked yummy as well. Next time! For the quality and quantity, I felt the prices were quite reasonable considering the whole package; our entrees were in the $18 range, with the friend's dinner salad around $14. It's definitely not your Macaroni Grill or Olive Garden. Food was wonderful; wine was, well, what else can you say, but that it was the perfect pairing with a great experience, food, and time with special friends. Randy's service was great; not intrusive, but always nearby, checking on us in the appropriate intervals. We noted that they offer a lunch special of $9.95 Mon-Fri. Didn't take the time to check out the menu, but bet it's worth a try. The web site declares several HH hours, free pizza, 1/2 price drinks and apps also Mon-Fri. Yep, gotta go back real soon, so close to my crib could almost walk, but certainly will not! Can't wait until lunch tomorrow to re-enjoy the meals!TIP - There is Rosemary growing in a large pot adjacent to the entrance.  Don't forget to pluck some to take with you on the way out  for your next Italian dish prepared @ home !  Boy, it smells soooo good!
<review# 1659,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/3/2010,3/27/2010,226,292,8,17,12>Gather your pitchforks and your torches. . .the evil monster is breaking the five star love fest.As much as I hate to be the one to break the streak, but here we go.Sushi Masu is good, but can you find better sushi if you drive 10 minutes in any direction? Absolutely.The gf and I went here for dinner a couple weeks ago hoping to find a new spot to become regulars (it seems I've Yelped too many of my favorites because they're being overwhelmed. . .booo).We started off with an order of the spicy edamame while we perused the menu. It was edamame coated in a mix of sriracha and ketchup or tomato sauce. . .not great. It wasn't spicy, it was overly tangy and we made a mess trying to eat it before just giving up. Ketchup and soy beans is not a good mix, kids, don't do that.The sushi fared somewhat better. The rainbow roll was by far our favorite. They were very generous with the fish and I would highly recommend it to anyone visiting. My only complaint was it wasn't wrapped tightly and fell apart pretty quick (a trend with that continued with our other roll as well). The sashimi was fresh but the red snapper was a bit suspect and left the gf not feeling too hot. I have the constitution of a garbage disposal so I felt fine, but there was a slightly off taste to it. The spider roll was overly breaded and didn't have the big pieces of soft shell crab full of legs and joints I've come to expect. The big disappointment, however, was the White Russian Roll (spicy tuna roll with white tuna and black caviar on top). The flavor was OK but what really caught me off guard was that it was served incredibly warm. Not 'it sat out for too long and got close to room temp' warm, but 'accidentally placed on a hot plate or under a heat lamp' warm. In turn the white tuna got slightly rubbery and it had quite the awful texture to it. The closest thing I could compare it to is eating tongue that's slightly undercooked. . .it was just chewy enough to be very unsatisfying (sorry if you find the comparison gross, but it's true).There were high points and low points, and I'll definitley give Masu another shot in the near future. But for now, I've been left underwhelmed.
<review# 1660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2009,3/26/2010,150,120,9,14,12>It seems yelpers are pretty split on Babes--- I'm going to go with the "glass is half full" team.I remember the days when Babes was a different kind of place, with bluehaired waitresses and people that would show you magic tricks. It used to be much more downhome country.  These days the waitresses are local kids who need money for their apple bottom jeans and chis, but they're nice people and can take your orders all the same.The food is consistent and they have the best chicken fried steak I've come across in Dallas.  As you can read below, you order your meat, and then the sides come out family style. Home-cookin' is my kryptonite and always makes me happy, and Babes makes me really damn happy.  Bring the family and enjoy your meal :)!
<review# 1661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2009,3/25/2010,169,220,8,12,14>After beginning the day with a terrible, horrible, no good, very bad day, only two things made me happy: the always friendly service people at Sewell Lexus and a burger and fries from Maple & Motor.I kinda, sorta wanted a burger from Keller's, because you know, calories and fat cure all ailments, but I didn't feel like making the trek up to Northwest Highway. Fuel City was option number #2, but then I remembered that new little burger place on Maple and so I went.Cheeseburger and fries. Seven bucks and change for a damn good burger. It was HUGE, so I didn't finish the whole thing, but what I did eat was arguably one of the best burgers in Dallas. As others have said, the bun was perfectly toasted, the meat wasn't too thick and was perfectly seasoned. The fries were crispy and also had a good amount of seasoning without being overwhelming.I'm dying to try their fried bologna sandwich, even though I don't particularly like fried things or bologna, but I think I can make an exception.
<review# 1662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2010,3/24/2010,125,194,12,8,14>It's 2010 and my New Years resolution is to go to more dive bars. But no, I need to take it a step further, as I am not one to half ass anything. I have gathered a group of my favorite hoodlums ( aka- friends) and we have decided to try 1 -4 new dives each weekend on a mini crawl through DFW. We even came up with a rating system based on 10 criteria: Drinks, Games, Entertainment, Decor, Atmosphere, clientele, food, bathrooms, Music, and Miscellaneous. This was bar #4 and the final one of the evening. 1. Bar- beer and wine only. Cash only. 2. Games- one crowded pool table and a slot machine for show only. 3. Entertainment- none to speak of, but you could entertain yourself for hours watching the cracked out bartender or talking to the crazy as all get out owner. 4. Decor- slightly nautical to coordinate with the "Ship's" feeling. 5. Atmosphere- tight, crowded, dim, very thin bar, few tables, but loud and boisterous. 6. Clientele- Holy shit. The people here were incredible. Upon our entering, we were asked if we were with the pirate party. When we said no, we were immediately asked if we would like to be. No sooner had we said "hells yeah" then we were whisked inside, and adorned with eye patches, bandannas, hook hands, telling pirate jokes and taking pictures with randoms. Apparently it was some guys 25th bday and that was his theme. I became his best friend immediately. 7. Food- Again, I saw some some chips and some Tums ( random?) 8. Bathrooms- gross and small small small. 9. Music- 1 old jukebox 10. Miscellaneous- when we were leaving we were stopped by the owner who said he had never seen us before. He then gave all 4 of use Ship's Lounge key chains and proceeded on a 10 minute diatribe about people using the word "MF". I loved him, I wanted to put him in my pocket. Truly excellent bar.
<review# 1663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2010,3/23/2010,100,86,15,17,17>Every now and then, I have to work on a Saturday.  Not the "I checked my work email while in my pajamas drinking my morning coffee" Saturday work schedule but the suit and full makeup Saturday work schedule.  Just thought I'd put that out there to squash any delusions you may have about my glamorous life.  The only saving grace of working Saturday is lunchtime.  The firm went through a period of time where we ordered from Chipotle EVERY week.  To this day, I can't look at a burrito without thinking of my 10 hour Saturday work day.  Recently, we have begun branching out (this may or may not be because I refused to come to work if we ordered from Chipotle again).  Last Saturday, we ordered from Mama's Daughter's Diner.  Holy mama!  This place is good!  Like, food coma good!  The chicken fried chicken is what I'd imagine my grandma's to taste like (if I had a Southern grandma, of course).  The creamed corn tastes like dessert!  The mac 'n cheese is comfort food at its finest! The cobbler is a tad on the runny side but I may think that because my experience with cobbler is fairly limited (no Southern grandma, see note above).  The food is so good, it almost makes up for working on a Saturday... almost.
<review# 1664,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2009,3/22/2010,462,279,11,20,16>**Yelp's map shows this restaurant at the wrong location, it is actually at Plano Rd./Walnut, not on Greenville Avenue.**I'm having a really difficult time coming up with a rating for The Boiling Crab.On the one hand, I may have just found what I've been trying to find for months, an affordable place to get down and dirty with a pot of boiled seafood.  The Boiling Crab offers just that.  Picnic tables covered with butcher paper freshly ripped from the roll for each set of customers, seafood of your choice (various kinds of crab/crab legs, shrimp, crawfish - charged by the lb. - and various fried seafood items) boiled fresh to order with various kinds of seasonings and spice (heat) levels and disposable bibs that cover your entire torso.On the other hand, there were just enough reasons that I just can't justify giving anything higher than 3 stars.Good:1.  Relatively inexpensive.  2lbs. of Snow Crab legs and 1lb. of shrimp, sides and 2 drinks for $40.50.2.  Tasty seasonings.3.  Down and dirty definitely applies.  Note to anyone considering this as a first date spot - don't do it.Mediocre:1.  This isn't the best seafood in town, although it's relative to the price.2.  The seasonings might take a bit of tweaking to find the right combination.  The lemon pepper/mild heat combination worked very well for the shrimp.  Not so much for the crab.3.  Service was pretty spotty.  In their defense, the place was packed and the servers were scrambling.Meh:1.  They charge for water.  You heard correctly...they charge for water, a quarter a cup.  My husband justified this by saying that it pays for my styrofoam cup.  My justification is that his $2.00 soda paid for both our cups.2.  They nickel and dime each side.  We ordered 3 corn cobs ($2.25) and an order of potatoes, which consisted of 3 of the tiniest new potatoes ($1.50).  My 1/2 Cajun upbringing tells me that these items should come standard.  Really.Overall, we enjoyed our meal.  We'll pay The Boiling Crab another visit and armed with the knowledge we gained by our first experience, we'll do a little tweaking to our next order.  I'm hoping for an improvement, both in my impression of The Boiling Crab and my star rating.
<review# 1665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2010,3/21/2010,443,598,11,13,10>A friend and I came here because she wanted the Wednesday 1/2 price oysters and I came for the cheap booze and other non-mollusk foods. I started out with a mango wine marg and a cup of sausage and shrimp gumbo. The mango marg was actually quite tasty. I like how the gumbo isn't cooked with shrimp because it just gives it that shrimpy flavor, but it was just topped with it. It also had a tiny bit of spiciness to it. I like. For my main meal I ordered 3 fish tacos. I actually only had 2 tacos and shared the other with my friend. My first taco was in fact a grilled tilapia, however, my other taco was grilled catfish. It looked like catfish, smelled like catfish, and tasted like catfish. Sigh... maybe they ran out of tilapia?As for a side, I had an order of 6 hush-puppies. My hush-puppies were awesome. They were super hot, crunchy, had a nice kick from the tiny bits of peppers and the bits of corn added some more texture to it. Slather on some butter and you have yourself a very unhealthy, fried, buttery, and tasty side.Notes: Bathroom is out in the back and remember what you had because it's on the honor system (Consuming cheap margaritas does not help).
<review# 1666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2010,3/20/2010,259,232,18,14,16>Stupid name, sexy burger. I would have never stopped at this unassuming (quite frankly, crappy) location way up North were it not for a recommendation from a friend. If you are wearing sweatpants with a hole in the crotch, are hungover as hell, haven't washed your hair in a week, and smell like cigarettes and regret...this is your walk of shame meal!The place is run by a Greek couple (hence, awesome gyros), and all of their ingredients are fresh. They chop the lettuce themselves, they grill the bun, they grill the jalapenos (amazing!) and they use a freaking POUND of magnificent meat.If I was a sissy, I would say split this bad boy. But I'm not. I'm extremely masculine and strong. But seriously, this is the biggest, baddest burger I've ever had. And I think it was like four dollars?!! And they had sweet 'tater fries! Lord have mercy on my fatty soul.Another plus: they have lots of fun bottled drinks. Weird Asian ones and Topo Chico, too! So take off your pants and waddle on up...this trip up north is totally worth it. Your arteries will thank you, too.
<review# 1667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2009,3/19/2010,108,346,2,11,8>Maybe it's the fluffy cream cheese frosting or the overflowing cake oozing out of the delicate cup. The frosting is perfectly sweetened, not overpowered by the cream cheese. Flavors worth trying: Strawberry, Lemon, Spice, & Red Velvet.I kept comparing their strawberry to Sprinkle's wishing they had actual strawberries in the frosting or actual lemon zest in the lemon cupcake frosting. That pop of flavor would've been perfect. The carrot cake fell short on expectations...it was missing something. Maybe more cinnamon or nutmeg?  Hands down the best Red Velvet and Spice cupcake.Society Bakery is so much better than Sprinkles. They're simple, bigger, and much of their proceeds goes to local charities. Good and for a good cause... I like!
<review# 1668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2010,3/18/2010,193,345,13,20,16>You have got to be kidding me.  Seriously.  A restaurant that not only allows "seconds" but you can just randomly order anything you want over and over.  You want to start with a slice of meatloaf, then maybe try some fried chicken? Sure! How about some spicy mac and cheese on the side?  Absolutely! Let us know when you run out and we will just bring along another bowl! What? Yes.  Cozy, Friendly, Tasty, Cheap & Delicious.  A few of my favorite things!Oh and Thursday night is half price wine night.  A bottle of Malbec for $15? Sure, sign me up for 2! Cause after all, half price really means 2 for 1, right? Celebration, you give me a lot to celebrate.
<review# 1669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2009,3/17/2010,213,158,14,12,11>I finally did it. It finally happened. I made it...to Victor Tango's. And after all the hype...all the reviews...all the suggestions.......I have one thing to say: "Victor, will you marry me?"Went with the 'rents....and had an amazing time. From the greeting of the valet guys, to the salutations from the staff....the entire night was exactly how you wish every dining experience would play out.Service? Top notch, I sayOur waitress was extremely personable and loved that we were newbies...she knew her stuff, was not pushy, made some great recommendations for cocktails and food choices......even gave us tips on when to order certain things so that it all complimented well. *cue applause*..... I cant wait to go back and just hang out at the bar...they had like 12 bartenders back there, all very friendly...and they call their bar an extension of their kitchen, and have fun creating new cocktails. Fun times for everyone.Ambiance? About as chic as you can getClean lines, dim lights, high booths and mirrors make for a very chic and cozy feel. I loved admiring the hundreds of different martini shakers that lined the walls...totally wanted to stuff one in my purse. Didn't though *looks around very NOT guilty-likeGood Drinks?? Slap-yo-mamma goodThey take pride in their "other kitchen" a.k.a The Bar. Their cocktails ooze creativity and flavor.....and definitely make for conversation pieces. I got The Victor Tango....very similar to a Mojito, but sweeter. I swear they walked outside and picked the mint leaves right off the plant before putting them in my drink. SO fresh. My mom got the Blueberry concoction they offered.....she was in heaven. Get a cocktail and wait for the angels to sing!Food? The Food? THE FOOD!!!!!! Dear Jesus in heaven, the food. To START....we got an order of the BLT Sliders (That's Bacon, LOBSTER & Tomato....mmhhmm...take a moment).....tempura fried green beans with wasabi dipping sauce, and kobe beef mini taco's. The lobster sliders were awesome..on tiny buttered rolls, a perfect amount of bacon and fresh tomato all on top of a lobster salad that is very much like the infamous lobster roll you get when you to Maine. Delicious. I wasnt too excited about the green beans, but then I saw them...they were enormous! Long, thick and perfect for dipping (TWSS!). They really were tasty. I'd have to say it was hard to beat the mini taco's though....oh man, kobe beef, in tiny little two bite taco shells....covered with shredded lettuce, freshly grated cheddar cheese, a dab of sour cream and a jalapeno.....These people are brilliant. For out next round, we got the lamb chops, the sea bass skewers, the crab beignets and an order of the cheddar cheese grits. Hands down the best Lamb Chops I've ever had in my life. Tender, cooked to perfections, sauce was amazing....all sitting on a little bed of sweet potato. The sea bass skewers almost send you into a taste bud coma...they literally melt in your mouth....so much that we were actually discussing how we were shocked they even stayed on the skewer...amazing. The crab biegnets were delicious....cooked to perfection and the dipping sauce was a perfect match. They were actually my least favorite decision of the night.....but I mean, they had some hard acts to follow. This....by far...hands down....no question....was some of the best food I have ever eaten....and to add the icing to the top of this angelic cake?? The food came out so fast....I mean, we barely had set our menu's down before our first treat was being set before us. It all comes out as it is ready so nothing ever gets cold, and you share with the table......they really got it right. So save me a seat at the bar....order me a cocktail and let's party like it's 1999. (And bring a big purse, I need another martini shaker to match to match this one.......sssshhh)
<review# 1670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2009,3/16/2010,281,210,9,20,11>Thank you Yelp for this great recommendation! Pros:I didn't cry!I LOVE my color. I've never been so happy with hair color in my LIFEThey took their time (this was also a con)Sukaya was really sweet. She did my cut and color.The sinks were really comfortable for the neck. You lay on a table with your head straight. Affordable!Cons:It took 5 complete hours. I was really hungry.They started cutting my hair without asking me what I wanted- then I told them what I wanted and they fixed it. It was really weird, but it turned out ok. For this reason, I'm docking a star. I'll definitely come back, especially since they made the perfect color for me! I feel much better about my looks and locks. Thanks Live Hair Group!
<review# 1671,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2009,3/15/2010,147,117,11,9,9>Welp, I finally made my triumphant return to the Sate Fair of Texas!  And it was exactly how I left it, crowded, dirty, delicous smell overload, a bit pricey, and full of that good ole fashion, creepy carnie vibes.  But hey....that's the Fair!The main thing that I like about the Fair, is the feeling of history and knowing that the Texas Fair, is known throughout the country as the grand daddy of them all, #1.  People have been doing what we did yesterday for FOREVER, i love that.First thing's first when you get to the Fair....Fletchers Corndog.  LeighF loved hers, but mine was lacking something this year, and maybe i just got a bad one, but the batter lacked it's faint sweetness, and the texture was different this year.  Oh well, moving on, plenty of eating in my future.  Our first fried stop, was the fried strawberry dipped in chocolate and sweet jalapeno corbreaded shrimp.  Thumbs up strawberry, FAIL Shrimpy McShrimperstein.  As we meandered through the crowd of slow walking morons, we hit up several more tasty treats of the midway.  I tried to pick out a clear winner, but i couldn't do it.  SO, tied for first place, was, the fried peanut butter jelly and banana sandwich, and the fried Texas pecan pie.  Oh baby, if I could eat those every day....well......I would be dead.....but with a smile on my face!  Also, I can't leave out my staple, that I just have to get every year, the Tornado Taters.  They were a perfect salty treat for sitting down and catching the end of Cowboys first half, in the "sports tent".  Sheesh, i thought watching a bad game with my die hard Cowboy buddies was bad.....please, get out there in the general public and watch it, KRIKEY!The Auto Show was same ole same ole, lots of cool hybrids this year.  Apparently the Dog Show has strict rules, and you cannot enter once it has begun, they should tell you that before you show up at 3:04, and are turned away.  Like it's gonna throw Fluffy off of her highly challenging, run through the tube trick, FAIL.  We caught a Killdares show, on the steps of the Cotton Bowl, that was pretty badass.  It was short and sweet, but we got just enough Irish rock, to get us through the rest of the day.We hit up the Midway, and this was new to me, the gondala that goes up and over the games and stuff.  That seemed pretty cool......if you're lame.  I don't know if they train the guys that run the games, or what, but they are hysterical.  They make you feel like Marty McFly, and you just can't fight the urge, once they call you yella.  But I refrained, i didn't feel like messing with the game cards and all of that crap, what happened to the old days, where you payed cold hard cash to toss a carnie's balls around?!??!  Huh?  HUH?!!?!?Anyway, with cold brews and the best people watching that you could ever hope to find, all in all, it was a great trip to the Fair.  You take the good, you take the bad, The Facts of the Fair.My stomach has not fully recovered yet.  You've been warned....
<review# 1672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2009,3/14/2010,621,968,12,19,12>Anyone that has been around me for the past few weeks knows that I had reservations for York Street this weekend.  It was my NASCAR-versary and I told the BF I'd rather go to eat at York Street than try and buy each other presents.  Besides, my birthday and Christmas are coming up so he'll have plenty of opportunity to buy my love.  hahaWe got there and when I walked in it really hit me how small this place is.  There are about 12 tables in there literally.  The back wall is all mirrored which makes it look bigger but it is TINY.  The good thing is that music was playing very lightly in the background and the chatter of all the other patrons made it not as quiet and awkward as I thought it might be.  Still, I wouldn't recommend it for a huge relationship discussion or some dirty pre-sex talk because if you WANT to eavesdrop, you can.  (That note is for the couple that were practically making out across from us and the "foodie" group sitting behind us that kept bragging to their friends about where they go eat.  I can hear you!!)First they bring out warm towels to wash your hands off.  This is when I started feeling like a little girl out at her first fancy restaurant...it was just unexpected.  Then next out they bring warm walnuts and spiced olives in oil.  These little things were yum - especially because I had starved myself all day to eat here!!  They also brought out bread and I agree that the bread was extremely difficult to break apart but tasted good once you put the warm butter on it.  We also ordered a bottle of wine: 2007 Clos de los Siete - it was a blend that was mostly malbec and luckily one of the least expensive on the menu at $40.  I liked how he poured it in a decanter and left both the decanter and the bottle on the table.After hearing a description of the menu, which changes daily, we made our choices.  I started with the last order they had in the kitchen of steak tartare and the BF had the mussels.  The steak tartare was a perfect appetizer of raw steak plus rye bread for putting it on.  The BF's mussels though were AWESOME!  The mussels were tasty and the broth was so yummy that he did eat every last drop of it with the spoon that they wisely bought.  The bread that was soaked in the broth with a sliver of cheese on top was eye-roll inducing.For my entree I ordered the veal chop and the BF ordered the antelope, both medium rare.  We ordered squash and spinach as our two sides.  The veal chop was actually a huge bone in chop which was a trip, especially since I've now seen chefs cut these chops and clear the bone on Top Chef.  It was fatty and meaty and melted in my mouth.  I could have used more than a butter knife to cut it but they never brought a steak knife and I didn't bother asking for one since I managed to eat it anyway.  I mean, I would consider picking this up by the bone and eating it caveman style.  The antelope was also good.  Never had antelope, tasted more like steak than chicken.  It was sitting on a bed of peas.  The BF said that some pieces were closer to medium than medium rare so perhaps the smaller pieces cooked a little too long.  The spinach was just straight up spinach - fresh, tasty, but not anything special.  The squash had the consistency of mashed potatoes and was buttery goodness!  I have never had squash like this but I will definitely want to have it like this again.At the time you order your entree you also order dessert.  So I got the apple buckle and the BF got the chocolate dessert which seemed like a chocolate pudding in consistency.  It tasted like dark chocolate awesomeness.  The apple buckle was like an apple cobbler with a more cakelike crust and vanilla ice cream on top.  Yeah...it was awesome!!  They also put a candle in both our desserts since we told the waiter we were celebrating our 1 year anniversary.  Nice touch!Speaking of our waiter - I loved him.  He was friendly without being the best friend guy and funny without being a stand up.  When he brought the tea around I told him "Eh, I like wine."  And we joked about that and then we discussed the wine we were drinking.  I told him I really liked it and was going to try and find it....he said that they also have their retail license and can sell me a bottle or even a case if I can't find it somewhere else.  He came back with a notecard with the name of the wine and the retail price written just in case I want to get some later.  Nice!  The other thing I was surprised about was the price of the food here.  Entrees range from $25 to $35, appetizers around $8 to $14, sides were $6 each (family style), and desserts ran around $8 to $10.  If you don't drink wine (but why don't you?  Really?) then you could get out of there fairly inexpensively for a nice meal like this.  Wines ranged from $40 all the way to $300+.  I didn't see any listed by the glass, but they did have half carafes.Overall food was great and service awesome!  I will definitely be back!!
<review# 1673,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,3/13/2010,120,67,15,11,11>It's hard to balance nerdiness, awesomeness and general pwnsauciness, fortunately Fruitealicious helps me maintain the person that I am. So what if everyone there knows me by name, knows what I drink and my entire schedule because I'm in there so often - I don't think it's sad at all. The reasons listed below are why you will probably see me there if you venture in to grab a bubble tea:Green tea was my love until Jon, the owner, introduced me to Oolong, now Oolong and I are inseparable. Yes, it's a tea. By offering free WiFi I can sit down with my laptop and enjoy updating Yelp (shameless plug, what?!), groan at Facebook, play my video games. Yes folks, that's right - Fruitealicious gives me the opportunity to crawl out of my parent's basement and still maintain my gamer geekdom while making people think I might be somewhat sociable. The best time to be had is when you are surrounded by a couple of friends and having, what seems to be, a mini-LAN party. If you don't know what that is, you might not be interested in knowing me at all!They truly know my name, first AND last, that says a few things: 1.) I am a sad, sad person. 2.) They care about their customers. Tres.) That's 3 in Spanish. 4.) They take pride in what they do and get to know their clientele.Lastly, but not leastly - they have THE best beverages in the world. Yeah, so maybe a few things seem a bit off by name or "content" alone, but rest assured if you try it, you won't be disappointed. I was hesitant to try aloe - I mean, that's what I rub on myself to prevent my skin from crinkling up like bacon after a sunburn, you know? Well, I'll be damned - Aloe actually TASTES better than it FEELS. Understand what I'm saying? Yeah, I don't either, but give it a whirl. Oh, their Pina Colada is made with real coconut cream and pineapple chunks... yum.
<review# 1674,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2010,3/12/2010,255,323,9,13,12>I'm thinking this place isn't affiliated with the one in Garland because a) no garlic knots; b) the food wasn't near as good.I was bamboozled into thinking Mooyah Burgers had already opened, but alas it wasn't.  I was in the mood to try something newish and I remembered that A Taste of Italy had opened right by my house!  Yay, me.At 11:30, the place was Emmmmpty.  Nobody in there.  When I left around 12:15, there were two other tables.Here's the good: The service was fantastic.  My tea was never more than half full.  My food arrived promptly.  But then again, I was one of three tables.The place is very nice looking on the inside.  To Rich's comment, it's more like TARGET Italian (a little more upscale than walmart) and the walls are actually skip troweled, not brick wallpaper.  They were playing some pretty cool French music (but alas, Lady Marmalade), so I felt quite continental as I ate my:the bad: mediocre food.The lasagna was decent.  The sauce seemed to be housemade, but a little light on any flavor but tomato.  I prefer a rich, meaty sauce that punches you in the balls as you eat it.The house dressing is weird--it's a tomato & basil vinaigrette, but it actually tastes kind of like cocktail sauce.  Very odd.You do get warm bread (served with "Country Churn Spread" (WTF?)) that seems to be made in-house.  It was pretty tasty, but would be much better if served with some olive oil instead of fake ass butter.The prices aren't too bad--the lunch special was $8 & change, including my salad and tea.It IS BYOB (with no corkage fee), so maybe dinner would be fun if you bring along a sack full of wine.
<review# 1675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,3/11/2010,193,459,3,7,5>We finally got to try this place after all the rave reviews. The food was good, especially the fatty pork belly, and soup. I didn't really like the kalbi since it wasn't marinated as much as I'm used to. The combo prices are ok, but after eating at the all-u-can-eat Korean bbq places I wasn't as satisfied as expected. The combos come with Soju/Beer, but if you're a huge meat eater like me, I'd rather just have another plate of meat. Per everyone's review, this place is good for 2-4 people. The bbq "pits" only seat 4 and if you have more than 5 they'll have to split your group up into 2 pits. The charcoal pits are cool but I couldn't really tell the difference between those and the gas grills at other places. In the end, this place is very unique (feels like you're at a picnic, but inside) and our group had fun (perhaps because the many shots of Soju). The tab wasn't too bad either: $120 for 6 people, 2 combos, 2 extra orders of meat, 3 extra bottles of Soju, and 4 cokes.
<review# 1676,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2009,3/10/2010,160,285,8,10,9>Bar none, my favorite restaurant...OF ALL TIME.  whenever I come here, it's a feast.  I can easily come here with a group of friends, become disgustingly full, and spend about $10.1)Their XLB, as Amanda S. calls it, (short for xiao lum balls or something in chinese I'm guessing?  I'm viet, me no speaky.) are delicious.  I usually eat a whole tray by myself.  2)Stir fried eggplant - It's either this or the XLB (small juicy steamed dumplings) as my favorite.  I know its so bad for me...but my stomach says child please...you can eat it.3)Green onion pancake - The third of the trio that I will always order when I go there.  Delicious.  Some say its not flaky enough, but to me, these are the best.Fried Rice - I love their style fried rice.  Not soy sauce based.  1-3 I get everytime I go.  If I do get a fourth item, it is usually the fried rice.  Their spicy wontons are good, along with their wonton soup.Once again, MY FAVORITE PLACE FOR CHINESE FOOD!!!
<review# 1677,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2010,3/9/2010,219,594,5,8,6>I love cheese in any form.  For a meal, for a snack, for dessert- sign me up!  (Even as a kid I was a fan of the Fivel movie American Tale- with the song that goes "There are no cats in America and the streets are paved with cheese...")  So when presented with Meridian Room's Cheese Plate, I was in heaven.  It's a huge mama of delectable goods.  And it feels healthy- because they're simple foods, with nutritional value, but also sooo good.I would say this is actually more of a "platter" than a "plate" because there was so much on the plate, it was about to spill over the sides.  it included: pear slices, apple slices, crusty bread slices, round crackers, cucumbers, grape tomatoes, and of course 3 chunks of cheese- of which I chose havarti, smoked gouda, and white cheddar.  I feel butterflies in my stomach just saying their names.The plate costs a hefty 12 bucks.  You can be altruistic and "share" your cheese, and share the bill, with a friend.  But... if that doesn't sit right with you, go on a Wednesday, when all food is half off, and enjoy every bite of this feast!
<review# 1678,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2009,3/8/2010,207,393,14,12,10>The hipsters have taken over. The secret it out and you can't put the cat back in the bag. Disclaimer: I am no regular. In fact, I am part of the problem: I read about Lee Harvey's and decided to drive all the way from north Dallas; I've never even ventured into that neighborhood (I needed my GPS); and I only know about Lee Harvey's because of Yelp. So in a sense, I feel sorry for the locals (if there are any in that neighborhood) and regulars. Their bar has become popular and "In" and they probably hate it, and for that, I apologize for discovering your bar. You can tell the bar, kitchen staff isn't used to the demand either: Drinks were slow and food was abysmally slower. (How long does it take to open a pop-top can and grill a burger?) Make no mistake, Lee Harvey's is cool because it has a very unique feel to it. In a city of over-commercialized corporate sameness, Lee Harvey's oozes nostalgia, with a look like it is stuck somewhere between the late 70s and mid 80s: Naugahyde couches and bar stools, repaired with tattered duct tape. Window-unit air conditioners sharing space with Billy D. Williams-style malt liquor beer signs. A Galaga/Mrs. PacMan stand-up arcade game that requires only one quarter. A juke box that isn't a digital wall unit. A tiny, ol' school tube TV recessed into a wall. Canned beer, and Schlitz and Pabst Blue Ribbon lend authenticity. However, some elements just felt out of place. First, they offered high-end, microbrew and obscure Euro imports, martinis, and wine by the glass. This attracts the hipster douche like watermelon attracts ants at a picnic. Don't get me wrong: I love Belgian Trappist-style Ale, but Lee Harvey's has no business selling a beer that comes in a fancy glass. Next, their wall-mounted menu had a peculiar inclusion: Arugula and Frisee salad with candied walnuts, pears and Maytag blue cheese. Dude, wait, what? If you order that and wash it down with a Chardonday, GTFO and take your poodle back to West Village. And finally, they had a DJ. And by DJ, I mean a guy with an Apple Macbook playing tunes off of his iTunes. I'm not bagging on his music choice or the dude himself (I had just put money in the jukebox right before he came on and he found in his iTunes my paid-for songs and played them through his system). But c'mon, a Macbook DJ at Lee Harvey's? There's so much to love about Lee Harvey's, but some of the recent additions, including the recent devotees, just don't fit.
<review# 1679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2009,3/7/2010,59,90,6,8,10>I hate pretentious. I mean really, really hate....as in I'd like to punch your lights out hate. Unfortunately, more and more bars down in Lower Greenville should have "pretentious" as their middle name...but not The Dubliner. This place is laid back cool. The waitresses have more tattoos than a bevy of Hells Angels - and we are talking sleeves here, not tramp stamps. Hello Suicide Girls. When I explained that I am not really a beer kind of girl, our waitress told me about all of the ciders in detail, and her recommendation of the Woodchuck Cider was spot on. Nice....The crowd is eclectic (at least it was the nights I was there) and it was not too crowded. There were some great (and fondly obscure) tunes playing, and the music was set at a nice volume - guy friend and I did not have to shout out a conversation. They also do not discriminate regarding patronage. Two chihuahuas were among the crowd on one Friday night. Next time I schlep in from the dreaded suburbs, I am bringing Punkin!
<review# 1680,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2010,3/6/2010,895,667,11,10,16>(I love Chris G's review.  Spot on!)I love JR's!  It's a great gayborhood neighborhood bar.  At any given time you will usually see a complex mix of people here.  Old dudes, young dudes, straight dudes, straight girls, gay girls, boys who look like girls, girls who look like boys.  I probably get more attention from the boys at this bar than any other bar in Dallas.  Not sure what that means, though.  But seriously, I think I make new friends every time I'm here.  I used to come here quite often with one of my gay friends.  I hadn't been in a while, but recently joined up with a few friends one Sunday afternoon.  True to form I met the nicest couple, and one of the guys showed me how to loop my scarf around my neck.  I've been trying to figure that damn scarf for ever!!  There are always music videos playing with cheesy-dance-techno-y music that you can't help shaking your booty to.  My favorite part of the bar is the upstairs patio.  It's a terrific place to stand around and watch all the colorful characters walking down below.  So much fun.  In all the times I've been here I've never eaten their food.  I have heard the food is good, but I'll reserve judgment until I try it myself some day.All in all this is a fun place.  Stop in and make a friend for the day!
<review# 1681,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/23/2009,3/5/2010,322,339,32,26,22>My crew of cutthroats has made me leery of sharp objects near my jugular, and I don't like the idea of someone cutting my hair and stealing my power: hence I don't get many haircuts. However, there comes a point when my golden tresses needed some trimming, and maybe some kind of deep conditioning treatment. A pirate must look her best. Since I do not get regular haircuts, I decided to try Orange after seeing Amy E.'s review a while back and the subsequent Yelp-hype. So does this salon make the cut?Pa-rum-pa-pum-pum. Hair stylist Mary Leyva cut my hair, and I am completely happy with the results. I took Mary some pictures of the type of cut I wanted and asked her opinion about the hairstyle. Mary really knows her stuff. After discussing the haircut, she cut it exactly the way we discussed, and she gave me some tips on how to style it as well. Mary being a proper Dallas gal - not from the suburbs, but real Dallas, was an added bonus, 'cause I love me some local girls.Mary's cuts cost $60.00, which pains a penny-pincher like myself, but I am so happy with the haircut and the stylist that I handed over my $60.00 + tip without flinching. I would like to note that when I called and booked the appointment, I was told that a cut from Mary would run $60. I called around to other salons (Regis and Toni and Guy) and their prices were similar. Haircuts for woman just cost a lot, that is just another social injustice we woman have to suffer.Fight the power. Down with the man.
<review# 1682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2010,3/4/2010,199,275,4,13,10>After attending the Arabian Nites EYE, D and I needed to get back to our hood before we drank ourselves into oblivion on Lower Greenville. Luckily, Mercy sounded like a great little date spot all of 3 minutes away from my apartment. Our waiter, Michael, was awesome. Everyone was so sweet and we got four flights of wine that we instantly fell in love with. I was feeling hungry because there wasn't nearly enough veggies at the EYE so I ordered the Grilled Cheese and Apple sandwich. This is why they call it Mercy.Someone have Mercy on me and make me stop eating this. Jarlsberg, Fontina, and tart apples melded together to form this beautiful buttery crunch and oozey goodness. The pomme frittes that came with had some kind of crazy addictive quality that caused D to steal them off my plate all night. To finish, we had the Chocolate Marquise sponge cake. It was ridiculously rich and was the perfect end to a lovely evening.Food and drink aside, the bathroom is naughty, the decor is sultry and hip, and the ambiance is modern and chill. It's definitely a little pricey but is well worth it. I'll be back...probably for happy hour though!
<review# 1683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2009,3/3/2010,49,77,5,4,5>This review is for the Sunday brunch only. I've never actually eaten here for anything else. One other disclaimer: unless the food or service was absolutely awful, I would automatically give this restaurant at least 4 stars due to having $1 bellinis and mimosas for brunch. ONE DOLLAR. Luckily the food, service, and ambience are pretty good, too. Anything with a cream sauce is a tad on the rich side for me, but if you drink enough mimosas you won't even care. Also, this place is always packed and like one reviewer said, a little "fake". But again, just have another mimosa. You'll be having too much fun to care!
<review# 1684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2009,3/2/2010,139,83,16,11,11>**A disclaimer before I begin:  I started this review in May and am now finishing it September.  My recollection of this very special evening has faded a bit, though I pretty much remember all of the important parts.**  As we all know, it's that time of year when some of us get a little jolt in our wallets from our tax refunds.  In the past, I've only heard about these "refunds" in myth and legend, as tax season for a freelance music composer means paying out an additional three thousand or so.    However, being recently married -- and to a DISD employee -- I found myself FINALLY receiving one of these much-coveted refunds.  My joy cannot adequately be expressed in a Yelp review, suffice it to say cartwheels and bouts of joyous, uncontrollable sobbing were involved.We thought long and hard about how to spend our money.  Pay down credit debt?  Donate to NPR?  Save it for a rainy day?  Well, you can see where I'm going with this.  We ended up doing none of those things and went straight to Stephan Pyles to get the ten course meal with wine pairing.  That we came to this mutually agreeable -- and irresponsible -- solution on how to spend our money is exactly why we will always be poor but happy.  And happy we were.  I think that the dinner we had last night might be the single most exciting culinary experience I've ever had at a restaurant.  I've only ordered a la carte at SP in the past, but I can see now that is like letting a blind 4 year old pick out his favorite Monet painting.  Will you get a good painting?  Yes, because Monet is a genius.  Will you experience Monet the way he wishes to be perceived by his audience?  Maybe, maybe not.  That is exactly what you get when you order the 10 course dinner.  You get to take the Stephan Pyle's acid trip down the rabbit hole.  You are in HIS world.  He will COMMAND YOUR SENSES!  Just don't panic and remember that (barring any food allergies) you are perfectly safe.  We started the meal off with a cocktail, but now I wish I hadn't.  I wish I'd started the meal with the first drink they brought as to keep myself 100% immersed in the experience.  It was a Spanish sparking wine -- a cava.  It kicked off the evening with a bang, like announcing "OK, the food party has started, so get ready."  Four little spoons were brought out with just a tiny bit of ceviche on each.  "Eat them left to right.  GOD HELP YOU IF YOU EAT THEM RIGHT TO LEFT!" instructed the waiter.  Wide eyed and trembling I put each spoon in my mouth and experienced different emotions with each bite.  The amount of ceviche on each spoon was tiny, but the flavors exploded with the force of 10 atom bombs.  The first was a salmon ceviche that was surprising and quirky.  The next was a more intense spicy scallop ceviche.  After that, the flavors mellowed with the subtly sweet kampachi and last was (I think) the sea bass with avacado, which reminded me of a fine guacamole -- it was the most familiar flavor.  Do you see what SP just did there?  He took you around the flavor solar system and landed you back on your home planet!  GENIUS, I SAY!Next up was the poblano soup with golden tomato foam.  It was presented in a double shot glass with a long spoon -- very understated for how sophisticated the flavors were.  There was that familiar pinch of cilantro and a balancing tart in the tomato foam.  Follow it up with a sip of the white wine that came with and you are finally seeing the Mona Lisa as Leonardo Da Vinci intended.  The hot soup was followed up by their chilled lobster gazpacho.  To behold the visual beauty of the lobster gazpacho was like looking in a kalaediscope.  Little floating pools of orange and red oils sat calmly against the white broth.  It was only when my spoon disturbed the tranquility that the colors began swirling and racing around the bowl -- and WHAT'S THIS?!  WHAT THE FUCK IS THIS?!  Tiny, baby grapes bubble up to the service!  A single tear fell from my face into the beautiful hallucination I was having below, and all I could think was "the salt from my tear probably screwed up the balance of this masterpiece."  Fortunately, his recipe apparently allows for (and probably expects) a few tears to be shed into the bowl, because it was exquisite.  SP, you got me at EVERY TURN you sly dog!The scallop and seabass were the next heavenly steps on our little walk with a culinary god.  They were flaky and delicious.  Next was... um...  (It's September now...) um...  something on a corn patty of some sort.  Perhaps lamb?  It kicked ass.  Then I think there was another course before dessert.  Dammit I just don't remember.  Then, of course, we had our amazing desserts -- I remember my favorite was the coffee and donuts which is anything but the Dunkin Donuts variety.  All I gotta say is Stephan Pyles is my favorite restaurant in the world and I happen to live in the same city as it!  I can't wait for his new restaurant!
<review# 1685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2009,3/1/2010,141,424,1,10,8>I think Coal Vines fills a great niche in the food world.  On some nights you want to go out and go to a nice place but without spending a fortunate.  So you can go to Coal Vines and get a good pizza for $15 and each get a $7 to $10 glass of wine which is definitely overpriced for a pizza and also overpriced wine for a pizza place, but since you are splitting the pizza, you get a good meal in a really nice setting with hard wood around, some art work, heavy curtains, Frank Sinatra playing, and pay around $30 for two people plus the tip and you feel like you went out on a nice date.Their caesar salad is also good.There can definitely be a crowd because the place is tiny.  I used to be somewhat annoyed because there really isn't much room at the bar to stand and wait for a table but if you go at any off time, you will be able to get a table but the place won't seem dead because it is so small that even with just a couple tables filled, it has a good vibe.I recommend the roasted pepper and sausage pizza although some folks swear by the white pizza.
<review# 1686,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2009,2/28/2010,232,63,4,8,5>I could start off this review with some doctor joke but they already did that on their website so I will refrain. Dr. Bell's location downtown makes it a good lunch spot if you happen to live\work down there and would like some really tasty BBQ. The restaurant itself is pretty basic with corrugated metal walls, red and white checked table cloths, and tile floor. All of the tables have paper towel rolls and bottles of BBQ sauce on them, which is nice. The lunch crowd seemed to be mostly office workers and a few construction workers thrown in for a slight variation. Since I had never been there before I wanted to get a little bit of everything so I ordered the three meat plate with brisket, pulled pork and pork ribs, and it also came with two sides so I ordered the mac and cheese and spicy beans. Good thing they had to go trays because this turned out to be much more than I could finish in one sitting. So here is my opinion:Brisket - Delicious, had a nice dark smoke ring and it was not overly dry, had a great smoky meaty flavor.Pulled Pork - Awesome, really juicy and tender and had a great taste.Pork Ribs - Fantastic, these were big and had a nice texture and superb smoky flavor, the meat comes right off the bone which was convenient for when I had to cram it in the to go tray.Mac and Cheese - This was good, seemed like fresh noodles with cheese and herbs mixed inBBQ Beans - These were really good, great flavor and they also pack a bit of heat to themSauce - Sweet and tangy, it mixes really well with the smoky flavor of the meats.Overall I think that Dr. Bell's is a great restaurant and makes a solid addition to the Downtown area.
<review# 1687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2009,2/27/2010,105,33,18,14,14>Little Gus Cafe - you complete me!Since moving to Plano from Boston I have been at  a loss in terms of - "where the hell are all the Breakfast joints!"?  My hang overs can not be addressed without the ritualistic Sunday cooked breakfast.In Boston you have the Irish Cafes strewn down L St and Broadway in Southie. SoCal has retro 60 breakfast hangouts. But Plano seems to only have IHOPs and Dennys and other franchaised cliches?Little Gus has restored my faith and provides the quintessential breakfast hang out.Serving traditional breakfast fair, pancakes, bacon and eggs, whilst pushing the envelope by adding mexican hybrid combinations together with traditional Texas favourites of chicken fried steak, biscuits and gravy and other tasty treats all well catered for.The portion sizes are ample and satisfyingThere is both indoor and out door dining options.  Be prepared to cue up during peak breakfast times over the weekendBut wait there is more...The also serve tasty Lamb Gyro with or without the Pita bread. Yep thats right folks Gyros, Donner Kababs however you may know them. solving yet another hard to find mysterious food dilemma.But thats not all...The dish that deservedly earns Little Gus Cafe all 5 of its stars...Liver and Onions!!! ummmm mmmeeuuummm. Liver and Onions and a little bacon thrown in for good measure. Just what the the doctor ordered for ensuring a great Iron intake,If I should die and go to heaven it better have a little Gus Cafe to serve me breakfast!The Cafe itself is humble, clean and is as far from a franchise joint as one can get.  The serving ladies are all friendly and perky and serve with a smile, bringing a village feel to what is otherwise a strip mall district.Little Gus Cafe - you complete me!
<review# 1688,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/28/2009,2/26/2010,54,243,3,8,3>Ok, drum roll please....In the interest of fairness, this brand new location of VBB (which isn't even posted on their site nor advertised as 'now open') gets a review based on two factors:  the food and the operation.  As a side-note:  I so want this location to do well, as limited choices exist within walking distance of my office!  A couple of tweaks here and there, and this place should do just fine.The entry:After seeing signage for weeks now about the impending opening of VBB (in the space of twice doomed burger joints: The Counter and Meatheads), three work colleagues and myself ventured over for a try of VBB.Upon entry, it's clear that the floor plan has been re-tooled from previous setup to allow for more seating, and the interior decor has been upgraded substantionally with warm wood panels and accents, new tables and chairs and very rugged (and likely pricey) exterior tables topped in granite.  The decor aligns nicely with the moderate to expensive for what you get selection (same menu as other locations).The operation:  From what I've read about the other VBB's, the order/pay/deliver process is the same.  However, if what our table and two around me experienced, room for improvement is in order.For those unaware:  upon ordering, each customer (not each table, a la Tin Star) receives a number attached to table stands; I asked if they could all be combined, but was informed that "it's easier for us to recognize each number."  OK, fine....honestly looked silly to have four numbers/stands awaiting delivery, but hey, when in Rome.This is the rub of this approach (if it's part of the process) is that of the four people at our table, we received the food at three different times (two of us, then one, followed by the last).  And mind you, this wasn't 30 seconds apart, I was nearly done with my food before our last colleague got his meal.  Two other tables around me had same experience, and it's always interesting (and uncomfortable) to see the awkwardness of people who get their food first; who futz around with fries/side while waiting for others to get order...all the while, their food is getting cold, until someone says "go ahead, eat!".  So, definitely area of opportunity.The food:We each ordered seperate items, but I will speak for mine (all others were pleased with their choices).  I ordered the chicken sandwich (which doesn't come with fries, a la carte) and water to drink.  I decided on the 'build to suit' option, which can be assembled from some decent ingredients (particularly dig the grilled jalapenos).  I was the first of our table to receive meal (since I was first to order), and sandwhich was actually very, very good, although the size of the chicken breast had me wanting for more; for a sandwhich, with tax, runs nearly $8, that shouldn't be a concern.   If folks come here for lunch don't feel that value is in order, it's all she wrote.  Mark my words.  If I were to add fries/drink and a suggested tip, I'm out $13 bones for lunch.   This may be a swanky little part of town, but I hope this approach doesn't back-fire.Next time, I intend to try one of the burgers, as those looked (and feedback confirmed it) quite good.  Also, an adult beverage might be in order for an after work/late night snack.I will return...work out the relatively minor kinks and VBB can be a fantastic addition to this area!
<review# 1689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2009,2/25/2010,131,327,4,7,6>When it comes to a lunch time quicky, this is the best place. I know, I know...just trust me (that's what she said). I love when my coworkers suggest meeting up here for lunch because I know it's going to be good. The chicken is so perfect and not dry at all. I get the Southwestern Chicken Salad and I'm never sorry. The sauce and black bean, plus chicken and other amazing things just makes me happy.Parking is limited, so make sure you get there before the rush and there's always a rush M-F 11:30-1. If you're driving here for the first time, it's on the corner of Greenville and Lovers. Cowboy Chicken is in between Condoms to Go and a Condom Sense, so you really can't miss it.
<review# 1690,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2010,2/24/2010,106,107,5,6,6>In my mind, Mia's = Brisket Tacos.  Period. I wouldn't even bother looking at the menu because everything else pales in comparison.  The brisket is amazingly juicy and tender, and would easily hold its own at any Texas BBQ joint.  Just don't forget to ration the nectar of the gods gravy so that each bite has a little that goodness soaked in. About twice per taco you'll get a bite that is the perfect blend of brisket, corn tortilla, gravy and avocado.  When this happens just look away so that nobody sees you while your eyes involuntarily roll to the back of your head.  Fortunately it's loud enough in there that no one will hear the accompanying moans of Tex Mex nirvana.  I had one such bite towards the end of my meal yesterday.  I pinched the end of my taco shut which made for a nice pool of gravy bathed brisket and avocado.  I threw just the tiniest bit of beans and rice into the mix and dove into this over sized bite with lustful aggression.  Inconceivable!  The brisket tacos are obviously 5 stars, but nothing else with the exception of the chips and salsa is really that great, which is what keeps me from giving Mia's an overall 5 star rating.  Plus, it sucks to have to valet at a place where most entrees are less than $10.  Oh well, it's definitely worth it for those few bites.
<review# 1691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2009,2/23/2010,308,111,7,11,9>Read the other reviews here about how fresh the sushi is and I bookmarked it immediately. I noticed on Restaurant.com you can buy a $25 gift certificate for 10 bucks, so I did that and grabbed a friend and went. It didn't hurt things that we started off at the Library Bar at Melrose. After a couple drinks, went to Masami.I didn't realize it was in the same shopping strip as my fav Indian grocery, Taj Majal. It took a few minutes to locate Masami as it is tucked waaaay back in the last corner out of the way and it doesn't have a big sign really.Anyway, we went in fairly late on a Friday night and there weren't very many people there. We were seated at a sort of hybrid booth/tatami mat type of thing. They also have a little room in front that is just tatami mat and a low table. Looked like fun.Anyway, we got a couple drinks and ordered unagi for an appetizer. The cooked eel came out *beautiful* on a long plate and tasted--mmm, I'll say "scrumptious". It was really good!!Then the sushi, which I'll admit was indeed very fresh and tasted great! Usually the sushi chefs seem to be young, with-it Asian males that seem too cool for the likes of me to hang out with. Here, there were two older, fatter Asian men with frumpy sort of robes on, and man let me tell you--those guys know their craft! This is the real deal!I had read about the Tear Roll, which is made up of so much wasabi that your face will melt off like the Nazi's at the end of Raiders. So I ordered it. The waitress had a visible reaction when I did. Kind of surprised me. She promised she'd bring lots of water and that scared me a little bit.So it arrived. A simple little roll. The first bite--not too bad. Yes, a good amount of wasabi. Second bite, hey I can hang. There were 6 pieces. I ate 4 of them. By that time my head was on the verge of exploding!Awesome place! Not cheap, not expensive. Just right in the middle. With my gift certificate, the total bill was around $30 for two people. Plus the original $10 I bought the certificate with. I'd say that's a pretty good deal!Go here!
<review# 1692,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2010,2/22/2010,188,256,13,17,15>Before even walking into The Grape, I already had the first part of my review formulated in my head.  It went something like this,  "Dear Texas Monthly,              You are idiots.  Your burger list is a joke. You left off Kenny's? And you gave the #1 slot to this sorry excuse for a burger at The Grape?  I didn't even know they had a burger!  blah blah blah..."But walking out of The Grape, I was singing a different tune. I am happy to say that Texas Monthly is not so stupid after all.  This is honestly one of the finest burgers I have ever eaten.  And I take my burgers very seriously.  But this thing was so surprisingly great, I was in burger nirvana for the 10 minutes it took me to inhale this lovely creation.But what made it so delicious you ask?Great burgers come down to the meat.  Without great meat, you got nothin.  This was a fat 10oz slab of grade A beef, thick (VERY thick), very juicy, and cooked perfectly pink on the inside.The toppings seal the deal though.  The Vermont white cheddar is heaven, and may be my new favorite cheese on a burger.  The bacon is no slouch either, peppered and crisp.  Butterleaf lettuce, fresh tomato come on the side.  But the pickles added something extraordinary to the entire concoction.  Slightly sweet, they made every bite ethereal.  The bun is light and soft, with the perfect ring of grease around the edges from a brief stint on the flat-top, and slathered with a creamy, cool dijonaise.  I may be replacing my pillow with one at night, so I can sleep better.How are you still reading this?  Why are you not at the Grape right now?  Oh, probably because they only serve the burger 1.5 days a week...lousy SOBs.  But do yourself a favor and go when they have it, it is well worth any sacrifice you must make to get there.I would be doing you a great injustice if I neglected to mention the signature Mushroom Soup.  I am having a hard time coming up with words to describe how wonderful this stuff is.  Liquid joy. Creamy crack.  Point is, it is amazing.The Grape.  Five HUGE stars. Nuff said.
<review# 1693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2009,2/21/2010,50,73,5,9,5>It was 1:45.  I wanted breakfast.  That's what happens when you don't go to bed until 6:00 in the morning.I'd never tried Tony's...hell...never heard of Tony's...but a quick perusal of Yelp and Google Maps had me in the car before they closed at 3:00.  I walked in, and got a smile and a "sit anywhere" which is always nice.I'm a total man-whore for hollandaise, and they have it all over their menu.  No....the menu itself was clean, they just use it on a bunch of items.   There's the standard Benedict, the Steak Benedict, and (what I opted for) the omelette Hollandaise.  It's three eggs folded around broccoli and Krab and covered in hollandaise.   Yes, the Krab was intentionally spelled with a "K".  It was imitation, but it worked in this.  The eggs were perfectly and surprisingly fluffy, the broccoli al dente and was perfectly paired with an english muffin toasted to perfection.   I also ordered a side of bacon (because emulsified butter covering everything just wasn't enough fat) and had to thank the waitress when she asked if I wanted it well done or chewy.All in all, it was a great neighborhood place with a friendly staff, great prices and food to come back for.  If you're in plano and craving some food, try Tony's.
<review# 1694,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2010,2/20/2010,58,170,5,5,9>Two dirty thumbs up! Not dirty because I didn't wash my hands, dirty because after you tackle this monster you will need to! My buddy and I went to lunch yesterday and both ordered the double cheeseburger and neither of us finished it---is what I should have wrote. Fact is we demolished it and both had sever stomach pains after! Next time I will settle for a single. The burgers are flame grilled and have a nice crust on the outside, served with shredded cheese, lettuce, tomato, pickles and onions. I would suggest ordering it medium because mine came out almost well done which sucked. Even though it was overcooked it was still a damn good burger! The fries had a good seasoning and the onion rings were awesome! I'll be back (even though they're aggies)
<review# 1695,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2010,2/18/2010,220,341,8,21,11>This review is for the restaurant part of the Russian Banya only. I have not tried the spa areas, although I did see them on my visit. I'll visit the spa at another time and update. The restaurant is BYOB, so I hosted a wine dinner there on Saturday. There were 14 of us in the group, including a friend of mine who is from Russia. I had never experienced Russian cuisine, so the menu was kind of daunting. I was glad to have someone there who could easily explain the items for me! Sugar Bear and I decided to split several small plates. We ended up ordering WAY toooooooo much food, but the left overs have been great! We started with the Khachapuri, a kind of Russian pizza. The bread is much heavier than traditional pizza. It has ricotta on the inside and white cheddar on the top. If you top it with the 'Russian salsa' that they put on the table for the bread, it is a masterpiece! This dish is enough for two as an entree or 4-6 as an appetizer. We had two types of dumplings...potato (a cheese version is also offered) and meat. They were both served with sour cream. Both dumplings were wonderful, but ordering two was a bit much. They are freshly made at the restaurant. These were Sugar Bear's favorite, and he wants to try the cheese dumplings next round. The stuffed cabbage my my top pick of the evening. They were filled with minced beef and rice, seasoned to perfection. The cabbage was topped with prunes and apricot halves. A wonderful dish! We ended the evening with cherry blintzes. They were a bit sweet for me, but I'm not a fan of sweets. They brought a pastry sampler to the table, and lots of those looked amazing. There was no room for them on this round. I sampled the herring under a 'fur coat' from a friend's plate. When it hit the table, it looked like a layered cake from the shredded eggs and beats. The combination sounded bizarre, but it was really quite tasty. I will be getting it on a future visit. We were surprised when we got our bill. We had shared much of our food, had another meal of leftovers (for both of us) and the cost was only $54. There is no corking fee! Hooray! Why only 4 stars? The music progressively got louder as the evening went on. They become a club with lights and fog machines. After 10pm, the karaoke starts. I was not expecting this, and had I known we would have started the wine dinner an hour earlier to avoid the noise. I look forward to my future visits here! It is really good and interesting cuisine! It is definitely worth checking out if you are in the mood for a culinary adventure!
<review# 1696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2009,2/17/2010,51,309,20,18,14>If you're not a fan of buffets or you're expecting the best of the best when it comes to quality of ingredients, then this is not the place for you.  However, if you have the proper expectation of plentiful food that come with a cheap Chinese buffet, then you're golden.New New Buffet definitely delivers.  Wifey and I went on a Sunday afternoon for lunch and had a great time sampling the goods.  There's a good selection, the food is always being refreshed so it's usually hot, there are a few tasty choices, the place is clean, and the service is prompt.At most buffets, we follow a simple plan of attack. Our first run through the buffet is the exploration phase, where we walk down the aisles without taking any food and just look at all of the items.  We then each grab a plate to start the sampling phase, where we take a tiny helping of everything that looks interesting.  After going back to our table and sampling the goods, we determine the items that taste the best.  This leads us to the command and conquer phase, where we get ginormous helpings of our favorites and stuff ourselves silly.  If everything goes according to plan, the last phase is retreating in the face of food coma.At New New, our plan of attack worked flawlessly; we both thought the orange chicken, orange beef, sesame chicken, and the oddly orange-colored noodles were great.  I'm sure we'll be back again, and next time, we'll be able to skip directly to the command and conquer phase!
<review# 1697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2010,2/16/2010,159,174,6,5,5>One Friday after work, my coworkers and I decided to go here for yet another happy hour get together. When you first walk up to it you'll see this big red door. Inside is pretty small and as the name would suggest, it feels like a local city tavern around the block.There was one drink combo that I kept gettting all night. It was called the Dirty Dusty. For just $4, you get a shot of Jack and a Pabst Blue Ribbon to chase it down. Good stuff. Its definitely cheap and dirty (that's what she said?).
<review# 1698,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/31/2009,2/14/2010,1341,757,7,12,8>It's true, this place is truly gorgeous. I've been here a few times for weddings and for dinner/lunch and the result for food is almost always the same. It's OK. This is what I had yesterday:The Bo Luc Lac I had wasn't as tender as I would have liked it to be- it usually is! The fried rice wasn't bad. Tom rang mui (crispy salty shrimp) looked really good- my mom tried it and said it was good. The lemongrass chicken didn't have any lemongrass flavor to it. Their rice is great though. It was light and fluffy and super tender. I love jasmine rice and a lot of places cheapen out and use some other rice. Overall, their food is a hit or miss. I recommend trying the 7 beef course dinner, I've had it before and it isn't bad. You can't get that at many places and it's pretty unique to Arlington. Just be sure to give yourself some time for the meal.. the 7 course meal takes some time to prepare. It's a spacious restaurant so I usually end up taking my relatives here when they're in town.
<review# 1699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2009,2/13/2010,231,448,7,12,6>Attempting to impress an out-of-town visitor is no joke - especially Chun L., who visited us from NYC... Obviously, a larger, slightly more entertaining city than our humble DFW abode.  Since we wanted a low key place to have a drink & catch up, Library Bar seemed like a safe bet.  Neither of us had been, so why not try something new?I adore the atmosphere & decor here.  Low lighting, cushy seating, a gorgeous bar, & the book background made for a comfortable evening.  I was a bit sad we couldn't sit against the book wall, but our table suited us just fine.Ok, its a hotel bar, so you know you're in for expensive drinks.  Right now, they have a holiday drink menu, which looked yummy.  I wasn't quite brave enough to try some of them mainly because I've found that Christmas drinks usually = tons of alcohol.  I stuck with an easy apple martini, which came out a dull green - always a good sign.  Sure enough, the drink was strong, but smooth.  Any more of those and someone might have been carrying me home, whew!Our server was fairly attentive during our visit.  I had to ask for a water refill a few times, but oh well.  He had quite a few people to tend to, and we were in no rush, so it didn't take away from my experience in the least.  Besides, hotel bars are always the best for people watching and this place was no exception.  There was an ecclectic mix of people: young and old, casual and business, friends and couples.  No worry about fitting in here - there's all kinds. I enjoyed the touch added by the live music.  That night, there was both a piano & a saxophone player, so the music was more mellow and easy going than anything.  At times, it did get a little too loud, but given the small space, it wasn't too surprising.  This bar is tucked away in the Warwick Melrose Hotel, so you will have to valet your vehicle most likely.  Fortunately, the waiter was kind enough to validate my parking, so I wasn't stuck with a large valet tab after being there for a mere hour or two.I doubt I become a regular here since 1) I'm poor & 2) it's quite a ways from home.  Still, I wouldn't mind stopping by again if the occasion called for it.
<review# 1700,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2010,2/12/2010,164,1015,5,8,7>I had first eaten at Kirin Court several years ago.  The service was slow, food was below average, and the place was so cramped, the dim-sum carts could barely get through.  I had planned on never returning.  Fast forward to Christmas-2009.  If you get hungry and you don't feel like cooking on Christmas, what better place to go then to a Chinese restaurant.  Someone suggested Kirin Court and I hesitantly agreed.The wait was CRAZIE!  I think every hungry soul in Plano-Richardson area were out in full force.  We waited close to an hour for a table for 6.I was extremely happy with the food this time around.  Pretty much everything we tried tasted good:  various dumplings, chicken feet, veggies, jellyfish salad, beef tripe, and numerous other dishes.  The tab was pretty fair at just under $100 (including tip) for 6 people.I also like how they have a table that cooks certain fresh food and dishes.  I will definitely return to Kirin.  I think their food has surpasses Maxim.
<review# 1701,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2010,2/11/2010,277,231,5,10,7>I recently forced a guy I'm dating to take me to dinner here....again!  It was our second visit and I don't think either of us stopped thinking about it since the first time.  I did not order the steak on my first trip, which I deeply regretted after trying his filet.  I had the stuffed chicken, which was almost equally delicious if you're not in the mood for a juicy steak.  On our recent visit I chose from the chef's selection menu, which provided a soup/salad choice, dinner choice, side item and a dessert for $39.95.  The pricier items were offered in this deal for $49.95.  I had a dinner salad, a small filet mignon, garlic mashed potatoes, and a carrot cake/chocolate mousse sampler dessert.  Everything was delicious.  Although, we had the au gratin potatoes last time and the three cheese sauce was reaaaaalllly tasty, we both preferred that over the mashed potatoes.  I have eaten steaks at so many different places in my life and RC's filet is high on the list.  Top the amazing meal with excellent service and a relaxing ambiance and it really doesn't get any better!  This place has become my "go to" restaurant for special occasions.One last note.. they have a wine cellar for private party seating.  The wine list goes on for days.  Great place to take the wine-os.
<review# 1702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2009,2/10/2010,251,161,5,18,12>First Chinese BBQ has some of the most rockin'  Chinese cuisine in the metroplex with ridicuuuuuuuulous low prices to match. Probably the most popular item on their extensive menu would be their "delicious roasted duck".  And that is what it is listed as in the menu...and from the first bite it's quite obvious that they stick to a "truth in advertising" credo.The bbq pork is also very good..its has the usual Chinese style bbq pork  taste but its extra fresh and tender.  And the bbq chicken is so filling.Two of the less obvious choices that pack a great spicy kick  are  the double cooked sliced pork with vegetables and the Chinese style steak .  The latter being a dish I can see myself going back for exclusively.  But I find its extremely difficult to go wrong with any dish you order here.  For instance, the Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce is one of the best veggie dishes I have sampled of its kind.All these yummy goodness in addition to a warm and efficient staff for under 30 dollars for 3 people...its almost like you are robbing them.In any case, no credit cards accepted so do not forget to bring CASH money. Gam Bei!
<review# 1703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2009,2/9/2010,127,93,8,7,8>Cindi's is soooooo good.  The cheese danishes here make me do my FKHD (Fat Kid Happy Dance).Regardless of what you order, get a danish, even if you have to split it.  They're so good!Came here on our search for Dallas's best Eggs Benedict.  Of course, Troy got the traditional Eggs Benedict.  It was very good.  The ham on the Eggs Benedict at Cindi's was a lot better than the ham on Eggs Benedict anywhere else so far.  The eggs were cooked really well, and the hollandaise was really good.I got the Banana-Nut Pancakes.  They were really good, too, but anyone can do those well I suppose.Cindi's bisquits & gravy are to-die-for.  I don't even eat bisquits & gravy usually, but I can eat them here.Really, everything I've had here has been good--omelettes, pastries, etc.  Every time I go, it's always really busy, so others must agree! :D
<review# 1704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2010,2/8/2010,90,133,5,9,10>Yum~ There are so many cute little yummy things in thisbakery! The ambiance makes me think of European cafes, the hangouts of creative people way back when. Of course I won't know exactly what it was like then, but the interior is truly cute and eclectic. They sell small portions of their cakes, which are perfect bite size for an after-lunch snack. I had a strawberry cake and Dolce Du Leche cookie and they were not too sweet but very flavorful. It is not surprising that their hot chocolate is popular as Argentina is famous for its chocolate and its Dolce Du Leche. Hmmmm~~ I am so going back tomorrow. I wonder if they make their own ice cream...
<review# 1705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2009,2/7/2010,31,146,12,13,9>Wow.I've been dying to try this place ever since I first read about it.  I wasn't able to get a reservation during Restaurant Week, but thanks to the gift card my good friend gifted me recently, I finally had the pleasure.Setting-I never knew this place was nestled behind Fadi's and Chuy's, I always assumed it was downtown.  The architecture is brilliant, and the interior decoration is highly pleasing to the eyes.  Its rather entertaining just looking around.  Do so for as long as you want, you won't get bored.Service-As you'd expect from a restaurant of this caliber.  Most notably, our waiter asked if we had any allergies or reservations about any ingredients, and he was courteous enough to ensure nothing we ordered had even a hint of swine.Food-We started out with the Lobster Shooters due to all the hype they get on Yelp, and they didn't disappoint.  Very clever idea, and first-timers should definitely give them a try.I had their Cesar salad which, to my delight, was a knife and fork salad.  The only other time I had one was at Truluck's and I love them both.  The dressing here didn't have the consistency you'd expect as it was closer to the runny side, but it was one of the better dressings I've ever had.She had the Lobster Bisque.  Its clearly one of the better bisques you'll have, though it too was also a tad on the runny side.  The small amount of peas and carrots it had added a nice touch.  I broke up the thin crispy bread and threw some pieces in to add a bit of crunch.  Oh wait, the bread!The bread basket had four different types- cranberry raisin,  a pizza loaf, sourdough and the best one, thin & crispy (I don't know the name).  I should've asked for a side of olive oil, but I was already engaged in using the leftover Lobster Shooter sauce as dip.  Yum.On to the main courses, I had the Delmonico Ribeye, 16oz of meaty lovemaking.  Hey, I'll tell ya with no hesitation, this is the best damn Ribeye in town (explains the five stars).  So juicy.  So tender.  So, oh so beautiful.She had the Hickory Grilled Lamb Strip Loins with both a Chipotle (intense) and a cilantro (mild) drizzle.  The lamb was tender, tasty and enjoyable, yet it was nothing like the over-the-top Ribeye experience.Pomme Frites with white truffle oil tasted very good and went well with the Ribeye.  I wanted some ketchup with them, but felt embarrassed to ask assuming they probably didn't even carry it.  So it went like this, "Would you like anything else?""Yeah, uhh do you have any sauces for which I may dip these pomme frites in?""Well sir, do you prefer a spicy sauce or a neutral sauce?"  I was intrigued by his spicy suggestion, but knowing ketchup isn't spicy I said, "I like spicy, however I prefer a neutral sauce.""Like ketchup?""Why yes, ketchup!""Oh... ketchup.  May I suggest a better alternative?""Well what'd ya got?""Here's what I dip em in," and he comes back with an orange sauce that has the consistency of ketchup but tastes so friggin awesome,   Bravo et merci!We only had one scoop of mango mandarin sorbet, it was a nice finish.  What a splendid evening ladies and gentlemen.  Now off I go to have the leftovers.
<review# 1706,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2009,2/6/2010,725,843,8,11,9>I made a cubby under my desk so I can sleep...that's how full I am after having Alligator Cafe cater lunch at my work.  Chef Ivan PERSONALLY brought the food and set it up.  He personally prepared the food.  Heck, he helped me make out the menu and even made suggestions which were not on the menu.And the food, I'm still drooling a little--see spot on desk for proof--it was amazing.  We had blackened NY Strips, juicy and pink inside; blackened chicken and pasta with onions, peppers and sausage; red beans and rice; garlic green beans; awesome salad with tons of veggies; and bread pudding for dessert.  The food was some of the best I've had PERIOD.  And it was the best catering I've EVER had.  I have a very picky office.  We have a catered meal every month.  The entire office ALL agreed that this is the best meal we've had.  And the price is very low.  I'm not going to list it here, call them.  But it was easily less than all the other places I've used.  And I've used a lot of places!  This was the best bang for the buck!And BANG it was!
<review# 1707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,2/4/2010,263,343,,9,7>I love Uncle Tai's.  The original Uncle Tai's in Dallas was on the third of the Galleria and it was there for 25 years.  My dad was the manager of the General Cinema when it opened, and I was a wee lad.  Everyday I'd go upstairs and they'd give me a bag of the candied walnuts.  A few years ago, the Galleria asked/requested/required UT to move to the first floor.  UT requested the build out money and the Galleria balked at the moving expensive.  Basically the Galleria was trying to kick UT out.  Since then I've been really disappointed in the quality of Chinese/ Hunan food in Dallas.  Two years ago James, one of the brothers that own Uncle Tai's, re-opened in Coppell.  It's not the same place as it used to be but the food is still phenomenal.  Gone are the tuxedo-ed waiters (Joe's in Boca).  Now it's in a strip mall next to a "Dirty Dawgz".      Everything is fresh and handmade.  No frozen dumplings here.  I recommend the Chang Sa shrimp; extremely fresh shrimp with red and green chilies and cilantro.  And the Uncle Tai's crispy beef.  This is how crispy beef should be.  No goopy (real word?) coating surrounding deep fried beef.  This is a thin crispy coating on thinly sliced pieces of top sirloin.  It's in a strip mall and that alone should take this down a notch, but my nostalgia combined with the utter joy of my favorite Hunan cuisine restaurant reopening convinces me to up it to a full 5 stars.
<review# 1708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,2/3/2010,68,94,4,6,4>I think I found one of my new favorite burger places in town! Went here yesterday for lunch after months of hearing how great it was from the hubby and his buddies. It did not disappoint! The burgers are HUGE - 1/2 lb - and I didn't see a smaller option on the menu, so I just went for it. I asked for it medium and it was a true medium - just a bit of pink in the center and very juicy. Normally I don't love it when places put shredded cheese rather than sliced cheese on the burgers because it usually all falls off, but this time I guess they put it on while the burger patty was hot off the grill because most of the cheese melted and stayed in place. I like that all the fixins come on the side so you can build the burger however you want (I am a burger simpleton so always have to pick off all the veggies at other restaurants)! The fries were pretty good, nothing stellar, but they were not soggy or overcooked. The seasoned salt on the table makes them a million times tastier, and it's nice that they let you add the amount of seasoning yourself. My hubby tried the Angry Dog hot dog piled with cheese, chili, and a bunch of other goodies, and he loved it. He said he probably even prefers it over the burger, which tells you just how tasty it was (because he loves burgers)! I tried it and I must say it was a freaking tasty dog. Just a warning - I went on Friday at lunch and had about a 15 minute wait. I am not sure if it is always like this, but I am going to venture to guess that it is.  It is packed with tables inside - you practically sit on top of each other here, so leave your personal space issues at the door!  Don't let that deter you, though...it's worth it!
<review# 1709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2009,2/2/2010,549,363,15,17,13>First night my French-Canadian mother in law is in town, she's got it in her little head she wants "tapa". She's planning a trip to "espana" and wants to get her "tapa" on. I've only had great times at Cafe Madrid -- granted, the good time was usually lubricated with a pitcher or two of sangria, so that's where I chose. We got there pretty early around 5:30. It wasn't empty but we found a spot to sit easily. We ordered a bottle of wine and got settled into the menu. First, we ordered bread with olive oil, a meat plate (mixed cured meats), and a plate of cheese (you get three at $3.50 each). Great start. The bread was soft and nice... and the cheese had a great variety of flavors. I can't remember what the three were called (they just gave us three) but they were tasty. As for tapas, we ordered the piquillo sweet red pepper stuffed with goat cheese, blood sausage (don't judge, it was really good!), marinated artichoke hearts, and paella. The paella here is amazing. We ended up ordering two orders of tapas size paella ($7.50 as a tapa and $14.50 as an entree) because it was so great. The paella had shrimp, shellfish and chicken, lots of saffron rice. Very tasty. Our wine was finished and dessert was ordered. I had an extra glass of sangria (remember, dinner with a mother in law is always an occasion for her to judge so let's make it a good one) and Etienne and his mom split gelato and she got an espresso. We all left full, drunk (well, I was anyway) and happy. A successful evening.
<review# 1710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,2/1/2010,259,574,5,55,45>I've been on a mission to find thai food I like so I have an excuse to get thai tea more often and I think this place might have done it. We wanted to try the corn patties for an appetizer but they were out of them so we tried the chicken satay instead. The peanut sauce with this was wonderful and I kept it for my egg roll with my meal. The chicken was juicy and bright yellow, but had a nice flavor. When our food arrived my pad kee mow looked pretty spicy even though I ordered it as mild as possible. :) But it was really tasty even if it did make me empty my water glass from heat. I'm still convinced that I didn't get the mild that I ordered - especially after seeing a pic posted of someone else's pad kee mow that wasn't nearly as RED as mine was. But all in all -this was awesome and I'll be back. I actually found myself craving it! Yum!! I think I finally found a thai place I liked!PS - the Thai tea was delish.
<review# 1711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2009,1/31/2010,436,192,5,13,7>I was driving by after a meeting and needed to refuel + a place with Wifi.  This place caught my eye - I saw that it was billed as the Excuses Art Bar and Cafe, featuring the Leroy Roper Collection. As Leroy and I go way back, with a paintbrush even, I was immediately intrigued. And remembered that waiver I once signed relinquishing my rights to him . . . .  so entrez' I did vous.Walking in from the side entrance, this place is HUUUUUUUUGE. It's cavernous!  I guess it used to be a nightclub, but zoning laws changed and now it's a . . . . what is it, exactly? Here's what it isn't:1.A gourmet restaurant.2.A StarbucksHere's what it is: 1. An Art Gallery! - A delightful mishmash of Leroy's artwork on the walls and features testimonials from some of his models. His artwork is featured prominently and some of his more provocative works are on display too - which is awesome. I'm a huge fan! Great to see local community supporting an amazing local ahr-teeste. 2. A multi-purpose space - When I was there, a random runway was in the middle. This may have been removed by now, but when I was there,it was there in it's full catwalk glory. There are video games along one wall, a back "VIP area", maybe?, Flat screen TV's were turned to CNN while I was there, and even an outdoor patio. I can see this being a cool place to rent our for large events. 3. A family owned and operated business, which is really really really cool to see. When I went for a late lunch, there was a little kid running around and calling a lady behind the bar Grandma. It touched my heartstrings! 4. A cafe  with really affordable and delicious snacks. I ordered the tzaziki with pita  chips, Greek Salad, and a Diet Pepsi. It came out to just over $10. A steal. 5. A nice workspace for those of us home-officing - Quite the Starbucks alternative. It's so huge that you could actually work here, and make/take phone calls. Overall, I really enjoyed it here, plus I instantly felt more cultured and "cool" for eating here amidst awesome artwork, yet equally responsible and productive for being able to crank out some work objectives. No excuses for Excuses. Cool digs.
<review# 1712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2009,1/30/2010,40,111,9,7,6>Why does this place have a line? Why is it located in a sketchy strip center? Why is it called The Loon? These are all questions that you are bound to have when you start your night at The Loon. By the end of the night, the questions shift to: Why did I order that final round of ridiculously strong drinks? Why am I so drunk? Why is this place closing up at 2 am when the night is still young? and Why did I ever question the sketchiness of this place and whether it was worth it to wait in line when I was on the outside? Why is it called The Loon?That pretty much sums up a night at the Loon. The place is a blast.
<review# 1713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2009,1/29/2010,102,49,5,10,8>I walked up at five past ten, thinking they closed at eleven. They closed at ten. This yummy land is open till eleven on Friday and Saturday only. Even though they were closed, they could not have been more welcoming, and waved me in. Of course, I apologized for being so tardy, but they could have cared less! The fro yo master walked me through his fro yo Disney Land worked, and I proceeded to create my own healthy, fro yo masterpiece. Mine was full of fresh fruits and almonds. This would be a great place to take someone after dinner as opposed to drinking or coffee. I will be back very soon, and I will be bringing others! Thank you for being you Yogolicious! I know you will help me curb my cravings for sweets and keep me looking Kriste-licious
<review# 1714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2009,1/28/2010,9,120,4,8,9>We went to Bolsa last night in search of a patio to enjoy the gorgeous weather.  Awesome find!  I started with the Geisha Girl cocktail.  I think this one could be dangerous as it was fruity and refreshing and I couldn't taste the vodka, but I have the feeling two or three would mean not driving home!  My bf was breaking out of his box and had a delicious glass of Syrah.We decided to go the route of sharing a bunch of stuff and ordered the bruschetta sampler, Twig and Branch flatbread, spinach salad, and mussels.  I already liked the server but became a bigger fan when he spaced out all of this food perfectly and also split the spinach salad into two bowls for us without asking.  I love that.And, oh my goodness, the food!  Amazing.  Four kinds of bruschetta on the sampler with two pieces of each, I happen to think that's a pretty good deal for $12 but maybe I'm used to paying too much for food.  All were delish.  The spinach salad, while seemingly quite basic, was outstanding, the "drunken cherries" especially, I could have eaten those all night.  Mussels were in a roasted garlic broth which really mellowed the usual flavor and also made for happy eating without worry about stinky breath for the rest of the night.Our server read us well and we had fun with him, he subtly sold us on dessert by offering to wrap up the rest of my flatbread, so of course we indulged and had the blackberry buckle!My only (minor) unhappiness arose from the smokers on the patio, but once we moved to a different table it was ok, I'm just anti-smoking, even outside, sorry.  I did think the inside/outside bar was cool and pretty innovative for Dallas.All in all, we are pretty glad we don't live in Oak Cliff, as we would be in danger of going here often and gaining too much weight.  I will definitely head back soon though!
<review# 1715,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,1/27/2010,511,139,7,30,11>Just east of the heart of Deep Ellum, past Hall Street lies Futura Lofts. They are managed by Westdale Mgm't. and I lived there for 2 years a couple years back.Gotta say that I *really* enjoyed living there--they're lofts, not apartments, so it was like a 1000 sq. ft. concrete box.  And at roughly .80 / sq. ft. it was a great deal.  Polished concrete floors, 20 ft. ceilings, extra tall black granite counters with stainless steel appliances. Very comfy--the bathroom was nearly 15x25 with a swing-to-the-side mini-warehouse door ... awesome. The tub was a Roman tub, which is slightly bigger and less sloped than a garden tub ... awesomer.There's a nice little pool area in between the 2 buildings that make up the lofts, but the real pleaser was the rooftop gardens overlooking the Dallas skyline. They'd have parties, dances, you name it up there, in typical Deep Ellum style. The area was kind of quiet, which was nice, and being across Hall St. you get to miss most of, at least what *was*, all that deep ellum traffic. Not so much an issue any more I guess. But I would still consider moving back there if I weren't so happy with where I'm at now.Apparently now there is a rather enjoyable coffee shop across the street!A BIT MORE... I should also comment on utility cost. My first electric bill was $625.  After I got off of the floor, I went and bought a programmable thermostat at Home Depot which eventually got my bill down to around $150-ish a month.  Just sayin' keep that in mind if you're considering warehouse loft type places!
<review# 1716,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/16/2009,1/26/2010,136,202,8,9,14>Kristen G. pretty much hit the nail on the head in her review of Main Street Liquid Company.  Main Street Liquid Company is full of lots of drunk women with big hair.  It's also full of young people, old people, and judging from the music: the country crowd, the pop crowd, and the hip hop crowd.  One crowd glaringly and happily missing from this variety was the 30K millionaire.  YESSS!!!!!!!!!I have been to Main St several times over the past five or so years.  I love the space, with the high ceilings and exposed brick.  They have everything you want in a neighborhood bar: pool, shuffleboard, karaoke, and cute bartenders in a down-to-earth, just-dark-enough setting.  And they also have a stuffed bobcat over the door.Main St. is definitely a better alternative to any other bar in the area.  It definitely has more character than Fox and Hound, Wizards, and Sharky's put together.
<review# 1717,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2009,1/25/2010,273,583,7,7,9>WOW. These tacos were truly amazing.I was late getting back to work from a dentist appointment that went a bit over, but I had already planned to stop by this gas station/ taco place to fill my tire with some air and my belly with these tacos I have heard so much about. I'm not going to lie- when I walked in and saw the menu chalkboard with today's taco varieties, I was irked that they each cost 3.50. 3.50 for a taco? Outrageous I thought. But I was there, and everyone raves, so what the hey.I ordered the Rajun Cajun and the Yardbird. I picked up a bag of chips, paid my 8.97 and started hauling ass back to work. I was so hungry I upwrapped a taco and started to munch in the car. I picked up the Rajun Cajun one first, which was sausage and lettuce and some creamy good sauce. OHMAHGAWD  this was so good. I actually hit a backup of traffic due to construction and I wasn't even mad because it gave me time to eat my taco while driving! The yardbird didn't disappoint either, moist, tender perfect chicken with again some sauce, and some sort of green, it was great. (I really didn't take much note of the contents, as I seriously INHALED these tacos)Going to the dentist will now be THAT much better, b/c I will be able to stop by Good 2 Go.
<review# 1718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,1/24/2010,145,236,7,10,8>Kirby's, did you get a facelift, boob job & lipo?  Well you look great!  The old Kirby's steakhouse on Greenville Ave is now Wood Fire Kirby's and it's perfect for its lively Greenville location.  Gone is the dark cherry wood steakhouse feel and in is an airy clean modern addition to Greenville strip.The old underused firepit has been revamped and the bar now wraps around to make it a great area to chill or have a cozy dinner.  Several doors open up to bring the outside in and the woodfire oven faces outside so you can watch them 'making da pizza pies' (in my best italian accent).   Several couples sat in the benches or at the coffee-table-height tables right by the firepit and shared a bottle of vino.  It's a great for people watching spot and checking out what's going on at the Grenada or M-street bar ... which was just a lot of debauchery.  This is the  trend in that area as Gloria's, J Pepe's, and NSL have all updated their patio areas within the past 15 months.  And I say kudos. It's all about options buddy.  Kirby's now caters to a larger group offering some entrees under $10-20 but they kept some of the "classic" menu if you wanted to get a Roquefort filet, which was my favorite.  It's a more eclectic menu with slight twist to classic dishes.  One that caught my eye was the Brick Oven Baked Lobster Manicotti.  Next time.They bring out bread with garlic butter on top of a little burner and that was gone in about 2 minutes.  And every time the waiter brought one out for another table, I went all Pavlov's dog.I got the Kobe beef burger and it was good but slightly on the thin side.  I was expecting a thicker patty with a more red center.  One friend had the Margarita pizza and it was smoky flavors and a crisp crust.  The other had an Ahi Tuna salad but I pay much notice as I was starved and molars deep into my Kobe burger.Great new ambience, awesome patio and I'm looking forward to delving into the rest of menu. 4 out of 5 thumbs.
<review# 1719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,1/23/2010,97,38,9,19,10>I am so glad I gave these guys  chance.  I had been looking left and right and up and down for the perfect set of in-ceiling speakers.  Best Buy don't have anything good in stock and their salespeople weren't very helpful.  Also all they have setup in their listening rooms are the high-end stuff I didn't want to even look at.  Star power were helpful and knowledgeable, but were really trying hard to sell me a $5000 installation including a new receiver and a fancy subwoofer.Ed Kellum has lots of stuff for you to look at or listen to. Their media rooms are well setup and their stock room well... hum... stocked! The sales person who assisted us was prompt to greet us and didn't let us wander around aimlessly. I told him what I needed; not a high-end setup, but not a couple of tin cans with strings either.  He suggested the exact units I had researched online and had set my little audiophile heart on.  I asked him a few questions about setup options (bookshelf speakers vs. in-ceiling for the front) just to make sure. He basically re-confirmed my initial choice since other options would have been twice as expensive without sounding twice as good. For our outdoor speakers, they didn't have the (cheaper) model I wanted, but split the difference with us on a set of slightly more expensive ones. They know boys want their toys right NOW! Even though they have super high-end stuff, they never made me feel like I was a second rate customer by wanting a lower end system. Love the store, love the sales staff and I looove my new home theater system.
<review# 1720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2009,1/22/2010,80,190,3,7,4>I've passed S&D for years and I have always wanted to stop in but never did until recently. After a long week the wife and I decided to start the weekend with dinner out. The strange thing is that I've wanted to try S&D for quite sometime and I can't stand oysters, but my wife loves them. We arrived early and the reserved S&D parking lot was half full...always a relief when parking uptown. The restaurant was just getting busy and we ended up grabbing one of the last tables. It wouldn't matter what S&D served, this place is just cool! There's nothing like it in Dallas, with it's history, it's servers, it's simple laid back neighborhood feel and menu. We started off with their boiled shrimp which were the best shrimp I have ever had hands down. Usually when ordering boiled shrimp, the shrimp come out over cooked, so often it's seems to be the standard because no one knows the difference now between over cooked and well cooked shrimp. They were still tender and not tough. The sauces they were given were your typical red sauce and remoulade. For dinner I had their gumbo which, again, was the best gumbo I've had in Dallas...real dark roux, earthy taste and loaded with shrimp. The wife had the oysters and took the waitress up on her offer to make the sauce with the ingredients on the table...it was simple and tasty.  The oysters were reviewed as pretty good as well.   I rarely order desert, but this time we order the hot bread pudding and I'm glad we didn't pass up on dessert this time. This dessert was outstanding...bread pudding with a slight taste of vanilla drowning in whiskey sauce. I like bread pudding and I really like whiskey, so it was meant to be. Absolutely delicious! We had great service throughout the entire meal, always friendly and fast but never rushed. We'll be back again soon, even if it's just for the bread pudding.
<review# 1721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2009,1/21/2010,270,700,3,4,6>I'm a huge fan of Main Street Bread Baking Company in Grapevine, so I was thrilled to see that they opened this Dallas location, which is much closer to home.  I hate to sound like a Kool-Aid drinker, but everything was perfect, and I have no complaints whatsoever.We came in on a Tuesday morning for breakfast, and I was impressed from beginning to end.  The shopping center is really cute, and the restaurant itself is adorable, clean, welcoming, and nicely decorated.  I tried the banana crepes, a cheese danish, and a latte.  I don't know if there's a better place in the metroplex for espresso drinks, but Main Street gets it right, and I know I haven't had anything better.  My latte was strong, but perfectly smooth, not bitter at all.  The banana crepes are filled with more bananas, walnuts, and chocolate, so they might be better suited for dessert than breakfast, unless you have a major sweet tooth.  My danish was perfectly flaky and subtly sweet, exactly what I needed.  The service was great and reasonably fast, though the atmosphere is such that you feel like lingering over coffee long after your meal is complete.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1722,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2009,1/20/2010,236,423,3,11,5>Thank God for Thai2GoI have been in Dallas for a year and a half and the hubs and I have desperately missed our favorite Thai places in Chicago. Our experiences in Dallas have either been too expensive and trendy or just mediocre food. When we got back from our Christmas break and drove past Thai2Go just minutes from our house, an audible cheer came out of our car. I didn't review until we'd tried it several times, and we LOVE it. I haven't been in their space because they are so close and they deliver for free. The first time we ordered they sent over free egg-rolls. We love their curries (panang is our favorite), and their noodle dishes have caused us to crave Thai two days in a row (love the pad thai). All in all, it's not that Thai2Go is SO MUCH better then any other place around, it's just authentic and cheap and close and simple and has great service, and that's exactly the kind of place I LOVE.  It's a great neighborhood restaurant to have nearby!
<review# 1723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2009,1/19/2010,186,191,1,6,6>So, I am kinda in love with this place. Cowboy Chow is pleasantly different and the food is pretty amazing. The selection of buffalo dishes they have is awesome...a much healthier alternative to the fatter meats. I'm not sure why the place is so empty. The bathroom is funny and took me a minute to figure out what was going on, kudos for that. The servers are great too. I like this place much better than the burger counterpart, Twisted Root.Cowboy Grilled Cheese - 5 STARSCheese, Brisket, Texas toast, onions, horseradish creamNavajo Fry Bread - 4 STARSw/ spicy black bean dip and honey dipFried Green Tomato Lollipop - 2 STARSWatermelon Iced Tea - 5 STARS
<review# 1724,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2009,1/17/2010,98,143,7,9,10>I have been to the DWA twice now, and both times were equally awesome! Number one drawback is the price of this place...$20 per adult and $5 to park anywhere in the immediate vicinity. However, I feel the money is definitely well worth it. The exhibits are lush, gorgeous, breathtaking, and you can tell they put a lot of care and effort into maintaining this beautiful attraction. I do agree with other yelpers though that this place should be called the Dallas World Rainforest or Zoo as opposed to aquarium. Aquarium is a little misleading considering there is far more animal life than fish life in this place. My favorite is the huge tank when you initially enter which houses the manatees, giant catfish, arapaima, giant turtles, etc. Not only can you view from above, but there is also an sub-level where you can see the animals swimming around freely. On the upper level everything is open air canopies with monkeys and small marsupial family animals jumping from tree to tree. Birds fly around pretty freely as well. You really feel like you are part of the exhibit in this place! The shark exhibit is also pretty freaking awesome...I could stand in that tube for hours just watching the sharks swim overhead. Although this place is far smaller than the Dallas or Ft. Worth Zoo, and comparatively much more expensive...it is definitely worth the experience. I have gone here both on a date and with my dad when he came from out of town. Guys...this is a perfect place to bring a new (or already established) lady. Girls love this kind of stuff, and it's an instant conversation starter if there happens to be any awkward silences. Honestly, my dad was far more impressed with this place than either of the zoos in the DFW metroplex. Granted it's pricey but you have as much time in the world to stay inside and get your moneys worth.
<review# 1725,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2009,1/16/2010,239,468,5,9,7>What a find! Richard Q. and I met a couple of friends here Friday night and we had a blast. As others have mentioned this place is definitely hard to find, the person giving us directions over the phone said to "look for an area with lots of parked cars after a trailer lot and then turn in." After hearing that I was expecting this place to be run down and a tad bit trashy but it was an absolute delight. First off, Valet was complimentary (yes!), there was a large outdoor section with fire pit, live band and some picnic tables as seating. Inside, there are large flat screen TVs, a nice bar smack in the center, pool tables, a mod lounge area and comfy booths. Here are my first 5 signs I knew I would love this place: 1. The DJ in the corner was playing old 80's jams and SPICE GIRL remixes 2. The TVs were tuned to style shows like What Not to Wear and Say Yes to the Dress 3. I saw people diving into things like brisket sandwiches and cheese and bacon fries. 4. Lots of different "sorts of couples." There were girls with boys, boys with boys and girls with girls =) 5.I barely sat down and a bartender was at my side asking what she could start me out with. We came a little late and missed the live band performing but the DJ was great. After a drink or two we wanted to munch on something and got the chips with beef queso ($6.75) which was incredibly bland (the chips and the queso). We weren't expecting anything orgasmic anyway so that wasn't too much of a disappointment. To sum it all up, Jack's is great for a chill night of drinks, wedding show watching and awesome music.
<review# 1726,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2009,1/15/2010,384,355,7,15,10>Why is the Bishop's Art District so bad ass?! Probably because of places like Hunky's. Hunky's is a 50s style diner (minus the dirty, greasy factor) serving up old-fashioned, bad ass hamburgers and all their necessary counterparts (dogs, fries, tots, onion rings, shakes, etc.) The original Hunky's is over on Cedar Springs but this location is a nice addition. My blue cheese burger was absolutely delicious. The meat was thick but not tooooo thick, and had just the right amount of seasoning and grease. I wasn't able to put it down...except to pick up my cheesy tots. Some tots don't have the right cheese to tot ratio but Hunky's did. The best thing about Hunky's is that their menu is deep...just about everyone should be able to find something they like (even the veggies). Or if you can think of something you'd want to throw on your burger they could accommodate you.
<review# 1727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2009,1/14/2010,541,525,14,15,12>I've been pondering over this review for a few days now...trying to figure out the best way to write this. I will admit, that this restaurant is a novelty, first and foremost. It's a landmark of Dallas "The big ball" as some call it. However, we Dallas-ites know the true name. Reunion Tower. Not only is this a great date night venue but also a place to bring guests to show them how big Dallas really is.  Among other things...I digress... Breaking it down... Service Little tid-bit. Getting to Reunion Tower can be kind of a nightmare if you're not familiar with the area. When you valet your car you'll walk in...walk DOWNSTAIRS to the hostess. She will check you in and escort you to an elevator. This I found to be a little irritating, as our elevator closed before we got there. Then we had to wait for another elevator. The elevators only come when they're called...so we had to wait for the hostess to "beam us up." Once we reached our destination (the ride to the top, was lovely....Dallas at night, ahhh). We sat right at the edge of the ball. (It's really strange when you're sitting there....you can see the floor moving, and the cityscape, but your not moving). Anyhoozie, our waiter comes, hands us menu's and a wine list. Asks what kind of water we prefer (tap is fine) then he scoots off. About 3 minutes later another waiter comes by and asks what kind of water we like. She then pours our cups and walks off. 2 Minutes later our waiter returns and says "Oh I see your glasses have been filled." I just nod my head like, yea you missed that train buddy... We order wine and he makes a suggestion for another wine, I agree and say "bring it on." He returns with the bottle and they do this whole "opening the wine" schpeil...I felt like we were at a magic show, whilst this is going on, he is telling us a story about his "better half" and his dad all loving this wine and how they came to discover it, yada yada yada. I mean, that's a cool story man, but look, I'm glad you're trying but...I could do without the story. Just pour the damn wine already. He was nice, but we're not there to shoot the shit with the waiter, BF and I were there to have a nice intimate meal together. He told us he would come back when both menu's were closed. We ordered an appitezier, but our waiter mentioned to order everything together as its all made from scratch, so there wouldn't be any lag time.  BF was being holy indecisive, WE were in NO rush...nice evening out. The waiter came over and said "are we ready"...we asked for a few more minutes. Waiter came back over...this happened about 3 times. BF's menu was not closed. It was like we were being rushed......Food We started with the Crab Cakes....um. DELICIOUS! The spicy sauce they had goin on...was superb.   I'm glad our waiter told us to order everything together, cause we felt we had been waiting a long time before our main courses came out...I mean we had the company of Mr. Red Wine.  So I mean, it wasn't THAT bad.  I had the lamb chops with roasted eggplant. I've read some other reviews about this dish and I have to say I disagree with them. My lamb was perfection (medium rare, thats right)...cooked perfectly. So tender and juicy, the eggplant was phenomenal. Perfect consistency and flavor of the gods! BF had the pork chops (ha, we both had chops...). He thought they were great. It was served with an apple/fennel puree. For dessert...oh man. This should be written up in D Mag. We had the Turtle Cheesecake. OH.MAH.GAH! GAAAAAAAAAH!!!! Fo realz. Best cheesecake ever!!! *shivers* Waiter comes by about halfway through our dessert and places the bill on the table. Ok. Thanks. Shouldn't a restaurant like this, wait until your table is clear to place the bill on it? Overall, here are my rankings: Food 4 Stars Service 3 Stars Ambiance 3 stars (it was kinda noisy in there...music from Gwen Stefani to the Beatles to Josh Grobin...holy random) View 5 Stars Total i'd prolly give it 3.5 stars, but alas, no halvsies...so I up'd it (go me.)*Also, Sidenote:  We were told this place was dressy.  However, I felt we were the most dressed up people there.  One guy was wearing a wife beater and ragged jeans and saw a girl wearing tennis shoes. AND a LITTLE BOY was wearing his pajamas.  Um, ok no.  No no no. This is what I mean....we're shelling out $100s here and there is a kid in pajamas?  This is not the Golden Corral.   All in all, I enjoyed our evening. Nice waiter. Great food. Lovely views of the city. However, I do feel that if we had gone to Abacus or Nobu, we definitely would have gotten more of our money's worth on both food and service.  It's a good place, I know lots of people will go check it out, as they should.  But this is not a place you go to every week, or month for that matter.  Again, it's a Dallas Novelty.  First and foremost.
<review# 1728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2009,1/13/2010,199,332,4,14,11>My sweetie loves cheese. When D Magazine mentioned that Scardello conducted cheese classes in its "Best Of" edition, we were immediately signed up for a wine and cheese pairing class and it was great!Scardello is a quaint little shop in the Oak Lawn area. In fact, it is so unimposing that you might miss it and drive by. It is right across from Pappadeaux. I mention that because you will not WANT to miss it.This place has everything from local to imported. I guess you can say that it specializes in artisan cheese, which are essentially handcrafted. Therefore, no Kraft singles will be found anywhere near. However, if you are looking for a nice brie or some variety of blue, chances are Scardello has it sitting in its refrigerated case. They also have a variety of wines, mustards and even the alleged "world's best peanut butter".The classes are a blast. The one I took cost $25 and I was educated and sampled about 20 some-odd types of cheese and had free flowing wine. The couple who operates Scardello is very approachable, very knowledge, and seems to have a passion for the product. C'mon we all love cheese, right? Why not class it up on occasion? Scardello will fill that need.....expertly!
<review# 1729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,1/12/2010,273,298,10,18,11>I have been taking Tiny Muffin to Woof Gang for a while now. Another Yelper recommended I try Benny's Dog Resort so I decided to make the switch. With all the rain recently, my dog has been going nuts in the apartment. I decided yesterday was the day to give the new daycare a try. I filled out the online app, gathered the shot records, and headed over for the meet and greet. Really nice people!! They gave me the tour and I have to say, this is a great facility. Much better than Woof Gang! Their nap area is crate free which I love. Tiny Muffin doesn't have a crate at home and I'm sure she didn't appreciate being put into one at the old daycare. The nap suites are spacious with elevated beds. The dogs play in a huge room with a warehouse door leading to the outside yard. You can't beat the price or the hours of the place. Did I mention that the first visit is FREE?! The price is $15 a day and they keep the pups for up to 12 hours (7am-7pm). So worth it! When I picked up my pitbull she was pooped out. She crawled into the back seat and passed out. When we got home I couldn't even get her to wake up. I had to nudge her and tell her about 5 times to come inside. Then when she decided she would wake up, she walked in so slooooowww. I am making this place a regular spot for my dog. In the future, I might use their grooming service. Doggies get so stinky when they play together all day!
<review# 1730,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2009,1/11/2010,148,98,5,9,9>This place is awesome! $1.50 tacos with Diet Coke in the old school bottle?! I'm in. This drive-up taco shack has about 7 different types of tacos including Lengua (tongue), Bisteck and Al Pastor. Trust me, I'm not the kinda girl that eats Tongue but this stuff is fantastic. They even wrap your taco with TWO tortillas. I know this may not seem like a big deal, but anyone who has ever lost their filling due to a tortilla blow out feels me here. If you go, save room for the creamed corn stand (aka Elotes) around the side of El Si Hay. The owner smokes corn on the cob, shucks it and puts it in a cup with butter, sour cream and chili sauce then gives you a spoon and says "go for it." There aren't tables so we just turned up our radio, popped our trunk and tailgated it. The next time I'm bringing my card table and chairs to play dominoes and eat tacos all afternoon.
<review# 1731,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2009,1/10/2010,226,292,15,15,15>My first intro to 369 BBQ was while my friend and I were driving up there. All he said was 'If you order anything that starts with General or sweet and sour, I'm going to murder you. We're getting the duck.'I love my friends. With my life on the line, I had planned on ordering Peking duck before we even pulled up. After seeing the ducks hanging in the window, I knew I had to have one. Our waiter didn't really speak english, but getting over the language barrier is really easy. . .just point at the ducks in the window and hold up one finger.  Holy quack, Batman, this is some tasty duck! It's rich, it's tender, it makes you feel warm inside. . .it's the food reincarnate of a Lionel Richie ballad. I gorged myself like a bear preparing for winter and when I finished there was still so much left! Like Byoung Kyu said, they serve you duck two ways and it's more than enough food for two people so it's worth the price. What really sets this place apart is the service. Everyone smiles and acknowledges you when you walk in the door, your drinks never get close to empty and they check in a couple times after the food is served to make sure everything's still good (I've had service like this at only one other Chinese restaurant in town).I've made several return trips without my friend so I could avoid his judging eye while I sampled other fare on the menu. The hot and sour soup is delicious, and I'm not a soup person at all. The crispy pork is probably my favorite behind the duck, but I've never heard complaints about anything on the menu. Since I no longer live and work in the area, my trips have become less frequent, but 369 is definitely worth the drive.
<review# 1732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2009,1/9/2010,92,346,8,11,8>I've never bothered much with my eyebrows, despite a vague realization that they really could use some tidying up.  When I first heard about "threading" a couple months ago (yep, I'm so with it), I had the mental image of someone taking a needle and thread to my eyebrow hairs to weave them together into some sort of nice shape.  This is how clueless I am when it comes to eyebrows.Sooo...after reading rave reviews of this place and finally getting the nerve to experience this "threading" stuff, I called Jamila, who was able to book me an appointment two days later.  An hour after speaking with her, she called back and said she'd had a cancellation, would I like it?  Would I ever!  How nice of her to call back.  I dashed out to Carrollton to find Radiant.TIP: It's located at the southeast corner of Josey and Jackson, facing Jackson.  Hard to find unless you know that.  Look for the Blockbuster on the corner.ANOTHER TIP: Her name is pronounced "Jah-mee-lah."  Poor woman probably gets called something different every day, but she was very polite in correcting me.As soon as I was settled in the procedure room, the first thing Jamila said to me was, "Your eyebrows are too light."  She then horrified me by penciling in what they should look like.  Granted, this is what every woman WITH A CLUE's eyebrows look like, but it's a big change for me.  I compromised with her on doing a slightly lighter shade for the tint (which I hadn't even been planning on until she made me realize how bare and ugly my eyebrows au natural looked).  The tint turned out to match my hair PERFECTLY, and I'm very happy with it.  I'm going to invest in an eyebrow pencil now.  What is this world coming to?!Anyway, she then proceeded to do the threading, which was painful, yes, but not as painful as I'd heard.  I do have high pain tolerance, so that probably helped.  She listened carefully to my request not to make my eyebrows too thin (I like the distinctiveness of my slightly Brooke-Shields-esque brows).  They're not shockingly different from what they looked like before, just slightly more polished and darker (thanks to the tint).  Next time, I might be more brave and go for a bit thinner and a bit darker.  But I need to work up my courage for that.Best part of the whole thing?  The tint ($10) and shaping ($10) were ridiculously affordable compared to pretty much anywhere else I looked.  And it was super quick and relatively painless (once I got over the initial heart attack from seeing my eyebrows so dark).  I may have just started a new beauty regimen.  Who am I?!  Next stop: find a shrink to help me deal with the changes in my life.  Aaahh!!
<review# 1733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2009,1/8/2010,213,499,18,16,19>Yes,  Yes, and OMG YES.  It's amazing that we spent almost a week in Vegas and ate at numerous celebrity chef restaurants and so few compared to this gem right in our backyard!!  After dining at SP's namesake restaurant across the street for RW I had a feeling that I was saving my special 200th review for Samar's opening.  Although I missed the Grand Opening party and the public opening was delayed, I got there as quick as I could.And thank goodness!!  You can tell this place is still getting it's act together and it's not that crowded yet, but we had a superb experience.  The setup is tapas style - but not just typical Spanish tapas, they've got selections from middle eastern and indian cuisine as well (about 8-10 choices for each cuisine, plus desserts).  Our waitress was clearly still learning the menu and cocktails, but I'm sure that will get worked out.  Everyone from the busboys to the servers to the guy bringing us our food to the managers to Stephan Pyles himself came by to check on us, and it was obvious that they all knew quite a bit about the menu and were committed to excellent service.  One of the managers, George, talked extensively with us throughout the evening and was really awesome.Unfortunately the cocktails had no descriptions and it would have taken awhile for her to explain them all so we went for the first two that sounded good: the pomegranate Samartini and the blueberry-mojito Susianne(?)  The 'tini was nice and smooth but the blueberry mojito was WAY too limey, and I didn't taste the blueberry.  Just OK.  We got a margarita after that, and it had an interesting twist...pear, maybe?  Anyway, I loved it.  The lowlights were that mojito, the almond gazpacho (although the liquid reconstituted grapes were fun), and the grilled prawn with crispy okra (just not enough to share with one big prawn and the okra was too salty for me).Very good dishes were the the tandoori halibut (although I didn't care for the eggplant puree), the sundried tomato naan and tamarind chipotle chutney, and the desserts we tried (chocolate samosa and apricot pudding).One of my favorites was the Persian fried chicken with fenugreek mashed potatoes (really like three fried chicken nuggets, but REALLY tasty), and Dr. S really liked the quail stuffed with rice and various nuts and berries.However, the standout of the evening, and dare I say one of the top 5 best things I'VE EVER EATEN IN MY ENTIRE LIFE!?!?!?!?  Srsly, listen to this: foie-gras brulee topped with sherry marinated figs and crispy serrano ham.  Need a change of panties?  It was THE perfect mixture of tastes and textures.  My mouth is watering again just thinking about it.And the best part?  This place is incredibly reasonably priced (especially compared to his other restaurant)--each item is like $5-10.  We were out of there for about a hundred bucks.  (And we ordered more than what I mentioned.) Oh, and George comped us our desserts too as a welcome gift!  Hellz yes!I think I subliminally wanted so badly to come back that I forgot to get my credit card upon leaving, so I ended up back to retrieve it about an hour later and it was like a reunion of old friends.  I can totally see us being regulars here.UYE soon, please???Random other info:  valet is $5, hookah is available on the patio, and they will be offering lunch soon!!!
<review# 1734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2009,1/7/2010,169,220,,6,7>You know, I liked this place, but having said that, I still am unsure of how long it will last.First of all, location. It *is* in the 'hood, but  the restaurant has been finished out beautifully and definitely doesn't match its location. There is plenty of Texan/Deep South influence. Reminds me of a Cowboy-Hipster-Yuppie love child - in a really good way!Our server was great - super chill, no pressure, and seemed knowledgeable about the menu which doesn't always happen at newer restaurants. My one gripe would be the fact that we had to ask for the BBQ menu. The dinner menu features other entrees - scallops, anyone?- with nary a slice of brisket in sight.No big though. We asked for a BBQ scantron and were told that that's mostly used for lunch, although you can order BBQ at dinner too.The BBQ scantron is a great idea. You can select what kind of meat you want - the boy had beer can chicken - as well as how much, various sides, etc. Lunch prices for this were astoundingly affordable. I definitely will be coming back for an affordable lunch of coffee-cured brisket.Onto the food. I had a hanger steak that was good, but a bit forgettable. I don't remember what exactly it was served with and while the sauce was good, the meat itself was a touch bland.My guy had a beer can chicken sandwich that he liked very much. The honey glazed bun was messy and tough to eat, but he really, really liked it.Dessert stood out to me more than any other course. They have a dessert menu with five or six varieties of homemade pies. Delicious enough as it is, but Smoke also gives you the option of choosing a sauce to top your pie with.We did a chocolate pie with a sea salt caramel sauce. Heaven. The pie itself was fantastic although I longed for more sauce.
<review# 1735,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2009,1/6/2010,462,279,18,19,19>After months of starting out nearly every Saturday with breakfast at Taco Joint, I finally got a chance to try lunch.  And I must've done something right in a previous life to score having lunch on Brisket Taco Tuesday.We started with The Disaster, a mind numbing mix of queso, ground beef, guacamole and pico de gallo.  I'm a huge fan of TJ's regular queso, but The Disaster makes the regular queso look like an underachieving younger brother.  I'm also completely in love with TJ's chips.  They're thin, crunchy, and perfectly salted.  And they're not at all greasy.  Yum.On to my tacos.  I ordered a brisket taco, a crunchy beef taco and a beef fajita soft taco.  What?  I was hawngry, yo.  I started with the brisket taco and truly thought I would only take a bite or two before trying my other tacos.  One bite and I seriously had to take a moment of silence to enjoy what was going on in my mouth.  These bad boys are greasy, but only in the best possible way.  The grease adds another layer of flavor and I started dipping my taco in it so I would be sure to catch every drop.  It was served in 2 corn tortillas with nothing else, just meat and meat holder.  Leigh P. added avocado to hers and I so wish I'd thought to do that.  As it was, I was perfectly happy with jalapeño ranch and tomatillo sauce, which I pretty much put on everything.Once I devoured the brisket taco (seriously, the best I've ever had) I moved on to my other 2 tacos.  I almost wish I'd eaten those first because they paled in comparison to the brisket taco.  Which is not to say that they weren't fabulous.  The crunchy beef taco was in a freshly made shell - the best - and had the perfect salad to meat ratio.  The beef fajita taco was stuffed to the gills on a warm and fresh tortilla and was also very tasty.Taco Joint continues to blow me away.  The absolute freshness of their ingredients, the fact that I've eaten my way through more than half of their menu and have yet to find something I wasn't completely in love with, and the genuine friendliness of the entire staff are all the reasons that I continue to pick Taco Joint over the numerous other places I could go to.I can't stress enough that if you haven't been to Taco Joint, you have to go.  Now.  Yes, it's downtown.  And yes, they're only open for breakfast and lunch.  But if ever there was a reason to visit downtown in the middle of the day, this is it.  Just know that once you try it, you'll become addicted and won't be able to stop.  I keep telling them it isn't nice to put crack in tacos.  *shrug*
<review# 1736,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2009,1/5/2010,443,598,8,11,12>Wow. I remember seeing some reviews about this place and I finally stopped by for lunch. So the deal here is they have burritos and/or quesadillas for carry out/delivery/dine in. Screw ordering out for Chinese and pizza again. Just order up at the counter, or call, when you figured out what you want and they have it ready in no time. I ended up ordering the Large Chicken D-ya and a Lemonade which also came with complementary Chips and Salsa. If you mention 'Yelp' they'll hook it up with some free queso! What a deal!Holy frijoles, Batman! When I opened a box, which resembles a pizza box, inside my Large Chicken D-ya was ginormous! I barely finished half of it. This baby was thick with all the fixins and plenty of meat. My only real complaint is that I just wish there was a bit more cheese in it to hold things together a bit better. Eating the bigger slices started to get messy for me, but I didn't care since it was filling and delicious. Then again I'm fiend for cheese. I actually ended up giving the other half to my roommate when I got back home and he was pleased and surprised at the monstrosity of this Quesa-D-Ya! I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be skipping dinner tonight. I actually talked to one of the owners, Paul, for a bit and he's an amiable guy and gave us great service. When we walked in we didn't know what to really expect and he talked us through about how they work and what they have to offer.  They also set up a year-round donation program towards Jonathan's House and the North Texas Food Bank. You can take in some toys for kids or canned goods, they'll send them to the people that really need it, and you get a discount on your order! I was amazed by their effort of taking part of social responsibility in their community. Even in this economy more small businesses should help their community whenever they can.
<review# 1737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2009,1/4/2010,259,232,11,11,9>Something with "diner" in the name that's a little old and shabby AND on my favorite street Harry Hines...what took me so long?!!! Nevertheless, I finally dragged my favorite people (my parents, yes, I'm really cool) here on Saturday morning. First impressions: Love the low-slung, squatty building with the long carport out front, love the jutting out windows, love the black-and-white checkered floor, love the woman working there who closely resembles Divine in all of John Water's films...The Market Diner is owned by a Greek family, which leads me to believe their Greek food is probably outstanding. However, I was (as always) on a mission for grease and comfort. I found both.Their breakfast menu (served all day) looked amazing. All kinds of waffles and omelettes and grits goodies. But for some reason I was hankering after one of their daily specials: baked chicken. They promised a special blend of tomato and spices, and the chicken was definitely enough for two people--bones and all. Tender and juicy, it fit the bill. The daily specials change daily (duh) and I feel I might need to return on Wednesday for the chicken'n'dumplings...for around $8, you get a big honkin' meat dish and two sides. I think I might have to try them all.And oh, how I love diner sides. I hit up the turnip greens and fried okra. The okra was deliciously hot and crispy, but the turnip greens were just okay. I have to say, I loved my mom's liver'n'onions dish the best. Dad's pork chops were delicious as well.I hate to say this, but I was a leeetle disappointed in the chocolate cream pie. It was kind of bland. HOWEVER. They had many fruit pies, and a chocolate peanut butter pie that best not disappoint. And with so much Marilyn Monroe art on the wall, plus a very high ratio of gay men all around me, how could I not love this place?
<review# 1738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2009,1/3/2010,150,120,51,38,30>Beer, at the dentist's office?  And they are the ones offering it to me? Ok. This is kind of neat.Cool leather couches from Ikea and HGTV playing in the waiting room?  Ok...that's kind of awesome as well.Wait...Goddamnit.  This is supposed to be a dentist's office! I'm supposed to loathe this entire experience-  It's been engrained in me since I was a little kid. Does this mean the boyfriend was right? He told me I wouldn't walk out of here hating the dentist...something's got to be wrong. I can't let him be right.Ok, hi nice dental assistant. Oh.. so we're walking. This woman is really nice. Wait...she's creepy nice.   What the fuck, we're on a tour? You're showing me the facility? What? Dental offices are supposed to be mysterious and eerie! Stop explaining stuff and comforting me! Whoa..What's happening now? You're explaining the x-ray to me?  On a TV screen that also plays cable during my cleaning?  Seriously....When will this start sucking like a true trip to the dentist?Ah-ha! Time to discuss what's wrong with my teeth.  Finally! This is where you'll lecture me about seeing a dentist more often, and tell me how bad my teeth have gotten due to lack of dental care. Finally it will be the embarrassing and accusatory dental experience I'm used to.Shit.You're complimenting my teeth.  I haven't been to the dentist is 3+ years and you've found things to compliment.Ok... I do need a deep cleaning. I figured as much.  Ok. Stick the needles in my gums 20 times and scrap plaque off in a painful, sadistic fashion for over an hour and get it over with. What.the.fuck. You have a gel that numbs my gums? No needles?  I can't feel a damn thing.  What?  It's over?  But we've only watched 15 minutes of the news so far. Impossible.  Now I'm pissed that I don't get to finish the news.  I knew I would find a way for FLOSS  to make me mad ;)
<review# 1739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/5/2009,1/2/2010,125,194,11,10,7>Cue Janice from "Friends". OH.....MY......GAWWWDDDD!!! I couldn't resist, I saw an email from Daily Candy about some new flavors and before I knew it, my car was parked in front of this bakery.Society Bakery has introduced some new flavors that throw-back to gramma's kitchen. I am not sure if these are limited time or not, but holy hell, I hope they stick around forever. Actually no, take that back, please remove these from my life before I become the next contestant on the biggest Loser. Shay's got nothing on me! Apple Pie cupcake. I blacked out. Too much deliciousness for one small cake. Apple pie and a cupcake in one? This i what heaven looks like! Light cake, creamy icing and baked apple topping. I am salivating even thinking about it. I giggled devilishly while scarfing the whole thing and then hid the evidence at the bottom of the trash can. It was shamefully good. It haunts my dreams. Other flavors i saw: Praline, Banana Pudding...and I am sure there were others, but I went into a coma.
<review# 1740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2009,1/1/2010,290,376,1,19,15>Oh WOW, oh WOW, up to 5 stars now for the following. 2G's are making their contribution to the slump in the economy. I dined there recently, made notes (yes, I often make written notes), buried the tiny napkin in my purse, and just dug it out this afternoon. SLAP my hands for the delay in communicating this valuable information. Read slowly and velllly carefully: Daily Ala Carte specials for lunch and dinner: $3.95, yep, $3.95 (No soup or salad included of course)  DINE IN ONLYMon - Chicken Alfredo Tues - Spaghetti w/Meat Sauce Wed - Baked Mostaccioli Thurs - Manicotti Fri - Tilapia Sat - Linguine w/Red or White Clam Sauce Sun - Chicken Cacciatore NOTE - no coupons accepted on these specials Drum Roll - HH Specials 7 days weekly from 1400-1900: House Wine - $1.25 (Merlot, Cab, Chianti, Chardonnay) Domestic Beer $1.25 Miller Light & Bud Light Other Beer - $1.75 Michelob Amber Bock Do the math - have a late lunch (1400 or after) or an early dinner, with a brew or vino and entree special of the day for $5.20 plus tax & tip. Add one more libation and you still have an awesome deal.  Or, just drop by for a few cold ones at the tiny bar, sit back and relax.All you yelpers out there who favor this spot, and those who haven't yet experienced this funky, old school style, down to earth Italian eatery, you won't be disappointed. This is NOT haute' cuisine by any stretch, just decent, palatable food served in a cheesy, sorta divey fun atmosphere by friendly staff. Ask for Alex if you go. He works every 3rd Sunday, and on Mon & Tues, off on Wed, back on Thurs, Fri & Sat, working lunch or dinner or both. Great guy, friendly, attentive, and oh so courteous and respectful to us female solo diners. Briefly, my spaghetti and meat sauce on this past visit was very good, and a huge serving. Added the red pepper flakes, Parmesan cheese, and dug in with the wonderful soft roll. Mmmmm, so good. Amazing to walk out of a restaurant for $10, including 1 vino, entree, tax and tip. Go guys, support this great place making its own contributions!
<review# 1741,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/24/2009,12/31/2009,193,345,7,9,6>OK I came here today bc of Joe's ROTD.  Not too far away but a little tough to spot, as it looks like a place to get your oil changed more than a coffee shop.  First thoughts - it's ok, a little industrial, but that's cool- just not overly cozy.  I picked up a sandwich (turkey & avacado bc the chicken salad looked a little too mayo-ey*), a latte and a bottle of water for $10. not bad.  Digging the music, while i waited for my latte I heard Jack Johnson, Willie Nelson and the Beatles...all tunes currently residing on my ipod.  Almost every table was taken, which is nice, apparently a lot of people are here working, studying or yelping today.  I chose a seat upstairs in the loft area, which was nice and quiet.  *Here's where things turn sour:  I crack open my delish looking sammie and find EEEK! TONS of mayo.  If you dont know me, MAYO is my archnemesis.  I would be forced to die if my asthma inhaler were buried in a jar of mayo.  I dont have asthma, and dont know why anyone would put my inhaler in mayo if I did, but it makes the point.  So I immediately threw away my sandwich and realized I just paid $10 for a coffee and a bottle of water.  Suddenly not so groovy.  Next time I will eat before I come, and I think it will be ok.  however, I give it 3 stars because I prefer Murray St or Corner Market for offerings, although this place is probably better for atmosphere and available real estate.
<review# 1742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2009,12/30/2009,281,210,7,11,12>THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE RESTUARANT... TIED ONLY TO TOULOUSE!Why I love Chic with my whole body, mind, and soul:1. It's just like Barcelona! Even the Gaudi sidewalk out front is exactly like the sidewalks along the beautiful Catalunyan streets!2. The sangria is the best I've had in the US-- EVER!3. The croquetas- SUPERB. I'm crazy for the croquetas. They spin around my head while I sleep they are so amazing and delicious and PERFECT! Croquetas are like little lightly friend nuggets filled with soft, perfect delicious fresh cheese. They also have ones filled with egg and chicken, but the cheese is la bomba. 4. Pan amb tomaquet ( bread smeared with olive oil and tomatoes) Smeared is kind of an ugly word, and this isn't ugly. It's delicious. It's delicate and beautiful. 5. The decor is really magical and cheerful and I am obsessed with it. The other tapas I've tried here are the patatas bravas (potatoes with a mayo/ketchup sauce) and the paella. They're good- but the croquettas get the big award in my book. Please try this delicious slice of heaven. It's kind of a strange location but once you enter the door, you enter the most amazing European city. I lived in Barcelona for one year and this restaurant really takes me back there. Hip Hip Hooray! Three cheers for CHIC!
<review# 1743,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2009,12/29/2009,147,117,14,12,14>Well well well, look who has slipped through the cracks of my yelping mind....I refer to this place enough, i might as well give it it's due.  This IS, my favorite dive bar of all time!  From the outside, it looks like a Easter egg colored house with a patio of overgrown palm trees.  It still has railraod ties from the Civil War in the parking lot.  It's called Milo Butterfingers for goodness sakes!  How can you not love this place before setting one foot inside?!!?They have redone it a little bit in recent history, but the vibe is still the same.  If you walk in during the day, be prepared for an eye adjustment, cause it's cave dark in this joint.  So, first you will walk past the cooking station that can dish out bar food that rivals any place on Yelp.  The wings will knock you down, with flavor and bite.  The nachos are piled high, and have it all.  The patty melt is unique and packed with gooey flavor.  But the cheese stands alone.....excuse me, the chili cheese stands alone.  This chili cheese burger is something to marvel at, bring a fork and a bib!It's pretty much, half restaurant bar, and half pool hall/arcade/dart throwin/partytown!  Put that on the sign out front Milo!  There is always a challenge on the pool tables, whether it be monitary, or for pride, and most of the time, that road goes through me, so bring it on.  There are dart boards all over the place, and the dart board graveyard up above them always makes me laugh, and think about how long this place has been around and it's still kicking.  They have all of the video games with the rolly ball thingy, Silver Strike, Golden Tee, Bags, and that lame ass Big Buck Hunter.  And the biggest and best improvement, has been the TV upgrade, there have always been a lot of boob tubes at Milos, but now they are flatter, clearer, and elveated, instead of stacked on top of each other.  That was a sight back in the day.The staff is awesome, Mindy leads the way, and will take care of you like you were her own.  The crowd is consistent, whether it be the regulars, the game watching crowd, the SMU youngstas, or just people who generally don't care for sunlight.  The decor is garage sale, meets bar, who slept with a flea market, who owns an electronics store, AND IT WORKS!See ya in about 15 Milos, go Rangers!
<review# 1744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2009,12/28/2009,621,968,10,14,14>Read the writeup of Legacy Books in the D magazine and since I found myself on a road trip in the area I thought I would give it a go.  Holy cow yes, it is big, three stories in fact.  It is also very urban chic like Rich said...light wood floors, leather chairs everywhere, shiny silver metal, open-air kitchen/cafe and the walls of windows make it feel very open and airy.  They even have areas for book club meetings or author signings and a kitchen for demonstrations by cookbook authors.  They had a small section of bargain books and an even smaller section of CDs.  As far as book selections, they seemed to have most everything that all the other places would have.  I'd say the difference is that the people working there seemed pretty excited about being there from what I saw.  Also when I checked out with my book I found, the girl told me that the author was great.  I asked if she'd read this book (I haven't even heard of the author) and she said she had read his others, but her friends said this book was great.  A cashier that actually likes to read and knows about non-mainstream authors?  Coolio.  If it were closer to my house I would definitely go there all the time.  As it is though I'll just stop in whenever I find myself nearby.
<review# 1745,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2009,12/27/2009,213,158,13,26,17>This is gonna be short and sweet. There are only a few things that you want to know before hiring movers...but those things are VERY important. After getting jipped in a BIG way last year by my movers, I was determined to find some decent, honest movers that wouldn't break my pocket book. Pat myself on the back...success....thanks to you, my yelp buddies ;) Monica M. definitely sealed the deal with her rave reviews...and it served me well :)Did they provide a quick and accurate quote? Yes..yes they did...with  NO hidden fees or agenda'sWere they on time? Actually no, but how they handled it saved them from losing a star. I had to change my moving time at the last mnute due to hiccups getting my keys to the new place.....but they obliged to the change without any hassle at all. Unfortunately, one of their crews got help up at one of their locations....so they were running behind getting to us, but they offered us tons of other options they could do for us that day or even the next day...so that we were not inconvenienced any more than that. And they were polite, apologetic and sincere. And it turned out they were hardly late at all.....good business sense people, take notes!Were they fast?? I was skeptical just how fast they would be with only a 3 man crew....cause I have a TON of stuff and the first location had the obstacles of elevators and LONG hallway walks.....yet, in less than 3 hours I was completely moved. Were they expensive?? NOOOOOOO!!!!  They were the best quote by far, and at the end they stayed true to their quote, and I paid less than I had budgeted for!! (last year my movers charged me 3 times the quote once the move was finished....so i was really careful this time)NOthing was broken or scratched, they wrapped all the furniture, they were nice and polite......and I will use them again. As well as refer them to all my friends and family. Bravo AB Moving, you restored my faith in movers.
<review# 1746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2009,12/26/2009,120,67,12,14,13>5-Star Company, 5-Star Food, 5-Star Service.I expected a wait on a Friday night, but a 45-minute wait? Kenny, you are one lucky duck because I actually believe you were worth it!The wait flew by and before we knew it we were seated at a table, the lighting low - it was very romantic - Jennifer R., Bubbie and myself instantly fell in love with each other. Basically, if you want someone to fall in love with you or you're simply looking to get laid - bring your date here. It works, just trust me. Okay, so as we perused the menu at the bar, we figured out what we wanted to eat - Bubbie chose the Steak Sandwich, Jennifer chose her usual Coconut Shrimp and French Onion soup, I had the Sterling Silver Burger with Bubbie's Potato Cakes (hi, I was WITH Bubbie, had to get his potato cakes, KTHX.). No one complained. My burger was juicy and cooked as specified (to perfection), the cheese was melted over the bacon and perfectly sour pickles accompanied this creation (think of the crisp, Claussen pickle strips), only problem? I had to ask for mustard. Oh well, that's truly nothing to complain about. No room for dessert, but I will be coming back for you, Creme Brulee, just you wait.Kenny's has earned it's place in my regular rotation alongside Victor Tango's. Kudos!
<review# 1747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2009,12/25/2009,385,149,3,8,6>Not my #1 burger but a real close second. I called them about 11am to order my burger ahead of time since I only had about 30min for lunch. It wouldn't have mattered because they didn't have it ready when I told them I would be there. I don't hold it against them because they were really busy. The place is under the Addison Inprov and it is kinda small but jammed packed with people. When you walk through the front doors they ask you to form 2 lines, but then there was people standing all over the place that were waiting for their food. It only had taken about 5 min. to get my order then I left. The burger was really good, better than I thought it would be. I got a 1/3 pounder on a multi-grain bun with lettuce, jalapenos and their "crack sauce" or Smash-sauce as they call it. The sauce was really good. The burger does not look or taste like it was frozen and the jalapenos look like they were freshly cut. The spiciness of the jalapenos with the combination of the crack sauce was really good. I didn't get the fries, I try not to eat fries anymore. I do, but not nearly as much as I used to back in the day. I would say, I would go back but this time get bacon and get a 1/2 pounder instead. It was really good, but my favorite burger of all time "so far" is still Fatburger on the West Coast. Every time I go to Vegas I have to stop there. I hope they open one in Irving closer to my house. Good stuff MZ
<review# 1748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2009,12/24/2009,100,86,9,10,8>Nothing better than celebrating a month of no eating than by visiting a place with lotsa eating!  Hubster and I decided Tokyo One's massive buffet was a wise option after a month of fasting.  Truth be told, no one item is particularly great here.  Wait, except the shrimp fried rice which is, quite possibly, the best fried rice ever.  But I digress.  The beauty of this place is the sheer quantity and variety.  You can have rolls, sushi, tempura, salads, shabu shabu, massive crab legs, hibachi, various hot items like dumplings and such, and dessert.  And after you've unbuttoned your pants and decided you can't eat another bite, order a scoop of the mango sorbet because it's that good.  Do not be fooled, this is not a place for sushi connoisseurs.  It is, however, a pretty solid $30 investment, especially when you haven't eaten during daylight hours for the last month.
<review# 1749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,12/23/2009,58,271,1,11,12>Every week, I look forward to the day I have my sewing class at El Centro College.  I took Pattern making and the Advanced sewing class in their Continuing Education program.  The classes are only $95-$150 for 32 hours.    The instructor is super-patient and encouraging.  He used to sew for the Todd Oldham label in the 90's, so he shares all his practical experience  and proper tailoring techniques that you can't learn from commercial pattern instructions.Other continuing education classes offered include millinery, jewelry making (we visited the studio;  looked pretty cool), sommelier training.  If I weren't absorbed in sewing right now, I would sign up for one of those.   I'm not familiar with their degree programs, but they look like a cost-effective way to get practical training for the job market.  I docked one star because there is only street parking or paid lots.  It's also not an area I'd want to be caught late at night.
<review# 1750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,12/22/2009,207,393,8,16,18>I've lived in Euless since 2005 and I've driven east and west on Hwy 183, well, probably one hundred eighty three times at least, each time glancing over and thinking, "Hmmm, I should try that place. What's that sign say? Well, can't read it now. It's just a little building inside a generic parking lot." *Finally*, after all this time, I remembered to figure out what it was and try it instead of my default Taco Bell.It was worth the wait and I begrudge anyone who learned of it in a more efficient fashion than I. As Michael and Yvette described, it's just a little building in a parking lot with no inside services, but the cheese steak sandwich is great. The beef is smokey and salty; the bread is spongy and warm (not tough, crusty, or grilled); the onions are garlicy and spicy; and the Whiz is, well, it's canned cheese product spread *under* the meat but through the Power of Transubstantiation, turns into gooey Gold in your mouf (yes, "mouf," as in M-Au-W-F, rhymes with "mouse".) Go with the Combo No 1 - any 10", chips, drink - and it's ~$8. It's more than Subway I know, but so much better. If you need lunch and you are in MidCities, exit 157 Industrial and it's in the two-level strip mall on the Northwest corner.
<review# 1751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,12/21/2009,21,87,5,5,5>Best pizza I've had in Arlington.  They take their pizza seriously too.  I went and applied there a while back, asked for an application and they handed me an order taking notebook and told me to write my info on that.  Upon completion they asked if I knew how to make a pizza, and I replied yes, then they asked me if I really knew how to make a pizza.  I had worked at a place back in Washington so I told them I had.  They then had me roll up my sleeves and show them.  As I made my pizza they all critiqued my method commenting that I took more of a Dominoes approach in their opinion.  Anyhow, I didn't get the job, but I got to see how serious they took their pizza.  Besides that story, their pizza is awesome, and they do sell by the slice for a very reasonable price.  Being close to UTA I'm sure that helps.  they also have Calzones and other pasta stuff.  Very good.
<review# 1752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2009,12/20/2009,24,39,3,5,4>I just got back from Del's so the food is still fresh on my mind and keeping my belly stuffed as we speak (type?). 1. Their root beer is amazing. It's served in a frosted mug which keeps it nice and cold. The mug isn't huge but refills are only 50 cents, not that you need refills after your burger and fries. 2. Their onion rings somehow never become greasy. I have no idea how they do this but appreciate their magical ways and don't question them. The fries are also magically un-greasy but if you can't decided between the two I say do the onion rings.3. The burgers are pretty dang good. Their cheeseburger doesn't come with grilled cheese on it, but rather shredded cheese like you usually see on a house salad. This didn't bother me because I didn't really want cheese anyways but for all you cheeseburger fanatics out there, be prepared for something a little different. The meat was delicious, it was basically well done so don't expect something super juicy. 4. The atmosphere/people here is so much fun to watch. This place brings in a super diverse crowd so the people watching is superb. They also have the walls covered in old signs, clocks, and pictures. 5. They don't offer any salads/veggie burgers so don't come if you are a vegetarian or super health conscious! But then again, why would a vegetarian ever go to a hole-in-the-wall burger joint? hmmm..
<review# 1753,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2009,12/19/2009,322,339,19,19,16>One of my favorite things about raiding and pillaging along the Mediterranean Sea is the food. One time, me and the crew drunkenly robbed a kabab shop just for it's gyros. But I digress... I was excited to try Cedars and the place did not disappoint. It's slightly on the pricey side, and I don't care that it's squashed between Highland Park and Preston Hollow. Pricey is pricey. The food, however, is damn good. I ordered the combo platter with 1 side and 1 meat for $7.99 because it's the cheapest platter on the menu and I'm a cheap bitch. My fella ordered the 2 sides, 1 meat platter for $9.99. I followed him in the buffet line and made sure to request different sides and meat than he did, so we could share the goods. This turned out to be a great plan too, as the portions are large enough that you can nibble off each others plate without being a total oinker and eating all of someone's hummus or babaghanouge. Both of those sides were delicious, by the way. The hummus was very flavorful and not overly garliced, which happens at a lot of places. The babaghanouge was scrumptious; it's bad-ass self was all fluffy rice and full of almonds. The Cedar's pasta salad was the surprise lunch hit though. Maybe I was just craving pasta, which is why I even ordered it in the first place, but it was devoured in no time. I ordered the chicken, and it was magnificent. My fella had the lamb, which was OK. It had a nice flavor to it, but I just don't like eating baby sheep. Unless they are demon-lambs that breathe fire, then I say we fry those bitches up and feast. The demon-lambs only seem appear when I drink ass-loads of tequila and absinthe and then rob a kabob shop. They are evil little bleating fuckers though.
<review# 1754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2009,12/18/2009,895,667,18,26,21>So boys and girls, this will probably be the only review where I can say that Yelp found me and not vice versa.  Janna, Robert's (the owner) sister emailed me on Yelp last week mentioning they'd love to have me come by and say hello.  What I found out later is that Janna saw a comment that I left on someone else's Yelp page about going to Fybr back in the day (RIP - Fybr), so that's why she emailed me.No offense to Orange...I had really planned on making them my "home" salon.  BUT after I came down from the high, I decided that I don't like having two people work on my hair (one for color and one for cut).  And Orange is just a little too pricey for me.  I also like to drink wine when I get my hair did. That's just a personal preference, but I still judge salons by lack of booze.  ;)After exchanging a few emails with Janna last week, she said she could get me in for cut and color this past Saturday.  When I walked into Live Hair Group I was immediately greeted by Janna, and immediately felt at home.  I was introduced to my "hair artist" (that just sounds cool) named Tasha. She asked me what I was looking to do with my hair.  I told her I wanted a trim, and I needed some new highlights.  She offered a suggestion for color, which I love when stylist do that.  I'm more trusting of their opinions than my own.  As soon as she went to mix up the color Janna offered me a glass of wine.  She brought it to me in a styrofoam cup.  Yep.  That pretty much sealed the deal that this salon is my type of place.Honestly the salon isn't plush like some other salons I've been in, and it's pretty small, but they have all the essentials, and what they might not have in a decked-out-salon they make up for in personality.  Everyone that I encountered on my visit so was so nice.  I feel like if I was in the neighborhood I could just pop in and hang out for a while.  It just has that kind of vibe and you want to be around the people that work there.Any who...to summarize - my hair turned out fabulous.  Tasha curled my hair, which I was surprised by.  I never ever curl my hair.  I lack the girly gene to where I can ever do anything fun with my hair.  My hair doesn't really hold curl either, but Tasha showed me some tricks, and I'll be damned if my hair didn't stay curled all day.  I'm going to try to recreate the look one of these days.I wanted to wait a few days to write my review just to make sure it wasn't the wine that had me at hello, and it was really the salon.  It was the salon.  I absolutely can not wait to go back, and this has officially ended my quest for the perfect hair salon.The end
<review# 1755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2009,12/17/2009,108,346,5,7,7>So what if it was located a few blocks down from the Dallas city jail? And so what if you have to carhop your tacos to your own car with a view of horny farm animals and longhorns in sight? Just turn up your crunk radio station, roll the windows down, open the box of tacos and drown out your worries. My girlfriends and I certainly did!  The chicken taco was juicy and fork tender and their Al Pastor was moderately spicy and delicious. Service was straight forward and fast (without sacrificing quality). Tacos were kick ass and way, way cheap for $1.40 a piece. MMM.. Me gusta mucho! I'll have 5 please!The only complaint I could think of was they didn't have horchata to wash the tacos down which would've been perfect. But that's not even a legit complaint since they have coronas and Mexican sodas inside the gas station. We be back!
<review# 1756,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/15/2009,12/16/2009,104,375,4,7,4>A full stick of butter helps the cookie go down.. the cookie go down...The cookies are good, but for that reason--they could not be worse for you. Every bite is full of butter and sugar, so if you are counting calories stay FAR, FAR AWAY from this place, but if you are craving a good sugary cookie then this is the place for you. Always fresh, the cookies have been warm on every occasion that someone has brought them to my school or office as treats.
<review# 1757,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/13/2009,12/15/2009,199,275,9,11,12>This place is so conveniently located to my office and I'm try anything gal- I had to stop here. My taste buds are acclimated to Mexican homemade cooking so I was dying to know what this difference between the two was. It's pretty different, let me tell you. I went in on a lazy Saturday morning and Hot Colombian counter man speaks to me in Spanish asking if I've ever had Colombian food before. I blush and say I've never had anything Colombian before except coffee. He makes me blush harder by saying, "Not even a Colombian man?" Mrow! I practically faint and somehow mumble that I want breakfast. He claps his hand together and says DESAYUNO! He orders Colombian scrambled eggs, rice, beans, and arepa and an almonjaba (?) for me. What a doll. The place isn't much to look at. It's got a chalkboard menu, a small display case, a countertop, some seating, and small table with condiments.  People were hustling in and out, mostly speaking in Spanish ordering pastries and such. I take all the food to go and pry myself away from the burning dark eyes of Hot Colombian. The eggs are mediocre, my rice and beans are eh, even the arepa, which is like a thick tortilla with a grainy texture,  is just all right. They do throw in a huge slab of white goat cheese - the kind that my Mexican grandma uses to make authentic  quesadillas at home. But the almonjaba, a cheesy filled roll, is out of this world. Using the same kind of cheese that I just talked about it, it had a very distinct flavor and it was delicious. The menu itself looked really interesting. However, as a vegetarian, my options were kind of limited. Oh El Portal, how you make me miss chorizo. However, I would recommend taking pastries to go here. The coffee was a little watery for me. Stick with to-go pastries and you'll be golden.
<review# 1758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,12/14/2009,31,65,4,5,5>This is THE place to go for weekend brunch. We have ventured out to try other brunch places, but always come back to Penne. You simply can't do any better.Their prices are ridiculously cheap. Their service is fast and friendly. Their portions are large. Their dishes are all exceptional. Their alcoholic beverages are ONE DOLLAR. This place is heaven.We love spending a Sunday afternoon getting loaded on mimosas and munching on their bread. I usually order the bagel and lox for brunch, but occasionally I'll go for crab meat scrambled eggs. My boyfriend always goes for the eggs benedict. We are friends with several of the servers, they are all super friendly and accomodating. The place is always packed (I WONDER WHY?) and sometimes you have to wait a short while for a table. But not long, and not often. They run a tight ship here. Always a quality dining experience.
<review# 1759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2009,12/13/2009,139,83,33,14,8>The location is beautiful.  Let me just start with that.  I mean seriously, that Northpark courtyard is like a post-modern version of the Garden of Eden -- except instead of Adam and Eve, it's emo kids and pregnant mothers of twins.  La Duni has crafted a location that integrates so naturally into the beautiful landscaping and design of the Northpark courtyard, it feels like the restaurant  literally grew from the side of the building and organically adapted to its immediate surroundings.We had lunch in their patio/garden to maximize the experience.  This turned out to be a good thing for several reasons.  Number one, it was a beautiful day.  Second, it's REALLY quiet out there -- so peaceful.  Lastly, we sat next to a very wealthy British family who talked about rich people things at the table next to us -- MUCH more interesting than anything me and my wife could have come up with.  Hot former-model Mom: "Dahhhling, you absolutely MUST try my emapanda."Simon Cowell-looking dad: "Mmm... quite good, quite good.  Reminds me of our flat in Rio!"Mom: "Or our other, slightly larger flat that is also located in Rio."Dad: "Indeed!"(Both throw back their heads in laughter that ends with a very content sigh) Young Dakota Fanning-daughter: "Dahdee, I want chocolate cake, dahdee!"Dad: "Only after you finish your rice and beans, dearest!"  Daughter: "That's not fair, dahdee, I want chocolate cake now!"Dad: "Well alright, chocolate cake for all my girls!" All: "Huzzah!"Forgotten younger daughter:"And new frocks?  Will we get new frocks today, Dahdee?"Dad: "(Laughs, then tenderly takes his daughter's hand while looking lovingly into her eyes) Yes, my dahling, the finest frocks in all of Neimann Mahhhcus."Mom: "But you musn't soil them when we go to Paris like your last one.  That frock cost daddy 10,000 pounds!"Daugher: "I won't mum." (you know she totally will)Dad: "Waiter, we'll have (the most expensive items on the menu) and chocolate cake!"Daugher: "With ice cream dahdee?"Dad: "(laughs that rich CEO laugh) Of course, angel, how I could I forget?  Ice cream for everyone!  Tally ho!"(All laugh heartily followed by content sigh)Listening to that beautiful, exotic, A-list family be rich made me forget about the pain in my own life for a wonderful, if fleeting moment.  Thank you rich British family, wherever you are.Now back to La Duni.  I've criticized them for spotty service in the past, but we had a wonderful waitress who was very courteous and prompt about taking care of our needs.  A+ on the service.  Well done and way to put some effort into it!  I had the chicken flautas which were very delicious and very much like something you could get at either of their other locations.  My wife had the asado Argentino de bife, which is their high-brow steak feature.  Served with their tangy and salty chimchurri sauce, it was very good, but VERY rare when we had simply asked for medium rare.  No big deal though, I LIKE it that way, but I also like my instructions to be followed.  Imagine if the steak had been too rare for the British guy at the next table?!Dad:  "I say, this steak is quite crimson, wouldn't you agree dahling?"Mom: "Oh my, indeed it is."Dad:  "Well this, ah... just... er... (getting flustered) this SIMPLY WON'T DO!"See what I mean?  Hell to pay.  La Duni, you did great.  You are a class act and I love the new location.  Congratulations on all your success and I hope you continue to kick ass.   Four and a half stars because your drinks are still too effin' expensive.  Lower your prices to 8 bucks for any cocktail and you will get the full 5.
<review# 1760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,12/12/2009,60,212,3,4,5>Sweet Jesus, why the hell haven't I ever stopped in this place before?  I've been in Dallas for 5 years and never gone in!  Friend has been recommending this place for a while now and I finally cave because I'm craving something cool, something creamy, and something positively decadent.  Friend says, let's go get some frozen custard!  Off we go into the wiles of Wild About Harry's, to the counter and I stare dumbfounded at the menu: coconut??!!  peanut butter?!?!  I can't make up my mind!  After I wiped the drool off my chin, I went for the peanut butter custard and was in absolute heaven!  Friend went for the banana bread (?) flavor which was just as good, if not tastier than mine.  Next time, I will be hittin' up that coconut custard like nobody's business!  Yes, there will be a next time, and another... and another... and oh, yeah, you probably get the point.  Go get you some!!!
<review# 1761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,12/11/2009,160,643,5,6,8>While driving through the Grapevine RR depot parking lot, we took a creative detour to get back to Main Street. WINERY!!! I shouted!! We should go check that out someday?My friend looked at me and said Why not now?I said.. CARPE DIEM!!La Buena Vida has two wine tasting "tiers". Tier 1 list is 7.50 for 3 tastes and Tier 2 is 9.50. I went with Tier 1 not because of the price but because it had more sweet wines.Sangria.. top notchTexas Ruby Red awesomeSweet Amber.. its kinda "woody" and I wanted something sweet. It would probably go great with a salmon dish if you're cooking at home. Muscat Dulce.. hello knock you on your butt 18 percent alcohol content.  I normally love anything with Muscat grapes in it but this was a tad strong for me.We learned from our friendly wineologist that La Buena Vida is now La Bodega Winery 2 .. it merged with Bodega Winery at the airport. This is not just a tasting room though; they have grapevines growing out back and do make their own stuff. They also host weddings if you're interested in utilizing their Meditteranean styled courtyard.So we went out in the lovely courtyard and had a glass each of Sangria. Note: if you're going to get the same wine, just buy a bottle. A glass is 7.50, a bottle was around 16. Just buy the bottle. It's like getting an extra glass to split free hehe. I took an extra bottle of Sangria home with me because.. well I just plain wanted to.There is a gorgeous Moorish tile wall fountain with three spouts pouring into a pool. There's another lovely fountain in the center. There's 2 large pergolas offering some shade. Lots of wrought iron tables and chairs with umbrellas for shade if you desire. It is a lovely place with free music on Thursday from 4 to 7 and Saturday from 2 to 5. Check out their website to see who is playing and to check out gorgeous pictures of the place. They have some surf rock coming up and coffeehouse rock, etc. What a hidden gem back on College Street.Go buy thineself some wine. In addition to their own vintages they carry other Texan wines. I was happy to see Orange Moscato from Texas Hills Vineyard in Johnson City. That's a fantastic dessert wine. Good with dark chocolate. They also have a house Guertzaminer (I think I spelled that right).. I dig that weird wine that starts with a G. Another nice mellow sweet one.
<review# 1762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2009,12/10/2009,308,111,11,22,17>Oh My Dear God in Heaven! This place ROCKS!!I remember reading about it a couple years ago in some list published in a national newspaper or perhaps on the Yahoo! homepage or something--it was the top 5 or 10 Chinese restaurants in *America*. Everyone was kind of stunned because amongst the New York and San Francisco usuals was also listed some unknown in Mesquite, TX. But I never made it out there.Scan ahead 2 years later: rainy late-October evening--I had to go to Mesquite to watch a UIL high school marching contest, so afterwards I used it as an excuse to stop in at Chan's finally.Listen everyone: RUN!! Don't walk to this place! Its in your typical strip shopping center right off of Galloway/Hwy.80. You walk in and order at the front counter--they have a big ol' menu mounted on the wall with hundreds of stuff to choose from. I asked the dudes what "Crispy Beef" was because I really wasn't familiar. They said it was batter-fried blah blah so I ordered that instead of Szechuan Beef. I wanted a couple days' worth of leftovers, so also ordered the Sesame Chicken just to compare that very basic of Chinese staples to the chain joints. Buddy of mine ordered General Tso's Chicken. We both got fried rice with it.And now for the show! There isn't a ton of seating really: just a row of booths along one wall, but there is also THE SHOW. They have a tall "bar" type thing that faces directly onto the cooking area. About an 8-foot wok is 3 feet away from your face (separated by the enormous window of course) and you get to watch all the fantastic magic that goes on with these dudes that are flipping and slinging Chinese food all over the place. Rice and broccoli is flyin' everywhere, they're dumpin' liquid egg into a huge pot to make fried rice, enormous ladles of various sauces are being slung to and fro and slopped here and there, all at the speed of sound! It is a really fun thing to see and I'd seriously take a date there for a portion of the evening.The food: it was finally ready and did NOT disappoint. The General Tso's chicken was probably the best--nice and spicy (but you can get extra spicy oil to dump more on if you want) with a great depth of flavor. The crispy beef was really good, but was the least of my entrees. It came like steak fingers basically plus a cup of sauce to dump over it. Not spicy at all, but it wasn't supposed to be. And, the Sesame Chicken. Man, this was the absolute best SC I've ever had in my life! Nothing like that crap you get at Panda Express, etc. This was full of sliced garlic, a rich sesame sauce and very crisp & crunchy chicken still steaming from the wok. It was truly an experience and you should go there now. I mean right now.Lastly, they give you such enormous portions, you'll be eating for another day or two on this stuff. I ordered two entrees thinking I'd have leftovers for a while and boy did I misjudge that one: I'll be eating good on this for about a week and half.Recommend? HECK YEAH!! And I disagree with the other reviewers that didn't advise dining in. That is the ONLY way to do it, in my opinion. You're totally missing out on half the Chan's experience if you don't witness the genius of the cooks!P.S. Each of my entrees cost around $8 and came with fried rice.
<review# 1763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2009,12/9/2009,28,62,5,5,5>Normally, I would rather be at home with the bf and watch a good movie, but sometimes I would get out of my hermit mode and have the urge to dance and drink with some good friends. Last weekend happened to be my designated night out since my friend reserved us a table to see DJ Kaskade.First., when we arrived, I must admit I was pretty impressed with the entrance. It reminded me of the clubs in LA. and there was a long line to get in (like I said special event and I don't know if this is normal). We didn't have to wait. My friend just told the person with a clipboard who we were and they gave us an orange wrist band. After that, we were escorted up the stairs.My first thought was this place was pretty small. Then I realized that everybody was in the middle of the room and they were hanging on the railings to catch a glimpse of the DJ and other people in the main room downstairs. Upon our arrival to our table, there were people already sitting there. We were confuse, but apparently the staff let some people sit there until we arrived. Ok. Whatever. We just waited until they cleared out and staked our claim. The cocktail waitress brought our mixes and liquor and served us some of the time. She was nice, but I wished she was a little bit more attentive. Yeah, I know what you're thinking..."why don't you serve it yourself, lazy asses". Don't worry, I did my part. Towards the end of the night, my friend had to ask two different cocktail waitresses 2 times to bring water for me since he saw me chewing on ice. Eh, it was better than being in the MASSIVE line to get drinks. Anyways, that incident would soon be forgotten because of the fun we had in store.There's a platform that is align against the walls (beside our tables) and we danced our little hearts out. The music was great, and the people here were REALLY friendly. I took Francesca's advice by wearing a dress because 90% of the girls were done up really nicely. I could see how people can perceive this as Douche Bag place, but I had a very good experience. Believe me, I normally don't like to hang out with those type of people in that kind of environment either (my d*ck is bigger than yours kinda places).The girls here were universally beautiful and not trashy at all. They even had go-go dancers and they were really cute and petite. The guys were either wearing sport coats(c'mon...it gets hot in here), button up shirts, or those T-shirts that subtly show of their muscles (*rolls eyes*).I wished I could have checked out the other floors (I hear there's a basement that plays hip hop/rap) and the little terrace outside, but I had too much fun with my friends that I didn't want to leave our little bubble. Overall, it's a nice venue, but it's really who you hang out with that make it worthwhile. For my friends, I rate 5+ stars, but for the place, I'll give it a 4 (we'll see how it last considering most clubs' reputation usually dies down).Maybe, I should wait and get buzz later on during the night in order to see how this place would really rate. Yeah, that would be a negative. I'll let someone else do that. I'm going to have fun!.
<review# 1764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,12/8/2009,188,256,7,8,8>Like many of you, I love Fuel City tacos, but Commerce is quite a drive for me from North Dallas.  So, I have diligently been searching for something comparable on the North side of town.  Cholula is the best alternative I have found so far.The set-up is similar, but not identical.  They carry all the same regular taco varieties (picadillo, pastor, fajita, chicken) but they have about 10 more options than FC including some of the more exotic options like lengua and cactus.  They are located in a Conoco station set right off of the 35 and run by a brother and sister team putting out some seriously smokin tacos.  Besides tacos, they have many more Mexican options (soups, tortas, sides) that I can't really speak for yet.  But trust me, the tacos stack up. Another plus to this place is that they take plastic, unlike my beloved FC.Anyways, the food- We had the picadillo, pastor, chorizo, and fajita tacos.  Like I said, very simply prepared- Meat, cilantro, and onion nestled in corn or flour tortillas with a squeeze of those cute little limes.  I am a flour fan (don't hate) so I can only speak for those.  The green salsa they pair it with is a little creamier that FC and has more a kick to it.  The meats were all done exceptionally well.  The picadillo was still my favorite, but I was surprised how wonderful they all were.  The fajita taco was juicy and flavorful, but I have had problems with consistency on this one.  The chorizo is nicely spiced and exploding with greasy goodness.  The pastor, always a favorite of mine, was tender and melts in your mouth. My wife, a FC virgin, was going nuts over how great these things were (I've been promising to take her down to FC, but she wants to buy a new can of pepper spray first).Cheap, delicious, fast, and the aroma of fresh gasoline in the parking lot- everything you could ever want in a taco joint.  Take my word for it, the tacos are worthy.  FC may still be the king, but Cholula is a worthy contender.
<review# 1765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,12/7/2009,126,176,8,7,8>Since Kenny has been added to my list of culinary heroes, I will follow him everywhere.  Even if it means driving through the dreaded hollows of....Plano.  Eww.Two words that shall never be apart again:  Adult.  Milkshake.  As the Fuzz stated, Kenny's definitely brought the boys to the yard.  I was torn between the Attitude Changer (chocolately alcohol) or the....I forgot, but it involved vanilla ice cream and alcohol.  The Attitude Changer won, and didn't even have a chance to hit the table before I was on it like Paris Hilton on a whoohaa.  The whip cream drizzled with chocolate sauce, the creamy blend of sugar and alochol....I almost dipped my fingers in it to smooth it over my skin and absorb it through my pores...then I remembered Kelly and his de-lish girlfriend where there.  I was supposed to be on my best behavior.I love Kenny because he likes subtle details: the tasty, pillowy ciabata bread, the 2 lbs of melted cheese that covered our fries, the huge pieces of bacon that also covered the fries.  I hate Kenny because he committed the one nearly-unforgivable sin of a Sarah burger experience: he offers his burgers with mayo.  MAYO!!  Its not even a real condiment!!!  Again, my friends, this isn't freaking Canada.  But as I bit into my white cheddar burger, the juice of the patty oozing attractively down my chin and fingers, I chose to forgive Kenny.  Because forgiveness is the high road, and Kenny's burgers definitely take you to some level of chi-inspired nirvana that only juicy beef can.There was a Nickie G-esque comment at the table about a slight lack of flavor in the beef.  I theorize that Kenny wants the beef quality to stand on its own.  But if in doubt, take the leftovers home and eat them the next day, sprinkled with whatever floats your boat.  Except mayo.  You hear me?  NO MAYO!
<review# 1766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2009,12/6/2009,58,170,5,10,6>Wow this was an experience! As most of the reviewers can attest, this place is in the hood, but well worth the drive and risk (of getting shanked in the parking lot). The cashier in the drive thru window was very nice and helped steer us towards the favorites. We were very hungry and very hungover so we just started ordering like it was our last meal and when the dust finally settled we were blessed with the waffles, 4 piece fried chicken, chicken strips, hot wings and a wheel barrel full of fries, pickles, and white bread. The chicken and waffles were by far the best thing on the menu. My only complaint was that I wished the chicken was boneless but it wasn't that big of a deal. The waffle was nice and fluffy and went well with the saltiness of the chicken and fries. Wasn't a big fan of the wings or the strips as they were both a little too crispy and dry for my liking. Also one thing to mention is be prepared to wait.....which is good and bad. Good that you know they're making it from scratch and bad because you're starving and all you can do is smell the deliciousness that big mama is cookin comin through your vents!
<review# 1767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2009,12/4/2009,220,341,9,11,10>Sometimes I get a hankerin' for some down home cookin' and Norma's always fits the bill. My favorite night to come here is on Wednesday when they serve chicken and dressing. I get the gravy on the side (I don't use very much), order broccoli rice casserole and one other side (usually the bean or pea of the evening listed on the chalk board) and I'm set! My meal always arrive fast with a piece of cornbread and a yeast roll. ROCK! They have recently added chicken pot pies as the Friday special. The first time I went to get one, they had just sold out. The second time, I managed to score one. It was disappointing though. The puff pastry on the top was weird, so I pulled it off. The potatoes were not cooked all the way through and the sauce was really sodium laden. I don't feel the need to try this dish again. Breakfast is my other favorite meal here. Biscuits and gravy are AWESOME! The migas are also delish! Sugar Bear always finishes his breakfasts here with a slice of peanut butter pie (GA-ROSSS!). He thinks they have the BEST peanut butter pie in the Metroplex! The best part about Norma's is the super sweet wait staff! It is rare for me to leave a tip equal to the cost of my meal, but I've done that several times at Norma's. I don't know where they find such kind hearted folks, but they've had the best staff for years! LOVE the waitresses at Norma's!!
<review# 1768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2009,12/3/2009,49,77,3,8,7>Going to Victor Tango's on Friday night turned out to be one of the best experiences I've had so far in Dallas. I've decided to give it 5 stars because of the overall experience, so this rating isn't based solely on their food. I made a reservation for 7, but only 5 us arrived on time. The hostess was accommodating, though, and sat us at our table so we could wait for the others. While we were waiting, we decided to order the cheeseburger tacos, the mango shrimp dip, and several drinks to get started. The tacos were pretty good, not great. I loved the mango shrimp dish. I could have eaten the whole thing by myself. We pretty much decided to do a tour de Victor Tango's (drinks and all), so we ordered the chicken and waffles, ahi tuna nachos, lollypop lambchops, and braised short rib pot stickers for all of us to share. The lambchops were by far my favorite. My mouth waters just thinking about their deliciousness. The pot stickers were really good, as were the tuna nachos. I wasn't a huge fan of the chicken and waffles. I thought the waffles were overdone, although the 3 men at my table sharply disagreed with me and loved the dish. Now, the drinks. They're all made from scratch and they're honestly some of the best drinks in Dallas. The pomegranate gimlet was soooo good - very fresh, fruity, and refreshing. The Victor Tango was fantastic. I ended up stealing it from my boyfriend after taking a sip. The corpse reviver surprised me. The name led me to believe that it would be too hardcore and, therefore, not enjoyable - but I was totally wrong. Super good. The pepper smash also surprised me. I didn't think I'd like a drink based around red bell pepper but again, I was wrong. It's an unusual but very good cocktail.Lastly, I'd like to review the staff. It's not unusual to encounter a rude hostess or waiter when dining at one these super popular restaurants in this part of town. Instead, on a busy Saturday night, the hostess immediately sat our party even though we were still missing a few people. Then she came over to our table about 10 minutes later, stating that a large reservation had just canceled, and offered to move us into the big, round booth at the center of the restaurant. Also, my friend can only eat gluten-free meals, so the waitress talked to the chef, then starred all of the items on the menu that were safe for her to eat. She was extremely helpful when we asked for suggestions, and was very kind and attentive throughout our meal. I can't recommend Victor Tango's enough.  We took our friends that were in town from LA, and they loved the experience just as much as we did. Looooove it!
<review# 1769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2009,12/1/2009,50,73,6,5,6>By far, this has been my hardest review to write.   I started and stopped.  Hashed out words and abandoned them.   If there's any sign that I actually give a crap about what I write here, this review should be proof.I've hashed out every aspect of the experiences that I have had there....from the service to the limited food I've had there to the atmosphere to the juke box.   After parsing all of that out I have come to one very simple conclusion....It's about the beer, stupid.That pretty much sums it up...and it points to why things are what they are at Gingerman.   In that light everything else slides into context.  Let me break it down and show you.Food is something that is needed on some level when there's booze around even if it's just the stereotypical bowl of nuts on the bar.   Gingerman's menu is pretty much a glorified bowl of peanuts for the times.   A few sandwiches, pretzels and such.   But the focus is on the beer.  The food is there to allow you to keep enjoying the beer....but even then there is an effort toward the understated menu.   They Boars Head meats, which means they want to allow you to soak up some of that booze, but also want to give you more than an old and stale vending machine sandwich.   In other places you are given a monster list of cheese to choose from for the cheese board.  Here, The Gingerman recognizes that you have much more weighty choices to make when you are deciding on your next brew, so they don't give you choices on their Beer Companion.   And even when they have something as simple as potato chips as a greasy stomach liner, they offer something better than a pack of potato poopies.  They offer Route 11 potato chips to snack on.   I recommend the green chilie flavor!   So yes, they make an effort...but that effort doesn't take the focus off of the beer for either staff or patron.Service shows that focus as well.  I've been to this place when it was just a friend and I haunting the bar and also when there were 5 people deep at the bar.   When there's nobody there, you can expect some conversation and witty banter with the staff.  When the place it hopping it's all about....yes....the beer.   It's about getting the orders, getting them filled and getting  them to the customer.  Small talk is a luxury at this juncture....but ask about a beer and you will get an earful.  Solicit a recommendation and you will get a list.   The atmosphere is about giving you a place to sit to talk and drink beer.  Sure, there are a couple of couches upstairs for comfy ass planting, but the vast majority of the seating is there to get as many beer drinkers a place to hunker down on bare wood as possible.  The lines of community picnic tables out on the back patio show that this is about utility of space...and if you meet some new friends that's just icing on the cake.    Even the mens room shows the ethic.  The masculine sandbox is there for one reason....to deposit used beer in a utilitarian manner without just putting a fence around a tree somewhere.   Yes.  It's all about the beer.   A monster selection served by a knowledgeable staff in an atmosphere conducive to consumption served right.  You pay for what you get, but I've never felt ripped off.  Ever sip was worth every cent.And that's saying a hell of a lot.
<review# 1770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2009,11/30/2009,1341,757,6,16,8>After reading Colin B.'s review about this place a few weeks ago, I knew I had to stop by. Today was my chance to experience the taco revolution. The revolution is damn good. I tried two tacos today: the barbacoa and the al carbon. Between the two, I definitely liked the barbacoa one more because it was tastier and it came with fresh cilantro. It was a little greasy but still very delicious. The al carbon came with some grilled bell peppers. The meat was a little dry so I drenched it with the creamy green chile sauce. Oh my goodness those sauces are awesome. Man if I could buy it in a bottle, it would totally replace my costco-size bottle of sriracha. A thing that also made me happy was how they use two corn tortillas for each taco. The taco was stronger and sturdier because of it. Which only meant I could pour even more green sauce onto my tacos. Shyea! Next time I will try their breakfast. I really want to stuff my face with their chorizo. eggs, and potato combo platter. Too bad their hours are a little off.. (6am to 5:30pm) I could totally see myself here instead of taco cabana at 2 am in the morning. :P
<review# 1771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2009,11/29/2009,193,459,2,8,6>After going annually for almost 20 years straight, I had to skip last year because of my geographic location. That made this year's trip extra special. Forget the rides, come for the food. We usually average about $40 per person. Fletcher's corndogs are the best in the world, handsdown. I've never found them anywhere else but the fair. Then you have nachos, pizza, funnel cake, sausage, and all the fried food you can think of snickers/cookie dough/bacon etc. Soda and beer are pricey, so I always recommend root beer since it's always about 2-3 tickets less than a soda. The car showcase is always fun because you can see upcoming models and sit in cars that you could never afford or even consider buying. Then you have the pig races, dog show, bird show, livestock show, Marine bugle corps, cooking demos, live music, light/laser show, and everything else you can imagine. I like going TX/OU weekend since I usually go to the game, but it's usually one of the busiest Saturdays. Either way, everyone living the great state of Texas should visit the fair at least once in their lifetime.
<review# 1772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2009,11/28/2009,131,327,4,11,7>Katy Trail and I have had our good moments (long runs with shaded trees) and our bad moments (over crowded with people and nats). More often than not, they're good.I'm thankful I live within walking distance to a great trail perfectly kept in Uptown. The padded sidewalk is great for running/walking while the concrete "roadway" is great for cycling. A grandpa once told me the Katy Trail was built over an old railroad track, so it's a straight line from point A to point B with little incline. I generally feel really safe on the trail (especially when with dogs), but don't head down towards AAC at night. Lights generally come on about dusk, but sometimes they take a while, so if you're jogging a lone with headphones just be mindful of what's around you. Also, if you're not familiar with the rules, there are some:-Pick up after your dog.-Don't walk/ride in the middle of the track so people have to almost hit someone to pass you.-If you're going to pass announce it or make sure someone isn't behind you thinking the same thing (CRASH).
<review# 1773,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2009,11/27/2009,164,1015,6,6,6>DFW airport rocks.  If you are from out of town, you may not like it as much but once you've familiarized yourself with DFW, you will really appreciate it.  I fly in and out of DFW almost on a weekly basis.  Here are some things that make DFW great:--  Close parking.  If you are willing to pony up $18/day, you can park right across the terminal.  This is a bargain compared to other large cities which will cost you as much as $50.--  There is a reason for having 5 separate terminals.  This keeps security lines manageable at all terminals.  It's not that difficult to call ahead or look up your gate on the internet or on your phone.  There is a reason security lanes are a nightmare at LAX, O'Hare, JFK, SEA, etc......--  The tram rocks!  You can get to any gate within 10-15 minutes without leaving security.  So even if you check in at the wrong terminal, don't worry 'cause after you clear security, it's a quick ride on the tram.  The only draw back is if you leave from one terminal then have to claim luggage on your return then have to get to your car.  The Terminal Shuttles can be slower than the tram but still reliable.--  Rental Car Terminal is quite far off but at least there is separate Rental Car Shuttles for each terminal.  This makes the ride fairly quick (~ 10 minutes).  Rates aren't too bad either.  I just booked a car for 3-days for $87 which includes airport fee and taxes.--  American is headquartered.  This can be good or bad depending on your airline preference.  I have Executive Platinum Status with AA so this is perfect for me.  I can fly to any major city on a direct flight and most of the time sit First Class.  This also allows me to get home early if I finish my work early.  I'll add some other great things about DFW as I think of more.  but believe me, after flying in and out of most major airports (and a number of not-so-major airports), DFW is a great one.  Hope people appreciate it more than picking out small things which aren't that big-a-deal.
<review# 1774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,11/26/2009,231,448,4,6,7>I tried this location for brunch this weekend and I was quite impressed.  I actually like the layout of this place better than the other locations since its tucked away in Lakewood.  Also, parking was pretty open that day, which is a nice change from the packed lots elsewhere.Best part of my morning: $1 mimosas or bellinis with the purchase of a meal!  Sign me up, pronto!  Granted, there is a 6 drink limit, but 2 mimosas was plenty for my brunch that day.  I had the Penne "Salute" Omelet, which was an egg white omlete, packed with spinach, mushrooms, tomatoes, and cheese.  It also came with a lovely side of fresh fruit, which wasn't all melon like some places.  The Penne Hash looked/smelled great, also - looked like a mound of poached eggs & sausage & sauce *yum*In comparison to some other locations, the service here cannot be beat.  Our waiter was quick, friendly, and didn't bat an eyelash about splitting the check 4 different ways.  My water glass never drifted below half full and we were checked on frequently.  All of the staff seemed pleased that we were there and made us at home rather than reminded us that we were merely visiting.  I will definitely be back to indulge my brunch craving soon!
<review# 1775,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/15/2009,11/25/2009,251,161,5,8,7>Just a quick update.  When I visited the last time for a recent UYE, the service was indeed more solid than on previous occasions. I do agree with Diana J. that the slice of Margherita I indulged in did not do anything to knock my socks off (i.e.: it tasted somewhat bland).However, this time I did order the Capricciosa for the first time and it was very good.  All its toppings such as the black olives, artichokes and  mushrooms were fresh and plentiful.  The sauce itself was the most piquant its been for me here.  And, the pizza bread and crust do not receive any complaints from me.I feel good about my latest experience at Campania especially since I was able to visit with my fellow yelpers.  So now, I am not so apprehensive about  a return visit.
<review# 1776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2009,11/24/2009,167,230,5,9,7>Thank you, Thank you, Thank you Laura D. and Bonnie E. for your reviews. Because that is the reason I decided to try the Meringue Bakery. I needed Dora, Diego, and Boots cupcakes for a 3 year old's birthday party and Meringue Bakery knew exactly what to do and how to do it!! They put little rings on the cupcakes with lite white icing...perfect!! The kids LOVED the cupcakes and our little one ate TWO!! The rings were a success as well.They really came though for me and their cupcakes are moist and delicious. All my bakery needs will be filled here!!!
<review# 1777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,11/23/2009,141,424,4,13,7>Great Italian restaurant!  I was chatting with some Lakewood folks a few years ago and they were lamenting how they had no nice restaurants except for Andrea's.  At the time, I knew about Matt's El Rancho, Barbecs, and some of the other Lakewood classics but was feeling pretty dumb that the restaurant that the Lakewood locals were calling their favorite was one that I had never even heard of.   We don't make it to Andrea's all that often but whenever we do, we decide that we need to go back more.  We got a couple of glasses of wine by the glass and I order the Shrimp a la diabla.  My wife order the tilapia.  We also started with the Caprese.  Everything was very good and very reasonably priced.  Basically, exactly what you expect from Andrea's.    They have expanded a little bit since last time we went.  There was a new side room that wasn't there before.  As a short description for those who haven't been.  Andreas is a little and very quaint Italian restaurant situated on Gaston Ave in a strip shopping center.  Once inside, you realize that it is most of what I look for in a restaurant, good food, good pricing and good service in a really comfortable quaint setting.  It is not a place that to my knowledge has ever gotten a lot of hype but year in and year out serves impressively good food.
<review# 1778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,11/22/2009,725,843,13,15,15>Driving down Market and mini-me's head popped up and she said, "OMGWHATSTHATSMELL?! STOPNOW! INEEDTOEAT WHATEVERTHATIS THATSMELLSSOGOOD!!!!"  She's 12 and that's how they all talk.In her defense the smell that wafted through my car's AC vent smelled like someone was grilling in their backyard, except this time I could invite myself over without all the weird looks!  And I did.  The place is sort of behind Medieval Times near all the hotels...not the fanciest neighborhood.  But Buck's is totally worth the stop.I had the BBQ sampler with sausage and brisket and chili fries--I know, don't lecture about the lack of veggies.  My daughter had the NY Strip with salad and fully loaded baked potato.  The food was amazing!  The steak was cooked perfect and topped with coarsely ground black pepper and some other seasonings which tasted super.  My sausage had been flayed and charred on the grill--just how I like it.  The brisket was tender.  VERY reasonably priced.  Nicer inside than I expected.  Big soda tubs full of assorted bottled sodas.I love this place!  I'm going to take everyone I know here.  And I've read the other reviews--best burger in Dallas?  Really?  I shall have to check this out for myself.
<review# 1779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2009,11/21/2009,51,309,9,10,9>Wifey and I went for Restaurant Week '09.The place was packed, but the service was still excellent.  We were seated promptly, our waiter was attentive, and everything flowed smoothly.  Of course, none of that would matter if the food wasn't good!Everything we ate had an interesting and flavorful component.  The broth in the Lobster Shooters was delicious. The sweet potato puree that came with the tiger shrimp was sweet and yummy.  The seared beef-shitake pot stickers were great. The lemongrass broth in the seared lemon sole was flavorful and dynamite.  The mushrooms that came with the tri-tip steak were buttery and tasty. And of course, the dessert sampler was awesome!This is the first time that wifey and I had a different star rating for a restaurant outing. Wifey rated Abacus 5 stars, while I thought 4 stars was appropriate.  As you can tell by my final rating, I know what's best for me.  :)
<review# 1780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,11/20/2009,259,574,7,11,9>I hate to be the first non 5 star reviewer, but I just didn't feel this was a 5 star meal. I've had better steaks and better service at other steakhouses in the area. It was a good meal, but I've had better. The meal started with bread and olive oil with garlic and a spicy pepper in it. It had a slight kick and was tasty, but the bread was not as soft as I'd of liked. I skipped appetizers so I could try more of their side dishes. I got the small filet - cooked medium-well with mac and cheese, creamed corn, and sauteed mushrooms. Hubs got the filet and lobster meal with the baked potato. The steaks were cooked perfectly and were pretty good, but not mouth-dropping best steak of my life kind of good (which is what I was expecting). The sauteed mushrooms were a disappointment - very boring. The creamed corn had green chiles in it - which was unexpected, but a nice texan-y twist. The mac and cheese also had a little kick from some kind of pepper in it also, but it was tasty. I saved room for dessert and got the crazy huge chocolate cake and took 90% of it home. It was ridiculously big, but I'd of preferred smaller and better to huge and kind of dry. Hubs got creme brulee and it was delish. The service was kind of slow. I had to ask for a drink refill which is annoying given the type of establishment.Overall - it was a good meal, but if I'm dropping that kind of cash I can think of other places I'd rather go.
<review# 1781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,11/19/2009,29,20,12,12,13>The thing I hate most about moving is having to find a new salon AND a new hair guy/girl.  Its a combo package and one isn't good enough alone.  Okay, wait wait wait...back up.  Actually what I hate most about moving is the packing, unpacking and of course the hard prison labor of the actual move.  That said, once the move is complete... finding a new groovy land where cool shiny tresses are created.. is the next most painful endeavor.  I had the same hair guy for 11 years before my first move and for two years I went through separation anxiety and consequent therapy.  JK.Thank goodness I found Orange.  AND Corey.  The place is kitschy retro cool and Corey is awesome.  After only my very first cut I felt as though I'd known him for years.. and I loved my hair.  He is very fair and after one unsuccessful attempt at relaxing my daughter's Janis Joplin-like hair...i called him up and he offered attempt #2 for free.  Cuz he's awesome like that.  And I LOVE my color.. i told him he could do whatever he wanted with my hair as long as I didn't come out looking like like a soccer mom or a UK punker.  Happily he found the perfect place in the middle.  Bottom line?  Try the Orange Corey.  I think it's combo #1.
<review# 1782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2009,11/18/2009,118,198,14,17,14>It's Sunday morning. You are slightly hungover and your options are these...1. You can grab your Louis Vuitton, Ray Bans and Lacoste shirt and go to Breadwinners to wait in line for a good hour before eating2. You can go the the Original Pancake House to wait in line with screaming children for average foodor...3. You can go to Mama's Daughter Diner. Look like you are hungover and no one will care, probably not wait in  line and eat some great home cooking for cheap!Mama's Daughters doesn't fail. It's so good. Whatever you crave for breakfast they have. Biscuits and gravy, pancakes, waffles, fruit, grits. You name it (as long as it's nothing fancy) they have it.The waitresses are nice. The atmosphere is laid back. The food is awesome! Great place!
<review# 1783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/25/2009,11/17/2009,436,192,11,6,4>God, I love Deep Ellum. Where else does a barefoot crackhead wearing rubber duckie pajama pants and waving a cigarette interrupt MY brunch for a light, and then gets in my face and threatens my life when I politely ask, "What?" True story. And since I think dinner theater is cheesy, I am all too tickled to have the drama come to me, unexpectedly, with an element of fear and violence. Deep in the heart of Ellum!But as for All Good: I really enjoy this place for a brunch destination due to their salads. I get tired of huevos blancos sometimes, and wish there was another healthy alternative on the menu.  For those who think - ok - how creative can you get with a head of lettuce? Let All Good show you the light. Pun wasn't intended, but now it is. :)  I've tried the Main Street Salad with shrimp AND chicken AND goat cheese, yum. Awesome creamy garlic dressing that tastes fresh and doesn't have that distinct "scooped from an industrial sized bucket from Sam's" taste.  They use cheese fresh from The Mozzarella Company around the corner, and vegetables from the farmer's market. Their crab and avocado salad can't be from crab from "right around the corner", but it tastes fresh and rivals some seafood I've had in Jamaica. Not a salad - but they also have a veggie plate where you can choose 3 veggies from the Farmer's Market + a cup o' soup and/or a garden salad. Probably NOT the house specialty, but once again - nice alternative for healthy eats. Finally - the menu states something about how it's like going to Austin without stopping in Waco. Well played, All Good -  so very true and so very appreciated. Waco. *shudder*
<review# 1784,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,11/16/2009,68,94,5,11,9>This is a wonderful little Tex-Mex place that is often overlooked, and I just cannot imagine why! It's one of my favorite places for groups, and now that patio season has kicked into high gear, I have the feeling I will be making frequent stops at this low-key neighborhood restaurant. The food is delicious! I love their salsa - just the right amount of kick! And their margaritas ain't too shabby either. But one thing keeps me coming back time and time again: the Desperado Tacos. In fact, I don't believe I've ever ordered anything BUT the Desperado Tacos here. Lightly fried tortilla, crisp on the outside, loaded with gooey cheese, tender meat, fresh pico, and a hearty slice of avocado...need I say more? Ask for a combo - one chicken and one beef taco - they are equally satisfying. One of the things I love most is that this place is very low-key. No need to wear your sport jacket or tunic/leggings/heels combo. In fact, please do not.  Jeans and flip flops are fine here, no matter what time of day you come. Desperados doesn't have to be glitzy and glamorous to be well-loved...they just have to keep making those tacos!
<review# 1785,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/26/2009,11/15/2009,102,49,6,7,5>First off, this place can be tricky to find. Ever hear of Gurley Ave? Ya, Didn't think so. Once you are on the street, don't look for a restaurant. Look for a temple. Yup. That's right. You are going to have to go in there for your dinner. Personally, I definitely felt odd knowing I was going to be out of place. Nevertheless, I was drug here, and the only way out was to let my friend eat. Gawd. Vegitarian/Vegan Indian food? Really? I want veal! Walking in, the place stank of incense and unfamiliarity. This was definitely unappetizing. Quickly, my friend turned the corner, and I followed him into a very quaint, peaceful little oasis of a restaurant. Immediately, we started at the small buffet and salad bar they had set up. None of the prepared dishes were recognizable to me, but I tried a sample of all of them. Hey, when in Rome! After I scooped up all my food I noticed a white board where everything is written down as to what each thing was. To late now! Items that contained dairy were clearly pointed out, making everything else a great vegan option as well. We grabbed a cozy booth inside because it was to cold for the patio on this night. Since then, I refuse to go if I can't sit outside. That is just how great the patio is. Everything I ate I thoroughly enjoyed. Since, that awkward first night, I have been back several times. The only things I try to avoid are the Italian dishes. To me, they are basic tomato sauce dishes, and do not go well with the Indian spiced sides. I would rather go other nights when the main dishes are more in line with the other offerings! Needless to say, the enchiladas are great and have a distinct Indian flavor, making them my favorite. Check the website before you go, as the offerings are posted daily. They are closed on Mondays too. Besides the awkward surroundings this place is really cool. The best part is, if you take a friend they will think you are cool, and be so thankful for taking them to this place. I know all mine do! ;) I like coming here, but the surroundings don't really lend themselves to a "fun" night. Therefore, it is not my favorite indian/vegetartian place. However, it should not be missed!
<review# 1786,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2009,11/14/2009,511,139,8,12,7>Just got back from a late night jaunt with lovely. I had been at work until 11 and was ready to get my drink on but wanted to find a chill place to go. We thought of faces like Meridean, Gingerman, Cremona etc... but decided to branch out to someplace new!I had remembered Ricardi's had close so we rolled over to see he new place, "Hully & Mo's", which turns out to be an upscale sports bar owned primarily by Brett Hull & Mike Modano.  They had just opened last weekend in a quiet soft-opening so it wasn't very full--which was actually just what we wanted: liquor, calm, food. The *very* big plus is the food isn't "bar" food-- what we had was off-the-chart good. More on that in a sec. The service was fairly impeccable as it should be with plenty of personnel. Emily was our sever and she was very knowledgeable and attentive. She even had favorites on the menu already. The minus is, as a sports bar, they only had 4 TVs in the main dining area. Uptown is used to Frankies and The MAT with millions of 'em.  We had a slider plate with 2 BBQ Chicken, 1 tuna salad , and 1 veal meatloaf slider (which was *ridiculously* good). Lainey's Cosmos were top-notch as well. For dessert we had an, "Oreo-crusted Chocolate Ganache with Grand Marnier Raspberry Sauce"... Tissue please...It ended up being a wonderfully relaxing and culinarily pleasing time. I'm on my iphone now; I'll add more when I get to my computer. I hope it remains a place to chill, knowing Uptown I doubt it. Will also update once they get more well known and in to full swing.
<review# 1787,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2009,11/13/2009,549,363,12,16,15>Ya know, I'm starting to dig the Libertine. I've finally started to figure out the vibe of the bar and fun times have been had.I've been three times now, with the experience improving with each visit. First time, it was just Etienne and I, and we sat at a table. I had a Stella and the grilled cheese with regular french fries. I wished they had a bigger beer selection on tap, I wished I had gotten the sweet potato fries instead of the greasy shoestring ones. BUT the grilled cheese was da bomb and I noticed the table next to us had his little trio of fries and we decided that was a must-have for the next visit.Fast forward a couple of months. We're back with Seabird. I order the trio of fries and a chimay, Etienne orders mussles and fries. The trio of fries is pretty awesome. It comes with regular shoestring fries, salty sweet potato fries (not dusted with sugar or cinnamon thank god) and fried portabella mushrooms. Comes with three dipping sauces too. OMFG. Yup, that's the business. And I had just had one of those "I need beer and french fries and good company for dinner" types of days and it made my whole world improve.A couple of weeks later, we're back again, only this time with another couple. We order the trio of fries again (I am ashamed), and THIS time I order the steak sandwich. Yup, I've got a new craving. Imagine-- a crispy but soft french loaf, marinated grilled steak, cheese, and carmelized onions with a side of creamy horseradish and au jus. AND more sweet potato fries. We also were there for a "pint night" and got to keep the glasses of the beer we were drinking. I'm now the proud owner of many a Summit Ale glass. I left so happy I didn't want the night to end and we went home and sat on the patio and drank more beer.So, if the creshendo continues, the Libertine's gonna pass up some of my favorite haunts soon. Yeah, I'm talkin' to you, I_ish Pu_.
<review# 1788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,11/12/2009,136,202,8,12,9>I picked up some Cowboy Chicken one night last week on my way home from work.  How have I never been here before?  I picked up an all-white meat half chicken with green beans and mac and cheese.  It smelled delicious in my car.I am weird about chicken.  Sometimes chicken has a weird taste and if I barely sense that taste I will not be able to eat another bite.  Cowboy Chicken had no hint of it!  This was the juiciest, most flavorful chicken I recall eating.  I even ate the skin, which I usually toss without regret.The sides were also tasty.  The green beans tasted fresh, not canned.  They were sauteed and slightly burned, but that is just how I make them.  The mac and cheese was good, but not mind-blowing.Boyfriend and I were able to split a $7.99 platter and be satisfied.  What a deal!  I will definitely return to Cowboy Chicken; can't wait to try the enchiladas.
<review# 1789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2009,11/9/2009,97,38,8,23,15>It was one of these days where one thing led to another: heard Indian music in a commercial on TV, which led to streaming more Indian music from the internets, which lead to an insatiable craving for Indian food. The vegetarian kind in particular.  I didn't really feel like driving all the way to Irving or Richardson to be dumbfounded by the menu at a more "authentic" joint, and didn't feel like India Palace either. Taj Mahal was close enough and had been on my list to try for a while. Long story short...There is something to be said about low expectations, but... they truly do have a decent lunch buffet. The selection wasn't as varied as India Palace, but everything was delicious. Loved the vegetarian dishes in particular. Can't remember the names of all: something with a bunch of chick peas (my fave), saag paneer (very good too), vegetable curry.  I really liked the chicken dishes too (chicken pakora, aloo tikka and the classic tikka massala). Excuse me while I wipe the drool off my chin.  The beef dishes were good too, however they weren't my favorite. A bit dry in my opinion.  The naan was fresh, fluffy and delicious, as it should be! I tried the rice pudding for dessert and it was very good. It had bits of almonds of raisins in it. I had the mahal mango lassi as a beverage, which was also great, but I think I picked the wrong kind of lassi because it wasn't exactly what I was expecting! Blame it on my confusion during my visit at Taj Chaat. Next time I'll try the famous sweet punjabi lassi.Service was attentive. Drinks were refilled, empty plates taken away, all in a timely fashion. The only place where they lose a star is their lesser of variety compared to India Palace and also lack of samosa on the buffet. I suppose you can order those off the menu. You can't really fault them for picking a few dishes and trying to do them properly though. A great lunch experience, worth going again to satisfy your craving for Indian food.
<review# 1790,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2009,11/8/2009,46,24,4,8,6>Intro:This has become THE neighborhood hangout for North Oak Cliff for a reason: fantastic food and a friendly come-as-you-are attitude.Ups:Great food, well executed with a focus on fresh/local ingredients. The waiter made a mistake with my order Saturday night and boy was I glad he did. He brought the scallops with braised Kobe Cheeks instead of the softshell I had ordered. IT WAS UNBELIEVABLE! I almost wanted to kiss him (almost). The bartenders are inventive and are always trying new concoctions. Try the Creeper. It's dangerous. Downs:The service, at times, can be slow. Try to be patient: the kitchen is small and everything is made to order. If you're in a hurry, don't go at 8pm on a Saturday. Final words:Oak Cliff is lucky to have a place like this. It's sophisticated without being pretentious. Have some drinks and hang out a while, it's worth the wait.
<review# 1791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2009,11/7/2009,270,700,,10,6>On a trip to Napa earlier this year, I was bitten by the wine bug.  I can't stop thinking about it!  When I heard that Texas is the fifth largest wine producer in the country, even higher than Virginia, I was eager to go wine tasting while home for the summer.  After doing some research online, I was pleased and shocked to find out that there are wineries right within the convenience of the metroplex!  I'm almost at a loss for words in describing Delaney Vineyards.  I never expected to find a place like this so close to my hometown.  Our plan was to do half a day of wine tasting.  Our first stop was La Buena Vida, and we asked the lady there about other wineries in the area.  She listed them all, but we picked Delaney, because she said it's the only one that has its own vineyard on-site.  Just driving up was wonderful.  The building is beautiful, and the vineyard seems to go on forever.  We walked in just in time for a free tour, which was enjoyable for everyone.  Even the wineries I visited in Napa didn't do this.  The tour guide was also the guy who poured the wine, and he was great.  The tour was really informative and interesting, and I'm really glad I went.After the tour, we did our wine tastings.  It's ten dollars per person, and you try seven different wines.  I really enjoyed all but two, so it was definitely worth it.  The wine tasting was also a mini wine class, which was great for us amateurs.  Everyone seemed to enjoy the Sweet Texas Rose, and we bought a couple of bottles to take home, so if you're just stopping in to buy a bottle, I would definitely recommend that one.
<review# 1792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2009,11/6/2009,236,423,3,7,7>I can't give less then four stars to the only place around that serves Malay food. I grew up in Indonesia and took a group of friends I grew up with out to Lion City to find something familiar, since we are all so deprived. *insert rant: Indonesia is the 5th largest country in the world, right behind the US. Why is it SO hard to find Indonesian food??*The google-map directions to Lion City are wrong, so use mapquest. Leave plenty of time for a leisurely dinner, because with the poor owner taking orders, serving, running the register, and chatting with friends, things happen pretty slowly around here. We managed to pick out the Malay items on the menu and came out with nasi goreng (fried rice), kangkung (Asian spinach - yum), kwe tiau goreng, and a few other dishes. It was generally good stuff, though not AMAZING, but it was just so nice to have something from home. They lost our ticket so we had to tell them what we'd eaten, but they were so nice to us that we didn't even realize that we'd stayed past closing time. I love a good mom & pop joint that serves hard-to-find ethnic food, and Lion City definitely fits the bill. Don't go out of your way if you don't particularly care about Malay and Singaporean food, though, because there's plenty of other more fantastic Asian spots around.
<review# 1793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2009,11/5/2009,80,190,5,9,8>As a kid a Slurpee was pretty good about hitting the spot and cooling you off on a hot summer day. Hop on your bike to the nearest 7 Eleven to funnel the mixture of frozen Coke and frozen Cherry or mixing the Suicide of all frozen concoctions was a treat for any kid. Back then there was 7 Eleven and now there is Daiquiri's To Go to keep you cool. A warm Saturday late afternoon, just finished up at Kellers and had some spare time before golf, so Daiquiri's To Go sounded like the perfect way to keep the day going. D2G is not the easiest place to find. When we did find it I stopped in the street before turning and looked at my wife. We both raised our eyebrows and gave a shrug of 'we drove here, might as well' and turned in. You pull into the garage and just hope they're not going to close the doors on you. The owner, Marcus, came to our car and told us about the menu, gave some recommendations from each list of rotgut liquors (Rum, Vodka, Tequila, or a mixture of all three) and took our order. I'm a tequila fan so I opted for the Leg Spreader. Whatever was blended in the drink was good and fairly potent. Drinks start at $6 and each extra shot is $1. The drinks are brought out in a plastic bag which makes it all legal. It's your decision after that. After pulling out of the garage all those pre conceived thoughts about D2G faded away...this place is cool! It doesn't get better than a drive thru daiquiri joint. It's no where near close to home but if you're headed south on 35 for the weekend or getting off a long day at work then it's a great place to stop.
<review# 1794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2009,11/4/2009,31,146,5,8,8>What a way to start my hunt for the best burger in Texas than to start with Texas Monthly's number one pick.  Boy was I happy!Background-Over the summer I developed an urge for the best burgers I could get a hold of, and shortly after, Texas Monthly published their Top 50 Best Burgers in Texas list.  Given some criticism, I still value their opinions and was looking forward to trying out the ones in the DFW vicinity since then.  I was as giddy as a school boy in recess.However, I haven't had a chance to tackle any of those or other worthy burgers since then.  Sad, really.  But yesterday, my friends, my friends and I finally made it out on our first burger hunt to kill expedition at The Grape, number one on TM's list.Walking into this place is like teleporting into a European restaurant.  Small, crowded and cozy.  The décor is peaceful.  The other customers are pleasant, not obnoxious.  This helps when you're in such a small restaurant.Service-The male waiter takes our order by memory and executes it perfectly.  A "waterboy" walks around filling our glasses with about two ounces every 5 minutes or so... that is until the food arrives and we end up with empty glasses for about 15min.  Inefficient and annoying, but no biggie.Food-So for appetizer we get the pull apart cinnamon bread, gone in 15 seconds.  Lovely.  Then each of the four of us get the famous "Best Burger in Texas."  The presentation will make your mouth water.  The fries are delicious, they remind me of those awesome fries they sell in buckets at Six Flags, you know, the ones with lots of skin and taste like they're baked but they're not.  Supreme.I took a bite out of the 10oz patty itself to see how that lived up to all the hype, and it was a pretty darn good patty.  It's pretty thick at about 1.5" though.  Well spiced, not overwhelming yet highly enjoyable.The white cheddar was moist and flavorful, the dijonaise was the perfect compliment and the "pain au lait" bun was fluffy and toasted just right.Conclusion-I'm not ready to give this burger the "Best Burger in Texas" title as I have many burgers to try.  No doubt, however, it is one of the top three burgers I've had in my lifetime so far.  For now, heck, five stars.  I can't find a reason not to do so.
<review# 1795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2009,11/3/2009,98,143,10,14,12>I LOVE Yogilicious!!! I have never been a big fan of ice cream or yogurt due to my first job working as a scoop girl at Baskin Robbins. However, my friend Tricia C. now Tricia S. (HOORAY) turned me on to this fabulous place. Yogilicious has it all! Self service for the adventurous who want to try multiple froyo flavors in one cup, a rotating menu of froyo (with some regulars), endless free samples so you know what youre getting into, and an amazing topping bar with the freshest fruit and sinful goodies you can imagine. The combinations are virtually endless at this place. The only downside is that if you're like me and have eyes WAY bigger than your stomach, it can be a little daunting when you arrive and the counter to have your cup weighed and realize you have bought $6-7 worth of froyo and fixins!!! However, once you have been here a few times, its easy to get your order down to a science and come out fairly inexpensive and still totally satisfied. My ultimate fav is the taro with mochi and pomegranite!!! YUM YUM YUM. Although I like to think of myself as adventurous, I enjoy finding something that works and sticking with it. The green tea froyo is also excellent if you don't like super sweet treats. The plain is very tart and an excellent combo with plenty of sweet fruits mixed in. The biggest bonus of all...froyo is low in calories and good for you! And if you're really health conscious, you can do what I do from time to time and just stock your cup with fresh fruit! Yogilicious, next year will you be my valentine?!?!?!
<review# 1796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2009,11/2/2009,419,663,8,14,15>Well I wanted something special for my 400th review.  And a wonderful Restaurant Week meal at Hibiscus on the same day as my 35th birthday is about as special as they come.As Jenn said... thank you to Hibiscus and Nick & Sams for restoring my faith in Restaurant Week.I was the last to arrive of our party of 4 for our dinner.  Jenn and two of my best friends from Baylor... Mike and Sam C.  It was my birthday after all, and since I was born 10 days late, I have never been on time to anything.We were immediately seated after I arrived and our server was on top of everything.  There was no attitude or any snobbery that others have mentioned witnessing when sitting in the "cheap seats" during Restaurant Week.Since there was four of us, we were able to order two of the Family Style items on the menu.  The Tempura Green Beans and the Baked Dungeness Crab Dip.  Jenn and Sam ate most of the Green Beans but I did have a couple and they were so good.  Mike and I, the seafood eaters, devoured the Crab Dip.  So creamy with huge chunks of crab meat.I tried a bite of Mike's Bistro Style Chicken, but since I am still on my legal separation from Chicken, it was good.. but it didn't wow me.  But the WOW was doubled on my Mixed Grill of Petite Prime Tenderloin & Tempura Prawn plate when Jenn quickly passed her Prawn to me.  That was by far the best Tempura Prawn I have EVER had.  It had such a fresh and delicious flavor.  I didn't want it to end.The Mac and Cheese at Hibiscus lives up to all the hype, and I would go back just for that.  The garlic spinach with the cloves of roasted garlic made me sad for all the years I thought I hated spinach because my mother made that canned crap.  I secretly apologized to the spinach for my disrespect during the first 23 years of my life.Butterfinger Ice Box Pie and the Classic Chocolate Cake graced our table after we had finished our entrees.  We divided each of the desserts into 4 servings and I think there were some eye rolls after the first couple of bites.The Chocolate Cake was huge and so rich that I couldn't eat my part of it in one sitting.  I asked for a box to take it home and it was quickly boxed up for me.  I finished it the next day and it was still wonderful.Thank you Hibiscus for a great birthday dinner and a great experience to review for my 400th Yelp Review.
<review# 1797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,10/31/2009,384,355,7,8,9>I'm gonna go out on a limb and make a bold statement: this is the BEST sushi I have ever had in my life! EVER! Oishii offers a wide variety of special rolls. When I say special, I mean the kind that have sauces on them/in them. Some people claim that this is to cover up the taste of fish that is not fresh. I say, psssht! I don't really give a crap the purpose as long as it tastes as awesome as this does! The On the Border Roll may not sounds that great as describes on the menu, but it is freakin fantastic! And please do me a favor and order the escolar tataki from the main menu. If you've never tried super white tuna sushi you haven't lived! They marinade the super white tuna in a citrus sauce with little peppers- it is like a party in your mouth! A wild and crazy party where there are beads being given to topless women and the booze is free and unlimited! The Rainbow, Caterpillar, and Volcano are also my other top choices! If you have those wussy friends who are afraid to eat sushi, there are plenty of other options. My friends always order the Salt Pork Ribs (something like that), and the Signature Orange Chicken. I always tell myself that I'll come here for a non-sushi dish sometime but once i get here the sushi devil on my right shoulder lures me back over to the dark side. So why not five stars, you ask. Well, my friends, the location is crummy and, although they have tried to update the place with a recent addition, it could still use some help. I can overlook these things any day for the bad ass sushi they have!
<review# 1798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2009,10/30/2009,541,525,29,13,13>I was almost not gonna Yelp about this place, because I want to keep it hidden from the world.  I want to keep in my pocket forever and never take it out.  Not even for sunshine. Forever and ever.  I will rename it, Pet Grill. Riverside.  Ah.  Luncheon dive.  My fav. It's the type of place that decorates for the holidays....scary paper ghosts and plastic pumpkins threw up all over the place. Greatness. Hot Dog with onions and ketchup.  YES! Oh, I can add jalepenos and cheese....no thanks, just smelly breath and sauce of gods. Hamburgers.  Chili Cheese or just customize with your 100 varieties?  Sweet 6 lbs, 8oz baby Jesus. Chicken Fried Steak SMOTHERED with gravy?  Homemade biscuits?  I think I just spit up on myself.  Choice of Tater Tots or Fries?  Can I have both?  Ok, seriously.  I might need to call an ambulance.  The only downside....is they don't serve Heinz ketcup, they serve "Gourmet Ketchup"....what's wrong?  Heinz too good for you? Open for breakfast, lunch or dinner.  Extremely inexpensive.  My dog and tots cost me....ready...$4.  True.  HUGE portions.   I didn't even finish my tots...*sigh*.  Like I said, its not The Mansion so don't walk in expecting the most amazing service ever.   You walk in, sit wherever your little heart desires.  You will be seen by a server, place your order.  5-7 min later...VOILA!  Food.  When you're done you take your ticket up to the counter and pay.  Then proceed to your nearest exit.   I mostly do take out from this place and its always ready when I get there.  I'm obsessed. No one go here.
<review# 1799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2008,10/29/2009,199,332,6,12,8>Let's be honest, chocolate cures a lot of what makes us blue and can add that something extra to a special day. I had read about Chocolate Secrets long before I had the pleasure of visiting but never saw a real reason to venture that way. Luckily I met a fantastic woman led me there at the tale of one of our first dates and I have been hooked on both woman and place ever since.Chocolate Secrets offers something fancy, something sweet, something a little naughty and something way nice. They care chocolates from around the world from the very expensive foreign variety to the equally delicious local variety. The chocolate themselves come in a variety of flavors and are large enough to share. However, the Nutella crepes are the perfect elixir to share on romantic outing.Weekend feature some soft jazz combos when couple with a glass of wine and this exquisite chocolate equal a nite-cap that can't be duplicated. If you are in a feisty mood, the irreverent staff will indulge that aspect of your personality with crazy banter and some interesting recommendations. Fun, romance. chocolate......who can argue with those temptations?If you feel the need to stuff your face like Augustus Gloop, buy a bag of minis at Wal-Mart but if you crave something more evolved or want to ignite a fire in the heart or loins of a loved one head to Chocolate Secrets.
<review# 1800,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2009,10/28/2009,239,468,11,47,43>Dear Thai Tanee, I must confess my deep dark secret to you. Last week I embarked your wooden doors and once I walked in my heart did summer salts. Your warm decor and dark furniture is comfy but your airy curtains and bright flowers are o so soothing. The aroma of curry and stir fried goodness dancing around me was magnificent. But that was just the beginning to this love affair. One of your super nice waitresses brought me some sweet Thai tea that did wonders on this hot afternoon. Our fried dumplings were piping hot and perfectly crisp. I soaked these little suckers in your tangy sweet sauce and let the satisfied 'oh my god this is good' eye rolls begin. My partner in this adventure (who has never had the fortune of tasting Thai food) ordered the pad see iew with beef medium spicy and I opted for your pad kee maow with veggies and tofu ultra spicy. We were not disappointed. In about 15 minutes, two ginormous steaming plates of noodles are in front of us. Mine are packed with veggies and there is even a bed of lettuce at the bottom of my plate (though I hardly made it there) which I greatly appreciate but I do have to admit my level of expected spice for this dish was not met. I cannot comment on your pad see iew because my dear friend had literally inhaled it but from what I saw he looked very satisfied. I didn't get to taste your desserts but I know this much is true; I love you Thai Tanee. I love your affordable prices, how you feed my love handles with your large portions, great waitstaff and make my tongue dance with your delicious food. Loyally yours, Ariza XOXO
<review# 1801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,10/27/2009,90,154,4,10,8>First, a warning:  I was drunk by the time I got to the front door of Neighborhood Services.  That out of the way, I feel that my review won't be skewed by my inebriation.I've been dying to try this place since it opened.  It's the wait that kept us away, but since we were going out without La Bebe, we prepared ourselves for waiting and people watching.  Upon entering the restaurant, we were immediately greeted by friendly hostesses in the super-cool interior.  The trendy-but-not-snobby look of the place made us comfortable right away.  The wait was going to be an hour, so we went to the bar and continued our evening of over-serving ourselves.  We chatted for a bit with the owner, Nick Badovinus, who is a good friend of a chef I know from back in Cali.  He totally hooked us up.For the first course, we tried the Gaspacho, adorned with perfect slivers of spanish almonds and chunks of green, ripe avocados.  It was chunky and refreshing, making me remember why it's my favorite summer soup.  We followed that up with the Brisket Meatballs with crumbled blue cheese.  I was a little scared by this offering, but once we bit into the soft meat and were immediately hit with the strong, biting taste of blue cheese, I knew we were in for a fun night.  It was sublime, a perfect pairing of tastes.For dinner my husband had the fried Leg & Thigh, which was moist and tender with a lovely crispy breading.  I had the special Lobster Scampi, which was the only thing that was disappointing.  The lobster was cooked nicely, but the fresh pasta was gummy and stuck together in places.  It was tossed with a little too much whole Italian Parsley which gave it a little bit of a bitter, dirty taste for my liking.  I would go with an on-menu item next time to sample some of the regular offerings.  The highlight of the main course for us, though, was the Mac & Cheese Nick sent to our table.  It was creamy, sharp and rich:  easily one of the best mac & cheese's I've ever had.  At $5, you really can't go wrong.For dessert we order a Butterscotch Pot de Creme, which blew my mind.  Creamy and heavy on the butterscotch, served in a little mason jar with wooden scrapers (like you get with the Blue Bell mini-cups of ice cream).  Nick came by and remembered that I liked Chocolate from my dining at Hibiscus and sent us a Ding Dong.  A HOMEMADE DING DONG.  At this point, I was in sensory overload.  And I loved every second of it.The bill came and it was surprisingly easy on the wallet.  We loved our whole experience.  The service was awesome, the bar is gorgeous and we can't wait to go back.  This time we at least *start* the meal sober.
<review# 1802,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2009,10/26/2009,92,346,10,17,7>I generally hate getting haircuts because it means having to make silly, random small-talk with a stranger.  I also dislike wandering around Greenville because it makes me feel tragically unhip.  However, the people at this salon are genuinely friendly and laid-back, and they'll make you feel right at home.  That alone might make it worth the money, in my opinion.  As for money, well, I was expecting it to be cheaper, but I think it depends on who's cutting your hair.  If you ask for Greg, you can be guaranteed of two things:1) Your hair will look great.2) You will be paying $60 (plus tip) for a basic wash-and-cut.See, kids?  Follow my lead and make your reviews truly "useful" by describing the pricing!  I was desperately trying to find a new salon on Yelp, and no reviews mentioned anything definitive about prices!  We all know that silly "expensive-moderate-pricey" nonsense that Yelp uses is completely subjective.  (Don't get me started, actually.)Anyway, the friendly atmosphere and the great results made it worth the $60, so I'd recommend giving them a try.  Stinson is a place where you can ask questions about how your new style will "work" and not feel like a total idiot.  Since I actually AM an idiot about haircare, this is nice.
<review# 1803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/15/2009,10/25/2009,213,499,8,12,11>Went here for Vday and ended the meal positively stuffed and satisfied!  I loved the feel of the place, it was just the perfect size for an intimate, romantic dinner.  I disagree with those who say it's too loud or you feel awkward for talking over the entertainment, I thought it was all quite perfect.  We had an early seating, so Hector probably sang after we left if he did, but we did hear the wonderfully gaudy old lady tinkle the ivories for awhile (actually not very impressed with her, but any live music is better than none, in my opinion).  Hector did, however, come to our table not one but three times, and shook our hands and really made us feel welcome.  Not too many places go to such efforts these days, so it was very much appreciated.  It seemed our waiter was new, and very awkward, but we didn't mind too much.  I'm just curious whether they had him serving the folks during the "prime" seatings or not.The menu was mostly very intriguing and the food all good, but there was only one item that blew us away (stay tuned).  We started with "The Avocado" for an appetizer because I had read it was not to be missed--fried avocado cut in half and stuffed with lobster and cheese.  Meh.  I guess I have been spoiled by the stuffed avocado at Trudy's in Austin.  This version was much less flavorful; we had to rely heavily on the cilantro cream sauce for any sort of kick.  The batter was very thin and didn't have too much seasoning, and the lobster was kind of bland as well.  I did not taste the cheese at all, actually.  After that, we moved on to our entrees: i had the pan seared sea bass with cheddar risotto and lobster bisque, and my guy had the bacon wrapped ribeye with creamed corn and potato hash.   Mine worked together REALLY well, I wonder why people don't use lobster bisque as a sauce more often!!!  The fish was a wee fishy, but it was still really good.  I didn't really care for the ribeye, I thought it had too much sauce, so it ended up tasting more like wine and bacon than ribeye.  The sides were super good though, I agree with whoever it was that said the potatoes would be great for breakfast, mmm.  For dessert, we had the candy apple creme brulee and the white chocolate banana pudding moon pie.  I think I would have preferred a caramel apple; I've never been successfully able to eat a candied apple without having to rip pieces of hard candy out of my back teeth.  The creme brulee was a totally different consistency than I'm used to so I would have called it something else, but I'm not sure what.  It was a lot creamier, thicker, and colder.  The moon pie was BY FAR our favorite.  If there's anything from this meal I would say you absolutely HAVE to try, it is definitely this.  Flavors of chocolate, marshmallow, banana, and cream mixed together perfectly in this dish, and the moon pie had just the perfect texture to make you moan with pleasure each time you bit into it.  Next time I'm at Victor Tangos craving something sweet (I don't like their desserts) I'm totally coming next door for the moon pie *swoooon*So all in all the food was a bit hit or miss and there are too many other restaurants still out there to try so I don't know how soon we'll be back, but it was definitely romantic and a meal to remember.  Well done, Hector.
<review# 1804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,10/24/2009,263,343,2,14,13>I love this place.  I was driving past it a few days ago and made a mental note.  Yesterday, again I was in the neighborhood, so even though I wasn't hungry, I stopped by to check it out.  I met Jason the owner; I commented he really should have called in Jason's Deli, but he mentioned there might be some trademark issue or something.  It's right down the street from UTD, they have free wi-fi, free coffee syrups and the coffee is fresh ground and supposedly delicious.  I'd already drunk 164 cups of coffee yesterday so I passed, but it smelled good.  All the sandwiches are fresh made, no frozen crap.  They don't have any bialy's, but if the  business takes off he said he would start.  If you haven't had a bialy, check it out.  They deliver, and all the pastries are homemade.  I had a chocolate chip cookie with a cheesecake crust.  Great Googly Moogli, someone made a pact with the devil whoever came up with that. I like to support small locally owned businesses, so check it out!
<review# 1805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,10/23/2009,226,292,19,10,13>I feel embarrassed for neglecting this review for so long, but odds are I'll be just as embarrassed when I finish it.When I think about the EPIC nights I've had drinking as a legit 21-year-old, not a single night comes to mind that doesn't include Duke's. It was the landmark for my 21st birthday that resulted in me running headfirst into an endcap at Wal-mart before passing out on a pool table so my friends could turn me into a canvas with a battery of permanent markers (nothing like asking your mom for more q-tips so you can get the sharpie out of your ear). It was the point of resurrection for the Texas Rattlesnake shot (well whiskey, well gin, well vodka, well tequila, lemon juice and 1/2 shot of tabasco) and my subsequent digestive fireworks. Duke's was the middleman between a lesbian birthday party at a Bedford bowling alley and a house party in Allen (I almost got stabbed). My favorite Duke's story is that it allowed me to perform my first up/down (open and close a bar) although it did result in the firing of a waitress for overserving. . .NOT to be confused with the waitress we accidentally got fired for overserving on my roommate's birthday. Duke's you're my homie. I neglect you sometimes because you're the devil that whispers "one more won't hurt" in my ear. But you're also a friend. A friend with deals like $2 tacos on Tuesdays, 23 oz beers for $2.50 on Thursdays and all you can eat fajitas on Wednesdays. Add in $5 pitchers (which are sometimes $7 pitchers) and you can't lose. I love you Duke's, there I said it. You are the peanut butter to my jelly, the macaroni to my cheese and the cirrhosis to my liver.
<review# 1806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2009,10/22/2009,462,279,16,22,19>There's something to be said for food that reminds me of my grandmother.  In fact, I'm pretty sure Babe's is hiding my grandma in the kitchen.The concept is simple, choose your meat and the rest will follow.  And follow.  And follow.  We chose ribs ($12.99/pp) and chicken fried steak ($10.99), with a chicken leg on the side just to be able to try the chicken.  Salad and biscuits are the first items to be served.  The biscuits are exactly what I grew up on, straight down to the sorghum syrup that sits on the table next to the honey.  The salad is nothing more than iceberg lettuce, but the sweet salad dressing makes it worth trying.  Just don't fill up on it so you'll have room for what's to come.The ribs were huge, tender and full of flavor and served in such a great quantity that we had enough left over for dinner tonight.  Seriously.  The BBQ sauce is a bit sweet for my tastes, but that certainly didn't stop me from eating it.My chicken fried steak was enormous and probably some of the best CFS I've ever eaten.  The batter/meat ratio was exactly right and the crust was crispy without being too thick.  My boys wanted tastes but kept coming back for more until we'd eaten the entire thing.  The gravy was perfect country-style brown gravy that clings to every bite.  My chicken leg was pretty tasty, but I enjoyed the CFS much more and am so glad I chose the way I did.The sides....oh, the sides.  We had mashed potatoes, gravy, corn, green beans and cabbage.  We're seriously considering just getting sides on our next visit, which is only $6.49/pp, so we can eat round after round.  I've read other reviews wondering about the corn and knew as soon as I took my first bite that it is cob-shaved corn.  I haven't had that since I was a kid living on a farm eating fresh corn from our garden.  We spoke with the manager after our dinner and I asked him about it.  He said they order tons of corn on the cob when it is in season and have it flash frozen so they can serve it year round.  Then they cook it as needed,  shave the corn cobs, make their own cream and BOOM.  Homemade creamed corn.  I think I died just a little bit from the corn alone.I'm not sure how we found room for dessert, but we did.  We split banana pudding and peach cobbler, the pride and joy desserts of any southern cooking restaurant.  These didn't disappoint.  Neither were better than my grandmother's, but both were certainly just as good.  The banana pudding was served with meringue on top, which I've never seen before, and pushed the sweetness level a bit over the top.Our server, Wendy, wasn't a high school student but I can certainly see where service might be an issue.  Luckily, she was on top of it and kept us refilled in both drink and food.  The place was pretty full for a Wednesday night, full of families just like us chowing down.  One of the cute-as-a-button servers sang "Blue" and she sounded very much like fellow Garlandite LeAnn Rimes.Babe's has definitely been added to our regular rotation of restaurants.  And next time we go, I'm bringing grandma back home with me.
<review# 1807,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,10/21/2009,443,598,7,13,11>I came up here for their Wednesday 1/2 off food night with friend and fellow Yelper, Penny K.. I actually ordered the same thing tonight that I had back before the close and I have to say the food is still great!  I didn't really notice any drastic changes and they have same specials during the week as did before. I think their menu might have a slightly different format, but other than that, still same-o.I think my Portabella fries came out super hotter than the last time since this time I burned my tongue. Doh! But it was worth it.For my beers I had the Franconia Dunkel and Schneider Wiess. Excellent stuff!
<review# 1808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2009,10/20/2009,140,90,26,15,17>A few facts** about The Taco Joint that you might not know:1. Eating their heavenly Tuesday brisket tacos makes you more attractive to your peers and is said to marginally increase your intelligence.2. The jalapeno ranch sauce contains the tears that God shed upon arriving too late to order lunch at TJ one day.3. Combining their rice, beans and various salsas creates a potent mixture of deliciousness guaranteed to improve your outlook on life4. There are few things in this world that TJ tacos and a soda on crunchy ice cannot fix.  The things that can't be solved by double corn tortilla lovin' aren't worth wasting your time on anyway.5. TJ employees all have photographic memories and have been collectively nominated as Time magazine's "people of the year" , but declined because they're just modest like that.**NOTE: the above statements were not approved by The Taco Joint, its owners, employees, friends, lovers, Time magazine, the FDA, God etc. and have not been verified as factual in any way, shape or form.  But trust me, I'm pretty sure they're all mostly true.
<review# 1809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,10/19/2009,259,232,21,23,19>Well, I've found the Holy Grail of Soul Food. There might as well have been a bright light from heaven beaming down upon this Mecca of Southern Cooking, because it sure as hell was a religious experience. Too many religious metaphors in one sentence? Well, yes. But how else to describe my hour of food joy?First things first. Location. Off 67 South on Marvin D. Love Freeway (could that address BE any better?!!) A bit of a drive, but well worth it. It looks like it used to be a Chili's, as there is lots of hunter green paint and shelves on the wall to hold knickknacks. The Price Family (who've owned it since 1998) did some serious redecorating. There are glass chandaliers everywhere and "fancy" upholstered furniture. I imagine Sunday afternoon after church...this is the place to BE.Funnily enough, Saturday at about 5:30 pm the place was pretty quiet. Fine with me. I needed time to drool over the cafeteria serving style of meats and sides. The best thing about South Dallas Cafe? The variety and hard-to-find-honest-to-god-soul-food dishes. They offer Ox Tails. They offer Neck Bones. They offer CHITTERLINGS!! This is the real deal, my friends. Before you have your sights set on some Chitterlings, check their menu online. It changes daily. The lunch and dinner specials during the week are a great deal: $4.99 and $7.99, respectively.However, it was Saturday night and there was some live saxophone playing. Honestly, live music in restaurants make me nervous because I feel like I have to clap awkwardly and tip. So I sat far away form that. For $10.99 I ordered the fried pork chop and three sides. It took me a good ten minutes to decide. Luckily, the ladies were sweet and told me about every dish. There isn't a bad thing on the menu. Just go with your inner Fatty and you can't go wrong.I might do just a "sides" dish next time because they were so outstanding.Okra and tomatoes: a lovely cooked dish with corn and spices. "Healthy."Collard greens: YUM! Cooked with smoked turkey, just how I like it. I could have eaten a gallon of greens. And I know my greens.Sweet potato casserole: Holy shit. Only do this if you are a sugar addict and can handle the extreme brown sugar/marshmallow/butter concoction going on here. It tasted like a melted praline. Like crack but better for you.Oh, and all dishes come with "hot water cornbread." HOT WATER CORNBREAD?!! Do you know how awesome that is? Really, really awesome.My fried pork chop was good, but it did need a gravy or something juicy on top of it. Next time I'll stick with my classic fried chicken. I tried my dining companion's Ox Tails as well. (Which drew a comment of, "Whatchoo know 'bout Ox Tails?!) It's definitely a different dish, full of vertebrae bone and sauce. You want it over rice.To finish. Dessert. Bread pudding, peach cobbler, buttermilk pie (sex on a plate) Sock-it-to-me cake (more sex) and more. Most of them come pre-cut on a styrofoam plate wrapped up in plastic. So even if you're full now, it's ready to come home with you. I bet you can guess what I did. (Later that night, the buttermilk pie and I had a date.)Other highlights: RC and Kool-Aid on tap. Sweet tea. Sweet people. A refreshing trip out of the city. And an inability to put your pants on the  next day. Amen.I end with a quote from their website: "Enjoy the Rolls Royce of Home Style Cooking." I couldn't have said it better myself.
<review# 1810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2009,10/18/2009,273,298,14,9,8>Usually when I think of Chinese buffets, I think of cold, nasty food that is all dried out. I think of balding ladies that are overflowing off the edges of their seat stuffing their face with crab legs and shrimp. While this buffet did not dispel all of those thoughts, it did have some pretty damn good food. N.N.B. changes out the food often. Its not hard to catch something when it is steaming hot. I tried the orange chicken, orange beef, jalapeno chicken, teriyaki chicken, veggie low mien, rice, and spring rolls. The orange chicken was awesome! The orange beef was so orangy it made me feel like my eyeballs were going to pop out of their sockets. Some of the food was pretty dried out. But, if you notice a dish is looking really dry, just wait a few minutes and they'll replace it with a fresh batch. The spring rolls are excellent. I liked the lemon dipping sauce. Dessert was usual for a Chinese buffet. Frozen Yogurt, dried out cookies, frozen pastries, fruit, pudding. There was a large seafood bar but as I've previously mentioned, I don't care for it. If you are a seafood eater, you will definitely get your money's worth here. I am kind of a buffet owners dream because I don't really eat a lot in one sitting and I don't pig out on expensive crab legs. Two buffets and two drinks were about $24 at dinner time. The restaurant was busy but it wasn't slammed. Service was attentive. The place was clean. The sign in the front boasts their "acceptable prices" and I'd say that's about right. Overall, I'd say this is the best Chinese buffet I've had in DFW. I would eat here all the time if I could put away more food at once. The thing I don't like about buffets still plagued me here. Plenty of obese people breathing hard in between giant plates of crab legs. People unbuttoning their pants and leaning way back in their chairs because they've broken the one rule that a human should probably never break. Just because you are at an "all you can eat" buffet, doesn't necessarily mean you should eat all that you can eat. So don't eat all day or call your stoner friends and head up to New New Buffet. Pig out and unbutton your pants. I recommend it.
<review# 1811,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2009,10/17/2009,125,194,22,8,7>Red red wine you make feel so fine! We discovered this place when it first opened and it has quickly become a favorite. The owner, Brooks, is amazing. He is so friendly and he even let us host a fundraiser here for my team when we did the 3day walk for Breast cancer. We made a good amount of money too!Everyone loved the cozy atmosphere, there are TONS of wines to choose from, chocolates, cheeses, and other local Texas made treats. They will even let you bring in sushi from Sushi Axiom next door.This place is less stuffy then your average wine bar and they have some truly unique wines too. I found the best wine I have ever had, it tasted like fruit roll ups. After 2 bottles, I forgot the name of the wine, the name of myself, and where I parked my car ( which is good, I should not have been driving). Shut up, you can't tell me what to do!2 thumbs up! Or is it 4? I don't know, I'm drunk. You're pretty.
<review# 1812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2009,10/16/2009,105,33,10,10,10>I love Sushi World...Since when did enjoying sushi become about chique yuppiness hmmm?Let the food and the service speak for itself and all the rest wall fall into place.  This seems to be ethos of our gracious host, so obviously proud of his art, and his establishment.  I felt like Shallow Hal for not asking him his name so respectfully and affectionately I shall name him Sushi san.We were greeted warmly by the serving staff, and found a curiousity on our table that waited. A colour sushi book penned by Sushi San himself.  The book was very well illustrated and it was a struggle to not lick the pages. clearly an indication of Sushi sans passion.I ordered the a combo plate - normally sufficient for two. As I was deciding my pleasant waitress had telepathically sense my bend towards gluttony and leaned over to say "You can do it!"As our food was being prepared Sushi San, entertained us with Miyagi-esque explanations of the menu.   As we were a large group, he also graciously provided some free sample plates - erm - that right free! These were sushi rolls of Sushi sans own creation. And provided a suitable deflowering of one of the sushi virgins amongst our ranks.One of Sushi sans specialities was the roll he like to call - "The volcano" - it was wonderfully seafoody with shrimp and other tasty morsels  hidden within, with a creamy sauce, and light spingling or unobtrusive dried fish shavings. The Pièce de résistance was when he took to that puppy with a blow torch, given the dish a lightly scorched finish.My sashimi and sushi combo came a little late, as other were being served.  The waitress skillfully came over to inform me they were running behind and mine would be ready in jiffy...and it was:-) both items were very well prepared, skilfully knifed, fresh, and served at refreshing cool temperature.Sushi san entertained with his newly imported Asian Karaoke machine again with Miyagi-esque flair. Naturally we were encouraged to join in - we obliged.Usefulness: This is non stuffy, very relaxed home of quality service and sushi. It might not qualify as the kechi (sp?) yupsters sushi joint, and it would be a disappointment had Sushi san tried. It is a great venue for a relaxing group dinner. Other couple in the restaurant seemed to be enjoying each others company as they quietly dined.Be aware that is it BYOB, so if you would like saki or Beer bring it with.  (There is also a liqour within walking around the corner)The perfect venue for communing with friends over Sushi at a fair price too.Sushi San - Domo arigatou gozaimasu!
<review# 1813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2009,10/15/2009,290,376,5,20,15>Yelp, please give me the option of a 10 or 20 star review. This place sincerely deserves it. Yes, I have reviewed this establishment before, but tonight's experience blew me completely away. I never thought it could get any better than past visits, but this one is off the charts. We dined there last year for the same occasion (previous review) and it was outstanding. But, listen to this happening event. I made reservations several days ago for my Niece's birthday celebration, for tonight, Tuesday. Zee called me last night at home to reconfirm my reservations for tonight, double checking her name, etc. and that I wanted a special dessert served. He even remembered our visit last year as I had told him at the time she had recently graduated from the Dallas Police Academy.  Remarkable memory! We arrived this evening, and Jesus', our greeter (and then server) took us to a special table by the window, overlooking the beautiful patio and Bachman Lake. Upon seating, we both were astonished to see a special menu at our place setting; It read "HAPPY BIRTHDAY (personalized with her name) and then listed the menu highlights of the evening, and again at the bottom, lovely colorful flowers with another "Happy Birthday" (with her name), "from your Host, Zee Bugatti". We were momentarily speechless. My Niece was simply overwhelmed. Jesus' wished her a happy birthday, and took our drink orders; of course, what else, but a lovely Pinot Noir. It was smooth and just plain delicious. We lingered over the wine for a while before ordering from our "especially printed menu". We both kept picking up the menu reading it, just amazed at this special touch. We started with their infamous cream of mushroom soup. OMG, to die for. A bowl of this would be a meal for me with the wonderful Garlic Bread; crispy on the outside, soft and moist on the inside and oh so tasty. Then followed the Salmon with dill cream sauce, served with a small side of Penne with a chunky, spicy marinara sauce and sauteed veges. Some of the best Salmon I've ever enjoyed; the dill sauce was a perfect compliment, just enough, not too much. Squash, zucchini, carrots and broccoli were al dente, and flavored with herbs and butter. Our table talk at that time became silenced as we both inhaled our entree. YUM, and most heavy contented sigh. It's a birthday celebration, right? So, we splurged on the calories and both ordered the creme brulee; oh my, so creamy, so rich, crunchy on top, (burned to perfection), served with strawberries and in a light, buttery crust. Wish I could have eaten it all. My Niece's dessert was served with a candle on top, and Jesus' insisted she make a wish before blowing it out. He also told her it was Bugatti tradition that she stand and sing a song in celebration. Wide eyed, she laughingly declined, and he admitted that although it was a joke, other patrons had actually stood and sang. Hilarious !! Could anything get better? Yes....Zee came by the table at the end of dessert, extended personal birthday wishes, and thanked her for her service as a Dallas Police Officer, ending with "God Bless You". Okay, tears welling up at this point. My Niece is beaming and saying "Thank You Auntie". Then, Jesus' appears with a complimentary glass of Port to end our evening. What a special touch. We lingered a few minutes more. Could anyone question why this restaurant has been around more than 25 years? It is certainly not only the quality of the food, but the so very personal attention given all their guests, whether they visit once a month or once a year. Zee has remembered me each time I visit, if only once every 4-5 months. This is a special occasion restaurant for sure. It's to be savored for those moments to remember and celebrate. Take your special one here for whatever special time; it will not be forgotten, and will be an experience talked about for ages.
<review# 1814,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2009,10/14/2009,147,117,23,16,15>Number of open parking spaces Saturday afternoon- 1Number of bikers- too many to countNumber of 60 year biker chick thongs that have blurred my vision for life and possibly have scared me away from tiny underwear- 1(vomit)Number of times any of the middle aged car hops smiled- 0Number of satisfied, beer drinking in your truck good ole boys that gave me an air cheers from across the way- 6On a scale of 1 to 10, how awesome was my number 5, double meat cheeseburger topped with special sauce and all the fixins, with some crispy fries riding shotgun- Mine goes to 11
<review# 1815,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/19/2009,10/13/2009,281,210,11,12,12>City Tavern, what can I say?Pros:1. They serve food until 2, including mac & cheese and grilled cheese2. Nice 2 story bar3. Really friendly bartenders who don't give me a hard time for ordering water. =)4. Reasonably priced, especially since the drinks are STRONG5. Fun photo hunt computer game at bar6. Lots of comfortable seating7. Interesting drunk people getting into silly arguments, crying, or negotiating a breakup. Very entertaining.Cons:1. Hard to find free parking. Apparently, there's free valet by Plush if you can find an attendant2. Downtown is confusing- which may just be a problem for me because I have high driving anxiety. But I probably won't come back unless someone else is driving or I get bribed with an alluring offer for free drinks and food3. The bar food doesn't compare to the Idle Rich Pub or the Old Monk. The only plus is that is served all night, which has lured me before!
<review# 1816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2008,10/12/2009,193,345,6,10,8>I'm reviewing Cosmo's because I owe it to them for all the years of taking them for granted.  I first came to Cosmo's several years ago before I lived in Lakewood, when Lakewood was like the Burmuda Triangle that people disappeared into and no matter how many mapquests I did I could never find them again.  (Where the F is Llano?? I know it exists, I have been there!!!) Anyhow, I liked Cosmo's that night, thought it was a funky little club that no one knew about, and I felt like I had discovered something.  But for some reason, after moving to Lakewood and becoming one of the cool people who can navigate this neighborhood in my sleep, laughing at my friends who say, "how can you live in Lakewood, I get lost every time I try to go near there!"  I took it for granted.  It became a place that you walk to when friends come over for a laid back night, but not a place that you go "out."  Everyone raves about cosmo's and my reaction is, Yawn.  Yeah, yeah, it's cool that I can walk home from the bar, but it's nothing to write home about.  This weekend I changed my opinion.  We had a bunch of people over for a low key night on Friday, no one was dressed to go out and no one had plans to pay a cover or high priced drinks, but eventually had enough of drinking, chatting, smoking cigarettes and playing quarters.  What to do? Walk to Cosmo's! We actually went to Lakewood Landing first, to grab a burger, but eventually landed at Cosmo's where we grabbed seats at the bar as opposed to a table which is the usual MO.  We got lucky and came in before it got so crowded that you need a knife to cut a hole in the smoke curtain to get in.  What I liked:Miss PacManGreat BartendersFatal Attraction was on TV (how random is that!) MJ on the jukeboxWhat I didnt: only one bathroom stallsmoke curtainOverall, going to Cosmo's Friday night reminded me to not take my neighborhood gem for granted.  I will be back!
<review# 1817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2009,10/10/2009,213,158,19,18,17>If you know me, you know I've had quite the battle with the porcelain veneers I had put on almost 2 years ago. Well...here we are again...after I bit into the tortilla chip from hell, and ...pop goes the veneer. This time...swallowed....sucker is GONE. Looking for a place in Dallas where I could at least get a temporary put back on quickly, and that won't break the wallet....was a task....and here I am looking like Hillbilly Leigh, the toothless wonder. Awesome. Then...I get a tip from a friend about this place called FLOSS in uptown...and I immediately remembered seeing that office, it being in the middle of an area I frequent. I wont lie, I assumed its location would mean it was gonna be priiiiiicey....but was willing to check it out.Their website is pretty sweet...I see there's an email where I can inquire the cost and time range of getting the temp put on. Within 10 minute of writing them, I get a response answering all my questions and saying they could fit me in THAT AFTERNOON. Thanks, Sami!Check. Sold. You win....sign me up.This place exceeded all expectations I had. Upon walking in, I'm greeted by Brittany the Office manager, and already feel all those normal "EEK! the dentist office!" fears wash away. This felt more like going to get my hair done :) Brittany got my info, and offered me a drink from their "Beverage List"....(this is where I get a little excited)...it included all the norms: water, sodas of all kinds.....what is that I see? Beer???? and WINE??? WHERE AM I?!??! I almost hugged her. ha......BUT, alas, I was still thinking I would be making it back to work that day, so I chose water. But man...color me impressed.The office was very inviting, yet still very sleek and modern. ALL the employees there that I met talked to you like they've known you forever...you were one of them...all young and friendly, I half expected to be invited to a happy hour after work! After I sit....the nicest, coolest and sweetest RDA came to assist me, get me prepped, and talk to me about whats going on with these stubborn veneers! I want to say her name was Karen, and I HATE that I can't totally remember, cause without her, that experience wouldn't have been near as easy as it was. Even when we realized I was gonna be there for a while....and this was probably not gonna be QUITE as pleasant as I had hoped, she subtly offered me that beer..... and this time, I took her up on it. Next thing I know, a cold Miller Lite in a bottle was sitting in front of me. God bless these people. Even when I got my shot...that being my worst fear (needles)...she grabbed my hand and squeezed it.....she has no idea how much that helped...even though I think I told her...I was drugged up, people...My dental expert for the day was Dr. Mandie Boothe. Fella's....get in line for this lady...she's single, smart, successful.....and haaaawt!!!! For most of the time I was in teh chair with these two lovely ladies working on my mouth, we all talked about how everyone tries to match her up with fellas, we talked about all the losers and all the keepers (Hi, Uno *wink), I was sitting in the DENTIST CHAIR...face going numb...and laughing hysterically at these girls. Seriously...what planet was I on. Isnt the dentist supposed to be scary, boring and painful? Well, Dallas....not here. Here I was among friends....friends that just happened to be successful and talented dentists and dental assistants....wanting to figure how to fix me up and make my smile the best it could be :) They made a believer out of me...and I recommend them to any and everyone. Go get your grill fixed people...it's FUN now! *wink.....oh, and pass me my beer, would ya?
<review# 1818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2009,10/9/2009,36,356,2,8,11>Finally!  Oddly enough, especially since we're in Texas and all, it always seemed to me that there was a real void for a high-end barbeque experience in Dallas.  And by high-end, I don't mean barbeque foie gras or anything bizarre, just a step or two above a hole in the wall.  Well, would-be barbeque restaurateurs had better look elsewhere, because Smoke is in town, and the Dallas barbeque scene will never be the same.Now, some purists may say that the best barbeque only comes from the backs of trucks or in abandoned country churches, and that may be true.  But if Smoke has nice tables and a great bar selection, it's still making barbeque in that same proud tradition.  Smoke does everything from scratch using local ingredients, and hardwood smokes everything the right way.  I loved the hot links, and the pulled pork, done North Carolina style, was on par with some of the best I've had back home in NC.  The sides were classic barbeque fare, e.g., potato salad, and were also done well.  I'd give Smoke 4.5 stars, but since it's brand new and I'm an optimist, I'll go with 5--I think this is the start of something special.
<review# 1819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2009,10/8/2009,100,86,10,13,12>Long weekend, scorching heat, in-laws in town.  What's a girl to do besides ask God for an extra dose of patience?  Head to Village Burger Bar with the family and hope the good food is enough to get everyone to Monday without snapping.  The chicken panini, sweet potato fries and great people watching scene are enough to help you zone out for a short while and reclaim some measure of sanity.  The hubster had the cheeseburger and said it was one of the best burgers he'd had (that's high praise from a man who sheds a tear everytime he thinks of having left his beloved In-N-Out back in California).  Get the basily mayo to dip your fries in.  It's as close as you'll get to feeling European while livin' in Texas.  The food is so good, the inlaws almost forgot that we haven't given them any grandbabies yet.  Almost...
<review# 1820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2009,10/7/2009,621,968,16,15,16>It is absolute blasphemy that no one has written a review of Addison's annual Oktoberfest celebration since it is one of my favorite events of the year.  And since there are always questions on the talk threads about what this and that festival are like, I thought I'd share my method of making Oktoberfest extra festive for you!!-Get money out before you go!  Mainly because it costs $5 to get in, but also because you have to buy beer/food tickets.  There are ATMs there, but the lines get long fast and they also run out of money later in the evening.  Plan ahead.-Once you get inside, get your food/drink tickets.  Buy a few more than you think you will need...you will normally use them.  However, if you don't use them SAVE them somewhere you can remember because they take drink tickets from previous years!!  I have $20 worth currently that will be spent this weekend!-Next buy a beer stein if you don't have one (unless you are in dire need of plastic cups). They are 12 coupons and refills are 5 coupons each.  I have calculated the cost and if you drink more than 4 or 5 beers you will be saving money by buying the stein and then having it refilled since it holds more beer.  Also keep in mind that you can bring PREVIOUS YEAR'S STEINS back with you and not have to ever buy one again.  BARGAIN!  However, if you like stacking your cups up in a huge pile (I'm looking at you Joe F) then stick with the plastic cups!-At this point I generally head to the big beer tent in the back of the park called the Schloss Addison tent.  Walk to the right and toward the back and you will see the enormous tent.  This is where you want to be.  Rows and rows of picnic tables - just find a spot and park it.  Bonus is that you get to make new friends!  Food and beer are in the back of the tent so take your tickets up and get your beer.  Enjoy the bands, do the chicken dance, take a hot lady out for a twirl on the dance floor, sing along to German songs, yell PROST! 100 times an hour, get tipsy, make friends, and repeat over and over until they kick you out at midnight!!-The food is German, although it is no Bavarian Grill or anything.  Pretzels with mustard, bratwurst, sauerkraut, turkey legs - they have it and you will really need to eat it if you follow my "at least 5 beers" method.-Bathrooms are tricky.  There's a line of portopotties very near the beer tent.  Or you can walk out, go to your left through the booths, and you will come to some of those trailer bathrooms...like a real bathroom.  Put some TP in your purse ladies and save for later because they will eventually run out.-Keep in mind that anyone can come here...if you have kiddos they will love it.  They have carnival rides, booths with things they can beg you to buy them, even an entire kiddo tent.  They also have various shows (weenie dog show anyone?) that everyone loves.  Luckily the kiddos go home around 9pm so that I don't have to watch my mouth all night!!-In case I need to reiterate it, the beer tent is the place to be!  You are guaranteed to make new friends if you just keep an eye out for the party people in the house (I'm still looking at you Joe F).  If you are like me you may also be able to sweet talk a concessions worker out of a huge beer mug shaped hat, run into ex-boyfriends, or be solicited by guys who say they will drive you home in their Corvette.  It is all part of the fun!So get your beer stein, your turkey leg, and I'll see ya there!  PROST!
<review# 1821,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2009,10/6/2009,82,125,10,14,11>Due to all the flagging and "talk" hype threads I actually went here for a hair cut.  It's an old school barber shop, not some pussified salon. Troy and Ashley are real people and nice people at that.  I used to go to Tony and Guy for a fifty to eighty dollar cut depending on what level the "stylist" had graduated to, from the Tony and Guy School.  What a jip.  Then I found a place, where for forty eight dollars you get tits in the face during the scalp massage (frigging hair wash) and a crap cut.Now, I'll wash my own hair, make a phone call, and get it cut for 25 bucks, from a straight up barber.  Oh, and if you're pissed off cuz you have a shit job and have to squeeze in a cut on your lunch break... Maybe Troy will let you take a couple swings at his punching bag, that's hangin right there in the shop.This is a mans place, although they do do women (that's what she said).  One of the best cuts I've had. (period)I'll be back.  Services below:$25  Full Haircut 25-30 minutes $15+ Kids Haircut 20 minutes $35 Hair Cut/Shampoo 40-45 minutes   $35  Razor Shave 30-40 minutes $30  Razor Head Shave 25-30 minutes $15  Clipper Beard Trim  15 minutes $5  Moustache Trim   $15  Eyebrow Detail     $20 Dandruff Treatment   $35 Chemical Relaxer 40-45 minutes $35+ Hair Color 35-40 minutes Free Personal/Consultation   $5  shoe shine     additional charges may apply for long hair prices subject to change
<review# 1822,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/31/2009,10/5/2009,207,393,8,9,6>"Free Beer and Saki at Dinner." I work in Las Colinas, and for sushi, my work team typically goes to Midori. We decided to stray and I'm glad we did. Comparing apples to apples, Awaji is a better sushi buffet than Midori, with probably three times the selection. For comparison, it's more like Tokyo One in Addison. Would I go here for just the sushi? Not so much. But for buffett sushi, it's passable. And apparently for their dinner buffet ($26.99) you get free beer and saki. I'm imagining eating about a pound of raw fish and a gallon or two of beer. Could be great. Could be disastrous.
<review# 1823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2009,10/4/2009,895,667,10,12,16>Hmm, I thought I had written a review for my neighborhood liquor store already.  I lurv this place full on!  The staff is always nice, and they will not hesitate to help you take your purchases to your car for you.  This place can get pretty hopping on the weekends, especially Friday evenings, so you may have to wait a minute or two for a parking spot, but that's only happened a few times for me.  The prices are very reasonable, and they have everything you can imagine.  From bottled water to sake to jumper cables to cat food to lottery tickets.  A lot of weekends there will be people from different liquor/beer companies giving samples of their new products.  Score!This past weekend I ran into some of the employees from Spirit's at St. Pete's.  They were having lunch.  I recognized their shirts and told them they work for my favorite store.  They finished up lunch and after they headed out the bartender told me they bought one of my beers for being a patron of Spirits.  You can't get nicer than that.
<review# 1824,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/13/2009,10/3/2009,322,339,28,16,16>Worst tramp stamp I've ever seen in my life was beheld by my eyes this past Saturday night. Some bitch knocked a glass from the railing onto the seat underneath - that I happened to be sitting in. Thankfully it was empty. She then turned around and glared at me, snarled - literally - and turned back around. So my friend (who is all of 100 pounds of pure fury) called her a bitch. The bitch turned around again to try and say something, but when she saw we weren't paying attention she wisely kept her trap shut and turned back around. She looked like a burned out stripper and was trying to wear a little hoochie top that revealed her tramp stamp - which was the Budweiser Select Crown. Really? She may as well as had a tattoo that said "W T". Bartenders are quick to get you a drink, but mixed drinks here are over-priced and in small glasses. The patio is big and also has a bar. The music is 90's rap and more recent crap; I heard Vanilla Ice, 2 Live Crew's "Hoochie Mama", Digital Underground, Fergie, and three Michael Jackson songs. The people watching is pretty good; we counted about 6 Ed Hardy shirts that actually said "Ed Hardy", and people actually tried to dance like MJ when "Thriller" came on. Aside from that, drunk bitches will knock a glass onto you and then act like it's your fault.If I do go back to Zephyr's I will be prepared to knock a bitch out and flay her god-awful tramp stamp. "The bitch is full of DRAMA!!Hoochie hoodrat is a hoe like her momma![Chorus]She ain't nothin' but a hoochie mama!(Hoodrat, hoodrat, hoochie mama!)Yeah, she ain't nothin' but a hoochie mama!(Hoodrat, hoodrat, hoochie mama!) "- 2 Live Crew
<review# 1825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,10/2/2009,199,275,5,7,5>In this edition of Cristy's Boycott on Starbuck's....I found it! I read about Pearl Cup and had no clue it was um...a block from one of the clinics I work at. Today, rainy and icky, was the perfect day.I took advice from a review and tried the red velvet cookie.FB status read: "Eating a red velvet cookie and life is suddenly okay."Sometimes, bliss comes in small sugary cookies. That said...if you don't like obscene amounts of sugar such as globs of whipped cream cheese frosting, don't order that cookie. Pearl Latte was so prettypretty; I almost didn't drink it.Tastewise, it got better once I got past the foam. Ambiance was hipster heaven but you know with a Dallas twist- Urban Outiftted with shining customized Macs. Yeah, I saw that scarf too! I had actually been down that way on Henderson, seeing as I'm confined to working in the ghettos and such. What a shock, I think I'm due for a new apartment soon! Seriously, The Pearl Cup- love the indieness, love EVEN MORE that it's not Starbuck's. Love the product! Parking wasn't too bad for time of day but I could see how it gets crowded and man, oh man, they have to get a sign! I could only tell where it was by the old man hats, facial hair, crocheted sweaters, and cigarettes! I'm not complaining, though - I love a good latte on a rainy day. :sigh:
<review# 1826,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/28/2009,10/1/2009,31,65,4,6,7>This is a low-key, convenient, centrally located bar. I work at the nearby hospital and enjoy its proximity when in need of a quick drink after a long day. Many of my fellow nurses/doctors/hospital workers also have the same idea, which is sometimes not what i have in mind after a stressful day. Meh, its not problematic enough to deter me from returning!The drinks are a little pricey. The pizza is excellent. The inside is pretty spacious- I generally don't have a problem finding a seat even when they're crowded. It's not too bright and typically not too loud, which are pluses for me. It's ALWAYS very smoky in there, you will leave smelling like the butt of everyone's cigarettes. Again, not a big enough issue to stop me from returning, but I do find it a bit yucky.
<review# 1827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2009,9/30/2009,139,83,11,8,5>Let me just start by saying we tried to go to Houston's first, but the hostess gave me this sorta snooty look when I asked her how long the wait was.  She kinda pinched her features into a stink-eye face and said, "The wait is 80 minutes... yeah..."  80 minutes huh?  Maybe you should have just said 4,800 seconds and made the wait seem even longer!  Well fear not, hostess, we will not bother your with our annoying patronage!  We will take it to Sevy's instead.My wife has been trying to get me to go to Sevy's for the longest time, but I every time we get to that part of town I always defer to Houston's at the last minute.  This time it seemed that we didn't have a choice.  The look of Sevy's is very elegant and low lit -- I dug it.  We were seated immediately which was GREAT because we were starving and Houston's just didn't want to feed us.  Our waitress was a trip.  She had this like "I'm gonna be on it tonight" attitude mixed with a "SHIT, don't fuck anything up, Shirley!" sort of vibe  (she looked like a Shirley... probably was not her real name).  By that I mean she came over and like made really strong direct eye contact with everybody and asked what they wanted to drink and eat but then immediately looked at all of her other tables as we gave her our answers -- over our heads, to the sides, behind her...  then, as we slowly rattled off our selections, she would cut us off like,"I'll like to try that special you mentioned ea-"The Special?  Great got it -- how would you like that cooked?""Medium --""Medium?  Sure thing.""-- rare.""Medium rare?  OK."All the while her eyes were darting EVERYWHERE.  Then she'd immediately disappear.  My wife didn't even notice she'd left and still had her nose buried in the menu.  She said,"You know... on second thought I think that --""Baby, she left.""Oh."When we had our waitress's full attention she seemed to do just fine for the rest of the meal.  We had the appetizer sampler to start, which was delicious.  Crab cakes, portabellos and calamari -- all wonderful.  I had the prime rib with mashed potatoes and a side of red wine mushrooms.  All my food was excellent, but I have to admit that Houston's prime rib was better.  I think I'll try one of their house specialties instead of their specials next time.  Their red wine mushrooms were very flavorful and rich -- I'll be getting more of them on the next visit too.I had a good time at Sevy's and will definitely have to try it again -- but only if Houston's has a long wait.
<review# 1828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,9/29/2009,60,212,3,6,5>I've been on a sushi kick lately so I booked it back over to Zenna's since they're one of the few sushi joints actually open during the day!  C'mon people.  Some folks want that sushi goodness in the afternoon!In any case, here's the lowdown on what we ordered:1 LA roll - mmmmmmmmm to infinity and beyond (though Sushi Rock and Teppo do it better)1 spicy tuna roll - you just can't go wrong there1 shrimp tempura roll - tasty but Teppo still holds my heart1 crunchy roll - it was okay to try, but it wasn't worth the $10.75And the extra goodness you get for going to Zenna during the day: Coconut soup on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays.  Whew, had I known about the soup before we ordered, I would have asked for a pot of that stuff.  It was scrumptiliumptious!  I'll definitely be back on another Saturday for lunch ;)Oh yeah, and their waitstaff still takes their sweet time so if you're absolutely starving, hit the Mickey-Ds, otherwise you're gonna be unhappy.
<review# 1829,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,9/28/2009,18,56,4,12,7>My friend and I are doing the "who knows the better hole-in-the-wall-sushi-place".  I took him to Simon's Sushi in Plano.  I've had expensive and I've had cheap, but I though it would be hard to beat Simon's.  The biggest downside was always the drive to Plano.Move over Simon, hello to Masami.  Like most people the first thing I notice about a sushi place is the smell... or the absence thereof.  I don't want to smell anything when I walk in the place.  I especially don't want to smell fish.  When you start mucking around in the h-i-t-w sushi places, smells can abound.  Not so much at Masami.  Once the food came I could tell I was going to be full.  We had ordered a lot of food.  The sushi struck me as very, very fresh.  The rolls consisted of large chunks of meat, actual whole pieces in the roll.  The rolls held together well as I dunked them in my wasabi-soy sauce concoction.  Usually my dipping cup looks like some sort of dark rice soup.  At Masami there was nary a kernel.  I ate the Jalapeno, Spicy Tuna, Tuna, and Avocado.  All outstanding.  If you can find the place (it's tucked back into the western most corner of the shopping center at the SW corner of Belt Line and 75.  It faces Belt Line) you're in for a treat.
<review# 1830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2009,9/27/2009,185,175,9,12,13>Someone has to get the word out about this place and I'll try not to repeat anything from the other reviewer, but for anyone who takes offense at Italian from Olive Garden or Macaroni Grill or takes pride in single-location restaurants with high quality food that marks a special occasion, Bruno's is a can't miss.The first trip I took here was over 8 years ago - my brother knew about this place from a friend of a friend and brought our grandparents here as part of a graduation celebration.  Also to note that these ancestors are Italians, each that came to the US very young and know their way around the kitchen.  They were very complimentary to the wait staff and management about the food, although that may be less noteworthy than the collection of autographed celebrity photos (mostly Cowboys legends) up on the wall at that time.  About 18 months ago on my most recent visit I could tell that it was mostly unchanged.  They had brought down the portion sizes a little but restaurants generally prefer that to serving huge entrees and handing out doggie bags pretty often.Warm bread and butter is the first thing to hit the table.  Mozzarella Caprese "salad" was next.  This was well done, thick slices of fresh mozzarella and tomato with a few glugs of olive oil - It almost makes you wonder why anyone would eat lettuce.  I also sampled the shrimp scampi - if you like garlic and shrimp a lot, you will love this.  For the main course it was the Saltimbocca:  veal, ham, spinach, mozzarella in a wine-based sauce.  If you aren't a fan of veal you will be if you try this, and it's proof that Italian does not have to have tomato or alfredo sauce to be good.  The grilled salmon is another example of this, served in a simple white wine sauce and not a dry flake in the house.  It's tragic to think that people know less about this Valley Ranch treasure than Carino's cuz of the giant sign on 635.By the way - since it is pretty upscale, the recommended attire here is business casual and it's nonsmoking.  Enjoy.
<review# 1831,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2009,9/26/2009,160,643,8,7,7>I wasn't going to post about this place and let it be a secret. Sadly some of my fellow yelpers spilled the beans. 10 acres of cultivated park, its one of my favorite places to go after a long stressful day of teaching the 10th grade. I like to put a quarter in the fish food machine followed by another 25 cents and march to the koi pond to feed "my" fishies. Be sure to throw a few pieces at the same time so the biggest fish, Meanie, doesn't hog all the food. He's a bully that one although I love him anyways. If you want to have some real fun, throw in a whole stale tortilla and watch the fish cage match. Next door is a nice playground if you have small tykes.
<review# 1832,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/30/2008,9/25/2009,308,111,11,11,6>Have been meaning to make it here since they moved to this new location several months back. I finally had an opportunity today w/ my Dad coming into town.I think I would have given them 4 stars, but unfortunately we arrived for a late lunch at around 2:15 on a Tuesday. Walked in and the place was pretty empty--maybe a couple of tables with eaters.Anyhow, one of the things I really hate is when you walk in and there is no obvious instruction as to whether you wait to be seated or seat yourself. You look like morons just standing up there while employees ignore you (a la Cafe Brazil), which is what happened here today. So I've got a bad impression already.Finally some dude looks at us and mumbles something. Huh? We don't know if you said "seat yourself" or "no matter what, DON'T seat yourself". So we continue to stand like idiots. A second dude comes up and seems sort of lost. He looks past us and mumbled "thepa-tut  thepa-thepa-tut thepa-tut thepa thepa ..." and trails off. No clue, man. What the hell did you say?Then some dude that seems slightly less lost mumbles something about sort of being closed and sort of not, mentioned a possible discount for a "late lunch" and punched some things in to the cash register. Okay, so you apparently pay before you are seated. He said we could only do the buffet, and that cost about $12/person. I guess no discount? Whatever. How many drinks?! he wants to know. Huh? Uh, 2 I guess. I always get water, but he wasn't asking for our drink order--just how many drinks. So I got charged for a soda. Pissed off, I was."Thepa-tut thepa-tut thepa-da-thepa-da-thepa-da" some other dude mumbles and we guess that we should follow him. He leads us to a table and disappears. So do we just go to the buffet? Hell--why not? So we go.Because of the late hour, the buffet had been picked over and many dishes were dry or had skin on the top. This I will not dock the restaurant on stars because we were admittedly there after they supposedly closed.So the food--it was surprisingly good! Good gyro meat, nice eggplant dish, really good baba ganoush and hummus, great cucumber/gyro sauce. They didn't bring us any pita, though. I looked and looked for it. Finally I saw some dude bring out a plate of it for another table that was just being seated. I think they're supposed to automatically bring it when they seat you since it wasn't available for self-serve, so that's another point deducted, a-holes.We requested said pita and it was brought hot and fresh and finally I had something with which to eat most of the food on my plate. You can't just put a big spoonful of baba ganoush in your mouth. *hurl*All in all, the food was really pretty good. Maybe if I went there during better hours, the service would be better. On this visit, however, it S-U-C-K-E-D.
<review# 1833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2008,9/24/2009,126,176,10,9,10>Jen C. does NOT lie, my friends.  The 16 oz pork chop is literally the best in the world....no, in the UNIVERSE.  I can't wait to eat the leftovers for lunch, and then dinner cause that's how huge it is.  The cigar-shaped chocolate truffle, however, was 'eh.'  I found it dry, and as for the dark brown cigar shape....I walk dogs and handle poopie on an almost-daily basis.  Putting anything brown and cylindrical in my mouth, chocolate truffle or no, is neigh impossible without thinking of doggie bags, and not the leftover kind.    (Nickie and bald Chris, I KNOW what other brown phallic things you're thinking of...perverts)
<review# 1834,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2009,9/23/2009,188,256,6,9,11>Screw the jukebox, screw the smoke, screw the drinks even.  Let's get down to what is most important- The Food.  Seems nowadays, everyone wants to be the dive-iest dive in town, and for some reason this is always supposed to equal good food.  I couldn't care less if my food came on a trash-can lid or a 17th century 24-carat gold plate.  If the food is good, what else matters?  Lakewood doesn't mess around with a novel full of menu items.  It sticks to the basics and does them right.  Sure, their menu is studded with awards for their food and everything, but here is all you need to know: BURGER and CHEESE FRIES.Any place brave enough to tout their only burger option as "The" Burger, I have to respect.  And one option is all you need, trust me.  And how can one judge for onself if this is a worthy burger? Allow me:1. Thick meaty beef, oozing with burger love juice when gently squeezed.2. Thick cut bacon, so crispy you hear the crunch as you bite into it.3. Buttered and grilled bun, soft and fluffy on top, slightly crunch on the inside.4. Gooey cheddar permeating each burger crevice.5. Sauteed mushrooms, browned to perfection.6. A blend of ketchup, mayo, and grease cascading down my arm and between each finger.7. A pile of 50 dirty napkins beside my plate.Simply put, "The" Burger lives up to its name.Now Lakewood's crown jewel.  CHEESE FRIES- Do not go on living in Dallas without these beauties befalling your lips.  My poor wife thought she would be reasonable and get a salad, but once she saw these fries it was all over.  This ain't some filthy cheese sauce, but real shredded cheese, hot and heavy, invading every square inch of the pile of golden potatoes with a side of creamy ranch. The best I have ever had. Do not miss this place.  You will feel sinfully full afterwards but you will thank me later. Bravo Lakewood Landing!
<review# 1835,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2009,9/22/2009,30,91,7,7,5>Oh, Angry Dog, I love ya... hehehe Well, I told my hubby I wanted to do something more exciting for my birthday than shuck corn or pick lint from my dryer vent, so I asked my brother (who is a true foodie) where I should go this year...he said "My gosh, Nina, take you tail over to Angry Dog; have a drink, lighten up". :0) So, I did just that, I got all relaxed, put on my Levis; didn't put on my elastic waist stretch pants, I put on a cute t-shirt (can you believe I wore a fitted shirt?), wore my Rocket-dog sneakers instead of my reliable SAS sandals and I just got into my safe vehicle and got on over to this happening spot. (laughing, I'm not really that weird) Joking aside--- Yes...we did go to Angry Dog, we took our girls (ages 11 and 7)...we decided to go during daylight hours since we have a bedtime for our kids and because well, just because. (smirk) Walking in...I felt very comfortable, all kinds of people and all kinds of happy noise...some game was on...(baseball) and we found a table we liked... For appetizers, chips and salsa I ordered "The burger"...my hubby ordered the same with a lot more added and piled on top... The girls ate some appetizers for their meal since they're into the fun stuff... The servings were super generous and our drinks (Dr. Pepper, of course) were topped off every minute...very good for me!! Everything was delicious, the atmosphere was perfect in my opinion. Since we have kids, I prefer fun, noisier places (except for that place with that foolish stuffed animal and pizza). I liked the fact that I could walk into an establishment and not get handed a huge puppy training pad for the kids to sit on while we had dinner...don't you hate that? (kidding) And, since the prices are fine and the crowd wasn't rowdy, I will go there again and again until I become such a familiar face that I have a table reserved for me. (hahahaha) Really, it was nice and though we went with the girls during the day, I would not have brought them out in the late evenings nor the weekend nights...you know what I mean...nothing against the establishment, but just being a mom... I plan to try the hot dog everyone is talking about also...maybe next weekend (without the girls). Yep, so, I will go again!! Oh, I forgot to mention, the fries--they were okay, nothing super duper to brag about, but, they were hot, crisp and not greasy...so, that's really what they're supposed to be, right? :0)
<review# 1836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2008,9/21/2009,34,83,3,21,11>I am absolutely in love with this place. I made my first visit to the Russian Banya just a few days ago, and I already have plans to go again this weekend. The people that run the Banya are very cool and welcoming to Americans (most of the people there were Russian). The guys explained everything to me and my boyfriend, and took good care of us. I can honestly say the massage there from Jakob was the best in my life...and the Banya...I am envious of Russians who have been attending these places all their lives.I am staying in a hotel this week that has a saunas. I went into them tonight and was so disappointed. Nothing compares once you have tried an authentic banya.Finally - the food.  It's really interesting! They do offer vegetarian options if you do not eat meat (I am vegetarian and was able to find things). As Vera M. stated the service isn't American style...but this place is so relaxing...while you are waiting for your food you can just go back into the banya and then return to your table to find borscht, blintzes and other things waiting for you. The green tea is also wonderful and is a good companion to the health benefits you get from the banya. I suggest just looking at their Web site if you want details. They offer a lot of information there. Definitely check this place out if you have a day to kill and want to leave feeling excellent and then follow it all up with an excellent night of sleep!
<review# 1837,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,9/20/2009,32,56,7,8,3>My friends and I are super fond of going here after( or before) an evening of purikura. It's a carb addict's dream come true. They have macarons, sweet rolls of all kinds, these hot chicken pot pie type croquettes if you're not in the mood for sweets, and melon bread! The melon bread is amazing. :D There's so many things to try that I've never tasted before, it's hard to not stuff myself here. You pick out what you want to eat by picking up this basket, and browsing these open baskets full of (usually) wrapped baked goods of all kinds. The pot pie things are in a hot box over by the counter. There's also a refrigerated  display case full of cakes and parfaits across from the rows of baskets of tasty things. So far I have not tried anything from the cake section, because they look so good, they look fake. I'm sure they're real, and I'll eventually have a big enough sweet craving to cave and eat some delicious kiwi topped exotic cake.The booths here are also super fun. Most of the booths in the back half of the restaurant let you pull down a privacy shade so you can be as loud and as rambunctious as you like without disturbing others. Also makes for hilarity when friends promise to meet you there and you are hidden behind a screen.
<review# 1838,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/17/2009,9/17/2009,148,98,10,15,10>Grab a cup of coffee and make yourself comfy b/c this is going to be a long one. So my best friend Teena's birthday was yesterday and we decided to try out this restaurant that just opened: Bliss Raw Cafe and Elixir Bar. Bliss serves 100% raw and organic food. That's right, they do not cook their food. (It's a place that Demi Moore would be proud to call home.) The "raw food" concept is new to Dallas and seems to be healthy for you so we decided to give it a go. Here's what happened: Issue One: Finding the place. My first thought after we finally found Bliss was, "Are you freakin' kidding me?!" Yes, it's on Greenville Ave. but you literally blink and miss it. It is located on the SHOULDER of Greenville past the 7-11. I'm thinking a place like this will be in the nice new development directly behind Bliss that has plenty of open space. But noooo! Instead, they have setup shop on not much more than the sidewalk. So I wonder, "Are they vying for a spot on HGTV show Small Spaces, Big Style?!" I mean we are in TX people. We have space. Heck my closet is bigger than this place. Issue Two: Parking. They have 4 parking spots and share another small lot with the Mexican restaurant next door. But there is no way to know that. So we did 2 drive bys just trying to figure out the parking situation. While we were there we saw people parking at the DART station a few block down and walking...that's actually genius. Write that down. It will come in handy if you decide to try this place out. Issue Three: The "inside cafe". Nonexistent. It consists of a bar with 6 tight bar stools and patrons who shoot you dirty looks when you walk in. "I'm sorry. I didn't get the memo that this was your private dining room today." Issue Four: No booze and no diet coke. Okay so technically this is my issue. But we'll move on! Issue Five: The hours of operation: 3pm-9pm. Seriously! (They say that eventually they will be open for lunch.) Issue Six: The seating situation in the summer. While they have about 10 tables on the patio, flaps to drop and a/c pumping out. I wonder how this is going to pan out in the summer. Will it stay cool? Are they going to go al fresco b/c I didn't see any misters? And you are right on Greenville so the traffic noise could be problematic. Oh and on a side note, the scenery, albeit entertaining, is less than desirable. Your view is of girls in bikinis screaming, "Beer To Go"...girls that should not be in bikinis btw. Issue Seven: It's expensive. And I didn't even drink. (See issue #4)Issue Eight: The food is so freakin' good that I will suffer through issues 1-7 and come back again. We had great service and the waiter was cute too! (He looked like Rachel Green's young boyfriend Tag come to think of it. Maybe that was actually him. You know Friends has been off the air for a while now.) Drinks: We had the Chocolate Bliss and the Paradise Lemonade. Totally different from each other but each great! I feel healthier already. Soup: Corn Chowder. It was served cold but delicious. More avocado please. But other than that it was spot on. Sandwich: Greek Wrap. Good, but I think they may have confused 2 different dishes in the kitchen. It was missing the olives and had guac instead of avocado. We had a multinational dish going on here which made it a little weird, but still good. But a pretty small portion for the price.Entree: Rawzanga. This is lasagna with slices of zucchini instead of pasta, tomatoes, pesto, tomato sauce and cashew-cheese that came with a small Bliss salad. It was awesome. I could eat that all of the time. Dessert (Yes we stuffed ourselves. Don't judge!): Coconut Cream Pie and Chocolate Cinnamon Buns...delish! The pie had coconut shavings for a crust and was so light. I don't even really like coconut and I dug this. The cinn. buns were good too, but real cinnamon has quite a kick to it. (Probably wouldn't go there again, but glad I tried it.) All in all I will go back to Bliss. Service was fantastic. And after eating all of that food, I felt surprisingly good. Here's the skinny: Go for a late lunch, take public transport or carpool, try new things and don't take more than a few people with you. It's not a big place. Whew! I'm whipped. Thanks for hanging with me. Hope this helps.
<review# 1839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,9/16/2009,106,107,15,9,6>There are only two ways to get 4 stars in my book: 1) everything on the menu is rock solid or 2) something on your menu is THE BEST I've had.  North Main BBQ falls into the second category.  Eat the ribs my friend, eat the ribs.  Don't even waste time with any of the other meats or sides since they're basically fools gold compared to the ribs.  Maybe take a break between your 10th and 11th rib to wash 'em down with a can of Coke or some tea from those giant white trash cans, but keep your eyes on the prize and you won't be disappointed.Since this place is an all you can eat buffet you've got to be careful not to eat the ribs that have been sitting out for too long.  Wait for them to start bringing out fresh ribs from the back.  Pure gold.This place has got a great atmosphere too, but they're only open Friday (dinner), Saturday and Sunday.  I asked a knowledgeable, partially-toothed employee with a braided skullet why they are only open on weekends and his response was priceless: "Well, we're awful busy on weekends.  We do caterin' durin' the week and when we're not workin' we spends our time chasin' after wild women."  Make sure to come with an empty stomach and don't plan on swimming for at least a few days afterwards.
<review# 1840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2009,9/15/2009,1147,1223,6,15,12>When Preston said he wanted to get some friends together and have brunch at Vickery Park in Plano, my first thought was "ugh Plano? Can't we go Uptown with the cool kids?" haha, but I am glad we came here. It wasn't busy, they hooked us up with a nice table in the back so we had our own tv and little area to be loud in, plus I love the decor and art.I had to eenie-meenie minee moe and ended up with the egg sandwich. It came stacked high with lots of sriracha ketchup, ham, bacon (chewy not crispy), cheddar, & 2 eggs over hard on a toasty, but soft butter honey bun. It also came with hash browns which aren't your traditional extra crispy and greasy style, instead these only have a little crunch, more soft potato with a bit of red onion and bell pepper and a heavy sprinkling of parmesean. These were ok. I would have rather had fries. We also had a carafe of mimosa which was tasty.Overall I really enjoyed the place and I wouldn't mind checking it out in the evening. Maybe we'll have to plan a Northside UYE :)
<review# 1841,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2009,9/14/2009,231,448,12,13,12>I had been craving some good Korean BBQ for a while, so when a big group of folks wanted to try it out, I jumped at the opportunity.  Before this, I'd only been to one other place, so I'm still pretty new to the whole thing.  Thankfully, Joe B. turned out to be a great guide into the world of Korean BBQ.Since we had a rather sizeable group, we took up several large tables and decided to go at the meal family style: order a bunch of stuff & share it all!  That is the best way to try out new food anyway.  I liked most of the side dishes I tried.  Their kimchi was delicious and I'm pretty sure our table alone went thru at least four bowls of the stuff.  The fish cakes were good as well, though I could have used more of them.  I wasn't overly crazy about the dried seaweed, but it wasn't too bad.  All of the meat we tried was all super tasty (that is right - I said it), and the house marinade was good as well.  I liked that they brought garlic & jalapenos out to grill - nothing like a little spice to liven things up!Let's talk about beverages...  I managed to try some Soju for the first time.  Note to self: small glasses do not = small alcohol content!  That stuff was strong, but so worth it.  I passed on the foreign beer - clean & crisp & refreshing doesn't really entice me to drink a beer.  That sounds more like a soda to me.  To end the meal, the waitstaff brought out a kind of sweet rice drink.  No, I don't know the name; yes, I suck at life for not remembering it.  I enjoyed it at least :)It wasn't hard to run up quite the bill here, so be prepared to dish out some dough when you visit.  However, the quality was good, so the tradeoff is balanced well.  Our waitstaff were very attentive and quick to refill drinks & dishes.  They even managed to split the bill properly, despite the fact that we had nearly 20 people at two big tables.  Everyone was friendly and helpful, which is nice when you have so many people to please at once.Thanks again to Joe B. for organizing everything - it did not disappoint!
<review# 1842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2009,9/13/2009,251,161,4,17,12>I am becoming a yoga addict and it's this small gem of a studio that is enabling my addiction.  Prior to having arrived at the Gaia Flow Studio, I have taken yoga classes before and some I have enjoyed and some not so much.   Hence, when, I first entered the quasi-lobby I was a bit nervous since I am definitely not a pro but after being greeted by a friendly and professional staff at the front desk I came to feel completely at ease.  To your right you have the main section of the studio where all the fun yoga stuff takes place.  And on the left side of the entrance there is a walk in closet where the back wall is lined with wooden cubby holes where you are able to place  your belongings during class.  You can bring your own mat but they do have extras if you forget yours.Although this is a version of hot yoga its really no where near as hot as Bikram, thank God!    Chrystal Rae and Andres,  the principal instructors,  do an excellent job in their instruction and in helping you to incorporate your own truth into the practice. All the instructors offer modifications for beginners who are not ready to practice the most advanced poses. The flow aspect of the practice refers to the cardio exercises you are performing throughout the class. The strength training occurs through the poses and the duration that you are able to hold them.The purpose of the heat is to help your body sweat out all the toxins and limber you up so your muscles are supple and better able to attain the poses you are attempting to engage. Since you are sweating profusely, it is advisable to drink lots and lots of water before and after your practice.  Afterward, you realize how rejuvenated you feel and you can not wait to go back again. The classes are small enough that you never  feel crowded and for the un-assimilated its really easy to get a spot closest to the exit in case you  need a quick breath of fresh air and I am not going to  lie cause I still do on occasion.Happily, I am already seeing significant changes and even my skating coaches are noticing my skills are improving on the ice as well.  Still, I can absolutely do none of the binds but I am able to coordinate most warrior poses and planks and dog poses.  And I maintain the hope of someday mastering the hand stand as well!The studio offers different packs of classes for reasonable prices.  And the first week special is comprised of  $15.00 for one week of unlimited classes.   Also, I have determined that this yoga practice imparts you with this natural high & sense of euphoria that you will be riding for several hours afterward.  I am starting to crave it  even on days when its not on my schedule.  It's a beautiful thing. And to think when I first walked into this quaint studio located in Addison Circle , I believed I would only be taking my friend Stacy's first Ocean class  with the sole objective of being a  supportive friend.  Now, its only a month later and I am doing my best to attend at least four times a week.Now most of you who know me know that I already have a super busy schedule so even attempting to incorporate yoga into my schedule is a feat onto itself.  I am really incredibly happy with my experience at Gaia Flow and I would encourage everyone to try it out if you are looking to get into yoga!
<review# 1843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2009,9/12/2009,167,230,6,7,6>Weisser Spargel im Hühner Schnitzel  nach "Spargelbauer Art" - this was my dinner. Um, yum. It's stuffed chicken white asparagus spears, emmentaler swiss cheese mousse, black forest and westphalian hams. Yeah, that's an artery clogger.The boyfriend had Jäger Schnitzel which was the best we have had in Texas thus far. We had an awesome waitress, Danielle. She mastered about 5 tables with four people+ and she didn't complain about it at all. She was so sweet and our water/tea was never half empty. I did have a glass of wine (I love German wines) and the boyfriend had a stein of Spaten Premium Helles. We ate and drank like Kings.Our dishes were a little pricey and we did take home leftovers. Our total bill was about $68.00, but well worth it. We don't eat like this often and the food was just so authentic and fresh. The atmosphere is fun and GERMAN, huh go figure. We will definitely be going back - with a coupon. :-)
<review# 1844,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,9/11/2009,205,232,4,6,5>My prayers have been answered, and it took a move to Dallas for this to happen.  For about the past 6 years, I have been wishing that one day I would find a Vietnamese restaurant that I could order a noodle or rice dish and have Pho at the same time.  I crave pork but I always want some Pho, but ordering both would cost too much and be too much food.Mai's has an answer!They are the only Vietnamese restaurant that I have seen in the whole United States that offers also a cup of Pho, as opposed to a large or small bowl.  I love it!  Now I can eat what I want and have some Pho.Pros:  The place is very homey.  It even has a magazine stand near the doorway, which I thought was kinda cool.  The prices are great.  The service is good and very fast.  The food is good, but not great.  I think I've been spoiled by Los Angeles and San Francisco Vietnamese restaurants.Cons:  There is only 1 Pho selection.  There are no varieties.  The grilled pork was kind of fatty.Honestly, there isn't much traditional Vietnamese to choose from in Dallas.  You either get this, or Vietnam restaurant.  Both have their ups and downs.  I would come back here.
<review# 1845,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/31/2009,9/10/2009,725,843,13,12,8>I love Eagle Brand Sweetened Condensed Milk.  I used to keep a can in the fridge with a spoon sticking out of it.  Spoon a day couldn't kill me, unless I get some sort of Botulism from the rust on the edge of the milky can.Okay, well the Quatro Leches cake is as good as everyone says.  I think that they poured a whole can of sweetened milk on my one little piece of cake.  Maybe that's why it's $8 a slice. The cake was lovely but uneventful.  It was coarse, which mini-me didn't like.  I had to explain that not all cake was meant to have the consistency of wedding cake.  This cake was to act like a sponge for the tons of milk it soaked in.  And it did.  Mission accomplished.I would give it more stars but in all honesty  I could have dipped a Twinkie in a can of sweetened milk and came out with a similar treat.  It would also taste darned good, but it would cost less than $8.I will go back and try some more treats and lunch and keep you aware of the situation.
<review# 1846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,9/9/2009,259,574,9,10,9>I've been to the AAC quite a few times and it's a pretty good venue all around. I've been to a few stars games - lower level hockey ROCKS! The seats aren't too horrible and the bathrooms are usually clean. if you are sitting in the terrace for hockey BRING A SWEATER. It gets seriously cold up there.Checked out a suite for a Mavs game (thx Aimee's work) - the suite level was awesome. They had chair massages in the hallway - gotta love that. The food was pretty good and the dessert cart up there is amazing.Checked out the Platinum club last night for dinner before Britney and that was pretty cool. It's a buffet on the suite level - I'm guessing the price differs based on the event but last night it included 2 drinks (draft beer or house wine). I got a couple beers and they were the same beers that would have cost me $8 downstairs so that was awesome. Our server was really nice and the food was pretty tasty and its all you can eat so who doesn't love that? Only complaint - dessert is extra $? Seriously? That's lame.Last night was also my first visit for a concert at the AAC and I was pretty impressed. The acoustics were really good for an arena and our seats were awesome.I'll be back soon I'm sure :)
<review# 1847,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2009,9/8/2009,385,149,2,5,5>I stopped by here last night to have a few beers. I was talking to Alisha the bartender and she introduced me to the new owner Musad. I talked to him for a while, and he gave me some great info. He said the name of the restaurant will be changing in like 6 months. I forgot the new name now but once I remember I will let all you know. He has new drink specials ... $2 domestic beers, $2 margaritas, $3 wells, $7 pitchers and $12.50 buckets of beer. He also said he was going to add chips and queso to the menu that would start today. He let me try it and it was a nice change from wings/burgers and fries. Its not all that bad. I think it needs more salt but maybe that's just me. He said he was going to start doing tacos next week. I tried to talk him into selling nachos as well. He said he would think about it. Once he changes the signs to the new name they will have a canopy for the outside patio. It will be really nice during the sunny days. Musad and his wife are really cool, and I will still work on get the nachos worked out. They still have steaks and shrimp and stuff too. I had tried both of those and they are both good as well. It will be more than a wing and burger place now. Can't wait to try the nachos, MZ
<review# 1848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2009,9/7/2009,30,64,6,8,7>daaaaammmnn, you guys weren't kidding!  i'd been wondering about this place since i moved in down the street.  these are some serious quesadillas.  i had a medium veggie, and it was huge.  as in, it's highly unlikely that one person could finish this much food in one sitting.  it's cut into 8 pieces, and each piece is the size of a slice o' pizza.  basically, these are pizza-sized quesadillas.  the veggie has rice, black beans, tomatoes, mushrooms, carmelized onions, bell pepper, cilantro, and cheese.  that's what i discerned, anyway. i spoke to the owner on the phone.  both he and the employee who rang me up were friendly and seem enthusiastic about the business.  good sign.they don't skimp on the complimentary salsa, which is in the roasted pepper-y style.  and free queso when you mention yelp?  get outta town!  seriously, this isn't like one of those 2-ouncers from taco c- this is basically a big fucking bowl of queso.  for free.
<review# 1849,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,9/6/2009,255,323,13,10,9>There's not much that I can say about Hattie's that hasn't already been said.  It's casual enough that you'd feel comfortable coming in jeans, but nice enough to be a fantastic place for a first (or hundredth) date.On to the food!I had the fried chicken with mashed potatoes and tasso ham gravy.  Borat like.It was a boneless chicken breast that had been flattened, battered, and fried to perfection.  Frying chicken isn't hard (if you're as good as I am--you know it's true, don't trip), but getting a perfectly colored and crunchy exterior while keeping a pounded breast perfectly moist and tender is as hard as Ashton Kutcher is when he sees Demi's girls around the pool in their bikinis.The only problem that I had with the tasso gravy was that there wasn't enough of it.  While my stomach is screaming for more, my heart is saying a big thank you.The other great thing about lunch was the price.  Including the mandatory grat for 6 or more people, I ate a fantastic lunch for $12.The other fools I went to lunch went had the following: Chicken Cordon Bleu sandwich; the fried green tomato sandwich, the Country Club, & the sirloin burger.  Believe me when I say that ANY of the sandwiches were large enough to split and make both parties full as a mug.  They were big (how big were they?)  They was so big they had they own area code, just like yo momma.Make sure you visit the facilities to check out the dope ass sinks too.  I think I'm going to get those faucets for my bathroom.
<review# 1850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2009,9/5/2009,51,309,7,13,10>The Sixth Floor Museum is the perfect place to take out of town visitors, especially those who have a sense of JFK's history.  The audio tour provides the perfect narrative to each display, while the short movie clips show a glimpse into what was going on in the nation at the time of JFK's assassination.  The displays show a great timeline of the events of that day, in addition to the mood of the country and Dallas leading up the event.I didn't expect to spend a couple hours here, but everything was just so interesting that I had to look and read everything.  The best (or most chilling) part was reaching the corner of the 6th floor where Lee Harvey Oswald pulled the trigger.  While the exact spot is behind glass walls, just being in the same area and looking out the window down on Elm St. was very eerie.Even if you're not a history buff, the Sixth Floor Museum is well worth the visit.
<review# 1851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2009,9/4/2009,87,53,8,9,8>This bar is greatness! I've been going here for years, but after a hiatus, I returned this weekend to find the place absolutely packed. I managed to get an awesome bartender though, who was really on top of her game and didn't make me wait long for service - just because she was working her ass off. She also got mouthy with this douchebag, which made me like her even more.Like everyone else has said, the drinks are strong, which is good, because the non-happy hour mixed drink price is $6.50. I do prefer this place during the after work hours, just because on the weekends it can be way too crowded. There were also a fair number of douchebags in there last Friday, which isn't the Loon's fault, but the non-douches should be given a head's up.Still, love this bar man!
<review# 1852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,9/3/2009,275,233,8,11,8>This restaurant is also known as PTT (Shortened acronym for the establishment name). Everything here is delicious. Their grilled pork spring rolls are my favorite appetizer to get. I usually order their Com Ga Ro-ti (Tomato rice and Rotisserie Roasted Chicken) but I do love everything here. Prices range from $5-$8 per entree, and it's definitely worth it.Oh, and the rice and vermicelli dishes come with a side broth soup that they sometimes fail to bring out, you just have to ask for it.The restaurant is clean, the staff is attentive, the decor is home-like, and overall great food. Give it a try if you'll be in the Arlington area. A good place for a date and on Sunday during lunch time it can get pretty packed with families, so prepare for a little wait.
<review# 1853,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2009,9/2/2009,68,94,3,10,7>I've been watching the construction on this formerly shady-looking building on Henderson for a couple months, hoping it would turn into something nice.  Jeff and I decided to check it out today as part of our "cook more, eat out less" diet, and we were both pleasantly surprised. I really did NOT expect such coolness from this randomly located grocery market! I think this will be a good alternative for when you don't feel like breaking the bank at Whole Foods. Our cart was filled to overflowing, and we only spent $135.  Compare that to our first trip to Whole Foods where we only got a couple bags at a whopping $85!!! However, there are still some things I'll be going to Whole Foods for exclusively - probably most meats, seafood, and ready-to-eat meals.  Also, Whole Foods' bakery blows this one away, but that should be expected since Newflower is a much smaller market.  Still, I would have liked to see some store-made tortillas or something in Newflower. Here are some of the highlights of our trip: Bulk Foods - Newflower has a pretty decent bulk foods section in the front center of the store, just behind the registers.  They have a wide selection of salt-free nuts, organic granola, and specialty sugars, flours, and brans.  The prices on most of the bulk bag-your-own products are cheaper than at Whole Foods.  One example: raw almonds were $2.00/lb at Newflower and $8.00/lb at Whole Foods.  The loose organic couscous was also cheaper than at Whole Foods by quite a bit.  Boar's Head deli counter - They have a pretty large selection of Boar's Head meats and some cheeses.  The deli counter guy gave us some free deli mustard when we ordered a pound of Ovengold turkey and some Havarti cheese, so that was a nice surprise!  I wouldn't say the prices are much (if any) lower than a regular grocery store like Kroger or Tom Thumb - the meat seemed to range from about $7.99 - $9.99 per pound.  The sushi case next to the deli looked pretty good for grab-and-go sushi, although I would have liked to see some brown rice rolls instead of all white rice.  I think I'll definitely try it soon though. Vitamins - The vitamins/supplements section in this store is HUGE; it takes up three full aisles on the far left side of the store.  I think it definitely rivals Whole Foods.  I was able to pick up some roll-on pure Vitamin E oil for  a scar I'm trying to get rid of, and my husband found some liquid echinacea for a much cheaper price than at CVS or GNC.  We browsed this area for a while, wondering who on earth would possibly know what to do with so many supplements! I mean really...who would ever think "oh, let's run to the store and pick up some more of that powdered olive leaf"?! We both giggled at a funny supplement called "herp-ease" that didn't leave much to the imagination.   In this section, they also had a wide selection of lotions, shampoos, and body products. It looked like these products were mostly organic and much more natural than beauty products in a regular supermarket, which is great for sensitive-skinned people like me who are allergic to everything! Produce - While I still prefer the produce section at Whole Foods, this one was not bad at all.  They had great specials running this weekend, presumably since the store just opened.  We picked up some red seedless grapes for $0.57/lb and TEN kiwi fruits for $2.00!!! There were other great specials that we took advantage of as well, and our refrigerator now looks like a produce stand.  Hopefully they will continue to feature some amazing specials like these each week because it would be worth coming back just for that. The seafood section certainly can't hold a candle to Whole Foods, but who would even expect it to? Same for the red meats - Whole Foods just has better selection, but the meat here looked like it would be good quality and a reasonable price if you're just getting basic stuff.  One thing that I found strange was that the lactose-free milk that my husband gets was actually more expensive than at Kroger or even Whole Foods.  Regular skim milk was priced about the same.  Overall, I was very impressed with Newflower.  It's a bit of a drive from home compared to Whole Foods, but it would be worth it once in a while to pick up some fresh, natural foods at lower prices.  I'll definitely be back.
<review# 1854,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,9/1/2009,220,341,,10,7>Sugar Bear's goal is to spend the day at De Tapas and attempt to get full. We enjoy the food here, but the pacing and small plates mean one never gets really full here.  I try not to overeat when I go out, so De Tapas is a good choice for me.Almost every time we go here we get: garlic shrimp (2x b/c this dish is so yummy), the tomato plate, the cheese plate, cheese croquettes (2 orders...Sugar Bear eats them by himself and still wants more), olives, and the beef skewer. We also get the sangria, which does not seem to be appreciated by some of my fellow reviewers but we've always enjoyed it. I really like the paella, although it is pricey and you have to wait a bit for it to be prepared. It is a dish for two, and unfortunately it is one of the items on the menu that SB doesn't enjoy. So, I don't get it that often. The down side to De Tapas...the service usually sucks. The pacing is slow and many times we've been quite finished with our meal, but we cannot locate the wait person to get a check. We also dislike the loud music that is frequently occurring inside the restaurant because you have to yell to order and chat. The best way to get around the music is to sit outside. We only go to De Tapas when the weather is nice and dining on the patio is an option. This is a fun place to go with a group for a leisurely dinner.
<review# 1855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2009,8/31/2009,26,67,10,13,12>First off, very few places on Yelp have a solid 5 star rating and the fact that over a dozen people have reviewed Orange and agreed says great things about  this place...moreover, getting your hair cut is a big deal and a bad cut is something you have to live with for weeks/months until it grows back. Thus, if people weren't happy with their cuts you'd better believe there would be some critical reviews. With that being said, even though I've been in Dallas for almost a year I've been too scared to get my hair cut down here and have just held out for whenever I've been home to get it done. That wasn't going to work anymore, so I decided to give this place a try. After one visit I've already decided this is my new salon (Goodbye Maria, it was good while it lasted).The staff here are great and everyone there was really social/chatty with all the customers. I didn't know who to schedule an apt. with so they put me with Wolf. He was a nice guy and asked a lot of questions before he started. I'm really happy with how my hair looks and will definitely return.
<review# 1856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,8/30/2009,102,49,7,6,5>O.M.G. This place makes it to my "food heroin" list. I crave this place and the potatos. I am a fiend for it. Similar to heroin, I get a little light headed and want to pass out upon taking my first bite. After slipping into my drug induced coma. I know I will awake to find cold fried chicken in my fridge as i always order extra! You should too! This is some of the best fried chicken I have had,  and my favorite in the city! **a close second is the fried chicken with ham hock gravy at screen door.
<review# 1857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,8/29/2009,511,139,8,18,12>Not many peeps speak much English in this place --  it's mostly Russian!It's like Jimmy's Food Store, only instead of Italian it's all Russian. And instead of being near downtown Dallas it's in Richardson--and WELL worth the drive.They offer Beluga caviar @ about $100 for an over-sized container that would normally be at least $200.  Russian chocolates and treats abound. There is a deli counter with fish, but I have gravitated more towards the Muscat wines (about $10-$15 a bottle) and the best damn beer I've ever had: Baltika 9 (bottled and brewed in St. Petersburg, RU). It's like Mared Sous 10, only much creamier like it had been made with nitrogen (which it's not) so there's very little burn. Only that 9+% alcohol content... And they sell it for $1.99/ oversized bottle.The people there are friendly and will help you find what you're looking for. Here's a couple of things to try -- get the jar of pickled tomatoes (fantastic), and some Salmon caviar ($13). Take some rye bread, put butter on it, add caviar, and have a tomato with it. Then a swig of your favorite vodka. mmmm Also the Black Sea smoke Sprats are very good too. Substitute that for the caviar on the bread and butter. Add vodka, mmm.
<review# 1858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2009,8/28/2009,549,363,16,19,13>Woooohoooo! I love presents, especially in the form of baked goods. An old instructor came by to visit me today at work and brought me a snack from Mozart. I've driven by this place daily for 8 months now and wondered about it but never have had the chance to venture in.OMG.My friend brought me some confection that looked like a creme puff on steroids, only It tasted better. I had big plans to eat a nibble and then split the rest with Mr. P for dessert. Yeah, I ate the whole thing, right there, and ended up covered in powdered sugar. And then I considered sniffing the sugar off my shirt, because that stuff couldn't have been legal. Aaaaah.So I felt so guilty I went by Mozart on my way home and bought a loaf of bread and another of these pumped up creme puffs to give to Mr. P. I totally plan on giving it to him. Seriously. Unless he takes too long to get home and I have to eat it. Hrm. Considering to, anyway, maybe. When I went in, I was surprised to see that the little store is a cute little modern bakery with booths to sit in and lots of pre-made goodies -- some savory and some sweet. I saw sponge cake, croissants, some focaccia looking bread, and lots of creamy looking nibbles in the refrigerated case. Many of the goodies looked like works of art... you might even feel guilty eating them, until you take the first bite. I'll totally be back.
<review# 1859,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,8/27/2009,136,202,7,10,11>I have been coming to Desperado's since I was a kid.  It is definitely one of my favorite Mexican places in Dallas, if not my very favorite.  Their margaritas are tasty and just the right amount of frozen.  Their staff is always friendly and helpful.  The atmosphere is cozy but gets fairly loud when it's crowded.  The food?  Outta sight!Many others have mentioned the trip to awesometown you take when ordering Desperado tacos.  They aren't like normal tacos, as they are in puffy, deep-fried flour tortillas filled with meat and melty cheese.  Before last night, I wasn't sure if I preferred the beef or chicken.  However, I discovered the almighty SHRIMP Desperado tacos, which were the special last night.  I love me some shrimp, and these were mighty tasty.  They were a little more pricey and messy than normal Desperado tacos, but such is the price of greatness.  Oh, and the regular (chicken or beef) Desperado tacos are only $5.95 on Thursday nights!Desperado's also has other terrific menu items.  Their chicken dishes never fail to impress.  The Chicken Itza is a tender chicken breast with a rosemary-flavored marinade.  The Jalisco Chicken is in a creamy spinach sauce which is a bit rich, but come on... you are eating Mexican food!  I also recommend the fish tacos.  The fish is deep-fried, which is not my favorite, but the sauce is so good I forgive them.The sopapillas are hot and fresh, served with honey and butter.  It seems ridiculous to put butter on something this sweet and fried.  That is, it seems ridiculous until you try it!The chips and salsa aren't my favorite, but I still pig out on them.  Everything else is top-notch.
<review# 1860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2009,8/25/2009,97,38,13,14,13>Oh my gawd! I've been in Dallas since 1998 and just now got to try Piggie Pies.  Why did I wait so long, WHY??  Finally we were willing to risk everything and BE A PIG! This pizza is wonderful.  It's not the thin crust European style pizza, but out-of-this-world-hand-made-tasty-American-style.  I also found it quite reminiscent of what I'm used to eat back home in Canada (Quebec) for some reason. I'll be glad to investigate this some more!On our first piggie delivery, we had the pig pen (my favorite so far) and the four cheese, to try the extremes of the spectrum of pizza toppings. The crust was soft and delicious, and the cheeses and toppings were, for lack of a better word, perfect.  Forget papa john's and all other pizza chains.  Oink, oink. We'll be pigs from now on!
<review# 1861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,8/24/2009,70,140,6,10,6>Wow this place was great and if you are a cheese lover you will love this place.  They have a ton of cheeses to choose from and I was a bit overwhelmed but no worries the owner and staff are great.  They start by listening to your likes and dislikes and then recommend and let you sample a few according to your tastes....   I never knew cheese could be so complex... it reminds me of trying out new wines and finding out what your palates likes and why... I can't wait to go back and taste these wonderful cheeses.  We ended up doing a cheese plate served with olives, almonds and baguette slices... and shared a bottle of wine.  They serve wine by the glass or by the bottle... Wines by the bottle are also reasonable but its really about the cheese.  The place is retail with lots of gourmet goodies and handful of tables... We loved it!! felt like something we'd walk into in NYC or Paris..... You have to go here if you love cheese!!Drew loved the cheese so much he was doing food repentance... I loved it so much I caught myself drooling, twice!!... its that good and I can't wait to come back and try more.
<review# 1862,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,8/22/2009,270,700,6,9,7>I love Texas.  Today was my first day of summer vacation, and my friends chose to take me to Mariano's for my welcome home dinner.  I can't believe I've never been here before.  Maybe it's because it's on the other side of the highway.  I can't count the number of times I've driven by it, but I never tried it before today.  Mariano's was a great experience.Starting with the service, everyone working here was ridiculously nice and helpful.  Perhaps it's because I've been living in DC for too long, but they seemed uncommonly nice.  All the food came out really quickly.  The menu claims that they invented the frozen margarita in 1971 with a souped up ice cream maker that is now housed in the Smithsonian.  I'm going to confirm this when I return to DC, but in the meantime, I can attest that this was the best frozen margarita I've had in my life.  The homemade chips and salsa were delicious.  They have chipotle salsa and tomato salsa.  While I usually don't like chipotle salsa, theirs was sublime.  I needed three refills and wanted to drink it by the glass.For our meal, we tried the chicken flautitas, enchiladas suizas, and brisket tacos.  All were excellent.  The ingredients were fresh, and it's not the tasteless amalgam of beans, cheese, and salsa that you'll get at a lot of restaurants.  You could really taste every component of each dish.  Just a note, the brisket tacos are REALLY heavy, even by the standards of Tex-Mex, but they're still delicious.And there's no better way to finish off a meal than with a little Southern hospitality.  My companions grabbed the check and insisted that there was no way I could possibly pay since it's my birthday and I'm a girl.  I can guarantee that this doesn't happen in Washington, D.C.OK, in all honesty, the food was probably only worth four stars, but i give the experience overall five stars, and I fully intend to return.  Here is my plea to my fellow Arlingtonians: For the love of God, stop eating at Chili's.  There are plenty of good, family-owned restaurants right here in Arlington.Update: I checked with the Smithsonian, and Mariano's did, in fact, invent the frozen margarita machine!
<review# 1863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2009,8/21/2009,80,190,,5,8>Like many others I was under the impression that Swirll would be closing, but contrary to belief it is alive and well!  Passing it on the way to another Main St. watering hole I took a double take through the window and the lights were on and people were drinking their wine.  Swirll is a unique concept compared to the other city "wineries."  It's owned by a very personable couple who just love wine.  There are some others that make their own wine, sell it and do tastings but as far as I know Swirll is the only one that allows you to make your own wine.During the weekend that I was proposing to my now wife, I made Swirll apart of it all.  I called ahead for a reservation, which is neccessary to make your own batch.  When we arrived we had a dedicated "wine-o" that worked with us.  We spent about an hour tasting all their wines.  They don't tell you but each taster of wine is charged to your final bill...I just figured it was apart of the make-your-own-batch cost...wrong!  During the tasting they gave us a small plate of crackers to munch on.  All of the wines were excellent and some very unique.  The reason being is that the owners bring in all their grape juice from the region they should come from; Cab from California, Amarone from Italy, ect.  We ended up choosing Zinfandel from Central California.  From there the "must" is brought out and you mix it with yeast and other things, then it's put away for 6 weeks.  After the 6 weeks we came back to design our label, bottle, cork, label and box all of our wine.  We ended up with 35 bottles!  Yes please!  The wine is definitely not drinkable after 6 weeks.  They tell you to let it rest for at least a year before cracking a bottle.  The whole process was very easy and a lot of fun for both of us.  The lady we worked with was very knowledgable about wine.  We ended up using the bottles we made for wedding party gifts and now we have bottles to crack on anniversaries.  Overall the wine making process is a very cool experience.  Besides making your own wine it seems to be a great place for a date or even a large group wine tasting.  It has the romantic feel of a wine cave.  We will definitely be back for years to come...hoping it keeps it doors open.
<review# 1864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2009,8/20/2009,98,143,8,9,9>Upon moving to Dallas this past year, I was thrilled to be surrounded by friends who enjoy dressing up for Halloween. I hadn't dressed up in years and was overwhelmed by the endless possibilities I had to choose from. I decided to check out EB, although I knew I wasn't particularly interested in being a slutty anything. I did however want to find a blond wig to wear since I hear that blonds have more fun ;)EB is definitely a stripper store when it is not in full scale Halloween mode. I'm actually not too sure their selection really changes that much between Halloween and the "normal" season. They did have a ridiculously large selection though of booty baring options to choose from if that's the look you're going for. Do check the costumes and outfits though because many of them are damaged, torn, frayed, etc...and this stuff is not cheap. On top of it, if you fail to check your garment and get home to realize something is off...TOO BAD...EB does not allow returns or exchanges on any of their merchandise. This is definitely a plus though, cause I would not want to purchase something that had been up against someone else's naughty bits!!!The selection of wigs was pretty decent with both crazy options such as random clown wigs, fire engine red bobs, and the more "natural" looking synthetic hair pieces. I settled on a blond long cut circa Farah Fawcett in Charlie's Angels! The shoe section also thoroughly intrigued me as there were options that I could see myself wearing for fun despite the fact that I am not a dancer (publicly at least :)) EB also offered a vast selection of really cute tights, frilled booty shorts (which are really hard to find actually), bathing suits, and bizarre body suits which were basically just strings tied together not meant for any type of real coverage. All in all, if you're looking for something to wow your man (or woman) I would definitely check this place out. It's fun to explore with your guy or even with adventurous girlfriends. There are always interesting people to watch too if you want an inside look on human sexual behavior!!! EB, I will be back next Halloween FO SHO!
<review# 1865,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/14/2009,8/19/2009,419,663,15,11,11>*If Yelp would wake up and give us half-star options, this would be 3.5*I had friends in college who performed funerals and held court marshals for alcohol abuse if a single drop of a potent potable ended up on the floor or counter or anywhere it couldn't be swallowed.  Let me just say, I held my own personal moment of silence at my desk when I reluctantly let my taste buds absorb the last drop that remained in my to go cup of my Watermelon Sweet Tea.Now on to the reason why I can't give four stars.  Twice, I have requested my burger to be cooked less than their normal medium well (which to true Culinarians = Burnt).  The first time I asked for medium rare, and it was still a full medium well.  The second time, trying to out smart them at their own game, I asked for RARE.  This time my burger was still on the medium side, but was still over cooked.  You can not call yourselves Chefs if you can't cook a damn burger medium rare.The first time I had the Green Chile, Guacamole & Pepperjack Burger.  The creaminess of the guacamole slightly made up for the dry overcooked burger.  The second time I ordered the Peppercorn Ranch & Bacon Burger.  I, unfortunately, didn't realize there wasn't any cheese on this burger.  I liked the flavor of the peppercorn ranch & bacon and next time I will add cheese to it.I love the fried pickles, the fried green beans and fried sweet potato chips.  You can't go wrong with the Fried Ride, the fried side smorgusboard.... but you definitely need more than two people to do it justice.Will I go back to Twisted Root? Yes.  Will I continue to try to find items that they can cook medium rare? Yes.  Will I continue to have funerals for the last sip of my Watermelon Sweet Tea? When the Roll is called up Yonder, I'll be there.
<review# 1866,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2009,8/18/2009,44,28,6,9,5>Oh man, I had to wait for the second time that I've been there to write a review. I just had to see if it was still as awesome the second time around as it was the first, which it totally was. It's a seat yourself place and everyone there is very attentive and super nice.Libertine has freakin fantastic food along with their beer selection. If you don't drink beer, I highly recommend the mojito's.... mmm mm good. But let me go back to the food. The first time my friends and I all shared a little of what each other had:Moules Frites = AWESOMEMussels steamed in white wine, garlic & herbstopped with shoestring frites - $8Seafood Trio = EVEN MORE AWESOMEChilled smoked salmon & asian coleslaw, spicy shrimp ceviche,& seared sesame tuna - $9Club = GREATTurkey, ham, apple-wood smoked bacon,cheddar cheese, tomato, onion & shreddedbutter lettuce with honey mustard - $7Mac & Cheese - $4 = YUMMY HOME MADE!!My second time around we got: Steak & Fries = Sauce and Fries were yummy, but the steak was cooked Medium and not Medium Rare:Steak au poivre , port wine & shallotreduction & a pile of fries - $13Pulled Pork = Loads of flavor!Maredsous roasted pulled pork on a panini withLibertine coleslaw - $8After eating, I was also told that the Pot Pie was amazing (which I was thinking about ordering before I ordered the steak) and I'll have to try that next time, because I am so going back.What's even cooler, when you are done you can walk next door and visit Jimmy, the Japanese man that owns Voodoo. A killer collection of all things random, records, vintage clothing and Halloween decor!
<review# 1867,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2009,8/16/2009,199,332,9,15,12>OK, the secret is out. DART kicks ass!! I'm from Los Angeles and mass transit is perhaps one of the scariest experiences in town. Therefore, I resisted using DART light rail for almost 4 years. However, one random night and a ticket to a Stars game prompted me to fork over $3 for the round trip and I have been hooked every since.You may laugh at some of the things that tickle my fancy but: 1) the train does actually show up on schedule, 2) I actually do feel relatively safe on it, 3) it's locations are generally handy, especially drop-off at the AAC. and 4) I want to drink enough one night that train usage TOTALLY make sense.Seriously, $3 for a day pass that will take me from deepest, darkest Plano to the bowels of the West End in a half-hour? How can one resist? Apparently, no one on St. Patty's Day! Anything that takes hoards of drunkards off I75 is genius. When it let's you stop at Mockingbird Station , grab a bite and a beer on the way to another Stars overtime loss, it skyrockets in value.Simple to use. Cost-effective. Clean & safe. Cheap and on schedule. Suck on that, Amtrak! If they would just build a baseball stadium downtown, we could also fully shame those Chicagoans who have flocked to Wrigley using similar transportation (and we still have another 60 years to win a World Series)
<review# 1868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2009,8/15/2009,541,525,5,5,6>Oh Kent Rathbun, how you make my taste buds sing... Ok, I know everyone and everyone they know has written about Abacus' lobster shooters. So obviously they have to be good right? Not only are they good...I secretly think they're laced with crack. That's how good they are. This appetizer is a DEFINITE, MUST...don't come eat here if you're not going to try them...Moving on....I had the Sea Bass with parmesan risotto. Sorry. This too, was orgasmic. Perfectly flaky and not fishy, great piece of fish. BF had the ostrich which he said melted in his mouth (he doesn't really give a hoot about food, he'd prolly eat bark off a tree if I fed it to him), so for him to even say anything at all...is HUGE! For dessert we had the creme brulee, I know I know...how cliche to go to a nice restaurant and have creme brulee...well hey!  It's my dinner out and my review...so suck it up.   Sooo....It had a lovely crunchy top with berries and not gooey or jello like, perfect brulee. Mmmm. On to the restaurant itself.  The ambiance of the place is wonderful, very relaxed. The service is outstanding, our waiter was very attentive and not to pushy nor did he rush us at all! He gave us GREAT wine choices for our dinner and since it was my BF's b-day, Tre Wilcox (who yes, was also on Top Chef) came over to our table and signed a menu for him to take home. Oh and they're menu's change often....custom much??? Abacus earns all 5 stars....do they give gold medals in the restaurant business?? Something to ponder... Till next time Lobster shooters, I'll be dreaming of you and your addictive deliciousness.
<review# 1869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2009,8/14/2009,90,154,6,8,6>I love a good blow.  Who doesn't?I realized that LA is just too far to go to get my haircut, my ends were split, my color fried and I was feeling all around blah.  My friend goes to Kyle religiously, and I took a chance.  I love love love it!For $48 (great price, btw), I got a fantastic cut, some tips on maintaining my curly locks and great chat time with Kyle.  I called 2 weeks ago for an appointment and he was booked out until mid-August, which was kind of a bummer.  I got on the cancellation list and was called within a week and a half to come in.  Yay!The place is nice, right in the heart of Lakewood and is totally un-snobby.  It's comfy and the people there are awesome.  I go back in September for color:  I'll let you know how it goes.
<review# 1870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2009,8/13/2009,232,63,8,8,7>After reading the great reviews on this here restaurant I decided to make a trip over for lunch and yippie kayay motherf**er! Chow me up! I'm not even sure if that makes sense but it doesn't matter because this place is good, if real cowboys ate food like this then that's just another reason why they were cool.The restaurant itself is designed to look somewhat like a Wild West saloon with signs advertising shows and mounted buffalo heads on the wall (one had a wedding veil on so apparently they got hitched at some point). There are lots of tables and booths and there appeared to be a bar in the back area.After taking a gander at the menu I decided upon the quesadillas, one chicken, one brisket, (these were on the new "recession menu" which has lunch items all priced at $7), the watermelon iced tea, and a chocolate chip cookie ice cream sandwich for desert. As I sat there drinking the delicious iced tea, waiting for my meal, a police officer comes in (good sign of tasty food) and sits at the booth next to me, I turn and look at him and I sh*t you not his sidearm has mother of pearl grips on it, I thought he was part of the show until he ordered the brisket sliders.  Anyway, my food comes and I start with the chicken quesadilla which is good but nothing too special. The cowboy caviar it came with is really good, black beans and corn.  After the chicken one I pick up the brisket one and take a bite and hot diggity dang it is freaking good! I wanted to grab that cop's pearly white pistol and pump a few rounds into the ceiling because I hear that's what they used to do back then when they approved of something. Seriously, the brisket is so tender and flavorful, I highly recommend getting one of the items with it in there.  To finish off the meal the homemade ice cream sandwich came out and it was wonderful. All in all this place is fantastic and I will be moseying back for dinner at some point . BTW - my meal came to a total of $12.99, if you think that is too expensive then you probably shouldn't be eating out in Dallas, no offense.
<review# 1871,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/12/2008,8/12/2009,384,355,11,13,10>Huge Indian BOOBS!  That's what I was sitting under as I ate the Taj Mahal's lunch buffet yesterday.  I didn't mind it though, it was a great conversation piece.  As was the food.  My girlfriends and I discussed how much we love naan- fresh hot, naan.  This was part of the problem, though.  While delicious, they could not keep the buffet stocked with enough naan.  There wasn't a problem with any of the other dishes, though. The selections included salad and various sauces (mint chutney and tamarind were my picks), some fried potato thingies (aloo tikka maybe), chicken curry, vegetable curry, two rices, madras soup (tomato), mushroom soup,  meatball thingies, saag paneer (spinach), and two or three other dishes.  They also had two desserts- Gulab Jamun (pastry balls in honey syrup, and a rice pudding.Everything was pretty good but not outstanding.  But well worth the price, around 10 buckaroos (including tax) for the buffet.  I'd go back but I'll seek out other places first...
<review# 1872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,8/11/2009,274,703,10,10,11>My first few months in Dallas, I found the c-town area on Greenville in Richardson. I was working my way through various Chinese restaurants in search of my "go to" Chinese spot. One day, while I was content just sipping on my taro milk tea at the boba place in the same plaza as First Chinese, I noticed a couple of people wheeling out a whole roast suckling pig out to the back of some guy's car. Holy roast pig Batman! I tossed aside my boba and ran outside to get a better glimpse. Anyplace that serves up whole roast suckling pig I gotta check out. It was early for dinner, about 4pm, but I went two doors down to First Chinese. The first good sign of any decent Chinese place? It's own duck and pork holding rack. Go to any respectable Chinese joint in Monterey Park or Flushing and you'll see these delectable delights hanging from their window. It's like their calling card - nuff said. The interior is actually a lot cleaner and more pleasant than many Chinese dives I've visited. I could bring my parents here or even a date. I've brought a posse of 20 something people here with no reservations on a busy weekend and we usually all get seated in 5 minutes or less so I'd even recommend for larger groups. Bring the rents, cousins, ex girlfriends, mechanic... The food is awesome. I would rate it on par with the Chinese food you'd expect to get from LA, SF, or NYC. You can read all the other reviews for details on the food. The portions are indeed enormous. I've never left paying more than $12 feeling so full with left overs in tow. This place is BYOB, Cash Only. First Chinese is where I always go to in Dallas to cure my Chinese fix.
<review# 1873,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2009,8/10/2009,213,499,9,14,13>So I was specifically craving a bagel sandwich for lunch yesterday and as I rack my brain to think of the best place to get one, the infamous Carmen's comes to mind and I convince Angela G. to check it out with me.  So we get there and notice the full name of the place is actually Carmen's Bagel Cafe and Italian Deli.  They have bagels for breakfast and for purchase but there are no bagel-related items on their lunch menu; it consists of sandwiches, paninis, mostly italian type stuff.  It all sounded pretty good actually but I really wanted a bagel sandwich.  The lady at the counter said they could "probably" substitute it out for my bread (I just thought this was weird because in my head, I had thought this place was like all bagels all the time).  She seemed kind of out of it...she had to go ask what the soups of the day were and when she came back two seconds later she had to strain to remember them.  Perhaps a bad day?So anyway, it all ended up being simple and I got the #2 on an onion bagel, and aside from the fact that I don't enjoy deli mustard, it was DELICIOUS.  Mainly because the bagel was DELICIOUS.  I would absolutely come back for more bagels.  There is much of the menu left to be tried so I may be back when I'm in the mood for more Italian style stuff.  If I drank coffee, I would probably also enjoy the table of free flavored syrups.  More likely I will be back for bagels first.I must also mention that Jason totally recognized us and came out to introduce himself.  Slightly unexpected but hey, it made me feel famous-ish., haha.
<review# 1874,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2008,8/9/2009,169,220,2,8,6>Best macaroni and cheese in town. Really. I didn't have a clue what I was missing until today. The mussels have always stolen the show for me.Anyway, back to the mac - strozzapretti noodles (the kind of curly, braided ones), Gruyere and Fontina cheeses, bechamel sauce, topped with breadcrumbs and Parmesan. It was piping hot, perfect portion, quite possibly the best macaroni and cheese I've ever had...This place also has a killer house salad - bibb lettuce with a house made vinaigrette. Normally I pair the Mariniere mussels with a house salad. It's a perfect meal.This is definitely one of Lombardi's bests.
<review# 1875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2009,8/8/2009,25,86,5,7,5>Came here for the first time over the weekend for a friend's birthday party and was pleasantly surprised! Really great atmosphere - dark and cozy without feeling too much like a cave... this is definitely going to be a nice place to hide out when the weather turns colder. And there's a HUGE backyard with lots of picnic tables and Christmas lights... kind of like a cleaner, newer, smaller Lee Harvey's yard without the dogs or fire-pits. You still with me??Anyway, the drinks were great, the service was friendly and although we didn't get a chance to try one - I saw a few pizzas pass by and they looked pretty amazing!! Here's my only beef with the place: When we first strolled in around 10:00-ish, the place had a nice crowd, but wasn't packed. There was a nice variety of people and everyone seemed pretty chill and laid back. We spent most of our evening outside, so I was a little shocked when I walked in to get a drink about an hour later to find what looked like an SMU fraternity mixer. Seriously. Isn't this place a little off the beaten path to be an SMU bar?? Hmmm...The verdict (in my opinion) is that this will be a great weeknight or weekend DAY bar, but I don't think we'll be making many more Friday or Saturday night appearances. We'll be back soon to try that pizza though... yum!
<review# 1876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2009,8/7/2009,92,346,8,10,9>Walked in on a Saturday afternoon, went right upstairs, and was greeted at the top by a crowd of salespeople waiting to help me.  One of them took me on as his "project" and sat me down and analyzed my old shoes.Tip #1: Wear (or at least bring) your old shoes when you go in to buy new ones.  They'll look at the wear pattern on them and use that to determine what shoe (or insole) you need.He showed me a not-too-ugly (but not-too-cute) pair of shoes and declared that these would be my new pair.  I was prepared to buy something horrendously ugly, so I sighed and nodded.  Better than I had imagined.  Then he said those magic words: "Oh, and it also comes in these two other colors."  Hallelujah!!He laced them up for me and sent me on their "track" for a walk and jog.  Told me to wear them for a while and then come back in if I'm having pain along the inside of my leg anywhere for a quick insole fix.  For a cute, well-fitting shoe, that's definitely a can-do.Tip #2: Be prepared to spend a lot of time here.  Not so much waiting to be helped as being helped.  They'll take a lot of time with you to explain why they're putting you in the shoe they're putting you in, and they'll answer all your obscure questions patiently.  There's no sense that you're being rushed out the door.I've always been a Luke's customer and have never gone to Run On, so I can't make any comparisons, but Luke's has made me such a happy customer...I don't see any reason to look elsewhere!Tip #3: If you buy new shoes in February or March (the guy I talked to was unsure which month exactly), you can bring in your old ones and donate them to the Katy Trail for a 10% discount on your purchase.  (You can donate your old shoes any time, but they only give a discount during those months.)
<review# 1877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2008,8/6/2009,462,279,14,14,15>I have to second Nickie's opinion of Medallion Discount Liquor.  This place rocks!Since alcohol pricing is so similar at liquor stores, I'm not very partial to one single store.  I stop by the store that I happen to be closest to, which doesn't usually include Medallion.  But I had a craving to try boozed up egg nog and was told that I had to try Pennsylvania Dutch and that I would definitely find it at Medallion.Not only did I find what I was looking for, I managed to stock up on a few other necessary items and knock out 2 of my Christmas present recipients.  I obviously looked a little lost trying to figure out what to get and a very kind lady - owner possibly? - stopped what she was doing and spent 10 minutes with me making sure I had everything I needed.  She literally walked me through each and every purchase, giving me suggestions for quality items in my price range.  She then instructed the brand new cashier to help me to my car with my purchases.Yes, booze is booze.  But finding superb customer service makes all the difference in the world.Btw, the Pennsylvania Dutch egg nog was fucking phenomenal and is completely responsible for the extra 5 lbs. I'm now carrying.  ;)
<review# 1878,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/20/2009,8/5/2009,140,90,9,12,8>Milo's is a great dive in the Dallas area if you want to get a cheap pitcher and sit around with friends and watch a game, play pool, foosball, darts etc. Yes, there are dbags there, but you're going to run into that in most places, especially this area of the metroplex and the concentration here is way less than most bars in Uptown.  Good bar food, I tried the nachos when a friend ordered them and they're pretty delicious, the fries are good and everything seems to be made pretty fresh. The beer is cheap as hell; a pitcher of Shiner was $8 or $9 on a Friday night and when the first one had a lot of foam, the dude who served it to me brought another half pitcher out to me and my friend to make up for the foam.Super nice and efficient staff and lively atmosphere make Milo's a great place to hang out. If you don't like loud, drunk young people playing flip cup and generally running amok, avoid it on Thursday nights as it is the league bar for the Thunder division of WAKA (World Adult Kickball Association). Also, the bathrooms are pretty terrible, so if you can't grin and bear it, you'll either have to hold it or find another place to relieve yourself.
<review# 1879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2009,8/4/2009,259,232,12,12,14>Oh. My. Gawd. Look at my butt. It's SO BIG. Because I eat the cinnamon rolls here, duh??!!Judging by the sign alone, I could tell this place and I were going to be soul mates. Soul food mates, if you will.The place is magical mixture of grandma's kitchen, Crazy Cousin Joe Bob's garage, and a greasy spoon diner where everyone knows your name.Come for breakfast or lunch--I believe they close at 2. Also, they run out of stuff fast! I got there at 11:45 and they were already out of bread pudding. Sucky. HOWEVER. The sides are little bowls of greasy heaven. I got five sides for $7.25. Hotcha! What were they? Well...Broccoli salad: old-fashioned mixture of broccoli, mayo, raisins, and nuts. Cute and crunchy: just like grandma.Cornbread stuffing: creamy, rich, gravy-likeCandied yams: Intense, sweet, molasses all up in your grillMixed greens: you can taste the bacon all up in those collard greensMac'n'cheese: a mysterious shade of yellow I have never seen before. Nonetheless, sign me up!Let us not forget the yeasty buttery rolls and cornbread served at the beginning. And then there's the infamous cinnamon roll....Huge, forbidding, swimming in a pool of yellow, salty butter. Did someone say cardiac arrest? Hotcha again!Mecca deserves a sixth star because the waitress (Melissa, my new BFF) called me "Red" and had the entire diner sing me Happy Birthday. And then brought me a Cinnamon Roll with a candle.Mmm Mecca. I tear up just thinking about it. 'Twas truly a religious experience.
<review# 1880,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2009,8/3/2009,226,292,17,15,14>After very little convincing, me and the girlfriend met up with fellow Yelpers Samantha D. and Chad B. to see why they were so in love with Pizzarella.I now understand.We got there around 9 so it was pretty dead inside, but they encouraged us to have a seat, have a beer and take our time with figuring out what we want to eat. Well, you don't have to tell me twice. You certainly don't have to tell me twice when the beers are $2 for a gigantic mug. Yea, you read that right. Two-mother-effing-dollar-beers. And these weren't little piddly glasses either. They were big, filled to the brim (with beer, not foam) ice cold mugs. And I don't think I can say this enough. . .for $2.OK, mini-fit over. . .on to the food. We were assured the calzone would be big enough to split so we opted for chicken (diced chicken, ricotta, mozzarella and tomato sauce) with extra sauce on the side and, at Samantha D's request, garlic butter on the side as well.First of all, this thing was massive. Part of me was glad we decided to split it, but part of me was sad I didn't get my own so I could have some for lunch today. The calzone was piping hot with a nice dusting of salt and parmesan on the outside of the buttered dough (which led to incessant finger licking on my part. . .maybe it's a good thing we were the only ones in the place). The inside was a traffic jam (in the best way) of cheeses, sauce and diced chicken. This thing weighed at least 4lbs and it only cost $10. . .seriously, where's this place been all my life?We developed a pretty awesome way to enjoy the calzone: First scoop all the cheesy, chicken goodness out of the inside of the bread, eat it with a fork making sure to dip each bit into the sweet, tangy tomato sauce (finally an Italian restaurant that's heard of basil and oregano!). Next, tear off little bits of the breading and submerge them in the heavenly garlic butter sauce. Then, lick you fingers. Finally, stop crying because it's so good and compose yourself. . .you're in a restaurant and they're going to cut you off if you don't knock it off. Repeat. The garlic butter makes the meal. . .I don't know what it is about it. They haven't reinvented the wheel with it by any means, but for some reason it's just so darned delicious that we had a serious dinner table debate about bathing in it (we're fun people). Pizzarella is my new pizza spot of choice. They even said they'd deliver to me even though I'm a hair outside the normal delivery zone. Of course, with $2 beers, why the hell would I want to order in? Definitely check this place out.
<review# 1881,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,8/2/2009,443,598,6,8,10>After having watched at least two of my Yelp friends eat a Yellow Curry Fried Rice dish, I had to try it out for myself. Having been my first time to order this I don't know if was the best around town or not, but it sure tasted damn well good. I need to start expanding my horizons in the area of Thai food. I think I'm still a bit emotionally scarred from a bad experience from another Thai joint a long while back.I got my food to-go so I could eat while watching some shows at home, but around 6PM this place was dead. Inside it's really clean and nicely decorated and they have free wi-fi. Some of the bored server chicks were watching some Thai show on their lappy (my word for laptop). Maybe their customers were next door? PS. I find it hilarious that this place is right next to a massage parlor. Let the jokes begin!
<review# 1882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,8/1/2009,30,78,5,6,6>I was supposed to try this place out a few months ago, but the girls I invited to go with me got pregnant. Then i got in a workout rut this week and I decided to go to The Girls Room to take the Rock N Pole class. The Rock N Pole class is not a real pole dancing class, but it uses the pole as a prop. It's more like a "Dance Like The Pussycat Dolls" class, and it was super fun.  I was a little intimidated when i walked in because i was all in my normal workout gear and dorky ponytail, and there were all these girls with their long pretty swishy hair, hoop earrings and little booty shorts. As long as you bring your attitude, you'll be ok. Plus, the comraderie is pretty great among those who take the class. It's very obvious that the students are having fun, letting loose, and feeling pretty sexy.The class starts with a warm up and a pretty kick ass abs work out. Then you learn a routine for the duration of the class. The routine that we learned this week was all about working the hair...girls, you know what I mean! Picture any Britney Spears' video...I woke up with a sore neck; i guess i was feeling it!The only downfall is that it is kind of expensive - $25 for a 1 hour class. This is about $10 more than i normally pay for dance or yoga classes.
<review# 1883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2009,7/31/2009,239,468,5,10,10>Whats a girl to do with 5 hyperactive kids and a dog who are hot and sweaty bunched together in a 700 sq foot apartment ? Get them the hell out of there as quickly as possible. The Soda Gallery was a great solution. I let each kiddo run wild in the store and pick out an ice cold soda while picking another six pack for home. I'm so glad there were toys in every corner because the kids didn't even notice the 'adult' pictures of burlesque girls or cartoons in provocative poses. We occupied the two round tables outside, popped our caps and drank to our hearts content. Ah quiet at last. There's a nice shady tree next to the tables and Eno's right across the street had a live band performing so the atmosphere was perfect for a lazy summer afternoon. Here's my feedback for the different sodas I got to sip: Fukola - tasted like RC Chocolate cream soda (beneath that it said Get Creamed!) - it was like drinking fuzzy chocolate milk, this would probably taste better if it was on the verge of being frozen Filberts Strawberry - more sweet than strawberryish Love Potion 69 - the label was hilarious but it tasted like pickles! Cool mountain razzberry - surprisingly this was my favorite. It had the perfect mix of fruit and fizz. Jolt Red eye - similar to big red California Honey Lemonade - if this had more lemon flavor in it I would have drowned myself in its deliciousness but it was too sweet for my taste Overall the damage to my pocket was about $27 for 12 bottles and 5 happy kiddos.
<review# 1884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,7/30/2009,290,376,9,13,13>On this Tuesday morning, the market was practically empty; more room for me to move around and check out all the goods. The staff was very friendly and glad to see someone wandering around.The market space is very small, in contrast to the greenhouse/flowers/plants area. For now, the space seems dedicated to gardeners, rather than foodies. But, what was offered in food items was impressive. I purchased East Texas tomatoes which look just wonderful (haven't eaten one yet) and priced comparably to the Dallas Farmers Market. Also, a very large Hass Avocado, priced less than DFM. Cabbage and Noonday Onions (oh boy, the really sweet ones) also reasonably priced.  All the items I purchased were certainly less than grocery store prices. There were cherries, grapes, peaches, pears, apples, bananas, a nice variety of other veges; squash, zucchini, potatoes, lettuce, peppers, etc. While the selection is small, everything appears so fresh and just off the truck. Also, the variety of preserves/jams/sauces/dressings, etc is quite extensive, all in pint jars, ranging from $5.99 to $7.99.  Pretty comparable to other venues where I have found the same products.  Got home and couldn't believe I forgot to purchase my favorite fig jam.  An excuse for another trip back.Didn't purchase any plants, but wandered around mentally checking prices, and they are definitely lower than a Calloway's Nursery, some even less than Home Depot or Lowes. Enormous selection in this area, and beautiful quality plants, flowers and hanging baskets. Glad to have this place much closer than driving to South Dallas. I will be back!
<review# 1885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2009,7/29/2009,29,20,7,9,7>yummy yummy in my tummy.i've dined here 3 times in the last two weeks.  The breakfast tacos are to die for.  Really.  I think I seriously would...oh, but wait, then I couldn't eat any more....   I am a breakfast taco whore and finding a simply good one is hard to find.  So finding an AMAZING one has made me a whore for the Taco Joint.  I think my fav is the egg, cheese and black bean..mmmmmm.  Two kinds of shredded cheeses all melted into perfectly scrambled eggs and a warm soft tortilla is the base for all of their breakfast tacos.  Then add what you want from their list of ingredients:: chorizo, bacon, potatoes, black beans, and others i'm forgetting...  but i DON'T forget the self serve salsa bar featuring tomatillo and rojo salsas AND jalapeno ranch!  So.  Good.  And the staff is awesome.  I took my daughter there before school one day for breakfast... and ended up going back at lunchtime with my mom.  They remembered me from that morning..(EVEN my name!) and gave us free chips and salsa calling me the customer of the day!  LOL!!Speaking of lunch..I had an Evan and a Lester.  One vegetarian and one chicken fajita.  Both were fabulous dahling. This is a definite "must try" place on my list.  So go and become a whore like me.
<review# 1886,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2009,7/28/2009,147,117,10,11,11>When someone asks you to go to lunch at a place that has free beer......Ummmm, i can't even talk about what happens......but it's great.  I didn't believe him, but when we walked in the door, there was the sign "We have the best beer in the world, FREE".  Only two beers a person, but who cares, when you have friends show up, and their boss is there.....that means 4 beers per person.  That's right Fat Daddy, we out smarted yo ass!The smallest burger they had was 1/2 pound, you gotta dig that.  For some reason, i opted for the chikcen fried steak sandwich today, and I'm glad i did.  The piece of meat they slapped on there was twice the size of the bun.  It looked like that pic on the internet, of the fat chick sitting on the little bity guy, where you could barely see any part of him.  What's that spell?  AWESOME!  So i go pick up my meal, and there is nothing doning the top of my meat(ha, just picked up on the funny there, while proof reading), and i give a puzzled look.  Then the girl behind the counter points me over to the "do it yourself, and any way you want"(roar!) station.  They had it all, every condiment know to man and Chipotle style as well.  Pickles, pico, lettuce, tomato, onions, as far as the eye could see!  I put everything but the kitchen sink on top, with a side of ranch, and that sandwich was delectable.  Toasty bun, tender meat, and all the fixins darlin.  The fries were decent, a little over seasoned, but as a whole this place is a winner.  There's even an arcade, so bring your fun...you know, that tiny little version of yourself that is way funner(it's a word) than your actual self.There's a bell on a string, on the way out, that says "ring if you had great service"....I slapped the hell out of that thing.
<review# 1887,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2009,7/27/2009,281,210,6,21,16>If you like your salsa (dancing) spicy, come here. Ay ay ay! Mambo Cafe is a guaranteed good time. I went in December with a huge group of people on a Friday and it was fun, fun, fun. Here's the breakdown of their nights:Thursday: $1 margaritas for mujeres. $3 wells for everyone. Hip/hop music so sag those jeans, fellas!Fridays and Saturdays: Free salsa dancing lessons from 7:30-9 and no cover for ladies until 11.Also, there's a nice mix of merengue and salsa music from a live band. Between sets, a dj plays awesome, fun non-salsa dance musicSundays: I've never been on a Sunday but they are called "Sensual Salsa Sundays" so I'm definitely going to go. Also, $1 margaritas all night! It's really fun, colorful, safe and great people-watching. My co-worker ballroom dances and comes here with her boyfriend a lot because it's spacious and the live music is incredible. There are a lot of latinos, too, which is great for me. I was a Spanish major in college and love mingling with native speakers.
<review# 1888,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2008,7/26/2009,193,345,11,12,10>Dude.  I was already a huge fan of VT's but had never eaten there.  Although I have spent many nights dreaming of the chicken and waffles and honey butter biscuits.  Cause I'm a Southern girl, and nothing spells lovin like a big ol pile of grits.  Anyway, last nite I recruited a partner in crime for some Wednesday night shenanigans, and as he was posing the question of "where shall we..." I jumped right in with a pre-meditated "HEYWHYDONTWEGOTOVICTORTANGOSANDMAYBEEATSOMECHICKENNWAFFLES???"  It worked.  I was disappointed to see that the biscuits are no longer on the menu, but I did have another Pepper Smash (who is the genius who thought of creating a drink that tastes like a bell pepper? I would have killed the idea in 2 seconds flat in a brainstorming session, but WOW - I'm a fan!) and the chicken and waffles I had been yearning for.  Usually, when I want something really bad for a really long time, I build it up in my mind too much so that when I finally get it I'm immediately disappointed.  (Kinda what I think would happen if I finally bedded Johnny Depp) But not in this case.  In this case, I can't say ENOUGH how the chicken and waffles were actually better than I even could have imagined.  So good that, when I couldn't come CLOSE to finishing the generous portion and the bartender suggested I take them to-go (which I stand vehemently against taking food to go -unless it's pizza of course- as the leftovers pile up in my fridge and never get eaten and then I have to clean it all out...plus, usually whatever I'm eating is never healthy and it's probably better if I limit myself to all I can stuff in on site and not relegate myself to finish the second half of the rich, calorie laden meal on a later date...but I digress)  I said OF COURSE!  I had another drink (the French 75 this time, YUM) and then closed out and headed to the cock and bull where I could smoke cigarettes and play songs on the jukebox until my heart's content.  All the while, my to-go box of chicken and waffles in tow.  Just when I was thinking what the hell, I'm never going to eat this - it's probably soggy anyway - I ordered my 4th or 5th glass of red wine and called it a night.  When I got home, instead of putting the to-go box in the fridge immediately, I opened it up to show my dude what was in this box I had been carrying around - and had a bite. and then another.  and another.   I'm telling you, it was even better several hours later - I'm sure the overconsumption of alcohol had nothing to do with that!  So, if you don't know what to get that special person on your list this year...take them to Victor Tango's and buy them a hot plate of - you guessed it - CHICKEN AND WAFFLES! Oh. My. God.
<review# 1889,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2009,7/25/2009,120,67,8,7,7>My *Elite* Yelp friends and myself went here last night, so you know... just by gracing this place with our presence gave this place at LEAST 3 stars. Honestly, if I could rate this place by my company alone, I'd give it 5 stars, alas... this is a restaurant review.The servers were very friendly, quickly refilled what needed to be refilled and were genuinely NICE. ^.^ They didn't mind helping this gringa refill her drink one little bit! My friends, THAT is good customer service.They took our drink orders right away (most impressive) and placed a bowl of fresh tortilla chips on our table and a plate of 3 different chip dipping sauces. I don't know what they were, but the light green one was amazing, had a familiar taste, but I couldn't quite put my finger on it. It was mild with a slight kick, but it was oh-so-good. The red and dark green salsas were good as well, but I focused on my salsa. Yes, I have laid claim to it, back off. Now, to the real food...Since Dallas Yelp is so keen on brisket tacos, I saw "Nano" which had a description of "Our own special brisket tacos, prepared in the traditional way." So, basically, I had no idea what to expect, but I was willing to try because brisket is just darn good. I wasn't disappointed! A huge plate with 3 corn tortillas wrapped around yummy, juicy brisket that rivals my Mother's... with melted cheese and grilled onions (I was sure to remove the onions, but my fellow Yelpers that tasted the 1 taco I did not eat seemed to like it ^.^). The tacos were accompanied by refried beans with melted cheddar cheese on top (was not touched), mexican rice with a blob of guacamole and sour cream with a dash of paprika to add to the tacos - I say blob in the best possible way! The guacamole was pretty good, but sorry - you just can't take away from the brisket, it was like adding nothing to it because the brisket was THAT GOOD. It was so good I didn't even notice the juice/grease dripping on my plate and if you know me... that kind of thing freaks me out. Hopefully I've convinced you of how amazing the brisket tacos were...
<review# 1890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2009,7/24/2009,213,158,16,14,12>How can you not like a sushi place where the famous chef is walking around throwing up double thumbs up...calling you a movie star.....singing karaoke and urging you to do the same....and making sure we enjoy our meal by offering up all kinds of complimentary dishes......????HERRRROOOOO!!! You cant....thats how. This place is a keeper :)Started off a little rough with trying to find  seating for 18 people....with the staff speaking VERY little English....being handed like 5 different menus, VERY overwhelming....then being told they didnt have their liquor license yet.....BUT, soon overcame when we were informed that we could bring our own :) How convenient that there is a CVS & liquor store in the same building....magical, I say...I ordered a house salad with the ginger dressing to start off with. Let me ask you this...what would you expect when you order this....?? One of those TINY little salads in those tiny bows with that delish ginger dressing on top...right??? Well let me tell you what was placed in front of me....a freaking HUGE salad with a much tangier, and even a little spicy, dressing drizzled all over it. I swear they were pumping more salad on my plate from under the table, cause this thing was bottomless!!! I think the entire table had some at one point...bravo, Sushi World...that delicious salad alone could have fed me..ha!I also had the Crunch roll and the Texas roll....both awesome. I was watching other patrons enjoy their sushi and sashimi...and i cant wait to go back for that!!!! We also got to taste the Special House Roll....FRIKKIN AMAZING!!! And some crazy roll covered in scallops and shrimp and a sauce that burned all the taste buds out of my mouth it was so spicy, but still so tasty! Im not a true Texan, but I'm sure you home grown peeps would love that one!Great Service. Amazingly fresh and flavorful Sushi. Large portions for decent pricing. PRECIOUS LITTLE MAN IN TALL WHITE HAT! Horry Cow....Why aren't you in there yet??? No seriously.....GO!
<review# 1891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2009,7/23/2009,87,31,9,9,8>Nothing like a true hole in the wall experience at none other than 'Hole in the Wall."  I took an adventure with my boss to buy a new car at Dallas BMW.  After 3 hrs of waiting I was FAMISHED so the nice little ol lady behind the desk directed me to the Hole in the Wall, within walking distance and located off Harry Hines and 635. I had zero expectations, and I figured it was better than eating my arm due to my precarious, and car-less state as my boss continued her purchase.I walk through the doors and peruse the menu, burgers, burgers, a BLT, and burgers.  Guess I'll be going for the burger, a Blue Cheese Burger (pleasant surprise!) and fries.  Apparently at 3pm they were out of their famous onion rings the little old lady told me about.  I got my boss a BLT (doesn't eat much meat but no veggie burgers or salads here).The ambiance was something else, dusty, dingy, dark an old arcade game and some torn bar stools and booths (LOVE it) -- two ladies in the kitchen were yammering on, a giant fan muffled the sound of their spirited conversation.  One saw me and ran right over saying 'I hope you wasn't waiting long, if you were it's your fault, just holler at my ass an I'll be right over.'  Lesson #1: Holler at her ass and you'll get served.Basically, it's an awesome burger, juicy, blue cheesy and lots of veggies on top (my boss enjoyed her greasy spoon BLT as well).  The fries were ok and crispy but could use some seasoning and it would've been perfect.  All in all, if you're down by Harry Hines and 635 and feel the need for a big ol burger, Hole in the Wall won't disappoint.
<review# 1892,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2009,7/22/2009,236,423,5,12,8>I stopped in at Marrakesh months ago to see if I could pick up a to-go menu and get a feel for the place. I've been dying to go back every since! I was treated with such courtesy and hospitality, and they served me some of their fantastic mint tea while I was there. Tonight Marrakesh lived up to my expectations and previous experience. The dining room is quiet and near-empty, with what I assume is Moroccan music in the background. The ambiance is great, the service is personable, and the food is stunning. I mean really. The shrimp appetizer didn't just have tender shrimp, it was also impeccably spiced. Even my European dessert (creme brulee) was delicately flavored with orange and was really different then anything I'd ever tried before. I loved the mint tea the first time I tried it, and this time I was surprised to see that when I opened the teapot to see what the spices looked like, it was filled with the actual little mint stalks and leaves... very fresh! The main dishes are HUGE and could easily be shared. I have fallen in love, and I will be back! Given that this place is usually close to empty, family run, and serves delicious upscale Moroccan, I definitely recommend that everyone give it a try.
<review# 1893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2009,7/21/2009,621,968,12,12,15>When a bar owner is at work early getting his bar ready for the evening party people and hears a bunch of drunk people walking by being loud and obnoxious, he does what any good bar owner should do: he comes outside and asks what is going on.  Then he says "$1 beers and well drinks for everyone!!"  Plus shots and lots of them.  The guy at Lost Society made our day by doing all of this.  He took us on a tour of the bar (um, rooftop patio with BEDS people), hooked us up with some insane strong drinks, and even turned on some tunes for our listening enjoyment.  The place sure looks different that it used to - they did a nice redo and it looks waaaay more swanky than it did!  I will definitely come back to party here on a weekend night since the guy totally made our day!!
<review# 1894,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,7/20/2009,100,86,15,14,12>The hubster was craving a burger.  When this happens, he gets a look in his eyes and can't be shaken from his trance-like state.  Think Isaac Mendez in Heroes, except instead of seeing a future where the world ends, the hubster sees a future filled with meat, cheese, fries, and shakes; everybody still dies in the end, but due to clogged arteries, not Peter Petrelli exploding in New York City.Using my Matt Parkman-like abilities, I searched the mind of Yelp and found Burger House.  Everything rocked; the service was fast, the food was fresh and yummy (juicy burgers, tasty fries and onion rings, and thick shakes).Burger House saved the day, but as we all know, burger cravings always return with a Sylar-like ability... so we'll definitely be back (after a 3 month mid-season hiatus, of course).
<review# 1895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2009,7/19/2009,207,393,8,11,7>Strengths: The core concept of the trail is magnifcent. Convert an abandoned rail line to a 'trail' (hence the term, 'rails to trails') is something we need more of. The trail is nicely paved with some sections of concrete/cement and some sections of rubberized track. It is marked every quarter mile so runners can time 1/4 mile splits and casual walkers can measure how far they have walked. There is easy access to the trail head at Reverchon or any of the strees that it crosses via bridge (but Reverchon park is kinda sketchy, so I recommend leaving anything valuable at home, not just in the trunk.) There are also a few water fountains, but there could be more. For example, at White Rock Lake there are fountains approximately every 1.5 miles. It is lighted, but I still would not go anywhere near that trail unless the sun is up. The people who run, walk, cycle, stroll, etc. on the trail seem pretty nice and there is a good cross-section. And finally, I am shocked when I come to the Knox Street crossing (and the ones farther into Highland Park). Cars actually stop IN ADVANCE! Yes, I am shocked when drivers in Dallas actually do what they are supposed to, but even after crossing that intersections dozens of times, I still can't believe that drivers stop. (They must be local and expect someone to be in or approaching the intersection.) The Katy Trail would be five stars except for the following weaknesses. No bathrooms. Granted, I haven't looked too closely for bathrooms at Reverchon, but even if there were, I wouldn't use them (unless I was looking for some glory hole strange). But I am sure there are no bathrooms on the trail. Also, irresponsible dog owners who let their dogs shit all over the trail ruin it for everyone. Do you think that giant dog turd will evaporate in five minutes? I might follow you home and take a dump on your porch sometime. Also, most of the cyclists have no clue what "on your left" means. Keep in mind that bicycles in Texas are vehicles and that trail is for pedestrians. Cyclists may use that trail but pedestrians always have 100% right of way. If you don't want to share, go ride on the roads as you are required to by law.Tip: In case you didn't know, from Mile 0 near the AAC all the way to the end is 3.5 miles. From the AAC to the SMU end is also slightly uphill the whole way, and then downhill when your turn around. Also, if you start at the AAC and get to the end and take a left on Airline Dr. and go straight north toward SMU, you will run right into the SMU track (which is almost always open) and add a few miles. Cross Mockingbird and the track is tucked in behind Ford Stadium.
<review# 1896,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2009,7/18/2009,895,667,7,23,15>I heard about Run On a couple of years ago on the radio.  I looked them up on the internet to check out what the place was all about.  After emailing one of the coaches I decided to join one of their six-week running classes.  I was assured that beginners were welcome with open arms.Before the class started I went and was fitted with shoes.  I tried on three different pairs that were chosen based on the way I walked, and the size of my foot.  I would have never known that you buy a bigger pair of shoes so that your feet have room to expand when you're running.I arrived for the first day of the running class with my new shoes on.  We walked over to SMU and ran a mile on the track.  We were told not to over exert ourselves, and keep a pace where we could carry on a conversation.  Based on how fast we ran that mile would determine which running group we would be put in.On the second day of class I found out I was going to be with Coach Renee.  She teaches the beginners class.  I give her much kudos!!!  She's so nice and wonderful, and a great motivator and will help you reach your running goals.The first two weeks of class we started out running for two minutes, walking for one minute, and then running for two minutes, repeat.  We did that for about 45 mins total.  If there were slower people in the group or people who couldn't run that long, it was okay.  We would do courtesy loops to loop back around to our teammates.  We stuck together as a group!  By the end of the 6 weeks class we got up to running four minutes at a time!!The biggest thing that Run On encourages is to have fun.  The coaches will tell you that over and over!!  And it is fun.  While you're running with your group we carry on conversations, and the coaches will teach you about posture and being relaxed while you run.  They teach you about safety and about proper clothing.  I had never heard of buying clothes that wick moisture away, and that made the biggest difference in being comfortable and staying dry while you run!!The goal for the 6-weeks is to be able to complete a 5K at the end.  Our group registered for one at White Rock Lake and ran it together with our coach.  It was a lot of fun, and we all felt a big sense of accomplishment when we were finished.Over the years I have resigned up for the 6-week classes.  I got up to being able to run for 8 minutes with a 1 minute break in between.  Unfortunately that was this past November, and I haven't run since.  I do plan on re-joining a class at some point in time, though!Run On is a really fun place even if you just go to get shoes or gear.  I highly recommend the running classes, though.  They have classes fit for any type of runner.  From beginners to people who want to run a marathon.  They are so much fun, and a great way to meet people too!!
<review# 1897,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2009,7/17/2009,322,339,25,22,21>Holy Hot Rock Massage, Batman!Quick Robin, to the Bat-Salon! There's not a moment to loose! Dana nana nana nana... dana nana nana nana... I stepped into Nail Special and I was skeptical at first. My last few excursions to new nail salons have proven to be treacherous, so I wondered; would this pedicure also be riddled with rotten polish? Would the Dynamic-Duo be nailed by shifty cuticles?  Wham!Kelly, the nail technician, got me in a massage chair and got my feet soaking right away. The massage chair kneaded knots as I noted that with all the regulars coming in, there surely mustn't be any poison in the polish here. The technicians said hello to everyone by name, by golly. Bam! Egads! What sorcery is this? After my feet were soaked and my cuticles attended too, Kelly gave my calves and feet a hot rock massage. She then proceeded to give me a calf and foot massage. For. A. Long. Period. Of. Time. Then my feet were wrapped in hot towels. This is when I said to myself, "Is this really only $26 dollars?" Someone tell the Riddler the fat lady just hit her high-note. Kapow! After my fabulous massage, my toenails were painted. I paid my $26, plus tip, and departed Nail Perfect. Color this callused reviewer impressed: no Joke, Nail Perfect is a perfect pedicure experience.Splatt!Careful, Robin! Both hands on the Bat-rope!
<review# 1898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2009,7/16/2009,18,17,7,10,7>I really like this place..it probably helps that it's right next to work.  If you're going to get a pedicure, definitely get the "baby butt." As yelped before, it's only $37 for a pedicure that will cost you $48 at Nail Bar...and Romie's will provide you with as much wine as you'd like.Here is the lowdown from a regular: You can either call in that day for an appointment or just walk in. I typically ask for Ada or Laura. Ada is better on the massage relaxation part (she used to rub EACH leg for like 20 minutes each) and Laura is really good at the making the feet pretty part.  Then I sit with my book in my massage chair with my book and my wine and just let them pamper.  *Side note*  ~I know it's sexist, but I just don't like a guy giving me a pedicure, so when I first started going I just said so---so if that's you, don't worry about saying it - it won't be the first time they've heard it.
<review# 1899,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2009,7/15/2009,139,83,12,11,12>Vapiano, which is more correctly written va piano, or "futuristic pasta place" in Italian, was definitely a surprise.  My first impression when I walked in the door with my usual lunch group of coworkers can be summed up in one word:  confused.  We were greeted by a hostess who handed us a credit card.  I was about to point in her face and laugh before running out the door to buy a bunch of stuff around town, but then she explained that you order your food, they scan your card and then you pay when you're done.  She showed me where to order and handed me a menu.  I have to admit it was a little awkward at first, but not as awkward as when my drunken prom date passed out in the middle of losing our virginity to each other when we were 16.  You tell them what you want at different stations designated for different types of food (pasta, salad, pizza), they scan your card, give you a vibrator (the "we'll-let-you-know-when-your-table-is-ready" kind not the "look-what-I-found-in-mom's-drawer" kind), and then you sit down and wait for them to prepare your food.  After we all ordered we had that strange feeling of when you try something new and you're not sure if you like it, kind of like the first time you tried Crystal Pepsi.  The good news is that the feeling of awkwardness gives way when you have your first bite of food.I liked it!  It kind of feels like a Pei Wei and has about the same quality of food, but Italian.   Their decor is also very naturally lit and open, with lots of fresh herbs growing everywhere.  I think they use those same herbs in their food -- cool!  Bottom Line:An unusual concept for ordering, but once you get around that the food is good.  A solid 4 stars.1.5 dollar signs.
<review# 1900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2009,7/14/2009,62,23,7,8,5>Three Words:  Flaming Dr. Pepper ShotsYes, I am easily amused and was jumping up and down like a child in a toy store when we rounded up enough people to order the flaming dr. pepper shots.  This is not your typical fire drop shot, this a full blown presentation of awesomeness... (make sure to not be a drunk dumbass such as myself and film it w/ it zoomed in and actually think you might have caught on fire for a split second, hahahaha)I love the uptown area in general, but am not an upptiy bar kind of girl, and I felt right at home with this place.  It's super chill, great wait staff and bartenders, and super strong drinks... which automatically gets an A in my book.As far as the overall sports bar goes, they have one pool table, but no dart or shuffle boards.  Now if they would add one of the two, if not both, Frankies would have 5 stars.
<review# 1901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2009,7/13/2009,18,56,5,9,5>We have a winner.  Need a cozy spot for your midweek Thai fix?  Ginger Thai is your new place to eat.  Royal Thai too crowded?  Asian Mint too far away?  Meet your Lakewood/East Dallas Thai Huckleberry.It occupies a tiny storefront between Sols and Lover's Pizza.  It has a temporary banner in lieu of a permanent sign at the moment.Inside it's a small, sparsely decorated nondescript interior.  The food matches: no frills but it is very good.The flavor wasn't off-the-charts mindblowing.  However, both my wife and I agreed that the meat (both chicken and beef) was surprisingly fresh and high quality.  My problem with Asian Mint, Royal Thai, and most Asian restaurants is the quality of the meat is usually mediocre at best.  Not so at Ginger.  We ordered the Spicy Noodles (Pad Kee Mao) with beef, Spicy Peanut w/ chicken, and Thai Herbal Chicken.  All delivered.  I will say, their "spicy" ain't spicy.  Not close.  They were doing a nice business inside the restaurant and their take out was very brisk.  Might have to give that a try.It's BYOB... so it has that going for it... which is nice.
<review# 1902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,7/12/2009,308,111,6,14,10>This is it, everyone. This is where you want to go. For all you Taco Joint, Taco City, Taco 'Burb whatevers (sorry--I know this is blaphemous, but I'm only somewhat into Taco Joint. Its a'ight)--this place is BETTER.Really friendly people, too. It is located in Garland just east of  the Plano Road/Forest Lane intersection. Don't know what fast food joint it originally was, but now they have closed off the front two doors and installed a perfect rusty screen door on the side entrance so it *feels* like a Juarez dump.MAN OH MAN! We send sortees here from school when we really need a drink but can't because we're teaching school. These tacos are the next best thing. And yes, the brisket ones are freakin' phenomenal!! Its the kind that you bite into and then, while holding onto it with your teeth, you suck the juice out of the brisket meat like a crawdad head. It has just the right amount of fat, too. Hardly any, really, but enough to yield a great flavor.They also do your standard other breakfast tacos--egg, bacon, bean, chorizo and also fajita, lengua (tongue). Have great hot sauce to go with it.Plus, the day I finally went inside, English was spoken with no problem. We got laughed at a little for trying both of the front doors, which were permanently sealed. But no problem.Tacos cost $1.50 each.If you're in Big G (uh, Garland), hit these people up. QUA-lity.
<review# 1903,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2009,7/11/2009,126,176,12,15,11>Every issue of D Magazine I've seen has some blurb about Mi Piaci's reputation as the "Best Italian Restaurant in Dallas" or something of the sort.  Yep.  Pretty much.  The dining room is classy, and the fountain is oddly hypnotizing....oh wait, that was the wine.  Mi Piaci had a Kenny's-esque noise level; quiet enough to be heard, but noisy enough to make the atmosphere comfortable and chase away pretentiousness.  After pouncing on the bread plate (homemade slices with herb, whipped butter), we ordered seafood and tried to pick a red wine from the extensive selection.  And here is where the star-killing bomb drops. Our waitress, god bless her gorgeous soul, was naively unaware of my ridiculously-high waitress standards.  I asked for a wine recommendation, and she pointed to an $80 bottle.  Now mind you, it was Fuzz's birthday dinner and I was all for puttin on the ritz, but all of my wine classes have taught me this: If there's an $80 bottle, there's 3 $50 bottles that will taste as good or better.  I half-waited for her to suggest a lower-priced selection (as all good waitstaff usually do), half-waited to find a way to tell her "I'm not stupid, stop trying to rip me off," when she innocently asked, "Is there a budget you're trying to stay in?"Um, thanks for pointing that out so....eloquently. We finally did get a great red (at half the price) and indulged in salmon and seafood.  The food is superb, well-cooked and well-balanced.  Prices weren't too bad for the level of sophistication.  And the waitress made up for her wine taboo with great service.  Highly-recommended.
<review# 1904,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2009,7/10/2009,37,19,16,34,18>About 15 years ago, I heard rumor of a great swimming pool in Dallas. Word was that it was little known to the general public and allegedly located somewhere in the middle of the city. It was described as being "across the railroad tracks and down a dirt road" (didn't know we still had them) and totally hidden from view. The story continued that it was open to the public, had a bar and was a very cool place to hang out for those who could find it. Hating that I was not in on the secret (especially one so interesting), I searched. But with little to go on and in the pre-Internet days (yes, there was such a time), the fabled location could not be found. Over time, the rumor became a legend, faded from memory and was eventually forgotten. Fast forward to 2009, and the eureka moment happens. (For the record, I did not jump out of the bath tub and run naked down the street, although, I would had I been in the tub at the time.) A friend finally clued me in on the Fraternal Order of Eagles (a philanthropic society similar to The Elks Club) whose Aerie (that's what they call it) and its great swimming pool are located on Arturo Drive. I have confirmed that this indeed is the place I had sought.The FOE pool has probably been around since Elvis was svelte with only minimal decor changes in the last 25 years. It is located in East Dallas' Forest Hills neighborhood (that's the far south end of White Rock Lake and across Garland Rd) and it is definitely camouflaged. It is across the tracks, but the once dirt road is now paved. However, the driveway is a dirt/gravel combo (let's call it rustically charming). And, with it's heavily wooded surroundings, looks and feels more East Texas than East Dallas. The place is best described as Lee Harvey's with a swimming pool - and that's a really good thing! The crowd is diverse with a mixture of young professionals, FOE members, attractive hipsters, blue collar folk, tattoos like it's 1999, and several families all taking advantage of what is for all intents a large well-maintained backyard pool. Patrons range in age from three months to 73 years - all commingling and having a good time. This is one of those rare places where people of all stripes converge, relax and let it all hang out (sometimes regardless of the obvious aesthetic consequences). There is a full bar inside. Outside they serve beer for $2.00 - $2.75 each (Shiner in a can, y'all). They also grill hot dogs and burgers on the spot. There is a volleyball court, a playground for kids, a pool table and a great digital jukebox (one of the place's few mod cons) that plays music outside and in. (I selected White Stripes' "Black Math," Rolling Stones' "Bitch," Johnny Cash's "Ring of Fire" and "Amy Winehouse's "Back to Black" among many others.) There is also a large room that appears to be a social/dance hall.The admission for non-members is $5.00 for adults (seriously) and $3.00 for children. It is my understanding that a membership is ridiculously reasonable as well. Also, I have to compliment the FOE members and their auxiliaries (that's Eagle-speak for "wives") who are very nice and go out of their way to make sure everyone has a good time. Get there early because by noon all of the pool chairs will be claimed. You can also bring your own, spread a towel out on the lawn, or just pass out poolside like the rather loud lady did last week after taking ample advantage of the $2.50 beverages. There are also no life guards so parents must be vigilant.Nothing like discovering something that has always been right in front of you. Freakin' eureka!
<review# 1905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2009,7/9/2009,188,256,8,11,12>Truly AWESOME burger! I have been wanting to go to Angry Dog for almost a year now, and I finally made it last night.  All I can say is they really do make a solid burger.  I have been in love with Deep Ellum since the first time I drove down Commerce and saw the huge mural of the clinched fist exclaiming "Keep Deep Ellum Alive!" "OK," I thought,  "I had no idea it was dying, but fine." But Angry Dog is now my favorite place in the 'hood.  I was hoping for the perfect hotdog going in, but I think the burgers trump the dogs any day.  Looking over the menu, it's easy for a first timer to choose what to get after reading the long string of awards their burger, dogs, and wings have won.  My inner glutton said, "Get both, Burger and Dog! Will your way through it Dan!" Little did I know, each came with a huge serving of fries.  My wife quietly shook her head in shame as the food arrived, and I took a deep breath and went at it.  First bite of the burger, I knew I had chosen correctly.  Perfectly cooked meat, juicy and slightly pink in the center, slightly crispy on the outside from the grill, melted cheddar cheese, perfect blend of mayo and ketchup, grilled red onions, and a soft fresh bun, toasted in the center with a slightly buttery flavor.  Man, it was heaven.  One taste of this burger, and anyone of those Food Network watching culinary adventurers in that endless line at Twisted Root would give up their place and hop on over for a far superior burger at Angry Dog.  It reminded me of the perfect burger in a Memorial Day picnic.  One of the best in Dallas.  When my budding Yelper wife tried it she sat back and said, "Man! Thats a 5 star from me!" But the only reason I can't give this place 5 is because the hot dogs are not really the way I like them.  The dog is alright itself, and the chili is fantastic, but it is so smothered that it is impossible to pick up and the bun gets a little soggy after a bit.  I prefer to be able to two-hand my hot dogs, not cut them with a fork.  And the fries were just ok. Pretty standard, and could use a little work.  But in all, excellent food, especially the burger. If Deep Ellum did ever die, it would be a tragedy to see this place go.
<review# 1906,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2009,7/8/2009,28,62,11,33,17>The beginner's guide to Dim Sum. I got this idea while observing the white couple next to us. Oh, how I wanted to help the clueless, middle-aged, couple.We came here for father's day and of course the decor still remains the same. Just expect the traditional/authentic Chinese restaurant. It's pretty spacious with chandeliers and gaudy Chinese decor. Upon arrival you will notice a collage of recently married folks who had their reception at the restaurant.1). Expect minimal service during Dim Sum (which is from 10-3pm daily). We went on a Sunday and it was packed. For the first 15 minutes, we didn't even know who our server was. We were thirsty.2). Know that the people with aprons are the ones pushing the carts and the ones with the vest are your servers. It is a no-no to ask the people with the aprons for napkins, utensils, drinks, etc. Their primary job is to show you what they have and push their cart to the next table. DO NOT MESS WITH THIS FLOW.3). This is how pricing works. You have a pink sheet of paper. You have multiples price categories. The prices range from 2.25 to 5.75 a plate (of course this is an estimate). Once you choose a dish from the al la cart they stamp your sheet in the appropriate price category. Each cart is NOT arranged by price.4) It's okay if you don't know the names of the dishes. I have been going to dim sum and yum cha since I was a wee kid, and I still don't know all the names. They will lift the lids and point. You look, and if you like what you see, nod your head. Simple, right? Yes. Most of the servers usually speak either in Chinese and/or Vietnamese. English? If you're lucky!5) Don't ask for dessert. Wait patiently until the dessert cart comes to you. Again, DO NOT MESS WITH THE FLOW!6). Tip: Food taste better if you get the peppers in the container on your table and mix with soy sauce. Yes, it will mix like oil and water. It is still good.7) If you saw what you liked, but missed your chance...wait patiently. They will come back again.8). Sharing is caring. It's family style. That's how it works in our culture. It just means more room to try a different dish. If you like it, wait for the cart to come back and order some more. Just don't hog the steamer container for yourself...unless you want to. It's your prerogative.9). Yes, it is fine to ask for a to go box. Yes, the food will hold well, and it makes a good leftover.10). Once you are done with your meal, do not wait for the server. Just go to the front with your pink ticket and pay. There will be a large bowl of fortune cookies next to the register. Get some, you made it this far, and you deserve a cookie.What I recommend getting?1) I love the chicken feet here. Yes, that's right, I said it. The meat is very soft, but be forewarned there are multiple bones. The flavor is sweet with a nice touch of spiciness (imagine buffalo wings, but fee).2). Siu mai- I think this is the dumpling with pork and shrimp. Here, it's not as greasy as other establishments are known for. I think they did a great job on this dish.3). Shrimp dumpling (ha gao).  It has a nice balance of shrimp and rice flour. Eat it with soy sauce and red pepper sauce.4). Chao- or for you Anglos...rice porridge. In our Vietnamese culture there are two main types of rice porridge. One is more broth base and the other more creamy  base. Here, it is the latter. The bread that comes on top of the porridge is what makes this meal complete. It's fluffy, but a hint of crispiness. I would put pepper or soy sauce in the porridge because it was a bit bland for my taste. Anyways, it's a bit of a fresh air from all the other greasy foods.5). Get hot tea. It is a great complement to your food. Usually, you have an option between Jasmine and Chrysanthemum. I personally love the jasmine and think the smell of chrysanthemum is overpowering. Here, they just brought out jasmine without giving me options.6). Get the asparagus. It's delicious and healthy for you. Again, a nice complement to your other greasy meat products on your table.**************************************************­*****************************************Dinner. It is basically your regular dining experience. During dinner time the service is a lot better. Most of the time the manager comes over to make sure you are having a wonderful meal. However, the atmosphere is lacking. It's quite empty with the occasional two or three tables that are being occupied. Hence, the better service.THE BEST MEAL (very solid)- It's one of the specials on the back of the menu. This is specifically made for two people. It comes with pickled cabbage, boiled chicken, and my personal favorite: roast duck (the skin is very crispy and the meat is very tender. Mouthwatering.), a sweet brown sauce, flour rolls, and thin cut up scallions. Eat them together and slowly savor the flavors. DELICIOUS!
<review# 1907,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,7/6/2009,16,18,4,9,6>I was trying to make up for lost time with a special lady friend and my only bright idea was to take her on three dates in one day. Armed with only the knowledge that I wanted to give her a flower at the start of each date I barged into Surrey House and gave them my vague request. I had the fortune of being helped by Joyce, who seemed to be very knowledgeable. She picked out three different flower types, giving the advice to give the red rose on the last date. I like the way you think, Joyce. Each flower she picked was beautiful and she trimmed them up, wrapped them nicely in that paper stuff, and handed them over. She also added that "today was my lucky day and those flowers are on the house". Now I don't expect they broke the bank by giving me 3 flowers but that kind of generosity and personal service will guarantee I'll be spending money with them in the future and it pretty much made my day. Well, the dates helped too. Special lady friends come and go (usually for me they just go) but I'm hoping Joyce and Surrey House will be around forever.
<review# 1908,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2009,7/5/2009,3,21,5,7,5>I love this place! Granted the buffet is small, but what they offer is all that you could possibly want anyway. They have the best crabmeat rangoons so much so, that you will see someone sitting at their table with a plate full of them at some point during your visit.  If you're lucky you'll get enjoy the owner singing old songs while dancing around the restaurant. C'mon, you don't get that at just any buffet! Because the buffet is small they are constantly restocking it with freshly cooked food. They have sushi too, but I'm not big on that so I've never tried it. I have enjoyed the cold shrimp and it's de-lish! My only complaint would be that the ice cream is so watered down it's almost inedible. But do you really go to a chinese buffet for the ice cream?
<review# 1909,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2009,7/4/2009,148,98,7,11,8>I walked out of the Dallas Tortilla and Tamale Factory with 30 freshly made corn torts, homemade verde sauce and 2 dozen hand-rolled tamales...all for under $20.00. Talk about a Stimulus Package I can get on board with! 30 corn tortillas = $1.50  salsa verde = $1.35a dozen tamales = $7.50Not having to cook...PRICELESS! No supermarket in town can beat these prices! You could have your own tortilla maker, spend all day rolling masa and not get it any cheaper. And Javier behind the counter could not be any sweeter or more helpful. Go into the cafe for a sit-down meal, or take a dozen tamales to go. Either way you will have great food at an unbeatable price. Note: They also have tacos. (After my tour del taco stands this weekend I'm wondering why I ever pay more than $1.50 for a taco in Dallas.)
<review# 1910,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/7/2009,7/2/2009,1147,1223,7,14,10>Hehe now that I've glanced at my twins review..Anyway, I still hadn't tried this place out and was meeting up with an old Oak Cliff buddy so we went here.First impression, parking seems bad, but just go around the building, there is plenty--plus a map on the side of Beckley Brewhouse with detailed instructions.Next, walk in and the place is very cute and inviting. Love the walls, lamps, windows, etc.I ordered the red coconut curry. Eh. As many people have already mentioned, the noodles are still mushy and there's not enough sauce, not that you'd want it cuz doesn't have much flavor. Veggies included zucchini, broccoli, red bell pepper, carrots and..olives? It kinda weirded me out that they put olives in Thai-style food, but I after a few bites with and without them, it seemed they needed to be there to give the dish some salt it was lacking (thanks to no fish sauce prolly, an essential ingredient in s.e. asian food). My friend had the tacos and DAMN they were spicy..a dry on your tongue kinda spice, and yall all know I eat Korean food several times a week, but this was a diff kind of spice. It came with black beans, whatever "sour cream substitute" and guac. Impressive thing we noticed was how tasty and sturdy the tortillas were.Overall if you are  vegan/veggie/health concious/or just want to try something new, go for it! The prices are reasonable and it has a feel good vibe to boot! I prolly won't go back unless a friend wants to try it again, but I'm glad I got to try it this time.I also picked up a piece of blueberry pie cuz it looked so gooood and I will review later. The noodles filled me up!
<review# 1911,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2009,6/30/2009,231,448,9,8,10>I can't always make it to Uptown to visit the Ginger Man, but I'm never let down when I make the trip.  I joined some folks for a random Tuesday night out and, even on a weeknight, the crowds were out in full force.  Service was a bit slow that night, but our cute little waiter made up for it.  Like Andrea said, he actually looked a bit like Justin Timberlake & didn't seem to mind our overtly sexually harrassing comments.  Kudos to him for having a good sense of humor.  I started off with my typical Blue Moon, which might be a bit boring, but it was frosty & refreshing given the crazy heat outside.  But, thanks to the knowledgeable group I was with, I did manage to find a new beer I like that night... the Black Velvet.  Let's face it - mixing Guinness with anything is sure to make it tasty!  If you're brave, make sure you try the fire chips.  Because honestly, we have too many taste buds anyway, so you might as well weed out the weak ones with some fierce spice.If you can snag the upstairs room or patio, do so.  They're the best locations if you have a group of people you're hanging with for an evening.  Whether it is happy hour or just a chance gathering with good friends, the Ginger Man will not disappoint!
<review# 1912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2009,6/29/2009,199,275,6,7,7>Thursday night and visions and margaritas and queso were dancing, not just dancing but freaking clogging, through my head. My only tried and true solution: the Blue Goose.I met some friends there with a mission in mind - queso and margarita me, please. I promptly ordered a margarita meltdown with Midori. It was what I wanted.Queso was tasty but not as good as I remember. My meal was fantastic.The sour cream chicken enchiladas were amazing as were the sides.All in all, food was just as good as I remember. And our server? Fanastic! Hi, Bishop!My problemos: Where were my warm, freshly churned-out flour tortillas? The one in Plano smacks 'em down on the table as soon as you walk in. It was Thursday and house 'ritas and queso were $3 a pop. My meltdown was $7.50 and the same size as the house 'ritas. As a former server, I always always always tried to save people money. If there was a way that they could get what they wanted without spending more money, I was all for sharing the secret. I paid an extra $4.50 for a shot of Midori? WHEN I COULD HAVE HAD ANOTHER MARGARITA? For shame, B! I guess it's my fault too. Aside from that, everything else was on-par. Mission Queso and Rita: Accomplished.
<review# 1913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2009,6/28/2009,251,161,9,15,12>I was totally expecting to barely tolerate this place...but my apprehensions proved false....yay!! I live for yummy Indian food!Initially, I was mostly afraid it would all be too Westernized.  However, everything tasted pretty authentic or at least pleasing to the palate except the tikka masala...probably diners should stay away from that but everything else especially the curries and veggies were delicious!  I am still thinking about how good the Tandoori chicken turned out, completely tender and succulent.And, I was pleasantly surprised at the greatness of their mango lassi.The ambiance is stylish and trendy yet laid back enough that you can really enjoy yourself and the wait staff is very attentive.We ate buffet style so the meal was more than filling and the variety you get to choose from just makes your delightful dining experience all the more FUN.My first time here has convinced me I need to schedule a return visit pronto if only to try Leslie P.'s aforementioned Mango Margarita.
<review# 1914,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,6/27/2009,22,22,6,6,5>A friend of mine had been raving about this place for going on a year, so I thought I would check it out one night I was dining solo. At 8PM on a Saturday, I couldn't get anywhere near the door to this place, so I headed somewhere else and mentally filed it away for someplace to try during off-hours.A couple of months later, once again craving Thai (like I do), I hit it up again during the afternoon and was very pleased with the outcome.Instant slam dunk: crunchy freakin' pad thai!!! I've been addicted to those crunchy noodles you get at standard sit-down Chinese food places for years and would have never thought of incorporating them into a dish.  I damn near hurt myself stuffing all the crunchy goodness slathered in rich tamarind sauce and spotted with lovely chunks of fried tofu.This mountain of crunchy crack stood a good six inches off the table when the server delivered it, and, after twenty to thirty minutes, I felt that the mountain had won.  Normally I relish the opportunity to take home leftovers since reheated pad thai could be one of the most amazing effortless culinary experiences in the world, but I was afraid that when crunchy noodle gets cooped up in a takehome package, all the magic would trickle down into a pile of unidentifiable mush.I finally capitulated and nuked the pile again the next day for lunch.  It didn't have the same crunch, but the flavors were still all there and I sat on the couch with a stupid big grin on my face savoring my limp meal.The second big win was the green tea martini.  I know most people that go to Asian Mint rave about the green tea cake, but I'm just not that big a fan of sweets anymore.  The bar, however, can always make me happy.The green tea martini is, from what I can tell, a mixture of citron-flavored vodka, Ty Ku green tea liquor and some matcha. There are probably a couple of other ingredients, but I haven't bothered to ask the staff yet.  The amazing green tea flavor and aroma that radiates from this drink is almost as intoxicating as its alcohol content.  A warning, however:  if you don't want to be bouncing off the walls for the next twelve to fifteen hours, limit yourself to just one.  That matcha is some powerful stuff.
<review# 1915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2009,6/26/2009,8,18,5,6,5>The latest entry into a small club of truly elite Dallas restaurants. Dallas has a new superstar, and his name is Wolfgang Puck. I have never had a disappointing meal at any of Wolfgang's digs, but this place exceeded even my lofty expectations. Chef Sara Johannes might as well be Wolfgang in drag.First of all, there's the setting: 560 feet in the air at the iconic Reunion Tower, perpetually rotating (not quite fast enough to cause nausea) with beautiful views of downtown (as well as sunsets, lightning storms, fireworks, etc.) and a stylish postmodern decor that's a one thousand percent improvement over the Antares design that could easily have been a set from 'That 70's Show.' Next, the service with a serious smile. I'm talking ear-to-ear here, in the person of Brandy, our esteemed server. We were told with unbridled enthusiasm about the appetizers that were "innnnn...credible" and the main courses that were "shut UP good!". In fact, I was a bit worried that we were going to be drooled on during the food descriptions. There were only two possibilities at this point-- that the food was going to be excellent, or that our server was high on Ecstasy. You can't buy that kind of endorsement. Last, but not least, the food. Apparently our server was not on drugs. The food really was THAT good. In fact, I wanted to get up and tell people about it myself. I have to say, it always makes me a little nervous when a non-Asian (even one with as impressive a CV as Wolfgang's) attempts "Asian fusion" cuisine. I have seen some truly disastrous results. Fortunately, the emphasis is on the "fusion" rather than the "Asian"-- meaning that rather than trying to recreate and reinvent various Asian dishes, he fuses Asian ingredients and techniques with those of Europe. The results are no less than spectacular. Appetizers included a tower of lightly fried calamari and field greens floating in a sea of delectable creamy cilantro sauce...a dish that puts virtually all other squid to shame; and melt-in-your mouth sucking pig that is so tender and tasty that it almost begs the bizarre question "Why do we even let pigs grow up?". Main courses (btw, I have an intense pet peeve against using the word entree to describe anything other than a French appetizer) included a miso-marinated black cod perfectly executed and well paired with seaweed rice; and delicious beef short ribs well paired with creamy coconut rice (I believe that crack is actually the third ingredient). I could have easily eaten a vat of that stuff and been wheeled away perfectly content; but, because they don't serve coconut rice by the gallon, I actually had room for half a dessert!Now, I normally like the type of souffle that is so light and fluffy you're worried that it's going to float away if you take your eye off of it for more than a second or two. Five Sixty's chocolate souffle is not of that ilk. In fact, it is actually the densest dessert souffle I have ever had. I was more worried that it might fall through the table. When I put my spoon into it, I thought I finally had something to criticize! However, once I tasted it, I could no longer really be critical. While there was something lost in the rather heavy texture, I quickly realized that this was a calculated tradeoff...a bit of fluffiness for an intense burst of bittersweet chocolate flourless richness. I still prefer Rise No. 1's chocolate souffle (aka chocolate-flavored air)...but now that I have tasted of the anti-souffle, I may have been permanently corrupted. Strong work, Wolfgang.
<review# 1916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2009,6/25/2009,259,574,4,12,9>I went back to Chic for lunch the other day and found out they have 3 for 9.99 tapas until 7 pm and they have beefed up their tapas menu to have more options on it. Best. News. Ever!! Yum!
<review# 1917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2009,6/24/2009,166,221,9,7,6>Okay this was a straight up dare and i lived up to the challenge.I have a colleague who loves Good old homecooking/southern food and since i am an allrounder i suggested a few places to him and he gave me some dap  in the metroplex but this time i tried to sell him on Twisted Root Burger and he asked if it was comparable to Wingfield and i was like i have never hear of this place and he was like they have the best quality burgers and largest too but explained that its in the not too pretty part of town and since i live downtown that means i am a stone throw from any bad part of town and since i'm black i have that ghetto pass for once in a while drive by's without raising suspicion.I decided to check it out since i am not a major burger fan and since i work from home on Wednesdays it will be the perfect day to experiment. Lo and Behold (Yeah i had to go biblical) I got to this Shack of a place and it had two "Yes We're Open" signs and i entered through the heavily barricaded security door. As i got in i noticed i could lean across the counter and pick the candy's on display . I could see the grill with the numerous meat presses and the guy on the grill and a lady came by to take my order from this very simple menu.I was trying to be tough so i ordered the Doublemeat Cheeseburger and fries whch came out to $8.55 i think and luckily for me i think they had cooked a few extra patties in anticipation of a busy lunch so i didnt have to wait too long to get my order. I thought i was in a Gourmet place and requested they grill my onions and the lady flat out told me "We don't do that" so i went about my business and waited till it was done. Thank God there was no place to sit, so its best to just place your order to go because when i got home i knew i made the right decision. As soon as i opened the bag and saw the burger folded in a piece of paper and held together with a toothpick i had to thank the stars that i was home. I knew the next thing to do was to strip to my boxers before tackling this extra terrestrial piece of meat. I still dont know how the Bun survived the drive home, I was lucky to have told them to take off the lettuce otherwise it would have turned into cooked spinach. I tried to take a bite out of the burger and that wasnt happening so i moved from the dining table to the Kitchen Sink and cut off a bit with a knife and was over looking the sink. To my Amazement it wasnt sloppy or greasy but it was a lot of meat. I still dont understand how you can make a burger that big with no pink in it and no burnt edges.I took a bite and i knew why it was voted number one. The seasoning was amazing and the beef was a very good grade. After a few bites i now realized that the bread was just a side and not something to hold on anymore and by now the chunks of meat were falling into the sink. There is no way i would have survived eating that out at work or in a restaurant. Luckily for me i had some Hansens Ginger ale at hand to push the beast down the right path otherwise one will be clogged up for days. I ate a bit more and put the remainder half in the fridge for another battle but i must say i am satisfied. I will probably not go back for months unless i have a guest with a humongous apetite and can get dirty. A few years ago i would probably finish the whole burger but i am a lot older and wiser now so i knew when to stop while ahead.I forgot to mention the fries, They were the usual wavy fries u can get at the grocery store but had some seasoning on it but nothing to write home about. I came , I saw and i Conquered Wingfields (At least Half of it).
<review# 1918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2009,6/23/2009,725,843,19,19,16>DING DING DING...WE HAVE A WINNER--and it's sliced beef. Sweet merciful crap the brisket is good. I love it. If I were not all ready engaged to Wikpedia I'd marry it and have little half-brisket babies. I'm a total BBQ snob. I've not found really great brisket in Dallas--till now. Everyone said I would like it. And boy I did. I ordered almost everything on the menu. Jalapeno cheese bread--OMG...most amazing bread ever Texas torpedos--j's stuffed with cream cheese and fried, ok Brisket quesadillas, pretty good Kielbasa sausage, spicy and excellent...best BBQ sausage I've had Brisket--AMAZING, smokey and just plain amazing Baby back ribs--sweet and meaty, next time I'm having the spare ribs Hoppin john--good Squash casserole--I do not eat squash, this was the munchkins Fried okra--really crispy, dipped in ranch Fried apricot pie with ice cream--drool Peach cobbler with ice cream--huge and tasty Button sprang right off my pants and landed in the salad bar, I was so full. The staff was amazing. I know I'm starting to sound like a fake review but the service was really THAT good. I told them it was my first time there and they started telling us about the menu in detail, which I LOVE! They even offered to bring us more stuff to try but we were so full there was no room. I'd have had to put it in my ear.
<review# 1919,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2009,6/22/2009,51,309,8,7,8>As soon as we're seated, the wifey looks at the menu and exclaims "Hey! It's a Pepsi establishment!"  Pepsi is a good omen in my book, so we decide to double down and get 2 different kinds of personal pizzas instead of 1 large pizza.While waiting for the pizzas, we're served bread that can best be described as a flavorless vehicle for balsamic and olive oil.  Luckily, the plain cheese pizza arrives quickly, and it has good sauce and cheese, but flavorless crust. A few minutes later, the plain white pizza arrives, and it is a complete disaster with rubbery cheese and flavorless/soggy crust. The Pepsi was good, of course, but Pepsi alone isn't enough to bump up the star ranking! :pAll in all, an okay pizza that was better than Coal Vines, a decent place to take out of town guests, but still searching for the best pizza in Big D!
<review# 1920,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/8/2009,6/21/2009,167,230,6,8,7>We went here on a warm sunny day - with Hemingway in tow. He loved it. He's a very social dog and, of course, wants to play with ever dog there and be the attention whore that he naturally can be. I like this concept - although I wish this place were bigger. The patio area is a little small, but they provide a little AstroTurf and plenty of water for the dogs. We were dressed kinda grungy, since we were having a Hemingway day and knew that he would get us dirty. I would advise that if you do come here, don't wear your Sunday best. The dogs can be rambunctious and they will run around the small patio area and drool all over you. If I ever win the lottery, I would open up a place like this - but better...and with more room (and more liquor!!). I'd probably go back. I can only speak about the 'bar/patio' area since I wouldn't daycare Hemi here. It's just way to small.
<review# 1921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,6/20/2009,15,50,5,7,6>Droooool.  So these things are big, cheesy, and addictive.  I went for the first time after seeing a clipit of it on the news.  I was so impressed.  The presentation is easy to understand and the owner gave a nice run through the process.  I went with a friend and we split the Smokey Mountain which consisted of Steak, BBQ Rice, Carmelized onion, ham, bacon, and CHEESE.  We are both big eaters and couldn't even finish it!  With the Chips and salsa for free I would say this is a really good value. On my way out I saw someone with the queso and it looked soooo good.  Next time for sure.  This is a place where I could see going at least once a week.  The menu is such that it makes you want to try everything.  I can't wait to "build my own".
<review# 1922,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2009,6/19/2009,19,23,7,8,9>SO good and consistent. This is my favorite Chinese delivery. I have been ordering from Wang's since 2000, and still order it around once a week. If you like Crab Rangoon, they have the best, in my humble opinion. They are more like crab turnovers than the little "nests" you get at other places. I like that they fry and saute their food with healthy ingredients as opposed to really heavy oils. I usually order the chicken and shrimp with veggies, and the shrimp are fresh and real, as opposed to tiny and sketchy. To be honest, as many times as I have ordered food from Wang's, I have ALWAYS had it delivered. I don't think I have ever stepped foot inside, so I can't tell you what the atmosphere is like. However, they are fast, tasty, and a good choice for a healthy, post-work delivery meal when you don't feel like getting off the couch.
<review# 1923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,6/18/2009,134,313,7,6,8>Hah, well...I know that i'm a Texan but I am no cowgirl.  I'm not into cowboy music and honky tonks, buuuut I really dig this place. My friends and I came here due to the disappointingly early closing hours at Angry Dog and I'm glad that I had the opportunity to check 'em out.The bartender was very friendly, I almost want to say that the words "southern hospitality" came to mind. You drink cheap beer from a can or plastic mug, so this place isn't really for beer snobs, such as myself, but it was  nice change of pace. Each table is armed with sharpies and the tables, walls, even pictures are covered in graffiti, I like that because i'm definitely a "doodler".Again, I'm not into country music etc etc, but I really enjoyed the band playing, the band members were also so friendly, they took the time to introduce themselves and to ask our names, gave us some band info etc. The band's name is 'Three Cities Burning'.If I can find an excuse to go to a "saloon" again, I'll be back. heh, I like dives and this place would definitely be considered a dive.Oh yeah, my friend ate a burger and fries and they looked fantastic, maybe that will be my excuse to go back...fat girl needs food, mmm.
<review# 1924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2009,6/17/2009,58,170,9,8,7>Wanna have a great dinner after you win the lottery? Go here!  Wanna take your wife/GF or both when you need to get out of the dog house?  Go here!  Wanna close a big deal over lunch? Go here!  Catchin my drift yet?  This is one of the better restaurants in Dallas.  Ive had lunch here three or four times and have always been impressed.  The foie gras burger is amazing.  Its actually a fork and knife burger with foi gras in the middle, crisp beefsteak tomato and some micro greens on top....excellent!  The coffee rubbed flat iron steak with chipotle mashed potatoes is also amazing as is the poblano-asiago Soup with golden tomato foam.  If you get an appetizer go for the sampling of ceviche over the flatbreads.  Also, stay away from the beef brisket sandwhich unless you like sweets.  The sauce is too sweet which overpowers everything.  Other than that this restaurant is fantastic!
<review# 1925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2009,6/16/2009,105,33,13,10,12>Ra SushiMojo factor:The Menu: Okay, I am a sushi snob and I always struggle with Ra. I have eaten awesome Sushi around the world including, Yokohama, Kyoto, and in a small fishing village in Okinawa whilst studying the crane maneuver with Mr Miyagi. Ra is NOT the place to go for mind meltingly good Sushi. Think of the Sushi as something you eat as you drink.Bar: It's the place you go for great happy hour special including a big bottle of Kirin lager and a flask of warm Sake for $5 or there abouts.  Strangely the more of these you have the better the Sushi becomes and suddenly you are swept away to having a brilliant sushi experiences.If you hang around long enough, like after 5 pm, all of a sudden there is a lot of eye candy to feast your eyes on, and the music is cool in retro hip sort of way. Leave the beer goggles at home, and I mean that in the most politically correct sense of "people watching" sort of way.The staff are easy going, don't mind cheap shots and often fire back with more than they get.  They work hard and ply me with drinks well before my glass hits the low tide mark. Now that's service. Props serving Dudes! They are even able to interpret my slurred speech after a few too many Voddy Red-bulls - (yes it does give you wings)Ra is situated in the up and coming North Legacy shops Area, which up until 8 months or so ago was a baron wasteland of new construction. Now Lone Star Road is a hot bed of all sort of ways to eat &amp; drink your way to a good time.The clientele are friendly, with what is quite likely the most popular patio area in Legacy shops area, so friendly in fact, when I asked another table if I could borrow a chair they replied only if you sit in it.  What can I say - I love Texas hospitality. The age range goes from early 20s to 40 some things. Where there is a comfortable mix of the young and innocent, and the compulsory divorcee bloke with Ferrari or Porsche and cougar quotient with re-enforced boobs (How did Ferrari guy get to keep his car?). As cheezey as that sounds, it really isn't (as I splash on some old spice and decide which medallion I am going to wear this evening)Pet peeve: White framed sunglasses should never be worn inside (or outside for that matter), even the kingdom of Rappers gave that up 10 years ago. As Im sure those playing on the pink team would agree.Whats it good for?If you want to go somewhere casual, with or without "significant others" to forget the trial and tribulations of the world Ra is for you. Its not great sushi but passable and the environment more than compensates. One could almost imagine you are at a bar in Laguna Beach (Hush comes to mind)It is well stocked with locals who live in the neighbouring apartment buildings so you are always assured a high hit rate of it going off.  This population is made up of Urban professionals from neighbouring Corporate Headquarters who scoff at the word "recession".It's a great place for bridal showers, hens nights, or meeting up with your mates for pre drinks, drinks drinks, or post drinks.  Ra makes for a good mission control where you can plan the rest of your night and make the ever painful decision of whether downtown is worthy of your attention.Ra is not a good place for serious business dinners, wedding anniversaries or to propose to your prospective bride (unless you met her there 30 mins ago).There are plenty of choices for follow-on venues if trawling is your game plan. Follow on venues include Nylo, Loft 610This would be a great recommendation if you have special dietary requirements that include Sushi, Sake, Beer.Bar Pick-Up value: Smokin ( I know - I am as shallow as a match box)PS Credit cards are easily retrieved the following day here, provided you remember this is where you left it.Try it out. you will have a great time.
<review# 1926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2009,6/15/2009,68,94,14,14,12>This is my go-to place for birthdays.  I have no idea how any of their other baked goods are, but the cupcakes here are freaking amazing! Who the heck cares about some cookies when you can have one of these cupcakes?! So far I have not found a better cupcake in Dallas.  The cake is moist (for lack of a better word) and springy, and their icing is sugary perfection.  I picked up a dozen for a friend's birthday, and we tried a variety of flavors, including: vanilla, chocolate, carrot cake, and strawberry.  All of them were gobbled up in no time.  Even though I do love Sprinkles dearly, I must say that Society beats them hands-down.  The cupcakes are bigger and tastier at Society, so you don't feel so bad about forking over the $2.50+ for a single sweet snack. They always have a ton of cupcakes in their display case, so it isn't really necessary to call ahead if you just need to pick up a dozen or so. I tried calling in an order of 1 dozen last week, but they didn't answer their phone, so I just drove up there since it is very close to my house.  It might be a good idea to call if you need a larger number or want a specific flavor, because they don't always have the same varieties in the case. Another thing I love about this bakery is that the chefs don't seem concerned with making the cupcakes especially pretty.  They are often uneven and overflowing the wrapper with haphazardly-heaped icing.  It's like they're saying "yeah, we know our cupcakes look like we baked them in the dark, but they are damn good, so we bet you'll eat them anyway."  And I will.
<review# 1927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2009,6/14/2009,36,356,6,12,10>Nick & Sam's has caused me to get all philosophical.  My wife and I are new to the area, having moved from San Francisco.  There's a lot about SF that I don't miss, but one thing I do is the food--there really isn't another city in America with so many solid restaurants at every price point.  So while in Dallas, we've been trying to find places that are "just like" the ones we loved in SF.  But at the end of the day, this is a futile exercise, as it's not fair to compare such completely different cities, and so after another night of mediocre sushi, I said to my wife, "maybe instead of trying to recreate San Francisco, we should go take in the best of what Dallas is famous for."  This was a good move on my part, because it led us to Nick & Sam's.This place is everything a steakhouse should be.  Dark, romantic atmosphere.  Clubby, old school feel (I kept waiting to see Frank Sinatra walk by).  A well-designed wine list across price points, with an obvious focus on boutique Cabernets.  A wonderful caviar service, friendly waiters, and oh yeah, the steak was magnificent.  I'm definitely not in Frisco anymore, but who cares?  If there's one thing SF doesn't do particularly well, it's steak (probably has something to do with all the hippies), but Ihat was then, and this is now, and I know I can eat like a king at Nick & Sam's.
<review# 1928,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,6/13/2009,136,202,7,14,12>Joe and I made a return visit to DiTerra's last night during "ARCTIC BLAST MARCH 2009".  One word: superb!The decor looks even cooler than when we visited two months ago.  The wood-paneled walls (one dark wood, two lighter wood), stained cement floors, teal ceiling, and various decorative touches make it a funky-cool but still sophisticated spot.  They were playing old jazz last night which almost made it seem like we were in a cool New Orleans spot.The food was even better than the first time.  We started with the lamb consomme soup with mint and green peas, and the goat cheese and mushroom toast.  YUM!  The soup was pungently flavorful broth served with a giant piece of crusty toast.  The mushroom toast had a musky, rich flavor and was served with greens tossed lightly in what tasted like olive oil and balsamic vinegar.For the main course, we had the poached monkfish and the duck special.  The monkfish was cooked perfectly, not too chewy as monkfish can sometimes be.  Flavors of tomato, rosemary, capers, and garlic married well in the light broth.  It was served with perfectly cooked (ever so lightly charred) asparagus and another piece of the giant awesome toast.  The duck special, which was $20, had duck breast medallions cooked medium rare in a slightly sweet, delicious dark sauce.  It was served with tiny squash and some kind of barley (like brown rice but more chewy).  The barley had an interesting texture and soaked up the sauce deliciously.We had the same waiter as last time, and he was still funny.  I think his name is Jeff.  He paced the food perfectly and struck the perfect balance of service, right in between hovering and ignoring, which is rare!Even though we were painfully full, we still had to get a nutella crepe with fresh berries.  Oh, the stomachache!  Worth it, though.We had a bottle of inexpensive wine, two appetizers, two entrees, and a dessert for $100 with tip.  You can definitely get out of there for less clams if you order the cheaper entrees or split a pizza.  I like that this place is doable for many price ranges.Also, they now have FREE VALET with your validated ticket.  Free valet on Lower Greenville is almost unheard of (but much appreciated!).People, you need to go to DiTerra's.  The people who work there are super cool, the atmosphere is cool but unpretentious, and the food rocks.  The flavors are simple but delicious, and the portion sizes are just right.  I can definitely see us coming here a couple times a month or even just hanging out at the bar and having some wine.  Definitely on the Joe and Claire top 5 list.
<review# 1929,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2009,6/12/2009,87,53,13,12,14>This is my number one store for bachlorette night party favors and gifts. They have a lot of merchandise specifically geared towards the bride-to-be's last night as a single woman, as well as numerous stock in porn, lingerie, and sex toys. Every time I get stuff for bachlorette nights here, it turns out to be popular  gadgets for the event. My biggest successes have been:1.) A punch gun that is a penis (it was broken by midnight due to constant use)2.) penis noses3.) penis straws4.) "pin the penis on the man" gameThe sales staff are always helpful as well. Sometimes stuff can be a little pricey in here, but if you hunt around you can find some good bargains. Also, sometimes you'll be surprised at what turns out to be the party hit. Who knew a penis punch-gun would have been such a success. It was only $7 too.
<review# 1930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2009,6/11/2009,511,139,10,13,11>Bella opened just a few weeks ago it seems, and, having never been before called ahead to see if they took reservations etc.... One of the co-owners, Robert, answered the phone. I mentioned I had never been and was... "hey Buddy I'd LOVE to take a reservation for you, what time will you be here? We're excited to have you coming..." That's when I realized, "I think I'm gonna like this place a lot".So my girlfriend arrived and we strolled down the block to the restaurant, walked in and was greeted by another very gregarious personality -- "Robert?" -- "Ah man, sorry, Robert's my co-owner, I'm Tony--are you Steve, the guy that lives down the block?"That's when I realized, "I'm really gonna like this place a lot".Took us to our table, chatting the whole way about how nice it was to have us. Shanon came up and took our drink order, a "Bellatini" and "Bellarita", both were pricey but excellent. After Shanon left to get the drinks, up walks Robert with big grin on his face--"Steve? HEY man great to have you here!" We chatted a short bit -- the convo having just the slightest feeling of the sopranos -- got the feeling Robert & Tony may be from New England somewhere. It was during this point Rob says, "hey I want to buy your first round of drinks..."That's when I realized, "I may love this place..."We had the "Shredded Beef Stogies" as an appetizer -- think spring roll, only all shredded beef with a spicy plum sauce; and, being "stogies" they were served in an ash tray. CLASSIC. Lainey had the "Rib Grinder sandwich" which was unbelievable tender. I had the "Spicy Shrimp Poboy" which was slightly bland until I added the plum sauce from the stogies, then it was highly tasty. Had another round of drinks, Robert and Tony came back by to check on us and during that round of chatting found that the chef was the guy from the Mansion and had created the menu for them because, "hey we're front of the house guys -- we don't even try to do the back stuff..."  I had previously learned they were also the ones known for  "Nick & Sam's" over on Maple Ave.As for the clientele, they seem to be, on that night, the general Uptown see-my-ferrari crowd to a degree. But, while that isn't my normal scene (my "see-my-saturn" thing doesn't really seem to do it...) the atmosphere, friendliness, food and service (Shanon was great) will definitely bring me back many times.So with full bellies and grins on our faces we strolled back home, but not before Robert mentioned, "hey man, you've got the number--call ahead anytime you want us to hold a table for you.."That's when I realized, "yup--I'll need a raise at work..."
<review# 1931,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,6/10/2009,549,363,19,25,23>Where do all these books we own come from? I think they're "at it like rabbits" when we're not looking. Unpacking from our recent move, we realized we had about 20 books that wouldn't fit into our bookshelf and had no want of anymore. We'd passed Paperbacks Plus a few times (even parked in their empty parking lot when the Tipp was hoppin') and decided to load up our unwanted books and check it out.We went inside and asked if they would take our box of unwanted books... they said they'd be glad to! They give you store credit for whatever they take, which you can use for 1/2 the purchase price of the item (so, if you find a book you want whose MSRP is $26, they sell the book for $13, and you can then use your store credit for 1/2 that, so your total cost is $6.50).We dropped off the box and gave them about 20 minutes to tally up our pile. We went up to the register. They had finished and said they could give us store credit in the amount of.... $65!! WOW! After all these years of going to 1/2 price books and having those greedy punks give me $0.27 for a book I paid $25 for the week before, it was such a surprise! We were glad to get rid of what we got, and even more glad to find lots of books we had either recently purchased or recently wanted to purchase, so we think we'll actually use our store credit.There are also LP's, tapes, cd's, VHF tapes, and DVD's in addition to paperbacks (hence the "plus"), so there's plenty to look at. So, go dig out your old books just gathering dust and bring them! This place is such a gem!
<review# 1932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2009,6/9/2009,97,38,19,12,16>Jersey Mike #7 sammie how I love thee? Let me count the ways.I love thee to the depth and white bread and height of the freshly sliced turkey.My soul can reach for your yummy vinegar and oregano spice, when feeling out of sight.For the ends of the counter are staffed with Beings of ideal Grace.I love thee to the level of everyday's lunchMost quiet hunger, by sun and candle-light.I love thee freshly, as men strive for Right;I love thee purely, as they turn away from Subway.I love thee with a passion put to useIn my old cravings, and with my childhood's faith.I love thee's cold cuts with a love I seemed to loseWith my lost saints, --- I love thee with the bread,Smiles, cheese, of all my life! --- and, if God choose,I shall but love thee better than Quizno's after death.Sorry about the poetic rip off, but this how I feel about Jersey Mike's! Try it, you wont regret it! (that one was mine)
<review# 1933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2009,6/8/2009,275,242,4,7,7>My husband & I just finished having lunch here today. His eyes ere bigger than his stomach & we ended up taking home leftovers & spending about $30. They offer dim sum on the weekdays from 11-3. I was craving the shrimp fun rolls so that was all that I ordered. My hubby, on the other hand, ordered the shrimp balls, Chinese broccoli, sesame balls, and seafood pan fried noodles. Everything was good except for the pan fried noodles. The seafood was chewy and the noodles came out too soggy. I like my noodles a little crispy. There is not much you can do to ruin steamed chinese broccoli. It all tastes the same to me. My shrimp fun noodles were yummy and so were the sesame balls filled with red bean. I wanted to get the egg custard but hubby had already ordered too much food. I will save that for my next visit. They've added a fountain to the courtyard. it was very pretty especially with the 80 degree weather we've been having. The ladies with the carts came around every few minutes to see if we needed anything. We arrive around 1ish so the place was pretty quiet. there were maybe 10 tables occupied.I will be back.
<review# 1934,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2009,6/7/2009,385,149,3,6,6>I just wanted to say thank you to Travis the bartender. A week ago my wife and I ate here and we mentioned that her birthday was in a few days. Travis said to come back and he would give her a free birthday shot. Well, yesterday we went back, as we made our rounds to various bars, for my wife's birthday. Travis not only gave Pepper 2 free shots but I got a free budlight out of it too. My wife had the Vegas Roll which was really good along with fried rice, and I had the Shrimp Tempura. It was the BOMB. This food goes a lot better with free drinks. Thanks to everyone at Hoshi for making a few minutes of my wife's birthday great and we will be back probably later this week. MZ
<review# 1935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2009,6/6/2009,97,117,3,6,5>I haven't had Dinner at this Glorias before.. I usually go to the one in Colleyville near my House... So I had my Salsa Dancing partner visiting me from California and we head out to this location...... I Love Salsa Dancing so this is by far my favorite Place to go.. Fridays are not as busy as Saturday.. But yesterday was pretty full.. I love the live band, but The DJ was pretty good yesterday too I know it's a Latin Club, But we like to shake our Booties to some Hip Hop too.. I Love this Location it always has alot of good EYE candy... Not that I was looking of course,, I brought my own. ;-) cant wait to go back... Maybe next weekend???
<review# 1936,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/4/2009,6/5/2009,262,371,4,10,6>Located in the parking lot of the now deceased Super Saver (where I would buy subpar ACME brand groceries), is this place. Now I have an added destination to this locale besides donating clothes to Goodwill.This place was definitely dead on a Friday afternoon, as noted by one of the previous reviewers. I really can't imagine why. The place was clean, the interior nice, and the waitress was very helpful and asked my date and I if we had any questions (we didn't). There is a lunch menu (M-F, 11:00a- 3:00p). While my date was mulling this over, I ordered the Red Stripe Chicken, named after the lager it was cooked with (it was also cooked with coconut milk). I was allowed two sides, so I selected the plantains (in an effort to stay true to island tradition) and white rice.As soon as I relayed this decision to the waitress, she asked if we were planning to share. I wondered just how massive these portions were going to be, but decided against the suggestion. This would require changing my order, as my date hates coconuts. He ordered jerk chicken off of the lunch menu and was allotted one side (he chose white rice).We sat listening to reggae music and covers in reggae form (I admit that I've never heard George Michael in this fashion prior to this visit) before the waitress brought out the two plates. The Red Stripe chicken was just okay, even bordering bad. A little disappointing for me, as I grew up enjoying coconut in every form and was ready to love the dish. Perhaps it was the mixture with beer that turned me off, I'm not sure. The meat was a little tough, but to be expected for being pan-fried. They only used large chunks of white meat, so the quality was very good. The plantains were a good decision on my part and paired well with the meat. I ate about half of the dish (portions were hefty, but not obscene) before deciding to see if I'd want it later. Boxed it up.So why the four stars? THE JERK CHICKEN. Tender, fall-off-the-bone delicious, I watched my date pick those bones clean. He kept dunking the meat in a sauce that it was served with and insisted that it was spicy (I didn't find it spicy. Either he's a baby or I'm just "not eating it right." Feh).We were offered desert. The waitress went into drooling detail on the bread pudding and the two different kinds of (chocolate!) rum cake. I saw that there was also cheesecake with strawberries and mango sauce. I was terribly and utterly torn. I asked my date to choose. He picked pineapple upside down cake *insert frowny face.* When it was brought out, it looked like the kind you would make out of a Duncan Hines box. But it was actually pretty good-- it was warm and it's taste was heightened when mixed with the syrup on the plate. Nevertheless! I shall return with the dual mission of eating that jerk chicken for myself (as a previous reviewer said to-- oh how I failed to heed good advice when I hear it) and to eat each and every item on the desert menu. Watch me.Note: The Red Stripe chicken tasted much better the next day. I guess it just needed a good sit in the fridge.
<review# 1937,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2009,6/4/2009,98,143,6,11,6>I recently adopted a dog from the SPCA who has become my little buddy. As with previous dogs, I figured I could do bathing and grooming on my own. Well, well, well...this dog has taught me wrong. Our first bath time together was traumatic...black hair everywhere, clogged bathtub, and an owner who was covered from head to toe in water, soap, and dog fur!Needless to say, my plan of action had to change. After calling around to some local spots I was quite discouraged to find that for a 15 pound dog, I was going to pay a minimum of $50 for grooming services!!!! However, my friend Angela G. recommended the Bark and Purr for its exceptional service. I took my pup in today and was greeted by very friendly staff members and an establishment that is obviously pet friendly! It was raining today, so when we got in my pooch was soaked and cold. One of the employees walked over, scooped her up and proceeded to start drying her off for me (star 1). I informed the staff my dog is undergoing heartworm treatment, and they were very sympathetic. They understood the need for my pup to be in a quiet isolated area and assured me should would have her own private doggy room to wait in before and after grooming (star 2). When I came to pick up Frankie I was pleasantly surprised that the cost was only $36 for a bath, grooming, nail clipping, ear cleaning, and anal gland cleansing (gross but good for all dogs)! (star 3). They brought Frankie out and had put a festive little bandana around her neck (star 4) and gave me a little goody bag of doggie treats (star 5)!!!If I could give this place more stars, I definitely would! Bark and Purr, you rocked my dogs paws off!!!!
<review# 1938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,6/3/2009,30,64,8,9,8>i basically had to cut myself off.  i can spend an entire paycheck here.my half-price books habit was becoming a problem.and this half-price books...is THE half-price books.  i almost cried upon entering.  it was like looking into the eyes of god.don't stop with the books.  look at the cds!  records!  novelty buys!  vhs tapes!  (yeah, i still actively purchase them.  what?)it's true that you can't always find specific things you're looking for.  sometimes, but not always.  that's almost irrelevant, though, because you'll find things that you didn't KNOW you wanted...but now you do.  you need these books, and that tape of 'straight talk.'...seriously, dolly is so cute in it, plus it has spalding gray.no, for real, i can blow a whole paycheck here.  that isn't theoretical.
<review# 1939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2009,6/2/2009,228,176,14,14,9>Tachito's how you make my cholesterol soar. But I can't get enough. I don't work very far from Tachito's so usually on special occasions.. birthday lunches, anniversary lunches, Thursday lunches.. OK I go whenever I can take an actual hour long lunch, but hey, it's great. My parents claim to be 'cheese enchilada experts' where I'm a soft cheese taco kinda girl. (If you're not familiar think cheese enchilada with no onions and cheese on the outside instead of chili) Tachito what kinda cheese is that?? It has to be some kind of government meets velveeta meets cheddar meets secret cheese. It's so good! OK I love me some Tachito's. I'll get off my rant.. or rave? :)
<review# 1940,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2009,6/1/2009,199,332,3,9,6>RICHARDSON LOCATION: OK, I was thrilled to learn that I would no longer have to drive to Deep Ellum to have the 2nd best burger in town (but 1st on the counter service list). TRB did not disappoint.The Campbell & 75 location is convenient but beware that you might have a little trouble locating the building. It is in a complex on the SE corner of that intersection. It is not visible from the road, so turn in from Campbell when you see the Panera Bread and TRB is next door.This location has a lot of the same atmosphere as the original but a multitude of windows make the space cheerier but takes away from the cool funkiness a bit. There are plenty of tables. The food is equally as good. They still give you fun names to call your order (Although I'm glad I didn't get stuck with Miley Cyrus on principle)Really this is a 4.5 star place. My only complaint is that it is REALLY loud in there when it is full......oh, and it is FULL. One difference with this location is that it has already become destination dining. Families obviously pack their mini-vans and SUV and truck there whole clans here. So beware that their will be more munchkins running around screaming and less places to sit. I could hear adjoining table shouting so they could communicate.Of course, I was stuffing another tasty chipotle guacamole burger with that wonderful ancho ketchup into my pie-hole. I would have enjoyed that anywhere.
<review# 1941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2009,5/31/2009,5,13,4,5,3>I recently went in there again today, and asked myself why I ever stopped going there.  It's pretty awesome running into someone who used to walk over to your job and drink, and that was a little over two years ago!Today it was nice outside and they had an irish band in there which gave it the real upbeat feeling I've been missing at bars.  Not to mention the fact they had beers in bottles I have only seen at places such as Whole Foods, or Central Market.  Super big plus.  I'm not quite the beer coniseur, but seeing something you don't see at any other bar...that's awesome right there.My only complaint was that I was sitting on the patio talking with a friend and the music on the speakers outside was louder than the live band inside.  I loved the music, but it was a little annoying having to almost yell across the table. I definately see myself hanging out there every Sunday.So, just got a personal message recently from their owner.  I don't care if the food is served to me ice cold, still frozen, or my beer lukewarm and it just came out of the cooler.  That  seriously just won me over.  Also, let me also throw in the fact that he read the review and apologized for the music, and is going to take actions to fix it.My friends, if there were more stars to give...Trinity Hall would take the gold medal.
<review# 1942,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2009,5/30/2009,384,355,6,8,9>I don't understand the bad reviews on this place. I can imagine this would be a great place to take out of town guests if you wanted to give them of more Texasy perception of Dallas. The decor is pure cowboy. The menu is pure cowboy. The presentation is pure cowboy. I'm still kinda mad that the waiter wasn't a cowboy. But for the price, I thought the food was excellent. My table started with the fry bread for $3, which was similar to indian naan covered in seasonings and served with refried black beans and clover honey. sounds strange, I know, but oh so good. If you don't like brisket or chicken you probably shouldn't eat here as the menu explains that is essentially what "cowboy chow" is. For $7 my brisket sloppy joe was smothered in cheese and delicious. I was fooled thinking I ordered brown sugar baked beans and therefor was surprised when they brought out brown sugar bacon beans (pinto). I think the baked beans would have been better but they switched me to fried okra with no questions asked. Everyone at the table loved their orders of brisket tacos, brisket mashed potato casserole, and jalapeno chicken fried steak. I'd definitely come back, especially when money is tight and I want a great, hearty meal. There better be a cowboy waiter the next time damnit!
<review# 1943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2009,5/29/2009,7,5,2,10,6>This place is Awesome!! During the week you can get the 1/4 Chicken Lunch special. The lunch special comes with a 1/4 Dark Meat Chicken, 2 sides, roll and drink. And it is only $4.99!! Seriously that is a lot of food for $5 bucks. And it taste amazing. The chicken is great (I will never go to Boston Market again) and then the twice baked potatos and the mac and cheese are equally tasty. If you like beans then go with the rachero beans. The Ranchero beans have pico on top of them so if you arent into pico then let them know ahead of time.  Definitely try the hot sauce that they keep handy. Not sure what brand it is or if it is homemade b/c it is kept in old glass coke bottles. If you like desserts then definitely have the homemade peach cobbler with ice cream.  They will keep it and then bring it to you a little later when you have finished your food so that the ice cream doesnt melt. I give this place a rating of pure awesomeness.
<review# 1944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,5/28/2009,274,703,8,10,7>Are we in a recession? Because when I went to Bolsa Friday night I couldn't tell that we were in the middle of a major financial crisis. The place was packed with people having a good time like it was 1999. The moment we stepped inside, we forgot all about the frustrating 45 minute drive it took for us to get from Uptown to Bolsa. The restaurant converted a garage into a wonderful indoor and outdoor patio space that is both whimsical and inviting. Massive garage doors that were preserved from a former life frame tables of dinner patrons on one side of the wall. My favorite touch is a long bar and elevated bench seating that stretches on the patio side of the bar. Picnic like wood tables adorn the enclosed and heated patio space that offer communal style dining for mixed groups of parties. The ambiance is hip and reminds me a lot of Silverlake in LA or Bucktown in Chicago. Aside from an annoying neighbor who shared a seat at our communal picnic table and insisted jokingly three times over the course of the evening that we were paying for his meal, Bolsa was a fantastic experience. Upon leaving, this person then backed up his car into a parked Prius in clear view of the whole restaurant - karma does have a way of sorting things out, don't they? =) The food is stellar. I didn't realize the chef was originally from Firefly and that co-investors were from ZaZa - already a nice start. After reading the reviews, we decided to order the bruschetta, which comes in a flight of 4 styles for $12. Presentation is definitely unique - our favorite was the butternut squash and cheese drizzled with honey. I kind of felt like my dining companion and I were eating our last meals before shipping off to a stint in the Peace Corps to a third world country or something because we were crazy enough to order a second appetizer. We ordered the Twigs and Berries pizza. The crust is cracker thin and it comes with greens and berries as toppings. The tangy tomato sauce was a bit strong for this pizza - I did eye the sausage and banana peppers pie that our neighbors ordered though. Entrees were very good. The pork tenderloin was moist, but the real star was the braised short rib served with garlic mashed potatoes and drizzled with horseradish sauce. Excellent. It's hard not to dig Bolsa. To be honest, the food is probably a very strong 4, maybe not quite a 5. Bolsa is kind of like the girl who's not the perfect 10 Baywatch babe you always dreamed about, but has so many other redeeming qualities that it deserves a 5 star rating. Bolsa is committed to sourcing its ingredients locally (under 45 miles from Dallas) and organically when possible. Dishes change frequently depending on what's fresh for the season. The runners carry Brita water filters a la what SF restaurants have done recently. The to go box is made from recycled paper than styrofoam. I didn't check the parking lot to see if the chef drives a hybrid, but I really liked how Bolsa tries to make every aspect of their business focused on their vision. Dallas needs more restaurants like Bolsa. It's a real dining pleasure for dinner patrons like us to sample amazing cuisine based on such a vision. Bolsa is my new favorite restaurant and it's a pleasure to write this review as my first stint as an '09 Elite member! It's perfect for a date or dinner with friends. Plus it's an easy walk to Bishop Arts District so there's always plenty to do when you're there.
<review# 1945,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,5/27/2009,130,181,11,9,10>What can i say about this place that hasn't already been said?i LOVED my Venison Burger ($8).  How many other places can you get venison burgers?  It offers a real interesting alternative to the typical beef burger.  I ordered mine with fried onions and bacon. Ah, glorious meat.  I LOVED the Deep Ellum Goat Cheese (add $0.99)! Smooth, creamy, and funky, it compliments a 1/2 patty of beef perfectly!  My wife ordered her hamburger with goat cheese and grilled onions.  My only gripe:  next time, order extra goat cheese!!i LOVED the seasoned curly fries ($1.99).  Try it with their Ancho Ketchup.  It's spicy!  Don't order the "Fried Ride" - it's way too much fried food for two people and I didn't really like anything else besides the curly fries.  Sweet Potato chips are different and are OK, I'm just not sure I like all that cinnamon sprinkled on them. i LOVED Quincy on the microphone, calling out celebrity names and singing.  (i.e. "Jerrrry Maguire! SHOW ME THE BURGER!"  "Here she comes.. Miss Americaaaa"  i LOVED Quincy's Grandfather's secret recipe BBQ sauce!  Try it on your venison!  Tangy and smokey!i LOVED that everything was homemade, esp. the Butterscotch root beer!  Does anyone know how many flavors of root beer they serve?  I want to try all of them!i HATE that i have to drive 25 minutes to Deep Ellum now to frequent my new favorite burger joint.  I blame all of you and your 5 star reviews!  lol
<review# 1946,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2009,5/26/2009,213,499,9,57,46>This very well may be a 5 star contender.  I went here once for lunch recently with Angela G. and I left feeling fat and happy.  We both got the lunch pad kee mow with beef.  It came with a thai soup (lots of squashes and a tangy broth, very nice) and a spring roll and possibly the best pad kee mow I've ever had.  It was not slimy, it was not bland, the noodles were just right, and it was really fresh.  It had a good mix of the salad-y stuff too.  The problem with Thai places is that they usually do a few things well, and everything else is just marginal.  I think I will make it my mission to try the rest of their offerings to see if maybe-just maybe!-this place might top my list of bestest(est) Thai in Dallas.  Keep your fingers crossed!!
<review# 1947,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2009,5/25/2009,298,121,7,13,8>Took my babies for Gospel Brunch (not technically in the restaurant, but close enough) on Easter Sunday... holy mackerel was that some kinda fun!My kiddos are 19, 9 and 5, and I'm an old lady - and every last one of us loved it. Mostly my 5-yr-old loved standing on her chair and waving her napkin around (encouraged behavior, btw!) and mostly me and my big butt loved the white chocolate banana bread pudding with magical vanilla bean creamy something-or-other to smother it with. HOLY. CRAP.So, the setup is: Call to buy your spot; day-of, pick up your tickets from the box office out front; walk through the restaurant and gift shop to stand around with a bajillion other people; walk downstairs and ta-DAH! Boatloads of food. There's a made-to-order omelette station (YUM), a carving station, and tons of food set out buffet-style. Everything was decent to really good, but dang! That bread pudding was seriously the best thing there (I balanced it out with a giant scoop of fresh fruit). Everything is included in the price (adults $34ish), including gratuity, except booze. Cash bar, either walk up or catch a (very busy) server.FYI, the room's fairly small so there's really not a bad seat in the house.And the show! So great. Lots of audience participation, so if you're not all about shaking your booty and getting rowdy this might not be your thing. The head gospel lady is a total hoot, as are the servers who take turns testifying and revving up the crowd. Super-caucasian boy with rooster-head hairdo, how I love watching you get down... we left with full happy tummies and giant smiles on our faces.As I learned yesterday: ain't no party like a Jesus party!
<review# 1948,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2009,5/24/2009,263,343,5,7,4>It's been close to ten years since I had a Keller's burger.  I was in the neighborhood and jonesing for a kickass burger.  I pulled in and was greeted by a daisy dukes wearing biker chick who gladly took my order.  Lunch was a bacon cheeseburger, tots and a Miller lite (I'm watching what I eat).  Cheap and tasty just like my women.  I love the poppy seed buns but what I loved even more was it wasn't as greasy as I remembered.  sure, it's a griddle cooked burger, but my hands didn't need Lava to cut the grease.  I won't go another 10 before coming back.
<review# 1949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,5/23/2009,462,279,12,17,15>After shoveling the snow off the roof and melting the ice block off the car, we decided to take advantage of a mid-winter thaw by soaking up some sunshine - and Mojitos! - at Gloria's.  Ok.  So, we didn't have snow on our roof.  But it's been freakishly cold the past couple of weeks and temps in the low 60's felt like a balmy August day.The purpose of this update is to let everyone know that in 2 weeks (according to the valet guy), Gloria's will begin their expansion into the old Starbucks space next door!  Yay!  The bad news is that they'll be closed for a month to do it.  The good news is that they'll be open in time for spring patio camping!Love is chips and salsa, queso and black bean dip, Mojitos and chirping birds.  Can I get an amen?
<review# 1950,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2009,5/22/2009,255,323,10,12,10>Why have I never seen this place?  I've been to the Farmer's Market on numerous occasions, but I've never made it far enough to run into this fine establishment.Typical looking Tex-Mex place; shabby on the inside, but purposefully so.  We came at 11:30 and it was pretty empty.  The hostess directed us to seat ourselves, but our waitress was there to take our drink orders within a minute or two.The rest of the menu looked great (good deals too), but I zeroed in on the beef fajitas.  Would I face another disappointment like I did at Monica's Aca Y Alla?Hells to the no.Best beef fajitas in Dallas...no kidding.The meat was tender as your mama's kiss and seasoned perfectly.  The veggies were two steps away from being burnt to a crisp (which is how I like 'em).  The homemade tortillas were fresh off the griddle and melted in your mouth.What seals the deal are the charro beans.  Again, the best in town.  Unbelievably good.  Soft without being mushy, they had a huge explosion of bacony goodness underneath the savory taste of garlic and onions.  Someone was up early cooking those legendary legumes.The best part was the price: $9 (including the extra $1 for subbing charro beans).Definitely a place you'll want to hit up if you're at the market and certainly worth the drive even if you're not.
<review# 1951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2008,5/21/2009,259,232,12,12,10>Long and skinny restaurants make me uncomfortable. When I walk in the front door, I feel like all eyes turn toward me, and I have to do a runway sashay to my table. Then I pivot right, toss the hair, and sit down. No? Just me? Carry on, then.Any place with alcohol that I can walk to (be it a bar/restaurant/homeless man's cardboad tent) automatically gets one extra star. That's just standard in my book. Also weekly specials are good. The Libertine has good specials. I don't remember all of them, but I can tell you the best bet food-wise is Sunday night. Let's talk about my Sunday Night Experience.Bustling, but not insanely busy. The cheese plate ($6) is perfect for two people. You pick three cheese/meats, plus you get crackers, grapes, apples, and pickles--all on a fun wooden tray.My friends and I were amazed by the smothered pork chop with potatoes and artichoke hearts. Most pork chops are overcooked, but this was some tender vittles. Also can't go wrong with the tomato basil soup with a grilled cheese sammie.The portobello fries ($3.50) were fantastic, but too small a serving. We also got a baby serving of sweet potato fries. Maybe because it was half price night? Whatevs. Keep in mind these prices are the sale prices. That cheese plate, while good, ain't worth the full price of $13, mmkay?Weekdays 4-6 is the best time for drink specials. One night (maybe Thursday?) they feature a beer and you get to keep the glass. Wow. Awesome. Yes.I plan to make this a Sunday night tradition, as they have some mighty sexy-looking sandwiches. And I really should start loading up on the Belgian beer, seeing as how I can drunkenly stumble home!
<review# 1952,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2009,5/20/2009,4,4,7,13,12>This past Friday night, I went to Chang Jing for the second time with a friend of mine. The first time I went, I ordered the Kimchi Chigae, which was hearty and satisfying. The waiter wasn't sure if I was familiar with the dish and warned that the pork pieces were very fatty. I knew that this was common practice as the older, fermented, acidic kimchi interacts very well with the pork fat, but the pork in the stew was a bit more fatty than I had expected.The most recent time I dined at Chang Jing, my friend and I ordered their "Barbecue for 2" dinner special. What a great deal! For around $29.99, you can choose 3 types of meat that you can cook at your table. We chose bulgogi, spicy pork bulgogi, and galbi. You also get a smaller bowl of seafood soon tofu soup along with the standard banchan dishes.After turning on our table burner and letting it heat up, the waitress laid the meats along the burner with a metal tong. She came back to check a couple times and when they were sufficiently cooked, she cut the meat into smaller pieces. This made it convenient to assemble the lettuce wraps. I put some rice, spicy paste, meat, raw garlic and jalapeno inside the lettuce before stuffing it into my mouth, and the mix of flavors were so good as the garlic flavor cut through the sweet barbecue marinade. All three of the meats were good, but I particularly enjoyed the galbi. Sometimes, I worry about ordering galbi as in some restaurants there might be more bone than meat or too much fat. This was not the case here. The galbi had plenty of meat and was just fatty enough to impart tenderness and flavor. Very yummy.The seafood soon tofu soup was average, I would say. It was very satisfying for a colder than normal day, but I thought it could stand to be a bit spicier. The seafood pieces were also small, but not tough.To be truthful, I neglected most of the banchan dishes (other than the kimchi) this particular trip, because I was too busy with the meat. From what I recall from both trips, they were good but not so impressive as to make a lasting impression.At the end of the meal, they served nice chilled sikhye. Their version is a little bit different with a touch of lemon flavor. After over-eating food with such strong flavors, it was nice to drink the subtle and sweet rice drink to settle both the palate and stomach. I appreciated the pretty cups they were served in.Although the food was not the best I've ever had (though still very good), I still gave it 5 stars for a number of reasons. Primarily because I've thoroughly enjoyed dining there both times. The staff are very friendly and welcoming. Even though I've only been there a couple times and am hardly a regular, they were warm to me as though I was. Also, the price is -very- reasonable for the quality and amount of food served. It doesn't hurt that it's much closer to me than Koreatown.
<review# 1953,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/12/2009,5/19/2009,226,292,14,19,16>Finally made it out to Lumi last night after days and days of studying their menu. I knew that I wanted to eat a lot. A whole lot. Luckily I was able to eat with my girlfriend, foodie sister and her foodie boyfriend. The menu didn't stand a chance. The actual location is pretty cool, about half a block up McKinney from Primo's just before Hook, Line & Sinker. My sister said something about it previously being a day spa, and it's easy to see that from its outside appearance. The inside is simple and modern, but you can see more about how it looks in the photos section, I'm here to talk food.None of us can eat fried food right now since it's Lent so that immediately canceled out all of our empanada choices. Fortunately we've already made plans to head back the Wednesday after Easter to conquer that part of the menu. That disclaimer out of the way, here's what we ended up with:Vietnamese Summer Rolls (pork, lettuce, cucumbers, crunchy wonton and carrots wrapped in rice paper) - Delicious! So many great flavors and textures going on with these bad boys even before you dip them in the spicy sweet hoisin peanut sauce. This was the first thing they brought out and a great indicator of the meal to come. A lot places I visit pre-make their summer rolls so they've been refrigerated leaving the rice paper incredibly gummy. It's not the case here, these mofos be fresh! At this point in the meal, I was glad we fought the weather to make it down here.Chinese BBQ Ribs - Another great plate. The meat was tender and falling off the bone and the hoisin honey sauce they smothered them in was sweet and savory. Add the tiny cubes of mango salsa also stuck to various parts of the rib and you can imagine the heaven my mouth was in. Yes, I licked my fingers to make sure nothing went to waste and no, I don't have a problem admitting this. At this point in the meal, all table manners went out the window.Chinese 5 Spice Duck & Leek Dumplings w/ Spicy Plum Sauce (Steamed) - I love duck. To quote Andrew Zimmern, "It's got a great minerally taste that's just spectacular." The five spice rub on the duck and the slight aftertaste the leeks gave the dumplings worked perfectly with the chili spiked plum sauce. At this point in the meal, I started to cry because I was so happy I made it down here.Thai Panang Curry Chicken Dumplings w/ coconut-curry sauce - My favorite of all the dumplings. Great mild curry flavor and the chicken was super moist. The coconut-curry sauce was thick and creamy with strong coconut flavor that would usually turn me off, but really worked for me this time. At this point in the meal, social graces went out the window as we all fought over who of the 4 of us would get the leftover 2 dumplings.Classic Pork and Chives Dumplings w/ Lumi's House sauce - It's hard to screw up the standard, but the sauce was the real standout of this dumpling. Was it soy sauce? Was it honey? Was it hoisin? Was it sriracha? Was it all of the above? I have no idea, but it was thick, sweet, salty and perfect. At this point in the meal, we decided that Lumi would become a regular dining option.Shrimp, Cilantro & Jicama Dumplings w/ sweet & sour sauce - Ah, the only downer of the night. Our first attempt at this dumpling came out severely undercooked (I didn't notice and still ate one, I do that sometimes). We pointed it out to our waiter who apologized profusely before the co-owner came over to also apologize. He also put a rush on a fresh plate of dumplings to be brought out immediately. The second round was better, but the texture of the dumpling was very soft and caused the wrapper to tear when we went to dip it in the sauce. At this point in the meal, we all agreed this was still a great place to eat.Beyond the food, the service was incredible. Our drinks never got below half-full despite a pretty packed house. The fact the owner came over to talk to us and took the shrimp dumplings off our bill really helped make the meal. Our waiter was knowledgeable about the menu despite only 3 days on the job, and gave great tips on what to order. If it wasn't for the undercooked dumplings I'd definitely give this place 5 stars.Oh, did I mention that our entire bill was $42? Yea. It was. Hell, it was only $48 before they took the shrimp dumplings off and that included 2 iced teas (which were also delicious). At this point in the meal, I wanted to hug the owner and let him know I'd be back. Unfortunately after the Tio's Tortas incident, the restaurant business has a "Joe Clause" in their sexual harassment guidelines so a friendly Yelp will have to do.
<review# 1954,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2009,5/18/2009,6,7,4,7,7>Pouring rain + dropping temperatures + unusually slow work day = time to head to Fuel City for lunch. The tacos al pastor will cure what ails you even if you're feeling fine. Add a cup of elotes from the stand to the left and you've got a lunch that will make your coworkers muy jealous. (Or muy curious as to where exactly you've been...) I almost had to pull over to take a bite about five times on the way back to the office - and it's a ten minute drive! Go there now.
<review# 1955,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/30/2009,5/17/2009,90,127,7,12,6>Lock and load. Do you like guns and shooting? I do.  I guess I'm a Texas gal.I have been a member of this outdoor gun range for 2 years now and I love it!  It costs $10 for a year membership and then $10 each time to come and shoot.  Either bring your own gun or rent theirs.  I rent each time and buy the bullets and the total comes out to about $50 (with my target, ear piece, gun, ammo).The staff there are extremely n ice as well.  They will give you any assistance with a reminder 'crash course' if you need help with gun instruction again. Haha.They have a rifle, pistol and shotgun range.  Take your pick.  Real simple shooting for some simple fun.  Shoot yourself happy here!
<review# 1956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2009,5/16/2009,443,598,13,11,7>I like the hazelnut coffee and the one free refill. (I'll pay for my 3rd cup, it's pretty good.)I like the nice open area.I like the booths with privacy shades.I like the Asian and non-asian eye candy that stroll about.I like wide assortment of baked goodies.I like the free wi-fi.I don't like how little kids go running around screaming. I will smack your kid if I have to. Trust me, you'll thank me. I don't like how the men's restroom ran out of toilet paper. I don't like how there was no more soap in the soap dispenser. I and most other people like to have clean hands after taking care of business. MB, I know you're busy, but come on.
<review# 1957,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2009,5/15/2009,36,71,5,6,6>We went here for a family breakfast one weekend -- there were probably 8 of us. I called ahead to make sure we'd get seated, and they were SO NICE about it. I mean, they thanked ME for calling ahead. That was definitely icing on the cake.We got there and they had a table all ready for us - our waiter was Sicilian, which we had to inquire about later on, because we couldn't pick out his accent. He was very friendly, but decided that by asking his nationality, we were also asking for a history of the country. And he went into detail about Sicily and its people. Which was a little awkward.He was sweet, though. Maybe a little over the top, but very nice. And very knowledgeable.I had the Greek Fritatta, and it was outta sight. All of our dishes looked awesome, and we really enjoyed ourselves. I'll be going back here again, for sure!
<review# 1958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2009,5/14/2009,147,117,6,8,9>Hands down, there is no better patio in town.  First of all, it's HUGE(twss)!  And it has several tiers to it.  The main floor of it is all uneven brick and you just know it has been around for a while, and there's a reason for that.  Then there are two elevated decks that are both covered, and one contains a fireplace that they stoke on the cooler days, so you can snuggle up out there even if jack frost is nipping(ha. nipping).  Where else do people do that?!  Then the big uncovered deck is in the back, with a DOUBLE SIDED fireplace, and cool wooden tables built into it around the edges.  And the new bar they installed for outside, is greatness, they open those windows and booze just goes flying out.  You can just pull up a stool and catch whatever sport they got going on the flatscreen.The inside is more like a house, it's very cozy, and has that homie feel to it.  The new indoor bar is a long one, with a hallway bar feel to it, darts and tv's line the walls.  And of course, the backroom, where the greatness of Section 8 Improv Comedy takes place every Tuesday night at 9.  Check them out, it's kind of like an X rated Who's Line is it Anyway.The food is a whole other topic, and most of it is greatness.  The burgers are brilliant, and big.  And the chicken fried steak wins awards!  I mean, come on, it's gotta be good.  But the Neely's Nachos take the cake in my book.  And this place always has a deal going on. Tex Mex Monday- Dollar Margaritas!Wenesday- Dollar Domestic Beers!Thursday- $2 well!Why ever leave really?
<review# 1959,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,5/13/2009,32,42,11,12,13>I have two problems: I have drank so much coffee in the past I have now developed GERD, and when I do go to coffee shops, I attract "questionable" people that will sit next to me and talk to me while I am trying to meet my deadlines for my online classes, never fails.  Can you imagine how hard it is to write a paper on "Islamic Influences over Dance in the Middle East" when one of the employees is sitting in front of you trying to invite you to their church on Sunday mornings?  It gets very confusing very quickly!But don't get me wrong, I love meeting  new people with new things to say, and I love walking into a place with customer service where they actually want a reply to "How are you today?"  Which is the kind of service you get here.  The guys here are awesome, we have had many good talks about indie slasher films and zombies.  But I am still able to get my work done.The music is very appropriate, creating a chill coffee house ambiance.  There is extra seating upstairs, THAT'S RIGHT!  UPSTAIRS!  How fun is that?  Only one problem... sometimes kiddies think it's cool to throw things over the edge, and sometimes you get impaled by a muffin wrapper or plastic fork, but hey we were all kids once.  The coffee taste great.  Now I just walk in and tell them to surprise me, so far I have not been disappointed.  Sometimes parking can be sparse, refrain from parking in the loan place next door though, you will get towed.
<review# 1960,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,5/12/2009,95,164,10,10,9>It's only fitting that my 100th review involves the most important person in my life...my dog, Belle.I took Belle here for the first time on a beautiful Sunday afternoon.  The place was busy, but not too overwhelming.  I can't believe how big the place is!  I just moved here from NYC, so I'm used to tiny dog parks. My only complaint is that I wish there was more grass and less dirt.  Although my dog is cute, she's not really that smart and has a tendency to eat dirt.  I also wish the dog "beach" area was a little nicer with better seating and area to walk around.  I embarrassingly fell on my ass trying to maneuver the muddy downward slope.  I'm just glad I didn't end up in the lake. Overall, I think the dog park is a great addition to Dallas. I can't wait to spend more time there and explore some of the other areas around White Rock Lake.
<review# 1961,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2009,5/11/2009,213,158,14,17,15>Ice Tea served in tiny little pitchers. Yeeeeah, I knew I was gonna like this place. I'm actually not the BIGGEST bar-b-que fanatic, I mean don't get me wrong...I'll eat more than anyone when you put it in front if me...but I've never been one to think "Hey, I want some bar-b-que for lunch"...it's always just been a perk at cook-outs, picnics and family gatherings.....until now. Granted, I'm from Tennessee...home of the pulled pork BBQ doused in a vinegar sauce..YUM....but you can't beat good cow :) Red Hot & Blue adds a touch of Tenneessee to their cuisine using the "Memphis Style" to their BBQ sammiches...which means cole slaw right on top....YUMMERS. Their sides are southern-folk approved and they have sauces ranging from sweet and loverly to can't feel my face....and did you know they had HUSH PUPPIES?!??! Ok, I didnt know that....but I do now....and, well....YAY!!!  I haven't had a bad meal yet at this lick-your-fingers establishment, and I always leave stuffed to the gills....and did I mention hush puppies?!??! Oh I did? sorry....Check this place out...and get lotsa napkins!
<review# 1962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2009,5/10/2009,281,210,8,10,9>I love the Old Monk. I think I love the Old Monk because I've only ever gone with people that I love. BFFs, Sister, old high school friends. Other things I love about the Old Monk:1. Homemade lentil veggie burger2. Cute decorations for holidays3. It's so quaint I feel like Gaston's song from Beauty and the Beast could have been filmed here. 4. The lighting is romantic/hides things I don't want people to see, like my face5. Friendly, knowledgeable staff6. Indoor/Outdoor option7. Own parking lot which I've parked in every time. The luck comes from being Irish. 8. Lots of beersThe only gripe?1. (the loneliest number) It's kind of small for big group gatherings
<review# 1963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2009,5/8/2009,193,345,7,14,9>I'm teetering between 4 and 5 stars on this, but think I will stick with 4 for the time being.  I liked everything about this place, except for the fact that my spa appointment was at the same time as a yoga class, so while I was trying to get checked in there were a bunch of random barefooted people milling around and having yogi conversations.  It took a while before anyone noticed me and I made my way up to the counter to say, "yo, I'm here for my supersweet afternoon rubdown."Once I was checked in, I was led upstairs to a nice changing room and given the tour of the facilities before I put my robe on and got comfy in the quiet room, which was really actually quiet (unlike the LOUD room at Crescent Spa).  My massager (I refuse to call anyone a massuer or masseuse and dont really know the proper use of either term, is one male and one female, I'm assuming??) came to retreive me and led me to the room, which was understated and comfortable.  I didnt have to pay extra for the aromatherapy, and was offered up 3-4 scents, ranging from relaxing to exhilarating before left alone to get under the warm blankets on the massage table.  PS I could totally sleep on a warm massage table and have considered getting one just to chill out in when I've had a rough day.  Anyhow, my chick was awesome, no weird space music or crazy thoughts this time, just pure relaxation and bliss.  As it was ending I was already planning my next visit, and to my surprise as I was leaving the massage chick gave me a 25% off coupon for my next visit.  Score! Sadly, I never used it and it expired.  However, I do plan to go back - and ask for Jan! Oh, and another thing.  I have never taken a shower at a spa.  It just weirds me out and I don't have the desire.  So I usually get my clothes back on somehow over my greased up body and drive home smelling like a florist (or vaporub, depending...) HOWEVER, this place was so inviting that I actually took the plunge. After my wonderful massage, I took a shower in the amazing teak shower stall complete with honey minty shampoo and body wash.  Seriously, this is a place I will come back to.  Hopefully I will score another discount card and not forget to book a service before it expires :)
<review# 1964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,5/7/2009,1,13,5,6,6>- Ups -* Good guacamole* Great atmosphere* Great service and attention to detail* Inexpensive* For Austinians: KGSR is piped in via the internet- Downs -* Crispy tacos are mediocre and fall apart when you bite into them* Hard to find a table at lunchThe owners of Taco Joint noticed that the breakfast burrito market was pretty-much saturated in Austin, and sorely lacking in Big D.What they came up with is a quick, no-frills taco spot that serves breakfast and lunch near Peak and Gaston, two doors down from "Mo Better Kutz" that feels very Austinesque. TJ is clean, smart, easy to understand, and the service is friendly and accommodating. You walk in, place the order at the counter, and it's up in about five minutes.The menu offers the standard tex-mex fare: Chalupas, tacos, burritos, salads, quesadillas, etc. They also have some interesting breakfast offerings.Open tables can be hard to find, so it's good to have one person order while the other conducts a recon mission. The lucky ones can find some nice real estate in the rear by the huge mural painted on the back wall. J.R. Ewing looks on approvingly from his portrait near the bathrooms - marked "Juans" and "Juanitas." My girlfriend had to ask me to make sure which one she was supposed to go into. It would be really neat to see some outside seating come spring.They pipe in music from Austin's KGSR 107.1 via the internet, and it adds to the atmosphere.They have a salsa bar by the drinks where you can load up on the red salsa, tomatillo salsa (green) or jalapeno ranch sauce. It's all made fresh. The  owner told me that they make everything fresh there except for the tortillas. For now, those are best left to experts.I ordered today's special - Chicken Enchiladas ($6.99). They came with rice & beans, some lettuce, pico and jalapenos. She got the crispy taco combo ($5.99) that comes with rice & beans. We also ordered some guacamole and chips ($4). You can usually judge a Mexican food restaurant by the guacamole. TJ has the second-best guac I've had. Oddly, Chipotle is my fave. The TJ guac lets the avocado come through and adds some jalapeno for a little kick. Bueno, TJ! The tortilla chips are the thin variety, and kept breaking off in my guac. Some people like the thin chips. I like the thicker variety. The crispy tacos were just average, and completely exploded upon the first bite. Be sure to get a fork when you order them. The chicken enchiladas were good, topped with the sour cream sauce. They do refried beans well, too.I'd definitely buy a return ticket, and want to try some of the breakfast offerings.
<review# 1965,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/23/2009,5/6/2009,236,423,6,10,9>Round one at El Fogon ends with a solid three stars. I'm always biased in favor of a little niche ethnic spot, and El Fogon fits the bill by offering authentic Peruvian. The waitress explained to me that they have recently added Tex-Mex to the menu, which means they are probably hoping to expand their clientele by offering food that a wider audience is familiar with. Still - try the Peruvian! Be adventerous! I tried one of the lunch specials ($6). My food was good - I did a double-take at the strong lime flavor in the guacamole I had. It was delish! The fried rice was also good. However, the dish I chose (tostadas) was pretty simple, and I wished I'd gone for something a little more exotic and new. I will be back to try more! El Fogon is very simple and plain, and don't even play up the Peruvian aspect of their business except in the actual menu. The service was so-so, a bit too casual.
<review# 1966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/30/2008,5/5/2009,621,968,16,15,13>I'm gonna have to go ahead and agree with everyone on Victor Tango's - they have some damn fine drinks.  Went with some ladies from work and one fab Melody L from yelp to this brand new cocktail bar.  The Space - first comment I made when I walked in is "It smells 'new'."  Turns out some of the walls were made of corkboard, so that was the smell I was getting, like the new construction just finished.  Inside it was dim lighting, with a large bar area, and then away from the bar was more of a restaurant type set up.  I was surprised to see this because I thought it was just a cocktail lounge, but apparently they have food too?The Food - DUUUUUUDE it took forever to decide what appetizers to get because there were so freakin many of them.  We tried the Brie and grape quesadilla with tomato jam.  It sounds like disaster on a plate, but in reality it was delicious...we ate the entire order in about 5 seconds.  And this is no small order of appetizers, there were 6 to 8 quesadillas on the plate.  Same for the other appetizers - very good sized for a table full of hungry peeps.  The goat cheese dip was also great.  But OH DEAR BABY JESUS the chicken and waffles...why have I never had this combination of foods before???  WHY OH WHY?  This was the best thing I have put in my mouth in a while (hehe).  Fried chicken tenders, spicy, served on little half waffles with a little thing of syrup for you to pour over it.  There were six of those bad boys on the plate and if I had ordered them, I wouldn't have shared at ALL!  The spicy, salty, and sweet mixed together to cause me to temporarily forget about booze and go into a delicious food coma. And that is saying a LOT.  The Drinks - naturally the most important thing. There's a menu of about 10 drinks to choose from and making your decision is going to take a while, so just settle in and read all the ingredients for each drink.  But don't worry, I'm sure they will make you one of everything if you want.  $8 a pop, but your money goes to a classy cocktail made with 100% fresh ingredients instead of some freakin juice out of a bottle.  Tried the Pepper Smash which tasted like a refreshing red pepper if you can imagine that - and it even came with a piece of red pepper for garnish.  Then I tried the Elderflower Fizz - I do love a drink with more than one liquor in it!  The egg white is what makes it fizzy...yummmmmmy!  The Victor Tango tasted minty fresh and I couldn't even tell there was tequila in that bad boy.  The art to these drinks is that they taste good, and everything is perfectly balanced so that you cannot pick out the flavor of the alcohol itself (unlike my drinks which are more heavy on the liquor with a splash of diet coke).  The passionfruit Gimlet was also super awesome.  JP was our bartender and he was the bomb - he put a lot of work and care into each and every drink and they looked almost too good to drink when he got done...but yeah, I managed!!  They also have an interesting selection of beers and wines - not your usual offerings that you see at a bar, so if you prefer one of those then you are also going to be well taken care of.The Staff - every single bartender in here had a smile on their face...and those were some cute faces!  When we finally moved to a table our waitress Hannah was also great.  Everyone here is all smiles, like they actually LIKE their job.  Weird, how does that happen?  It definitely puts you in a good mood just stepping in there!  Even when we left, there was a cutie at the door smiling from ear to ear telling us to have a good night.The Crowd - the crowd was all over the board...just came from work, just starting a long night on the town, older, younger, all types.  There were a lot of chicks in there though, so boys take note.  People were dressed nice and others were wearing jeans.  One of the staff, maybe the manager or owner, said they were going for a casual, non-posh atmosphere at this bar and when I told him I usually hung out in Lakewood he said they wanted a feel more like that.  A neighborhood watering hole so to speak.  Well, eh, their neighborhood is just a little more upscale so of course they are going to be more upscale.  But it was a great feel and I could definitely see going there to snack and drink before going out somewhere else, like the Old Monk down the street.Overall I am sure I will be back...if not to drink myself into oblivion, then to eat more of those chicken and waffles.
<review# 1967,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2009,5/4/2009,242,446,5,5,6>If my mother opened up a cookie shop, it would be JD's Chippery.You walk in and you feel like you are in your Mom's kitchen: tacky wall-paper, silly figurines and antique-mall decorations, a couple chubby ladies behind the counter with aprons on, some bad color combinations and curtains. I get it, this place is about the cookies and not the decor. Bravo!When I was a kid I got cavities for two reasons: gummy bears and snicker doodle cookies. (Side note: what is a snicker doodle, technically? I still haven't figured that out.) So when I walked in and saw a snicker doodle I had to hark back to the good ole days and grab me one.You pay the pound for your cookies and note: BRING CASH. This joint doesn't accept my all-plastic lifestyle. Luckily I had a dollar on me, good for one cookie.The snicker doodle is light, buttery, fluffy, just crispy enough, a good size and has all the punch you want for $0.77. I'm a fan.
<review# 1968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2009,5/3/2009,895,667,9,24,19>I have to give some mad props to the culinary department at El Centro.  I just recently found out that during the Fall and Spring semesters the culinary department offers a 4-course meal to the public for only $12.  You can either go Tuesday night for dinner, or Thursday afternoon for lunch.  Check out their website for the weekly menu and to make reservations.I went last night for dinner, and it was really good.  The dinning room area where the dinner was held was decorated with white table clothes and linen napkins.  The theme was a Florida buffet so they had a slideshow showing some of the famous landmarks around Florida and nice "beach themed" music playing in the background.The menu consisted of (with my comments):Mixed green salad with tropical vinaigrette (yummy!!)Chopped cucumber salad (yummy!)Asparagus (a little too mushy)Rice and Garbanzo Pilaf (bland)Coconut Crusted Mahi Mahi with Passion Fruit Drizzle (delicious and great flavor)Mandarin Chicken (very tender and tasty)Key Lime Tart Bites (I did not try, but had some cheesecake and chocolate truffles that were AWESOME)There was also an assortment of different rolls that I over indulged myself in.Some students from the pastry department were also on hand selling different cakes and breads.  I saw a huge chocolate cake sale for $2.  I didn't have cash with me, but it sounded like everything they had was between $1 and $2.  CHEAP!The theme last night was a buffet (it's usually a sit down dinner from what I've been told).  We were treated like we were in a fancy restaurant.  There was a maître d that greeted everyone at the door.  We had a lovely waiter that took our drink order (coffee, tea, water), and other people going around picking up plates and getting anything you needed.I saw a bunch of older people come in and have dinner and buy things from the pastry students.  I heard that some of these people have been coming to El Centro for years to cash in on this awesome cheap experience.This felt close to 5-star dinning.  You can guarantee I'll be back for dinner on Tuesday.  I can't wait to see what the menu will be!!!!
<review# 1969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,5/2/2009,322,339,21,20,25>If I grew up with two sisters like these, I would most likely weigh about 50 pounds heavier. Connie and Rosanne are the siblings that founded homegrown business Two Sisters, situated on Gaston Ave on the edge of Deep Ellum. I have eaten their food dozens of times at catered events, and they are some bad-ass caterers, but I never ventured inside their deli on Gaston until today. It's a nice, quiet, little place to have lunch in the middle of the buzzing city that is Dallas. I actually forgot where I was while I was at the counter ordering my sandwich.  Their sandwiches are out-of-sight. They are made with Boars Head Deli Meats and Boars Head Cheese, and come with spreads like "sun-dried tomato mayo", "bleu cheese", and "cranberry mustard". I built a sandwich of Oven Gold Turkey on wheat with Dill Havarti Cheese, sun-dried tomatoe mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and sprouts. You better believe that sandwich was good.  I also picked up a few dessert bars named Dream Bars in case I need to bribe a cop on the way home from work.As far as their desserts go, I have never had desserts that are so fresh and sweet. Most of the desserts are cut into small squares, so you can eat a few squares before the richness kicks in, and you don't feel guilty about not finishing an entire piece of cake or overeating. It's a win, win situation. My favorites, the Baklava Bites and the mint-chocolate squares are like tiny, square pieces of heaven. If you need an event catered, look to these local girls to bring palate pleasing to the experience. Also check them out if you are looking for a unique and tasty lunch date. At the end of the day, workers at Two Sisters throw out all the food. Everything. Because of this, the deli menu will vary from day to day, but you may also get lucky if you are walking by at, lets say, closing time, and see containers of food being tossed into the dumpster. Maybe you can get a container of food for free. If I was homeless, I would live in the parking lot there and be biggest, well-feed, fat-ass bum in the metroplex. I am not too proud to dumpster dive for Baklava Bites.
<review# 1970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2008,5/1/2009,139,83,21,14,13>The wine therapist is great.  It has heavy blinds over the windows which block out the hot summer sunlight for cool daytime drinking!  This is also good so my family doesn't walk by and find out that I hit the bottle at 9 am.  The ambience is quiet and casual.  The owner walks around and checks on everybody and deals with you in a personal, engaging manner.  You get the sense that wine is her life and that she would now like to share what is special to her with you.  It's a good vibe!  They have the most delicious Pinot Noir I've tried recently.  It's called Barco -- or something...  I won't pretend to know a whole lot about wine, but I know that I could recognize THAT flavor in a heartbeat if I tasted it again.  I think that's a pretty good indication since I always take wine on recommendation from someone else that presumably knows more than I do -- and yet I'm hardly ever truly impressed.  Wine is all they have here -- and the selection is limited, but delicious.  No food, no other drinks, but the proprietor sometimes brings in a homemade Chex mix for those of you that are really desperate to snack.  You can also order delivery!  There are three groups of people that come to this bar.  One set is the at-the-bar drinkers who apparently know the owner and love to regale each other on their most recent trip to wine country or Europe.  The second group is the extremely focused and quiet Scrabble-playing brigade that sits in the center of the bar at the picnic-style tables.  They keep a dictionary on hand for players like me who like to make up words as I go.Me:  "...X... Q.... R... That's a triple word score for me with a triple letter score on the Q."  You:  "Um, I don't think that 'THJXQR' is a word.  There's not even a vowel in it.  You're full of shit!"Me:  "HOW DARE YOU SIR!  I studied at Oxford!"You:  "What?  You went to music school and dropped out!"Me: *Throws a ninja-style smoke grenade and disappears into a nearby alley*The third group is the periodically rowdy book club that sits up at the top of the stairs toward the back of the room.  They sit quietly for the most part, but then every 10 minutes they burst into a room-shaking fit of laughter that alwalys earns them disapproving glares from the Scrabble table.I don't actually know if they're a book club.  Maybe they are scientists that are conducting a social experiment on the effects of spontaneous loud laughter in quiet bars.*NOTES:  Scrabble players appear agitated.  Next laugh in eleven minutes.*I like the wine therapist a lot!  I'd give them a full five stars if they had some cheese plates or something, but then the owner would probably have to actually hire an employee and turn it into a normal restaurant.  BOTTOM LINE:Great wines at moderate prices.  It's a classy joint and yet I could probably get away with not wearing pants.  BYOF.  Four and a half stars and a place on my best of!
<review# 1971,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2009,4/30/2009,62,23,6,7,7>For any fellow Red Raiders having Chimy's with drawls: After living in Lubbock for four years and having the luxury of  Chimy's margaritas, I have been on a mission to find my Chimy's replacement margarita in Dallas. Let me just preface that I have been searching for the past two years and I have finally found it, if not topped it! The large premium margarita is a straight party in a schooner glass. Let me just say, one will do the job, or at least for me it does. I'm not talking about a fun little buzz, I'm talking about full blown wasted face ready to party drunk, hahaha. The first time I ate there I ordered their spinach quesadillas and it was disgusting. I love me some spinach, but this was probably a year's worth of spinach consumption jam packed into a tortilla, mmmm no thanks. The queso and margarita definitely made up for this disaster. The next time I went I ordered the seared ahi salad and it was incredible with a gorgeous presentation... avocado slices, tomatoes, mangoes, and seared ahi tuna over a bed of spinach in a lime vinagarette sauce = perfection. This is not your typical Mexican food restaurant, definitely a little more on the "fru-fru" side but definitely worth a visit. The atmosphere and overall design is stunning which makes a great environment to grab drinks and appetizers, and if you make it out for the rest of the night... cheers to you b/c I certainly couldn't, hahaha.
<review# 1972,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2009,4/29/2009,308,111,13,11,9>This is an Easter Miracle story. Children--gather 'round.After a hellish week of junior high band prep for UIL contest on Thursday, (and with Friday being a school holiday), I awoke on Friday morning with our straight 1's at contest still fresh on the mind. The afterglow of 6 months of 7am sectionals and score study and rehearsals X infinity was wearing off as I happily went down to my car so I could take my absolute piece-of-JUNK Sprint cellphone back to their crummy store once again. It hasn't worked in about a week.Coming around the corner I see that my nice left-rear tire is flat. Well, goody-hooray! Remembering how my spare is also flat (they say it can't be fixed), I knew immediately how screwed I was because my *phone* doesn't work to *call* anybody! Excellent super-fun! And what do you know, nobody in my urban loft dwelling owns their own air tank.Now I am skipping much of the story to the point where I had already gotten help from someone to air up my spare and hope it held long enough for me to get to a DISCOUNT TIRE so they can fix my flat real tire for free (you know, they do that).I have gone to Discount Tire for a long time and have no complaints--they do fix flats for free and ask you to buy future tires from them, which I have done. I've had tires fixed there before, but they attempted to fix my spare (which they said they don't normally do) and then declared it was unrepairable. Which is what left me in the lurch today. Thanks. They also have a brilliant talent for being closed when I need them. As I drove up Abrams to Northwest Hwy., racing against time and the measely puffs of air left in my spare, I was thinking "I bet those suckers are closed for Good Friday", then I'd think "Nah--that'd be too stock. The forces of the Universe wouldn't dare go that far in ruining this day."As I drove up to Discount Tire, I had to chuckle quietly but insanely to myself as I saw no cars in the parking lot, all garage doors closed and shuttered, and a nice big white sign that said "Closed from 12 to 3 for Good Friday".  Guess what time it was?  12:10. If those idiots had been able to fix my spare, I would've gotten there in time for them to fix my real tire! This is where I start really laughing maniacally like the Joker.So, what was I to do? I had no phone, no friends, and about 23 seconds of air left in my spare. I looked around and saw a Firestone across the street and a Pep Boys behind me. Since Firestone has historically charged me about 5 times what their services are worth and ripped me off on a couple of occasions (you need a new discombobulater here, $599.99), I opted for the emergency Pep Boys visit.So I drive up and this fattish kind of older dude who is a superviser seems confused. I walk him through all the steps of me giving him the car keys and explaining I need a tire in my trunk fixed, that the spare has a leak too but I was told was unfixable.The garage bays were fairly clean, there was a crew of dudes bustling around, but the payout counter and waiting room were filthy. Broken TV, no space, and lots of thugs hanging around coughing and sneezing. Great. I wandered the store a bit, got bored and hit the waiting room to watch through the window as they worked on my car.It was already up in the air and they had my spare off and were working on it. I'm like "idiots--not that one". But whatever, I let 'em waste their time. Then my real tire came out and they worked on it. Took about 20 minutes--the guys were all about business. I wondered how much it was gonna cost for all this. $20? $30? But I was prepared to pay whatever just to get it done. Finally they dropped my car back down with the normal tire on it. I watched the guy struggle getting my spare back in the trunk with all the gizmo-jacks and whatnot, but he finally did it. Dude looked like someone out of "From Dusk Til Dawn".Anyhow, he drove the car around and the fat guy got the keys from him. I was waiting on the price tag (and here's the Easter miracle), and the slower, fat white guy simply handed me the keys and mentioned "we fixed the spare too. Here you go." I was like "huh? uh, they said the spare couldn't be fixed." And he said "no, we fixed it." I'm cautiously allowing myself to think "No charge?" but I didn't say it out loud. I just sort of took the keys from him, he said "think of us next time you buy tires" and I said "uh, I will?" and about-faced myself out to the car and got the heck out of there!So, to summarize, I'm giving them 4 stars for being efficient and good (and free) when I needed them badly, but couldn't give them the 5 for being pretty dirty in some areas (waiting room) and no functioning TV or radio.The End.That was long, huh?
<review# 1973,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/26/2008,4/28/2009,18,56,2,6,5>The food is good.  Not much of the healthy variety.  If you are looking for a burger, you'll hard pressed to find much better.  The "fixin's" are fresh and crisp.  The bun is soft and the meat is delicious.  A secret goodness to the burger is that it is only 6 oz.  So, while not good for you, it restrains itself just a bit.The fish and chips are done well.  The fish is always crisp, never mushy.  The Fries?  Thin, crispy and oh so good.The blood orange margaritas don't taste at all what they look like.  They look like they are going to taste like some sort of hawaiian punch drink.  They have a tart, salty goodness to them.  Not too sweet at all.The thing about the Porch is that it's damn expensive for burgers, fish and chips, and margaritas and/or beer.
<review# 1974,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,4/27/2009,126,176,10,11,11>It's always hard to see people a decade younger than you show more talent in a two hour production than you can ever muster in your lifetime, but its Christmas time, and I won't spend it wallowing in my childhood dreams of being a famous actress/singer/dancer/comedienne and...yes, kung fu expert.  Anyway, the Christmas Carol at the DTC is the perfect event to put you in the mood of the season.  For 2 hours, forget the elbow-shoving of shop-a-thons and the fact that our nation keeps giving money to people who would rather piss on it than use it to "stimulate" the economy.  This production has some great talent and innovative sets.  You just can't go wrong with a rotating stage.  Quaint yet classy, even the mezzanine seats were divine, and dare I say preferable than sitting a few rows back on the main floor.
<review# 1975,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,4/26/2009,23,63,3,7,6>I love small authentic tacos.  My husband and I are always on a hunt to find some good authentic tacos and Urban Taco did not disappoint.  We wandered into Urban Taco recently with no real expectations as to what we were going to be getting.  A few people were sitting outside, the place was not packed on the inside.  I ordered a grilled shrimp taco, carnita taco, and a michelada with clamato.  My husband had a fajita torta.  Both of our orders came out quickly and were excellent.  Our waitress was very sweet and prompt.  As we were finishing our dishes, I mentioned to my husband that I saw some sort of churro and ice cream thingy on the menu.  His eyes lit up and we decided to share an order.  The order was six medium sized churros and a small dish of ice cream.  Heaven!  We scarfed that down and left with content bellies.  I would go back to UT for tacos, or just that churro ice cream stuff.
<review# 1976,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/21/2008,4/25/2009,92,346,20,9,8>In the spirit of full disclosure, I walked into this restaurant with the intention of breaking up with my boyfriend.  Otherwise, I might have been charmed by the cheery fat guy's greeting and idle chatter instead of having an I-Want-To-Choke-You moment.  I also might have been more amused than annoyed about the hostess asking for a name (why?) so that our waiter could cheerily hop over to our table thirty seconds later and freakishly greet us by name (oh).Speaking of tables, we got one that was absolutely perfect for a breakup conversation.  (This was entirely thanks to the foodie gods, since we had no reservation and the place was pretty full.)  We were seated at a corner table with a big wall on one side (separating us from the kitchen) and a good distance from the next table over.  The noise of the restaurant masked our conversation (or lack thereof), but being in the corner enabled us to have a downright unpleasant conversation without needing to yell (although, you know, there were times when I wanted to anyway).  In other words, if you need to break up with someone, there's pretty much no better spot in Dallas.Things got a little brighter when the popovers (a pastry for which I have had a constant craving ever since my aunt baked fresh ones for breakfast when I was eight) arrived.  I liked that we each got our own.  If I had been in the mood to talk to the waiter, I would have asked for a second, and I bet he would have given it to me.  (By the end of the evening, having overheard bits and pieces of our conversation, he was afraid to even look me in the eyes.  If he had, his response would have gone something like this: "More popovers?  You got 'em.  Chef's secret recipe?  Sure.  Just please don't direct your wrath in my direction!!")Mmmm so let's get to the main course, shall we?  I had the special (hey, go out with a bang, right?), which was a weirdly fatty piece of swordfish that supposedly came with skewers of shrimp and pineapple but actually didn't (they were meagerly placed on top).  My side (recommended by the waiter in what I suspect was an attempt to make a fast getaway) was the asparagus, which was in a yummy sauce (but ehhh it's still asparagus).  My boyfriend got the tuna (meh) with a side of adult mac-n-cheese, which was DIVINE.  Of course, you could pour truffle oil on moldy bread and I would devour that shit, so get a second opinion.I couldn't finish my swordfish or my (commandeered) mac-n-cheese, but we still forced ourselves to stuff down dessert.  I am the queen of bread pudding and always try it at restaurants to make sure my recipe (developed over the course of 3 years) is still the best.  (It is.)So, to finish this review, I know what question is REALLY on all of your minds.  Yes, my boyfriend and I are still together.  What can I say?  Everyone deserves a second (third, fifth, tenth, twentieth) chance.  (Okay, okay, I'm a softie.)
<review# 1977,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2009,4/24/2009,19,11,7,8,6>I had no idea what good BBQ was until I moved to Texas.  I am from Indiana, so I had been completely clueless to the concept of Pit BBQ. A friend suggested Hard Eight for lunch today, and it was worth the drive to Coppell.  I would recommend a somewhat early lunch, as when we were leaving, there wasn't much parking available.  You walk up to the most incredible aromas to the outside BBQ pits where you order from a plethora of meats displayed.  You order by the pound, so you can order as much or as little as you want.  I opted to try the brisket, jalepeno sausage, ribs and some sort of meat wrapped in bacon.  All of it was delicious, and I'm sitting back at my desk in an absolute food coma.  I have to say, aside from the food, my favorite part about this place was the decor inside.  I shared my lunch experience with a wide variety of stuffed game, my favorite of which was the bobcat wearing Mardi Gras beads.
<review# 1978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2009,4/22/2009,68,80,8,10,7>Why Toulouse hasn't received more 5-star ratings confuses me.  The food there is fantastic.  Okay, first off you HAVE to have the mussels.  And don't worry; there are several flavours to choose from, so your palate is sure to be pleased.  I chose the kalamata olive and tomato sauce mussels and was not disappointed.  A steaming bowl, generously filled with mussels and delicious sauce (which I admittedly ate like a soup once the mussels were sadly gone), was brought out for me and my boyfriend to share as an appetizer.  You can also order mussels for your main course.  My sister and her boyfriend had the ginger and jalapeno mussels, which they devoured as quickly as we did.For my main course, I had the roasted leg of lamb, which was also scrumptious.  Tender, perfectly cooked lamb with a delicate sauce....YUM!!! Not too rich like some sauces can be, so the flavour of the meat really came through.  It was served with veggie ratatoulli and potatoes au gratin.  A nice match, though I do wish the ratatoulli had been grilled.Since it was my birthday, I received a complimentary desert of my choice, and I decided to have the profiteroles, which were SO tasty...I also appreciated the discrete birthday display and no loud singing or gong banging you get at some restaurants!  So, the food was great.  The atmosphere is also very nice.  The lighting is great and makes for a great date atmosphere...very romantic and soothing.  The use of long curtains draping the walls is creative, and the mural above the booths is an....interesting touch! Very creative indeed.  Adds a sense of humour.  I highly recommend Toulouse, not only for a date night, but for dinner with your friends or even a couple drinks in a relaxing atmosphere.  The patio out front is heated during the winter, so you can't go wrong.  And parking is usually pretty easy to find, so this place is ideal!
<review# 1979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2009,4/21/2009,220,341,12,17,11>It is now time to start pulling out your bibles and doing a deep read of the last chapter.  Yep, the end of the world is coming.  I am the biggest sushi snob I know.  I hate buffets in general, and a sushi buffet sounds like a crime against all that is good in the world.  With that being said, I need to report to you that I've found a good sushi buffet.  Oxymoron?  Nope, this place manages to pull it off.I will not lie, it is not the 'best' sushi and sashimi I've ever had.  BUT it is really good for a buffet.  At $15 bucks for lunch and under $30 for dinner, I'm not complaining!  The sushi and sashimi are well cut, and there is a decent variety.  The fish is also rotated out quickly, so it isn't sitting around for long.  The rolls are decent as well.  They depend a lot on the crab salad filling as a base for 75% of the rolls, but again...no complaining for the price.There is a vast array of salad, soup, dessert, and hibachi items to divert you from the sushi and sashimi.  They looked yummy, but I stuck with the basics.  They will also fix shabo-shabo at your table.  I've never been a fan of that soup style (again confirmed on my visit), so next time I'll pass.  I tried to pass on the ice cream, but ended up caving.  It is DELISH and there are so many flavors to choose from!The restaurant staff is super friendly and made sure I was happy for the duration of my visit.  I could not have asked for more lavish attention!  They genuinely care that you are having a positive dining experience.  Megan and Aimee, thanks for your great reviews about this place!  I concur, it is awesome!  It is a fabulous spot for yummy sushi on a budget during this recession!  I'll be back for lunch this Thursday!Oh my...the end is near!
<review# 1980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2009,4/20/2009,100,86,11,11,12>Yup, been on a bit of a reviewing hiatus lately because I somehow convinced myself that earning a paycheck was more important than applauding and berating the food in my life.  This place let me see the error of my ways.  The hubster and I grabbed sample cups and shamelessly tried all (yup, all) the flavors.  I like to think it was in the name of research and not sheer gluttony.  I opted for the plain tart (I always do) because it gives me the most freedom to go buck wild with toppings.  Today, the toppings of choice were cheesecake, brownie and mochi.  The yogurt was good (not too sweet or icy) but it's the toppings that set this place apart.  Most places have the slightly stale brownies and mochis but here, the toppings are like fluffly pillows of goodness.  Yup, I said it.  The place is super cute and there's a man there who does a meticulous job of cleaning up drips.  Gotta love a clean yogurt machine.  Thanks Yogilicous for helping me get mah' Yelp groove back on!
<review# 1981,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2009,4/19/2009,1147,1223,3,11,6>I usually love this place..the atmosphere and decor is modern, bright, and pretty, food is good etc. But this particular visit, I was unimpressed.Tricia O and I met up here for brunch and the place was almost completely empty. The menu is pretty small, but we figured we could try a couple of different things to share..except that "there are no panqueques..it will take 40 mins" Are you SERIOUS? C'mon..it's brunch, ppl want the food that is on the menu and you just opened!So no, panqueques..we just got an omelette and bananas & berries. Everything came out looking beautiful. The fruit was good (but you just rinse it off and dust powered sugar). The omelette was very very small. We split it and fortunately I went to a friends house after and had some snacks geez! Plus it was pretty runny. I was starving so I didn't feel like complaining. The potatoes on the otherhand were cooked very nicely--crisp, tender, soft, and just enough salt.I love you Alo, but you are just not made for mornings it seems. I'll do desayuno elsewhere
<review# 1982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2009,4/17/2009,19,148,,7,6>This is my second visit to Jorg's, and this one went much better. The food was good German food, the wurst sandwich came on a SLAMMIN' pretzel roll. Staff was attentive but did not hover, and there was the exact right amount of Austrian music (why is restaurant music usually so farking loud?).  Actual biergarten in the back. Ambience-wise, this is exactly what I want a little eatery to look like and feel like.
<review# 1983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,4/16/2009,120,67,9,24,13>What can I say about Feral Friends? I hope there isn't a limit in this box. This is a long story, but I think it needs to be told. Last year a cat was in front of my office building and she looked so thin, so... I bought some meat from the vendor in the building and fed her, she was very hungry and over the next week she kept coming back and some of my co-workers started feeding her as well. Oops, within a few days we had a litter. 5 kittens - 3 boys, 2 girls and their Mom, whom I lovingly named Pickle. :) Well, we brought cat food (soft) and put it out daily. They liked hanging around in the huge bushes, but we quickly discovered how annoying those bushes were as people tried to catch them to give them a home. Needless to say weeks and weeks passed by and they were getting bigger and since they were bigger, people didn't want them hanging around the property any longer (they didn't mind when they were kittens, you see.), moving on (grumble). The property manager threatened to call Animal Control where they would, more than likely, be euthanized, but... I wasn't going to let that happen and neither were my co-workers. Well, we had to think fast, and this is where Feral Friends came in. They helped us with the process and in our understanding of feral cats, they even gave us a humane trap(with a refundable deposit) for our project. The babies were too old to be domesticated at this point, they said it is recommended that you do this by 8 weeks at the latest, they were 10+ weeks.  We set the trap and, ideally, we wanted to release them back where we got them from, unfortunately that wasn't an option. Then we couldn't find any non-kill shelters with room to take our babies and FF provided us with options. 3 of the 5 babies were caught and they were neutered/spayed and received their shots for a very, VERY reasonable price, thanks to the vets recommended by Feral Friends (these vets work *WITH* FF). After much blood (refused to declaw them) the 3 babies had a new home on a farm, where they are taken care of. Without FF I have no idea what we would have done, they worked with us and were so incredibly friendly. Thanks to them 3 big cats have a loving home and I owe them much more than I can ever repay, but they will always receive my support! After trying to catch the remaining 2 kittens multiple times, they seemed to go find different spots to claim for themselves and that was enough to calm down the kitty cat naysayers; however... recently 1 found her way back over to our building and... we have 6 kittens. And so the saga continues...I encourage everyone to practice TNR (Trap, Neuter, Release) if you have feral cats near you. :) And if you're looking for a cat, check their website, they have tons for adoption! ^.^ Sorry for the epic story, but it needed to be done because I love this place.
<review# 1984,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2009,4/15/2009,245,639,,10,4>i was admitted to the ER today. my experience at Las Colinas Medical Center was a good one from a customer service perspective. they have an organized system and the doctors and staff are very friendly. convenient location, too. the only downfall is that they move slow. very slow. it wasn't crowded at all and it took 3.5 hours for me to be taken care of.
<review# 1985,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2009,4/14/2009,30,49,2,7,5>MMM...Dragonfly. I love it here. Ok, I'll admit, I have a multitude of early memories of middle school mother & daughter brunches here...so I may have been brainwashed early on, but I guess it's stuck. Dinner here, at least once a month when I lived in Dallas. One of my best friends had her graduation party here (girls night take note: back room). Now, it's always a stop on my list when I come home for breaks. I was here most recently when I stayed at ZaZa over New Year's, and it was fabulous as usual! I honestly really love everything about the restaurant (and the hotel, along those lines). The decor and ambiance -- totally European sexy and seductive. Classy and sophisticated, eclectic and unique, artsy and modern and traditional all in one. Great for a date. Guys take note: especially if you're hoping for some hanky panky afterwards...romance is in the air...Anyways, I always find service here to be consistent, which is one of the reasons I love it. The hostess always helps with chairs and napkins (particularly nice if you need a color swap), and the waiters always make fabulous wine pairing recommendations and make the specials sound out of this world. My tip is to always have someone you're dining with get one of the specials. In this case, my date had the Surf and Turf special, which was a delicious NY Strip (and I usually go for filet/tenderloin or ribeye/prime rib cuts) and lobster tail. I had the salmon dish and we started with soup and salads. The menu is small, but I always find the dishes to be exquisite and unique in tastes and textures, and while some sound weird sometimes, the chefs do an excellent job of complementing and balancing. Also the small menu changes quite often, which is always nice and fun...there's almost always a surprise. For dessert we had the decadent chocolate cake! Definitely hit up Dragonfly on your next time in Uptown or your next visit to Dallas. I for one love the escape...
<review# 1986,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2009,4/13/2009,37,19,5,9,6>Another East Dallas gem and a great place to shop for those in-the-know. An excellent selection of Italian meats and exotic cheeses. Also, you must pick up a dozen of Mama's meat balls. (Seriously, you must!) This is the only Sicilian deli that I have found that compares to the amazing Italian shops I frequented during my school days in Chicago. They also stock a huge pasta and Italian wine selection and often sell cases at significant mark downs.   Side Note: I once bought some cheese from Jimmy's on the recommendation of one of the butchers (he said it was only available once a year) with the strict instructions that it had to be eaten as soon as it was unwrapped because it would ripen quickly and spoil in a matter of a few hours. Once opened at a party, the cheese adjusted to room temperature and immediately started to change consistency and taste. We didn't give it the chance to spoil because it was gone in an hour, but it was amazing. The flavor actually improved as the evening progressed.Standouts:- Mama's meatballs- Cannoli (as in "leave the gun take the...")- Cuban Sandwich- Homemade vodka sauceFive stars just aren't enough.
<review# 1987,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2009,4/12/2009,8,19,5,7,7>I have been frequenting Teppo for years. I first tried it in 2005 when I was in culinary school. This is one of the few sushi restaurants in all of the Metroplex that stood out and continues to shine in an over circulated market. There are only two places I frequent for sushi: Teppo and Yutaka(Oishi is a great sushi spot for lunch I will say though). I am not dissing the food quality of the other places I have tried in Dallas + surrounding areas. I simply wouldn't give any other sushi place a 5(that I have tried at least). Nobu is too expensive and impersonal. Tei Tei Robatta I feel has lost a lot of luster and it is a bit cliquey for my expectations. Mr Sushi is too far away, as is Sushi Sake. Anyways, back to Teppo. The sake list is formidable and there is an adequate price range for those that don't want to splurge.  For those that like variety there are 4 menus: Sushi, Specials, Yakitori, Cold/Hot  (5 if you want to count the sake menu) I have never had a bad piece of fish, raw or cooked, from this spot(baby yellowtail, mackeral, snapper, toro etc always very fresh). The rolls are also excellent, one can expect perfection from a simple veggie roll or even a fried roll. The raw fish I think is too good to eat in rolls unless you are very particular about how you enjoy it. The specials menu provides the diner with exposure to a number of ephemeral delicacies which are often changing if not seasonal. Specials in recent months include: grilled Alaskan King Crab, Kumamoto Oyster on the half shell, Monkfish Pate, a deconstructed California roll,  japanese snapper sashimi(in a vinegar sauce), gobo root soup, wonderful carpaccios/tartares cut from various fish. I could go on about the specials, I always enjoy trying new items that pop up upon returning here. The Yakitori menu features a lot of items I feel I have to order every time... the eggplant kushiyagi is some of the most exquisitely cooked eggplant in the city. I love eggplant but usually can't rely on restaurants to get it right. This place does. The sirloin, also amazing. The trio of okra, shitake, and squash is fantastic. If you really want to spoil yourself(nutritionally and economically) then get the scallops wrapped in bacon. The grilled rice ball with miso from the hot menu is also an affordable treat.  The servers are also professional and attentive even when it is busy. This is my first review on Yelp so I hope some people find it helpful. I imagine it is too long for most. I thought I would start by reviewing a restaurant that I can't help myself from frequenting despite the wealth of restaurants that we as Dallas diners have to choose from.
<review# 1988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2009,4/11/2009,102,49,6,11,5>"Can I bring my dog in here"? " Oh ya, Chloe is here everyday. She is the owners dog". Great, I like them already.... Whoa! Swanky! This chic, cozy, little boutique packs a mean retail punch in my wallet every month! Located in the west village, next to Starbucks, it is super convenient for last minute "date" shopping! From flirty tops and dresses to Twisted Heart sweats, this place has it all. Every brand here is upscale and you won't find every Mindy and Cindy in town wearing them. They always have great sale items going on too. Aside from the amazing clothing, the jewelry here is AMAZING! By far the best fashion jewelry place in the city. Sometimes, it can get a bit pricey, but like I said, it is the BEST. Trendy pieces flocked with semi precious stones that are perfect to take your ensemble to the next level. Most importantly, the women that work here, including the owner, are so fantastic. Extremely helpful, warm, and they will never tell you something looks good..... and let's face it...your ass looks huge. Instead, they will recommend other options and keep the clothes train goin! Choo! Choo! Around Christmas time, the owner Laura Bush... yes that is really her name, gave me a fifty dollar gift certificate to her store! Just for being a good customer! WOW!!!! WHO DOES THAT?! I used it to get myself the most perfect Hale Bob holiday party dress! Before you go to Northpark, come here! You will be glad you did! L. Bartlett is by far the BEST boutique in West Village!
<review# 1989,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2009,4/10/2009,51,309,11,12,10>You'd think a recession, a mortgage crisis, banks failing, and government handouts would stop banks from sponsoring free tickets to the museum... but I guess Bank of America didn't get the memo, because the wife and I got free tickets courtesy of Bank of America's "Museums on Us" promotion.With tickets in hand, we ran to the entrance like excited little kids and found ourselves in the midst of... excited little kids.  Seriously, the wife and I were the only ones there without kids!  That still didn't stop us from enjoying the Science Building and all of the hands on exhibits (the Raise the Roof exhibit rocked, as did the big bubbles).  After the Science Building, we headed to the Nature Building and it was like we stepped into a ghost town... the exhibits looked untouched since the 70's and there was hardly a soul around.  We then sauntered over to the planetarium building and plunked down $2 each for a cute presentation about the Texas Night Sky.All in all, a good, and in-expensive, way to spend a Sunday afternoon.  I'm sure we'll be back again if we ever have visitors with kids or kids of our own.
<review# 1990,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2009,4/9/2009,55,23,1,8,4>Super cute place, super yum food. :)I really like this place. Just from the outside you definitely wouldn't expect their decor, but this place is cute and trendy without trying too hard. You can come in and have a nice meal, and it's a good date place. I went here for the second time with my family the other day and we loved it!! We used to come to this place all the time when it was another Thai restaurant and we were sad that it closed, but this place def makes up for it!They have daily martini specials for $7 and they're really yummy. It's a bit on the pricier side for Thai food, but you pay for the decor and the service. I promise it's worth it. The Pad Thai is really good, and the simple Chicken Fried Rice is absolutely delicious and really flavorful... We ordered the red curry which came with a side of white rice and it was really good! Very healthy and the vegetables were delicious. The Thai Crispy Sea Bass is also really good and comes with lots of veggies too, perfectly cooked.I definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a little neighborhood gem. Beware, it is pretty cramped inside, but it adds to the cozy atmosphere. What's also nice about it is that you can order online and pick it up! Very nice and convenient. I'll def be at this place again. :)
<review# 1991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,4/8/2009,725,843,11,15,15>RIBTACULAR LUNCH SPECIAL ALERT! $5.41 Wednesday = RIBS, mashed potatoes, vegetable, salad or slaw, rolls and tea. It's a huge amount of food. You can add a dollar and upgrade those mashed taters for a baked potato with sour cream, cheese and butter. It was GREAT! The ribs are--in fact--ribtacular. There was a huge amount of meat and I pulled the bone right out of it. Outside was crispy and smokey. Inside was tender and juicy. There were three of them and yes I'm so full I may actually explode. We are all waiting for that moment, aren't we? It is inevitable. I also picked up some sandwiches last night to take to my step-dad in the hospital (knee replacement that went very well). Chopped beef and chopped beef with sausage, baked potato and potato salad. He pronounced it yummy...yummy enough that I did not get any. It looked really good. I did sneak a taste of the potato salad, creamy with lots of flecks of pepper and pickle, mustard style. It was some of the best I've had. While I was waiting for my sandwiches last night I got to meet some of the folks who work at and or own Hickory House. This place has been in business since the 50's. WOW! That's some history for you. I'd love to sit down and go, "so on the day Kennedy was assasinated what was the mood in here? What were people saying? So, when we landed on the moon...." You get the idea. There's a place for car hops to deliver food to the car. There's a dining room for sit down dinner. And they are open until 9 p.m. It's almost right across the street from Fuel City. This place is a keeper. And I hear rumors of excellent enchilada platter and chicken fried steak. I will keep you abreast of the situation as it unfolds.
<review# 1992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2008,4/7/2009,2046,587,6,13,10>Okay, so this may sound a little biased because I'm Leigh's (see below) spin partner...but holy toledo, I LOVE this place!Let me just start by saying I hate gyms. I hate the environment that is standard to almost ALL of them...heavy initiation fees, starter fees, monthly draft fees, cancellation fees...FEES, FEES, FEES. Not to mention the looks you get from the buffs that literally do nothing but strap themselves to a treadmill and duct tape their hands to free weights.This place is a haven for all gym-haters. I hadn't ever tried spinning until a few weeks ago and now I'm addicted and I think it's partly due to the awesome instructors here.My favorite class is with Tawana...she's a damn drill sargeant! I HIGHLY suggest giving the studio a try. If you don't like it, well you're only out seven bucks. Seriously.Just don't tell everyone...shhh. I don't want the classes to get any bigger!
<review# 1993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2009,4/6/2009,8,18,5,15,10>Lives up to the hype. Just to give you an idea of the level of service here: Two of us were dining, and had no idea there was anybody within fifty feet of us. My companion then accidentally knocked over her (empty) wine glass, and before it could even hit the floor, a waiter seemed to materialize out of nowhere and calmly catch it. Any time we had a question about anything on the menu or wine list, a member of the staff seemed to magically appear and answer in an extremely knowledgeable and friendly manner. It would be hard to imagine that better service exists anywhere on the planet. If it does, I certainly haven't experienced it. I have experienced food as good as this several times (including here in town at Abacus); but, from New York to Paris to Hong Kong, I have never experienced better. From the pate to the souffle (and everything in between), there simply was no lapse in quality...everything was 5-star. The decor, while not my style per se, is perfectly grandiose for this restaurant. In fact, it would be worth paying top dollar just to sit and drink water here. Oh, and have I mentioned? The prix fixe dinner is around $80, with the wine pairing for a little less. I have paid two or three times this for lesser meals in New York and California.I can see why Zagat (that old 20th-century rating system) gives this place 29's across the board. There's really not much room between here and the top. And while I still prefer Abacus (it's more my style), I still would never fault anyone for saying that this is the best restaurant in town.
<review# 1994,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/2/2009,4/4/2009,136,135,12,11,13>In the words of Christopher Walken, Wowee wow wow. So far, this is by far the best Chinese food I have eaten since moving to Texas and probably since visiting China itself in March 2007. Served family style and with at least, hrm... 12 of us in attendance (I think there may have been one or two more) we were all able to sample and taste a HUGE variety of dishes. I ordered the combination soft noodle, also known as lo mein, but was disappointed to find out that there was a lot of seafood in it. No big deal, I pulled out what I wanted and next time know to order just beef or chicken. I also ordered a giant plate of baby boy choy which made my toes curl with delight! I love me some Chinese cabbage, baby boy choy and any other type of Chinese veggie sauteed up with garlic and oily, brothy goodness that I can't even begin to tell you how happy I was I could order it. It wasn't exactly on the menu, so just be sure to ask. The staff is totally authentic, except for the lone Mexican waiter which threw me off a bit, but that's ok. The hanging ducks and chickens also give First Chinese BBQ plenty of street credit in my book. The oolong tea was delish, although I prefer mine piping hot. You also can't beat BYOB. I've yet to experience a BYOB restaurant in Texas, so another first for me. Katie C. and I were able to bag some sweet camouflaged Miller High Life's in 16 ounce cans, adding to the classiness of our dinner. No one seemed to mind, but perhaps that's because they couldn't see it. I got to meet some new Yelpers, eat tasty Chinese food and throw back some High Life. And, we didn't get any cheesy fortune cookies with our bill. Which by the way, only totalled $117. For that many of us eating, I felt like we were robbing them blind. I would have like to have tipped more (because that's just the way that I am) but we gave above the standard at 20%. We had so much food on our table there was no place to put it. I recommend the soft noodle, the baby boy choy, the flat noodle and the BBQ pork was pretty damn good for someone like myself who usually doesn't like pork. First Chinese is as close to China as you can get.
<review# 1995,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,4/3/2009,28,17,7,13,10>Here is a great place to purchase any and all of your novelty gifts, lewd and crass greeting cards, giant sized Zeppelin or Pink Floyd posters (if you need them so), one of a kind T-shirts and of course... your tobacco-smoking accessories!Like most "novelty" gift shops (head shops!), this place is fairly comprehensive in it's inventory.  What makes this place standout (for me) is the larger, spacious storefront that is usually clean fairly well organized.  For Austinites who might be familiar with, "Planet K," you will find this place to be much less crammed, clumsy and uncomfortable to move around in as well as a friendlier, more attentive staff.  'Attentive' without being pests.  You will also find that their prices always meet and many times compete with most other head shops in the area and in the State.While Pipe Dream on Greenville has a friendly staff, parking is usually a difficult effort or impossible.  I've also found that they are frequently sold out or out of stock on specific items that I've ventured there for.  The Gas Pipe has always carried or stocked about any item that I might be looking for.In short, I highly recommend The Gas Pipe when you are inclined to purchase items found only in a, "novelty" gift shop!
<review# 1996,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2009,4/1/2009,36,46,9,11,11>So you've always wanted to go up to the top of Reunion Tower, eh?Mesmerized by those twinkling lights as you drive up I-35?With Five Sixty, it is safe to take the plunge, or, uh, ascension...i suppose. This is a beautifully designed restaurant, well worth the trip. Even better, if you happen to be on the DART line, cruise on down to Union Station like we did. TOO easy.Afraid of the price?Don't be. We went with no intentions of making a reservation and it was totally worth it.  They serve sushi as well as a few other apps in the lounge area. We highly recommend the Crispy Tempura Dragon Roll...dericious...Also, I ordered the Sidecar...fan-freaking-tastic cocktail.Oh, and then there is the view....che bella.All said and done, the damage was about $30 a person. Not bad for a schmancy place. Oh and don't worry about what to wear, there are ALL types of folks up there...tourists in t-shirts, 30,000 millionaires, etc...just be yourself.Enjoy.
<review# 1997,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2009,3/31/2009,160,643,10,15,9>One of my best gal pals wanted to go to lunch on Sunday. She knows she never has to twist my arm to go out to eat. We decided to explore Cafe Italia and see if it was any good.Well it is!The interior was rather dimly lit but once our eyes adjusted, it has a homey feel. The paintings of mobsters on the back wall cracked me up. When my close buddy asked for wine, the server said, "We don't sell wine." *pause* "But I can give you some of the house wine we keep in the back."  And he brought us two glasses of red wine on the house! I was stunned. This is a BYOB place but we didn't know. I guess since my friend is cute and blonde we got the five star treatment but I suspect they treat everyone well all the time. Calamari? very goodVeal Marsala on my plate? fabulousVeal Jerusalem on my friend's plate? stellarsides of pasta with marinara sauce? ehh. Steer clear of their red sauce. its a bit on the sour side.Tiramisu? oh sweet jesus.. some of the best tiramisu on the planet. and if the tiramisu wasn't enough our host refilled our wine glasses when he brought the dessert out.I heartily recommend giving this place a whirl. Take a bottle of wine in with you and estimate you're going to spend around 25 dollars a person to do it up right.Might I add its a quiet place on Sunday afternoon so this could be an ideal location for a fun bridal shower. I bet with some advance notice they'd welcome that kind of thing. Cafe Italia reminds me quite a bit of Denunzio's in PA where we had many a fun bridal shower in case you were wondering how I made this strange jump from tiramisu to bridal shower.
<review# 1998,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,3/30/2009,20,33,4,7,6>Wow this place Rocked my world! I went today for my birthday and really had a great time.I ordered the Chicken Fried Steak with Taters and Gravy. This was not your typical Chicken fried steak because the steak wasn't pound thin like other restaurants serve. I will upload a photo so you can see my meal. I pretty much ate the entire thing. My husband ordered the Texas Peach BBQ pork tenderloin. I took a bite of his meal and it was very tasty. The BBQ sauce was mild and a little sweet and complimented the pork. The bourbon creamed corn wasn't what I expected. Usually cream corn has a thick "creamy" consistency but this one was not creamy at all. It looked like the corn was roasted instead and I must say it was very tasty! For dessert we ordered the "Mini-Trio". We had the Cherry limeade pie, Butterfinger Creme Brulee, and Vanilla Toast A La Mode with candied Pecans and Bananas. Oh my goodness it was Yummy. The waiter, Gary, was very polite and knowledgeable about the menu. He informed us that Brunch is also served Saturday and Sunday. I plan on trying their brunch at some point. Overall I enjoyed the atmosphere, food, service and the location.
<review# 1999,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2008,3/29/2009,259,574,9,14,11>Like Kathryn E - I too was out of a stylist after my move to Dallas - I was able to fit in hair appointments at home when I visited sometimes, but the last few months it didn't happen and my hair was showing it! I was leery of getting a new stylist - as most girls are - but when I saw the reviews for Orange I was excited to try them out.I booked Andrea for my color and she was AWESOME!! I told her what I was looking for and she made it happen.I booked Todd for my cut and he was also awesome! I was contemplating bangs and he suggested we "ease" into such a drastic change by just doing some face framing today and then see how I feel next time. It's perfect. It's different without being like CRAZY different (I have engagement pics next week and didn't want to have any thing drastic changed before them).The decor of Orange is SO cute! There are gnomes all over and orange things everywhere. It's totally adorable.And when you're done you can go to Monica's and have drinks and dinner! :)
<review# 2000,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2009,3/28/2009,136,202,6,9,8>For my Mom's birthday, I wanted to take her somewhere special for brunch.  The place she suggested was booked, so I turned to Yelp for help.  I decided on St. Martin's, and luckily they had availability.  I knew I was going to like this place when I walked up to the door and they had a big "NO CELL PHONES" sign.  Thank you!  Nothing is worse than having your meal ruined by someone loudly yapping on their cell.  It feels a bit weird going into St. Martin's on a bright sunny day.  It's fairly dark and romantic inside, and I was blinded for a few minutes after I entered the restaurant.  Our table of six was seated at an elevated table in the side room.  They repeatedly warned us to watch our steps, which was appreciated.  They must have had some interesting topples around that table over the years.For brunch, you get your choice of mimosa/champagne, soup/salad/fruit, and entree for $15.95.  They also bring out a basket of bread and muffins.  Given that their dinner entrees alone cost more than that, it's a great deal.   As Nick M. said, it's definitely $$$ for dinner, but for brunch you can get the same quality, and probably the same portions, for $$.Most of us started with the sinfully rich champagne brie soup.  According to some friends, this soup is legendary, and they weren't lying.  My Mom, who was being virtuous, started with the fruit, but tried the soup and said, "This is what they must serve in heaven."  Yes, this soup was so good that, had we not been in public, I would have licked the bowl.  The fruit and salad tasted good too, but unless you are into self deprivation or on a diet, choose the soup.  Even if you are on a diet, blow it for the soup.Of the entrees we tried, the favorites were the pecan crusted trout and the crab cakes.  This giant slab of trout was very fresh and not at all funky (as trout sometimes can be).  The waiter said that their fish is always fresh, never frozen.  The crab cakes were mostly made up of succulent crab chunks, not filler.  The portions were more than generous, especially considering the price.This place felt kind of wacky, almost like a theatrical production.  Between the piano player and the over-the-top waiter telling us his war stories of restaurants past, we were very entertained.  They also made it very special for my Mom's birthday.  In addition to the dessert we ordered, they brought out an extra creme brulee with a candle while the piano man played "Happy Birthday".  They made a great memory for my family and I am happy to recommend it for your special brunch occasion.
<review# 2001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2009,3/27/2009,511,139,8,9,9>THEY HAVE A DRIVE-THRU! Just had to get that out of the way--probably would have tried it much earlier if I had known!Wow great place.  I've been driving by it for a good couple of years now -- much like Jimmy's....So I called a buddy of mine--actually named Buddy--and decided to grab some lunch there.  When I first walked in, my suspicion that it may have been a former Wendy's was confirmed when I saw the interior layout: head up to the counter and place your order, then go find a table.Now I'm not cajun or named Bobby Bouchet, but I've been eating pretty much my whole life and I know good cookin' when I smell it.  Started with the Boudin Balls (great piles of damn) which are kind of like spaghetti meatballs only seasoned with God-knows-what inside and deep fried with a tasty dipping sauce. From there had the alligator-chicken-andouille-jambalaya which was also full of damn. Tasted a LOT like what I remember in New Orleans but could tell they softened the spices just a notch, so I added the hot sauce on the table. Coupled with the jambalaya I had the hush-puppies which were slightly over-done but still tasted fantastic.All this and an entertaining table too -- we plotted civil war battles on the map-under-glass that covered the table--very informative. I remembered how big of a civil war buff Buddy was....You should totally go and get some heartburn there, it's awesome.
<review# 2002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,3/26/2009,207,393,18,16,9>"Fine, Yelp dot com, I'll go to Eno's just so I'll be like all the cool kids. I mean, everyone's doing it, and I'm sure they'll still respect me in the morning." I would have loved to have seen their business plan, or sat in on meetings with financiers. "Hey, we have this idea to open a pizza place, but we want to use ingredients no one has heard of, like peppered pork belly, bacon confit, fennel, maytag, and roasted endive. And we want to make a crust so thin it makes Saltine crackers look bloated. And for beer, we may serve $15 PINTS. And oh yeah, we found this place in Oak Clif. So, what do you say? Give me the loan?"How many "No ways" do you think they heard? Eno's is not just unlike any other pizza-and-beer joint, it is unlike many other restaurants. Somone had a vision to put out a pizza that is actually unique: The menu is tiny, about a 8X10 folded in half. The menu features mostly salads and pizzas, and just a few at that. This tells me they've chosen specific high-grade ingredients and flavor pairings that they know work well, and they don't stray. The most obvious difference between Eno's and other places is the crust: It is so thin it is almost non-existent. I now realize that crust is a flavor killer! I used to be all, "Oooh, gimme thick, like my women!" But not now! I should've known better, but crust is made from super-cheap 'bleached enriched white flower', is so bad for you, and when followed-up with beer it turns to Sponge Bob Square Pants in your stomach. But Eno's eschews this strategy and puts out a crust so thin I swear it was filo dough. This is key because . . . get ready . . . it allows you to TASTE the toppings! OMG what a concept. On to the beer and bar: A great selection with no TV (in the bar) in sight. They actually want you to converse and focus on the beer, food and not the Southwest Guacamole State volleyball game on ESPN Ocho. I'm sure they rotate kegs seasonally, but when I was in there were several 'wit biers' (Hoegarden-type), IPAs, and stouts (they even had a milk stout). No domestic lights to be seen (Thank God.) Most pints were $5 - $8, with one of them actually priced at $15 (pint!), but at 6%-9% ABV, you won't mind after a couple. And finally, we had dessert: It was a chocolate 'sack' filled with ice cream and topped with fresh fruit. It was their 'sundae' and could've easily fed four. Overall, I was very impressed with every aspect of Eno's, and was not surprised at all that I spent $85 on pizza and beer.
<review# 2003,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2009,3/25/2009,549,363,14,14,14>You know those days when you wake up and kinda walk around the house like Frankenstein, walking into rooms and talking to yourself, wondering what you just said to yourself?Well, the day after St. P's day was that for me. I might have still been drunk... the verdict is still out.I vaguely remembered hearing Katie C say she was going to Ali Baba for lunch the day before and I definitely remember saying that Megan M and I were gonna crash her lunch date. The idea of eating hummus and falafel's for lunch is probably what saved me from wandering down Abrams Rd. in my robe and slippers, confused and drooling.At dinner time it's a regular restaurant, but at lunch it's a buffet. We walked in and you pay right away. It's about $12.50 per person for the lunch buffet. Not cheap, but considering the sheer volume of food you end up eating, it's worth it. There were lots of options to choose from. I got some gyro meat, rice, some curry chicken, falafel, hummus, greek salad, something Megan called "ground beef and potato eat it and shut up", and some pita bread. All was excellente and went most perfectly with my hang over. They bring you drinks to your table and did good job of keeping my diet coke full, especially considering I was that hung over and kept sucking down my drink. I have had better pita bread but the hummus here cannot (cannnnnnot) be beat.We went back to the buffet a couple of times and I noticed some part of the buffet being replenished or replaced every time I looked up. We all left full, happy, and went home to take a nap. I'll definitely be back!
<review# 2004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2008,3/24/2009,97,38,9,22,15>Holy gorgonzola batman! This place is awesome.  I love independent specialty shops like this and it's certain to become a hit! They have a huge selection of cheeses made from milk of my favorite three barnyard animals: cow, goat and sheep.The folks behind the counter were so helpful and really know their product.  They'll even let you sample anything you want before buying.  That's not something you'd ever get from Central Market or Eatzies.  Buying cheese from these other places is sometimes a crap shoot if you're not too sure what a $15 lump of dairy is going to taste like. We've all done the smell-through-plastic-wrap test, which is usually worthless!  They even have small tables for you to enjoy a few cheeses with bread while you are over there.This part of town is turning into a pretty decent shopping spot. Right next to Vongeertsem Butcher Shoppe (yelp.com/biz/vongeertsem) and Dallas fine wines and spirits (yelp.com/biz/dallas-fine). All that's missing now is a decent baker (for bread) and a place for produce.
<review# 2005,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2008,3/23/2009,68,94,6,14,12>Great place for cakes on any occasion - wedding, birthday, holiday, shower, etc. I found them during my search for a wedding cake vendor last year, and they blew away the competition at my cake tasting! They blew away the prices as well - my wedding cake ended up costing at least $250 less than all the other quotes from different bakeries! Best of all, they gave me HUGE slices to taste, and they boxed up the rest and sent them home so my husband-to-be could try them! Sophie and her husband own the bakery - her husband is the pastry chef and Sophie helps with design and bride consultation. She is such a sweet lady, and she's very creative.  As I described the cake I wanted (simple, modern, clean lines), she created it on paper; the finished product on the wedding day was fabulous! Their flavors are delicious - so many of my guests confessed that they never expect much out of a wedding cake, but that MY cake was honestly the best cake they've had, wedding or otherwise! Now THAT is a compliment to the chef! My flavors were: white cake with vanilla almond filling; white chocolate raspberry, and plain chocolate. My husband got themto design a "groom's brownie" with a camping/fishing theme - it was hilarious and so cute! Since finding Panini, I have used them on many other occasions. They made my friend's baby shower cake, a birthday cake, cupcakes for a party, and Halloween cookies. They also have some delicious-looking pastries that I want to try someday. In addition to the sweet stuff, they make "lunch boxes" - you can get a salad trio or a grilled panini. I had the ham and cheese panini that came with pasta salad and a cookie - it was great! What can I say...they just do EVERYTHING right at Panini (and did I mention the prices are great, too?!)
<review# 2006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2008,3/21/2009,105,93,8,15,8>First of all, go to the restroom. Ask the waiter where it is because it's in the kitchen. I would recommend going with a friend and letting your friend go first because then you'll get to see them prepare the food and the smell is orgasmic. Kinda. After you've washed your hands, check out the specials on the chalkboard. We failed to notice it before we ordered our food :/ I ordered the chicken/beef fajitas on corn tortilla instead of flour. It was deeelish. We also asked for guacamole for our chips and they didn't charge us. yayIt's a nice family business. Very friendly and caring. Food is fresh and yummy. -1 star because:It was humid today and they didn't turn on the ac.This is personal but Mexican food isn't on the top of my list of favorite cuisines so this was a once in a three months deal. no offense!
<review# 2007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,3/20/2009,186,191,5,13,10>We don't like run-of-the-mill boring looking cakes and wanted something fantabulous for our wedding. I stumbled across Frosted Art online before realizing that we watched Bronwen compete in a lot of those cake challenges on the Food Network. Hands down, this was the place to make our specialty wedding cake! I gave full creative control of the cake to my husband and he did all the talking when we met with Heather and Bronwen (both so awesome and so nice). He wanted a Silver Surfer and Galactus cake. They were excited to create something unique but needed permission to use the likenesses of the characters, so we had to get the permission from Marvel comics. Marvel was cool with it, Frosted Art was cool with it and we were so excited to have such a sweet cake. I think the cake got more attention than we did at our reception.We chose half Raspberry cream and half S'more. Both delish!They are well priced, easy to work with and can do probably anything you throw at them. Our cake pic is on my profile page :)
<review# 2008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2009,3/18/2009,60,212,4,6,6>All I have to say is "wow".  I've lived in the area for 4.5 years and never even tried this place.  I could smack myself upside the head for overlooking such a gem.A couple friends and I headed to Desperado's last night and the place was hoppin'.  It's always a good sign when the parking lot is crowded! (though that does tend to dampen the immediacy of food consumption).  All I can say is it was worth the wait and the waiter we had was very, very attentive.After a short sit, I ordered the iced tea.  After perusing the menu, I decided that the Pollo Santa Rosa was everything I needed.  I wasn't sure what the "yucateca" sauce was, but boy did I find out not 20 minutes later.  Yum!  The presentation of the dish was impressive.  A small, cute, orange corn tortilla bowl filled with a scoop of tasty guac (a little on the salty side, but otherwise delicious), a small mound of rice, and a grilled chicken breast lightly slathered with a creamy, cheesy yucateca sauce.  I didn't ask what it was, but I also didn't leave the entree on my plate very long either.  I was ravenous and needed some protein... and to my disbelief, I made all that chicken fit in my belly!  It was just TOO GOOD to take home in a box.Other than the wait, I had a great time and will definitely be revisiting Desperado's for their chips and salsa and perhaps to try a new dish.  If you want some tasty Mexican food, try this little slice of heaven with all my blessings... just make sure you invite me out to the party! ;)
<review# 2009,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,3/17/2009,12,20,6,9,10>I love you KERA! Thanks for making those years back in high school memorable.It seems like only yesterday when I was trying to decide where to volunteer in the DFW metroplex. It was a requirement for high school graduation and I needed something fast. I chose KERA mostly because of the location (not too far from the house) and didn't really think about the type of community I'd be stepping into. I am so glad I made the decision thanks to all the wonderful staff and volunteers I met!I highly recommend spending time to help out during a pledge drive or promotional event. I've always found KERA volunteers to be some of the nicest people I've ever met. There is never a dull moment during a pledge drive especially when you get the little kids calling in to ask what happened to Barney's time slot. Priceless.Did I mention that KERA also provided snacks for volunteers? I'm not sure if they still do this but they occasionally catered food from some pretty amazing places including La Madeleine! Oh yeah, they also had a popcorn machine that was always popping in the lounge! Yum.If you're lucky enough to volunteer during a live pledge drive please do it! I organized a volunteer session for one of my classes one weekend and we all enjoyed our visit. We got to talk to the featured artist who also gave away some of her in studio sketches. I still see footage on KERA from our visit and get all nostalgic just watching it.KERA you rock! Definitely a community worth checking out!
<review# 2010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2008,3/16/2009,1,5,3,10,6>I've been going to Thai Express since early 2004 and the food is very good and certainly the best value you'll get anywhere.  I don't know of any Thai restaurants that serves a lunch buffet for $6.50 (includes tax).  You get your choice of six entrees:  Pad Thai with egg, Yellow Curry Chicken, Beef with Basil & sliced squash (nice combination), fried chicken wings, Chicken with broccoli, cabbage egg rolls, and egg fried rice.The buffet also includes soup of the day, small salad bar, fruits for dessert (usually water melon, cantaloupes), and usually a specialty item.  On Tuesday's, they have mangoes with sticky rice.  On Thursday, they serve larb chicken which is one of my favorites.  On Friday's, spicy catfish fillets are served.The downside to this place is that it's literally a "hole in the wall".  But then again, some of the best places to eat are usually like this.  Most of the patrons are often professionals from nearby hospitals and local businesses.  Oh, if you don't like the interior decor, they do deliveries and pick-up orders.During the summer, this place can get very busy.  If you are dining in, you might find yourself sharing a table with a complete stranger if all of the tables are occupied.You won't be coming here for the ambiance but your appetite & wallet will be satisfied.  The lunch buffet is from 11:00am - 2:30pm Monday - Friday.  Side Note:  They make some of the best chicken wings on the planet.  It goes perfectly with the fried rice.  You will leave thinking "I never thought that a Thai restaurant could make fried chicken this good".
<review# 2011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2009,3/15/2009,199,332,10,10,7>I have a confession. I have been holding out on all of you. My beautiful girlfriend turned me on to this hidden gem but I have been shy about posting it because it is never crowded and it is a great default when we are hungry and want to eat quickly.Ryan B has outed Venezia so I must now break my vow of silence and chime in. What a great little neighborhood restaurant. I like this place for SOOOO many reasons. They have a great menu. The prices are economy friendly. Great buttery, garlicky fresh bread sticks (enough adjectives for ya?) Perfect sized servings!My favorite is the Arrabiata which is spicy but does not burn the tongue. The baked ziti is also phenomenal. Best part, they deliver if you are local. Most dishes are under $8, too, and you get a salad, bread and a filling main course.FYI-- I just sent a compliment to Ryan B for his great review but cursed him for exposing this secret. I guess in this economy it is better to share with all of you and entice you to come to assure this wonderful place stays in business. Enjoy!
<review# 2012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2008,3/14/2009,228,176,10,9,9>I love, love, love me some Adair's.  It's the place you bring your friends when they're down.  It's the place you bring your friends when they're happy.  It's the burger that fixes everything because it's so. dang. good.  I have spent many a night living it up in Adairs.  I have my name on the ceiling next to a pair of yellow underpants.  (there is a ladder you just gotta know who to ask for it and no I'm not telling you who)  Adairs has GREAT burgers, I think they put some sort of extra fat meat that will make you drool every time.   Also who doesn't love cheap can beer?? I do, I do!!  The food is great, the beers are cheap and COLD!  There is a live band almost every night with no cover charge, and they recently paved the back parking area.  OH- and if you get there early enough to park in that area it's free.  Who ever heard of free parking in Deep Ellum?Everyone is welcome, come as you are, cuz it doesn't matter if you're wearing jeans and a t-shirt or a suit and tie, you're in.  I just can't express in words how much I love this place..  If you're a lady and you go to the restroom and you see next to the sink where it says "Erin and Moriah big and thick"  yup that's me!!  Long story, but funny enough that if you must know I can fill you in.Go Adairs!!!
<review# 2013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2009,3/13/2009,92,465,,7,6>Cash only and Family Style dining.  These are the two most important things anyone should know when they go to First Chinese BBQ.  If you want authentic and yummy Chinese food, this is the place to go.  This is not your typical "Americanized" Chinese restaurant.  I have never seen General Tso's chicken nor eggrolls at this place.  So if those are your favorite "Chinese" dishes, you might want to run to Wok in Wok out or RiceBox or any of those other places.  Food is great and service is OK.  The portions are big and as I stated before, its family style so go ahead and brainstorm with your party and pick out a couple dishes.  Their BBQ pork is delicious/tasty as well as many of their fish dishes.  I have yet to be disappointed with any of their dishes.  This is as homecooked as Chinese food will get.
<review# 2014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,3/12/2009,274,703,9,10,8>Step into the transporter and get ready to be beamed to Korea because Yun Tan Gil will give you a feel for what some of the local joints in the motherland are like.Yes, the K-town on Royal Ln can seem a little ghetto at first, but that only adds to the authentic experience!  Step into Yun Tan Gill (YTG) and you'll swear you're in a different world.  Someone very clever at YTG decided to bring dining outdoors...indoors.  All along the walls of the dimly lit restaurant, there are dining cages/stalls built around a silver platter table with a "yun tan" (briquette) grill in the middle with seating for 4.  The floor is covered with river rocks and the seats are simple metal folding chairs.  Like I said, it's like dining outside...but inside. Is anyone else experiencing flashbacks to "Night at Roxybury?"  What is Love?  Baby don't hurt me no more...The music is far from 80s so keep those off the shoulder sweaters and bangles at home.  However, YTG plays all the latest K-pop hits and there's a plasma TV streaming everything from Korean news to K-pop music videos.  The food here is surprisingly delicious.  YTG is not your traditional Korean BBQ place that has a gazillion things on the menu.  This is a specialized joint where you mainly grill meat while throwing a few back with friends.  I highly recommend the "Sam Gyup Sal" (unseasoned pork) like my fellow Yelpers.  The meal combinations are a great deal if you're in a group, especially if you plan on drinking anyway.  You can sub out the soju for beer if you want to.  The "daen jang chigae" (fermented bean with tofu soup) is off the hook good...especially if you're nursing a hangover.Let me say one last thing.  This is not the place to bring your parents (sorry mom and dad!)...unless they like to throw back soju bombs in between bites of grilled meat.  This is a great dinner or post drinking hang out spot for you and your way too cool for school friends.  They're open until 2 am EVERYDAY.  And if that's not something to drink about in this city, then I don't know what is.
<review# 2015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2009,3/11/2009,130,181,7,14,9>Wow, I'm really surprised at the negative reviews this place has racked up.  I love Vietnamese food and I am always looking for the best places to get it.  Bistro B has to be on my list for top 3 Viet restaurants in Dallas.  First of all, it's the most Americanized Viet restaurant in terms of design and atmosphere.  This is a good thing when describing Viet restaurants, believe me.  It's located in the very busy plaza on Walnut and Audelia, in between many other dining choices and yet, it remains busy throughout the day.  That says a lot about this place.  Inside, you'll notice it's very large and spacious and the tables are not packed close together, like typical Asian restaurants usually are, but are spaced out quite a bit so that it's easy to walk around.  There are flat panel TVs everywhere and the decor is a bit tacky, but colorful.  It's not the cleanest place, but not bad for an Asian restaurant.I walked in for a late lunch on a Tuesday afternoon.  Despite it already being 3pm, there was still quite a few people here.   I could see that most of them were younger and were probably students from nearby Richland College.  I was seated promptly and given a menu.  Luckily, I had been here before and knew exactly what I wanted because it was only a minute before the waitress came over to take my order.   I ordered the #3 as an appetizer, which is the Nha Trang roll combo ($6).  These rolls are of the rice paper variety and 2 of them are shrimp and 2 of the are pork.  These are different from any other Viet restaurant because of one tiny and delicious difference:  They use crispy, fried egg roll skins as a filler inside!  It has the meat, the vermicelli, the veggies and then this thin layer of crispy egg roll.  Delicious!  For an entree, I ordered the #119 ($9), which is a plate of vermicelli, grilled, marinated pork, beansprouts, mint leaves, carrots and radishes and leafy lettuce.  You take the lettuce pile on everything and wrap it up and dip it into your fish sauce.  It's messy, but man is it freakin' delicious.  Totally out of this world.  Service was decent and my water never went empty.  Bonus:  free Wi-Fi!  So if you have some time and want to hang out, your laptop can come too.
<review# 2016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2009,3/10/2009,13,25,9,12,11>I have been refining my cupcake palate of late.  And Society was the best so far...The whole experience was delightful.  I went in around 1045 on a Friday...and the place was bustling.  Apparantly, I'm not the only one who eats cupcakes prior to lunch.  There were also a couple people huddled around their order of 20 or so frosted cookies.  I was tempted to avoid my main mission...cause, after all, frosted cookies light up my life like a second sun...but my resolve to eat a cupcake stood strong.Thus, giddy with anticipation, I selected a pleasant looking cupcake with chocolate cake and chocolate frosting.  Overall, it was well balanced.  Each bite had a nice cake to frosting ratio.  The cake was moist...and the frosting was not too ridiculously sweet (unlike sometimes at Celebrity).  Thumbs up...They also had many samples of other cupcakes.  I tried a carrot cake one (I'm not a huge carrot cake fan)...and it was pretty good.  I also tried a vanilla cake with bluish frosting...also tasty.Definitely worth checking out for a cupcake, a frosted cookie (I want one right now), or a plain ole regular cake...
<review# 2017,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2009,3/9/2009,462,279,13,20,17>Pearl is a great little bar with a cool lounge vibe.  We converged on a Tuesday night to support Chris E. and his band Rebel Alliance, a 17-piece big band on jazzy crack.  We had a fabulous time drinking $1 Pearl beer and hanging out in the glass enclosed VIP room - complete with its own toilet! - that we claimed as our own for the evening.I think it takes a certain kind of space to hold the sound of 17 instruments wailing in sync and Pearl was a great venue.  The high ceilings carried the sound up and around you, enveloping you in the thump of the music.  It's certainly something to behold!The best part about Pearl is that you can hear the music throughout the entire space, even though it essentially has 3 floors.  The 2nd floor is the VIP room and above that is another area with 2 pool tables.  Each space has it's own cushy feel and allows for overflow of people from the main floor bar, which also has booths and tables.I definitely look forward to future visits to Pearl, both to see Rebel Alliance and other jazzy acts.
<review# 2018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2009,3/7/2009,9,41,4,5,6>I hit up Greenville Ave. Pizza Co. last night for a slice and a brew, the first stop of the evening. The restaurant was small, but accommodated every one in there (I guess this is where their genius as a pick up/ delivery place comes in...).  The people behind the counter were awesome and joked around with us.But the bottom line- the pizza. How was it? I've had yummier but I've definitely had worse. That year in NYC may have upped my pie standards a bit. As far as a late night slice, you'd be hard-pressed to find anything better. One of the guys in our group was trying to figure out how to get GAPC to deliver to his place of business- also a restaurant- without the chefs finding out. So all in all- damn tasty!There is one major drawback that is not entirely GAPC's fault: you may have heard about a little Wednesday night ritual involving stand up comedy and side-show performers here. This may have been the reason you wanted to go. This may have been what you were looking forward to since Monday. But APPARENTLY, it's only every other Wednesday that they magically appear and even then, such artists have a tendency towards flakiness and don't always make the gig. Although I suppose part of their charm is they show up when they're LEAST expected.Anyway, if you do find yourself with a pizza craving or stumbling down Greenville Ave. late at night, so yourself a favor and stop in. There may not always be Wednesday night entertainment, but a tummy full of cheesey doughy goodness is nothing to be disappointed about!
<review# 2019,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2008,3/6/2009,259,232,13,12,12>I just upgraded to five stars because of...wood paneling. I'm a sucker for amazing wood paneling! Cars, clothing items, dog collars, coffee cups--anywhere you put it, I will hanker it. That being said, this place is also dark and smoky. I'm not a fan of smoky, but it does make the air nice and hazy. And everyone looks a little more attractive and a little less desperate in dim lighting. Hooray for Fug Faces!To personify, this bar is like an older, unmarried Uncle Ronny who hugs you for too long at family reunions. He smokes unfiltered Lucky Strikes and wears poly-blend golf shirts and cries whenever he listens to Tammy Wynette. Do you have an Uncle Ronny? If so, you'll want to go to Lakewood Landing any night of the week. If you don't, you can find one here for cheap! Just buy him a Lone Star and give him a quarter for the jukebox.Delicious ambiance, cheap beer, opportunity to lurk in dark booths unnoticed all available here.
<review# 2020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2009,3/5/2009,263,343,10,9,11>I don't give many 5 star reviews, but here's one now.  Hand's down, best BBQ in Dallas.  Far and away better than Dickey's, Sonny Bryans, and Spring Creek.  I was driving around Saturday and thought it would be too decadent to eat Fuel City two days in a row.  Plus the line was so long, it bored me to tears.  I recalled the reviews OTB has been getting and used my handy Yelp app on my iPhone to get the details.  The Urbanspoon app for the iPhone is fun, but for content, Yelp kicks ass.  I couldn't actually find it.  Luckily, the street was deserted,  so I was able to stop in the middle of the street and look around.  I think a bigger sign would be nice, but that's nitpicking.  Walked in and was greeted by the beautiful aroma of fantastic BBQ.  The guys behind the counter gave me a free sample of ribs and I swear I wet myself, just a little.  Freakin awesome.  I had a little of everything.  I ordered the chicken, and my dad had the brisket sandwich.  The potato salad was pretty good, but it needed a little salt.  I probably could have used some jalapenos or hot sauce or both.  I'll be back this week the check out some of the other items.  Luckily for me, they're only 10 mins away from my house.
<review# 2021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2008,3/4/2009,384,355,10,14,12>If I were a bizzillionaire I would eat here everyday. If you're not a bizzillionaire either, save up some dough and keep this spot for a special occasion. The look of the place is reminiscent of the low-lighting, swanky place you might see mobsters hanging out. The rich wood grains and beautifully vaulted ceilings make it seem special. The complimentary caviar doesn't hurt either. (who ever thought to mix caviar with sour cream, boiled eggs, minced onions, and capers? I don't know who they are but I love em!) The wine selection is extensive. The steak selection rivals it. I chose the Chateaubriand cut after the waiter showed off his impressive beef describing abilities (just what every girl wants in a man!) we also selected a wide variety of sides and a calamari appetizer. each and every single thing was perfection. the Chateaubriand steak was so frikkin unbelievable; words don't do it justice. Keep in mind that this cut will serve three people easily and cost around $140 big ones!!! My favorite side was probably the creamed corn...you could practically just have this as the dessert as it tasted like corn slathered in eagle brand milk. it was so sweet and sticky! yum!
<review# 2022,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2009,3/3/2009,226,292,11,11,11>Oh Granada, I'm sorry I ignored you for so long. We used to have so much fun together. Then, like some gold digger, I ditched you for a shinier package (HOB) and then for a dingier package (Prophet Bar). But I've come back to you, and I won't stay away as long this time.Remember in high school when you let me come visit you no matter what the show? We enjoyed bands like Flickerstick, Chomsky, Bowling for Soup (a rite of passage for any true Dallas-ite) and countless other bands. Now you've evolved with me and bring me such treats as Reverend Peyton's Big Damn Band, Tokyo Police Club, The Black Keys and Gaslight Anthem. All at a reasonable price, too!Your setup inside guarantees a great view of the band whether I'm sitting at a table on the side or standing in the very back (for better bar access). You keep me full with whiskey and Red Stripe and when that's not enough sustenance, you're there with delicious pizza and monster-sized M&M cookies (among a laundry list of other options). You're clean and friendly and your $8 parking is a steal for the area. You have a great sound setup and engineering that makes the trip worth it every time. But most importantly, you're a great venue that hasn't fallen prey to those nazis over at TicketMaster. Stay strong. Stay great. I love you.
<review# 2023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2009,3/2/2009,16,18,7,11,8>I finally had the opportunity to see what everyone was talking about and I'm glad to say it lives up to the hype. The gas station was busy so we had to park in the back. It's a great thing that these tacos are only a buck and change because you'll want a lot of them. Ordering was easy and they come out relatively quick. I got the Picadillo and pastor. Some of the best tacos I've had. We decided to just tailgate behind the gas station and eat there, while watching the longhorns. I hope the tacos aren't made out of them. (just kidding, they are too good for me to care)
<review# 2024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2009,3/1/2009,36,71,5,6,7>LOVE Gloria's. The service is great, the food is always awesome -- I just love coming here. It's kind of our go-to spot for a good night out. Usually I get the tacos al carbon. Delicious. I've gotten the Gloria's platter here several times, too, and the fajitas (tried the chicken, steak and pork -- all were awesome). I don't think Gloria's can do wrong. NOW, keep in mind -- I've never been here for the nights that they do salsa -- we're usually done with dinner before then, so I don't know what the parking or service is like on those nights, but I imagine it's busy!!And honestly, everyone's said it -- the black bean dip is off the chain. You could go here just for that. OR -- try the tres leches cake. Sweet Lord -- it's so, so good. You'll need to save room for it. Yummy!
<review# 2025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,2/28/2009,160,42,,5,3>I have always been a fan of TMC back in the day. I have been coming here for years to the old Throckmorton Mining Company and now with my partner at the new TMC, is still a fun place to hang out with your group/s of friends on Sundays. This is a great new look for TMC (where Sue Ellen's used to be) The minor upgrades look great and Caven didn't overdo it. Just the right amount of flair. Yes, it's dark, smokey and a very cruisy place on Sundays after 10P. The best Trash Disco music by the DJ's. The dancers have there own spot to strut there stuff and they are all very friendly. Awesome music as usual and the music is not as loud. Staff is very friendly outside before you walk in and they have a great patio out back with tables, chairs and to sit down with friends or just to relax after dancing and smoking.  When you walk in there is one bar to the left and you could order a drink or wait till you walk in to your right because there's another bar as well which is quite long. The dance floor is really small and gets very crowded on Sunday nights. I would recommend this to groups or if you are going to meet a friend there, this is the place to be seen on Sunday nights for sure. TBRU (Texas Bear Round Up), the third weekend in March is fun here on Sunday night. You won't be disappointed.The front of the patio should have been used as a quiet seating area to make a phone call on your cell.  Would take one star off but  this place is still perfect in my book. Still like the old TMC two story look as oppose to this single story. But, it won't still keep me from being there on Sunday nights with the hot men in full force.
<review# 2026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2009,2/27/2009,22,40,1,8,3>LUNCH ANYONE? I feel like I found a jewel a few weeks ago when I first came here with a coworker - and I am glad to see there are already 13 other reviews up here. As mentioned this is owned by one of the original Pei Wei owners. LUNCH: I have had their lunch 4 times in 2 weeks. For me that says something b/c I like to change it up and am with clients all the time wherever they want to go. The low down: They have an area reserved to the right of the dining area that is for lunch. You walk in, order off of an electronic menu to a cashier - yeah a cashier - not so much sit down service with a waiter. BUT that's fine with me. They have noodles, curries, salads, and WRAPS. I have tried their chopped salad (totally awesome), their steak wrap (out of this world awesome), a club wrap (delicious), and a shrimp wrap (insane!) My favorites in order are the steak wrap, salad, club wrap, and shrimp wrap. Bengal coasts definition of a wrap: Asian influenced. On white flat bread with poppy seeds embedded in the crust or choice of wheat. With delicious sauce that is different for each wrap. And oozing with the inside greatness of ingredients. With the wraps you get a choice of sides: fries, coleslaw, beans, etc. I AM ADDICTED TO THEIR FRIES! They have an asian or indian seasoning that is alluring when smelled and they come with an aoili sauce almost - don't know how to explain it. At first taste you think, "this is weird" but you have to try it again and then your like "hmmm, well its here i might as well dip my fries in it" and then you ask for more sauce... that good!! THE BEST PART = $10! Just one Alexander Hamilton and you get anything on the menu, tax included with a drink!! $10 even - flat - no  feeling for or looking for coins. What a deal in uptown... but what a deal when the food is delicious makes it all the better. The decor is asian influenced and is very nice. I have heard they have great cocktails and i know on Thursdays they offer free lettuce cups during their happy hour. The accountant, who I have ordered from every time and have gotten to know is just a wonderful lady and really explained the menu and the seasonings and the ideas and influences - and she's the accountant helping out during the day. I can only imagine how much pride the chefs, waiters, and other staff take into their job when even the accountant is rolling her sleeves up and is showing such passion. HUGE FAN - CHECK THEM OUT! I know if you go during dinner or lunch in the "regular" dining room,  their is more offered on the menu!
<review# 2027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2009,2/26/2009,68,101,5,6,6>Even though the burger was not the very best burger that I have shoveled into my face, everything else about the Twisted Root experience was fantastic... well, except for the 15 minute line out the front door.The concept of TRBC is pretty clever. Every sign makes you smile and the staff is awesome. I think the best part of the TRBC experience has to be the card they give you when you order your food. Each card has a different name on it, and this name is what they call when your order is ready, it's much more interesting than a "#4 your burger is ready"  So, I was Tony Soprano and my friend was Paris Hilton. When my food was up we heard, "Yo, Tony Soprano, I got a package for ya" over the intercom. When my friends food was up, AKA Paris Hilton, we hear, Paris Hilton, your order is ready"..... long pause..... "MMMM, this burger is hot"I had the green chili burger with guac and Monterey Jack cheese and I thought it was great. A side of curly fries and a Dr. Pepper completed my order and I left FULL!!!
<review# 2028,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2009,2/25/2009,61,62,3,11,9>Honestly, the best karaoke place I've ever been to.They have a full bar with all the drinks you can imagine at pretty decent prices. They have half off drink specials on one of the weeknights (I'm just not sure exactly which one.. it's either Wednesday or Tuesday. And the other day is half of karaoke). The building is brand new so everything is nice and clean. When you first walk in, they have the traditional karaoke stage where you can sing in front of the entire bar. But of course, they have the individual rooms as well if you want to keep it within your group of friends instead of singing in front of a bunch of strangers. The rooms are EXTREMELY nice. All brand new, high quality equipment. Flat screen 30+ inch HD tv's on BOTH sides of the room. And the couches are so comfortable, you could fall asleep in them (as long as your friends don't sing like dogs howling at the moon). And this may be a nuisance to some people, but it is an addition that I like: every night they have bouncers and security guards. This keeps the young gangster thugs and underage drinkers out so you can have a nice, trouble free, enjoyable time with your friends and even allows you to bring children out safely.I definitely recommend this place for any and everybody. BEst karaoke house I've ever been to.
<review# 2029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2009,2/24/2009,443,598,4,8,8>I've driven by this coffee shop plenty of times and this time I seriously needed some coffee so I don't go into hibernation after my heavy dinner. I'm no coffee guru, but their house coffee straight up was pretty decent, easily drinkable. I also bought a pound of their Colombian French Roast and WRC was happy to grind it up for me too. I haven't brewed it just yet, but it's supposed to be "very balanced, citric, chocolatey, with a long complex finish." Supposedly, "WRC purchased the entire 2008 crop of the Morales' Las Tapias Farm in the Santander region of Colombia." I'm excited about trying out this coffee! While I was waiting for them to grind up my coffee beans, it was then I noticed that they were two floors. I didn't realize that they had so much space. WRC seems like a pretty cool place to chill out. I think Mondays are their chill days since I saw so many people just reading, studying, and taking advantage of their wifi. I will be back!
<review# 2030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,2/23/2009,95,164,5,9,9>I keep hearing great things about the Lakewood area, but never "got" it.  Well, I am now officially in love with Times Ten Cellars, so maybe my love will spread to the rest of Lakewood.  The atmosphere was cozy and initmate.  I went here on a date and it was the perfect first date location.  The servers and bartenders know how to take care of you while not being intrusive....something which few places learn to master.  In the summer, I can imagine myself sitting on the patio, eating cheese, and drinking wine.  The place was pretty empty when I got there, but there was more of a crowd when we left.  However, the space is so well planned that we didn't even notice that the place had filled up.
<review# 2031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,2/22/2009,213,158,10,9,9>They know us here. It's a weekly visit, the staff knows us, the same people are there every week.....have actually made friends with the other regulars here. Cool huh? Its not odd for Lance and I to wake up on Sunday morning, give each other the nod, and know exactly what we're thinking.....SUNDAY FUNDAY AT PENNE! Whether its just us two, or the whole crew...fun times are always had.Their brunch menu is really great, I highly recommend the Build Your Own Omelet, with EVERYTHING...hands down the best omelet I've had yet...and Im not a huge Omelet fan. My dad had the Scrambled eggs with crab meat and raved. Usually, we go the wood oven Pizza route. The Margarita Pizza is awesome...add diced tomatoes and mushrooms for a real treat! Also, the Genevese Pizza (we call it the Geneva Convention....cause we're funny like that)....its grilled chicken ad caramelized onions on a pizza with pesto sauce....you heard me right...and I highly suggest getting a little extra side of the pesto cream sauce for dipping...it's pure joy in your mouth. OR...build you're own pasta....I always say PESTO is the BESTO, but they have all kinds of yummy options! Is it Sunday yet???!!!!?????? No...seriously...We have become quite the Penne fan from their delicious food....but our favorite part, and the reason for their fame and return customer count...is hands-down their brunch mimosa deal! Get an entree (duh....why wouldnt you!)....and get bottomless mimosa's or Belini's for ONE DOLLAR! Get up off the floor cause i know you just fell out of your chair.....yes I sad one dollar.So.....See you there Sunday?
<review# 2032,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2009,2/21/2009,193,345,9,8,8>In making my list of best places to have Chicken Pot Pie in Dallas, I noted I had not yet reviewed this place, which serves up the chicken pot pie that wins the award for "best presentation."  Although the Libertine wins the award for best all around, you can't beat Cowboy Chow's pot pie appearance.  It's served in a mini iron pot, like the ones the cowboys used to cook beans over an open flame.  (Or at least the criminal in the Dennis The Menace movie did, I think!) It's darn tasty, too...but even if it wasnt I have to admit I'd still order it just to be served in the cute little iron pot.  That's not the only thing served up all cute and skillet-y...be sure to get yourself the cookie dessert.  They bring it out piping hot and gooey from the oven, in an iron skillet (big enough for 2 to share!) topped with melting vanilla ice cream.  If you think that's cool, wait until you taste the watermelon Iced tea.  No way I'd have ordered that, thinking it was going to taste like KoolAid or something.  Luckily I was in the bathroom* when drinks were ordered, and I came back to the table just in time to take a big gulp and then ask, OMG what IS that?? It's AMAZING! Seriously, try it...it's just enough watermelon flavor to be refreshing, but not like someone snuck your tea with a jolly rancher.  This place is definitely worth checking out, and gets extra points from me for opening in Deep Ellum.  I love to see a place try and bring life back into my old haunt!  *note: even the bathroom offers up a wild experience, you'll have to check it out for yourself, but remember I warned you! 2 wild west thumbs up for Cowboy Chow!
<review# 2033,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2008,2/20/2009,213,499,9,12,13>So far I've only been to White Rock Lake Dog Park and Bark Park (I think that's all there is in this area, I know there's a good one in Plano but I've never been because it's a little far for me) in Dallas--White Rock is definitely superior.  There are always plenty of doggies to play with.  It can get so crowded on a beautiful day that you find yourself making your own parking spots in the grass, but usually parking is ample.  The place is separated in to big dog and small dog areas.  There's not a lot of seating, a few benches and picnic tables, and people often bring their own.  I find that if I sit down though, my dog usually just hangs out with me, so it's best if I'm out there playing too.  99% of the people you'll meet here are very friendly.  There are a few that will come all dressed up with their designer dogs, or a few crotchety old guys who come with their mean dogs, but overall it's fun times had by all.  The only downside is some of the people come and just let their dogs play without even watching them, so you really have to be careful where you step!  With all the doggie bags around, you'd hope people would put more attention to cleaning up after their own dog.  Sometimes the smell gets pretty bad because of it (especially at the bigger dog park, but I've got a Yorkie so I've never gone inside).Also, if you have dogs that like to swim, around the corner from the dog parks is a little doggie beach where people throw tennis balls or sticks or whatever into the water and doggies go get them.  It's really fun to watch but the place is a splash zone so watch out!If i were single I would also consider this a good place to meet men, haha--dog people are good people.
<review# 2034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,2/19/2009,232,63,8,11,9>After reading all of the great reviews on this joint, I made a trip over for lunch and let me just say that I was not disappointed.  I liked pretty much everything about this place; the food, service, and atmosphere were all great.  The first thing I noticed when I pulled up was that there were a few police cars parked in the ample sized lot, this is usually a pretty decent indicator of the tastiness of the food inside.  I was greeted by a friendly guy behind the register and placed my order of crispy tacos.  While waiting for my food I took my cup to the drink machine and was pleasantly surprised to find that they have the good ice, you know what I'm talking about, the little nuggets that are fun to eat... Anyway I get my food and start to eat and it is fantastic! The tacos are superb, great crispy shell filled with wonderfully seasoned ground sirloin, topped with cool, crisp shredded lettuce, diced tomatoes and shredded monterrey jack cheese. The combo also included a side of rice and beans which comes in a little bowl so you can mix it all together, it was also very well seasoned and makes a great side to the tacos.  Overall this place is great and it is definitely worth making a trip, I know that I will be coming back.
<review# 2035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2008,2/18/2009,236,423,21,17,15>Ok, so I'm weird. I can accept that. Who enjoys spending leisure time in cemetaries?? That would be me. Come on though, I drive my scooter five minutes away from my apartment and find a totally quiet, peaceful, gorgeous private park. What's not to love? Yeah, cemetaries can be freaky, but I find Restland less so then most because there's no monuments, only flat headstones. I really do enjoy walking or journaling here when I need to get away, and they have benches scattered around as well. Plus I have this slightly disturbing interest in reading headstones and wondering about the lives behind the names. At Restland I found the strangest headstone I've ever seen. Under the name it read, "Goodbye, Texas, Hello South Carolina." WTF??
<review# 2036,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,2/17/2009,621,968,12,15,13>I know all about trailers since I grew up in small-town Tennessee and because my parents own trailers in a trailer park that they rent out to people. Those double wides have cars on blocks, guys named Bubba, fried Bologna, Koolaid, and people drinking moonshine; this Double Wide has bands, cool people with tattoos, and festive drinks. I have only been to the Double Wide one time before the Yelp party. I liked it, but I just never seem to be going anywhere near Deep Ellum that would justify stopping in here. But when I do come here I have to admit that I like it. I like the tongue-in-cheek trailer park decor. I like the bartenders. I like the specialty drinks made with things like Yoohoo, Tang, and Boone's farm. I really like that the bartenders make these drinks very very strong - this makes me very very happy. I like that you have the option of sitting in the main room (the "trailer"), the patio, or seeing a band in the back room. Overall it is a chill place to have a strong drink and hang out and see a band play.
<review# 2037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2009,2/16/2009,322,339,19,18,20>A name like Soulman's Bar-B-Que sounds like someone is talkin' mighty big game about their "Q". That's like walking into Chicago and announcing your name is Elwood Blues. So if you call yourself Soulman's Bar-B-Que, you must be a serious "Q" baller with brisket smoother than Jake Blues' way with women. Intrigued, I followed my nose right on in and ordered the "Out of Sight" special for $7.99. The special is a chopped beef sandwich with 2 sides, and I decided on fried okra and potato salad. Soulman's bar-b-que sauce has a sweet, woody flavor, with enough tang in it that you'll feel it on your tonsils. It is pretty darn good. Had the chopped beef sandwich come without the sauce, it would have been lacking in flavor, but with the sauce, it was just right. The fried okra was crispy and the potato salad was mustard based with a bit of bite to it. I was a bit disappointed that my meal did not come with cornbread or a roll, but hey - life isn't fair. A small drink also cost $1.99, with seems a little high for a fountain beverage. Everyone in Soulman's seemed to be quite happy to be there, and the cashier and the servers were very friendly. There also seemed to be quite a few regulars in the joint. The man in line behind me warmly greeted one of the servers, and after a minute of chitchat, the server introduced a brand new server to the regular. The Soulman's experience is more like going to eat at a friend's house instead of a restaurant, and that's how a good Q chophouse should be. "Comin' to ya, on a dusty roadGood lovin', I got a truck loadAnd when you get it, you got somethingSo don't worry, 'cause I'm comingI'm a soul man"-The Blues Brothers
<review# 2038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2008,2/15/2009,139,83,26,13,12>Who here has tried crack?  C'mon, don't be shy.Well I have.  In pizza form at least.  On the street it goes by the name of Campania Pizza.  At my office, we used to get our fix from Pastazio's, which is right around the corner from us.  The delivery was quick, but the quality, shape and crispiness were always inconsistent.  Then one night at a party, somebody slipped me some Campinia.  I took a long hit off the pizza and realized that I would never be the same.  This was pure, 100% uncut Italian gold; I could never have the impure again.  After that night, I was addicted.  No other pizza would ever be enough to satisfy my ravenous urges again.  But comparatively speaking, the pizza was a lot more expensive than the other guys.  How could I afford to sustain my habit?  The answer was simple.  Get the rest of the office addicted, and in doing so, get them to subsidize my score.  All it took was a little deleting of the Pastazio's number from our restaurant database and replacing it with Campania.  The trap was set -- now for pizza day.  When the pizza arrived, all the other junkies piled around the boxes.  My coworker Jason, who only likes cheese pizza and nothing else, took his entire box into his office.  The rest of us took our poison right there in the lobby.  No one seemed to comment on the perfect roundness of the pies, the consistent crispy texture or the high-quality ingredients that were evenly spread over every delicious slice.  All that they knew was that they couldn't stop eating it.    4 full boxes between 7 employees quickly became 4 empty husks destined for 1 recycling bin.  As we all sat sprawled out over our office furniture in pizza-induced bliss, my boss managed to utter the phrase, "That shit was gooooood..."  Before passing out from an overdose.After the come-down, I went to check on Jason.  Clearly knowing the truth behind my lie, he demanded to know where I had gotten the pizza.  His entire box of cheese had been demolished.  Shards of dough and cheese littered the grease-stained container -- the lid had been ripped off for easier access to the goods.  It looked like the scene of a horrific hit-and-run accident.   He had fallen -- just as I had, and in that moment, I felt vile disgust for him.It was a feeling that was familiar to me, because it was the same disgust I had felt for myself ever since that wild night when I first tried Campania pizza.  Now, two times a week, sometimes more, we have decadent pizza parties until 2 or even 3 in the afternoon.  There are never leftovers.  Ever.So my advice to you, dear reader, is to run.Run as far away as you can.  Stick to your Pastazio's or your Sal's or your I Fratellis.  If someone offers you a slice of Campinia's pizza, you scream in their face, "NO!  I respect myself!  I say NO TO CAMPANIA!"Then go home to your wife and family.   Hug them and tell them that you love them.  Then quietly say a prayer for me and my office -- and hope that somewhere, God -- if there is a God -- is listening, though it would be really hard for God to listen since He is a slice of delicious Campania pepperoni pizza.  And pizzas do not have ears.
<review# 2039,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2009,2/14/2009,281,210,8,10,9>This and TCBY are my fave dessert places. Especially together. One of these cookies broken into pieces in some frozen yogurt? DELICIOUS.JD's has the best cookies I've ever tasted/smelled/been in the presence of. They are to die for and totally cheap. WAYY better than Mrs. Fields or Great American Cookie. The bakery chefs are behind the counter, baking these delicious treats with a smile. It's great service and you can get 3 cookies for about $2. Also, they have really delicious cherry limeades. I don't even eat other cookies anymore because they are fake-tasting and not buttery/lardy enough for my taste. Please have a cookie at JD's. It will change your life.
<review# 2040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2009,2/13/2009,18,17,7,10,10>Wow--I can't believe I never wrote a review after I had my birthday dinner here; the place was fantastic!When we walked in, I just loved the ambiance of this place.  It just reeks of money and great steaks..dark wood...low lighting...middle-age servers - all the things you want to see when your boyfriend is taking you out.Although we had a reservation, we had time for one drink at bar (which I typically prefer because you get to meet more people and see more of the restaurant).  I ordered champagne, and it was fantastic.We sat in a cozy booth where our server was really knowledgable about all of the items on the menu.  We started out with the sauteed mushrooms. They were unbelievably giant and equally as delicious. Yum.  Unfortunately, I am one of those people that get full extremely easily - so we skipped on the salad. Who cares?On to the only part most people care about...the part that is so amazing it makes the ambiance reek....yes, THE STEAK.  My boyfriend ordered Ribeye while I had the 9 oz Filet Mignon (medium-rare).  Man--I totally out-ordered him.  If you've ever seen "What About Bob?" then you will completely understand how I was moaning with every single bite I took! The sad thing is that I'm not even exaggerating! I couldn't help it---every bite brought me so much pleasure that my body couldn't handle it and was forced to moan. As long you care about tasty pleasure more than graceful appearances, go to Bob's and the Filet medium-rare.After my Harry met Sally moment, we went on to dessert. The creme brulee is served cold...the taste is good, but I like it better hot.  We ended the evening with Frangelica as our "after-dinner" drink which was the perfect ending.Moral: yay steak!
<review# 2041,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2009,2/12/2009,7,5,7,10,7>I have been to Simon's a couple of times now and have not been disappointed yet. I read the reviews before going so naturally I ordered the BTS roll. It actually lived up to the hype. It was quite tasty and offered several different textures which was nice. I also thought the pico on top was a nice touch. We also ordered some standards like Spicy Tuna and eel which were good. Then we went out on a limb and ordered the #40roll (I think that is the correct number but I am sure it was on the specialty menu and was a number). It was outstanding!! I typically favor spicy rolls so this one was right up my alley. I have had the 911 roll before and it is pretty tasty but the #40 roll stole the show. The only thing keeping Simons from achieving the 5th star is the wait staff. They are all very nice but sometimes seem to "disappear". It's BYOB so naturally I brought in a bottle of whiskey. I was ordering sprite to mix it with and the waiter was a little slow to bring additional sprites and then when she did get there on time she tried to take the Sprite that was on the table unfinished.... Hold up Tonto there is still whiskey in that glass.
<review# 2042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2009,2/11/2009,78,64,14,7,7>We were warned, we were all warned! You could tell that panic was about to erupt by the crowd at Kroger's on Mockingbird (Dr. Pepper Station) that precautions were being taken. Bottle water and can goods were flying off the shelves. It got pretty ugly, people even fighting over the last can of Hominy. "Do you know what this stuff even is?" I screamed over the rioting crowd with only one thing on their mind, Survival. They didn't. I even had to take the hands of a SMU co-ed off the neck of a 76 year old lady trying to by laxative. "They can't find me fat and frozen!"  I held her in my arms as she cried out in fear of what was in store for Dallas that night! I must have held her for an hour... until an off duty police officer freed her. Supplies were thinning out; I was able to get away with a frozen "vegetarian" pizza and a box of Kettle corn microwave popcorn and juice boxes from the "organic" section. As I made my way back to my car the ice started to fall, this was happening, this was for real.I got home and made sure that the boards in the windows where going to be able to withstand the storm, thinking to myself "Hey if God wants to take me then he'll take me." And I left it at that. The tempter dropped and the ice fell as I placed the last sandbag in the doorway, which sucked because I forgot to take my dog Steve for his evening walk around the block. The tempter dropped and the ice fell as I placed the last sandbag in the doorway... again.In front of me I laid out of my previsions, Water, check, can goods, check, flashlight (extra) batteries, check, a few movies I rented from Blockbuster, check, frozen "vegetarian" pizza, check, one box of Kettle Corn microwave popcorn, check and one box of "organic" juice boxes, check. Did it really come down to this, a meatless pizza? I looked at my dog Steve trying to give him a reassuring look that everything was going to be okay, that we would make it, but he could sense that something was wrong and there was a good chance if things got bad, I would have to eat him. There was going to be meat on that pizza. The ice began to fall harder and frozenerer. Now all I had was time, was it the last that I was to have on this planet? Was this really it, me sitting in a room waiting for the grim reaper to come a calling? Was God giving me the chance to repent my sins so that when I was standing at the gates of heaven they would fly open and welcome me for an eternity of happiness and bliss of riding Go-Karts and watching Kung Fu movies! I got down on my knees and closed my eyes as tight as I could and I began to pray.... "Dear Father in Heaven I am a sinner...."  The phone rang, it was a buddy of mine and he wanted to now if I wanted to go get a Tex Mex fix at Blue Goose. I said sure. So I unloaded the sand bags and went to The Blue Goose.I haven't been to The Blue Goose for a long time, the last time was when I was with my sisters and a few friends and we were sitting on the patio and my sister (drunk and loud) started to make fun of this girls hair-do and her huge cowboy husband slammed me up against the wall and threatened to kick my ass. Pointing to my sister, I was like "Don't you want to kick her ass she's the one doing all the smack talking!" Then I reassured him that if he laid one hand on me my lawyer would slap the nastiest lawsuit on him that there would be no more time for bad haircuts. Psssst. I don't really have a lawyer.I got the chicken (fajita) taco salad with honey mustard dressing, it was good, I'm going back for chicken fajitas. The chips are hot and the salsa rocks. They make a good house margarita I even got frozen, in which I thought was ironic because there was a good chance that ice was going to kill me that very night. I can see why these guys have been around for 20 something years. Once I got home, I bunkered down in my Lazy Boy and listened to the ice hit the boards outside my house, the constant smoothing rhythm of the pelting frozen rain sent me into a deep slumber where I stayed for the entire night.I woke up around 10:30AM, most of the ice melted and it was like 85 degrees, I got up and took my dog for a walk. Oh, Crocs + Ice = Spinal Injury.
<review# 2043,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2009,2/10/2009,52,186,4,8,7>Amazing that an asian food fiend like me hadn't been to Tom Tom before, but yes - it's true. I went for lunch today and had the summer rolls and the chinese chicken salad. The summer rolls were better than any non-fried spring rolls I've ever had. They contained all the usual ingredients: shrimp, cucumber, carrot, greens, noodles and ginger. But not just ginger - full slices of ginger! I'm an 100% obsesso about ginger, so it was a nice surprise.The chinese chicken salad consisted of roast chicken, greens, radicchio, and crispy tarot root in chinese giner and peanut dressing. This isn't something I'd ever order, but I'm trying to branch out and stay away from the less healthy noodle based dishes. This salad got better as I ate, as the dressing was more prevalent the deeper I dug, so next time I will mix it around a bit more before I eat. But this salad was excellent. I think when summer hits and the thermometer threatens to explode I will get wicked cravings for this cool, light, refreshing salad. Yum!
<review# 2044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/18/2009,2/9/2009,18,56,5,5,4>This is a sho' 'nuff 4-star-er.  Easy call. They don't try to be too much and what they try they get right. If you're looking for a casual restaurant with good food, this should be it for you.The restaurant is just a bit to the west of Inwood Village on the north side of Lovers. Your best bet is to valet. All you're out is tip. I'd heard, and will now confirm, that if you're dining with ankle biter, you must get there before 6. Trust me. If you dawdle, you will be standing in the middle of the bar/entry way holding your kids and praying for a table.The bar & the bartenders exude at-ease professionalism. They actually make you want to drink. Kinda like Bruce Willis in Pulp Fiction (especially the scene when he's just won the fight and hops into the back of the cab) makes you want to smoke.  I digress. Their drink menu reflects their contribution to the bar drink resurgence.  Among the selections, featured prominently on its own page in front of the dinner menu, were the: I want to get hammered; I want to sip; I want to look like I know how to order a martini, and the I want to show everybody I know what prosecco is; drinks. They had PBR on draft and Schlitz & Lone Star in a can. You may know they taste like crap, but for some reason it seemed cool that they have 'em.   Now to the goods: the food was great, just like a great neighborhood restaurant should be. Even though the menu wasn't huge my wife and I both had tough decisions between 4 or 5 choices. The have a daily house made pasta special, a fish dish, a roast supper, and a nightly special.  Look at the online menu and you might get a better idea.  Wife had the scallops.  She'd ordered a salad, but alas, el garcon misplaced it in his brain and she got nada.  Her scallops were good.  Was it the Ritz... no, but, they were good.  I got a burger.  Why did I get a burger?  Because Nick, the owner, told me to.  It was raptacular.  Cooked to perfection. Being gluttons, we also ordered brussels and shallots (nice), mac and chz (um, cuz it was on the menu), and some more french fries (see ankle biter, above).  All delivered.  Dessert was sherbet (sure thought there was another "r" in that word) for said young ones, and Ding Dong a la NS for the old folks.  Let me just say... not too shabby.  I'm not much of a dessert guy, but this was worth it.  It really tasted like I remember a Ding Dong tasting... but better.When we were leaving at 7:30 the bar was completely packed.  Just FYI.
<review# 2045,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2008,2/8/2009,126,176,13,15,12>I died this weekend.  It must have been the mac and cheese from The Porch.  I knew one day its deliciousness would do me in.  As I was going toward the white light, I managed a glance to my right and caught a view of a smiling man with an upright bass.  He was surrounded by small tables balancing wine glasses and equally-smiling patrons as deep notes from the strings swirled around the room.  Suddenly, the Fuzz was guiding me toward a glossy case of....chocolate!!!!   Rows and rows of cream-filled this and Italian-rolled that covered the shelves. What must have been an angel handed me a wine list and recommended a pinot noir.  We floated to a nearby table with plates of chocolates and bottles of wine as flavors melted and rolled over our tongues and into eager bellies for all eternity.  Yes.  Heaven is a chocolate-wine pairing.
<review# 2046,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,2/7/2009,169,220,7,9,8>Steel is "steel" (har, har, bad pun!) my favorite. It's my go-to for nice sushi dinners and I still love the lunch bento boxes.Anyway, got the scoop on some nice seasonal things I think Yelpers will enjoy. Steel has a few new sushi rolls with fresh fruit in them. I tried the Paradise roll - tuna, mango and jalapeno. The spicy mixed with sweet seems like an unlikely combination, but the quality of this roll was outstanding. It's not for the faint of heart - the jalapenos still had seeds in, so one piece may send you scrambling for the water glass - but it's totally worth it. Kona kompachi was there tonight too. It was the best I've had in Dallas.Brandy fruit foster is always my dessert stand-by, but I branched out and tried the chocolate bento box. Nom, nom, nom. Pomtinis, mango martinis and all the speciality drinks are winners as well.
<review# 2047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2009,2/6/2009,19,11,7,8,8>It is not very often that I go out and treat myself to a nice meal, and I actually did not chose the Capital Grille on the night I went.  But I have to say, I'm so glad it was chosen for me. We started the night with Stoli Dolis.  I'm still not quite sure what is in this drink, but it tasted very good.  We sat down for dinner and the waitress knew my friend's name (he had made the reservations) and used it to welcome us-very nice touch. I ordered the Spinach Salad with Bacon Dressing and my friend got the special that night, a Tomato and Onion salad.  Both were perfect.  For entrees I ordered the Filet Oscar.  I don't remember what my friend ordered, because after one bite of my filet, I couldn't think of anything else. This steak was so good. It will probably be another long while before I will go out and spend that much on myself for dinner, but I hope to return to the Capital Grille again one day.
<review# 2048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2008,2/5/2009,64,120,7,12,9>Based on the two cocktails I had here, I have to give Victor Tango's a 5 star rating. First off, they are only $8 bucks a pop! I had the Passionfruit Gimlet which was artfully prepped by the super friendly bartender. It was sweet but not overpowering, and it comes with a sprig of thyme carefully placed over the top of the glass that you can smell while sipping. I also tried the Pepper Smash which was pepper-y (duh) but not so much that it turned me off from the drink. Different but in a good exciting way.I'll definitely have to go back to try out the food. All the bartenders & servers were friendly & helpful, and for some reason even the people were nicer! No dirty looks when I accidently bumped into people as the bar got more crowded.
<review# 2049,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2009,2/4/2009,55,30,,5,4>Every time I go to the Apple Store in Highland Park, it usually requires a stop at Wild About Harry's.  While it's nowhere near as good as a San Francisco hot dog, it's one of the only places in the Dallas area that will serve me a jumbo dog with tomatoes on top.  The fries are great also. I haven't tried the custard yet, but I've heard nothing but rave reviews about it.  I'll definitely check it out sometime soon.Be warned, if you go there on a Friday or Saturday night, or any weekday during the lunch hour, the place gets PACKED.  Sometimes there is a line that extends through the front door.  The service here alone is worth the wait!
<review# 2050,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2009,2/3/2009,220,341,6,14,11>This is my favorite Chinese place in town.  Start with the soup dumplings.  Take a little bite and sip out the soup before eating the whole thing.  Otherwise, you will make a huge mess.  It is very delicate and must be devoured carefully.My favorite entree is the tea shrimp.  Try them first without the sauce and then with the sauce.  It is like having 2 totally different entrees on the same plate.  Sugar Bear enjoys the red pepper beef even though he is not a fan of Chinese food. There are some more 'typical' Chinese food options on the menu, but this is a special place and I recommend culinary experimentation.  You will find new favorites here!
<review# 2051,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2008,2/2/2009,92,346,7,6,7>What a cute little place!  Actually, it's not all that petite, but the way the tables are crammed in makes it seem smaller.  Still, the atmosphere is very cute and Parisian.  It reminded me SO much (right down to the menu) of one of my favorite restaurants, Left Bank, in California.At Left Bank, I always always always order the duck.  It is divine.  Thus, I was sorely tempted to try the duck at Toulouse, but I restrained myself because I wanted to judge Toulouse on its own merits, not in comparison to the amazing Left Bank.  So, I ordered the scallops.  Mmmm scallops.We passed on a starter because we were eating that lovely warm sourdough bread like there was no tomorrow.  Our first plate of bread came out half-sliced (you know when they leave it connected just at the bottom, forcing you to grab and squish the entire loaf in order to rip off a piece?).  This is a weird little restaurant thing I've begrudgingly learned to live with.  At Toulouse, my boyfriend mentioned to me in passing how annoying it is.  When our waiter whisked away the empty bread plate and replaced it with another one (without being asked!!! three cheers!!), miracle of miracles, the bread was completely sliced.  Either the waiter overheard us, or he was a mind-reader.  Fantastic!I had a glass of the $9.50 pinot noir, which was nice, but nothing spectacular.  In Dallas, it seems to be a rule that no wines by the glass are going to be spectacular.  I've been spoiled by four years in the Napa area, where not even the humblest restaurant offers a single wine by the glass that's anything less than spectacular.  {sigh}The service was great except for the crazy lady who seated us with an overly pompous, fake French accent.  We knew it was fake because as we were leaving, she said bye and thanks for coming without any accent what-so-ever.  But that was all the interaction we had with her, so it didn't bug me too much.  Our waiter was fantastic, with just the right balance of attentiveness and leave-us-alone-ness.Anyway, I guess you all might want to hear about the food.  (Maybe?  I can recite poetry instead if you want....)  Okay, the food was delicious.  My boyfriend got the halibut special with some sort of tomato risotto.  Mmmmm.  My scallops were delicious, large and plump and perfectly seared.  I'm always hesitant to order scallops because it tends to be one of those dishes that is more artistic than filling, but this dish had four massive scallops with a hearty portion of mashed potatoes as well.  I was stuffed by the time I finished!We passed on dessert because we were so close to Yogilicious (I know, it's shameful, I'm an addict -- the first step is admitting it and the second step is completely giving in).  To be honest, I love souffles more than life itself, but the flavors offered at Toulouse (raspberry, Grand Marnier, and one other) didn't really excite me.By the way, they gave me a staff shirt at Yogilicious.  Awww yeah.
<review# 2052,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2009,2/1/2009,165,113,7,9,11>I was one of many who was tearful as the Meridian Room closed its doors in the fall. I was also one of the first to smile and stand in line for 1/2 price Wednesdays when it was reopened.The Meridian Room is back! However, there are some changes. As you will notice on the menu, certain beers are blacked out and no longer available on draught. The lights are a little brighter. The art on the wall is slightly less offensive. Scareoke is no longer advertised by the kitchen.However, the food is still AMAZING and the atmosphere will follow in time.Be a patron of local dives and enjoy the feeling that can only be provided by reading dirty poetry in a bathroom stall, drinking a SKZA, and munching on delish sweet potato fries.
<review# 2053,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2008,1/31/2009,30,78,2,13,11>Are you a fan of coffee, wine, art exhibitions, independent theater, quirky people? Then sign up for the Kitchen Dog Theater mailing list and get your booty to one of their productions!The theater is just a few minutes walking from my house, and I always pass it on my way to yoga. I finally made it to one of their Thursday night shows for the most recent production of Edward Albee's "The Goat/Who is Sylvia" (a wacky but sad story line involving a man's love affair with a goat). For those of you who don't know, Albee also wrote "Who's Afraid of Virginia Woolf." I was very pleased when i walked into the theater because it seemed to be a newly rennovated warehouse space with plenty of seating. Patrons were just hanging out and having wine and snacks in a little cafe area. There was an awesome art exhibit displayed with sculpures made of cigarette boxes and paintings, but for the life of me I can't remember the name of the artist.  It was just a cool space to hang out in before the show.A few minutes before show time, everyone lines up at the entrance of the theater. Once you get in, it's open seating. It's not very big (maybe 100 seats?) but almost every seat is a good one with no obstructions (ampitheatre style set up). The set design was surprisingly professional.The show was great, and you really get to feel the emotion (and this particular show was VERY emotional) becuase everyone is so close to the stage and the actors. I would just advise you to bring a coat or a sweater because the theater is chilly!I highly recommend this theater, particularly if you're into a more informal experience. You can walk in the day of the show and purchase a ticket, and the prices are right!
<review# 2054,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2009,1/29/2009,33,118,8,11,9>Upon entering this restaurant and walking up to the counter, my first thought was, "Crap this place sucks..." However after one of Damian's meals (followed by another), I am HOOKED to this restaurant. Damian's Cajun Soul Cafe is a little restaurant just off Highway 360, north of Abrams st. At first glance, it looks like a crappy operation; but Mr. Damian is quite the Cajun Chef. The menu was a dry erase boardThe entree selection could be counted on one handThe food was cooked and sitting in a heating areaSome of the food was unrecognizableBUT THIS RESTAURANT IS AMAZINGLet me tell you about my first experience here.I entered the place with my girlfriend and was promptly greeted at the counter by Damian. I observed the food and ordered the Seafood Etoufee and a Hamburger for my friend. Damian began with the rice, which was probably a quarter full... but he insisted on getting me some fresher rice. He plated up the dish with a side of smothered okra (which looked really weird) and the Ettouffee was loaded with crawfish and all kinds of delicious sea critters. I proceeded to dine on the BEST ettoufee I'd ever tasted!My friend's burger was so good, I ordered one for myself.While I ate, I chatted with Damian who handmade everything, including the wonderful cornbread. This cafe doesn't have a specific menu, the chef makes different things everyday (along with daily specials). I appreciate this a lot, it gives me a challenge in attempting to eat everything in this Cajun fella's arsenal. (Which I SO am looking forward to)I must say, this little joint is soon to be one of my favorite restaurants. So give Damian a call and see what he's got cookin' today. You won't be disappointed.NOTE: Damian's Cajun Soul Cafe is open Tuesday-Friday, 11am - 4:00pm, & Sunday lunch *edited for hours*
<review# 2055,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2009,1/28/2009,251,161,7,10,8>My friends and I had New Year's Eve dinner at Sambuca's and I had an awesome time. For starters, I chose the Buca Beignets: the prosciutto embedded within was delectable & the mozzarella did not overwhelm the taste. Several of our party had the lobster bisque & they were more than satisfied with its creamy goodness. After the yummy Gorgonzola salad topped with caramelized walnuts, we were served our entrees and I found my Lobster gnocchi to be scrumptious. My friends that had the filet mignon loved it and thought it was tender and prepared just right. Dessert did turn out to be the piece de resistance for me cos I ordered the Decadent Chocolate Torte & it was delightful. They had great cocktail drinks & I ordered a summer sky...that embodied real raspberries & was quite refreshing. I loved Sambuca's atmosphere not only is the service amiable and professional; the live music is upbeat & engaging. Their elegant and sophisticated ambiance really does serve to heighten the gaiety of the festivities.
<review# 2056,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,1/27/2009,725,843,11,14,13>So I said to Joe Avezzano, while enjoying my NYE sushi buffet.... No, I didn't have the guts to go up and shake the man's hand but it was super cool to see him. I actually wouldn't have shaken his hand. I would have grabbed his shoulders and shaken him begging for him to help coach again. I'm not surprised to see Cowboys and ex-Cowboy's at Midori. It is in the hood. And there a photos on the walls of all the folks who have eaten there...most in blue and white jerseys. I'm also not surprised because the sushi is top notch. I've never been disappointed by quality, freshness, quantity and creativity. The service and value are equally awesome! You get more bang for your buck at their lunch buffet than you would anywhere else in town, mega buffets included. For NYE they pulled out all the stops. They referred to the dinner as being an International Sushi Buffet. It was. No, they didn't have the Australian spam sushi, but they had a wide variety of Pan-Asian offerings. I'm not even going to try to list it all...but be sure I ate it all. Still my favorite thing was when we used to eat lunch there. My gal-pal Q can put away more sushi than anyone I know. We used to hit the buffet towards the end. Before they cleared the buffet, as we were winding down. They would come to the table and offer the dish to Q before they took it away. Acknowledging greatness is their forte!
<review# 2057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2009,1/26/2009,102,49,6,9,10>Pizza again? No bueno!!! Lucky for us Dallas-ites we have Quesa-D-Ya's! I have been meaning to try this place forever but, finally remembered Saturday when I was visiting my boy who lives off Greenville. We didn't know they delievered so we went up there to get it to go. The owner and his co workers couldn't have been more helpful. The young lady stepped around the counter to give us a thorough description of what they offered and how it worked. She told us the sizes are the same as basic pizza sizes. However, I tend to disagree. While it is fairly easy to eat two or three pieces of pizza, it's not as easy to eat two or three wedges of a D-Yah. The d-yah is so chock full of fillings and meat that I couldn't eat more then one! We had a large for two people and it was WAY more then we needed. No biggie though because it reheated perfectly. I should also add that these d-yahs are nice and crispy, and not soggy whatsoever. Kinda shocking considering the amount of yummy, gooeyness locked within. The salsa they give you is even good! It is very reminiscent of the salsa at Uncle Julio's, meaning it was warm and of the smokey chipolte variety. Go ahead and get some queso too! It was even good, and loaded down with peppers and tomatoes. While we were waiting for our food I asked when they delivered till. The same nice young lady told me from 11 am till 10 30pm during the week and till 11pm on the weekend. Not bad! I know this place is going to go over well, and I am excited for the owner. Good for him to come up with a new concept and then execute it so well. From the food to the service... this place was a plus.
<review# 2058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,1/25/2009,105,201,7,13,10>I don't know why I find Bishop Arts District so damn cool. It's not really my scene per se (as if I have a scene). It's just really neat little shops and restaurants tucked into a little neighborhood. They have a store that just sells unique sodas, it's pretty great. Dallas needs more of this. It feels a lot more authentic than uptown or *gulp* Mockingbird Station.I will say that this place can get pretty confusing at night when they have the streets blocked off for festivals or what-not. I recommend just forking out the money for the valet, it's easier than looking for parking on a crowded evening.
<review# 2059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2008,1/24/2009,57,295,1,7,3>I have lived across the street from Elliott's Hardware for a year and never ventured in until this week.  I am kicking myself for not going sooner.I needed pine-sol, a mop, and a trash bin.  I walked in and was surprised it is as big as it looks from the outside.  I didn't know where to start and, within a few minutes, a very nice employee came over to help.  He not only showed me where my stuff was but he explained the layout of the store and its hours.The prices for everyday supplies are pretty competitive to  Target/Walgreens/CVS.  For the rest of the store's products/services (and I'm sure what accounts for the bulk of their business), based on the experience, I would definitely hit up Elliot's Hardware when the situation calls. PLENTY of parking, easy to get to, and it's a local business.  Good times.
<review# 2060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2008,1/23/2009,136,135,15,16,13>Another stellar performance by the ever-bearded Brian Thurow. *clap clap clap clap clap*Last night I had the pleasure of hanging out with a couple of the guys for a few minutes before getting tattooed because this is the holiday season and for tattoo shops, this means slow.  Shame on you people!  Getting tattoos is the perfect holiday gift!  Seriously!  What better way to impress your loved one than getting a tattoo of ever lasting love permanently drawn into your body?Well, since the place was slow the boys locked up and it was just Brian and I for the next 3-4 hours.  I had so much fun that I can't recall when I actually got ready to go home.  We chatted, we tattooed, we talked about stupid stuff.  I feel like Brian is now more of a friend than just a tattoo artist, and that's really the greatest when you're spending hours with someone inflicting pain on your body, on purpose (he knows I love it).  It was really convenient for me too (just us being there) since I was getting my hip worked on, because my bum bum was out in full force for all to see.  Lucky Brian was the only one who got the show though.Anyway... I LOVE LOVE LOVE my new tattoo.  I will post a better picture of it when I get a chance, but I am absolutely thrilled with how clean and colorful and well it turned out.  It's amazingly awesome and I give a thousand thanks to Brian for hooking me up.Seriously people, Saints & Sinners may be in a mini-mall, but you'd be a mini-moron for not checking them out.
<review# 2061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2008,1/22/2009,28,17,4,10,4>Possibly one of the best car wash's I've ever been to.  Friendly locals who operate the business and the wash is impeccable.  You park your car on a conveyor-belt, put it in neutral and through the wash you go.  After you are finished with the automated wash, there are a couple of guys who polish off your car with chamois and you move to the self-service vacuums which are free.I'd recommend getting the 10-dollar wash because it has a five-day guarantee where if it rains, your car gets bird-shat or simply dusted with all the crap in the air, you can get yourself another wash for free (within the five days respectively.)
<review# 2062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2008,1/21/2009,289,128,3,6,6>I am probably not your typical Frankie's patron (over 40 and gay) but wanted to enjoy a low-key meal out on the patio. Primo's was a nightmare so I walked down to Frankie's. Plusses include lots of outdoor seating, attractive people of both sexes, awesome drink specials. I had the meatball hero and onion rings and both were DAMN good. The bread on my hero was fresh, toasted just the right amount to be crusty outside, soft and chewy inside. Their rings are HUGE and flavorful with a great coating, even if a bit on the greasy side. Service had alot to be desired, but for neighborhood joint, am glad to have it as an option in my hood.
<review# 2063,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2009,1/20/2009,4,73,2,10,8>This is the best Mexican food in Dallas. Forget Taco Cabana or Cristina's or any of those chain places, or even any Mexican restaurants north of the river, this is the real deal.Virginia's is a little place on Hampton just north of Clarendon. Absolutely no one there speaks any English. Even when you tell them you don't speak Spanish, they keep speaking it to you. Just point to the menu and smile and you get what you ordered.The tortillas are made fresh, the meat is good and the spices and seasonings are perfect. They keep your drinks full and they keep the homemade chips coming. On top of it all, you can get extraordinarily full and happy for under $7. If you have people visiting from out of town, consider going down south to Virginia's, its great.
<review# 2064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,1/19/2009,35,150,2,7,6>This is my favorite vegetarian restaurant in Dallas. I find the food to be truly amazing. If you want a huge buffet, this is not the place for you. They have a fairly small selection, but it changes regularly, and who cares since it all tastes AMAZING. I kid you not. The atmosphere is divine, literally. It has a sense of peace and calmness around the whole place. The patio area is gorgeous and seems almost magical, as cheesy as that sounds. The only downside is the location, which is pretty far from Plano. You have to check this place out if you are vegetarian or love Indian food! Also, their buffet price is GREAT, particularly at lunch time!
<review# 2065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2008,1/18/2009,127,93,1,10,3>I went back to Hibachi Rock, this time with my sister.  We got there in time for happy hour (weekdays until 7) and sat at the sushi bar.First, you can't beat $3 glasses of wine!  Their house wines are actually quite good, and really inexpensive during HH.  They have a decent wine selection anyway, though, and they don't seem to mark up prices like SO many other places.Tried their sashimi for the first time--the guy working behind the sushi bar suggested the Yellowtail because it was the freshest fish that day.  Very good flavor, and he was right about the freshness.Had to get the rainbow rolls again....but this time also tried one of their volcano rolls (basically a tower of sushi rolls with really yummy sauces).  It was delicious.  Then, the sushi chef made us a "special" roll (he put shrimp tempura INSIDE a roll, laughing while doing it because it is now too fat to roll).  He actually managed to roll it without anything falling out and it was really yummy.  The mixed textures and flavors were really good together.Still very impressed with Hibachi Rock and love extra low prices during happy hour!
<review# 2066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2009,1/17/2009,199,275,6,13,6>O' Sprouts, how I love thee with your cheap greenery and bulk food.As a health food nut and cheap college kid, Sprouts is perfect. The produce is always cheap and very fresh. I even try things I would never have eaten just because they're so friggin cheap. Hello spaghetti squash  with marinara. There is no excuse to not eat vegetarian with places like Sprouts around. The bulk foods are great. I can spend 75 cents and have steel cut oatmeal for a week. Brown sugar for 40 cents and then a handful of yogurt covered pretzels for 50 cents. It's nirvana for the cheap veggie loving crowd. Wine is always cheap and they have a few things that Whole Foods carry but it's definitely way less expensive. All in all, two very enthusiastic thumbs up!
<review# 2067,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/24/2008,1/16/2009,100,86,13,9,10>If aliens observed humans, they'd find much similarity between how women behave in this place and how caged animals behave when food is thrown in the pen.  That is, like stark, raving, frenzied creatures.  This place is packed with women of all ages, nationalities, and style consciences grabbing at haphazardly arranged merchandise ranging from gaudy, bejeweled handbags to rather classy, chunky necklaces.  On the far side, they even have a wall of wigs that's adjacent to a wall of luggage that's next to a wall of tiaras.  Toldja it was random.    Truth be told, the place was a little overwhelming even for me (and I'm a gal that's not afraid to throw a few elbows at a good sale).  However, I'm lookin' forward to bringing my mamma here when she visits Dallas- now there's a woman who's not afraid to throw a much needed elbow or two (and she loves her bejeweled handbags)!
<review# 2068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2009,1/15/2009,136,202,7,9,8>At my office, we order in tacos from El Paisa almost every week.  Why? Because they're cheap, close, and excellent!  I've not actually been to the establishment, but from what I understand, it's probably more of a "pick up" than "dine in" kind of place.The taco plates come with two tacos, rice, and beans.  They double up the corn tortillas on the tacos and fill them your choice of meat.  I've tried the carnitas and chicken; both rocked.  Also, I really like their beans.  They taste so good that I imagine they are full of lard.  No me importa!They have several different kinds of salsa you can put on your tacos.  We are never quite sure what level of spice the salsa will have on any given day.  It's almost a game at our office to guess how spicy it'll be(especially since everyone likes different degrees of spiciness).The food always tastes fresh; they sometimes run out of stuff if you don't go early enough at lunch.  Such is the price of freshness!
<review# 2069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2008,1/14/2009,549,363,13,20,17>After weeks of rescheduling and saying "we oughta" I finally made it to Eno's in Bishop Arts. You know those places that you instantly love because it's just so damn cool and you think to yourself "self, if we open a restaurant some day it should be like THIS"... well, that's what Eno's is to me.We were greeted by a cool host dude who said it would be about a 20 minute wait (at 8:00 on a Friday night). Not bad, just long enough to sit at the bar and check out this beer list that's so rockin'. We hopped up on a comfy stool, ordered a round of Fireman's 4's (one of my favorite Texas beers!) and barely had time to finish our first round before our table was ready. Perfect!We first ordered the Roasted Bread with gastro-butter ($4). It's a fresh out of the oven sourdough loaf with truffle infused butter. Ohmygawd. It was like locusts had descended upon it... the four of us had it eaten and it was gone before the server came back with our next round of beer.We ordered two salads... the General Store (lettuce, cucumber, tomato, bell pepper, onion, peppered pork belly, fennel, maytag bleu tossed in a warm vinaigrette -- $9.25) and the Salad Supreme (cured ham, charred green onion, green peppers, olive assortment, wild mushrooms, mozzarella, bacon confit with a vinaigrette -- $10.75). I liked the Salad Supreme better... but you've got to like big chunks of ham and mushrooms like shitaike. In hindsight, I probably should have had something simpler (wait, I'm looking at the menu and I realize there isn't anything simpler-- everything has a "kitchen sink" sort of mixture of stuff in them). Okay, so maybe we should have just split ONE amongst 4 people. The salads are really big and hearty, but I guess at $10 a pop they really give you your money's worth...For our pizzas we ordered the Classic Pie (fresh mozzarella with fresh picked herbs) and the Northside (Salami, charred green onion, green olives, bell peppers, garlic and basil). The pizzas definitely were amazing and thin. It might have been the third beer I was on but I wish I would have done some more inquisiting about what I would be getting. On the Classie Pie, one of the fresh picked herbs was dill which I don't really like. The Northside pizza has green olives, which I don't like on pizzas (this was clearly stated on the menu, again I was just not paying attention close enough). None of this was enough to stop us from eating both entire pizzas... but a little more careful ordering may have made this a perfect meal. Green olives and dill are easy items to pick off, but not jut ordering willy-nilly would have been better. We ordered two "regulars" which is the smaller size ($13 and $16) and it was just the right amount for us four adults.Service was great, the bartenders were friendly with just the right amount of "flirt" in them. The waiter was cool and fun but professional and quick. I really liked Eno's and I'll always be up for going back!
<review# 2070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2009,1/13/2009,511,139,8,13,11>Wow.A NYC market and sandwich shop right here in Big D.I remember a friend of mine mentioning Jimmy's to me a while ago, but had never been until about an hour ago.When you walk in, the first thing you'll notice is that it is definitely not one of Dallas' showroom - style grocers. In fact, it's kind of "dive-y". Those reading my reviews will begin to see that dives are frequently among my faves.Jimmy's is stocked with many great Italian wines, gourmet sodas, specialty meats like Taylor Pork and sweet delights. Come to think of it--it's a lot like middle class Eatzi's--only the sandwich was MUCH better.I had the Cuban sandwich, $5.99, comprised of ham, pickles, melted cheese & peppers etc.... My mouth is still tingling from that succulent, favor-exploding morsel. Yeah it was pretty good... and as I was eating--I kid you not--I could hear music playing only to realize it was the theme song to "The Godfather"--a little hokey but perfect for a first visit. Then it was on to the Rat Pack and Michael Buble among others. Quite nice.Of course, being my first time there, I ran in to other friends of mine who were as keen as I, but had never told me of the place, for which I scolded them for keeping it a secret. Some secret--the place was fairly packed.People were roaming the smallish-packed aisles, eating in the small seating area at the front of the store, and queued up at the deli/sandwich area at the back of the store. This is, by the way where you would also find hand-made Chianti salami, or custom made fig pastries among a wide variety of other delectables.I would say Jimmy's is moving waaaay up on my fav list. Which I need to go create now!
<review# 2071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2009,1/12/2009,40,15,12,23,21>If you are looking for the latest elliptical machines to work on, you won't find them at Doug's Gym.  Looking for a stairstepper?  There's the original stairstepper of wooden steps going up to the second floor.  In a town littered with health clubs where people are more interested in what they're wearing and what kind of smoothie they're going to order, it is good to know that a place like Doug's Gym exists.Imagine your junior high gym, and then fast forward in time about thirty years.  That's what Doug's Gym is.  There is nothing but old fashioned iron, benches, curling irons, and of course a heavy punching bag.  There are no rules, spoken or unspoken, on how to dress... but you do have to wear a shirt.  If Rocky had to sign up for a membership in Dallas, Doug's Gym would be his choice.Doug Eidd is 78,  still has biceps like grapefruit, and he has owned the gym for over 40 years.  He trains in the old school way and claims to be able to shape any body, male or female, using a specific plan.  The gym's members include people from just out of hight school on up into their 80's, and gym members have included Chuck Norris, WWE wrestlers, and even Jack Ruby.  Still, on my way upstairs the gym for the first time, I saw a couple in their 60's working out with light weights in the corner.I sat down in his office on my first visit as he puffed on a tobacco pipe.  "What are you looking to do?"  I told him I was looking to lose about fifteen pounds and get into shape.  "You're young enough that we can put some muscle on you too, no problem!"  He put together a list of twelve exercises and showed me how they would target each part of my body."I'll train you each time you come in for the first thirty days for $175.  After that, you should know exactly what to do, and it will be $250 for six months of membership."  $175 included the first month of membership, and Doug has trained me each time I've been in this first week.  I haven't lifted weights in over five years, but Doug gave me unintimidating instructions and worked me at an encouraging pace that had me feeling good about getting back in the gym instead of bad about being out of the gym for so long.In my workout Friday, my left shoulder was giving me some issues after sleeping on it wrong the night before.  I didn't tell Doug, but he noticed it as I was working out.  "Your left shoulder is giving you some trouble, isn't it?" he asked me.   He ran me through a few other exercises, and I was feeling the burn without the pain on my shoulder.  "You shouldn't feel these in your shoulder at all," and he was right.  The man is a body genius, and I am looking forward to seeing the results at the end of each month.If you're looking to find your next date at the gym, you should probably pass on signing up at Doug's.  If you are looking for a no-frills place where you can concentrate on shaping your body without having to worry about what you look like, Doug's Gym should be first on your list.
<review# 2072,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2008,1/8/2009,147,117,19,11,8>I finally made it out to this protien mecca of the Lone Star State, and i must say, not only am i a fan, im buying season tickets.  First i would like to compliment them on thier location, structural layout, and decor.  It looks badass where it is, elevated, in the trees a little bit, and right next to the trail back there.  The dimly lit dining room always gives a place a little added mystery and elegance, and i love that!I had never been, so, after our waiter told me how they do it over here in Brazil for about 10 minutes, we headed off to the "salad bar".  Salad bar my ass!  More like a hear are all of the side items in the world bar!  I was grabbing things i'd never heard of, or even cared what they were.  And after all of the delicious "salad" items had been laid out before me, i couldn't keep my spoon out of the lobster bisque, it was so creamy and melty, almost like they put a lobster and a cloud in a blender, and this is what came out.Alright, time to get serious.....now, if you're not ready to get bombarded by men with large sticks full of hot juicy meats from all over the world, and from every animal on the farm and beyond.....then don't flip that little red coaster over to green, trust me.  But if you are, and you are brave enough, then turn to green and let the games begin.  From flank steak, to 3 different kinds of lamb, to sausage, to pepper steak, to chicken parm, to.............what happened?  I blacked out.This place has amazing food and lots of it, and don't ask me how we did it, but we finished it off with a piece of key lime pie.  That's when the button on my jeans went flying and we had to leave.  But i will be back, just need a little more training before next time.
<review# 2073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,1/7/2009,97,38,9,12,12>Wait, are we in Dallas, or Belgium? That's what I had to ask myself when I saw the barkeep do the trick with the knife on my freshly poured Belgian beer. I had heard so much good about this place that expectations were high. They didn't disappoint.The decor is very warm and welcoming and the service attentive. Felt like a quaint bar where you'd want to hang out for happy hour on a regular basis.They have a decent selection of beers.  It is by no means as extensive as the Gingerman's, but quite adequate. It seems to be a on the Belgian side as there weren't that many English/Irish beers on tap to choose from.The food is great.  I've tasted the best grilled cheese sandwich ever (until wifey made me a better one the next day!).  Their sweet potato fries are wonderful. Crispy and well seasoned. I had to fend off my wife as she was trying to steel them from my plate. She had the regular fries which we thought were a bit lacking in crispiness. Next time we'll have to try the trio of fries, a popular menu item. I also tried the pulled pork sandwich, but felt it was a bit dry and missing some kind of BBQ sauce on top.All in all, this is a great alternative to The Old Monk.
<review# 2074,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2008,1/6/2009,207,393,6,11,9>I've only ridden DART light rail on the weekends, so it very well may tinge my review. Maybe there are fewer trains. Maybe they run farther apart on the schedule. I could look it up, but meh. I still like the concept of DART and I would happily support many, many more lines. It just takes forever on the weekends. For example, for less money in tolls and gas (currently gas is $1.40 a gallon), I can just drive. For example, to go the White Rock Lake on the DART may take an hour, but only :20 in the car. But for special events at the AAC, you can't beat it. Get on the Red or Blue line, get dropped off at the front steps of the AAC, and never worry about parking. The trains are spotless and my one interaction with a DART employee was impressive: He told us the last train leaves the AAC :15 after the Stars game ends and not to miss it. I appreciated that bit in input.Tip: If you are using DART light rail for the White Rock Marathon, drive and park at the END of the line and get on the train first! They have only a few cars that early on Sunday mornings and the Red Line filled after only four stops. South of 635 no one could get on and had to figure out how to get to the AAC for the race. Maybe for race day 2009 DART could add a few cars?
<review# 2075,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2008,1/5/2009,51,19,,6,5>Let's clear up a few things about Taco Diner.  It's a great hang out spot, with good drinks and food, and it isn't too expensive.  And it caters to the Uptown crowd.The reason why this is a great restaurant is because it's the closest that Dallas gets to a beach.  The atmosphere is typically lively, the scene is good, the crowd is young and hip, and the chips and salsa are definitely free.I've been eating at Taco Diner since when they first opened, and Mico Rodriguez has hit it off right with this one.  As opposed to Mi Cocina, the sister restaurant across the street, the prices at Taco Diner are lower, whereas the food is about the same.Regarding the food, Taco Diner definitely has tasty food.  I typically go for the Asado A La Parilla (their Fajitas), which I ask them to make dry, so that it has less oil.  The chicken is tender, as is the steak, the peppers are tasty and overall, it's good food.The drinks at Taco Diner are also pretty good.  Their mango margarita and their Mambo taxi are good drinks to have, and sometimes, they do tend to be watered down, though it's more because of the person who mixed it than any policy.  Their salsas are quite good - they have the green and the red.  If you ask em, they'll bring you the orange and the light green one.  The light green one can burn a hole in your tongue so watch out.As I observe it, if you're young and progressive, you're going to find Taco Diner a great dinner spot to hang out, and eat at the same time.  You're going to find the staff friendly, and the crowd great.  However if you're from the suburbs and expect the sort of service that you'd get at Nick's, or at Pappa's steak house, or even at Mi Cocina, then you're not going to get it because ... Taco Diner is as close as Dallas gets to having a beach.
<review# 2076,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,1/4/2009,134,313,7,4,6>Hmmm, I can't believe I've never rated S4, what's wrong with me?  I won't go into details on my personal experiences here as I've been a million times and that would take me foreva.The place is huge,  there are nice outside seating areas with a bar, there are several rooms to go to that are small and similar to a corner gay bar, but then there are big rooms with dance floors or scantily clad dance boys.  I used to spend the majority of my time in The Rose Room, it was tiny and wonderful and a lovely little room for drag shows, but there was a huge renovation done and I guess that in retrospect the room is much larger and better for the masses.  I'm just so tired, I need to go to sleep so I'll stop rambling on here, hah.  I'm just reminiscent of my old hangout, I guess.  Anyhow, you can play pool, you can go to a show, dance, just sit and chat, be inside, outside, watch nearly naked hot boys dancing, it's a great place.  Go there.My only issue is the lines.  I hate that clubs are all ages, and I hate that 21 and up pays for entry when the drinks are so high dollar.  I think that the kids under 21 should pay entry and us oldies should waltz in.  I am crossing my fingers that an owner reads this review and does what I suggested.
<review# 2077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2008,1/3/2009,13,9,8,5,5>Filled with enough sushi to feed a sumo wrestler.  Osaka has it all: seafood, sushi, sashimi, hotpot, deserts, and random dishes for you to succumb to a food coma.  People come here for the sushi/sashimi and its a good bang for your buck in my humble opinion.  Type of sushi sashimi include dragon rolls, eel, spicy tuna, albacore tuna (my fav), salmon, chef's special (leftovers :P), yellowtail.  Oh of course the ultra conservative california and philly rolls to the unadventurous whimps/sashimi virgins!There's a noodle bar/mongrolian grill style if sushi doesn't fancy you. The back row has random dishes like casseroles, crap legs, lamb, steam egg, shrimp dishes, etc.  On on of the sides is a salad section with items like edame, regular salad, seaweed, tofu salad, and other things.On the side is the glorious sweet tooth desert section with creme brulee (sorry french tilde/accent not in correct spots), oreo pie, pecan pie, chocolate strawberries, other pies and cakes.  Another option you can get are the ice creams like mango or green tea or red bean.  If this still isn't enough you can ask for a hotpot, and grab stuff from the raw food section and cook it.After going for awhile, we figured out the sushi trucks appear to come on Tuesday and Friday, so those are the best days imho for the freshest stuff.  People may say that the quality may be going down, but I believe you are paying for quantity.  Eating similarly at any other sushi place would cost more than the lunch or dinner prices here, so that's why I think if you want sushi in quantity, you should come here.Also, Be sure to wear loose fitting pants, starve yourself for a meal, and go pig out because its a buffet!  And for the pranksters, try to convince ppl that the pile of green wasabi is ice cream, it works more than u think (especially on your boss)!
<review# 2078,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2008,1/2/2009,199,332,9,8,8>I went here one night with my girlfriend and her Austin visitors to check out the Velvet Kittens burlesque show. Honestly, I didn't know what to make of a Dutch pub but I was pleasantly surprised by the great selection of beers and the wide array of tasty food on the menu.Of course, I couldn't shy away from the interesting martinis and they did not disappoint. Multiple flavors, large sizes, good price and a friendly wait staff eager to keep bringing them to the table. In fact our server was so gracious, that she apologized when a nearby table started smoking and being obnoxious.Overall, this place turned out to have a much more welcome vibe than I expected on first blush. It has a lot of room, with a wide-open floor on the bottom and nice catwalks up top. The walls are adorned with a variety of Dutch arts and local favorites. A free burlesque shows certainly makes it worth you while as well.Of course, beware the 21 year-old who think that they are stars of The Hills. We got stuck next to a birthday party of the most inane, self-absorbed lot. Birthday girl thought she should try and outshine the show since she was wearing a boa. Stick to rocking the local Sonic, LC! A Velvet Kitten you are not!
<review# 2079,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2008,1/1/2009,255,323,10,12,12>Yay, my tacos didn't suck!   I had brisket tacos with gravy, one in a flour tortilla, and one in a corn tortilla.  They were fantastic!  Very juicy and flavorful.Service was quick and impressive.  The only problem I had was the waiter forgot my little bowl of cilantro, however he remembered about halfway through and asked if I still wanted it (I didn't need it, they were perfect as is).The salsa had a good kick to it and played well  when mixed with the tangy goodness of the brisket and gravy.  I topped off lunch with three icy cold Modelo's.  Very nice.The only thing better than a great lunch like that is sharing it with seven beautiful women.  Thanks for not making this UYE another sausage fest, slacking male Yelpers!
<review# 2080,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2008,12/31/2008,12,20,1,7,6>I love this place. Sure it's a hole in the wall but it is so worth it! Trust me! Don't be fooled by the location. I know it's near that creepy Best Buy Liquors off Mockingbird but it's definitely worth the trip.The food is delicious and the prices are pretty amazing. The couple who run this joint are extremely welcoming and super attentive.My favorite menu item? Probably the pineapple vegetable curry dish... ahh, it's so delicious and you'll always have leftovers.Save room for the coconut rice dessert. It's super cheap and so worth it.
<review# 2081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,12/30/2008,48,87,12,13,8>I can't believe that I've driven past this chicken shack for all these years. I'm truly mad at myself. Lesson learned: Never judge food by the facility it's made in.First thing I noticed was that they had two drive thru lanes and two menu boards. On the first menu board the prices were cut out of the plastic. Cute. Backed out of that lane and went to the other lane on the other side of the building. All the prices were written in pencil on this menu board. Cuter.So I decided on the 'regular', which is 3 pieces of chicken. Leg, thigh, and a wing($4). Had potato salad($1.50/pint) and a waffle($1.50) added to the order.The chicken came lightly breaded but crunchy batter. The batter was seasoned with a blend of spices that was sprinkled on everything, including my potato salad, two slices of white bread, pickles and jalapeño pepper. The chicken itself was absolutely wonderful. Not too heavily seasoned, not under seasoned. The heat from the chicken sitting on the bread lightly toasted it, instead of making it soggy. This let's me know the chicken wasn't too greasy.The potato salad was made with mustard and very cold. Just the way I like it. The Belgian waffle was big, probably 12 inches in diameter, and came in it's own bag, I could only eat half. I bit it before adding any syrup and it was sweet, soft and warm.There was a sign pointing outside for customers that stated "Starting 4-11-08 all orders paid in advance". Undoubtedly you could order today and pay on pay day. Payday chicken loans. The building was shrouded in security bars welded to the structure. I'm coming to the conclusion that good chicken is made in places where rusty security bars are necessary.P.S. This is a cash only establishment.
<review# 2082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2008,12/29/2008,2046,587,10,11,11>Please step UP to this buffet! It looks a little shady from the outside but if you've got a hankerin' for some good old fashioned Chinese food this is definitely your place. And for $6.99 (week day lunch price) all you can eat - that leaves me more money to spend at Target next door.It's very very clean inside, spacious, very well lit and the foods are actually kept at safe temperatures. The peel and eat shrimp was COLD and the teriyaki chicken was HOT....that's always a good sign.  They usually have a good variety of chicken, beef, pork and fish entrees; as well as soups, salad, sushi, sauces and side items. And the desserts -- very nice variety. Puddings, mousses, jello, cookies and soft serve ice cream...with 2 kinds of sprinkles!If you work in the Addison area this place is a must. My boss visits every week, if not 2 or 3 times. Tell him hello for me if you see him.
<review# 2083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2008,12/28/2008,25,30,8,12,9>I thought it appropriate to make my first Yelp review my favorite place in Dallas. As a wine lover, that is Bodega's main draw, but without the amazing atmosphere and variety of wines at a range of prices I would prefer to sit at home and drink the wine of my choice.. Being able to select a wine from the Chateau Wine Market and take it into the bar is what really gets me.. not to mention that the owner, Ameir, is extraordinarily knowledgeable and passionate about wine. Tell him what you like as far as flavor and price, and he will give you a suggestion you will love! He just opened a great restaurant upstairs so lately he spends slightly less time in the Wine Market, but the rest of the staff is equally pleasant. In fact, many of them have worked there or for the family for an insane amount of time. To me that spells good people!! Besides the wine and staff, another thing that makes Bodega so great is the awesome atmosphere.. It feels like a dark castle sort of.. its not "too dark" however.. there is not a thing I would change about the seating, lighting or decor.. very cozy couches to curl up in. All of it equates to a rather luxurious feel, without being forced to spend a ton, as wines start as low as $20ish/ bottle. If you get on the email list, you will get access to the numerous wine tasting events that Ameir has.. I've been to one and although it was not my proudest moment in regard to NOT blacking out, it was rather enjoyable. I would make the suggestion, however, that you do not go on an empty stomach, as it may result in the owner and staff seeing you in a rather embarrassing state.. As for me, they are really cool there.. and after a couple weeks of dodging the place.. it was like it never happened. As I said.. good people. Another point of pleasure for me is knowing that shady people are not the norm in terms of patrons.. Going out in Dallas, you can expect to run into lots of people that you'd rather shy away from, but at Bodega its more of a laid back, yet slightly higher quality crowd. I get the vibe that most people there are coming to enjoy wine, friends, and perhaps one of their amazing cheese platters (as opposed to trying to look cool, get obliterated, and find someone to hook up with). So if you are looking for a fun place to hang with friends without having to deal with overcrowding, poor service, or lack of wine selection Bodega is amazing!
<review# 2084,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2008,12/27/2008,228,176,10,11,12>I've been put out by the Hero, Subway just don't cut it and last night when I was allowed to be a +1 at the Yelp Elite Event with Leigh P.  I got hooked, bad.  If Campania is pizza crack, then this has to be sandwich crack.  I was craving it so bad at lunch I googled it.  It was too far to drive without having to scarf it in the car so I had a sub-par sandwich.  Driving home I thought I'd go to the store and find something to cook to eat, and I remembered it was around the corner and I was getting it!  I drove the block twice before I found it...These sandwiches are fresh.  The bread tastes like Mrs Baird herself is in the back baking bread.  They get the meat out of the counter and slice it right up and put it on the sandwich.  And it's hella affordable.  You got two size choices whole and half want a whole it's $7 want a half it's $4.  I guess in the grand scheme of things the whole is the better deal, but I knew if I got the whole I wouldn't be able to hold my head up to write this!   I got mine with the regular dressing minus onions.  The regular dressing consists of salt, pepper, vinegar & oil, and that's about the time I started drooling, but I'm pretty sure there was some magic sprinkled on there.  I'm hooked.  Mr Goodcents, change your name make it Mr GREATcents!!
<review# 2085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2008,12/26/2008,186,191,1,12,8>Don't be fooled by the modest outside digs of this hidden gem in old town Lewisville. Our server, Sarrina, has been there for almost a decade and stands behind every plate there. She is extremely friendly and goes out of her way. I find that very refreshing in today's world where good customer service and just being civil seems hopeless.The Potato Chip Chicken served with French Onion Sauce is 'Almost Legendary'...it says that on the menu and it is true to its word! The tomato squash soup was so incredible that I was sad when it I reached the bottom of the cup. The mashed potatoes with brown gravy are homemade...enough said. Tierney's has pies to order too. The blueberry is stellar!The specials change weekly so there is always something new to try. The restaurant is open for breakfast, lunch, dinner AND the bar is open until 2am everyday of the week. That is quite spectacular in my eyes.
<review# 2086,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2008,12/25/2008,18,149,2,3,2>Great sushi in The Colony? I know, it sounds strange, but it's true. And I'm not the only Jap who thinks so. Before going veg I tried several different rolls, I think my favorite was the Japango Roll. The place is small, usually pretty quiet and the prices are reasonable. The staff is friendly and they can help explain the menu which helps when you feel adventurous. It's a great place to go when you don't want to leave town and they offer call ahead ordering and take-out. Now that I've gone veg my selection around town has declined but this place still offers plenty of choices.
<review# 2087,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2008,12/24/2008,23,41,3,7,4>I am Latina and, of course, I grew up eating Mexican food. So believe me when I say that Frida's is the real deal. It's not Tex-Mex; it's real Mexican cuisine. And it's fantastic!!The guacamole is awesome! Other appetizers I've tried are the sopes and the taquitos. Mexican taquitos, not Tex-Mex ones. Delicious!! All of their appetizers are reasonably priced around $5 - $10 or so. Their dinner selections are varied... enchiladas, tacos, seafood, chicken, etc... The sabana pollo is my favorite. I have also tried the seafood-filled pepper and the fish tacos. Amazing!! The dinners are priced around $9 - $18 or so. If you have room, try their desserts. The chocolate cake does not disappoint! Their iced tea is flavored with papaya and... something else, I'm not quite sure. But it's bright and refreshing. I went to brunch there on a Sunday morning and it was a whole new menu... that's another review in itself!For me, the best part was their salsa. It is so fresh and flavorful that I ate it with a spoon.  The service there is impeccable. Their waiters and waitresses are great. I just love this place. It's my new favorite restaurant! Love it!!
<review# 2088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2008,12/23/2008,60,212,6,8,8>Okay, so I've lived in Dallas for four years and I've known about Snuffers from friends and have avoided it at all costs because...well, I ATTEMPT to be a healthy eater.  However, yesterday was an exception.  I needed something meaty, something cheesy and something DEEP FRIED.  Queue Snuffers on Lower Greenville.  They have a pretty straight forward cheeseburger menu (and you can substitute a regular burger patty either for a turkey or veggie patty if you're so inclined).  I ordered the regular cheeseburger (turkey patty sub.) with a glass of iced tea and an order of onion fries.  O. M. G.  I've never loved an onion more than I loved it at Snuffers.  AND, if you can believe this, they tasted even better later that evening (after being in the fridge!).  When the burger arrived, I couldn't believe this: the cheese was so melty and goey, it was literally dripping of the bugers as I was holding it.  If you're one of those people (like me) who can't eat a gigantic burger all in one sitting, take a friend, grab a burger and some onion fries and share.  You'll thank me later.So, if you're hankerin' for a ooey, gooey burger, look no further than Snuffers!
<review# 2089,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2008,12/22/2008,105,93,5,8,6>This place will always have a place in my heart. The people here are extremely nice. They are always excited to educate people about Asian art and I even had a representative from the Crow Collection come speak to my organization about Asian art. About a week later I organized a group tour for my organization to visit and they were so accommodating. From giving us a personal tour guide to telling us exactly where to park. Like other Yelpers said, it's FREE. It's not a big museum but it has a lot of fascinating art. If you like volunteering, this is the best place for it! You get to help out and attend these events that usually only JADE members can attend or they cost money. Everything is very well organized and all the events are really COOL! So give them a holler!
<review# 2090,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2008,12/21/2008,462,279,14,15,15>I've been coming to Cosmo's for years and didn't even know it.  That just proves that Lakewood hasn't always been cool.  Once upon a time, Lakewood was the forest behind the mist, elusive and a little scary.  I guess the fact that I was always drunk by the time I got to Cosmo's didn't help either.Cosmo's is that place that you bar hop all over Dallas trying to find.  It's warm and fuzzy with zero pretentious snottery.  There's always an old movie playing behind the bar, which is both a conversation starter and doldrums preventer rolled into one.  Every bar needs a fireplace and Cosmo's fireplace adds an extra layer of ambiance.  Plus, it keeps your ass warm while your booze is hard at work keeping your belly warm.  The jukebox has an impressive mix of music and I highly recommend feeding it a buck or two.This is where you come when hanging at home sounds too boring, but you want something that still feels like home.  Bring your friends, order a mouthwatering pizza and snuggle up on a couch.  It doesn't get much better than this.
<review# 2091,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2008,12/20/2008,263,343,3,8,9>This place just got better in my eyes.  Called yesterday and ordered my usual MOPS (mushrooms, onions, pepperoni and sausage) only to be told they had run out of mushrooms, but would comp me a few toppings.  I decided to cancel my order and eat cereal for dinner.  2 mins after hanging up, my phone rang and it was GAPC; they'd sent a guy to pick up mushrooms for my pizza and did I still want it?  Hell yeah I still wanted it.  Even with sending someone out to get mushrooms, it still got there in 45 mins and it was great.  Again the best toasted ravioli in the world!   GAPC is my favorite delivery pizza in Dallas.  Great management, and great service!
<review# 2092,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2008,12/19/2008,16,18,4,6,6>What is authentic Turkish cuisine? I'm not entirely sure but I was in the area with only a few chain restaurants and Ephesus to choose from. I made the right choice. It's in a strip mall but the place is nice, the staff is friendly, and the food is terrific. Since it was lunch I opted for the lamb shish sandwich and was not disappointed, very tasty. They serve bread before the meal with a tomato and oil mixture that is delicious. The entrees consist of various kebabs and other Turkish meals and priced between $10-15. The sandwiches/wraps are about $7. The best part is I ordered the baklava dessert to go and they gave it to me on the house! I'm not sure why they did, maybe I had that yelping look in my eye, but I'm not too proud to admit free baklava makes my day. Thanks Ephesus! I wish you closer to home.
<review# 2093,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2008,12/18/2008,9,41,8,9,5>O Glencoe Park, I cannot sing your praises enough. A few months ago, I moved pretty much next door to this spot, and I go there to jog (or mosey, if it's a Sunday morning...). It's so pleasant. Nothing's pleasanter. It's the pleasantest!Unless it's dark, I always see little kids and their parents out there at the play ground, and during the summer, yep, they were out until 8 and 9 in the evening. People bring their dogs out all hours of the day and night; if I had nothing but time on my hands, I would sit and watch the dogs and squirrels all day long, and there are plenty of benches and picnic tables along the edges of the park.The park also has two baseball diamonds, tennis and basketball courts, and a massive stretch of grass for any field sport you can think of. And once again, if there's light out, you can count on seeing people playing something. I've seen Frisbee golfers and groups of friends tossing a giant red ball around, youth and high school tag football teams, soccer in all its forms, from a little kid kicking a ball around to full on matches, company softball teams- you name it.  Even the Dallas Harlequins, the city's professional rugby team (read: eye candy for those with a penchant for strapping young men), practice and hold matches here. And of course, runners, joggers, and walkers populate the trail that encircles the park.The big trees on the park's perimeter are quite beautiful and provide shade to the trail through the summer and amazing foliage in the fall. At the end of the weekends, trashcans are typically over-flowing, and there's more litter than I care to see (insert crying Indian here). And it's literally right next to Central Expressway, so billboards and urbania hover over its west wall, but otherwise, it's a lovely place. So come to Glencoe Park! Right now!
<review# 2094,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2008,12/17/2008,68,94,4,4,4>I am SO glad a decent sushi restaurant moved into the East Dallas neighborhood! I am personally not a fan of Blue Fish on Greenville, so I was happy when Sushi Axiom opened up. Now I don't have to drive the 20 minutes to uptown to get some yummy rolls. I have been here twice, and both times was pleased with the sushi. Their patio is a great place to chill and watch the happenings on Henderson. My husband and I loved the Henderson Roll, which, if I remember correctly, has crab, avocado, and a bit of cream cheese, all fried up in crispy goodness. We got some "standard" rolls too, like Rainbow and Spider, as well as something with eel which was very tasty. Hubby also tried some type of seafood soup, which was not at ALL what the waiter described, but good nonetheless. It was spicy and shrimpy, and we liked it. I've also had their edamame and tempura veggies as appetizers - both are hard to mess up, and both were good. The service has been mediocre but friendly both times that I've been there.  I think some of the waiters were still figuring out exactly how to be waiters, since I went there pretty soon after it opened. Also, the bar area features a few flat screen TVs, which my husband appreciated a lot! In all, a good sushi restaurant that is easily accessible to the Lakewood/M Streets/Lower Greenville area.
<review# 2095,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2008,12/16/2008,384,355,12,14,9>WARNING: the Slip Inn is NOT for everyone! But, you can definitely expect to see a very diverse crowd at the Slip Inn which is part of its greatness! You will pull up thinking, "Damn this place is small!" And it pretty much is. "Damn, this place is next to a convenience store!" And it pretty much is. But once you get inside you will fully appreciate the awesomeness of the Slip Inn...bartenders are fairly easy to come by, drink prices are reasonable, music rocks my socks off, dance floor is bumpin...what more can you ask for?!
<review# 2096,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2008,12/15/2008,34,35,11,9,11>So wait... you mean to tell me that I've lived in the D for almost 10 years and am just now discovering this place? And by this place, I am referring to the spot where I can grab a grown folk drink, kick my feet up on the ottoman provided and get comfy in an ultra soft love seat. No, I'm not referring to my home, I'm talking about the Inwood Theater. Yes there are couches... no it's not Lidos and no there are no nudey flicks playing. I mean you may see a nipple or two... but if so, it'll be in an artsy way, I'm sure. Anywho, I must have been sheltered or out of the loop or something because I'd never even thought twice about coming here. My best guy and I went to see Noah's Arc last week and I plan to return in the near future. I'm not terribly big on movies, but I am huge on comfort, and so I'm pretty sold here.
<review# 2097,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2008,12/14/2008,226,292,3,7,5>Sometimes a big breakfast is the best way to soak up a Saturday night of debauchery. . .thankfully that's why I have the Egg & I.The Eggs Plus (two eggs your way, potatoes and an english muffin) with a side of bacon is one of the best breakfasts I've had in a while. When I want something lighter, I opt for the Egg Bytes, a three egg white omelette loaded with fresh veggies and served with a fruit salad. The M.B.A. frittata (mushrooms, bacon and asparagus) is another favorite. It's a surprisingly well put together and sophisticated dish on a menu of fairly "down home" items. . .but I'm also a sucker for the havarti cheese they put on it so I'm a bit biased.Until yesterday, however, I'd neglected the pancakes. Until a wager to a friend of mine on Saturday at around 1:30 in the morning (clearly not thinking straight) led me to believe I could take down 8 of their monster whole wheat pancakes in one sitting.These things are not a joke! The manager, who stopped by every 15 minutes or so to check my progress, guessed they weighed in around 8 oz. per pancake but I had the number a little bit higher. They're fluffy but dense in a way that continued to work for me after shoveling the first 2 pounds into my system. My buddy took home the last 1/4 of the pancakes for dinner and let me know they tasted just as good 5 hours later (impressive for any pancake!)The service can be as casual as the food so this isn't the place to go if you're pressed for time. Staff is friendly and everytime we've been in, the manager or owner have stopped by our table to make sure everything was great. If you're a big fan of breakfast and want some no-nonsense, no frills food, hit this place up.
<review# 2098,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2008,12/13/2008,236,423,7,9,9>I was taken here for a surprise birthday dinner. I loved the things that I usually love, and was a little hesitant about the things I've never tried. I am an amateur in the sushi world - I know a little but not a lot. Teppo is tiny and the ambiance is warm and quiet. I love the raw pottery decor they use. It acheives the fine balance of being very hip while still being romantic (you can actually hear each other talk!) There's a sushi bar right next to the yakitori grill, which means that your non-sushi-loving friends can still find plenty to love here. The service is great - I think this is a great date spot. As for the food, the sushi rolls were fantastic, as was the regular sushi. The steak yakitori was AWESOME. I prefer the green tea cake at Asian Mint, but it was still enjoyable. The only things we didn't like were really our own fault - things we weren't familiar with that took us aback. The shell of the soft-shell crab in the sushi rolls? Ew. Hot Sake... wow, not my thing. The full shrimp staring at me off the yakitori stick - eyeballs and all? Slightly intimidating. Like I said, that's my fault, not theirs! Four stars for Teppo - I loved it.
<review# 2099,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2008,12/12/2008,259,232,11,13,9>Is it weird that I think a restaurant is more legit when the bathroom is hidden in the back? Well, I do. So there. I also like places that are so small you can discreetly eavesdrop on every conversation in the room. Handy if you're by yourself, wanting human interaction, but not wishing to actually participate in it.This restaurant is best described as "quaint." Nothing fancy schmany about it, just the real-deal Mediterranean food served by a nice family with no frills. And cheap to boot!Being an indecisive person, I went with the "sampler platter." It could have easily fed three people, and was $10.95. Amazing, I know. And they were totally cool about substituting the cucumber salad for the tabouli. So let's see, I got some pita bread, hummus, baba ghanouj, celery, carrots, dolma, and falafel--all in fun little plates. You can get meat instead of falafel, but we were feeling all healthy-like.Everything was A-OK. Nothing blew my mind, but did you see how cheap this place is? Uh-huh. The cucumber salad was fresh and flavorful, and definitely my favorite. There was more than enough to go around. I even had enough for leftovers. But don't save the dolma, they get soggy like a muddafudda. Save room for a tiny cup of Turkish coffee, and then tip your server handsomely. They deserve it. Oh lawd, I almost forgot. THIS PLACE IS BYOB!! And they don't even charge a corkage fee. So bring a bottle of wine and party hard. But try to keep your drunken conversation low--it's guaranteed someone (me) is listening in.
<review# 2100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2008,12/11/2008,139,83,13,19,13>When I saw Jeremy M.'s review of the day about Kosta's cafe along with all of the positive things that people had to say about it, I realized that as a Dallas native, I was long overdue to give this restaurant a chance.  I suddenly realized that I had fallen into the uptown trap of actually believing that if the restaurant wasn't within half a mile of McKinney Ave, it probably wasn't worth my time.  I guess that's why Kosta's -- and anywhere north of Mockingbird -- had never before seemed like an option.  This is a lie, people!  There is life outside of downtown/uptown.  Not much, but there is some.On top of my proximity prejudice, I was disillusioned with Greek restaurants in general after my slick but unauthentic experiences at Tziziki's on Travis St. and the pushy, smug management and high prices of Nikolini's on McKinney.  Was there no hope for a starry-eyed half-Greek boy who just wanted to pay somebody to get the same thing that his mother could cook for free at her house located just walking distance from where he lives?  Well I'm here to tell you that there IS hope.  That hope is Kosta's Cafe.  It doesn't look like much from the outside -- or even the inside for that matter.  But they do their best.  The lights are low, the tables have formal place settings and the ambience is cozy.  I could tell the owner took pride in his establishment.  My fiancee and I were greeted by a friendly waiter.  Once seated, I was thrilled to find lots of NEW items I had never seen before on a Greek menu in Dallas.  First and foremost, Horiatiki salad.  This is the PROPER Greek salad that I've mentioned before.  No lettuce.  Just cucumbers, tomatoes, onions, olives, feta and olive oil dressing.  Brilliant!  Of course, there is W.A.S.P. salad as well for those of you that aren't ready to take the no-lettuce plunge.  Another surprising item on the menu was Taramosalata, which is crushed up fish eggs and hummus with lemon, oil and vinegar.  Half of the people that read that description will never try it.  The other half will rush to Kosta's to experience this interesting dish.  I am pleased to inform the latter that they will be DELIGHTED with their decision.  I've never seen taramosalata anywhere else than mom's kitchen and it was delicious.  I also had the saganaki -- complete with pyrotechnic presentation -- which was delicious.  OPA!!!!And of course, I had to try the Avgelemono soup, which was on par with mom's.We split the Athena platter, which was the perfect date portion.  Two lamb chops, two pieces of chicken souvlaki and four glazed shrimp along with marinated potatoes and green beans.  Everything was amazing -- particularly the shrimp, which normally I wouldn't even factor into my decision when judging a Greek restaurant, but the shrimp had the most delicious lemony sauce on it.  We had also ordered a twenty dollar bottle of Greek wine.  It was alright -- reminded me of taking communion at church as a kid - but it tasted about as good as the price implied.  After dinner, the waiter informed us that Kosta was treating us to a baklava dessert.  Though I had read about the generosity of the owner in several reviews, I never thought that I'd experience it first hand -- and on my first visit for that matter.  I told the waiter to tell him thanks and that I was gonna review the CRAP out of Kosta's on Yelp.  BOTTOM LINE: The food was authentic and felt home-made.  It didn't have all the slick presentation of Tziziki's, but it was more tasty -- less contrived.  The prices were on the cheaper side of reasonable, which was also a nice breath of fresh air from eating out in uptown all the time.  I HEART KOSTA'S4 and a half stars
<review# 2101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/3/2008,12/10/2008,322,339,19,17,18>Me: Tacos made with with no lard and no trans fat? Get otta here. It's myth - they don't exist, and if they do, they taste like arse.Ubiquitous Voice From Above: But they do exist, young non-believer, and they're gooooooood.We happen to crawl through The Taco Joint's front door at 12:15 the Saturday after Halloween wearing sunglasses and the aroma of last night's beer and cigarettes. We were hungover, and we needed tacos. For starters, we ordered an appetizer called "The Disaster", which is 8 oz of queso, ground beef, guacamole, and pico de gallo. It was queso nirvana. Seriously. It was cheesy, it was spicy, there was meat in it, and the guacamole added a nice consistency. If for no other reason, the Taco Joint is worth checking out for their queso. Happiness is kick-ass queso.You may want to note that The Disaster is typically only offered on the lunch menu. We just happened to get lucky that they had extra left over from a catering jig, so we got it during their breakfast hours. The breakfast tacos are made to order, so we got ours with beans, potatoes, chorizo, and cheese. At the salsa bar, with tried all three options; Salsa Roja, Jalapeño Ranch, and the green one whose name completely slipped my mind. My favorite was the Salsa Roja. The Jalapeño Ranch is palatable too, especially if you're a fan of spicy and ranchy, as this one has some kick. Happiness is a salsa bar. We also ordered the "5 Alarm", which is a big-ass burrito filled with eggs, beans, chorizo, 5 chile salsa. It was tasty too.  Also, you can get all the free refills you want at their soda machine and the staff is very nice. We chatted with Jeffery as we placed our order and he introduced us to the rest of the staff. Happiness is friendly staffers.  The inside of the Taco Joint has a counter along the window that is very accommodating to the solitary diner. This is the best place to sit and watch the neighborhood drug dealer hard at work on the sidewalk along Peak Street. There are also tables, for those who go to eat tacos in numbers and chit-chat. Happiness is free entertainment.   The Taco Joint made me a believer in the non-lard, non-trans fat taco.  When the Dali Lama said, "human happiness and human satisfaction must ultimately come from within oneself," he must have been talking with a yummy taco in his belly. Taco flavored kisses, honey. Taco taco.
<review# 2102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2008,12/9/2008,50,59,,8,2>I've been visiting Tokyo One in Addison for several years now and have yet to have a bad visit. They have a very good selection of sushi rolls and sashimi. Their salmon sashimi is always delicious with just the right amount of marbling. They also have this mixed sashimi salad which is often tossed in a creamy honey mustard dressing or cream cheese dressing as it was today.Their selection of hot foods are great especially if you like baked mussels, baked oysters, teriyaki, and tempura. Their dessert bar is pretty decent, offering a selection of fresh fruits cakes, and sometimes custards. I highly recommend the creme brulee which always has a generous crust of caramelized sugar. But if you can't find anything at the dessert bar that suits your fancy, ask for a bowl of green tea ice cream or red bean ice cream. It's fantastic also.
<review# 2103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/8/2008,130,181,2,8,6>Ladies and Gentlemen, this place is FOR REAL. I initially heard about this place in D magazine's annual "Best of Big D" issue.  They mentioned that this place has been certified by the Verace Pizza Napoletana Association (VPN).  It's a pretty prestigious thing apparently in the pizza world.  It means that they have basically been trained and certified in creating authentic Neopolitan style pizzas. These pizzas are usually cooked in a wood-fired grill and feature only the freshest plum tomatoes and real mozzarella cheese.    You know you're getting the closest thing to actually eating in Naples.  The place isn't much to look at.  It's located in a strip plaza just south of the highway (LBJ).   There are plenty of other restaurants which have just opened as well.  You walk in and you'll notice it's small. Probably seats about.. 50 people?  When we went, it was on a windy Sunday afternoon.  There were only two people dining and it was pretty quiet.  The first thing that really got my attention though, was the smell.   Because they use a real wood-fired grill that extends up through the roof, the wind was blowing some of that smoke back down into the oven and out into the restaurant.  Folks, if that sounds bad, it really wasn't.  You got to smell the fresh pizzas baking along with that smoke from the wood.  Ooooo it was actually rather delightful for me.  The guy at the cash register kept apologizing, but I told him it was great.   They have about 15 or so specialty pizzas on their menu.  You can also custom build your own pizza starting with two basic pizzas - the Margherita (sauce, cheese and basil) or the New York (sauce, cheese and oregano).   Every pizza they make it one size - personal sized.   Besides pizza, they have several starters -  numerous salads and some appetizers.  They also have several dessert pizzas.  I ordered the Diavola pizza ($9) - fresh mozzarella, bell peppers, sausage, japapeno, basil and olive oil.  Now, I have to admit, I had my doubts when I first heard that it was a "personal-sized" pizza.  I thought, somebody with my appetite is going to need at least two of those bad boys.  But it was actually pretty decent in size - about 12".  The pizza was delicious, but I think because it had so many peppers and sausages on it, that it got a little soggy kind of quickly.  Still, it was DELICIOUS.  and the bell peppers were amazing.  It wasn't too spicy at all and the crust is oh so authentically made.  My wife ordered the Bianca pizza ($9) - fresh mozzarella, thinly sliced potatoes, rosemary, parmesan, and olive oil.  This pizza is "white" meaning there isn't any tomato sauce.  It's just the crust and lots of cheese, which she loves.  The potato slices looked like potato chips, but instead of crunchy, they were soft and tender - delicious.  Have I used that word too often in this review so far?  I'm sorry, I just can't help it.  We also ordered the Bruschetta ($6) as a starter and it was great.  Seven slices of french bread (or Crostini) are grilled with tomatoes, basil, garlic and olive oil.  It was really good and oh so crispy.  They put a ton of tomatoes on there - perfect.  To end the meal, we ordered the Tiramisu, which isn't on the menu, but was available that weekend as a special.   Several minutes after ordering it, a very pleasant Italian woman came out with a huuuge slice of cake and told us she wanted to give us a big piece.  Aw, I felt like she was the Italian grandmother I never had.  All that was missing was her pinching my cheeks and telling me I needed to eat more because I was so skinny.  Lol.   This place is great.  The people are friendly, the food is delicious and the prices are reasonable.   It's laid-back and very neighborhood friendly, but their pizzas taste oh-so-upscale.  They have a frequent customer card and for every six pizzas you buy, you get one for free.  It's cheesy, but I love free stuff.  Haha.   This place is new and it needs some word of mouth, so please, if you're ever in the Irving area, GIVE IT A TRY.  I promise you won't be sorry.
<review# 2104,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2008,12/7/2008,11,27,4,7,6>Dinner and a Movie for $20 per person...and I didn't eat at Taco Bell. :-)We visited Urban Taco for dinner last night and participated in their Dinner and a Movie promotion.  As part of the promo, our table received a complimentary chip and salsa trio and churros for dessert.  Each person received a non-alcoholic beverage and either a Salad, Taco, or Torta entree, plus a coupon for a movie ticket at the Angelika.The food was good.  Yes, the tacos were small, but with three in the entree, that was plenty!  I tried the potato, poblano, and zuchini tacos and their were tasty!  With that, I received two sides. I chose black beans and the poblano green rice.  The dinner was great, atmosphere good.I'll also throw a prop in for the movie "Milk"...great job Sean Penn!
<review# 2105,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2008,12/6/2008,144,88,,5,4>I've read all the reviews of this place and I just have a few things to add. This place serves food late. Till 1am most days. That's how me and a friend found it. He came in on a late flight and we needed food. Going down Beltline we saw this weird little hole in the wall in a strip mall and were surprised that they were still serving. It's a restricted menu from the regular one I ordered the ceasar and a bowl of french onion soup.  First off, the ceasar salad  was perfect. Just the right amount of anchoviness to be called a true ceasar, it also came with grilled polenta croutons. Nothing like that little extra thing to make a standard menu item amazing.Did I mention this is Kenny Bower's place? He invented the restaurant Rockfish. But he likes to cook, you know everyday! So this is HIS place. That's why it's so good.Now to describe the French Onion Soup. FOS is often ruined when the broth is too sweet because of the sweet onions, or too salty because somebody doesn't know the right amount of salt to offset the sweet onions. And being stingy with the bread or putting the wrong bread under the cheese is just, well, the French wouldn't touch the stuff. This FOS has everything. Perfect broth, perfect bread, and enough cheese to make you very very happy if you like cheese the way I do. Gruyère I think it is. And it's big, this bowl of soup. A soup and salad are a meal. And at midnight no less. So I went back in the daytime and everything the other reviews say is true. It's huge portions, enough to take home, done with style. The popovers are unique. Check this place out. Don't be fooled by the strip mall location. This place is top of the line.
<review# 2106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,12/5/2008,193,345,8,10,8>Wow, I can't believe all the haters on this place.  Granted, I have only been once...but I loved it.  I didnt think they were trying too hard, I thought it was very well put together to have a classy but still down to earth feel. I have never been so comfortable in a restaurant dining chair in my life!  Menu is awesome, if a little pricey, but so what? This isn't Chili's.  I was disappointed to learn that the lobster pot pie was (market price) $80 -hell, I could have lobster at Nick and Sam's!Otherwise, we thought the atmosphere, service and food were great.  I had the mini grilled cheese and tomato soup to start, the minis were the cutest thing i have ever seen and tasty to boot! The soup was a bit too tomatoey (almost ketchup, maybe?) but perfect for dipping.  My dude had some sort of soup that he liked, it was called pea soup but surprisingly did NOT make me think of the exorcist.  I had shrimp and grits and it was way more than I could finish, and my dude had pork chops which looked amazing but he inhaled them before I could taste...We didnt get dessert as we had meyerson tix but definitely will check it out next time.  Either way, 4 stars for Screen Door.  PS When we went it was monsooning out, and the valet guy gave me an umbrella for the 50 foot walk to the door.  that was nice of him!
<review# 2107,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2008,12/4/2008,621,968,12,13,12>As we pulled in to the parking lot in the Bishop Arts district, I discovered we were walking behind a very large group of sexy firemen..."I hope they are going to Hatties!"  And they were.  So right away I was already giving this place one star for hot firemen in uniform to stare at while eating.  Went for lunch at Hattie's and at 11:30 it was already getting busy.  I liked the decor, black and white, and it reminded me of a really fancy Southern Grandma's house because of the old tile on the floors and the big buffet in the corner that held all these dishes and glasses.  Perfect place to eat fancified Southern food.  I ordered the BLT which was made with applewood smoked bacon and the T was a fried green tomato.  YUMMY!  You get to choose between fries, sweet potato fries, onion rings, or a salad.  I got the salad...haha whatever! I am not coming to a Southern restaurant to get freakin salad...I got the sweet potato fries.  These are excellent..they had a lot of what seemed like sea salt on them and they were more thin cut which I like.  We also got some mac and cheese to try on the side.  WOW that was some DAMN FINE mac and cheese with a crunchy top and four cheddar cheeses within.  But it also had chives within, which I do not like, so I had to pick them out.  But still, a must try.  Unfortunately I didn't get to sample anything from the bar since this was a lunch in the middle of the work day, but they do have one right up front when you walk in.  Overall I really liked this place.  I want to come back for dinner and try the catfish or the meatloaf or the fried chicken or anything else.
<review# 2108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2008,12/3/2008,227,57,5,7,7>Alo, which is owned by the same patrons of La Duni, is a fantastic Mexican and Peruvian restaurant with a modern, zen atmosphere. The bar is posh with elegant seating and the dining area has a backdrop made of stones and shells. I've had brunch and dinner on separate occasions at Alo and both experiences did not dissapoint me. One of my favorite dishes is the chaufa chino latino rice that comes served in a banana leaf with plantains and the Arrachera prime skirt steak asada. Alo also has a great selection of desserts and coffee concoctions. This is an ideal place for a first date, business dinner, birthday celebration or just good ole' quality time with friends and family.
<review# 2109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2008,12/2/2008,443,598,6,13,7>Yun Tan Gil, I think the literal translation is "Briquette Road". They have actual briquettes at your table so you can cook up the food.Supposedly, this is the closest resemblance of a "Sam Gyup Sal House" in Dallas. "Sam Gyup Sal" is unsmoked/unsalted bacon. This is a Korean's favorite dish and usually drinking ensues before, during, and/or after this(at least in my book).It's about $10 for one order of this and you get the meat that you cook at the table, side dishes, lettuce, a bowl of fermented soy bean paste soup (it sounds bad, but it's delicious) and rice upon request. The alky is of course extra.Once you have the meat cooked you get a piece of lettuce in the palm of your hand and dip the meat in one or both of the sauces that it comes with and get a little bit of each of the side dishes in your lettuce. Fold it up and stuff it in your mouth! Since ordering and service here is Korean style, you may have to yell out  "yuh gi yo!" to get their attention. It just means "over here."Oh, if you're not a fan of the Sam Gyup Sal there's always Korean Galbi and other bbq dishes.
<review# 2110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2008,12/1/2008,89,87,9,9,8>Another stop on the breakfast tour of Dallas, the b-club went here for brunch at 9 this morning. We sat on the patio. They didn't open the shutters and turn on the fans until we were enjoying post-meal coffee, which was a bummer. Everything else, however, was not. A fifteen dollar carafe of orange juice. Youch. It was worth it, though. All else was very reasonably priced (under $10). Keep in mind this is brunch, though. I can't vouch for lunch/dinner.I ordered the huevos finos, which is their take on eggs benny, (a breakfast club staple of mine) substituting one of their popovers for the muffin and served with these amazing breakfast potatoes. It was very enjoyable, although the egg was cooked a bit more than I like. I want it about to say "bok" and walk away to peck at the grass. Hey, that's just me.The boys ordered Rollos de Canela French Toast (a pecan cinnamon roll) and Migas. The french toast came with two strips of bacon, strawberry butter, pecan maple syrup and fresh bananas and strawberries. It was like an elaborate dessert for breakfast. My diabetes hurt just looking at it. The migas came with the aforementioned potatoes and some yummy green and red salsa. The service was a bit spotty, although everyone who helped us was very friendly. Could've been more expeditious with the coffee refills.All in all, I'd definitely come back for brunch. There's too much on the menu we wanted to try. Lovely bonus: their "brunch" starts at 9. We're early risers and tired of the noon brunch places.
<review# 2111,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2008,11/30/2008,281,210,5,9,8>All Time Favorite Things:1. Firesides2. PiesClearly, this place is a winner. After a strenuous day of smiling sweetly at work, I felt a hunger inside... for a drink! I just wanted to kick up my feet, relax, and enjoy some fine vegetarian fare. Fireside Pies is magic. The chef is a magician. The PETA pizza is the most amazing pizza I've had since I became a vegetarian. Vegetables baked into the crust and the cool field green salad rested gently on top = magic. The decor is cozy and the white sangria is to die for. I was tipsy from sip numero uno and the refreshing nature of the beverage helped me forget my tiring day. Also, I was able to sit right away- at 6 pm on a Friday night. Granted, I was sitting outside in 100 degree heat next to the cozy fire... BUT there were high powered fans that made the heat bearable. That, AND the tasty treat that is white sangria!Definitely check it out. I love this place and can't wait to kick it old school some time soon.
<review# 2112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2008,11/27/2008,18,56,2,5,3>This place is good.  In fact, I really like it.  I will agree w/ some of what has been said.  The bar is the weakest point.  Getting past that, the food is very consistent and rarely disappoints.  There are a couple of little-knowns about Strong's.  First, the guy that opened the place up is the same guy that started Chili's.  I'm not talking about that wannabe Friday's that occupies half the corners of Frisco, Southlake and Keller.  No, I'm talking about the Greenville Ave, Old Timer w/ chz, schlock, and 1 page yellow menu restaurant it was before it lost its soul to Norman Brinker.This means the burgers should be good... and they are.  Don't get carried away.  Just order a simple cheeseburger and you'll be satisfied.  The french fries are of the slim, crispy variety and they are quite pleasing.  Just don't get lost in the menu.  It is a tavern.  Order what you should order at a tavern and you'll be well served.The second tidbit is that very few people know about their pies.  They are freakin' crazy good.  They are so stunningly good that it will take you off guard.  Normally, you fight through a chocolate pie and all its slimyness, because, well, its chocolate.  This is different.  Order a piece of pie and prepare for some chocolate love.  You will not find a better chocolate pie... anywhere.  I realize how ridiculous that sounds.  Just go, order and thank me.  Every pie is made homemade and they always sell out.  My wife says the coconut cream is every bit as good as the chocolate pie.  I will drive over there just to eat the pie.  Just don't tell anyone.
<review# 2113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/26/2008,11/26/2008,12,9,1,7,6>Maple Point is one of my favorite bars. I almost don't want to yelp about because I want it to remain a secret. It is a breath of fresh air from the uptown scene. It's not pretentious in any way, and you can always count on the same friendly staff.While the pitchers of beer and their seemingly always blue special shots are nice, the real draw is the karaoke. Unlike Uptown Bar and Grill, the karaoke lines are usually short and you can always find a seat. Everyone embraces bad singing, and you can truly pretend to be a super star. We go here once a month and we also bring guests. Everyone loves it! It's anything but the typical Dallas scene.
<review# 2114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2008,11/25/2008,34,83,8,10,8>I've decided that I'll review each restaurant in the Shops at Legacy. I am about to end my nearly three years of living and working here, and will certainly miss living near so many good restaurants. I will not miss spending so much at said restaurants, though!Ok - Nicola's. I love this place. My coworkers and I go here for happy hour every now and then. It's also been a good place for work lunches/dinners. Had  my birthday party here this year too. The atmosphere is good - big open space and a variety of seating areas. I love the very secluded feeling booths on a date. The outdoor seating is awesome during the four or five weeks a year that the weather is not too hot or too cold here in DFW.The best thing to eat here is the margarita pizza. I spent about a month in Italy last year eating margarita pizza on a nearly daily basis, and this is the closest I have found in DFW to what the pizza actually tasted like in Italy. Nicola's meets my basic requirement in approving of a restaurant - more than two things on the menu for vegetarians, and actual interesting entrees that don't feature meat or fish. The best is a pumpkin ravioli they serve when pumpkin is in season. This is an insanely good dish - so tasty and different.Service at Nicola's is fantastic. The bartenders are friendly (v. important) and I notice that the staff turnover isn't so bad. I've never had bad service here, and I've eaten here dozens and dozens of times.Oh - and they  have really great happy hour snack specials. Good alternative to Fox Sports Grill for happy hour if you live and/or work in the Shops at Legacy area.
<review# 2115,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/12/2008,11/24/2008,308,111,6,9,10>Best. Tots. Ever.I went there a couple weeks ago to watch a Cowboys game and got the big, enormous chili dog they had on special. It was awesome, but to go with it, I just asked for a side of tots. See, I get really excited when those are on the menu. Dude! They brought out a big ol' huge basket of 'em right outta the fryer and they were like God's Tots. I'll capitalize them. Crunchy, moist inside, great flavor from grease that's probably 20 years old. This is now my Tot destination. Nickie! I hate that you had to demote them from your original Four Stars.Went there a little more recently--got there on Thursday right at 5pm when they open up. A friend and I went there specifically for $1 taco night. The bartender was really friendly and genuine, talked to us, gave phenomenal service, wasn't overly intrusive. Turns out he's one of the two owners. We liked him a lot, and the tacos were AWESOME! Very simple--tortilla (your choice of fried or soft) and a mixture of ground beef and spices. I ate two baskets of Tots with them. (hangs head in shame).Barkeep showed us the best seats in the house for ball games. I dig this place. So, now--Mondays at Barcadia (1/2 price food night), Tuesdays at Gloria's ($3 mojitos), Wednesdays at The Landing (uh, the burger), Thursdays at Pour House, and Friday/Saturday of course are wild cards. Sunday afternoons at either Ginger Man or Old Monk type place.Yeah!
<review# 2116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2008,11/23/2008,126,176,19,10,10>The Porch has made me a new person.  Allow the sermon to begin:I love food, but I've never found a string of dishes that actually made me want to fornicate with them (as in food on the receiving end, for you mental-picture-impaired patrons).  I could barely keep my clothes on during our 2 hours at The Porch, which was unfortunate as our party of 14 included adults.  I mean mature adults. The Mac & Cheese dethroned Kenny's.  I mean it.  I know, I didn't think it was possible too, but one bite and you'll want to make sweet, cheesy love to it too.Of course the brisket sliders, fries, fish n chips, and chicken parm all lived up to their name.  But last night we were lucky enough to have access to the Blackened Swordfish special, complete with blue crab noodles.  My bra magically unclasped itself.Dessert?  I counted my Fraise Tart as dessert.  A strawberry-infused concoction of deliciousness that had me as buzzed as a Zeta Tau Alpha at a Pi Kappa Alpha mixer.  Oh yeah.  I went there.I loved the eclectic music, the simple "tavern" decor "or lack-thereof, the casualness of it all despite the food I would have bathed in just to get it closer to me.  I even loved the crowd, with pretty people who looked like they had a little class.  I,  Sarah, have actually fallen in love with a real "Dallas" establishment.For the first time in my life, I didn't care that I was paying $18 for fish and chips.I feel dirty.  You prolly do to after all the innuendos.
<review# 2117,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2008,11/22/2008,160,42,,4,5>If you like breakfast, lunch and dinner Breadwinners has awesome food for the price. I have been going here for years. This is the place to be and spend your money. It is worth it! Great portions at reasonable prices. I got the Raspberry Chipotle Chicken Sandwich. It's to die for. Awesome sandwich for lunch. Great place for lunch with friends, visitors and family.The breakfast portions are huge. I had the Eggs Benedict for breakfast and they have many varieties with eggs. They have pancakes, waffles, desserts and a variety of coffees. Sundays are the best time to go right after church for breakfast. You will not be disappointed. They give out some samples of pastries and desserts before you sit down and order. You won't want to miss that. It's so good! And you will be begging for more samples. Yummy!  The place is always clean.You could park in the back, in front of the building or on the street. Valet is also available across the street from the front of the building as well.I highly recommend this bakery and cafe to groups and visitors. Well, worth the money. Get there early on Sunday or you will be hanging outside in the cold during the fall and winter seasons. But, the staff ask you if you want coffee. If you want more they have coffee outside on the front patio while you wait to be seated and sometimes samples of there pastries and desserts too. The McKinney location on Sundays gets crowded and this is where you want to be seen!
<review# 2118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,11/21/2008,213,499,,8,4>This place is a great little seafood dive.  I love it because it's so convenient--I can even walk up, order at the side window, and eat on the patio if I'm out walking my dog and am suddenly struck with an urge for catfish and hush puppies.The fried fish is great, as are the tartar and cocktail sauce accompaniments.  To counteract the batter, order grilled veggies (squash and zucchini) with your order--made fresh, like everything else.  The fries are also a good bet, as are the hush puppies (careful when you order a side of them, because they give you a whole basket of delicious hush puppy fingers!)  Another tasty item is the mexican shrimp cocktail.  It's always very fresh, and great on a hot day.  You can even tell them how spicy to make it.They have grilled fish as well, but I haven't yet been able to resist the fried stuff so I'll have to get back to you on that one...
<review# 2119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,11/20/2008,169,220,,7,4>Such a cool place and concept. I was aimlessly driving around with a friend one night in search of sweets. Sprinkles had already closed and nothing else sounded very appetizing. We ended up at Chocolate Secrets.The two women behind the counter were so kind and helpful in explaining all of the different kinds of chocolates they have to offer. Half of their selections are French and the other half are American chocolates that are made in house. The woman who was helping us offered us samples of quite a few of the chocolates as well.We mainly stuck with their French offerings and we were rewarded - they were beautiful wrapped for us (even though we insisted we didn't need it!) and, well, just WOW. I've never had chocolate that good. I'm not even a dark chocolate fan, but every piece was better than the one before. Part of me felt like a snob spending $16 on five pieces of chocolate, but until you've had it for yourself, you won't understand.As others have said, the interior of the place is beautiful. It would be a great place to take a date and do a bit of chocolate sampling with a bottle of wine.
<review# 2120,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2008,11/19/2008,213,158,5,14,7>If you're anything like me..it takes something really special to fight through my laziness and truly get me motivated to work out....even though I yearn for the desire, I just dont have it. A couple times in my life I have found something that got me up and out and in shape...but they were short lived. I think that I have found the thing that I'm going to love and crave and truly use to get myself in shape...and I am PSYCHED about it!Let me share :)Spinning. Scary right? Yeah, i know...you've heard about it...seen it on TV...maybe even sucked it up and went to a class...its no laughing matter...this is one work out that delivers what it promises - sweat soaked clothes, jelly legs and an ass bone that is sore for days. What could possibly make you crave this sort of a abuse? For me, its feeling at home where i am (total non-threatening atmosphere), not feeling pressured or on display....and the icing on the cake....NO MEMBERSHIP OR CONTRACT! And my dear people, I have found it.Spin4Life Studios is located at Worthington & Mckinney Ave. Go east on worthington and its right there on the left. "but I dont remember there being a gym over there" you are probably telling yourself....thats because it isnt a big, cold, scary gym....It's a cozy little yellow house that at a first glance you might think is one of the local, charming clothing or coffee houses. It isnt until you look a little closer into the front windows when you see the 20 spinning bikes, weight area, cozy curtains and big screen TV. You park and enter in the back....and when you walk in you are immediately comfortable. You enter the lounge, where there are big white couches, a HUGE flat screen on the wall tuned into fun stuff...all decorated in warm cozy colors and draped with huge curtains. By the time you have soaked all this in you have probably been greeted by fellow spinners waiting or the next class, or by the staff that is your instant buddy (and not the oogey "YOUR MY BFF" nice, the "Hey you...how are you doing this fiiiiine monday" friendly). They have two HUGE bathrooms, one with a shower if you are gonna go out and about on McKinney Ave after class....and two dressing rooms if you happen to be coming straight from work.The classes last almost in hour....that included stretching before and after, the warm up, cool down, and 30 minutes of pure hell (i mean that in a motivating way, promise). The spinning room is very non-threatening...contains 20 bikes (give or take a few), mirrors,more big curtains, life-saving  oscillating fans at every turn, another HUGE flat screen if you need distraction, a small weight area and the PA system for the instructor. Its small. The lights are dim. And you can people watch out the windows. The instructors are awesome...they push you and make you want to go faster, but also know everyone has their own pace. A perfect combination for pushing us to success. I wont lie, you curse their existence for about 20 minutes and find yourself plotting their demise, or planning out how to cut their brake lines...but then you hit the cool down, the stretch, and they truly motivating words of acccomplishment from those torture seekers, and it makes you feel a lot better.No Memberships. No contracts. $7 a session. THATS IT! You can buy up to 20 sessions at once if you like and get a few sessions free (they give you a punch card to keep up with it). Its the most brilliant way to get people to come back..on their own desire, not because they signed a contract that they will most likely never get out of and just waste $38 every month.Go. Take a Friend. You'll thank me.
<review# 2121,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/5/2008,11/17/2008,725,843,7,11,8>Laissey Le Bon Temps Rouler!  Well not quite, but it's very close.  Crustaceans is owned and operated by displaced New Orleans chef Chef Ronald "R.J." Honoré and his wife, Judy.  The food is as authentic as the atmosphere.  But as they say in Louisiana "hard times make a monkey eat pepper."  And I did.  Cajun and Creole cooking originated from the idea that you cooked what you had.  Dishes with beans, okra, sausage and seafood topped the menu.  I actually did have the pepper, which was pretty amazing.  It was filled with a stuffing of crab, shrimp and crawfish.  It has a silky, almost creamy texture but didn't overwhelm the taste of the pepper. (Wow...this almost sounds like a real review.).  The dish comes with choice of chicken or pork chop.  I chose the spicy pork chop on the recommendation of Judy.  It was good...but not as good as Chris' chicken sounded! You'd be cooyon not to try the New Orleans Bread Pudding.  Warm and covered with a cream sauce I could only get about three bites before I was ready to pop.  Trust me, you won't leave hungry.My only complaints were that my tea glass got empty and I had to resist making the "more tea" sound.  I didn't think Chris was ready for that side of deno--the slurping, plate licking, happy noise making rendition.  And they need biegnets and chicory coffee.
<review# 2122,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2008,11/16/2008,92,346,6,5,6>So, I have a confession make.  I seem to have inherited my aunt's distaste for restaurants where you order standing up.  ...On second thought, she married into the family.  Ah, yet another piece of evidence that I'm adopted.Anyway, I asked my boyfriend to pick up some dinner from Fadi's after reading reviews of it on Yelp.  (He's a good sport.)  When he arrived with the take-out bag, his face was absolutely glowing.  The first thing he said was, "We HAVE to go back there.  This smells SO good, and the people there are SO nice!"He decided on the sampler plate and some falafel.  The food was really good.  There was some chicken dish (part of the sampler plate? but in a separate box) that I absolutely went nuts over.  It was in some orange sauce -- not spicy, but some amazing seasoning.  (Gordon Ramsay would spew a string of expletives long enough to circumnavigate the globe if I ever did one of those blindfolded taste-tests on Hell's Kitchen.)  Anyway, the bf couldn't remember the name of the dish.  Drat.We weren't blown away by the hummus, baba ghanoush, or cous-cous (the latter was particularly plain).  The hummus and baba ghanoush were good, but only to an expectable level, not an oh-my-god-I've-never-had-hummus-this-amazing level.  The falafel was similar...decent, but not stunning, and the sauce that came with it didn't taste like anything!!Loved the green beans and the okra and the tasty hash-brown-style potatoes.  Loved the Greek-style salads (one with lettuce, one with just cucumbers and tomatoes and stuff).I wish I had been able to try the pita when it was warm.  It was definitely light and fluffy...I bet it would be amazing warm!!Four stars for...1) GREAT prices (especially considering the huge quantity of food you get -- one sampler plate plus falafel was more than enough for the two of us, and we are by no means anorexics around here)2) that AMAZING chicken dish (and yeah yeah, an assortment of decent other dishes...but man, the chicken!!!)A nice take-out option, for sure!  Maybe I'll eat in next time....
<review# 2123,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2008,11/15/2008,30,78,3,4,5>I had heard that there were fun karaoke places in K-town that opened until 5am. Since I've been karaoke-ing since the womb, i knew that I wanted to visit Zeller Zone.I came here with three other friends on a Saturday night around 10pm. There were a few cars and rooms occupied, but it wasn't bumpin' yet. The room we got was awesome - huge with 3 leather couches. The tamborine definitely got me excited!!The machine is kind of hard to navigate at first because it's in Korean. Check out the song books first to identify songs you want (and they have EVERYTHING - English, korean, j-pop, etc) and get going! There are two microphones so duets are totally allowed. Tip: it is really hard to karaoke rap. Do not attempt unless you are READY.The only downfall is that the drinks were kind of expensive. I know they had a bucket of beers, sake, and wine, but i'm not sure they had a full bar. However, the guy who was working was very personable and you could've gone up to the bar to inquire. The snacks are also a little pricey, but tasty.This is a great place if you have a small - medium sized group and you want to karaoke your booty off. The service is good, the space is comfy and clean, and the variety of songs are unparalleled.MEGA TIP: I first tried to come here with a group of co-workers after work (around 7pm), and it wasn't open! There are no hours posted, but the place doesn't really open until around 8 or 9pm, and that is not a hard and fast rule. I believe this is the case with most of the karaoke places in the area.
<review# 2124,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,11/14/2008,68,80,4,9,6>As you walk through the double glass doors, you'll inhale the warm and sensuous aroma of cinnamon, ginger and cumin.  The staff will have you seated in no time, provided there isn't a wait, and you'll be on your way to a sort of heaven for tastebuds.  You never knew cinnamon could take the lead role in an entree until you dig in--and you will DIG in--to the food at Marrakesh Cafe.  You can BYOB or pick up a bottle of wine across the street--the proprietor often comes in and asks if you'd like to buy a bottle of wine, so don't worry if you forgot to bring one along.The upstairs has been transformed into a cultural getaway perfect for parties, while downstairs each table is encased in privacy by luxurious silks and linens draped from rafters overhead.  The staff is more than friendly and ready to recommend something if you're not sure.  Always, ALWAYS have the tea.  Trust me on this one.  And have seconds.  It's so very worth it.
<review# 2125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2008,11/13/2008,105,201,7,13,11>Calling any and all aviation buffs! This is your stop!Cavanaugh is a great little secret tucked back among the hangars of planes at Addison Airport.Jim Cavanaugh is an aviation nut who has a love for restoring vintage warbirds. He has one of the best collections period. The awesome thing about this museum is almost all of the planes are in flying condition. It is remarkable. Many of you may be familiar with Cavanaugh's planes if you've ever been to KaboomTown in Addison. Many of the warbirds you see flying around before the fireworks are from his personal collection.One of my favorite things about Cavanaugh's museum is that even though I've been several times, I always see a plane and I have to stop and think "did I see this awesome plane here last time?!" You always find something new.Another AWESOME thing about Cavanaugh is that you can buy rides on 2 of the planes here. The AT-6 Texas, a world war 2 trainer, Google it. Or a Steerman, an old open air cockpit biplane trainer. It is 250 dollars for a 30 minute flight. I got a flight for christmas 2 years ago. It was great. I flew in the Texan. The pilot will ask if you'd like a tour of your neighborhood, or any area you'd like to see. (Because of Love Field, the downtown area is usually off limits though). I chose the Lake Lewisville area. It's awesome on a nice sunny day to fly out over the lake. He will ask you what your tolerance for maneuvers are and he will do some fun climbs and dives, and a few maneuvers where he will fly straight up and then turn the plane on its wingtip. It kicks the ass of any rollercoaster out there.Any Yelpers who want to take a trip out here PLEASE let me go because I'd love to go and enjoy it again.
<review# 2126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,11/12/2008,127,93,,14,2>Over the summer, I went to an awful salon where a frumpy lady butchered my hair.  After waiting 5 months for it to grow out enough to fix (it was just below my ears), I went to Absolute Touch and had my hair cut by Lisa.Everyone at this salon seems knowledgeable and in style.  Lisa did an awesome job on my hair--very good at taking thickness, face shape, etc. into consideration.  The cut she gave me is very flattering.The salon also offers massages, facials, mani/pedis, waxing, etc.  And on a side note, Lisa's mom was walking around giving out homemade fudge to everyone having a service done.  Very sweet.For shampoo, cut, and style, I only paid $35 (plus tip of course).  Another good thing--they have a receptionist who actually knows what she's doing as opposed to the very typical "whoever's free can answer the phone" attitude.  Considering the service, the price, and how great my hair turned out, I will definitely be back.
<review# 2127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2008,11/11/2008,23,63,,7,2>I like going to Asia World Market because it's close to my home and carries a lot of the items I stock my kitchen with. It's incredible to me that there's more than one Asian shopping plaza out in the suburbs of Plano.  When my husband and I pull into the parking lot at AWM I like to yell, "We're takingggg ovvverrrrrr!!!!" and he responds with a laugh, "damn right you are!" The actual market itself has quite a good selection of veggies, meats, snacks, dumplings, vegeterian items, etc but you can't find EVERYTHING there.  For example, you can't fine Lan Chi chili paste there.  I thought you couldn't be an Asian grocery store if you didn't carry that stuff.  I would ask them why they don't carry Lan Chi chili pastes there, but everyone seems to speak Mandarin and not Cantonese there.  Anyway, the store itself is VERY clean.  I mean, absurdly clean, especially for an Asian grocery market.  You have some of the different smells from the different spices and such, but you won't find this kind of clean in SF or NY.  Although the store is very clean, don't expect american type of friendly service.  You practically have to jump up and down and do a little dance at the meat and sea food departments to get anyone to help you.  If you just stand there, the guys behind the counter will just wait and see how long you will just stand there and stare back.  I still give AWM a 4 star b/c it's so clean, has a wide selection, and is cheap.  This is a chinese 4 star rating, and not an american 4 star rating.The other shops in the AWM building are pretty nice.  I'm not sure if they are part of the Asia World Market or what, but they are in the same building.  The Japanese plate store has a good variety of wares so you don't have to raid Japantown on your next trip out to SF.  The Crepes 4 U has DELICIOUS crepes and great cheap Haagan Daz ice cream.  They have green tea ice cream and it's some of the best!  Haagan Daz green tea ice cream isn't available in stores for regular retail purchase, so this is where you gotta go.  Crepes 4 U's hours of operation are a little sketchy during the week day, but you will definitely find them open on weekends and evenings.  The bakery next door has pretty good baked goods and inexpensive as expected.  They don't speak English, but they seem to understand Cantonese well enough to get my orders right.  The only thing I don't like is that they put everything in ridiculous cellophane baggies instead of just boxing the dang things up in one box with a pink string.  The daan tat isn't fabulous, but will satisfy your craving till your next dim sum outing.
<review# 2128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,11/10/2008,100,86,5,6,8>They say we're in an economic downturn, recession, and/or depression?  You wouldn't know it by the Texas State Fair, where everybody and their mom was spending money by the boat load on entrance, food, and games. There were lines at the entrance, lines at food vendors, lines at the midway games, and of course long lines at the ladies restrooms!This being our first Texas State Fair (we just moved to Texas this summer), the hubster and I had a long list of things to do... most of them involving food. :) Fried banana split? Check! Fried grilled cheese? Check! Fried snickers? Check! Fried cheesecake? Check! Notice a delicious, fried trend here? Unfortunately, the fair closed before we tried the corny dogs, fried queso bites, fried oreos, fried twinkies, and funnel cake.  Oh, we also did other things at the fair too like play the games, check out the butter sculpture, watch the pig races, check out the light show, go to the petting zoo, check out various performances, and take a picture with Big Tex.The hubster is already looking forward to next year's batch of culinary specialties... deep friend ones, of course!
<review# 2129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2008,11/9/2008,1,5,,7,3>After reading the review from Xuan N., and Francesca L., I had to check out Quoc Bao Bakery.  I work near the area but haven't had a good Vietnamese sandwich in awhile.The french bread is made daily so you are guaranteed to get a fresh loaf of bread on each visit.  In fact, while waiting for the server to make my order I saw several customers come in to pick up there orders or to simply buy a few loafs of bread that was carried out (push) onto these bread trays.I ordered the "Banh Mi Thit Nuong" (grilled pork sandwich) and the "Banh Mi Thit Ga" (grilled chicken sandwich).  Those of you who are new to Vietnamese sandwiches should definitely give this place a try.What's in these sandwiches you might ask?  It contains the meats/chicken/cold cuts of your choice and is garnished with Pate, Mayo, pickled daikon, pickled carrot, cucumber slices, cilantro, jalapenos, and black pepper.Yes, the secret to making a good Vietnamese sandwich is the bread.  It has to be fresh, hot, crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  I found the meats/chicken to be quite tasty as well.  Don't forget to order 3 sandwiches and get the 4th one free.If by the time you get home and the sandwiches are cold, just stick them in the oven for about 5 min. and you are good to go.The bakery is next door to Pizza Patron (the Mexican owned pizza restaurant - looks similar to Pizza Hut) and on the same side/parking lot as Auto Zone.Ba Le who? LOL. :)
<review# 2130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2008,11/8/2008,136,135,7,6,7>My lovely friend Carly, the first I made out here in Texas because she offered me an Urban Outfitter's catalogue while waiting to interview for a job, took me to the Dixie for lunch one day. Obviously I got the job. Course it sucked so bad that I quit, but I still love the Dixie. The waitresses are sassy and one time we had nearly every single one of them come up and ask if we were ready to order because we were taking so long. It was cute! The food is diner/cafeteria style, serviced on elementary school style plates, but that's what gives it the character appeal I've been looking for a long time now. It's the first place I've ever had chicken fried steak and it was pretty tasty.  I also like their specials of the day.  Watch out though, as they are definitely busy during lunch and close at 2 or so on the weekdays. I need to get back there soon, it's been a while.  I need me some southern hospitality and home-cookin!
<review# 2131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2008,11/7/2008,19,20,6,8,9>Yelp has justified its existence by introducing me to Yogilicious.  Tonight I chose Yogilicious over chocolate cake.  You'd have to know me to know how very shocking that is.  In fact, I can hardly believe it myself.I have tried multiple flavors each time (blueberry cheesecake, cookies and cream, pumpkin, strawberry, taro) but cannot get away from the deliciousness that is plain.  I love that stuff.  My current favorite (I feel sure there will soon be another) is plain yogurt with raspberries,  strawberries, and mini chocolate chips.  The first time I went a little crazy but have since learned to cool it on the yogurt and leave plenty of room for the toppings.  I was warned about this on my initial visit, but it looks like I had to learn for myself.  The store itself is cool and the people there are super nice.  Ok, so I'm already plotting what time I'll go back tomorrow.
<review# 2132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2008,11/6/2008,549,363,10,19,27>I've just written this and I realize this is probably the sappiest MALL reviews ever, but it's the truth to me, so here goes:I'm one of those rare people who were born and raised in Dallas. A big part of my growing up included Northpark Mall: I drank from my first straw at the cafe in Neiman Marcus. 25 years ago I was one of those kids running up and sliding down the planters near Neiman's. I've fed those ducks and penguins and marveled at the fountain near Dillards. I used to be more excited about the "12 Days of Christmas" wooden machine than I was to see Santa. I bought 3 prom dresses at Jessica McClintock before it closed. I remember many many shopping trips with my mom and sister and friends, laughing and people watching. In college, I maxed out my Express credit card more than once. I bought myself my first "real" purse (and wallet and makeup bag) with my first real paycheck after college graduation at the Coach Store. I registered for my wedding presents at Dillards. My engagement ring was bought from a jeweler at the mall. I remember eating at the La Madeline with my now-deceased father in law. I remember the compassion of the salesman at Neiman's when we had to buy a black suit for my husband in anticipation of that death (and the free overnight shipping to Canada after it happed much quicker than we expected).I was at the opening of the Nordstrom's and nearly died of anticipation for the new wing to open (and then now that it has, I sometimes wish it would just go away and bring all of the 13 year old hoodlums back to Valley View with it). I've had one too many margaritas at Luna de Noche and watched Borat at the AMC a bit tipsy and nearly wet myself with laughter. I've had a 2 martini lunch with my mom at Maggiano's more times than I can count and shopped till we dropped.I imagine buying maternity clothes there, and maybe some day, I'll be pushing a stroller and shopping for baby clothes just like my mom did with me.To some people, Northpark is an example of Dallas' excess. To me, it's one of those places that you only understand if you've grown up living in it.
<review# 2133,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2008,11/4/2008,63,215,3,7,5>I stumbled across this restaurant Friday late afternoon with a rumbling tummy and a craving for something heavy.  So, why not a burger, right?My timing was right because the dinner rush was still all stuck in rush hour traffic.  I saw a table of four teens which is a good sign for a burger place - who better to rate the tastiness and affordability of a burger spot than money-strapped teenagers?I told the guy at the counter it was my first time there and he didn't miss a beat.  He narrated the top 5 burger selections from the menu as I skimmed the listing.  Each of them has a cute name so his explanation was helpful because it cut right to it and saved me time.He also gave me an honest description of their fries (frozen) versus their onion rings (freshly made) which sold me on a Junior size order of rings.  And, they were really yummy.  Light batter was just right and the size and thickness of the rings hit the spot.  I would have liked some dipping sauce options more than catsup but I forgot to ask and you can't hold that against them.  I did have some buttermilk ranch sauce from Chik-Fil-A which complemented the rings quite nicely.My burger of choice was the chili burger and it did not disappoint.  I was so hungry, I probably could have eaten two but that's not to suggest this burger was small.  It was a big one and fulfilling.  They even wrapped it nicely in two paper "pockets" to keep the chili on the burger and off of my clothes.  Very nice wrapping job.Clean interior - even though I took my food to go.  Flat screen TV's.  Even a Dallas Morning News paper for me to read the comics while my order was cooking.They handed me my bag right to the bench where I was waiting and everyone was all smiles!I am sure I will go back now that I know they're there.  It's right next door to Mi Cocina and Sonny Bryan's BBQ for those of you familiar with the strip mall in the SW corner of Forest and Preston.
<review# 2134,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2008,11/2/2008,40,15,4,5,4>"A cat with an attitude"  defines what I recently discovered the Tipp to be.  Allow me some latitude here, and you'll learn a bit more about this precarious pu....... uhm, cat.After downing a few beers to get the prebuzz primer pumped with my good friend Brennan, we were on our way at 9.  A destination bar on a Tuesday night at 9 p.m. usually does not equal a happening scene at any bar, but the parking seemed to hint otherwise.  We commandeered the last remaining parking spot at the rear of the shopping complex and hoped that all of the cars were there for the same reason we were.A short hike and an unassuming entrance door later, a weekend crowd was revealed.  The tables were packed, and there was a good crowd that surrounded the bar one deep.  A bar scene that is just busy enough to be happening but not overwhelmed enough to keep from getting a drink in-hand is my recipe for the ideal place to be, and it appeared that is what I had discovered.  That thought lasted all of a lingering two minutes as my friend and I tried to gain the attention of either of the two bartenders.  We used the good etiquette of allowing the bartender to approach us instead of shouting "Hey you" or "Dude...", but neither of the bartenders came by.Hoping to garner the attention of either of the bartenders that have not poured a drink in four minutes, my friend gives the larger, not-so-busy bartender a "Hey, what's up man?".  He held his pointer finger up like he was silencing a child and walked briskly away like he just got an order for eight shots.  Still, no drinks were poured for anyone.  Bad kitty.Two minutes later, the other bartender takes our drink orders and asks for ID.  Being the veteran bar-goers we are, our IDs have seen some abuse.  My friend and I aren't wrinkled, but we are far from being confused as under aged.  Taking my friend's ID in-hand, he begins examining the ID like a jeweler grading a diamond.  "You know, you may want to get a new ID since this one is no longer legal."  I began to wonder if we'd even get drinks with the Spanish inquisition that I felt talking place.  "Once it's cracked, it becomes illegal, but I'll take care of you this time."It began to feel like a grand favor was being extended by just serving a drink.  "Thanks for your graciousness, oh holy tender of the bar."  I have not been as nervous about not getting a beverage in my hand since I was 19 and visiting bars with my college friends.  Being an Irish bar, I opted for the Guinness pint.  He finished the top of the glass with a clover, but "spare the flair" was the only thought that entered my mind as I waited for my drink.  This cat was pissing me off.After commandeering a menu, I opted for the shepherd's pie.  Hamburger meat with peas and carrots and topped with mashed potatoes is a favorite dish of  mine, and I was not disappointed by the food when it came out.  Top-notch.Tables were filled with teams answering trivia questions, but the questions were not the mindless bar fare kind of questions.  The capital of Madagascar is not exactly sparking at the front of my brain after two pints of Guinness and a shot of Rumple.  More entertaining were the team names, which took advantage of political innuendo like "Russia penetrates Georgia" and "Just the Tipp".After cracking a few jokes out the bartender's "Just the Tipp" trivia name and asking if they wanted to try our recently-purchased Irish potato, the once-stubborn bartenders started engaging in some dialog and began bringing the drinks at a pace that made us feel like regulars.  Nice kitty.The crowd was a great mix, and a large group of Yelpers welcomed us into the fold.  Terms like "Elite" and "unofficial yelp party" had me feeling like I was invading a company party, but I managed to have some fun among the conversations that spanned cougar relationships and work mishaps.  Watching as online foes met for the first time and awkwardly shook hands made for great entertainment as well.As someone who tends to choose their regular hangouts based on price, the Tipp did not hint at any beer specials.  $6 is standard for a pint of Guinness, but I do always enjoy a good drink special to fall back on if the night runs long.  Invest some time at the bar, and maybe the bartenders will hint you toward something economical and delicious.I am not one for snubbery but the sake of snubbery, but I had the battered girlfriend syndrome when having to fight for the service of the bartenders.  Success by mid-session had the drinks I savored that much sweeter and had me singing "What's up, skinny cat?" a la Phoebe of Friends.Try the Tipp, but bring a friend of the opposite sex or a wingman.  If you do not garner the attention of the bartenders or anyone in the crowd, you could be stuck on the outside of the local bubble.  Invest two or three consecutive visits, and you could wind up on the good side of this Cheshire cat.
<review# 2135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2008,11/1/2008,97,38,7,6,8>Despite being deeply attached to the Tipperary Inn, I think Trinity Hall is a great Irish pub. They have pretty much everything you're looking for in an Irish pub.  Delicious Irish/British pub food, decent selection of beers and whiskeys, live traditional Irish music and live sporting events from overseas. Unfortunately we got there too late for me to do my wee jig to the band's music on Sunday afternoon.The food is superior to what they serve at the Tipp Inn (sorry old friend, but 'tis true). Their curry fries were great.  Crispy fries and flavorful curry sauce.  Their shepherd's pie was also really good. Not as good as what they serve at Fado in Austin, but better than the Tipp's.  I haven't tasted the stew but it looked home made and delicious from what I could tell (none of that super-salty Dinty Moore canned stuff you get at the NTIF!)I found the draft beer selection a bit lacking.  No British Ales on tap but I can't really fault an Irish pub for this, can I?! They do have a great selection of bottled beers and the mandatory Guinness-Smithwicks-Harp trio on tap. My first Guinness was properly poured, the second one not so much (thin head) and I don't remember the third one (can you say lightweight?)Service was pretty good, but it wasn't really crowded so I can't tell if they perform well under pressure. They didn't have enough menus to go around, so we had to wait a few minutes before getting ours.  Kinda frustrating when you're starvin' marvin!  Maybe they want to add to the atmosphere by giving you a slight taste of the Irish famine? Kinda picking nits here, but ye have to be deserving to get to this leprechaun's 5 star pot-o-gold.
<review# 2136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2008,10/31/2008,136,202,9,7,9>Three things are always certain when I visit the Grapevine:1.  I will run into someone I know.2.  Someone I don't know will strike up a funny conversation with me while I'm waiting at the bar for a drink.3.  A gay man I've never met will spontaneously tell me I am gorgeous.Hooray!  The Grapevine provides for fellowship, interesting conversations, and inflating my ego!  I love this place.  I think I have more fond memories of the Grapevine than any other establishment.The patio is the place to be.  You can chill in the semi-covered area, on the basketball court, or on the rooftop deck with a great view of downtown.Everyone who works at the Grapevine kicks ass!  I have been coming here for eight years, and most of the people who currently work there have been there as long as I can remember.  That is a sign of a good employer.  They seem to have a good time at work together; I even randomly saw them out together last week at the State Fair.Great drink specials, great jukebox, great fun, even a Playstation (or something like that) await you at the Grapevine.  Just don't wait til the last minute to decide to go potty.  There is ALWAYS a line in the restroom.  Luckily, because of all the toilet paper racks, they are never out of TP.  Yay for not making the ladies drip dry!
<review# 2137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2008,10/30/2008,41,26,7,10,10>Somehow, my social-butterfly of a mutt always seems to know the difference between a car ride to the vet and a car ride to the Pooch Patio. She abso-freakin-lutely LOVES this place!!Usually, I'll drop her off in the morning on my way into work for a day of canine romping with her buddies. When I pick her up after work - she's exhausted, and I don't feel the least bit guilty for leaving her home alone while I go flutter my own social wings that night.It's not exactly cheap, but they do have packages and half-day rates  available. Believe me, even after 3 or 4 hours of non-stop pooch play, Murphy is wiped-out and pretty much the best dog EVER.They also have kennel and grooming services - as well as a DIY dog-wash area.And while I've never actually hung out on their patio - they DO serve coffee, beer and wine in a dog friendly (duh) atmosphere.Maybe Murphy and I should spend a Saturday afternoon hangin' at the patio together sometime. Holla. (Woof.)
<review# 2138,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2008,10/29/2008,199,332,7,9,8>You have to appreciate a quaint home cooking place situated in an old style home in a forgotten section of town. It is even better when a friend recognizes your affinity for such food and recommends such a place to you gushing how much you will love it. She was absoluetly right.There is a story behind this place. Supposedly the doctor who owned it took care of Bonnie & Clyde back in the day. Although rip-offs are in the history of the area, this place will not fit that mold. The home-made delights are plentiful and reasonable. The menu ranges from burgers to full meals. I had the potato chip fried chicken which came with a french onion dip. The breast was pounded thin but was ample and juicy. The garlic mashed potatoes and mac/cheese were as good as anticipated. Then there was pie....lots and lots of them. I'm a rebel and chose peach cobbler because that's what Clyde would have done. Of course he would have shot someone and wiped his mouth with $20 bills.The funny thing about this unassuming place which contains a pool table out by the tiny bar is that on Thursday nights they have salsa lessons. No, I don't mean how to dice tomatoes and cilantro but actually dancing. I'm not sure if Bonnie could shake he thing but I certainly wouldn't risk telling her that.
<review# 2139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2008,10/28/2008,22,16,,6,2>Wow, great dinner! My wife and I are new to the area and making rounds to all the places recommended by friends and here on Yelp. This may be my new favorite place in Dallas. I had a chicken fajita Lucychanga, while my wife had a plate with an enchilada, tamale, and a taco (I think). Both were great, we sort of shared.  We also had the guacamole which was most excellent. I'm a bit of a salsa fanatic and theirs had great flavor, wasn't too hot but still had some kick you could enjoy.We got there early on a Friday, just after 6pm and were able to get a parking spot and seat without waiting. By the time we left, the wait room was packed and the parking lot had people lined up for spots. So I say get there early or be prepared to wait. It is worth a wait IMO.Also, the margaritas packed quite a pop, 2 frozens and I was good to go.
<review# 2140,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2008,10/27/2008,6,14,,5,3>My company relocated my group's office and the cigar smokers among us were looking for a new place to relax during our lunch hour. Looks like we've found it. Two Brothers carries a great assortment of cigars and pipe tobaccos. My boss was worried that his favorite stick which is a lesser known brand wouldn't be available but he had no problem finding it. The staff is extremely friendly and helpful and the atmosphere is just what you are looking for to de-stress. A couple of large seating areas with flat panel tvs make up the interior and there is a wooden deck outside for the two weeks a year that the weather will be neither too hot or too cold in the DFW area to enjoy it. Looks like I'll be a daily customer for as long as I'm in the Richardson/Plano area.
<review# 2141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2008,10/25/2008,228,176,8,8,9>I have heard this to be called pizza crack and I have to agree.  I get my hankerin for Campania at least twice a month.  Dining in is OK.  I find the A/C to be a little high for my liking and if you want to sit outside I think you have to camp out the night before.  The delivery service isn't bad and it is usually faster than they say it will be.  I have gotten into a rut of ordering the same thing, but not after trying almost everything on the menu.  Variety is the spice of life, you know.  I love the Capricciosa, it makes my heart go pitter-pat just to order it.  And, they don't mind if you change up anything on the menu.  Say you want the Capricciosa, but you're not in the mood for ham, they'll throw it off and throw in some potatoes.  I know potatoes on a pizza sounds weird but it is the best dang thing around.  And they never change the price when you substitute toppings.  Can it get any better??  The owner /manager, whatever he is, is a super cool guy.  I ordered from there once and wanted it soo bad.  After an hour of waiting I started to get anxious, called, the delivery driver had broken down.  I almost cried, but offered to come get my precious pizza from there.  Since I had waited over an hour and driven over he gave me a discount, which made me love Campania even more.  So all in all, great pizza, fair service, and you can BYOB.
<review# 2142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2008,10/24/2008,28,17,1,10,9>Been here once with a friend of mine whose paintings were featured... and sold.This place is just cool.  It is an "anything-goes" art gallery featuring the work(s) of local artists, Texan artists and the work of "guests" who are national and international.  But mostly up and coming Dallas artists.  From $150 to $1200, you may be able to find your faux-Pollack or Basquiat (if you will) to hang on your wall (if you are so inclined.)  Or just come here to look at the work of some VERY talented artists local to you.  Not high art, not low art, I feel that 500X simply defies any category or labeling.  It's just cool and pretty social.It is located in an oddball part of downtown that is either Deep Ellum or Fair Park or the unnamed crevice in between the two.  There is no cost for parking around the building or in the vicinity, just be wary and pay attention to any no parking or tow signs.  Otherwise, park where you can (no difficulties that I encountered.)Bring cash.  This gallery has a 'limited' selection of beer and wine (mostly wine) and they tend to run out later in the evening as it is not a "bar."I would describe it as bohemian at it's most debonair, but built upon the most solid foundation that has apparently been here in Dallas for 30 years to date (the building it is located in has been around since 1916.)If you want to go out on the weekend and do something VERY different and meet VERY different people, go here, you'll probably end up enjoying yourself.  And if you like art, or you're a patron of art, buy a painting and support the local art scene.  There's some good stuff in there. Enjoy.
<review# 2143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2008,10/23/2008,289,128,1,5,5>Apparently there was a Joe WIlly's in the tunnels in Downtown Dallas some years back. It is like a legend in our office. So a couple of my co-workers and I took a long lunch on a Friday to make the drive to Rockwall to re-live those happier days.Well, I really dont remember the Dallas location, but it was a fun little excursion and well worth the drive. They cook your burger to order, as you like it. I wanted medium rare, and they were right on the mark. Get the 1/3 lb burger basket, add swiss cheese, and substitute the onion rings for fries. What a perfect meal. They also have a great fixins bar with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and this amazing mushroom gravy. A great, simple, casual and tasty burger joint.
<review# 2144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2008,10/22/2008,5,9,3,7,4>I enjoy this place.  It's on the corner of Preston and Hwy. 121 and it's somewhat hard to see from the highway but a must find if you find yourself in this neighborhood on a Friday or Saturday night.The food is usual Japanese fare and they are pretty good at it.  What they are GREAT about is their attention to service.  The staff is always so pleasant and accomodating.  Always so that the last time I was here with a group of 20, one of the girls asked for Red Bull and vodka but Sakura didn't carry Red Bull.  The waiter got their manager Sartha to go across the street to buy a pack and served it to us all night!  Who else does that?Speaking of Sartha, he also acts as their KJ on Fridays and Saturdays.  The stage is small enough for you and a couple of your drunk buddies to go up there and belt out some karaoke tunes.  We have been several times and Sartha makes it so fun with his selections and commentaries!  It's a karaoke joint that is open to the diners yet I never felt self conscious enough to not wail out a song or 7.  I like karaoke when you can strip off any of your inhibitions but abhor the spots where it becomes about the next American Idol versus just a fun place to kick back and laugh your arse off.  There's even a dance floor to dance along to some of the warbling!  Needless to say, everytime was a great time had by all and the diners somehow sing along with you too!  It's a must, must, must go!
<review# 2145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2008,10/21/2008,21,9,4,4,4>Hangover heaven! I love this place. If you haven't cured a hangover at this tiny little greasy spoon of a diner, then you haven't lived. It's so small you might not even notice it is there, but for those on a hunt for good hangover food, this is the place.  I was a little indecisive as to the menu my first go around, but the hostess gave me some good suggestions. The BLUTO is da BOMB! If there is a heaven, this is what I would eat there every day. Not only does it provide relief from a long night of drinking, it also has healthy choices that vegans, and all fitness freaks in their running shorts would enjoy. Did it make me feel bad that I was chowing down on some chorizo, and cheese while they were ordering healthy after running there instead of just driving there like I did? HELL NO! I got a fruit cup with it. What now?
<review# 2146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2008,10/20/2008,12,20,15,13,11>Forgive me Lord, I can't keep this place a secret anymore.What was once The Pitt Grill has now become Carnitas El Barranco. Yes, this is another Mexican establisment in Oak Cliff but let me be the first to tell you HELLS YES, it's definitely worth trying. Every experience here has been amazing. I dare not admit the number of times I've visited.If you want a homemade Mexican dish that will leave your stomach and wallet full after every visit, you need to stop at Carnitas El Barranco for lunch.The salsa here is some of the best I've ever had. It's always fresh, warm, and doesn't quite hit you until you've had about 15 chips. Be sure to save room for your actual meal because the chips are covered in some sort of seasoning that keeps you craving for more.The breakfast items are absolutely amazing. The portions are huge and served in these classy plates. Well sometimes I get the boring white dish but every now and then I'll get this really classy dish.The chile rellenos are to die for. In fact, the chile rellenos are similar to the ones that a family friend makes! So you mean I don't have to make up an excuse to throw a party so that this family friend will make chile rellenos? Grrreat. Plus it's a special on the lunch menu (Wednesdays? Fridays? I forget).The customer service is great too. The manager is always around and is such a friendly guy. In fact, during one visit he didn't charge for a plate because the restaurant didn't have all the ingredients to make what I had originally requested.I think I spend an average of $7.00 every time I visit, it's even been down to $4.00 if I stick with the gorditas. Chips and Salsa, Gorditas, Warm Tortillas! $4.00? You better believe it.Forgive me dear Lord baby Jesus, lying there in your ghost manger, just looking at your Baby Einstein developmental videos, learning about shapes and colors.*Sign of the cross*
<review# 2147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2008,10/19/2008,14,38,1,4,3>I've only been here once, but as you can see from the 5 star rating plus the fact that I live just down the street, it made quite an impression on me.  This is a late night place, so if you get there at the nerdy old folks dinner time like I do at 6 on a Saturday night then you pretty much have your pick of tables and your food comes out super fast.  Just how I like it.    I ordered the Black n Blue mojito.  OMG!!!  Wow.  Words cannot do it justice.  I was taken back to the tender age of 5 when I tasted Kool-Aid for the first time.   Mmmmmmm.  Cozy goodness.  They take fresh blackberries and raspberries and mush them up and infuse them in the white rum and fresh mint leaves.  The food:  I ordered a spinach salad and a flatbread (which is basically a pizza).  Both were excellent.  The salad had pistachios and some kind of cherry dressing.  Very different, but the flavors really mixed well and complemented each other.  The flatbread was the mushroom one.  Me love mushrooms......it was just lovely.  And on the outdoor patio we had nice weather to boot.  Perfect neighborhood place.
<review# 2148,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2008,10/18/2008,48,87,,15,8>The food here is not for lunch while at work. You must consume their portions on a day of rest, preferrably on Saturday or Sunday when a lot of people visit.When you walk into this establishment, you can see and feel the history surround you. The decorations are very unique, with buffet tables holding old table top sculptures, and ornate lamps. Signed pictures of celebrities are randomly placed around the main dining area.I ordered the baked turkey legs, which were smothered in a heavy, light brown gravy. Also decided on yams and collard greens. This came with a sweet yellow corn bread muffin. The sweet potatoes were sweet enough to be desert on their own and the collard greens were seasoned just right. And I'm not too big on greens. The to-go carton was bulging with food.The meat literally fell off the bone while it was being plated and the servers were very loud and firm with you, they kinda treat you like your grandma. Every sentence ended with 'baby'. There were local politicians there sharply dressed in suits and shiny shoes enjoying themselves with females who appeared younger then I and dressed as if they were "working". And there were people who appeared they'd grown too old to cook these types of meals at home. Cause you know you can't cook soul food in small portions right?This is the place to go for soul food if you don't want to travel out to Sweet Georgia Browns. Don't be deceived by their website, it portrays more of a gourmet soul food, the plates here are huge, greasy and sloppy. Just the way I like it!
<review# 2149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,10/17/2008,47,40,1,6,4>I've got to give this place 4 stars.  I park and ride in from Downtown Dallas to Mockingbird Station and have found that this place is almost always reliable and has a well-stocked bar and decent prices.  The sashimi is prepared traditionally with a japanese maple leaf, not some limp piece of lettuce cut into the shape of a maple leaf, the daikon radish is freshly cut and they don't stain their ginger pink, another habit of some sushi chefs that makes me take on a slightly bewildered look after a few Ciroc martinis and a carafe or so of sake.  The bartender poors strong drinks, the prices are a bit high but the freshness of the fish makes it worth it.  The hamachi sashimi is always velvety, buttery, without a hint of fishiness, the rolls are imaginatively done, eel sauce tastes as if it's made fresh in-house and has not been farmed out.  All in all, a very impressive dining experience and a fairly friendly and helpful staff as well.  Luckily I don't live too far from Mockingbird Station or I might find myself in the drunk tank with a DUI the way these folks pour their drinks...
<review# 2150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,10/16/2008,90,127,1,7,6>Everyone knows that 3 Forks is a staple steakhouse in Dallas, TX and in the US.  And everyone knows that this steakhouse is known for their high quality steaks, especially the filet mignon.  Of all the steakhouses I've tried in my life, this is still my favorite of all time.  Food, Service, Atmosphere, and Dining Experience are consistently 5 star time and time again.  Even all the celebrities that fly into Dallas will have to get their fix here.  And, if you fly AA and read American Way, you know its true when 3 Forks is rated as the Top 10 Steakhouses in the US over and over again.If you get a chance to dine here, order the filet mignon.  Enough said--however you like it will be good.  BUT, don't underestime the sides that come with their steaks as well.  Their creamed corn is my absolute favorite amongst any side dish that any steakhouse has to offer.  Their 3 Forks salad is also amazing--they are famous for it as well.  Their NY Strip Pepper Steak is also review worthy.  Eat it and you'll understand why.And lastly, you cannot leave there without having their chocolate cake dessert.  This completes the perfect American meal.
<review# 2151,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2008,10/15/2008,23,41,5,9,7>If I heard that a sushi place had a $1 happy hour, that would scare the soy sauce right out of me. But this place does it right and you will be happy. It's got large, fresh pieces of sushi that cost just a buck during happy hour. Oh, and did I mention that they have happy hour seven days a week!? 2:30 - 6:30 on weekdays, 12:30 - 6:30 on Saturday and ALL DAY Sunday!! Holy Salmon, that's amazing!They have some great lunch specials. Bentoh boxes  are about 7 bucks each. It came with salad, miso soup, tempura, california rolls, and whatever protein you choose: tuna steak, chicken, salmon.They also had a sushi lunch special for about 7 bucks which was a California Roll and 4 pieces of sushi: yellowtail, salmon, tuna and shrimp. When we went, 15 of the 29 seats in this place were filled which means this tiny restaurant was packed. Obviously the word is getting out! Be warned that this tiny place has limited seating and, while we were there, just one waitress. So the service can be verrrry slow. But the price is great and the sushi was fresh and delicious.
<review# 2152,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/4/2008,10/13/2008,60,212,1,7,4>I've known about Blue Mesa for a while now since they're close to SMU and we use them for catering a lot.  I love their catering items so I finally drug J along with me and decided to go try them out for an actual dining-in experience.  Although I expected the area to be hoppin' when we arrived (since they're located right next to the Cheesecake Factory), I was pleasantly surprised that we were seated quickly and J hopped out of his chair to go grab some chips and salsa.  Little did I know he brought the hot salsa, but it was amazing.  It was fresh, flavorful (you know they use chipotle peppers!), and dipping the sweet potato chips in made the flavor experience that much more extraordinary.  We were seated relatively close to the cooking area and the entry so we had an opportunity to scope out the bar scene in addition to watching the rest of the tango between customers and staff.  It was rather loud in there and kind of hard to hold a conversation, but other than that, I really dug the decor.  J and I opted out of any alcoholic beverages and stuck with the house iced tea (which was fabulous... it had a little hint of something I couldn't put my finger on, but I really liked it).Skipping the appetizers as well, since we'd already filled up on chips and salsa, J ordered the tenderloin tacos and I the smoked chicken enchiladas.  J's "tacos" turned out to be fajita tenderloin slices on pita bread, rather than actual corn or flour tortiallas.  The "tacos" were also skewered on top with three shrimp, which J dug, but I find squiggly things like that a little tough to find appetizing!  Overall, he tells me the dish was dry, and I tried it myself and I concur.My dish on the other hand, had mounds of jicama slaw on top of the chicken enchiladas.  These were a flavor event all in themselves.  The presentation was phenomenal, but a little overwhelming, meaning, a little too much food for me.  I scraped away the slaw (as I noticed they hid quite a few bell peppers in there, and I don't care for those), and dug into the heart of the enchiladas.  I was in heaven, even if it was only for a moment.  My favorite part of the dish: the guacamole.  It was unbelievable...I hadn't had guac that good since I've been home (RGV, TX).  Overall, my dish definitely trumped J's ten-fold.    On the bright side, his rice was absolutely scrumptious and cooked just right.  The last item they brought out with the meal is only what I can describe as an "elote" from my experience.  Basically meaning, roasted corn with chili pepper and something else I couldn't decipher.  We ate most of it together primarily because we couldn't decide if we liked it or didn't.  I'm still undecided.In either case, I think I prefer their catering menu better than the dining-in experience, but if you want a different kind of Mexican-food treat, by all means, head on down to Blue Mesa and tell them I sent you!
<review# 2153,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2008,10/12/2008,22,40,2,5,4>I don't know where to start.  I'm stunned. Amazed.  My tastebuds are swooning.  For years I've had daydreams that a chinese restaurant would open near where I live where I could get lightly fried, delicate tasting lemon chicken.  I wanted something  with a tangy lightly sweet sauce,  batter with the perfect thickness and not competing with the chicken,   crispy yet tender instead of possessing it's own structural integrity,   and chicken that tastes like they'd gone out to the yard that morning and chased down the bird themselves then marinated it for tenderness.I found the perfect lemon chicken.   Tonight, my chicken dreams came true.Panda Delite has opened on Matlock road just a bit down from Fry's Electronics on the other side of the road.     I ate there tonight (obviously).   I brought it home to sit and watch the vp debate and enjoy it with a cold beer.   It was fabulous - everything I'd wish for.  I really couldn't fault it in any way whatsoever.    I give the chicken itself 5 stars.  Admittedly - I'm gauging this off of one meal.   I have a general policy though.  I try the general tso or lemon chicken first when I try a new Chinese place.  If they can't do those - I never go back.  If they can - I branch out.   OK - so much for my positive vote on this place.  Here are some details:     The fried rice that came with the meal was ok.  I ate it, but it didn't impress me.  It wasn't 2 star rice, but it wasn't 5 star rice either.  It was even better than average 3 star rice.   It was cooked just right, not oily, not overly salty, and hot.  It really was pleasant, but I've had fried rice before that I'd fill up on and eat again for my next meal.   This wasn't that.   To be fair - it was the "entree accompaniment" rice, as opposed to the fried rice entree.  That might be another story, and I will definitely try it.  Anyway,  if there's anything to work on, this is it - if only because it's not perfect yet.  Next time I'll get steamed and see how that is.   (added later: steamed is perfect.  The house fried rice is incredible and delicious. It has as much meat as a meat entree, in addition to the rice.  It's also a huge meal that could feed two men)     Size-wise the place isn't overly large, but it's laid out well with no wasted space.   It was clean, and the aroma in the dining area was one of freshly made chinese food and nothing else.   This is a huge plus for me.     I'd guess it to seat about 60.   Fortunately,  they were busy but not packed.    There are probably a couple hundred other informal Chinese restaurants with the 7 dollar entrees in the DFW area.   I've never been to one that was fairly busy.  This one had several times more folks dining inside  than any other restaurant in this category that I've ever been too, and there have been dozens.  I took that as a good sign, and it was.   I'd guess there to have been about 10 tables with multiple folks enjoying their dinner.   Thanks Panda Delite.  Please keep doing whatever you are doing.  I'm going for the General Tso chicken next time and looking forward to it.
<review# 2154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2008,10/11/2008,462,279,6,12,8>Books are like crack to me.  I don't even go into book stores for fear of maxing out a credit card.  Which is why I had to find a cheaper alternative.  I turned to my local library and noticed something very interesting.  The Dallas Public Library has entered the age of technology.  No, I don't mean they have computers.  I mean they have an online database of every book found in every library in their system, which really comes in handy when you want to read a book that your branch doesn't carry.  Gone are the days of leaving your neighborhood to feed your literary habit.  You just go to your online account and request away.  And when your request shows up at your branch, you get a nifty email telling you to come pick it up.  Then it's straight to the counter, flash of a library card and BOOM!  Back out the door.And the best part?  It's free.  Doesn't get much better than that.I do feel the need to add that the 5 star rating is based pretty much on the online abilities of the Dallas Public Library as a whole and not of the shiny factor of my branch.  The Casa View branch is old and outdated, smells of musty books and is in serious need of a parking upgrade.  I still love my branch, as old and stinky as she may be.  The good news is that the ground has been broken for a new building.  The bad news is that it might have been gobbled up in the Dallas budget shortfall woes.
<review# 2155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2008,10/10/2008,16,18,9,5,6>"I'd fight a cougar for you." I can assure you that isn't a very good opening line when talking to a girl. Not even if you gaze around the room for cougars so that you might have a chance to prove it. Nope, while you're talking to her she will  begin mentally cataloging all of the exits. Apparently cougars are less of a threat than they used to be. All rejection aside, this place is still in my rotation of places to go despite it's "on the prowl" crowd and it has everything to do with economics. It has to be the happy hour until 9pm.  I work until 6pm so this is one of the few places I can go and take advantage. I'm very cheap. $6 pitchers earns this place stars.I prefer the weeknight (or day) crowds as they are slightly more casual. You will smell like smoke when you leave. The cover bands they employ generally tend to sing the same songs each night. The food isn't too bad though. If you enjoy meeting up with friends for cheap drinks and can handle the occasional rejection from a pretty girl, this is a great place to experience both.
<review# 2156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,10/9/2008,18,149,6,10,9>This is for the ladies. This is the best place to get your body and mind in shape. The workouts are based on striptease, pole dancing, burlesque, belly dancing and yoga. They offer special classes like lapdance and private parties. The instructors are fun and you get a mixed crowd of ladies. Members are all ages, all backgrounds and this is WOMEN ONLY so there's no fear in putting on a show. You're encouraged to get into it. This place will help you get in great shape (think Pilates) and it's the kind of good clean fun you can have that everyone thinks you're not supposed to have. Don't worry, clothes stay on and you can wear what makes you comfortable. Short skirts and long heels are not required but the aren't discouraged either. ;-)
<review# 2157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2008,10/8/2008,236,423,2,12,11>What a completely fun date. Thanks to Yelp Talk, my hubby and I decided to hit up Shakespeare in the Park at the Samuell-Grand Ampitheatre for the last showing of All's Well that Ends Well. At $10 per person, it was significantly cheaper then the other things we were considering doing. Plus, besides being romantic, seeing Shakespeare under the stars sounds incredibly cultured and intelligent, doesn't it? We hit up Central Market for a killer picnic, and brought our own blanket. We arrived to find plenty of parking (free if you park on the street, or you can go in the lot for $5), and chairs ($5 for two, they were incredibly uncomfortable, I'd advise bringing your own). The middle area is members only, but most of the views are pretty good. It's so fun! Even though it was a hot day, it wasn't too bad at the beginning, and it soon cooled down to be pleasantly mild. The setting of a very simple stage backed by wild reeds and woods in the background is really pretty, and the late afternoon sun/sunset/evening sky is really romantic. The play was pretty well acted, and the sound was alright. We took advantage of the Paciugo gelato during the intermission, and all in all it was a completely romantic, fun, and cheap date night. Two things - bring your own chairs for comfort, or a big blanket. Texas ants are attracted to the food, and a big blanket is your only real defense.
<review# 2158,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2008,10/7/2008,78,64,14,6,5>Do you ever wonder where old Hooters waitresses go to die? That's right, Keller's Drive-In. I love the fact that the waitresses come to your car smoking a cigarette but dog gone it they serve one of the best burgers in town, matter of fact it's the Keller burger that I judge all other burgers on, their just that good. Probably one of the last authentic 1950's Drive Ins around and I believe that was the last time they ever did any real maintenance on the place. Keller's has always been my Sunday morning/afternoon "Hang-Over" cure. Double meat double cheese, onions, BBQ sauce, mustard and bacon with an order of Tater Tots and a six pack of ice cold beer. This was also the best place to get score beer when I was in high school, all you had to do is hit the drive through and order it.ME: "Yeah, I'd like a hamburger with cheese, seven cases of Miller Lite, fries and a coke."KELLERS: "Are you 21?"ME: "Yes."KELLERS "Okay, drive through." I'm betting that their I.D. practices have changed since then, but the way they build a burger hasn't you can tell by the cliental that show up at lunch, from bikers, bankers, construction workers and guys like me.
<review# 2159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/2/2008,10/6/2008,68,101,3,9,6>Okay, I have been reading about Homebrew for weeks now and I finally made the plunge to get my official Homebrew Kit. After hours and hours of research I decided to get my equipment at the Homebrew HQ in Richardson, TX (50 miles from my home) even though there is a place right up the street from me.As far as selection, this place has almost everything you could possibly need. Great selection of equipment and ingredients. If you are new like me, or if you have been brewing for years, this is where the people who know beer go.The best part, the staff. These guys seem to know EVERYTHING about home brew. Andy was the gentlman that helped us and he did a wonderful job. He told us everything we needed to know in order to get set up. He even told us to call him if we ever had any questions. (For the record, I have already called him twice and he has been extremely helpful)If you are looking to get into Homebrew (beer or wine) this is where you need to start. I looked high and low for a great starter kit and Homebrew HQ has the best I could find, and I looked across the entire US via the web. If you can't make it to the store, no worries, they ship anywhere in the US.
<review# 2160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2008,10/5/2008,139,83,42,37,53>The French room is everything you would expect from top-tier French dining.  I imagine that any dinner I might have here would be a five star experience, but in my particular case, my night there became the most memorable of all my dining experiences ever.  My girlfriend reserved the place on my birthday -- it was going to be her gift to me.  She knew that more than any material object or sexual favor she could bestow upon me, that fine gourmet food would trump all but the most lewd and perverted acts she could perform.She lives in the Manor House directly across the street from The Adolphus, so I parked with the Adolphus valet and walked inside the restaurant before picking her up; I wanted to ensure a couple of extra surprises were in place before our meal.I'd like to add that the valet guy looked me in the eye as if he knew it was my birthday and said, "Mr. Seeley, I'd like you to know that I will be taking personal responsibility for your automobile this evening.  Please enjoy your stay with us."  Yeah.  I liked that.So after having a brief, accommodating and VERY important meeting with the hostess, I went to pick up my girlfriend on foot.  As we walked into the restaurant, we were immediately doted upon like celebrities.  The hostess and the manager escorted us to our seats and politely reminded me to keep my jacket on as we dined (I was taking it off).  The next person to help us was the wine guy.  I know this person has a title and I know that it's not "wine guy."  Maybe somebody can educate me later.  Anyway -- he was extremely approachable yet cordial.  He suggested a $35 wine as though he could see right into my wallet and knew that that the price of the meal could very well overdraw my bank account as my birthday fell just short of payday and my bank account was at its usual depressing level for that time of the month.He assured us of the wine's quality and told me it could not be found at another restaurant in Dallas.  Then he told us how this particular vintage was created in honor of the vintner's daughter.  Nice!  An affordable yet exclusive wine -- with a backstory!  You don't find those very often.Sommelier.  That's what the wine guy is called -- my coworker just told me.  Pronounced - some-el-yay.Next, our waiter greeted us.  He reminded me of the chefs from Lady and The Tramp.  You know, the ones who serve the dogs the spaghetti that makes them kiss each other.  You know the scene.  We've all tried to recreate it.  He was a characature of the typical effusive French waiter -- except he was Mexican."Madam and sir, My name is Rufio Dominguez de la Palma and I will be your humble server this evening.  I would like to offer my compliments to the gentleman for having such a beautiful woman in his company."Oh man.  I was gonna have to tip this guy heavily.  So the rest of the meal went similarly.  Our waiter explained to us the intricacies of each delicious dish that we had -- the exotic texture of the foie gras, the organic nature of the lamb chops and the reason for the choices of the "in-between-palette-cleansing" bites that were presented to us between each course. Do I even have to tell you how exquisite the food was?  You know this.  It just doesn't get any better in Dallas.  Only Fearing's, Stephan Pyles or Bijoux compare.  Then came the dessert.  Our charismatic waiter suddenly took a very serious tone,"My lady, for dessert tonight you MUST know that our world-renowned pastry chef slaved all day in the kitchen crafting this extraordinary masterpiece.  Only the finest ingredients were used in its preparation, and he pioneered previously unknown culinary territory in the pursuit of its absolute perfection."(no joke on the quote)Then he crescendoed to, "And now, please allow me to present... your dessert!"He lifted off the cover of the plate and there, sitting on a bed of orchids was an engagement ring.My girlfriend dropped her jaw and I leaned in close,  "All I want for my birthday is for you to marry me."She was totally shocked and almost forgot to say "yes."  (She remembered eventually, don't worry.)A smattering of applause followed from the primarily geriatric guests that dotted the room."So does this mean we don't get a real dessert?" she asked.No sooner had she asked then it was presented, and we finished our dinner.  The bill was almost $300 and I tipped Rufio heavily, so the whole thing cost almost $400.  Yes, I overdrew my bank account -- I know it was MY birthday, but it's not like I could ask her to marry me and then expect her to get the bill.I thanked everybody on the way out for their help.  It was an incredible evening that won't ever be forgotten -- which is good, because I don't know if I can ever afford to go again.  Get engaged here!  The French Room is everything that elite dining should be -- and more.  They will make you feel like the center of the universe for one evening.
<review# 2161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2008,10/4/2008,0,6,2,9,2>After moving to the area 6 months ago, my hubby and I began the search for all the good places to eat.  Coming from the Southeast we are particularly partial to BBQ.  We've tried a bunch of places, some good, some so-so.  This week we had about a dozen friends in from out of state who wanted to go out for "the best bbq you can find."  After reading reviews, I decided to take them to Dat's Good.  We were not disappointed!  One bit of the pulled pork and you understand why they could not have named this place anything other than "dat's goooooooood!"  OH my heavens it has something addictive in it.  I tried all the meats - ribs, chicken, pork, beef, sausage - and they are all melt-in-your-mouth tender and flavorful.  The service was excellent and friendly, and my big group of guests all raved about what a great choice Dat's Good was for dinner.They also have live blues music on Friday nights (free), and it's BYOB.Don't go here unless you are ready to get hooked on some amazing food.
<review# 2162,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2008,10/3/2008,322,339,12,29,18>If you are looking for herbs of the legal variety and you don't grow your own, head to Unarei and Cerina's little shop on Bell Street. They have a room full of herbs; everything from Anise to Vervain. They also sell books that tell you how to use these herbs to make tea, dream pillows, and incense. If you are a student of Herbology, this place is Disneyland.The Labyrinth caters to Wiccans, pagans, and those who dapple in magicks. Aside from selling herbs, candles, stones, books, incense, and jewelry, they do  psychic readings and massage therapy. They also offer classes in things like candle making, Tarot Cards, and Runes. Unarei puts out a newsletter every month, and these newsletters are full of historical and mythological information. I always find her writings to be informative, insightful, and interesting. The owners and employees of this shop are also very friendly and helpful and they do mail orders if you need your herbs mailed to you.  Maybe you're not into that kind of stuff. However, if you want some bad-ass incense or a candle to make your ex stop stalking you, this is your place. Just call before you go - they operate on their own hours.
<review# 2163,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2008,10/2/2008,4,73,1,6,4>I go to Tokyo One for lunch often, and you can get insanely full on all kinds of sushi for a good price. The staff is really friendly and attentive, and your drink will always be full. The lunch buffet comes with sushi and a hot bar with things like short ribs and tempura, and there is a good selection of Japanese salads. As far as the sushi goes, I'm not picky and I think its pretty good, but some of my friends who have gone have said that is not the best they've ever had, but worth the price and what you get. The buffet comes with free ice cream at the end, try the green tea flavor!
<review# 2164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2008,10/1/2008,193,345,1,13,6>I love Petropolitan.  More importantly, my DOG loves petropolitan.  He goes to daycare there 2-3 days a week, and the other days he sleeps it off.  As previously stated in some other gratuitous review, my dog is a big woolly mammoth/teddy bear.  He LOVES water and will drag you to or through any puddle, fountain, bucket or pool the second he sees h2o.  He is afraid of small, yappy dogs, and he is overly affectionate and super hairy and drooly.  (If you have not already determined the breed, please research "Newfoundland")The guys at Petropolitan love Easy,  even though he can be a handful, merely because he is big and full of love.  They keep tiny dogs all the way up to mammoths like mine (but he is not alone, which is another great thing- there are other dogs his size to play with) all separated by size/age/play style.  My BFF has a tiny (5 lb?) Boston Terrier who goes there also, and she loves it just as much.  They have play areas inside and go on several walks throughout the day, usually down to the Farmer's Market where they get to see cool stuff and mingle with people.  (at least, that is what they do with my cool dog!)They are very accommodating, as Bf and I are both chronically late individuals, so Easy is often the last pup there, hanging out while they mop the floors and take out the trash.  Also, a few times we have been out of town and have sent a friend to pick him up if our flight's delayed (or we ask for late checkout bc we are hungover) and they'll help the friend get Big Easy out to the car and they don't mind if it's a couple days before we come pay the bill for boarding.  I guess it's because they know they will be seeing us soon. They also bathe and groom Easy, which is no small task since he outweighs everyone who works there and has long hair that has to be blowdried (or it takes him 4 hrs to dry) and then combed.  He comes home beautiful, fluffy and smelling great!  They carry great products like you'd find at any pet boutique: leashes, food, shampoos, treats and toys.  2 paws up for Petropolitan!
<review# 2165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2008,9/30/2008,34,33,,8,7>Magnolia Theater is my favorite movie theater in Dallas.  It is a good size (not huge but not small and overcrowded) and it has a good selection of movies although tilted towards indie films.   It's in a nice area, but finding parking can be tough.  If I can't find parking in the garage in the center of west village I park in the garage behind borders, which is usually empty.  I'm not sure if it is OK to park there but I haven't ever had any trouble.  They have the best projection quality I've seen in Dallas, comfortable theaters, food/drink, and student pricing.  I think this theater would be a nice location for a date because there are some nice places to eat and drink nearby and also a Paciugo next door.  I noticed someone said it was too hot when they went.  I've never noticed that but I'm sure every theater has their bad days.  The only theater I could give 5 stars to would be Alamo Draft House (Austin) at this point.
<review# 2166,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2008,9/29/2008,384,355,13,11,9>I have no freakin clue how I was able to drag my straight guy friends to this place with no complaints (it's on Oaklawn)!  I'm pretty sure the super stout margaritas was enough of an argument.  My usually quite friend, was practically dancing on the table after throwing back two margs!I should have been full from practically drinking the salsa right out of the bowl, but I was able to cram down some shrimp quesadillas split amongst the table.  They must use cheese sent straight down from heaven!  The enchilada/taco entree I ordered was about like any other place in Dallas, but I stole a bite of my friends lobster enchiladas while he wasn't looking and, DAMN, GINA! were they awesome!  They outta be, though, for their steep price tag!My only complaint was all the hotties there were batting for the other team, if you know what I mean...it would have normally left me feeling a little low on confidence, but I got complimented on my "super-cute" haircut several times, which made it all better!
<review# 2167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2008,9/28/2008,621,968,12,13,12>Aaaaah Abacus - it has been a while, and I am definitely sorry about that, especially after my Restaurant Week meal there last night.First off, the new re-do of the interior is nice....everything looks updated, and the bar actually looks like it might be a cool place to just chill out on its own.  But this is not a place to just DRINK, you have to EAT!  (I can't believe I just said that!)  We had reservations for 8pm in a packed house, but we were led immediately to our seat.  The waiter (forgot his name) won the hugest brownie points on the planet about 5 minutes after we arrived....I ordered a glass of wine and he asked for my ID...then when he looked at my ID and saw that I was above the age of 30 he told me I was looking goooood.  I realize he says this to all the "old ladies" but hey, I am a sucker for compliments and he just secured a large tip!  Everyone wins.The food, OH MY GOD, the food.  First off, have one of those little rolls on the bread basket...I don't know what the hell is in them, but I suspect it is crack, because I ate all of them and didn't even share.  For appetizer I had the apple smoked bacon lump crabcake and it was so delicious.  Small though, but really the perfect size when you are having a three course meal.  The bf had the scallop and it was also yum.  For dinner I had the grilled salmon with blue corn grits...that salmon was cooked med to med-rare and it was absolutely the best salmon I have ever had.  I would have licked the plate clean if I hadn't been in public.  The bf had the pork chop, which I actually considered getting.  His was actually better than the salmon...I am a Southern girl and have had a lot of damn pork chops, but this one was again, the best one I have ever had.  It was sooooo tender and juicy it almost tasted like it could be turned into "pulled pork".  MY porkchops never turn out that juicy...hm...maybe that's why I'm not a famous chef.  We also had the applewood smoked bacon mac and cheese...smoky cheesy deliciousness!  As for the wine, I had the Robert Mondavi 2005 Chardonnay that was recommended on the menu to go with the salmon and the bf had the Green Point Shiraz that was recommended with his and both were great...I should have ordered the entire bottle because I could have sucked it all down in no time...but then I wouldn't feel very good today now would I?  For dessert they bring out a little sampler thing...the best one was the "kit kat" thingy...yum!  The waiter was awesome throughout the dinner and really impressed when making sure that nothing had nuts in it since my bf is allergic to nuts (lucky for him, I am not allergic to nuts hehe).  And the best part is that even with all our "add-ons" it was still significantly less than it would have been on a regular night!  Bargain!The entire dinner was awesome and the service was impeccable and you would never know that you were there for restaurant week instead of just a regular night.  I have been to Abacus for company sponsored dinners and Nickie sponsored dinners and the service and food was at the same level each time.  This place freakin ROCKS!  I want to go back for breakfast, lunch, and dinner every day.
<review# 2168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2008,9/26/2008,34,119,,6,6>Great Free non collecting museum.  The Dallas Center for Contemporary Art (a.k.a. The Dallas Contemporary) is an indispensable part of the present-day Texas art scene. Twenty yearly exhibitions at this welcoming, dynamic space highlight up-and-coming, ethnically diverse Texas artists. Studio art classes and a resource room for practicing artists make this a functioning creative center and a cutting-edge showcase of new talent. The shows are topical, multicultural and conceptual. As an example, a showing of fireworks corresponded with a national ceramics convention held in Fort Worth, while the monthly Mosaics series always features the work of ethnically diverse artists. There is no charge for admission, but exhibit charges may vary.Also a great size so you can get a little art and not feel overwhelmed.  Also this is walking distance to the Latino Cultural center as well as a couple of private galleries.
<review# 2169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2008,9/25/2008,15,22,1,5,4>Orange cup is the most delicious thing I have ever had. I have contemplating camping out at NorthPark just so I can eat it all the time.My favorite (and your soon-to-be-favorite) flavor is ACAI. Then put whatever fruit junk you want on top of it, I don't care. But everything I've had is super delicious. I also like that they label it with the amount of calories because I feel healthy while eating it.I must also add how cool the staff is. They're very sarcastic and friendly. I don't know if kids still go on dates at the mall but definitely bring your S.O. here. He or she will fall even deeper in love, because they'll associate the silky, delightful taste of Orange Cup with you.Only problem (as made clear by Mindi A. below)... you will never be as good as Orange Cup. Never! I am still trying to figure out if it is legal in Texas to marry a granola-banana acai bowl.
<review# 2170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2008,9/24/2008,83,51,6,12,6>It would seem, based on the reviews from my fellow Yelpers, that Central 214 is a polarizing place.  I am firmly camped with the "fans" of this restaurant/bar in the Palomar Hotel, and my visit last night only reinforced that stance.The decor at Central 214 is undeniably hip - in fact, the whole hotel (at least the whole downstairs reception, lounge and restaurant/bar) is just gorgeous.  I also heart the patio with it's comfy chairs and water feature, ensconced within the cool confines of the surrounding buildings.  (Nothing saps my buzz like a great patio with rickety, uncomfortable or wobbly chairs.)Last night our group of 8 dined indoors, tucked in a cozy corner of the dining room and tended to by warm, friendly, efficient Calvin (the creme de la creme of servers).  As per usual, the food was a solid "great" - some dishes, such as the crab cake and cheese plate and truffle risotto were lie-down-roll-in-it delicious.  If others fell short of inducing such unabashed bliss, they pleased the palate nonetheless, in a more reserved manner.I'd be remiss, however, if I didn't mention a dessert misstep in the form of an inappropriately sauced bread pudding.  We loved the pudding itself, but it was doused in a sauce that was strangely salty - it just didn't seem right.  Indeed, Calvin explained that the kitchen had sauced the dish incorrectly (the bourbon cream sauce looks a whole lot like something else they've got simmering back there), and then whisked them off the table and bill with his sincerest apologies.After dinner, we retired to the bar and were again treated to awesome service and really good lighting.  As a parting note, I'll share something you may not know about Central 214:  there is a tarot reader in the bar who'll tell your fortune for $25.  I believe she said she'll be there every Friday night.  She was beautiful and friendly and I totally wished I could have taken her up on her offer last night.  I think I'll go back again some Friday, though, when I'm feeling mystical.
<review# 2171,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2008,9/23/2008,52,186,2,4,3>If the Quadrangle didn't seem like such a beating to deal with, I'd go to Dream Cafe for lunch weekly.  If Dream Cafe was located within 10 miles of my house, I'd go there every Sunday morning.Instead, I end up visiting Dream Cafe only on special occasions that call for a relaxing brunch in their sunny courtyard. Their migas, with veggie sausage, are terrific. However, my favorite thing on the menu, despite my hatred for former Red Sox manager Grady Little, is the Grady's omelet. It's basically just an omelet with herbed cream cheese, lox, spinach, and tomato, but it tastes like so much more. The food is fresh, they offer plenty of veggie options, and their portions are fair.  One tip: even if the wait is longer, don't settle for a table indoors. There's nothing better than relaxing with a nice, big breakfast on their shady, tree lined lawn on a warm day. The service can be shaky on a busy Sunday morning, but that's when you just need to put on your sunglasses, sip your coffee and be glad you're not somewhere less awesome...like church.
<review# 2172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2007,9/22/2008,7,60,,4,6>Dining at Alo was a very nice surprise.  Situated in a discreet shopping strip mall on the edge of Central and Knox, Alo sits close to its sister restaurant La Duni.  Alo features many of hits of La Duni such as the Grilled Skirt Steak, their famous mimosas and sangrias, and the ever favorite crowd pleaser...the Yucca Fries.  I dined here on Saturday around 8pm and didn't have to wait to be seated which is probably a first for me in this area.  I came here with my husband and started the evening off with the peruvian ceviche which came with garnishes of hominy, cornnuts, red onion, and a white fish.  The ceviche was very good and refreshing.  We also ordered the trio of peruvian causas.  That also was pretty good but I guess I was surprised that the mashed potatoes where the smoked salmon, calamari, and shrimp sit were cold.  I liked this dish despite the cold potatoes and it was very filling.  My husband and I then split the grilled skirt steak and ordered a side of the yucca fries.  The skirt steak is reminiscent....well actually tastes exactly the same as the one at La Duni without the sides.  It came with both corn and flour tortillas and was delicious.  The table next to us looked like they ordered the discada nortena and it looked really good.Alo is definitely holds its ground next to its predecessor La Duni.  The prices are reasonable, the atmosphere and decor very chic.  I will definitely be coming back here and trying more items on the menu.
<review# 2173,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,9/21/2008,34,83,2,7,5>Kalachandji's is an escape from Dallas. It's buried in an oldish neighborhood in East Dallas, near Grand Ave off of Beacon. You'll be shocked when you roll up and find a giant temple with lush gardens and quaint little houses (the Hare Krishnas that run the restaurant live in the neighborhood as well) lining the street. The food always varies and you'll find something different each time you visit. It would be nice if they had a menu with some of the more popular dishes that you could order from if you don't like the items on the buffet that day. The salad bar portion is just wonderful, though, and I could honestly fill up on the papads and salad (and amazing fresh baked breads) if I didn't like anything in the hot food section. They also give you either rice pudding or a small moist cake for dessert included in the price. If you like Indian food and are interested in learning to cook it, I definitely suggest checking out their cooking classes. A friend and I took them for about a year (look closely on their wall of media and you'll actually find a Morning News article about us!) and learned so much. The teacher is the most insanely talented chef, is a beautiful person and will take her time to explain anything you want to know about Indian cuisine and cooking. Everyone working at this place is calmly friendly and kind. You won't find anyone being anything but RELAXED at this place. Kind of hard to be anxious when you're eating healthy, tasty food in a lovely outdoor garden seating area. Indoor seating is also available but it's just not the same experience if you sit inside.
<review# 2174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2008,9/20/2008,18,27,11,12,11>Again with the breakfast taco post. I know I know. Seriously, I never ate these damn things until I met my husband. . . We go to Taco Loco and if the weather is tolerable, sit on their roof top patio (not nice accomodations, but works just fine - just remember to ask for extra napkins) and have our tacos. If not, we swing by there and bring home a couple. And yet again, not being too adventourous around 8 or 9am (which is when we get there) we order two bacon, egg, potato and cheese tacos. "With extra hot sauce please". These tacos are monstourus. My husband eats 3/4 of one and my son and I split one. Let's start with the tortilla. The easiest way to ruin any taco or Mexican food in general is to have crappy tortillas. These are the real deal Holyfield. They are at least 12" in diameter and thick. Almost like if a normal tortilla and injera (Ethiopian bread) had a baby. It is so good to mop up that extra hot sauce you ordered on the side. (You didn't forget did you? Because it is goood, homemade, and hot).The egg (real), bacon (thick and small pieces - not strips and lots of it) and potatoes are all gloriously mixed together to create about a pounds worth of food. Add the shredded cheddar cheese and you are looking at something that I can do curls with and get a workout. They wrap it all nicely in foil and off you go. You can call in, but then you would miss out on the homeless people and colorful conversation you can overhear them having with themselves while you wait about 5 minutes for your tacos. Ah Deep Ellum. . . I highly reccomend this place for a hang over breakfast or a let's gorge ourselves morning. But only on Saturdays, they are closed on Sundays.
<review# 2175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2008,9/19/2008,186,191,5,9,7>Walking into this place I got a swanky Colorado-cool vibe. Immediately entering I am drawn to a large screen showing old b&w films surrounded with comfy couches and sweet lounge area. The tables were simple with bird fixtures and bold napkins. On my way to the lou, I spotted a bright blue party room with trees to the ceiling...like tripping out and dining in the middle of a brightly hued forest.I would so decorate my home like this place if I had a plethora of spare tree parts and peacock feathers.The watermelon lemonade was yummy and went well with the light BBQ Salmon Salad. My pals ordered the Venison Frito Pie and the Smoked Brisket Quesadillas with no complaints except for the portions being smaller than expected. Although my Salmon was a good meaty size. The shared desserts included a delish coffee s'more and an apricot vanilla cupcake with lavender icing, which was tasty but the icing was way too rich!It is a great little place to check out in Bishop Arts. Because of the small entree portions, be sure to order any appetizer or two.
<review# 2176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2008,9/18/2008,126,176,17,12,14>Whenever the fears of Dallas give way to earnest longing for the streets of Austin, I smack myself for only being to Minc once on markedly one of the best nights of my life (a night that included Devo, hookah, drunk parking lot driving, the most beautiful transsexual EVER, and Minc).  We slipped into Minc, for you don't just walk into a place like this.  You savor the moment and let the outside world slide off your skin as particles from the bar and dance floor lights illuminate your body.  Minc is perfectly sized and expertly portioned for adequate bar, dance, and patio space.  The staff is beyond nice, and even my foggy brain remembers thoroughly enjoying the patrons in line for the bathrooms on one of my many toilet visits (I drink, therefore, I pee).  We met Denise while sitting outside around a towering, elegant hookah.  I had just returned from a bathroom visit to find a mocha-skinned, supermodel-cheekboned, deliciously long-legged creature sitting in my seat.  She was the physical embodiment of what Minc feels like: a space to feel beauty, to simply be.  No one humps you on the dance floor, everyone respects everyone else, and the music (which is great) moves right through you.  ...And then you go outside to the tiny dirt parking lot, back into the car behind you, and then let someone else drive home.
<review# 2177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,9/17/2008,160,643,11,11,11>This place is nestled between Big Lots and a Little Caesar's. I've often wondered if it's any good or not. From the exterior, I guessed it would have a simple interior and maybe mediocre food but in my search for Italian food that's any good, at this point I would settle for mediocre. Bella surpassed all my expectations by many kilometers and is not mediocre at all but dang fabulous.I walked in and thought... oh sh i i i t. This place is.. dark and romantically lit with candles and I have no date. It is my 34th birthday and I'm fairly certain I broke up with my boyfriend but I vowed I would get myself lasagna and lasagna I will get. I can be brave. It doesn't matter if the waiter looked a bit surprised at me asking for a table for one. Once my eyes adjusted, I realized that it was decorated like Italian restaurants where I grew up. That hard to achieve fine line between kitsch, over the top Italian theme and classy. There were Christmas lights running the edge of a curved mirror reflecting a painted wall featuring a huge archangel, some kind of Roman ruins and a Roman god or two. It sounds cheesy, I know, but it worked.White tablecloths and substantial flatware graced the table. My only complaint is that it was a bit too dark even with the candles. I ordered the rasperry vinagrette salad and lasagna. The salad was fantastic incorporating candied pecans, berries and cheese to perfection.The lasagna-- I was unsure what "filet mignon sauce" would be like but it was a rich, rounded flavor. I wished I had a bottomless stomach  instantly. This is the Italian food I've been dreaming of finding for months in DFW and having a small orchid perking up my plate was another bonus.  Then the live piano music started so I had Frank Sinatra to go along with my fine food.Sergio's waiter service was perfect. My water glass was never less than half full but at the same time Sergio was never a pain in the ass. Then Sergio said the perfect thing "Can I get you some after dinner coffee?" YESSSSSSSSS This is how Italian food is where I grew up again.. You always get coffee after you and eat and sit and enjoy the beginning of you digestion process. He brought me a fresh, steaming cup and I was content. Then I took it a step too far and got some spumoni. Don't let this tiny tidbit of info spoil your view of Bella but dont' get the spumoni. It's been in the freezer too long.  I ignored the spumoni and went back to drink more coffee. All was semi-right with the world.Then I found out the boyfriend was in the hospital and that is why he forgot my birthday. It's a good thing for him too because hospital or death were the only excuses I was taking. No, don't feel bad for him. Mr. Diabetic got stupid and had margaritas with friends and he's lucky I'm a forgiving woman.Now all is right with the world and I look forward to returning to Bella many times in the future. Cost will run you about 30 dollars per person to do it right but money well spent. It's a shame Mr. Diabetic is diabetic or there would be a 24 dollar Cherries Jubilee at Bella in his future.
<review# 2178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2008,9/16/2008,127,446,2,8,6>A week ago, I returned to my temporary living quarters at the Homewood Suites and was super hungry.  I didn't feel like driving, so I set out on foot to see what I could find.  And, just a block away, I found the Italian Cafe.Upon entering, the aromas were a delight to the senses.  You can purchase pizza whole or by the slice to go, or you can be seated in the dining room or at the bar to be served.  I was alone, so I sought out a seat at the bar and ordered a glass of chianti.  Both times.  Because, as I write this, I have visited twice.In talking with April the bartender, I learned that the Italian Cafe is family owned and closed on Sundays.  I learned that everything is homemade.  When I asked for recommendations, she said everything is fantastic.  Of course.  So, by experience, I have learned that the spaghetti with meat sauce and Italian sausage is to die for, as is the meatlovers pizza.  The portions are generous and entrees come with salad and fresh bread.  They cater to a group of regulars at the bar, and on both visits, I have been made to feel welcome and enjoyed some good conversation.I have learned over the years that the best restaurants are often tucked away in neighborhoods, off the beaten path.  Italian Cafe certainly fits that bill.  If you find yourself in Las Colinas with a hankering for Italian give them a try.  That is, as long as it isn't Sunday!
<review# 2179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2008,9/14/2008,17,5,7,9,9>This is my first yelp review and Im going crazy with all 5 stars.  I like this place so much I asked if they were renting apartments upstairs.  Number one reason to appreciate: magnatism in the atmosphere.  I was in the neighborhood on a Saturday night and Eno's vibe was too cool inside and outside.  On the sidewalk there were larger groups waiting for a table, but I found a seat immediately at the bar.  The restaurant has pale and black woodwork, wineracks, blackboards, mirrors and string lights.  A Texas given - there are televisions for game watching.Number two: the awesome beer list.  I started with a Californian classic, Racer 5 by Bear Republic, then moved on to a new experience- Leinenkugel's Sunset Wheat.  When I went back the next day (with my camara) I had a Dale's Pale Ale.  The list promises to ROTATE (Im so excited) and there's a beer club!And finally, the FOOD is great.  I had a sandwich and salad- the House Salad my first visit and the Streetside when I went back.  I was impressed with the value of the sandwich and half salad and the elegant presentation.  The Streetside (check out the photo) is complexly peppery with goat cheese, yellow and orange peppers, artichokes and olives.  The House was a simpler salad accented with hard boiled egg and provelone cheese.  I'll be back soon for pizza and to check out live music on Friday nights!
<review# 2180,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2008,9/13/2008,308,111,6,7,8>Yes, we're takin' this to 5-star country. Have driven by LL for a long time now without ever stopping there--it looked to me like the kinda place a few "regulars" would be hanging out in, so when you walk in there's a "who the hell do you think YOU are?" vibe. Anyway, recently had my inaugural visit and it was a revelation. Its lots bigger on the inside than it looks and the seats at the booths and tables are all well-worn. They keep it really dark in there and that's awesome.Now first, I cannot improve on the reviews below--such as Erica R.'s or Matthew M.'s--they've nailed everything perfectly. My $.02 on the Masterpiece Burger is...          9.5 out of 10. This was practically the perfect burger--toasted bun, plenty of veggies if you want them, add-ons like bacon, mushrooms, jalapenos for only 50 cents each! Are you kidding? Bacon is yes. Bacon is always yes.What kept it from being a perfect 10 is my personal preference for a thinner meat patty. Theirs was pretty thick. Burger was definitely a mouthful.Side note: we ordered queso/chips to start out. Whoever the guy is from the kitchen--you folks probably know him--I liked this guy immediately. Kind of a big dude, but really friendly. He lurched out from the kitchen with said queso/chips and let us know "be careful guys--I just fried those chips" and he was right! They were grease-fire hot and crisp as can be and totally awesome!! Not a knock to the queso, because this is what I LOVE, but it was very close to high school football game nachos. But high high quality version.Fries were fantastic too. I want to join the LL Club.
<review# 2181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2008,9/12/2008,9,15,3,6,8>"hey, carver.  wanna go to henks european deli and black forest bakery?""yes... yes... oh hell yea!"theres this accordion player that shows up during dinner from time to time and plays while all the white people eat their sausages.  he has to be like, 75 or 80, but when you look into his bright blue eyes you can see straight through all the years of his life.  you see him at 14 on his first day of high school.  you see him marrying his high school sweet heart.  you see him in the trenches of world war two.  he wears this fedora and what i imagine is traditional german accordion player garb.  this musician is among the most beautiful things i've ever seen.  weird, right?as for the food, its amazing.  very eastern european.  all sausages and potatoes.  all delicious.  the vegetarian in me loathes the fact that i enjoy this place, but even a staunch vegan would be a fool to deny the pleasure an omnivore can find in this little piece of heaven.
<review# 2182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2008,9/11/2008,12,9,4,7,6>I wouldn't necessarily give The Grape five stars for dinner, but I had one of the best brunches of my life last weekend. First of all, the place was full but it wasn't packed. We didn't have to wait for a table vs. the hour wait at Breadwinner's, and the service was great. Second, the menu choices were amazing. It was hard to make a decision. Third, the food was unbelievably tasty. I had the best blueberry cornmeal pancakes with sausage and my husband had a freakin awesome burger. My mimosa with prosecco was darn tasty and the coffee was perfect. It was an intimate setting for a romantic brunch with sinful food. I will definitely go back, and it will be my brunch spot when I have friends in town to entertain.
<review# 2183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,9/9/2008,10,22,2,7,3>When you live in Downtown Dallas, there's not much to find good food for lunch nearby.I frequent the Chase bank on Akard & Main, and decided to hop on the Dart rail on Akard Station, and stumbled upon this establishment that was packed with "office dudes & dudettes!" - so I gave it a try.The buffet was quite tantalizing, guess I was too "hungry eyes" at that point, and slap every dish on my to-go box since I was not decent-looking to mingle with the "office space" crew at that time.I came home and finished everything that I got, and was very pleased that the falafel did not go soggy on me.The owner is very friendly, and was grateful for coming to his restaurant, even though he was super busy trying to make sure the seat-in patrons are being served.It may seem pretty steep for a lunch, but you certainly have good enough left-overs for dinner which saves you even more.
<review# 2184,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/4/2008,9/8/2008,92,346,4,6,6>"Mmm...I'm craving Tex-Mex tonight.  Let's go to [Catina Laredo, El Fenix, Fernando's, pick one].""Mmm...I'm at Northpark, I'm hungry, and I really want good food.  Let's go to Luna de Noche."9 times out of 10, this is why I end up at Luna de Noche.  It's not necessarily the first place that comes to mind when I crave Tex-Mex, but unless you want to spend $$$ at McCormick and Schmick's, it's the best place to eat in the entire mall.The ambiance is lovely.  Ask to be seated in the second room (not the one with the bar) if you want a quieter meal, although sometimes I enjoy sitting in the bar room just to gaze at all the pretty back-lit bottles of alcohol towering behind the bartender.  In the second room, ask to be seated by the waterfall (if you have a choice).The nice thing about Luna de Noche is that despite the classy atmosphere, you really don't need to be dressed to the nines.  I've walked in, shopping bags in each arm, looking pretty damn casual and exhausted, and I never felt under-dressed, perhaps because the hostess and waiters never blinked.  I'm sure they're used to serving tired, worn-out shoppers with messy hair from pulling your shirt off one too many times in the mall's dressing rooms.  When you're in that state, it's nice to sit down for a yummy meal in a beautiful restaurant where the staff treats you well no matter how you look.Annnnyway, I've never had an appetizer here because their chips are so good.  The salsa is good too, although a bit spicy.  (They give you two salsas, one red and one green, and as far as I can tell there's not one that's less spicy than the other.)  The waiters are excellent about keeping your chips restocked and water in your glass without being annoying.  They keep an eye on your table from a distance and refill things only when necessary.For an entree, I usually have "El Dos," which is one shredded beef taco, one cheese enchilada, rice, and beans.  The beans at Luna de Noche are some of the best I've had at any Tex-Mex restaurant!!!  The rice is also delicious.  I can never finish, but I always want to!Last time, I tried "Rudy's Request," and that too was delicious -- three corn tortilla roasted pork tacos, served with rice and beans, and taco toppings on the side: tomatoes, avocados, onions, chopped onions, cilantro, and salsa.  Actually, I think perhaps the tomatoes were meant to be decorative, as they were cut in huge wedges that I had to dice with my knife to fit into the tacos.  The avocados were also sliced rather large.  Confusing!!My only real complaint, however, was that the corn tortillas looked like they had been sprayed with cooking oil or something -- they were a little greasy on the outside (?!?).  One of my friends had a box of plain flour tortillas that came with his meal, but he wasn't using them, so I transferred my pork to those tortillas.  Absolutely delicious.  They say that you can't request substitutions, but next time I think it would be worth asking for those flour tortillas instead of the corn ones.  Also, one more thing to note -- I hate finding chunks of fat in my meat, so I dug through each pork taco before eating it.  There was hardly any fat inside, which made me happy.I've never had dessert here because I'm always too happily stuffed.  Mmmmm.  :)Why not five stars?  Well, I'd prefer more enchilada combo options (being lactose-intolerant, can I see some chicken enchiladas that taste good without sour cream, and more combos that don't center on cheese enchiladas?) and slightly lower prices.  There are also small "misses" here and there that prevent this from being the truly quintessential Tex-Mex restaurant (like greasy corn tortillas).  But 95% of what they serve here is excellent, and you really should check it out.
<review# 2185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2008,9/7/2008,35,150,3,7,5>How's this for a  speedy review? Just got back from this place about five minutes ago. Now that I am comfy in my PJs, I can write a review. MMM, PJs. Anyhow.. back on the subject at hand... This place was good. I was pleased. Their rolls were quite affordable and tasty. Service was pretty prompt and our order came out quickly as well. Not surprisingly, on a Tuesday night it was fairly empty. It's on Addison circle, which is kind of annoying, but again, not horrible on a Tuesday night. I would probably never try and come here on the weekend, it is no doubt a mad house. They had several choices of rolls for a vegetarian like myself. Their vegetable tempura was good as well. The other people we ate with seemed to love their food, outside of one roll, which they sent back to the kitchen. For the price, this place seems great. I have no doubt we'll be back!
<review# 2186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,9/6/2008,169,220,6,11,8>Finally made it back to what used to be old my lunch hotspot (i.e., like a year ago...) and it was everything I remembered it being.Chopped beef sandwich, check. Lots of sauce, check. Potato salad, check. Lemon bar, check. Sweet tea, check. That's all I need to be a very happy girl for the rest of the day.It really is some of the best barbeque you'll find in the area and has great people-watching during lunchtime, if you're into good-looking suit and tie types, which I am. Oh yeah.
<review# 2187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2008,9/5/2008,89,87,9,11,6>You have to see Magdalena at Rena Levi salon! She is seriously a miracle worker- cut, color, highlights, she even does "billion dollar brows".I went in on a total whim because it's close to my office. Just to get my brows done. Afterward, the massage therapist said, "Who does your hair?" And my hair that day was a HOT GHETTO MESS. He said it with a totally innocent face, but I knew what lurked behind. I fingered my ends. "...I guess I do need a trim," I admitted, ducking my head so he couldn't also see my three inch long roots. That's how I ended up in Magdalena's chair for a couple hours.When I came out, my hair looked like it belonged to a supermodel- it was gorgeously colored, expertly cut and styled so sleek and smooth I'd never be able to replicate it. Her blow drying skills could have me waxing poetic for days. Best of all, reasonably priced and 1st time customers get 20% off!
<review# 2188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2008,9/4/2008,5,9,4,10,6>I've only been here once but I already plan on going back!! This place is GREAT! It has a perfect atmosphere. I went on a late Saturday night and was expecting it to be crowded and maybe a little pretentious...but it was nothing like that at all. There were only a few people there, and it was very comfortable. The staff were very nice....no snobbery happening in this place at all. They have awesome wines, in fact I left with 2 bottles.....I stole them. Just kidding..I paid for them :-). Seriously though, we did the wine sampler and there were easily 4 bottles I could have left with, they were soooo good!! And I'm not one of those wine gurus who can sniff out the individual cedars, pines, roses, whatever flavors. I just drink and if its good then great :-D. I guess I'm a redneck wine drinker ??? I highly recommend this place!!
<review# 2189,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2008,9/3/2008,68,80,3,7,6>Delicious food...delicious doesn't even begin to cover it.  From the appetizers to the dessert, and every morsel inbetween, my palate was more than pleased.  Dean Fearing is a great chef and a real "people person."  We were sort of special guests, so he was more than helpful at recommending what would be best for whom; but I noticed that Fearing took the time to mingle with virtually every party.  While I couldn't afford to eat here on a regular basis, I'd save a pretty penny to treat myself every once in a while.  Spectacular.
<review# 2190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2008,9/1/2008,16,52,4,7,6>My Mother is from Nicaragua so we are always hunting for good latin food and we finally found it!  Everything was fantastic and authentic.For dinner, I had the fish of the day Mahi Mahi served on a bed of asparugus. To drink I had my favorite....a Mojito.  It was almost as good as the ones I make myself ;)  I  normally never order dessert but since that is their claim to fame I had to try it.  I had a Lemon cake that melted in my mouth!  I left feeling completely satisfied.We will be back, we havent stopped talking about it for days!
<review# 2191,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2008,8/31/2008,443,598,4,13,8>It's Monday night madness!  How much is it for unlimited billiards, bowling, laser tag, and shuffleboard? $10! How much is it for unlimited arcade games? $10!Do they have beer specials on this night of madness? Yes!Are you going to have fun? Yes!They've got plenty of tables for pool and they're all nicely taken care of. The bowling lanes are kinda crappy. They don't put enough wax on them. When I throw my curve balls they catch to fast and end up curving way before they even get to the pins, so you'll have to do some major adjusting. Laser tag is way fun. They have 2 rooms for this. One is a large single level room and the other is a large multilevel room. The multilevel room is the bestest! The arcades are cool too, they have all types of games and I'd think their selection is very comparable to Dave and Buster's. The wells drinks at the bar seem to  be strong according to some of my friends, so tip well! As for the beer specials various domestics were $2 or $3 dollars and I think imports are a little more like always.If you ain't got shit to do on a Monday night, this is the place to be!
<review# 2192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2008,8/28/2008,725,843,11,17,15>From this day forward chili con queso will now be known as yellow-melty-joy.  At 9:40, after being tossed out of Cafe San Miguel (grumble grumble) we wandered down G-ville to Desperado's--also known as "that place that looks like the Alamo."We didn't go for anything they are famous for...we wanted straight up Tex-Mex, the kind with chili powder and avocados and rice and beans and cumin.  And boy, we got it.  The pick any two Tex-Mex Combo plate hit the spot. Of course we started with queso, and it came out warm with thick fresh chips.  Quite possibly the best mild queso I've had. Mini-me had a guacamole tostada and chicken enchilada.  The sour cream sauce was very good, nice balance of cheese and sour cream, with a hint of something spicy going on.  The chicken actually had a good flavor too, sometimes the chicken gets lost in the sauce, but not so at Desperado's.  I had a cheese enchilada and a puffed taco.  The salad inside the puffy shell had that oil and vinegar dressing on it that turns the whole thing kinda sweet.  Some of the older Tex-Mex places do this as well.  It's tasty.  The cheese enchilada was the highlight of the meal.  It was outstanding.  The cheese inside was cheddary, the chili con carne was thick, meaty and full of chili powder.  This was exactly what I was craving.We had super comfy seating next to a fire place. The interior looks as if you're in a border-town lodge.  It was very warm and inviting.  Noise level was good, for as busy as it still was.  Service was perfect.  And I think almost everyone in the restaurant said something nice to us.  One question, there was a little hidden door behind my seat.  What is that?  My daughter informed me that it was for the Tex-Mex fairy who came every night and sprinkled chili powder and cumin on everything.  Yeah...uhhh...that gene must come from her dad's side of the family.Note...Wednesdays = Margarita Specials.
<review# 2193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2008,8/27/2008,281,210,6,9,9>I didn't grow up Gotti, ok? But I feel like a Gotti- nay, a Kardashian- when I waltz into this lovely, clean, gorgeous salon. Located in Snider Plaza in University Park, they have complimentary valet- which I have yet to use because in keeping up with the Kardashian lifestyle, my driver (erm, mother) drops me off. Gorgeous receptionists with movie star smiles and edgy hair greet me, take me to the changing area which is right next to the dimly lit WC with the superfly sink. You've gotta see it to believe it! Then I sit by the fresh flowers and wait for my colorist to bring me a drink and take me to her booth. The massaging shampoo chairs initiate the luxurious experience, and every moment from then on is classy, clean, and fun. My hair always looks amazing when I leave and Kirsten, my stylist, is one of the coolest people I've ever met. She always makes sure that my hair is never a cliché! And, that my cut will grow out beautifully so I will always be lookin' good in the hood. The cost?? Well, it wont break the bank- maybe a piggy bank, but not THE bank. Prices vary, but for me, cut and color is 130 before tips- so I just go once every 3 months to maintain my movie star style. My 50 year old mother has been going for 7 years and she gets complimented all the time on her classy but hip hair cuts.Osgood-O'neil recently won an award for being the best designed salon in the United States. So, who knows, Kim may be coming here soon!Check it out and you will be looking H-O-T-T HOTT!
<review# 2194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2008,8/25/2008,549,363,14,26,16>I like cars. A lot, especially for a girl. I can pick a car out from the hum of the engine... from the light the headlights make at night. I like to go fast, and I like the car to go as fast as I want it to.I found myself at Sewell Infiniti in 2004. I had a Miata with super low miles but had just gone to the Dallas Auto Show and I wanted to just breath the breath of the G35 Coupe. I didn't want to be a lookie-lou. I didn't even need to test drive it. I had 2 years left on my lease and I wasn't gonna buy a car. Period. All I wanted was to sit in it and maybe get a brochure or something.We've now bought 3 cars from Sewell and I don't want to go anywhere else. Every other experience has been identical to my first. If you are interested in Infinities, interested in the no BS route to buy a car, this is the way to go. No "I have to go talk to my sales manager" bullshit. No "sign this little scrap of paper" crap. We just drive into the new car parking garage and pick out the one we want (color and amenities) and we're good to go. We've also had our cars serviced at this dealership for every need and they've been great. We've had 2 G35s and now have the 4 door too. It's an addiction. I am ashamed!
<review# 2195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2008,8/24/2008,4,13,2,4,2>So, the boyfriend and I love french food. We met at a wine bar, it's to be expected that we both would fall for a fellow foodie. Anyways, one adventurous night we left our Uptown cocoon and ventured up to this Knox Street bistro. We showed up at 9 or so on a Friday night, curious to see if we could get a table. After a glass of wine at the bar, we sat on the patio. The interior is very bistro with an American touch to it. Just in case though, they have a clock set to Paris time. We started with the Lobster Bisque which was rich, warm and creamy. My roommate went the next week and backed up this claim. Then we ordered the Steak au Poivre and the Duck Confit. The Pommes Frites take over half of the plate, and are delicious. We pre-ordered a souffl half-way through our meal and it came out rich and decadent. It was gone in under 2 minutes after a hard fought spoon war.Toulouse is one of those places we like to go to on a weeknight as a great getaway restaurant where we aren't hassled by less than knowledgeable wait staff or a hit or miss menu. We've loved everything we've tried there and always appreciate the wine list. Try Toulouse if you are looking for an easygoing American take on the French/Belgian bistro.
<review# 2196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2008,8/23/2008,227,57,2,7,3>Sushiyama is the closest thing you can get to authentic, japanese cuisine in the Dallas metroplex area. This little hole-in-the-wall restaurant is strictly run and served by Japanese folk and even the menu and wall posters are written in Japanese. They have $1 sushi night specials on Tuesdays, but in my opinion the best time to go is Wednesday from 5pm-2am where they have Bento Box Night. $10.95 gets you a huge bento box with an entree of your choice, california rolls, sashimi, fried tempura, miso soup, assorted salads, rice and ice cream for dessert. You can't beat that anywhere else. One tip: come early on Wednesdays or you'll find yourself waiting in line out the door for at least 30 minutes to an hour depending on what time you get there.
<review# 2197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2008,8/22/2008,21,34,3,6,4>Ahhh......My blue heaven......I pass Blue Mesa daily on my scenic drive down 121 into McKinney, where I work.  I've always noticed it and wondered how good the food was, as the parking lot continuously stays full.  My sister was in town, and my mother, her and I headed there for lunch.  My sister is a bit of a fussy eater, by necessity.  She is on a very restricted diet, a vegetarian and a particular diner.  Upon opening the menu,  she is pleased to see how accomodating it is to her needs.  Sitting at the top of the food chain, I myself am very far from a vegetarian.  I personally simply had an orgasmic experience eating their fajitas.  (think when harry met sally moment) They were THAT good.  The only thing I was disappointed in was that I didn't indulge in one of their sure to be fab margaritas.  We were headed over to Stonebriar mall afterwards, and a slightly tipsy shopping spree always results in a purchase (or two or three or four) that I'm just not quite sure why I made.  ("Do I even need a Halloween costume....it's June....hmmm..and a pinata??")
<review# 2198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2008,8/21/2008,12,37,4,7,8>The once loud resident of Addison grows up and learns about wine!! That was my first thought as I walked into a smooth scene with equally smooth music. Granted I was already in a good mood because valet parking is worth it every time. The crowd was easy and having our pick of a table, bar or couch we opted for the couch of course. I'll be honest in saying I'm still learning about wine and I find it ridiculous when I see others pretending they know ALL about wine. The good thing about Mercy is the staff is very knowledgeable and make sure that you're satisfied with what you order. The best part about that is they don't make you feel ignorant for simply not knowing. I tried several white wines before deciding on what I liked, it made it difficult when sharing a bottle though. The ambiance was great. I didn't have to scream so my guest could hear me; however it is very easy to listen in on others. I of course love to people watch and Mercy has just the right amount of lighting to watch and not be seen. Depending on your reason for going it isn't hard to know what part of the bar is suited for your reason for being there. Now there is an upstairs and I would assume it is for private parties and Mercy wouldn't be a bad place to have one. There really isn't a reason to go up there unless you want to feel like a VIP, which in that case knock yourself on the head and realize you're not that cool.Mercy is great, and I have been several times each time spending my entire evening there. The live music shows that I have seen have been worth staying as well. They are not something that drives you out upset that you know you'll end up at Sherlocks or Logans. If your going to take a trip to Addison this is an easy reason why, and if you see me there make sure you say hello!
<review# 2199,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/18/2008,8/20/2008,97,38,7,8,7>Many a drunken evening have I had at the Tipp Inn.  Tis one of me favorite place for celebrations of all kinds and to drink unreasonable quantities of Irish beer. A lot of the decor was I believe imported from Ireland and it is one of the only place (if not THE only place) in town where bands play traditional Irish folk music.  I really enjoyed singing along to the classics (whiskey in the jar!) this last Saturday when Behan was performing. Thank god I didn't take their waiter's offer of a complimentary birthday whiskey shot. That's usually when things start going downhill for me!The atmosphere is quite casual and is full of laid back Irish/pub-culture lovers. Some even bring their wee ones who are usually well behaved. Our kind of folk!They have a long list of imported draft and bottled beers from all over the world. The barkeep is well versed in a great number of concoctions made of various Irish beers, ciders and whiskeys. Speaking of which, if you are a drinker of the water of life, they have a nice selection as well! If you don't know what I'm talking about, it's best you stick to the beer.Where the shamrock loses a few leaves, is in the kitchen.  The food isn't the best of Irish fayre. I've had much better curry fries and shepherd's pie at Fado in Austin.  I've noticed that they have improved their fries quite a bit though. Give 'em a chance, they are working on it.  The owner is usually around; he's a friendly lad open to constructive comments an suggestions.This really feels like my home away from home.  Slàinte!
<review# 2200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2008,8/19/2008,4,7,3,5,7>Barcadia is a breath of fresh air for the Dallas bar scene.  Located on Henderson Ave @ McMillan (think Slip Inn/Louie's area, not Porch/Cuba Libre), it's a laid-back scene with more people drinking PBR's, Schlitz's, or a great beer-on-tap selection rather than Red Bulls and Vodkas on the street-side patio or 4-tops inside.The 2 times I have been (Friday Happy Hour and Saturday afternoon), the place was filled without being crowded.  They also have a small menu (Fried PB&J is amazing, also sampled the French fries with dipping sauces and wings) ordered from a couple waitresses or the bar.  They have also had some great music playing on the house speakers, a mix of 80's for nostolgia's sake and modern Indie and Alternative, as well as a large flat-screen TV in the corner.But the main attraction is the "Arcadia" part: 11 classic video games (Tempest, Donkey Kong Jr, Joust, Robotron, Mrs. Pac Man, Galaga, Super Asteroids, Phoenix, Spy Hunter, Mario Brothers, Star Wars) and 3 Skee Ball machines lined up on the side wall to kill the time, awkward silences, or to incite some friendly competition with your group.  That's right, no Golden Tee or Big Game Hunter; go to any other bar in the area for that.  All the machines are 25 cents and have ledges in between to rest your drink on during play.  It's great to watch people of all ages rediscover the games they used to play in the hometown mall or arcade.I swore I used to be better at these titles.  Maybe another beer will help my game out....
<review# 2201,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2008,8/18/2008,93,22,5,10,7>Ahhh....Ships....how I love your "no cussing" sign behind the bar, your jukebox full of old country and R&B selections, and your laid-back, welcoming atmosphere. On the lower lower end of Greenville Avenue, Ships is a true definition of a dive bar. It's small, and I'd image this is the place Charles Bukowski would choose to drink in if he was alive in Dallas.The clientele is usually an older crowd than found in other Greenville bars. And they're probably a more interesting crowd, too, offering stories and compliments and a chance to dance. Yes, I've seen many an over-the-century-mark gentleman ask a just-hit-21-year-old dance. Not in a creepy way, but in a polite, let's enjoy together this Ray Charles song playing on the jukebox way. The bar only sells beer and wine. You can bring in your own liquor and purchase a set-up (e.g., Cola, tonic, OJ, etc.).  Also, the bar is cash only. I repeat: Cash Only.
<review# 2202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2008,8/17/2008,255,323,10,10,7>On my quest for the best burger EVAH, I swayed a group from work to hit the Angry Dog today.  Our advantage is that we were taking a ridiculously late lunch (2:30pm), so getting a table wasn't a problem at all.I had the Burger (of course), medium, with mayo + mustard, Swiss Cheese, avocado, & bacon.When my burger came out, no avocado. *Sigh*  I'm an ultra paranoid diner, so I NEVER ask for something out of the kitchen if there's an error.  "You want avocado, sir?  I'll give YOU avocado" and then he promptly runs it through the crack of his ass.  No thanks, I'll suck it up.The burger was awesome.  Not the best ever, but truly awesome.  The meat was done EXACTLY the way I like it--crispy and charred on the outside, nice and pink on the inside--and afterall, aren't we all pink on the inside?  The bacon was perfect--so crunchy that you have to wonder what exactly are they doing to that poor pig.I don't think I've ever had a juicier burger anywhere.  It literally dripped down onto my plate as I slowly made my way through the burger.  The thing that made my Angry Dog Burger an awesome burger and not just a good burger, was the way that the combination of the meat juice (shut up), mayo, and tangy mustard made a gooey mess of the bun.I must come back without my boss, because that whiteboard with 20+ draft beers was like a siren's song above my head.Two gripes: 1) Six people warrant an automatic grat?  Are you serious?2) Why can't you split a freakin' check?  You have a computerized ordering & billing system.  It's not like you're having to calculate the shit out on an abacus.
<review# 2203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2008,8/16/2008,127,93,2,5,4>If I died on the way home from Al Biernat's, I would have been perfectly satisfied with this meal being my last meal on Earth.  It was just that good.My mom, boyfriend, and I went to Al Biernat's for Easter Brunch.  It was a 3 course meal for about $35.  Of course, we got Mimosas, so it ended up being a little more expensive, but definitely worth it!  The first course was a choice of 2 salads (Caesar, House) or soup (Mushroom).  Both salads looked really good, but I was very happy I chose the soup!  It was to die for.Second course had lots of choices--filet mignon, prime rib, chicken cordon bleu, etc.  My choice?  Pan Seared Sea Bass over Lobster Risotto.  Everything was cooked to perfection.  As soon as you'd push your fork into the fish, perfect bite-sized pieces would just flake off.  The risotto was soooo good--creamy, perfect texture, good lobster flavor (not "fishy").  The flavors of the sea bass and risotto went really well together.My mom ordered the same thing as me (go figure), but my boyfriend got the filet mignon.  The filet obviously had great fat marbling, because it would seriously melt in your mouth.  What I love about a great steak restaurant is that when you say "Medium Rare," your steak is perfectly medium rare.  Not under- or over-cooked.  His filet came with garlic mashed potatoes and sauteed veggies which are harder to mess up, but still impressive.And last but certainly not least, dessert.  My mom and I got the chocolate bourbon pecan pie (not sure if that is the actual name) and my boyfriend got the key lime pie.  I was pretty much in a fat stouper by this time, but the desserts were still excellent.
<review# 2204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2008,8/15/2008,636,638,5,8,5>Truly a book lovers paradise! They have a ton of books on a ton of subjects ranging from new to used. The prices are very competitive & they have a great clearance section! They buy back books so if they get a ton of one book in particular they mark it down to a dollar or so. This works out because a lot of the popular books that everyone runs out and buys are here pretty cheap later on. I was very impressed with the Womens Studies, GLBT, and sexology section they were very comprehensive.  They also have records, movies, magazines and a lovely cafe I didn't get a chance to check out. I would love to give this place 5 stars...I really world! However I came looking for a new release and they didn't have it! I asked the lady to help and they don't have inventory on the computer so you you're just on your own. She gave me a few pointers on where it "might" be, I never found it. If you're looking for something specific you might have to hit up borders but if you're on the market to find a few good books this is the place for you.
<review# 2205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2008,8/14/2008,4,52,6,9,9>HOLY HELL IN A FRUITBASKET!!!!!  THIS PLACE ROCKS!!!!  If you are a cheese lover like I am (I think I am part rat or some kind of cheese-devouring rodent) then you need to make youself known there.  So many cheeses to choose from and so little time.  This outing I chose the Texas Goat cheese with herbs and the Pesto Mozzarella roll.  The goat cheese was great-tangy, soft, and the herbs added the just amount of kick that one needs.  The pesto mozzarella roll was ok-too much pesto in my opinion.  And whats even better about this place is that they can do orders online.  Go to mozzco.com or if you are downtown then pay'em a visit.
<review# 2206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2008,8/13/2008,199,332,9,10,11>I admit that I am tragically unhip. I understand that this place was all that and a bag of chips in the day, for shizzle, but may not be today's NKOTB of hangouts but I freakin loved it.Hmmm, $5 specialty martinis that are a $1 cheaper during happy hour with mucho flavor-os. Check! A great 80s soundtrack in the background (Cure, Bryan Ferry, The Alarm.....actually sounds like a mixed tape I made  the day before yesterday to try out my new cassette deck. Yep, finally had to ditch the 8-track but I digress). Check! Good mix of people! Check! Attentive waitress! Check. The perfect storm of alcohol, tuneage and vibe. Oh yeah, I totally dug the trippy retro vibe. It was far out, man.Seriously, I would go back any time. Actually, right now sounds like a total plan. Maybe they'll play some Brian Setzer while I sip my Key Lime Martini. That neo-swing music is still in, right? At least I'm cool and with the times for loving that!
<review# 2207,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2008,8/12/2008,5,9,3,9,4>This Mobile Four Star Award winner holds a special place in my heart.  We had our wedding reception in the private dining rooms of Nana in 2005 and needless to say, we could not have been more pleased.  The stunning views of Dallas aside, this fine dining establishment makes a romantic evening out - from cocktails in their cool lit bar to the well timed and well executed service all throughout your meal.  Chef Anthony Bombaci, from his tenure in Spain, has added eclectic menu items such as foams, wasabi ice cream with tuna tartare (I squirmed too until I dove in to one of these babies and it was unique yet heavenly), and jamon serrano which is a rare treat in beef obsessed Dallas.  The requisite fine dining fare is still there, goodies such as filet of prime beef, Hudson Valley foie gras and sea bass.  Nana definitely stands out to me as old school fine dining which is a welcomed respite away from the new "hoity toity" see and be seen dens where desperate cougars roam, new freakishly blonde and boobied SMU grads practice the game of hustling old men and greasy thousandaires wreaking havoc with their offers of a "draaaank" in their scarcely furnished Uptown apartment.  (Paging Nove!)  This place is perfect for a wonderful and true dining experience.  Leave the 90210 bar scene in Victory Park and leave true gourmands to feast at Nana.
<review# 2208,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,8/11/2008,19,20,2,9,3>Hibiscus is a damn fine dining experience from beginning to end.  I felt very comfortable there, which was a pleasant surprise.  To be honest - and my dining companion even told them this - we expected it to be stuffy.  Not. at. all.  We started with the baked dungeness crab dip which was just lovely.  Crabby, cheesy, and delicious.  The crackers were crisp and perfect.  I had the lobster bisque, which was the only part of the meal that I probably would not repeat.  It was good, but not outstanding.  I had the tenderloin which I could have cut with a butter knife.  Delicious, though I should have gotten it cooked medium well rather than medium ( I know, I know!) because it was a tad red for me, but still a fine meaty specimen.  We had the Pt. Reyes blue cheese potatoes which were great.  I wanted to try to try the macaroni and cheese instead, but my friend loathes macaroni and cheese, something I learned about him during this dinner.  Horrors!  Our waiter brought it to me anyway because, "You have to try it!"  I loved that he did this, and I loved the mac and cheese.  At some point during this crazy food fest I had a hibiscus martini.  I think it was somewhere near the beginning.  There was a hibiscus floating in the glass, which was so cute.  Cuteness is really what I go by when ordering a drink.  Oh yeah, it tasted really great too.  Last but not least, we had the chocolate cake which was about as big as my head.  With 2 of us trying our darndest, we barely made a dent in that thing, and the rest of it went home.  It was wonderful chocolate cake, and I know my chocolate cake.  The perfect ending.Yay, Hibiscus.  You rock.
<review# 2209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,8/9/2008,419,123,16,7,7>Great service, WONDERFUL decor (the 5 Lombardi trophies frankly go with anything), and, other than the moments of absolute frustration that make me want to cut a deal with USC and trade everyone on this team for everyone on theirs, you're frankly the best in town.It's tough when you have so much to live up to. When you've been so good for so long, and then you start getting bad reviews, you hire some bad management, your prices keep rising, and your product starts diminishing . . . it's tough. Then you make some good moves, you hire the right people. some things fall into place, and next thing you know, you're on top of the world!I forgive you for the Giants loss yesterday.I forgive Romo for the Jessica thing.I forgive Greg Ellis for faking an injury until his contract was renegotiated.I forgive Wade Phillips for not putting A LITTLE pressure on the team in December.I forgive Garrett and Sporano for doing interviews instead of game planning.I forgive Jerry Jones for going to Arlington with the new stadium.I forgive TO for playing hurt.I forgive Flozel for the false start.I forgive Flozel for the false start.I forgive Colombo for the false start.I forgive Gurode for not being able to snap the ball in the shotgun.I forgive Ware for being offsides.I forgive the coaching staff for changing the entire offensive scheme.I forgive Marion Barber for being too tired in the 4th Quarter to make a block.I forgive the team for thinking that they were going to the Super Bowl and forgetting they had 2 games to win before that.I forgive the defense.I forgive the offense.However,I do not forgive Roy Williams.I do not forgive Patrick Crayton.I do not forgive the special teams.We'll be back. Hopefully with a decent 3rd cornerback, a good replacement for Julius, and a GOOD young receiver that can learn from Glenn and TO before they file for social security (that's not that doucebag Crayton).I will always cheer for you. Always. Just take a deep breathe, take a step back, trade Patrick Crayton and Roy Williams for a 7th Round pick, and let's get 'em next year.GO BOYS!!!!
<review# 2210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2008,8/7/2008,168,337,5,33,14>Tucked away in a drab building on an unassuming back road off the highway, Sara Bakery is a hidden trove of Middle Eastern, Mediterranean, African and Indian delights!From the esoteric to the everyday, Sara Bakery is consistently delicious and cheap. For example: the dark, briny olives that I am completely addicted to are about $2, instead of $9 at Central Market. Other highlights of the Sara Bakery Experience are: hibiscus juice, halvah (a sesame candy), za'atar (a Middle Eastern hyssop/sesame/salt spice blend), olive oil, and fresh-baked flatbread and injera (flat, sour Ethiopian bread). Sara Bakery also sells frozen side dishes, halal meats and hard-to-find ingredients like Turkish Mastic.My mouth is watering just from the memory. Dallas-ites, if you've never made it to Sara Bakery, you've never lived.
<review# 2211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,8/6/2008,47,40,2,9,5>I recently visited Kosta's for the hundredth time or so and was so well treated by Kosta and his staff that I felt ultimately compelled to Yelp out a review for this nice old fellrt.  Hailing from Albania I think, his greek food is some of the best I've found in the neighborhood.  He grew up on the border of Albania and Greece but his food is purely greek, the spanakopita rich with salty feta cheese, full of fresh spinach sandwiched between thick layers of light, flaky phyllo bread.  The lamb souvlaki is divine, the lamb without a hint of gaminess and the vegetables grilled to perfection, the lamb chops are even better.  His selection of greek wines is limited but sufficient to match whatever you might choose to eat and the staff is very helpful in suggesting what might or might not go with what you're eating when it comes to picking the perfect wine to accompany your meal.  Kosta's is also very cozy and quaint.  A perfect place for a romantic dinner with a friend or loved one and the prices are not so bad as well.  I would suggest trying an assortment of appetizers to get a full appreciation of what Kosta has to offer, try the dolmas, the saganaki(Opa!), the spanakopita, the hummus.  Not sure if they feature a mazza platter or not.  Not being much of a fan of the pastitso, being that it tastes like lasagne covered in bechamel, I'd venture to say you might pass on that entree.  The avgolemono soup is delectable as well and on my last visit, Kosta treated me to three glasses of wine and a wonderful warm custard desserted encased in Phyllo, can't for the life of me remember me the name but it was all on the house and much appreciated as such.  Please visit Kosta, not that he needs the business, the place is always packed, but for the wonderful food, service and incredibly pleasurable dining experience.
<review# 2212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,8/4/2008,161,277,2,5,2>Ah, the Dallas China "town" wouldn't be the same if it weren't for Xiao Mei.  Cheap food, grundgy decor (which is half the appeal, mind you - nothing says authentic Taiwan like getting down and gritty) and fast service makes it a pretty awesome place to just grab a quick bite.  It gets pretty busy on the weekends, which is mostly when the Dallas Chinese community has time to congregate to the local shops like buffalo to the watering hole.Get the shredded chicken rice.  Seriously.  It's greasy and oh so tasty, and seriously worthwhile.  If you've never had stinky tofu, you might as well get it here where it's authentic and just as stinky as it should be when served halfway across the world.Except you don't get it on a stick and you can't squat down on the side of the street - the TRUE way to eat stinky tofu.  Though, I guess you could if you bring your own sticks and take it outside.I think the boba tea here is aiite, probably worthwhile to go somewhere else for that - but like everything else on the menu, it's cheap.
<review# 2213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2008,8/3/2008,236,423,,6,5>This is barbeque as it should be. This particular RH&B location looks a little pathetic from the outside, but all is righted once you're in the door. The place is filled with decor from the blues age and classic western gear. It's fun. You must start with sweet iced tea, which will be served to you in your own invidual PITCHER. That's right. That's when you know this meal will be good. And it is. My husband got the ribs, which he devoured. His hush puppies were awesome. I loved my pulled pork sandwhich, which I requested with the coleslaw on the side (usually it's on the sandwich, Memphis style). The potato salad was delicious. There are multiple barbeque sauces available... mild, medium, hot, and sweet. I'm told that the hot sauce is actually very hot, and I enjoyed the mild. All in all, fantastic and affordable!
<review# 2214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2008,8/2/2008,18,149,3,7,6>We need a Spiral Diner on every corner instead of that coffee shop that will remain nameless and currently resides on 90% of America's corners.Spiral Diner is a Vegan treat for anyone who appreciates good, tasty food and isn't afraid. Yes they use tofu and tempeh and all sorts of other ingredients you're likely not be familiar with unless you're vegetarian/vegan. But it's not about the replacements here, it's about the flavor. And as if good food weren't enough, SD is good for the environment too. They use fair trade ingredients when available and are into recycling and using green cleaners, etc. Next time you're in the Oakcliff neighborhood swing by, you won't regret it. If you usually walk away with a to-go box, do your part and take a Tupperware. And whatever you do, don't leave without trying a dessert. They are amazing... yes I've had them all.  ;-)
<review# 2215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2008,8/1/2008,22,100,,9,6>If you want the short answer, here it goes: Go eat here.  Get something that invovles their fresh flour tortillas, and enjoy.  I lived in Dallas for over 3 years, and they were the best I ever had.The only people that have ever had anything negative to say about Pepe and Mitos are people who go away from their specialties and eat at the bar trying to rush in a quick lunch.  Good food is not meant to be rushed!Their margaritas are solid.  They serve a fairly spicey salsa with corn tortilla chips and have a top notch queso (which I like to add spinach to).  Get those torillas involved right away!  They go great with queso, or even just with the salsa.The enchilladas and tamales were things I occasionally ventured into for the sake of changes (when I lived in Dallas I ate here almost weekly) and I was always happy with them, but my true love was the chicken fajitas.  I have recomended these to over a dozen friends and they all raved about them!The servers have always been helpful and friendly.  They don't rush your meals if you make it clear that you want to take you time.  The prices are reasonable as well.Pepe and Mitos is a hidden Dallas gem.  In a part of town that Dallas forgot about a few years back, they are serving some of the best Mexican food around.  Whenever my wife and I travel back to Dallas for anything, this place is a must stop!
<review# 2216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2008,7/31/2008,78,64,28,12,11>When I day dream, I often imagine myself pulling into Javier's Gourmet Mexicano on a Saturday night in my canary yellow Ferrari, with my barely legal girlfriend Crystal Beth, who has low self-esteem and Daddy issues. I throw my keys to the Valet who always has a space for me right out front. As I'm walking into the door, someone yells "You better be taking care of my car!" And I replay, "Whenever you're ready to take over the payments, it's all yours!" Then we laugh.The Hostess has a my table waiting for me I palm her a hundred dollar bill and say something cool like "Baby you got something all over your face and it looks like a whole lot of pretty."  As I'm taken directly to my table, I confidently walk by all the other guests who've been waiting patiently and say to the hostess "Princess do me a favor and get these fine people a round of margaritas and put'em on my tab." And they all cheer! "Yeah Andy!"As we walked to through the dinning room I say my "hellos" and "You look greats." to all the hip and happening people. I make a few golf dates and confirm my availability for my lecture series "Why It's So Great To Be Me and How I Do It". (now on a three disc CD) Once we are seated and the menu is presented to me, the room goes quiet. This is when I order Crystal Beth's and my dinner in one breath. "Grab a hold brother I don't like repeating myself! We'll start off with the Smoked Chicken Nachos and Cevichie follow that with a bowl of  Caldo Xochitl two spoons, wait ten minutes then bring us the Shrimp Salad and don't hold back on the shrimp, wait ten more minutes and drop off one order of your Carne Asada A La Tampiquna, your Red Snapper Mojo De Ajo and Pechuga De Pollo De A La Mexicana (pointing to a random table)  bring that table over there two orders of the Garlic Shrimp Guaymas and whatever that table wants. (pointing to another random table.) Then wrap up some Tres Leches Cake, but we only want dos leches and Flan Al Kahlua to-go cause Crystal Beth's blood sugar drops after a night of love making with her man, Ole`!" Then the place goes wild, people start to change their orders, women break up with their men, children beg for me to adopt them, priests and rabbi's denounce their God, its really quite embarrassing. So I make my way to the cigar room where all my boys have been waiting, Chippi my personal cigar roller runs up to me and hands me a box of my signature one of a kind cigars called "Que Es un Cigarro Enorme, Usted Podra Poner a Alguien Ojo Hacia Fuera Con Esa Cosa" which should translate to English as "That is a huge cigar, you could put someone's eye out with that thing" if the translate button on Microsoft Office really works. What makes my cigars so special is that not only do they look like the over sized gag cigars you used to be able to get at Six Flags but there's one in every box that been loaded with a mild explosive and whoever's cigar explodes in their face has to pick up the bar tab in the cigar room.  So now I'm enjoying a after dinner smoke with the boys, telling'em tales about how I once saved a tribe of cannibalistic pigmies from another tribe of cannibalistic pigmies who have almost eaten each other into extinction by introducing them to another pigmy tribe that are not only not cannibalistic  but fatter. Then Crystal Beth reminds me that she has cheerleading practice in the morning and I don't want to get a nagging phone call from Jerry Jones, again, so we go home.Then I wake up.The food at Javier's is great, this isn't a Tex-Mex or El Fenix joint you have to get all dolled and duded up. You're going to drop some change in here, but its well worth it.
<review# 2217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2008,7/30/2008,23,41,4,8,9>The name of this place caught my eye as I was driving by because it made me think of Victoria's Secret. (I guess connecting chocolate with lingerie is not too far of a stretch.) So I decided to go in and check it out. As you walk into Chocolate Secrets, it kinda looks like a boutique with a heavenly, glowing candy case in the middle of it. Though there is no lingerie in this boutique, they do sell all kinds of other things: candles, picture frames, wines, boxed chocolates (domestic and imported) and a variety of other items. At first I didn't even notice these items because I was so drawn to the chocolate aroma coming from the case. There was a woman working behind the counter, whom I assume is the owner, that has a vast knowledge of every single piece of chocolate. She explained the delicate process that was taken to create each perfect bite of chocolate and which wine would best compliment each chocolate. My suggestion is to ask the employees questions - they know their stuff!I was feeling overwhelmed and couldn't make a choice. She handed me a menu and I looked it over carefully. One candy case is displayed on one side of the menu and it has all French imported chocolates and their descriptions. One candy case is displayed on the other side of the menu and it has all the locally made chocolates. The French candies are about $3.50 a piece and they are small. So this is a very indulgent and refined treat, but it's delicious! I had a dark chocolate truffle that had edible gold! The local candies are much larger and cost about $2.50 a piece. Also very indulgent but so, so good! I had a dark chocolate coconut truffle that was simply decadent. Not gonna lie, I felt very snobby and a little foolish for spending about 7 bucks on 2 pieces of candy. But in this place, you get what you pay for. This is no Almond Joy at 7-Eleven. This is the real deal - hand made and with the freshest ingredients. On a special occasion this place is a great choice but, because of the expense, I wouldn't make it a regular choice.
<review# 2218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2008,7/29/2008,139,83,16,7,9>Let's take a brief trip through the history of civilization.  2000 BC:  The Egyptians are at the peak of human technology and culture.0 BC:  Current God is invented1492 AD: Columbus sailed the ocean blue1776 AD: Our colony rebels against the biggest empire in the world  -- vows never to let any other country do what we did.  1996 AD: Eatzi's is invented.  Humanity marvels at how far it has come.What a novel concept -- a restaurant that thinks it's a grocery store.  Gourmet food items are available by the pound for you to take home so that you can avoid the worst part about restaurants -- all those pesky strangers sitting around you.  Of course, there will be pesky strangers here too -- in fact, it's usually pretty crowded -- but at least you can dine in the privacy of your studio apartment while watching Aqua Teen Hunger Force and surfing the Myspace.  Just another fun Friday night for you!  My favorite items are as follows.  First and foremost, no visit to Eatzi's is complete without stocking up on their shrimp salad.  They keep it right up front because I'm sure it's a favorite with everybody.  I love their mashed potatoes over by their grill -- as well as their mac n cheese.  Any meat you get there will be top notch -- meatloaf, turkey, Mediterranean-style filet or salmon.  Sure, it all needs reheating (except in the grill section, where everything is served piping hot), but trust me, it's better than what YOU would cook, ya Ramen Noodle-eating bastard.They have a tasty assortment of dips, crackers and cheeses, as well as a nice selection of good quality, affordable wines (between $10 and $30).  I agree with my sister's review on Eatzi's (Stephanie S. in Austin) -- the hummus is amazing.  There isn't a better hummus to be had in Dallas.    At any given point you can sample just about anything.  All you have to do is ask!They have ready-to-cook entrees as well if you can't deal with reheating (or just eating cold like I do).  Also in that section is fresh sushi -- but it's not anything special.  On the right side of the store there is a fresh produce section where I find the best fruits and berries this town has to offer.  They also have unpasteurized fresh OJ, which is a must for me.Eatzi's is also a great place to stop on your way to a date.  They have nice, fresh flowers and those little half bottles of wine that say,  "Hey I might be trying to get you drunk enough to sleep with me, but at least you'll remember the choice you made in the morning."You are SUCH a gentleman.  It's also a fun place to come ON a date.  It shows a young lady that your palette knows more about dining than just the late-night menu at Wendy's, and that you're affluent enough to spend a small electricity bill's worth of money on a small basket of items -- plus wine.  And ultimately, that is the only downside.  Eatzi's can get pretty expensive.  Sure, you can shop smart and probably walk out with a basket full of things for under $50, but I find it hard to leave there without spending almost $100.  Don't believe their hype about eating gourmet without spending restaurant prices.  They will get you one way or the other.  BOTTOM LINE:I'm there every week, maybe twice a week.  It's my biggest guilty pleasure and I love every minute of it.  5 stars and a place on my "best of."
<review# 2219,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/10/2008,7/28/2008,18,23,7,12,4>Purgatory is what it is. And that's basically an orgy minus the actual sex part. If you are really in the mood to go dancing, it can satisfy that need, but if you have any personal space issues whatsoever, it isn't going to be the place for you. Expect to be groped on the dance floor.The Heaven-Purgatory-Hell separation is a cool concept, and it's funny to be able to message someone in your group, "Where are you? I'm in Hell." But I ran into trouble when I tried to return to the level my tab was on to order another drink; it was so packed that they weren't letting anyone else in until some others left. I don't like being kept from my alcohol, especially when I'm paying someone to give it to me. But I do understand that they have to do it for safety reasons, and I'm fine with that. It was just unexpected, and it's something to keep in mind if you go.As far as the clientele...well, I'm going to go by the "If you can't say anything nice..." rule here. Let's just say the jokes write themselves. I did go on the Thursday college night, so that may have skewed the crowd a little bit, but I have a feeling the Friday and Saturday bunch wouldn't be too much different.I actually said to my friend when we were there, "I wonder how many of these people are here with the intention of finding someone to have sex with tonight." I'm sure it was a pretty high percentage.Purgatory is the opposite of classy, and it feels like more of a meat market than pretty much anywhere else I've visited, but the music is actually pretty good, and if you're in just the right mood, it could help you blow off some steam. If you can come home with a hilarious story or two, all the better. Go with a group.
<review# 2220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2008,7/27/2008,322,339,13,13,12>Remember that scene in "Trainspotting" when Mark Renten runs into the pub and then goes into "The Worst Toilet in Scotland"? Yeah, that's the toilet situation at The Dubliner. It doesn't detract from the rating I gave The Dubliner though, and actually, I think the toilet situation at The Dub adds to the pub's overall ambiance and appeal. The Dubliner is an Irish pub. In the fashion of a typical Irish pub, the interior is made of dark wood, the lights are dim, it's smoky, and its walls contain the tattooed, the pierced, and a smattering of foreigners. The Dubliner is a little rough around the edges and it likes it that way. The single toilet per bathroom and the 2 inches of pond scum on the men's bathroom floor are not only appropriate for an Irish pub, but it also serves to keep out the pretentious. It's like those bathrooms put up a force field, or cloak The Dubliner in invisibility, so that douche-bags and gold-diggers cannot get into the pub. I hope they never add on toilets or get good plumbing. Those toilets are here to protect us. The Dubliner has a fabulous selection of beer and single malt whiskey, and the food is pretty good too. The Irish aren't known for their cuisine, but it's good grub at The Dub. The cheese board is scrumptious, as is the veggie sandwich and the Rueben.  This is also a good place to get adventurous with your booze: try the Czechvar from the Czech Republic, the Dry Blackthorn Cider, or get a wee dram of The Taliskar and experience the smoky, peaty, taste of the Scottish Islands. You could always have an Irish whiskey instead, but I guarantee that stuff is accountable for 75% of the vomit in the men's room. If you are overwhelmed by the selections of booze, ask the bartenders to help you pick something. They are not only knowledgeable about their hooch, but they are friendly as well. The Dubliner shows Football (soccer) games from The UEFA Cup and The World Cup, and they show Celtic games from the Scottish Premier League and some of the English Premiere League's games.  This is one of the better venues to watch soccer/football in, as the foreigners there will chant and get drunk and cuss at the players on TV. They make the experience all the more fun.
<review# 2221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2008,7/26/2008,621,968,5,8,6>Tokyo One is the place you go when you want to have sushi and a LOT of it for not a lot of money.  The first time I went here I was completely gobsmacked with the huge sushi buffet. You can seriously load up on the sashimi here, they have quite a few types.  They also have hot food, but generally I try and stay away from it so I can eat more sushi and sashimi.  The desserts I'd recommend staying away from...they have never seemed to have a lot of taste and sometimes look almost plastic hehe  They have the green tea ice cream if you ask for it, it isn't too bad.  AND they have the Japanese import beers and saki to wash down your food with.  It is enormous inside, so you usually don't have to wait long.  I know a sushi buffet sounds kind of scary to some people, but I have never gotten sick after eating here...except that sick, too stuffed feeling...but that's different hehe
<review# 2222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2008,7/25/2008,253,336,5,8,13>Greg C. said it best - Station 4 is the category killer.  It is simply impossible to compete with the behemoth that is Caven Entertainment's flagship.  I mean, just, incredibly astounding.  This place is huge - warehouse sized.  I would guess in excess of 40,000 square feet if I had to.The dance floor is huge, surrounded by railings for the gawkers and gropers and drunks, with bars EVERYWHERE.  A huge outdoor patio, separate upstairs bars that overlook the dance floor, even a non-smoking "chill" room with its own bar for those so inclined.The Rose Room is the real gem of S4, despite what people think.  A full size stage with it's own (closed off) room to block out the sounds of the club, a series of incredible performers on a regular basis, and OH so much fun.Stocked with tons and tons and tons of gorgeous, half-naked boys, S4 is definitely the hangout of choice of the younger crowd (and those that like them).  No one thinks that Dallas will beat down San Francisco, or the more liberal Austin, or the much more famous New York City, but it does, and soundly, with one club.You want Babylon from Queer as Folk?  You want gay clubs like you see on specials about Ibiza and Prague?  Station 4 is it, and I promise you one thing:You.  Will.  Love.  It.
<review# 2223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2008,7/24/2008,112,141,11,13,10>I am always a sucker for those "best of" list and after finding out that we have one of the best tacos in the country I had to venture out to Fuel City.  Fuel City reminded me of an oasis in the middle of the desert.  Tons of people fueling up, grabbing a snack, and most of all getting tacos.  It seems like a last stop for either people going to jail (because its right by the jail) or people getting a 6pack and a taco before they head home from work.  It can be intimidating being the only gringo around, but sometimes you have to step up to the plate to find delicious morsels of goodness.  Fuel City itself is a sight to see.  A huge gas station with a cornucopia of beverages, snacks, and most of all the taco stand embedded in the back of the stop.  These days with gas prices and food prices sky rocketing its hard to find something as cheap and as good as what is served at taco city.  For 1.16 you can sample one of the best tacos in the country.   They have an assortment of 5 different tacos; Beef and chicken fajita, barbacoa, carnitas, picadillo.  The picadillo, a mix of ground beef, potatoes, and onions, is supposedly the top taco and after tasting it the honor is much deserved.  The carnitas were also special.  The crispy but yet tender pieces of pork screamed flavor with every bite.  The tacos are usually served with a green sauce,  red sauce, and lime.  They do provide some great flavor to the tacos, but are not needed.    I was watching the woman make my tacos in their small cramped space and it was super clean and seamless system.  It also looked like they had a brand new flat top and cooler area, so suspicion of uncleanliness were laid to rest.  I have had a past with the dirty taco stands from around the country, mostly the "roach coaches" of Northern California.  I always thought that the tacos from those portable salmonella trucks were great and the best you can find until I sampled fuel city's genius.  On a side note there is a women outside in a small stand selling elotes (roasted corn in a cup) for 2.50!  She piles it high with delicious corn, mayo, butter, hot sauce, lemon pepper, and cayenne.  The mix of fats and acids provide a blend of flavor that can only be produced by the love and respect she puts into each one of her cups.  Soooo, if your feeling adventurous, looking for a tasty cheap treat, or stopping by the prison for a conjugal visit, don't pass up the tacos at fuel city.
<review# 2224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2008,7/23/2008,11,9,6,11,10>Boy oh boy have I died and gone to heaven? That was exactly how I felt after the finger-lickin' meal I had at Hattie's. Always a lover of all things fried, I am always in search of an authentic soul/southern food experience and I think I have finally hit the jackpot with Hattie's. My boyfriend and I woke up this morning with a brunch hankering for fried chicken, fried green tomatoes, fried anything really. Let me clarify, while Hattie's does not shy away from the use of a deep fat fryer, nothing we ate was overly greasy. Rather, I would venture to say that both my fried green tomato sandwich, my boyfriend's fried chicken and waffles, and my bacon wrapped fried oysters were all crisped and seasoned to perfection. When I say perfection, I am talking the kind where you have to close your eyes and hold your breath it tastes so good. Being the foodies we are, my boyfriend and I ordered all of the aforementioned food as well as a cup of the tomato soup that came with the cutest little grilled cheese sandwich you ever did see. The soup was creamy, flavorful, and delicious, although my boyfriend agreed with me when I said that our grilled cheese was one of the tastiest I have ever had, but not hot enough. I wanted to bite into it and pull strings of melty, smoked cheddar from my mouth, but the sandwich wasn't hot enough to do so. All in all, I would say this dining experience was one of my favorite in all of Dallas. Located in the quaint Bishop Arts District, Hattie's is a great choice for an exceptional, affordable Southern meal!! I only wish I lived here so I could enjoy this meal over and over again.
<review# 2225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2008,7/21/2008,96,16,8,13,11>So I came to this restaurant after hanging out with a friend who lives in the Bryan Place neighborhood.  Now he's a Mexican boy from Odessa who doesn't like to eat anything "weird."  Yeah, well there was no way in hell that I was gonna force down another Mexican dinner.  Don't get me wrong, it is good cuisine when done right but I can only stomach so much meat fried in fat and covered in cheese.  I ain't hatin'.  I'm jus sayin'.  But anyway, I was hungry so I put my foot down.  He begrudgingly drove me to this restaurant.Now it isn't much to behold and gentrification is barely getting to the area.  The name of the restaurant made me chuckle, though.  I mean, a Vietnamese restaurant named "Vietnam Restaurant".  Could you get anymore succinct?  I think not.  We walked in and this definitely is not some glitzy made-up and botoxed Uptown joint for sure.  The decor was spartan, and you could definitely tell that this was a mom-and-pop operation.  Now, one somewhat unrelated detail was the daughter the owner was dressed in her Girl Scout uniform and offering patrons who came in some cookies.  Genius because not only was she really cute (Can you say no to a cute little girl?  Only if you have no soul.), we were already hungry.  We got about $20 worth of cookies each.  That little girl cleaned out.  So we sat down, and I opened up the menu.  Was I surprised that everything was really cheap.  Yes.  I'm a poor teacher so saving money is always on the forefront of all my public outings.  There were all your usual Vietnamese tasty treats, and they were all, and I mean all, under $12.  I ended up getting duck with vegetables on rice.  I'm one hot Japanese-Bolivian, and in my culture, you absolutely cannot have a meal without an animal protein, vegetables, and rice so I knew this would hit the spot.  Was I surprised that for $10.99 I got one HUGE plate of rice with a myriad of vegetables and tender duck meat.  Man, can those Asians really cook duck.  Not even my hot North African-Bolivian grandmother can come close.  Not at all.  Sorry abuelita.  And of course I wasn't able to finish.  I kind of eat like a bird so I had to take it home.   Did I ever get my money's worth.  Two freaking meals.Now this wasn't some posh out of this world dining experience.  Unless you're in the neighborhood, I don't see that you should rush all the way to Bryan Place for this restaurant.  But it was good food for a cheap price so I'm definitely a fan.  Being a proper Yelper requires you to eat like there is no tomorrow, but you don't want to break the bank.  And who am I kidding, I'm never getting Elite status so that is not the reason I explore these places.  I just like food.  And when I find something worth Yelping about, I type.  So if you're in the area and craving Vietnamese, come here and help out mom and pop.  Who knows, you might get Girl Scout cookies while you're at it.
<review# 2226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2008,7/19/2008,251,161,3,6,3>Al Amir is a great place to have dinner & dance the night away with your friends.I should know I had my birthday party here & it was great!Sometimes the service gets a bit slow but its understandable cause the place is usually packed.Everyone I hang out with there ends up loving the food. I have had the garlic chicken & kabobs and I think I'm going to stick with the kabobs although the chicken was tasty.There is also vegetarian fare if you are so inclined.The most cost effective thing to do is to purchase the bottle if you want to sample the wine.The atmosphere is fun and genuine.  There are no pretentious people here.People are there simply to have a good time so you can dress up if you want to but its really cause you feel like it not just for trying to be ostentatious for the sake of it.I really come here to dance because they always have the music pumping, the people on the dance floor are cool and the d.j. changes up the music enough so you get a very international mix to groove to.
<review# 2227,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/24/2008,7/18/2008,15,17,5,10,6>This place must celebrate Valentine's Day every day of the year (gag).  I was actually embarrassed to be looking at the website at work since its so pink and has hearts all over it.This was the first place I stepped into when looking for a ring.  For me, it was just significant that I had gone into a store.  It had a weird beginning, since when I was greeted at the door, I said, "this is my first stop into any jewelry store and I'm beginning to look for an engagement ring.  I'm not buying today, so your goal is just to get me to come back."  I was sort of joking, but I understand that sales is a process.  The sales guys response was "Whoa, way to pile on the pressure!" or something like that.  Pressure?  Really?  It seems it would be a much easier "sale" to just not drive me away forever than to get me to drop several grand.  With a furrowed brow, I thought "dude, if you can't get me to come back a second time, how do you expect to sell me a diamond?"  I'm sure he just didn't get what I was saying, but I cringe a bit at stupidity.Anyway, here are the good and bad:LOVE: they have a good selection of diamonds in-house.  This was evident by the fact that I was not looking for a diamond that was an even carat or on the quarter-carat -- which other places like BB&B only carry.LOVE: they appear to have a good selection of rings.  The store is very large.  Although, I didn't look for too long at all the rings, i know now that they do carry the designer that I ultimately went with.  So that's good enough to give them high marks for selection.HMM:  I'm not so sure about prices.  If I remember the diamonds that I looked at and the prices, I believe they are even more expensive than BB&B.  Then again, I may have just been looking at diamonds with a better clarity grade -- which would put them on par with BB&B.NO LIKEY:  The touted differentiator of Robbins Bros is that they help with the proposal.  That's all fine and dandy if that's what you want.  But if not (i didn't need any help from people that don't know me and Rachel), it can be a little invasive.  Any point where we were waiting or there was just a silence, the sales guy would start asking questions about Rachel or us as a couple or how I was planning on proposing.  Mind you, to me, this was an important moment because it was my first step into a jewelry store!  I didn't have a plan yet.  I didn't even know how long it would take to get a ring.  But some people can ask those questions and come off sincere.  With this guy, it was very forced.  It almost felt like when people playing poker try to talk to their opponents -- like they're trying to draw attention away from playing and keep them distracted.  Anyway, I didn't like it, and all this offering to help with the proposal just felt like unsolicited advice.HATED:  I had been researching diamonds on the internet before I went in, so i had a decent idea of what I was looking for.  After discussing that with the sales guy, he left to go get some diamonds to show me.  He was gone for maybe 10 minutes and came back with diamonds that were not what I had said i was looking for.  That can be acceptable but you have to at least explain why you're doing that if you're the sales guy.  He didn't really help me to understand what to look for in the diamonds, and they were all so close to being the same, that it really didn't even matter if i looked at all of them or not.  Later salesmen (at different companies), would show me diamonds of varying qualities, give me the eyeglass, and tell me what to look for so I could see and know the difference.  Ultimately, this guy just felt like a car salesman -- and too many times have I been sold a car where the A/C didn't work because I didn't think to ask THAT question  (honestly, that only happened once, but once is too many).
<review# 2228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2008,7/17/2008,737,315,3,6,5>Yeah! yeah! Let's go there!I lurrrrve me some Meridian Room. With it's chill vibe, great selection of hard-to-find beers and holy-shhh-this-is-good food, this place ranks as one of my faves. The bar sits in a coolio part of town called Exposition Park. Open the doors to find a dim-lit funky space complete with artsy walls and maybe even some artsy peeps. Please come when you are hungry. If you're not hungry, fake it. Wednesdays are the best for food when they offer 1/2 off specials. The hummus is good to start out with, but save space for the killer Turkey Brie sandwich made with apple slices. The cheese platter will also make you do the happy dance. As for brews, Meridian offers a variety of drafts to choose from including Chimay White, Ace Pear Cider and of course Guinness. They have the usual suspects and Stella Artois to boot. So before you hit up Bar of Soap or the Amsterdam Bar, stop by Meridian for their yummy mix of dranks and food. If you're out on Greenville, check out their brother/sister bar Libertine. Have the cheese plate.
<review# 2229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2008,7/16/2008,83,51,12,9,8>This store is a one-stop-shop for everyone on your gift giving list.  That is, if your list reads as below:1.  The Donald2.  Liberace3.  Elizabeth Taylor c. 19664.  Lumiere from Beauty and the BeastAfter lunch across the street, me and my lunch date (another shopper extraordinaire) spied J. Douglas Design and both wondered aloud, "Have we ever been in there?"  After a moment of thought, we agreed that we had not, and wandered in for a little browsing.  This place is full of pricey furniture and home accessories that range from beautiful to over-the-top.  Think chrome, feathers and harlequin prints set off by hardwoods, silk damask and wrought iron.  Staff was friendly, and we really had a blast poking around and asking periodically, "Who can afford this stuff?"  "What room is this thing for?" and "Seriously, won't the crystals and sequins on that neckroll cause chafing?"
<review# 2230,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2008,7/15/2008,15,22,10,9,7>This is where I go if I'm feeling like a naughty good girl. I think I just threw up typing that, but whatever.The froyo is SINLESS (or so they say, and so I choose to believe!). Fat free, flavorful, and delicious. I personally like mine plain because the texture is so smooth.DO NOT get the frozen banana. I don't know if they even still sell those but I did not enjoy mine.DO get the frozen yogurt pie. OH MY GOD is that delicious. I usually try to be sparing with my use of caps. But SERIOUSLY there is no replacement for the frozen yogurt pies at Gooey's. Baskin Robbins, you and your fattening ice cream cakes, don't even try.Everyone I know is addicted to Gooey's. The first time you visit you'll be like "What? This is nothing special". But for a week...you'll keep thinking about Gooey's...and you can't get it out of your head...then next thing you know you're trying to decide between the Snickers or gummy bear toppings (BOTH, my friend).
<review# 2231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2008,7/14/2008,43,131,3,6,4>Admittedly, I had never thought about Thai food until I met my evil twin Aimee...and then started dating my new boyfriend.  They both love it, so when he mentioned it, I decided to pick up the phone and call Aimee to get some assistance on what to order.  Unfortunately what she suggested wasn't on the menu and she forgot to mention that I could just order it...oh well, hindsight!  I actually am a little behind on my yelping so I don't remember what I had, but I do remember enjoying it!  I went with one of the suggestions that my boyfriend made.  Again, I had to take a to-go box home.  My one complaint is that it's fairly close quarters so the table next to us could hear everything we were saying...not that we were sharing confidential secrets, but I would have preferred to have our conversation a little more private.  They did do the cutest little thing with the bag my to-go box was put in...
<review# 2232,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2008,7/13/2008,52,186,3,7,9>I have this thing about decisions: I don't like to make them, especially at a restaurant. There are few things as torturous as trying to decide between the half dozen mouth-watering items on the menu as the waiter impatiently taps his pen against his notepad and your friends roll their eyes. You reluctantly decide on a dish, second guessing  it the second it comes out of your mouth. You end up enjoying the dish you chose, but you never stop wondering what those other 5 or 6 other entrees might have tasted like. This is one of the many reasons I love tapas, and Alo might just be my favorite tapas joint in Dallas.  Dishes I would recommend include: shrimp volcano, sweet plantains, peruvian potato causas (the smoked salmon were to die for), crispy shrimp tacos, and the aji de gallina, which could be my favorite thing on the menu.  I will have to go back to try the rest of the dessert offerings, but I will vouch for the pecan pie with vanilla ice cream. Our service was fantastic - our waiter made a fantastic recommendation when asked and our water glasses were never more than half empty. The spicy roasted corn nuts that started the meal were excellent and much spicier than I expected them to be. I may have to head to Alo for brunch one of these days - those sweet potato biscuits with orange butter sound incredible.
<review# 2233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2008,7/12/2008,126,176,15,8,7>Kelly: Did you have a happy birthday?Sarah: Oh man I was so smashed.  I'm glad there wasn't a band playing or I would have danced like an idiot.Kelly: Um, Sarah, there WAS a band.  And you DID dance.  Like an idiot.Sarah:  Oh, noooo.I've heard its incredibly difficult to get kicked out of Sherlocks.  You either have to be fighting or VERY very drunk.  I was VERY very drunk AND refused to stay seated.  I got kicked out.  After the embarrassment of getting the boot in front of my friends and the newly-crowned boyfriend, and after a few dozen minutes of face-to-cement upchuck action in the parking lot, I was pretty proud of this frat-boyesque accomplishment by petite, militant me.On nights when I'm NOT making an ass of myself, Sherlock's is pretty cool.  I love dancing, and the crowd on the dance floor and patio is much cooler than the sausage-festers at the bar trying to hit on anything with a miniskirt and long hair.We went this weekend with a group of 6, and all agreed that the waitress we had on the patio was in fact the BEST waitress we'd ever had at this place.  When told so, she said, "yes, I actually like to wait on my tables."  So cute.  I don't know her name, but she has chin-length small-curl hair that's red/light brownish.  She'll be the one NOT all over the table of tools.
<review# 2234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2008,7/11/2008,25,31,4,6,6>Scenario: Dinner with customers in DallasAtmosphere: modern, trendy, and funService: Hands down the best service I have received in a loooooong time! Traci, Stacey and Johnny were awesome! Our group started in the bar where they were immediately served while we waited for the rest of our party to join us. We then moved into a private area but our group was larger than I had expected. Stacey and Traci were MORE than accommodating with rearranging us in an area that would fit our group and they were fast about it. Food: The menu was innovative, fun and creative!I had the filet, I ordered it medium rare, hold the medium (I like it moo'ing) and with it being a large group my steak got to me and it was more on the medium side. I told Stacey and she immediately took it back to the kitchen and they fixed it. While I waited they brought me a small cup of black bean soup which was awesome! I got my steak in lightening speed and it was perfect. Dessert... Mmmm Cherry Pie with a twist. This was one of the most incredible desserts I have ever had; it was 2 hot cherry pies with a cherry reduction and cherry cheesecake ice cream that had chunks of graham cracker. It was freaking amazing. After dinner drinks: They did not have a full bar but they were incredibly innovative with a variety of drinks from mojito's and martini's with champagne, prosecco, wine and beer. It was extraordinary! I wish I could remember the name of what I had, but it was with beer, lime, this chili sauce and the glass had a sea salt & pepper rim. Phenomenal! It's one of the places that you wish you had in your city, the staff was friendly and warm, the food tasty and unique, the ambiance welcoming and comfortable! Local, do you know the way to San Jose?
<review# 2235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2008,7/10/2008,7,23,1,5,4>Breadwinners is a Winner!  If you are ever north of Dallas off of Hwy 75, then you must swing by Breadwinners Bakery & Cafe.  I am sometimes skeptical about places like this because, it was in a very elite type neighborhood, but the people who worked there where friendly.  The food is wonderful, but kind of pricey for a breakfast or a brunch.  Expect to get full of bread before your main courses comes out.  Please expect to wait at all times, because this place is always packed.
<review# 2236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2008,7/9/2008,518,323,6,14,13>I need to write this review before the vividness of my most beloved meal begins to fade from my memory.  First off, please try the prix-fixe as my boyfriend and I did. I must note that we arrived at 2:05 and were almost turned away.  The CP website says lunch is served until 3pm, when in reality they stop serving at 2pm.  Luckily, they didn't turn us away.  My boyfriend and I ordered the opposite thing on each course, so we were able to taste each dish.I started out with Rico Farm Greens.  This beautifully presented dish had slivers of roasted red peppers, artichoke, shaved Parmesan and bright green garlicky pesto that all complemented each other perfectly.  After admiring its presentation, the plated pesto must be incorporated into the greens, making it quite delicious.My boyfriend started out with the Ricotta Tortellini.  It was the creamiest and most luscious tortellini I've ever had in my life.  My salad was fantastic, but the tortellini, simply amazing.Seared Striped Bass was my second dish.  The fish was moist and cooked to precision.  The tiny-crisped onion rings crowned the bass scattered with mushrooms and edged with "melted" onion.  It was the perfect balance of texture and flavor.  In addition to each main entree we were told to choose a side.  I decided on wild mushrooms, which included an assortment of hen of the woods, trumpet royales, and creminis.  I've never had such delicious, bright tasting mushrooms.Charcoal Grilled Hanger Steak on naan bread was my boyfriend's second course.  On top was a micro greens mix, similar in taste to what was offered as my first course.  The steak was cooked exactly as he asked.  The combination of pillowy naan bread, tender steak, and flavorful balsamic glaze made this entree quite enjoyable.  My boyfriend had french fries on the side.  What made these fries special was the accompaniment of not only ketchup, but also a creamy barnaise sauce that boasted a light anise flavor.We each finished our meal with the waitress's recommendation:  Milk Chocolate Opera cake.  I couldn't think of a better ending to our meal.  The cake was an ideal petite portion. The layers were filled with a milk chocolate mousse like frosting.  Each bite light and airy, not too sweet, not overly rich (think of a texture similar to tiramisu).  Cocoa nib syrup could be dabbed onto the cake, along with the accompaniment of crunchy chocolate pearls.  Creamy, cool chocolate ice cream rounded off this show stopping dessert.This meal was so delicious, I would have readily paid $40.00 for it.  At only $26.00 a person, we walked out starry eyed and feeling most fulfilled.  For once I feel as if an expensive meal was worth it.  The food at Charlie Palmer's is not only aesthetically pleasing; it's extremely thoughtful food that is executed to perfection.
<review# 2237,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/2/2007,7/5/2008,22,16,5,8,12>Think everyone looks the same these days? Wonder why our wardrobes and our walls and our words all suffer from the uniform stench of mass-consumerism? Is it because we are all being told what to wear and how to decorate our apartments and which Beatles records to talk about at parties? Ephing Oprah tells us which books to read? Geez, guys.This place challenges those awkward norms. Retro Revolution encourages individuals to celebrate those characteristics that are unique to them, by way of outward expression, through clothing, cultural education and bohemian art. Aside from their rare collection of hand-blown glass pipes and imported art objects, RR features Nepalese mudcloth blankets, african sculptural pieces, clothing from Katmandu and silk skirts from Thailand. Attention Lakewood thirty-somethings: go here for all your hippie needs. They even have this detox product designed to keep both your boss and the DEA off your back. The place smells like magic and has this dreamy quality that can only be explained by gypsies, hypnotists or your crazy Aunt Mary.
<review# 2238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2007,7/4/2008,68,80,,4,4>Love this bar! A "dive" that isn't...the only place I go in Deep Ellum. Jukebox plays it all--from early punk to death metal. Lots of booths, a couple pool tables and a small patio in front, make this bar a perfect hang-out at night, but the real draw are the drinks--cheap and strong, with usually quick service. Plus, the bartenders are awesome.
<review# 2239,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2007,7/3/2008,16,10,3,7,6>This place has been around since I was a baby. At 4, as we were walking in.. I saw a large man and yelled "Hey mister fat man!" (so my father tells me..) Well, he must've been a regular! These people aren't lying about the rolls. There are NO better rolls - always hot, always fresh, with the perfect amount of garlic. The salad is AWESOME. Somebody else said they didn't like the salad.. it must've been their first time. Everyone has their own way of serving things and when you don't care for it, you ask them to modify it. They will gladly do this here. I always have the house salad with EXTRA olives (they're green ones). I've eaten plenty of things here such as their manicotti (yum!) and their lasagna. They have great stromboli (very cheesy). Everything I've had is wonderful. I have only had ONE semi-negative experience here and it was corrected. That might be partially because my family has been eating at this place since it was a hole in the wall down the street on Walnut, next to the seedy tattoo parlor. We are on a first name basis with the family that runs the place. They are very cool people - very Italian, wouldn't want to piss them off! They also hosted my brothers wedding dinner. I think the world of these people and everyone should know how hard they have worked to get to the beautiful restaurant they have now. If you're ever in the neighborhood, you should definitely try it. Lunch is better because there are less people and dishes are about half the price. DO NOT leave without some extra rolls to go home with. They warm up great in the microwave. Trust me, you WILL be craving them.
<review# 2240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2008,7/2/2008,14,27,3,4,5>I am having Texas withdrawal's and need to get back there soon! My sis works down the street - right off Oaklawn. I usually try to drive into Dallas with her in the morning at least for a day. I drop her off then I head over to the Dallas National Cemetary to drop some flowers off for our dad. (rip) Then back to her work by lunch and off to the green papaya. I love the shrimp spring rolls and the peanut sauce. I also love their iced tea (something about Texas Tea???? Yum!) I don't remember the name of the soup, but it is Pho-something??? Hot peppers, noodles, chicken, sprouts and oh soooo tasty. It is extremely spicy, so if you are not a spice lover then you may want to go with something else but if you love spicy food get the soup w/ peppers!!!! Ok, I am getting hungry and it is only 0422. Ugh...2 1/2 hours to go until I am off work.
<review# 2241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,7/1/2008,171,401,2,8,7>HOLY COW!!! I think I can't wish for better weather while I am in Dallas this week.  I sat outside at the patio.  I took the suggestion from the waiter and tried the Carne AsadaArrachera (Lime-Garlic Marinated and Grilled 10 oz Prime Skirt Steak, Served with Garlic Basmati Rice, Sweet Plantains, Black Beans, Duni Onions, Roasted Poblano and Red Bell Pepper Cheese Rajas, Salsa and Mashed Avocado)The steak was so tender, it just melt in your mouth.  And the garlic basmati rice was pretty good also.  Of course you have to save room for the dessert.  Cuatro Leches Cake was to die for....hmmm....ahhhh....oooo....yaaaaaa......I can't wait to come back here next time!!!!
<review# 2242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2008,6/30/2008,14,30,6,7,6>Sweet Tomatoes is a step above the usual salad bar place, and blows the Jason's salad bar out of the water!Let's remember, though, it is still a big honking salad bar with a buffet of soups and other stuff added, and free ice cream.It's only healthy if you only eat the healthy stuff, and in non-Manatee portions!When my co-worker says "Let's do something healthy today. Let's go to Sweet Tomatoes"... I laugh!This is like letting a druggie behind the counter of a Tom Thumb Pharmacy..This is a BAD place to try and practice "portion control", because most of the food is actually damn good.This trip, I went on a Sunday morning, just before they switched to the lunch food, and there was some pretty good breakfast frittata and roll your own breakfast burritos.
<review# 2243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,6/27/2008,725,843,10,15,10>Four stars because the steak could not have been better.   I have friends who are steak snobs...and they said their steak could not have been any better.  Served medium-rare--the kind of medium-rare that you usually have to say "rare" to get--could be cut with a fork.  Tiny amount of seasoning salt made it tasty.  And there were bites where I could literally taste the mesquite wood.  I looked across the table and actually said "Wow!  That bite tasted how this place smells!"  When I ordered the baked potato loaded the nice lady said "It's okay, we add the condiments at the table."  And they did.  Her: "Would you like more cheese?"  Me:  "Yes!"  Her:  "More?"  Me:  "Yes, please!"  Her:  "More sour cream?"  Me:  "Heck yeah!"  This went on for awhile.The room is huge and airy, not stuffy but nice enough with lots of beige and tasteful Texas artwork.  I think the old portrait of John Wayne looks on with approval.  And it smells great--Mesquite wood campfire great.  Service was spot on!  My meal was under $30 tip and all.  The menu is full of choices ranging from prime cuts of meat to fried catfish to chicken to a Mexican platter.  Dunston's is one of the longest running steakhouses in Dallas.  We ended up there because I remember going there when I was little.  And I will be going back soon.  I've had more expensive steaks, but I've not had tastier steaks!
<review# 2244,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/9/2007,6/26/2008,419,663,5,7,4>I've said it before, and I'll say it again.WHERE ARE THE DAMN SUGAR CADDIES?!?!?!?!?!What the heck is with these restaurants hidding the sweet n low where you have to ask for it?  And, yes... I ordered water with lemon... What's it to ya? I still want sweet n low.  It's called free lemonade because I'm not about to pay $1.60+ for a glass of tea that it costs you less than $0.02 to make.Ok, well... after sitting in traffic for over 2 hours and paying $30 to go to Holiday in the Park for 3 hours and only get to ride one roller coaster and stand in line for an hour for gyros and another hour for funnel cake, Jenn and I decided we wanted something for a late night dinner.  We first wanted Blackfinn but were not willing to wait 45 minutes for a table.So, BJs it was.Jenn ordered a Roma Tomato Basil and Italian Sausage Thin Crust pizza that looked pretty good.  I had a Turkey Cobb Sandwich without lettuce and Steak Fries.Our waitress certainly had her mind on something else besides work.  It was a total inconvenience to her to bring me a sugar caddy and some more lemon.  Hello! If I ordered water with lemon, and I squeezed the lemon when you brought the glass to me... I will probably need another lemon when you FILL UP THE GLASS WITH LEMONLESS WATER.  Um, duh!My Sandwich had a lot of turkey on it.  The bacon was fresh, hot & crispy.  The avocado was creamy and buttery but still firm.  But the menu said there was going to be blue cheese on my sandwich.  If there was, my tastebuds couldn't find it.  There was this white stuff on the top bun, but whatever it was... it wasn't blue cheese.I really wanted a pizza, but I wanted to make my own... but I HATE deep dish pizza.  They only offer two pizzas thin crust, the rest are deep dish.  I had been to another BJ's location before and shared a deep dish pizza (it was a date, I wasn't about to say anything).. and it was ok.. but just way too much bread.  I do remember the chocolate chip cookie pizza that I shared with that date... but I'll just file that under "memories."As another person mentioned... the check wasn't split when the girl brought the black wallet to the table.  I put down some cash and Jenn's card and asked her to split it.  She brought back my change with two $5s and a $1.  My guess is... she only wanted $1 for a tip.Jenn and I have noticed before that it seems to be hard to find late night eats in this area without long waits for tables.  It's good to know that BJ's is there in a pinch... but... hopefully we'll have a more attentive waitress next time.
<review# 2245,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2008,6/25/2008,36,71,12,10,7>Oh, Turkey.I haven't been back in awhile. I guess I don't crave the stale air, well-worn waitresses, cheap beer and greasy bar food like I used to. If you're down, forlorn, brokenhearted, bitter, or already drunk - the Turkey is there for you. It's not hard to find. It's near Pugsley's Library and Parker College. And across the street from despair.The food is decent, but it WILL kill you. The beer is mighty cheap and low on selection.But if you're hurting, folks, the Wild Turkey has Spongebob Squarepants bandaids for that wound.
<review# 2246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2008,6/24/2008,549,363,7,9,9>We went to the newly renovated Stoneleigh Hotel Bar last Saturday night. It was really cool! I actually liked the renovations... they were modern but a little retro. There was 7 of us but there was plenty of room to sit in the big couches. The room was a little noisy with the cougar talk and "boom chick boom chick" music I like so much but not so loud that the 7 of us couldn't hold a conversation. Speaking of da "cougars"... this is THE place for cougar watchin'. I've never seen so many 1/2 naked 50 year olds full of collagen and silicone. Wowza!I was actually named after the Stoneleigh hotel... my parents used to own a dry cleaner's across the street and voila! Leigh was born! I'm glad to have my namesake lookin' so good!
<review# 2247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2008,6/23/2008,15,34,3,6,5>Three words:  $1 Sake Thursdays.Amidst the fierce storm that rocked Fort Worth moving eastward and well above Irving, I decided to drive to Blue Fish to check out the hype behind their Thursday sake special.  I expected the place to be somewhat empty because of the storm but boy was I wrong.  There were no open bar stools and people were standing around the bar.  As you walk in, you will immediately enter the bar area.  DJ was doin' his thang at one end of the bar and the place started getting filled up fairly quickly.  $1 sake is good but the larger bottle for $2 is more worth your money.  Warm sake is a hallmark of Japanese spirit but I guess Blue Fish like their sake HOT.  I mean REALLY HOT.  It almost burned my throat.  But don't let that bother you because it's actually nice to sip on sake that stays warm from beginning to end.  Pour yourself a shot.  Take your time enjoying it.  I certainly did.  The dining area was well separated from the loud bar and it's a nice, bright, open area where you can enjoy their sushi.  I would definitely try their food next time.  And I'll definitely go there on Thursdays.  $4 will get you in a pretty damn good mood for the rest of the night and it's a great place to mingle with people.
<review# 2248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2008,6/22/2008,107,206,3,7,4>Continuing to eat and drink our way through the Dallas-Ft. Worth Metroplex -- when not attending a forensics/DUI law conference -- we had reservations at Abacus Restaurant, the flagship of Iron Chef killer, Kent Rathburn, forFriday night, March 28th.  Now I have to point out that that, three weeks earlier -- and one week after making the reservations -- I'd recevied a voice mail message on my cell phone from someone named Anne.  The message went, "Hi, Jason, this is Anne.  We met last week at ________ Steak House in Dallas.  I just wanted to let you know that I'm at Abacus, and I look forward to seeing you again . . . ."  Hmmmmm . . . should I tell my wife about this telephone call?  I mean, it sounded pretty -- but then again, I felt reasonably safe, as I hadn't been in Dallas (prior to this just-concluded trip) since 1970!  So, what's a married guy to do?  Call the woman back of course!  I mean, I have reservations.  She's going to see "Jason" sooner than she thinks, but it's not going to be the Jason she thinks!  ;^)We arrived for dinner, and I finally met my "paramour de telephone."  Then, onto our table.  We were seated in the beautifully appointed dining room, elegant and stylish, yet warm and inviting.  Even the "techno" beat worked somehow, and didn't leave us with headaches throbbing to the beat!  We each had a cocktail, and then onto the meal itself . . .The electic menu features everything under the sun -- or, at least seems to.  We started with an order of Lobster & Scallion "Shooters" with a Red Chile-and- Coconut Sake sauce for the table to share:  superb!  Then, I had a truly excellent Caesar salad, while Lynn chose an arugula salad, and Virginia opted for the Kumamoto Oysters on a half shell.  For our entrees, Lynn had the Grilled Dry Aged Prime New York Strip served with a Black Pepper Demi, a crispy Sunchoke-Potato Cake and French Beans; Virginia had Wood Roasted Buffalo Tenderloin on Red Wine Butter, served with Truffle Whipped Potatoes and Baby Vegetables; while I chose the Grilled Colorado Lamb Loin with Sun Dried Tomato Chutney and Lobster Mushroom-Fingerling Potato Hash.  Each was truly stunning!  Perfectly prepared, focused yet with a wonderful array of flavors.  Major Yums!  And deliciously complimented by a bottle of 2005 Patz & Hall Hyde Vineyard Pinot Noir.Our waiter, Steve, was friendly, knowledgable and helpful without being intrusive or "hovering" -- indeed, the service was the best we had in Texas.Bottom line:  would I go back?  Answer:  In a heartbeat!  This was the first (and only) meal we had during our trip that would have been stunning if it were in San Francisco, L.A., Chicago, New York, or Paris . . . yes, it was THAT good!
<review# 2249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2008,6/21/2008,227,57,3,8,6>Finally! A real Korean restaurant that's close to downtown and outside of Koreatown. Chang Jing has a great interior and the food is very fresh. They give you plenty of "banchan" (side dishes) and the portions are generously good for the price. Speaking of which, this new place is cheaper than most Korean restaurants in the greater Metroplex. This will definitely be one of my new regular joints.
<review# 2250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2008,6/20/2008,21,34,2,6,5>The service here was fantastic!  We had a great experience, were treated very well and have recommended it to many people.  The food was so so so good!! There was just the two of us, and we sat in a pretty crowded dining room with a nice view over a small pond.  The only complaint I might have had was the noise level, but I don't think any of it was due to the restaurant.   We had a large table of about 20 sitting next to us - all businessmen who had indulged in quite a few cocktails.  Our waiter was a hit - he gave us opinions that were right on and even brought us some complimentary liquers to round off the night. We left there a bit tipsy, drunk on pasta and totally satisfied.
<review# 2251,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/5/2008,6/19/2008,57,295,8,6,3>Dear Black-eyed Pea,I just wanted to say thanks for always being there when I needed you.You have been there when my friends and I just can't decide where to eat.You have been there when I needed to order potato skins, cheese sticks, and chicken fingers all on one plate.You have been there when I need to be reminded that I need to lose 15 pounds when seated in your booths.But, most of all, you have been there since my very first trip to Dallas and you have not changed a bit.Yours Truly,Diego---Folks, sometimes, consistency to food quality can be best...even if the food quality is not that great.
<review# 2252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2008,6/18/2008,3,12,6,9,8>I lived in Singapore for 2 years and visit twice a year - this food is not Singaporean.I go to Malaysia twice a year - this food is not Malaysian.And I am Indian. And believe you me this food is not Indian.So why did I  rate it a 4 star. Ask yourself - is PF Chang Chinese? is Pei Wei Chinese? Is Outback Australian?  Ofcourse not.Food is designed to give you some idea of what food in SE Asia may taste like. Does it taste good? yes.  If you want a night out on a Friday/Sat. Take the missus out for a nice dinner and drinks you are at the right place. Combination Sampler plate with lobster wrap, samosas all good. Indonesian beef ribs was succulent and tender. Lychee Mojito was excellent. Stuffed Naan will not resemble anything in an Indian restaurant, but it is still good.Ambience is excellent. Beautful decor. Now this will not satisfy my cravings for Cha Kway Teow or real Kambing or real Bhuna Ghosht, but then it is not designed to. So leave your sense of authenticity at home and go there and have a good time. Bon Apetit!
<review# 2253,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2008,6/17/2008,218,255,,5,4>I love Paciugo gelato, especially the Amarena Black Cherry Swirl and Mediterranean Sea Salt Caramel.  I also love the Violet (and yes, it tastes like a violet smells), but it's so much harder to find.  I particularly like this location of Paciugo, because it has the nicest environment and the nicest staff of all of the locations I've been to, and I was here quite a bit during the Asian Film Festival of Dallas, as it is right next to the theater.
<review# 2254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2008,6/16/2008,95,118,,9,8>When you go to Dallas Texas make sure this museum is on your list of must see.....This is one of the best historical preservation's that I have ever witnessed.  Everything from 1963 is in pristine condition from pictures to film.  When you're even first driving to the museum you catch a little deja vu because you're almost taking the same route that JFK did when he was in the motorcade of 1963.Then you park in the $5 lot and pay $12.50 and then go to audio headphone section and pick up the equipment for the audio tour guide that walks you thru the whole museum.  Now you can pause and start the recording at your own pace so you don't feel rushed.It took me 2 hours to get thru because i look at and read everything.  Now you're not allowed to bring cameras or phones inside but I did and i even snuck a few pics as well.They even have the "sniper's perch" setup like they found it in 1963 and the boxes that occupied the building when it was The Texas Book Depository. The timelines and films are all there for you to completely see the assassination from all angles if you're really a history freak check out the actual camera that shot the Zapruder film that they didn't release until 1975!  Trust me after you watch this film over and over it's no way that you can't say this was a conspiracy assassination.If you're a real history buff this museum will definitely peek your interest and test your knowledge of what you heard and know about the JFK assassination.The gift shop also has little jewels of history including replicas of the paper announcing JFK's death.Now I had the unlikely luck of going out to the "Grassy Knoll" too take pictures of the motorcade root and finding the author Robert J. Groden  who in 1963 was the  photographic consultant to the House Committee on assassinations and the tech advisor for the movie JFK directed by Oliver Stone.  He was primarily there to hustle money from his fading celebrity on the issue but he had a lot of insight on the assassination plus i found out by talking to him that when Jackie O climbed on the back to the limo after her husband was shot she was retrieving a piece of his skull which she later gave to the doctor and said "This might help"  WOW! , so when you go outside you'll see him and his apprentice on the grassy knoll.
<review# 2255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2008,6/15/2008,66,283,2,6,5>I'm a male-slut when it comes to racking up hotel and airline points as a frequent traveler.  I use a site that identifies restaurants where I get extra points when dining.In this manner I came across Juanitas in Park Central, just below the LBJ freeway.  Not really Yelper territory, but maybe some of you work close by.Anywho, this is authentic mexican, from the waitstaff, to the salsas, to the bistek a la mexican con salsa picante which I selected along with tortillas de maiz.  Free warm chips with salsa of course and a XX readed my taste buds.   Nice sized restaurant--looks like they might get busy for lunch from offices nearby, but it was dead on Memorial Day.  Prices range from $6.95 for a mondo burrito up into the teens for seafood.
<review# 2256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2008,6/14/2008,232,63,3,9,6>I have been going to S&D since I was a child and I still love to eat there. The atmosphere is great, it makes you feel like you are actually on the gulf... the only thing missing is an ocean breeze coming through the windows. The service here is exquisite, very attentive yet not intrusive. The menu is a bit limited but there is a reason for that, everything on the menu is delicious. Like I said I have been to this place a lot and I have had pretty much everything on the menu and it is all great... even the cheeseburgers, yes I used to eat them sometimes when I was young and they are really good, but now I cannot bring myself to order one because of all the other great food. My typical order here is a dozen oysters on the half shell, a cup of gumbo, the barbecue shrimp or fried shrimp, and plenty of Heineken served in ice cold mugs, fantastic.
<review# 2257,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,6/12/2008,1147,1223,7,18,13>I, the norebang (karaoke) queen had actually never been here before until now. It seems very clean and has nice tvs and you can actually kinda feel the bass when you're sitting on the couches. Also awesome is that they have a book which lists songs by artist! So useful since many times you cannot remember the name of the song. ANNNND they actually have an ENGLISH REMOTE. Amazing. I have pretty much memorized how to use the Korean remote by color, but having it in English is so much more convienent.The things I didn't like about the place is that they have no waiters. I did notice a sign in the restroom saying help wanted, but there is a bell in the rooms for a reason..and then I had to keep getting up to find the ajusshi and he wouldn't even be there. Also they didn't have my favorite yogurt soju, but the grape kind isgood though, so I wasn't too upset. Also they only give you popcorn :( I love how at zeller zone and even at star they give you peanuts, shrimp chips, and pretzels. This isn't a make or break thing though, just something I noticed.Anyway, I overall had a good time and I'd probably be more likely to go here with my non-Korean friends.
<review# 2258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2008,6/11/2008,186,191,7,9,7>I have always loved this theater! They had the Grand Opening of the LoveSac theater last weekend.  The only great part of seeing Indiana Jones last weekend was the comfy LoveSac couchie underneath me and the beer in my hand. Makes the bad movies not seem so bad.Beware of getting too comfy and sleepy!
<review# 2259,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2008,6/9/2008,263,343,23,36,30>Ok, I know I'm gonna get hammered on this one, but let me say a few things.  I have been coming here for 9 years.  When I started I was a young single man who smoked and drank like it was going out of style. Now I'm an older (29) married man and I still come here.  They have hands down the best club sandwiches I've ever had.  They put red onions on it which gives it a bite and a slight sweetness.  Also, as a VIP member, I get free lunches on Wednesday and free car washes.  And I can bring as many guests as I want, no cover.  I've literally brought hundreds of men and women here for business and pleasure.  I'm also a smoker; I don't smoke cigarettes, but I smoke cigars, have since I was 14, and this is the only place in Dallas, where I can smoke a cigar, have a bourbon and eat a great meal.  I'm not really into their steaks.  If I want a steak I'll go to Del Frisco's or III Forks, but their selection of wild game is very extensive.  My wife comes with me and she enjoys the whole experience.  They used to have this southwest salad with fajita steak and chicken and shrimp with jicama; it was great.  I'm not going to get into the whole exploitation issue because most of those girls make more money than me and the women whom I've come to call friends enjoy what they do.  Is it sleazy, maybe?  You can't deny it if your objective.  However, as I gotten older and seen a few things, I tend to look at things with a different perspective.  I think we have too many hangups about nude forms and should all just take a deep breathe, and relax.  It's only a naked woman, not an alien!
<review# 2260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2008,6/8/2008,24,14,6,8,10>I'm only giving it a 5-star because i am absolutely in love with this place.I always get the Pad Kee Mow, the fried rice is also amazing. the sushi and dessert is pretty good too.i have to have my asian mint daily even if i spend $30 on lunch by myself. its totally worth it. Its a small little restaurant but thats what i love about it. they have a full bar and WI-FI.price is pretty decent, i dont mind paying a lil extra for excellent food.
<review# 2261,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,5/20/2008,6/7/2008,318,245,4,7,6>the decor is dark and has a boys club feel to it.  i thought the service and my steak was pretty good, but not that special.  i do have to admit that i'm not a big steak person though...there's just so many other things i'd rather eat than just a huge piece of meat.  probably won't be returning
<review# 2262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2008,6/6/2008,11,11,3,7,5>I like coming here when I don't want to run into people I know. Great outdoor area, and good bands play here. One major downside is that the bar is all alone so no bar hopping if the scene is dead.
<review# 2263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2008,6/5/2008,90,127,3,11,8>Decor....a clean, beautifully decorated Japanese restaurantFood....fresh quality, fresh tasting, consistent, deliciousService...attentive, accomodating, sincereThis is a great Japanese restaurant with a loyal following.  I have enjoyed each of my dining experiences here and will continue coming back.  I highly recommend the agedashi tofu, beef tataki, nameko jiru soup, dobin mushi soup, miso cod, and SUSHI of course!  I would say all of their sushi is fresh, so it is safe to order away!Makes for a great intimate dinner date!
<review# 2264,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2008,6/4/2008,118,506,3,3,5>oops forgot to yelp this.awesome place to be, especially after meeting fellow yelpers!  food then singing!!!!  only a handful of us came, but that was more than enough.im really surprised how nice the rooms were spacious and limited eau de cigarette!  bathrooms were SUPER nice and clean, hells yes!while getting our vocals on...for some odd reason...there was a great smell of FRIED CHICKEN!  i looked at JOE and he was like WTH? haha funny stuff!  great selection of english songs, but limited japanese and chinese stuff!  anyways, i give mad props to Francesca and Rudy, my karaoke heroes!  jeremy - yep you can crank dat OOOOOO.......bill wasn't too bad, what, 60 for a solid 2+ hrs?  good thing we came around 9 b/c when we opened the door to exit, woosh it was busy.too bad the rating system is RIGGED!  we worked hard and sang well and got a freakin 30??????   WHAT?!
<review# 2265,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,6/3/2008,199,332,12,8,5>Awhile back, I wrote about the ongoing Luby's vs. Furr's debate and proceeded to torch Furr's mercilessly and deservedly so. Again, I will publicly declare that I would rather pay $10 for one plate of Luby's food than 1 penny for an infinite amount of Furr(ball) slop.OK, I agree with Joe in that the idea of paying $10 bucks for a cafeteria meal is a little uncomfortable but if what Sonny says is true and the Pappas folks now run The Luby Show then it explains a lot. This is not exactly your grandpa's Luby's even though he and his cronies will be there when you arrive. I have noticed a real improvement in the quality  of the food and selections available. Heck, they have healthy baked selections in addition to chicken fried steak, mac and cheese, and creamed corn.The only thing that remains cafeteria is the style of selecting your own dishes and I never have seen a problem with total control like that. Luby's even still offers the Lou Ann platter for smaller appetites (even though I still giggle and think of King of the Hill every time someone orders one.). Beyond this, Luby's has moved fast and furious into the 21st Century. The addition of servers is a nice touch as they do a great job of refilling beverages, bringing condiments, etc. My only beef with Luby's is that they need to do a better job of hiding the pies. I think I'm doing good with my baked chicken and new potatoes and then I hit the end of the line and see the biggest , creamiest slice of pie perched at my eye level. I practically turn into one of those old-time cartoon characters whose lid blows off and eyes go "Ah-ooh-gah". So Luby's do us all a favor and place the dessert behind the creamed spinach and lima beans where none of us will find it.
<review# 2266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2008,6/2/2008,255,323,11,11,10>Nice solid sandwich.  Not as good as the one I get at Lenny's, but still far and away better than the stuff you get at a Subway.The place gets packed at lunch, but their ordering system is pretty efficient.Step 1: Grab a paper bagStep 2: Treat it like a ScantronStep 3: Hand it off to the person at the counter and pay for your wichStep 4: Watch as your paperbag makes it's way down the laundry lineStep 5: Eat like Carnie Wilson
<review# 2267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2008,6/1/2008,419,123,25,14,10>This is Texas BBQ like no other. Yes it's in the ghetto. Yes it's scary to get there. Yes it's even scary to order. Yes it's greasy. No they don't serve "vegetables" But for crying out loud . . . did you think the best BBQ in Dallas was going to be served in Uptown?This is seriously the best BBQ I've ever had. It's so messy, and flavorful . . . and cheap. It's open until 4 AM . . . but don't even think about it. It's seriously in a bad part of town. BUT, If you're anywhere near this place . . . go get some! Just go during daylight. And take a gun. (I'm kidding . . . unless you have one . . .)
<review# 2268,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2007,5/31/2008,443,598,4,7,6>My roommates and I were doing some errands and were in the area we had to finally stop by here. We didn't eat here, but I was like a kid in a candy shop, so I grabbed a tray and picked out nearly one of everything to take to-go. Their croissants were glazed over and they had not just plain, but other flavors as well. They had a variety of turnovers, and other filled pastries... mmm mmm. Also, in their refrigerated showcase they had some really beautiful mini cakes and tarts that looked almost unreal. Muaahhhhh...... We ended up walking out with 2 boxes of yummy pastries to last us for a couple of days? Well more like a couple of hours. It looks really nice inside, so nice, I'd take a chick here for a coffee date if I'm in the area.
<review# 2269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2008,5/30/2008,308,111,8,5,5>Holy crap. Gordo Crepes, people. Yes, yes, everyone knows about Cafe Brazil. I'm throwing my enthusiastic support behind it here on Yelp as just a formality. I've loved this place always--the one I visited first is this one on the Central access road.Good coffee, but don't go in for all those flavored ones. Just get the darkest roast with no flavoring, unless you're a puss.So many things here are good, but my favorite is the Gordo Crepes. Fairly delicate crepe stuffed with a milder chorizo they make themselves in-house (according to a waiter when asked), smothered in a great cream sauce with onions, cheddar, bacon and jalapenos dumped all over it. Sounds like a train wreck, but tastes like goody-good! Plus you get this great thick toast with grape jelly. You know in England they've never heard of grape jelly? Ask 'em next time you're there. (of course they think jelly is "jello", so you may have to say jam). I've gotten off-topic a little bit.*best visit was last winter when, slipping and sliding on my way in to teach school, Richardson ISD finally announced it was cancelled due to snow and icy road conditions. Did I immediately divert west and go straight to Cafe Brazil? Yes. Yes I did. How great to have started out on the way to a miserable day at school and end up at CB mid-morning instead. Savored every bite!
<review# 2270,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/26/2007,5/28/2008,180,170,3,4,3>Terrrrrible area of Dallas.You're going to be parking in someone's yard even if you get there five hours early.The set up of the stage is just bad. Their acoustics are horrendous and I've never even had to deal with lawn seats.Outside venues in Texas are always a bad idea.
<review# 2271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2008,5/27/2008,172,375,5,13,18>Although I haven't lived in Dallas since 1988, my family has lived there for over 100 years.  My mother is in her 70's, and the youngest of 9, and she was born at Parkland Hospital...you know, where they took JFK after he had been assassinated.  Yep, they've been there a long time....too long if you ask me.  No, we are not old money.  My mother picked cotton when she was 5, and we are white.  How many white people do you know whose mothers were farmed out for child labor to pick cotton?  I'd guess not many, if any.This is what prompted me to review The Mansion.  People who have not dined here, and some who have, will attempt to make you believe that it is way out of your reach and that you aren't possibly of the right rank in the social hierarchy to be allowed in.  It is simply not true.  Is it expensive?...most definitely.  If you are concerned about the cost, you should probably forego dining here until you can afford to throw down $400 for a once in a lifetime dining experience for two.  I'm a little embarrassed to admit this, but the first time I ate dinner at The Mansion I was 15 years old (25 years ago).  No, my parents didn't take me.  To my knowledge, I'm the only one in my family to have dined here.  It was a boy who was taking me out on a date.  He was 16.  I still remember that night....my date driving his father's luxury sports car...the elegant decor...the exquisite meal...my first souffle (it was raspberry).  I hadn't ever tasted anything like it.  It was a night that one remembers forever.  Even now I can visualize my date's baby-faced, metal-mouth smile.  He knew he executed the date of a lifetime and it showed on his face.  Looking back now, I can only imagine what the wait staff must have been thinking when we walked in, as we were so young and by ourselves.  They treated us like we were any other diners, and were never snotty or condescending.  Neither of us was from a wealthy family, but where we lived we would've been considered upper middle class.  We certainly were not jet-setting around in Gulfstreams as fellow yelper Christopher S. states humorously in his review.Is The Mansion a place that you will eat on a regular basis?  Probably only if you live nearby and earn 7 figures or more a year.  The cost of living in Dallas is dirt cheap when compared to the cities that I've resided in the last 17 years (NY, LA, and SF respectively).  This is something you may want to consider when you read someone's reviews of the Mansion.  A yelper who lives in NY, LA, or SF won't think The Mansion is all that.  But to someone who isn't accustomed to fine dining and haute cuisine prices, it might seem beyond their reach or come as a shock.I hope you have a chance to eat here once in your life, should you find yourself in Dallas with $500 burning a hole in your pocket.  My dinner at The Mansion is one of the top 5 meals that I've eaten in my lifetime, and I count this restaurant among the top 3 at which I have dined in the world.
<review# 2272,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2007,5/26/2008,169,220,,5,6>I can't believe I hadn't written a review yet!Anyway, I can only echo what others have said - Dream Cafe is fresh, delicious, unique with a fantastic patio.All their breakfast offerings are good. I'm not a huge fan of eggs, so I personally prefer their homemade granola with maple yogurt. Don't forget that Tuesday nights is half-price entree night. The other night, a friend and I had two entrees and an appetizer and the tab was $22.12 - how awesome is that?!
<review# 2273,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/7/2007,5/25/2008,55,64,,5,3>Friendly service and a convenient location, the BBQ was tasty and portions decent.  I got the 3 meat combo, with flank steak, ribs, and shredded pork.  I'll go again, as it's close to where i'm living, but I'm still in search for the best BBQ in Dallas.
<review# 2274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2007,5/24/2008,10,22,,5,5>After hearing raving reviews from friends - we decided we should give this place a shot.I've read in previous reviews that large party can take up to an hour or so to be seated. Well, we had a party of  10, and it did take a while to be seated, but we were early enough (around 7:30 pm on a Saturday) which did not feel like we waited too long.We ordered few appetizers - The Sliders - were the tastiest, and served in an adequate portion. I ordered the steamed mussels. Huge portion, but the mussels were pretty small, but really flavorful. I also ordered a side of cous cous, and that was not very good.Some say it can be quite pricey, but it depends how much one can really drink. The decor is simple but modern. The indoor part of the restaurant is pretty crowded and loud - if you like that kind of scene.We sat out in the patio area close to the valet  parking, but we all had a great time. To calculate, each of us ate about $35 including cocktails and appetizers, so I thought that is reasonable.But if you intend to take someone on a date, you may end up yelling at each other across the table just to be heard!
<review# 2275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2008,5/23/2008,52,177,8,8,8>I love my Mavs, but until they trade off Devin Harris, they only deserve 3 stars.  They lost to Miami 2 years ago because of him, and lost to GS in round 1 last year because of him.  He is a ballhogging, crap PG and needs to learn that he needs to create plays that involve other players on the team aside from himself.Edited and up to 5 stars!Devin Harris is gone, NBA Championship with Jason Kidd, here we come!
<review# 2276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2008,5/22/2008,78,64,14,10,8>My electricity goes out on Sunday for a few hours, in the middle of a beautiful day. So I just thought it was God telling me to get off my fat ass and go do something. I get up and decided to mow my lawn and I did. The weeds look great! Then it came time to do some trimming with the Weed Eater. Now I just got it fixed because it's a cheap piece of shit and I paid like 20 something dollars for. Wouldn't you know it, it doesn't work! So now I'm all pissed off at the fact that I paid to get it fixed, more then I paid for the thing in the first place and it doesn't work.  I end up throwing the damn thing across the lawn while using some dirty words and I pull the weeds up by hand. It's when I go back inside and sit in my dark living room and realize, without electricity a Weed Eater won't work. I AM A DUMBASS and I just threw away a perfectly good Weed Eater. About that time I get a phone call from a friend (on my cell phone) and he invite's me to go to The Angry Dog for an early dinner.  Sure I did, a house is no fun to hang out in when it don't work.Let me tell you that The Angry Dog was going full force for a Sunday night. I can't remember if I've ever been there, because it didn't look familiar and it didn't have any BBQ on the menu. It was when I walked out and saw that Barker Ribs was next door so all this time I thought The Angry Dog was Baker Ribs. What is wrong with me?I ordered a Blue Moon and it was good, so I ordered another one. After reading everyone's review on burgers I decided that I'd see what all the "whopla" was. I got mine with Swiss cheese all the fixing's, even added bacon and mushrooms. Let me tell you this, these guys make a great burger and the fries were good too. They are the thin kind, that usually turn to balsa wood, (see Burger House review) but these didn't, they held up through out the entire meal. It's now one of my favorite burger and beer joints; they have a great selection of tap and bottled beer. I'll be back real soon.So I get home just in time to catch the season finale of "Rock of Love 2" with Bret Michaels, which proves that there is a God because he turned my electricity back on so that I wouldn't miss this. Can you believe that Bret picked Ambre over Daisy? What kind of Rock Star picks a lying 37 old over a 20 something stripper? Maybe Bret doesn't realize that guys like me are living vicariously through his rock star antics.So ladies I please to announce that I'm putting on my very own "love" competition to see who can win my heart.  I will select 20 girls from the ages of 20-40 to come live in my one bedroom apartment for eight weeks. During this time you will fight for my undying love by cooking, cleaning and competing in various competitive challenges like the "Human Weed Eater" "Who Can Pay My Rent the Fastest" "The Laundry Luau" (you do my laundry wearing a grass skirt.) There will be three "Hell's Kitchen" style challenges a day, Morning, Noon and Night. You will prepare me a dish to see who the best chief in the group is. There will be an obstacle course in my backyard, where the fist challenge will be "building an obstacle course." That will consist of motocross, mud pit, fire wall and a Kodak Bear cage. Then every night there will be the "kicking out of the house ceremony" where I will pick one challenger to leave the house the next morning because, having sex with me will be a parting gift that you can cherish forever. No Charge. The cool thing is I won't insult your independence of being a woman by paying for anything, so garb some cash. I look forward to meeting you and giving you the chance to fall in love with me. The line starts here!
<review# 2277,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2008,5/21/2008,23,12,1,7,6>This might be my favorite restaurant in all of Dallas. This diner is the real deal - the full on cinematic diner experience.The waitresses are full of love and pet names like "Sweetheart," "Baby" and "Shoog." The food is inexpensive and delicious. Order "The Hobo Special" for more breakfast than you can finish. This place makes my weekends feel like the weekend. And I've never taken a friend here that hasn't fallen in love.
<review# 2278,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2008,5/19/2008,118,41,1,9,6>If you've got knots in your back or just feel really lousy then you might want to try a deep tissue massage with trigger point.If you're not familiar with deep tissue, essentially, it's where the therapist focuses on a specific point to get out a knot which is usually the result of tension and stress.  If you have a back full of knots then you might be really stressed out (in which case I'll prolly keep a distance away from YOU!).Trigger point is where there's concentration on a specific point, like acupuncture.The best massages I ever got was at an AVEDA destination spa near Toronto.  This therapist comes close because she knows both.  As she was working on my back I noticed my nose and sinuses were getting drippy.  This usually means a lot of the toxins are being flushed out of the muscles so it's good to drink some water after a massage.That's how you know it's a good therapist.There were some moments where my nerves were getting very sensitive because the amount of pressure was firm.  It's can come really close to being uncomfortable.  It's ok though, I wasn't crying in pain!As it turns out, my therapist's father is a physician's assistant so that's why she knows about pressure points.I have one of those back massage seats you buy from Bed, Bath, and Beyond but it doesn't even come close to this.
<review# 2279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2008,5/18/2008,234,191,3,13,7>Must admit, I found this place using the Infamous: ENTERTAINMENT BOOK! (yeap, buy one entree, get one free).For $15, you get  "coupons" for HUNDREDS of restaurants in Dallas.Anyways, the place is super clean, the staff is super nice.Wife and I shared a thai beer (good stuff), shared pad-thai w/ tofu and tilapia with curry sauce. Even though it sounds very simple,  it's the simple dishes that help me "judge" a restaurant. The place is small, but not tiny. The bathrooms were good and they do accept American Express!Try the special of the day and one safe dish!
<review# 2280,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2008,5/17/2008,98,163,5,6,4>So hubby decided to surprise me and whisk me away for our 5-year anniversary by going to Acapulco. Can I get a whoop-whoop? So we decided (okay, HE decided) to catch the Roger Waters (AKA Pink Floyd) concert in Dallas en route to tequila town, so that's why I'm in Dallas for the night.  Anyhoo, so here I am, staying at the Westin Galleria. As we pulled up to the hotel, hubby told me, "You are gonna love this...the hotel is connected to a MALL." HELLO? This hotel-within-a-mall concept is SHEER GENIUS. The nanosecond we checked in, I didn't even care to decipher the linen's thread count and investigate the cleanliness levels of the  bathroom. Why, you ask? I had more important matters at hand -- like checking out Saks and Forever 21 (yeah, the mall is quite a hodge podge -- there's a Versace boutique across from a Bath & Body Works). OK, so I got my shopping on and once I was pooped, I happily walked to my hotel room. Yeah, okay, I'll talk about the room now...sheets are indeed yummy, bathroom is VERY clean and the decor is contemporary.  Flat-screen TVs, wireless Internet ($11 bucks a day), and in-room spa services are also nice touches.I'd give this place five stars for the whole conveniently-located-inside-a-kickass-mall factor but there aren't any safes or mini bars in the room. Oh well, nobody's perfect...but this place is pretty darn close.
<review# 2281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2007,5/16/2008,122,144,,9,7>Candle is a classic. Their music is the best thing about it. They have some of the best dj's in Dallas. House, HipHop, but all mashed up. It will keep you on your toes. And I like how it's really dark.  It's not as crazy as it once was (pre Suite and Ghost) but it's still a good time. Go on a Wednesday night, that is the best night. Or a Friday..
<review# 2282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/27/2008,5/15/2008,18,23,2,7,4>Vickery Park is one of my favorite local hangouts. It has a laid-back atmosphere, good alternative rock pumping out of the speakers, and cool, but not trendy, decor - my kind of place. I used to go to the Dubliner on Greenville a lot before I moved to the immediate Knox/Henderson area, and the mood is pretty similar, I think.I will preface the rest of this by saying that I've mostly been to Vickery Park on weekdays, or earlier or later on weekend nights, so I haven't had as much experience with a packed house.I always order mixed drinks with vodka, and I don't think I've been there when wells weren't $5, which is decent, I suppose.As far as the food goes, I love love love the vegetable plate. I get it every time I eat there. Whatever sauce they put on the couscous is very yummy.The after-11 p.m. tacos are pretty decent for late-night food. I had them once when I went there not realizing how early the food service stopped.Friends have given good reviews of their sandwiches.I do hold it against them that they tried to trick me out of my portobello mushroom one time. The veggie plate came out without the mushroom, and when I asked the waitress about it, she said that they had run out and they had given me extra asparagus instead. I was disappointed that they didn't tell me this BEFORE they had brought me my meal, but they did comp some of it, at least.Food service can be a little slow, depending on the night, but I think there was only once that it really took an annoyingly long amount of time.Know that you'll leave smoky if you sit inside. But the little booths over on the left wall are very cozy for a party of two. And the front patio is great, of course, if you can grab a table.Parking WOULD be a pain if I didn't live down the street, and I'm pretty sure I wouldn't go as much as I do if it weren't within walking distance for me. If you don't live in the area, I recommend parking somewhere nearby and making a night of it; you can hop around to the many other restaurants and bars in the area, like the Old Monk.Overall, I agree with Nickie G. - Vickery Park is a great relaxed hangout for the beginning or end of your night.
<review# 2283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/29/2008,5/14/2008,322,339,11,8,8>Reno's Chop Shop is a diamond of a biker bar located in Deep Ellum. Let this pirate tell you, if you gotta spend time in a land-lubbin' bar, a biker bar is the way to go.  The front of the bar is appropriately lined with bikes, mainly Harleys, and throughout our beer drinking experience there, the guttural roar of a Harley starting up and leaving the premises would periodically interrupt the hockey game we were watching on Reno's big screen. The inside of the bar is dark but lit up with red strip lights that hang around the bar area that give off a red light district feel. The bar area is also decorated with loads of $1 bills that people have taken a sharpie to. If y'all don't believe I was there last Sunday, go look for the dollar my friend and I marked up. The bar was also pretty clean, which surprised me, and I didn't leave smelling like an ashtray, even though I smoked about half a pack of cigarettes. Upon walking into the bar, my eyes were beset with older men with hair longer than mine. One had a patch on his jacket that said, "Kill 'em all and let God sort 'em out". It was then I knew whom I was hiding behind when the brawls broke out. The other patrons were 30 somethings that sang along to the jukebox and cracked jokes with the other beer drinkers in the bar. The bar staff was also very friendly and good humored. The owner happened to be there that night, and at one point he grabbed a megaphone and announced that every time the Stars scored, the next 5 minutes the bar would have $3 you-call-its. The Stars won that night 5 - 2, and needless to say, my friend and I were feeling the effects of the owner's fanaticism.While there, I also sampled the menu. I had a burger with fries and both were pretty good. They made my burger to order, which I liked, and the fries were big, fat steak fries. Just the kind of food you'd want from a biker bar. They also have a good selection of beer and liquor. Aside from being a good bar to go watch a hockey game, Tuesday nights they have $2 beers and well drinks, Thursday is $1 drafts, and Friday they have Texas Hold 'Em tournaments.They also have a jukebox, which is one of those fancy modern contraptions that only ever has one song off each CD in its play list. However, we still managed to spend $8 on song selections. The bathrooms were clean and there was a lovely message in my stall about "call ______ at 214 _______ for a lovely STD". Man I love biker bars.
<review# 2284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2008,5/13/2008,29,75,,10,7>The other reviews talked me into talking my Saturday morning buddies into trying out Garden Cafe. And with only one trip as a data point, I think the other reviews are correct.I love to study residential architecture so the Swiss Ave/Munger area is always intriguing. When I saw the address for Garden Cafe I wondered, "Did someone restore an old home and get a restaurant permit?" No, I am guessing this little stretch of Junius, a short one-block area across from a park, was once the location for neighborhood merchants, maybe a grocery or a hardware store or a florist. How cool. The outside and inside eating venues make for nice breakfast or lunchtime choices. The walk-up ordering works fine, too. For food we kept it simple. The first guy ordered an omelet and the next 3 of us ordered the same. The final person ordered soup and salad. We all liked our omelets loads, but they forgot to make the final order. No problem, they promptly fixed the situation and it showed up a few minutes later.All in all, Garden Cafe is a great place for breakfast or lunch if you happen to be in that area of town.
<review# 2285,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,5/12/2008,621,968,4,7,6>The Angelika is the best place to go to get your indie/foreign film fix.  I like it better than the Magnolia because it is a)bigger and b)not in the extremely packed West Village.  I generally go in the afternoons on the weekend for a matinee and just pick whatever movie is coming on at the time I am there.  If you are a little early, you can walk around Mockingbird Station and shop!  (Urban Outfitters, West Elm, Gap, Victorias Secret, couple upscale vintage stores..etc).  Trinity Hall is also next door for a quick beer.  The theater itself has a cafe and bar so you can have a snack and cocktail in there as well.  They also have installed a couple of kiosks so you can buy your tix with a credit card and bypass the line outside.  Theaters are fairly big and comfortable.  One problem that I have noticed is that their upstairs concession stand is generally severely understaffed for the onslaught of people in line...so you are going to have to wait a little for that popcorn and coke.
<review# 2286,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2008,5/11/2008,112,141,5,9,7>The Bishop's Art district is a really fun place to walk around.  I would not stray to far from its borders, but the shops and the area all have a great appeal to any one who loves artsy neighborhoods.  In the middle of this Oasis of art galleries and interesting shops you ll find Hattie's.  We arrived around 1200 on Sunday for a fabulous brunch and dining experience.  We did not have reservations and waited for about 5 minutes for our table.  We waited in the Bar area and we each ordered a Bloody Mary, one virgin and one straight.  They were served with a trio of condiments; a lime, a cherry tomato, and a pickled okra.  Really hit the spot!  After consuming my beverage I realized how amazing the decor of this restaurant is.  The look of the restaurant def has that southern classic feel to it.  The tiled white and black floors, the shabby sheik paint and the white pillars really transforms you to real southern hospitality.  The only thing missing was mint juleps and Colonel Sanders.I would describe the food here as Southern Nouveau Soul Food.  The brunch menu has a wide variety for your sweet tooth or the meat eater.  We had trouble deciding what to order and just ordered a bunch.  We started with the Tomato soup which is a don't miss.  It was classically paired with a cute little grilled cheese  sandwich.  The sandwich could have been hotter but the smoked Cheddar and the crispy bread were a perfect vehicle for the velvety tomato soup.  Next we had to try the Fried green tomato sandwich with sweet potato fries.  YUM!  The tomatoes were fried to perfection with a cornmeal batter and topped with a decent mozzarella cheese.  The fries were def the star of this plate.  Don't get french fries or onion rings!  Get the sweet potato fries!  We tried a half of the sandwich and bagged it up for later that day.  Lastly,  I had never tried chicken and waffles before and on Sunday's it is one of their specials so some one should order it!  It was great, everything I dreamed of and more!  The breast was perfectly fried and the waffle was great.  It was served with a chili maple syrup which i found good enough to dose my chicken with.  My girlfriend ordered the scramble.  It came with 6 BACON wrapped oysters.  You wrap poop in bacon and its gonna be good, hehe!  The oysters were great.  The eggs were cooked perfectly and the potatoes served with it were also great!  I cant wait to come back here for dinner!  This is def the best spot for brunch in Dallas!
<review# 2287,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/19/2007,5/10/2008,47,40,,4,5>Mai's is a place I've been visiting for a long time now and I can't say it's really hit or miss, if I had to go one way or the other, I'd say it's a hit in my book.  You can bring your wine right on in, no corkage fee, the rocket shrimp always come out the same, quite tasty with seemingly fresh Romaine lettuce and cilantro and some kind of plum dipping sauce which I always load with the spicy Sciracha Rooster sauce that burns the dog out your tongue.  But this approach can never go wrong with a first date as she'll just be drinking more wine, increasing your chances of making that first move and all, lol.  Just kidding, more about the food.  Most of the grilled items are flavorful, the soups are decent although I've found better Pho down the street at the appriopriately but unimaginatively named Vietnam Restaurant, which now has a corkage fee(only 5 dollars but still a bit off-putting).  The owner, Mai, is not the most personable sort, very limited conversationalist and all but his wife, Hana, who has quite a bit of sex appeal for a lady her age, is very pleasant and helpful.  Sit near the fish aquarium, there's this cool-looking baby sharklike fish in there that I've watched grow from a fishlet to a sort of sharklet or whatever you call it.  He's fun to watch, especially after a few glasses of wine as he kind of terrorizes the other fish, snapping at them, tearing small chunks of flesh from the other more docile fish.  Quite an entertaining dinner performance if you ask me...and there's no charge for the show, lol.
<review# 2288,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2008,5/9/2008,96,16,6,8,9>Now I was taken to this coffee shop my first time in Dallas after moving away in the third grade by a local friend while attending a Christian conference in Dallas in 2004.  I have great memories of the place.  Three years later I moved to North Texas, and this place has become one of my staples.  Whenever I have a day or evening in Dallas, I almost always stop here for lunch or a hot chocolate.  It's convenient since it's right on the Oak Lawn strip so I can eat, sip, drink, dance, and chill in one neighborhood.Now Buli is located in the 'hood (as in gay) so the clientele tends to be attractive, stylish, and male.  I always laugh to myself that guys come in after "working out" perfectly groomed, in designer wife-beaters, and matching shorts.  Then they pull out their Macs and eat their banana and sit there for two hours on their free Wi-Fi.  Now, don't get me wrong.  I love it!  I can look at good-looking gay men showing off pretending they're not showing off as I grade my papers.  And I'd probably do the same thing if I had the body of a porn god.  But, it isn't all modeling.   Many friends regardless of gender gather there for lunch or coffee, and you can stay there as long as you need.  That is what I like about the place; the staff leaves you alone to do your thing even if you've been nursing your hot chocolate (which are HUGE) for two hours.  They have outdoor tables too that are perfect for a cool evening as you watch chi chi muscular Dallas walk by.  The Buli patio is my favorite place to people watch.  Inside there are some couches but mostly wooden chairs and tables with some pillows if the weather isn't cooperating too.  Now the food offered is actually really good.  I like it mucho.  They have a large selection of sandwiches, paninis, salads, juices, coffees, teas, smoothies, gelato, and pastries.  I still haven't been able to eat everything yet.  Sandwiches are served in interesting metal lunch boxes from when I was a kid and cost about $8.  Last sandwich I got was the Grilled Chicken Panini which was delicious and consisted of the chicken, Muenster cheese, basil, tomato, spinach, and raspberry chipotle chutney and came with side of kettle cooked chips and a small fruit salad.  Mmmmm.  I always get a lemonade since I'm freaking paranoid of dehydration and the meal always hits the spot.  And I always have trouble finishing.  I also find it rather attitude free which is a nice change from neighboring businesses.  It's a nice joint and not self-consciously hip like other bougie coffee shops can be.  This is a definite "Best of D/FW" place for me and I plan on taking all my out of town friends here.  I'm there quite a bit so if you recognize this Yelper say hello.  And as a fellow Yelper I'll think you totally rock so I'll buy you a hot chocolate.
<review# 2289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2008,5/8/2008,4,27,,8,8>Javier's is an institution.  You must go.  Go tonight.  I started going over 25 years ago and it is still one of the best mexican food restaurants on the planet.  The top shelf margaritas are stellar--just don't drink 3 unless you are walking home.If you don't want to wait forever, I recommend going on a Tuesday night after 8pm.  All the things the other reviewers say about the fine cars is true.  What a great place to people watch!The service is impeccable. Get the Cheese Panela!  They prepare it at the table and it is fantastic.  All the entrees are memorable, but I like Carne Asada A la Tampiquena the best.  It is a filet of beef with sauted bell peppers, guacamole, rice and black beans .  Wow.Put 'go to Javier's' on your 'things to do before I die' list.  You won't be sorry.
<review# 2290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2008,5/7/2008,132,692,2,8,6>I sort of want to give five stars, but I didn't technically stay at the Magnolia Hotel, so I feel like I can't.  I attended a conference in Dallas this past week and went to a related alumni party at the Magnolia.  From the street, the hotel looked amazing.  The style is fabulous from the entrance to the lobbies all the way up to the bar.  It's hip and modern without being cold or seeming overly "designer-y."  It felt like it was just naturally well-styled.  The caterers as well as the concierge (who gave us directions to the DART rail post-party) were really lovely and personable.  I would love to stay there sometime.
<review# 2291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2008,5/6/2008,18,27,5,5,4>I have read all of the other reviews for Potbelly and I generally agree with them. I do like their sandwiches - I get the skinny turkey on wheat everything on it, extra peppers with light mayo. I have never gotten my order wrong, but I do agree with almost everybody about the service. Not sure why people like to engage me in conversation, but they do, and I inevitably make it uncomfortable by saying something awkward too quietly and then having to repeat myself louder to emphasize the awkwardness. All that being said, I assume they are supposed to be "friendly" there so every time I go, whether it be the one on Knox or the one in Addison, the dang sandwich people try to chat me up. And ask me what I want over and over and over. And over. But I guess they get it right...The price is right $4 for a sandwich - most burgers at fast food joints that have lettuce and tomatoes on them (Big and Tasty anyone? So freakin' gross) are about that. I do like their paper cups, they are squat and chubby, kinda like what you would look like if you ate there as much as you would want to. And yes, those oatmeal chocolate chip cookies. They have crack in them. But the type of crack that doesn't dry the cookie out. (I have ruined many a batch of oatmeal chocolate chip cookie recipes trying to duplicate what they do). I like Potbellys, and the service aspect is like having to go through the lollipop part of blowpop, not too bad, but you really just want the gum... It's like a ritual, a formality that must be had before eating. I will say, I do feel greasy after I leave there. Like how you feel after eating a Snuffer's burger. Satisfying, but you leave feeling like you might have gain a pound in the process.
<review# 2292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/18/2008,5/5/2008,15,17,5,7,6>This is a great place for breakfast or brunch on a nice weekend morning!  The patio is very nice, tucked into some trees, and there's not a lot of traffic noise.LOVE:  the cloud cakes -- they're like pancakes that are made with - it think - ricatta cheese to make them very fluffy.LOVE:  The New Yorker breakfast - bagel, salmon, cream cheese.  Awesome.LIKE:  The oatmeal - it comes with many different little side options so you can add what ever ingredients you want to it.  It's a great concept, but I'm very particular about the consistency of my oatmeal -- i would prefer that it be a little heartier.LOVE:  The service -- it seems like the person who is the manager always comes around to check on how everything is.  And if he is not the manager, he sure carries himself as professionally as a manager would.LOVE:  It's very dog friendly -- they are so welcoming to dogs that the wait-person will typically bring a little dog bowl of water.ALSO NOTABLE: there is a little playground for the kids.  I don't have kids, but I can appreciate that they have they're little area.  Plus, the patio is divided so that I don't have to sit right next to the screaming kids (but can still laugh at them when they're yelling "Mom!  Randy said the base was only his and that I was still IT!")
<review# 2293,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/18/2008,5/4/2008,83,51,12,12,12>An Unconventional RevieworOde to Snookie's, a Favorite Dive(a-hem)Your cheese fries are awesome; they set a new barBurgers and chicken strips, favorites by farWho knew that ostriches made such fine burgers?Oh, and the freshly fried mushrooms are murder!But what keeps us returning each week, without failingIs Happy Hour 2:30 to 7:30 daily!(thank you...you've been a lovely audience)
<review# 2294,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2008,5/3/2008,3,6,,6,4>Formerly Art Prostitute, this is the place to find the up and coming national artists. If you've picked up a copy of Juxtapoz or looked at a skateboard as art, chances are you've seen some of the artists who regularly show in this Deep Ellum treat.This gallery should be on your list of 'cool places to bring visiting friends' when you need to show them 'Dallas ain't so bad.'The gallery has also hosted music and literary events, thrown parties and the openings are certainly a see & be seen hipster crowd that draws folks from all around DFW area.
<review# 2295,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/9/2008,5/2/2008,1,1,3,8,3>The food is excellent; the service leaves a lot to be desired. Both times that I dined at Bistro N I found that the servers were anti-social and not attentive. I absolutely love their food - the sandwiches are fabulous. If I could dine there without having to be served - it would be a more enjoyable experience for me.
<review# 2296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2008,5/1/2008,251,161,3,6,4>Buffet Style, Inexpensive Dim Sum.After my horseback riding lesson a couple of Sundays ago, my friend and I tried to get into the Kirin Court for lunch and decided we couldn't deal with the 40 plus minute wait.So we decided to head towards the Richardson Chinatown to satisfy our craving for Chinese food.Serendipitously, we happened upon Shuiwa that not only serves dim sum but buffet style at that.  All the ubiquitous staples of dim sum are present and they all tasted delicious.There's nothing too extravagant about this place but the service is pretty good especially compared to other dim sum venues.I don't even remember having to ask them to split the check.  They were very accommodating and actually managed to refill your drink on more than one occasion.I kid you not.And best of all, its cheap.
<review# 2297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2008,4/30/2008,52,186,4,11,7>There's a misconception about Central Market. Some people think that everything in CM is overpriced and can be found cheaper at Tom Thumb, Kroger, or Whole Foods.  Yes, there are some items that can be found cheaper elsewhere. However, I've noticed that there are several items I buy weekly that can always be found cheaper at CM. The most outrageous example is my favorite ceral ever, Kashi GoLean Crunch, which Kroger and Tom Thumb sell for $4.29-$4.99. Central Market? $2.49. Ok, so now that we cleared that up, we can all recognize that Central Market is a fantastic supermarket. but the real prize is their sandwich counter.  You can choosse from their list of 12-15 Central Market created sandwiches or you can create one of your own. Those making the sandwiches are incredibly friendly and will always make it exactly as you want. They don't pull any Subway bullshit; if you want extra meat or extra cheese, you'll get it. Every sandwich I've had here has been great, but their crowned jewel, and my current obsession, is their turkey and brie sandwich with a few key alterations.Here's what you need to do: order the hot turkey and brie sandwich, but ask for it on the round italian bread. This is way better than the bread the sandwich traditionall comes on. Next, nix the mustard and ask for extra cranberry.  Then sit back and watch as they create the most spectacular sandwich of all time: turkey, brie, arugula, walnuts, cranberry - all toasted to perfection.You can thank me later.
<review# 2298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2008,4/29/2008,21,63,2,8,7>OK so I will admit it right up front - I got there and wanted a glass (bottle?) of wine more than any chocolate in the place. But after I got that taken care of (buy a bottle, it's cheaper than two glasses) I was amazed at the selection of chocolates and truffles. The goodies are all within a glass case at the front counter (where you also order wine...I see a pattern here). It's like a bakery, with the shelves of chocolates and their names in rows. The chocolates are imported from France and local, so it's a great mix and the quality is super high.The best deal in the place is to just go for the pairing. It's worth it after one chocolate and two glasses of wine - and for that price you get four chocolates and two glasses. Take them home if you dont want them or give them to your neighbor's annoying dog... The ambiance of the place is boutique / cafe style, upscale but still casual enough to walk in there any time for a chocolate and some coffee. I wouldn't go often, but it's fun to do once in awhile.
<review# 2299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2008,4/28/2008,60,227,2,7,4>If you love Bubble Tea this is the spot! The Boba is some of the freshest and most delicious that I've ever tasted. I swear they must make it fresh numerous times a day. A tad more on the "Americanized" side than some bubble tea places- definitely catering to the smoothie and tea crowd- not just the boba fanatics. The flavors are great, and I agree with previous reviewers that the tea of the day is always delicious. Another bonus is that they have free wi-fi and it's a comfy place to sit and hang out.
<review# 2300,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2008,4/27/2008,4,19,2,6,6>Decided to stop in after seeing this on Yelp and remembering how yummy galbi was from my time in Korea.  I took a friend from Michigan who never had Korean food before so it was a big adventure for her.  Ordered the complete dinner for two, which unfortunately didn't allow us to fire up the grill(not clear from the menu).  The meal was WAY more food than we could eat, but all of it was great.   My friend really enjoyed everything except the traditional Kim Chee (which takes some getting used to anyway).  The one weird thing was that various people served the dishes and when we'd ask questions they would run away and bring someone else.   I understand that they probably couldn't understand me, but happend 3 different times with 3 different people....a little weird.I like this place and would go here again.
<review# 2301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2008,4/26/2008,60,212,2,6,6>When my fiance and I went here for the first time, we were definitely put off (1) by the neighborhood and (2) by the outward appearance of restaurant.  It's location isn't great, but trust me, their food more than makes up for their location.  We were pleasantly suprised by the interior design of the place.  To some, it may be a little fanatic, but it felt homey and inviting once we got used to the mafia-looking guy up front.  The zoot-suit attire of the manager made us giggle but also added a little authenticity to the place.To start: their bread was very tasty.  Soft, warm, and decadent.  When we opened the menu, my jaw dropped.  The prices are phenomenally cheap.  Again, this does not speak for the quality of food or service you receive.  I ordered the pan seared chicken breast and was pleasantly suprised by the juiciness of the meat and the overall flavor experience.  Their vegetables were cooked well and the lemon sauce nearly made me want to lick the plate!  (Although I did resist the urge!).  I had plenty of leftovers for lunch the next day to relive the experience! :)All in all, it's a little out of the way location-wise and the neighborhood is a little questionable, but this place is definitely worth a try (or two).
<review# 2302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2008,4/25/2008,133,465,9,11,6>Where but Texas would you find "Cowboy Cab"?   Oh, I know, Oklahoma or Wyoming are good candidates, but I found Cowboy Cab in Dallas. Unlike one of their competitors, Yellow Cab, which doesn't answer their phone when you call for a cab, Cowboy Cab was prompt.  I wanted a cab for 5:45 AM to go to the airport.  A couple of minutes before 5:45 AM, the driver called to say he was outside.  My luggage was loaded and a pleasant drive to the airport ensued.  When I need a cab in Dallas, I'm gonna get me a cowboy and ride 'em!  :)
<review# 2303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2008,4/24/2008,73,207,8,11,10>How can there only be two reviews of Gilley's??  Is Dallas so self-absorbed that admitting you've been here would be a social faux pas?  Only tourists allowed?Ok, I wasn't here to hang out either.  I was here because I was actually playing a gig.  And uttering the phrase "I've got a gig at Gilley's" was NOT something that I ever thought would come out of my mouth.  "Got a gig at Reunion Arena", "Got a gig at the knife and gun club", "Got a gig at the heavy metal bar with the strip club next door" were all valid possibilities.  But not  "Got a gig at Gilley's."  Nonetheless, there I was.  And they didn't even force me to play country tunes.One way to measure a great club is by the quality of their staff, and arguably the turnover.  I talked to three people who had been working there for years, and the house sound guy has been working there since they opened.  That tells me that they treat their people very well, as do the patrons.  (Ok, it could mean that they have no life or imagination, but I'm betting on the former.)Lots of different rooms, lots of places to go.  I was working, so admittedly I'm not seeing this through the starry eyes of a tourist or the jaded eyes of a local, but I was impressed with the flow, the activities (yes, they still pull out a mechanical bull) and the service.Would I go back as a patron?  Nah....been there, done that.  Besides, I ain't no urban cowboy.  But you should go.  Honest.
<review# 2304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2008,4/22/2008,126,176,14,6,6>Just a warning: I'm about to sound REALLY SNOBBY and name-droppy. Ahem....When I went to Italy about a decade ago and had my first cone of gelato while watching couples kissing on the edge of the Trevi fountain in Rome, I knew that nothing on American soil had EVER graced my lips like this luscious concoction.  A decade after that intimate rendezvous with Rome's coffee gelato, I walked into Paciugo and had an earth-shattering experience as a flood of Italian memories washed over me in the form of Raspberry Cheesecake Paciugo gelato.  The ONLY reason this place hasn't put Braums, DQ, Cold Stone, Baskin Robbins (ew), and all the others out of business is price.  Gelato is made with natural, higher quality ingredients, yielding a healthier, LOW FAT product that is a bit more expensive to produce.  Otherwise, I'd bathe in it.  Daily.
<review# 2305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,4/21/2008,14,43,4,7,4>I really like the food at Hector's -- very tasty.  We ordered two bottles of wine at the same time (10-top), yet the full bottle of red sat, unopened, for a good 25 minutes.  The food, as noted, makes this place worth it.My major gripe is Hector's singing.  This guy is nice -- personable, affable, energetic, helpful.  A great owner -- but when you are inside, even the piano alone can be too loud (and we are all in our late 20s with fully-functioning ears).  Once Hector starts belting out tunes, conversation becomes very difficult.  And, because the restaurant (inside anyway) is so small, you feel awkward for (gasp!) wanting to have conversation over dinner and not paying him attention.  I see people like this and see it as adding a certain charm, but our entire table was put off by the singing.  I'll sit outside next time.
<review# 2306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2008,4/20/2008,14,30,,10,5>For those from San Diego, this is exactly Henry's, and looks to be run by the same company. A small footprint store, concentrating on meat, produce, bulk, and supplements. In San Diego, it is also slightly out of the way, maybe to get into cheaper real estate locations so they can keep the price of the food down.Just what the doctor ordered for Dallas, a manageable sized funky place with good quality.Whole foods has lost some of it's mojo ( at least to me), and Central Market is staggeringly excellent and staggeringly expensive.Sprouts fills in nicely around these places, and is certainly worth the drive.Also, on Wednesdays the sale ad's overlap, so you can still get the last week and new week's sale items at the same time!  Cool idea
<review# 2307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2008,4/19/2008,68,80,5,9,7>Disposable clothing!!! I love it! If you're going for quantity and not quality, go no further.  Forever 21 has been a staple for cute tees and puff-sleeve tops in my wardrobe for some time now.  I used to stock up in here (or any of their locations) like the embittered folk who bought into the "Y2K" thing.  Unfortunately, they caught up--how dare they take advantage of the market!  Now, a once-$11 top is $17.99 (Heaven forbid!)This particular location is quite a bazaar.  With two levels of cram-packed racks (usually sorted by colour, which I LOVE,) and piles of ca-sleeve tee shirts and tank tops, you'll be dazzled.  But with this comes a sense of anxiety unmatched by places selling similar styles.  Well, I mean, for similar prices...You'll find a top nearly identical to something sold at Bebe, for a fraction of a fraction of the price....but you may not get the quality.  (Actually I'm not sure about this comparison as I have never purchased clothing at Bebe.)I don't even look at the bottoms or dresses at Forever 21--there's not a chance in Hell I'll find something that fits even half-way up my legs.  But I really keep going here for the tops.  Cute, simple, and in all your basic (and not-so-basic) colours.  The price is SOOOO right!!!
<review# 2308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2008,4/18/2008,46,123,51,,5>Although we've never been, my husband and I love this store. Every time we drive by, we do a little car-skitHusband -  "Would you like your condom for here, or to go?"Kelly L. - "Oh, gosh, I thought you only had them to go? I can use them here?"H- "Well no.... Condoms For Here is down the street... They charge  a bit more. Would you like the number for the Madam, uh, I mean Manager?"K - " ... oh dear."
<review# 2309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2008,4/16/2008,419,663,2,7,6>Seriously?  I haven't reviewed Thai Soon yet?  Thank you Joseph for making me realize this error in my ways.I was on a curry kick for a good two weeks in March.  One night on my way home, I stopped and ordered Panang Pineapple Chicken Curry with an extra side of rice to go.  My car smelled so good and I was starving by the time I got that styofoam container from Richardson to Allen.Oh how I love Pineapple Chicken Curry.  It is even better for leftovers.One day two weeks ago Jen C and I went for lunch.  I had never actually eaten at Thai Soon, only picked up food to go.  This was the first time I had ever noticed the "fumes" that other people have mentioned in their reviews.  The smell quickly dissapated and it didn't bother me.I ordered my staple and was excited to see the Yellow Curry Soup and the Veggie Egg Roll that came with my meal.  I loved the soup and as Joseph said, the dipping sauce for the egg roll was perfectly sweet & spicy.Jen C graciously met me for lunch that day even though she is not a fan of Thai food.  She liked the soup and the Veggie Egg Roll.  She ordered spring rolls that were not fried, which surprised her... but the Peanut Sauce was AWESOME.  I was more than happy to take home not only my own leftovers, but Jen's too.  After making some Indian food at home and using leftover rice from my Pineapple Curry... I think I had some sort of curry every day for over a week.I ordered a Thai Tea to go instead of stopping for a Bubble Tea on my way back to work.  It was delicious and sweet.Thai Soon, I will be back.SOON.
<review# 2310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2008,4/15/2008,36,71,7,5,5>Joe's is comfy, kitschy (in a great way), and cheap.I'll stand by the notion that if the crowd is elderly, the place has GOT to have some kind of truth to it :) Because you just KNOW that they've been going there forever, like everyday, for the past 90 years. Maybe not 90 years. Maybe just 70. I can walk to Joe's, everyone is really friendly, and your drinks are always full. You just can't beat down-home!
<review# 2311,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/5/2008,4/14/2008,549,363,8,10,5>Okay, full disclosure: I used to live above Tom Tom and they (well, the management, or whoever had their damn finger on the volume of the "boom-chick boom-chick" music that goes on until 1 in the morning) are some of the most aggravating people on the planet.That being said... a year or 3 went by and we finally decided our hatred had passed and went there for lunch. I had a bento box and digged it. The tempura portion was yummy but greasy. DH had some sort of noodle dish (pad thai) and it was also purty good. Service was pretty sucky, and thus the 3 stars. They weren't busy but they sure did take forever to take our order, bring our food, refill our drinks, give us the check... had to waggle them down every time we needed any little thing.If there were more people who were more concerned about customers and less concerned about how they looked "serving" things might start lookin' like 4 stars.
<review# 2312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,4/13/2008,23,7,2,6,3>So I'm sorta a vegan (I don't really care about eggs) and moving from Austin to Dallas is a difficult change for someone who enjoys eating lunch out. In Austin a vegan gets used to having options when it comes to food. In Dallas there is much more compromise a vegan must make to eat out. Not so at Murray Street Coffee Shop. While the menu is not "vegan" designed they do try and keep it diverse enough for us minorities to eat. I had a very helpful bartista who made me a sandwich that wasn't listed on the menu. It was like cooking for myself, but not, which is good if your a lazy sod-- which I am. I enjoyed a pesto/avocado tomato sandwich on some very nice bread. I even ate a peanut butter cookie (which may have not been vegan) that had a little extra taste thanks to pieces of butterscotch toffee. The coffee is good. The best part-- servers are very pleasant. I gave the guy a $5.00 dollar tip and his eyes lit up with gratitude. When I give a good tip in Austin I'm met with the hipster stare of apathy-- not at murray. Murray street cafe is my new hang out-- and it should be yours too. Just buy something if you hang out--- don't be a douche.
<review# 2313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2008,4/12/2008,107,206,2,5,5>In Dallas for a legal conference, three of us went to Lola for dinner.The restaurant, as is obvious to anyone who has read these reviews, is in a house somewhere in Dallas (hey, I live in Berkeley -- what do I know from Dallas neighborhoods?).  The courtyard, with soft music playing through recessed speakers is welcoming, and the house itself -- with its hardwood floors, subtly painted walls and candlelight -- is warm and inviting.  So far, so good!The menu is a prix fixe arrangement, charged by the number of courses you order -- two courses, $36 (who orders only two courses???); three courses, $43; and four courses, $49 -- with some special selections, such as the seared foie gras, earning a $5 supplement.  So far, so good!I started off with a salad of bitter greens, with a fried egg, pancetta and more, with a light and delicate vinegrette.  Delicious.  Moved on to the seared foie (served with brioche, cippolini and pancetta), which was truly superb -- delightfully complimented by an excellent glass of 2005 Domaine des Bernadins Muscat de Beaumes-de-Venise.  For the entre, I opted for the chicken, which I was surprised to find was a quarter (I was expecting a half -- don't know why, exactly, but there you go).  That said, it was a delicious chicken.  My wife had the same salad, the sweetbread ravioli, and duck -- which was a bit too rich.  And our friend had the butternut squash soup, the foie and the Scottish salmon.  The salmon and the foie were both excellent choices.  While the other dishes were delicious and well made, they lacked that certain "spark" that makes the dish -- and ultimately the meal -- truly memorable.The wine list IS indeed extensive, but there are several bargains on the list -- if you know how and where to look.  The bottle of 2000 Mount Eden Vineyards Estate Pinot Noir from the Santa Cruz Mountains was not only quite reasonable in price, but quite extraordinary with our meal!The service was efficient, proper, yet somewhat cool -- though that could have been the individual waiter, rather than the restaurant itself."Would I go back" is always the key question to ask.  For me, the answer is "yes" -- I enjoyed our evening there -- but it's a place I could easily forego if someone I knew/respected/trusted came through with a recommendation for a place "you have to try."As always, "good for kids" depends upon your kids.  Same goes for "good for groups."
<review# 2314,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/30/2008,4/11/2008,227,57,1,8,5>Big D's Dogs has good hot dogs but not good enough to be called "Dallas' Finest Hot Dog". Even though this cute, little joint off Greenville avenue previously received Dallas Observer's reward for Best Hot Dog, I think I've had better. One great thing about this place is that they serve only kosher dogs on potato bread buns. I'd only recommend this place for late night snacking, especially after some heavy drinking or concert-going since it's right across the Granada theatre.
<review# 2315,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/31/2008,4/10/2008,725,843,11,9,4>UPDATE: BREAKFAST AT SWEET TOMATOSThey had a pajama party.  Kids in jammies ate free so I put the munchkin in her Rainbow Brite fuzzy pj's and we headed to Sweet Tomatoes.  There was a great deal of "awwww momming" going on but when she got there and got free food she was okay (apple and tree reference inferred).They had a couple of eggy dishes, several bready dishes including french toast and waffles, potatos, oatmeal, and macaroni and cheese.  What was offered was tasty.  I liked it.  However, for the regular price of around $8 for adults and $4 for kids, I really wanted more meat.  There was sausage bits in the gravy and there was bacon bits in the eggs, but that was about it.  I mean...I know they are not really set up for a lot of meat options, but dang, microwave me some pre-prepared bacon or something.  I'm hungry in the morning!They do have the lunch food already out, so my daughter did add on a big hearty bowl of soup.  I'm not totally sure that's correct form, but it's not like we made a huge "breakfast salad."Food was good for what it was but a little pricey.  I guess eggs are not recession proof.  I may stick to the Rooty Tooty Fesh and Fruity on PJ Sundays.DINNER:  Really it was a 3.5 after I had one of those little peanut butter cookies with the chocolate chips in it.  Seriously it's a Souper Salad with more bells and whistles.  I agree with everyone regrading the Wonton Salad...that was delish!  Other than that the lemony caper creamy pasta thing was great, but that's a personal taste thing.  Most folks wouldn't have been wowed by it.  I probably would not have gone if it hadn't been lemony pasta night.  And the lemon muffins were pretty tasty.  The rest was good but nothing to write home about. My main complaint...the ice cream was too cold.  I know that sounds ludicrous, but it was true.  It hurt my tongue.   My secondary complaint...tiny plates.  When you go through the main line get an extra big plate and fight to keep it otherwise you will make a gazillion runs to the other stations to fill itsy bitsy plates.  I know they are trying to make me eat more lettuce and less pasta...but screw that.  I'm old enough for a big-girl plate, thank you very much.And, I still feel guilty for eating salad  It's not fattening if it comes from a salad bar, right?
<review# 2316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2008,4/9/2008,125,89,14,14,13>Ya know that Twilight Zone with Burgess Meredith where he's a bank teller who wishes everyone would leave him alone so that he could spend all his time reading books, and then when everyone's killed in nuclear Armageddon he scours the library, grabs every book he can find, and intends to spend the rest of eternity reading?  If I was Burgess Meredith in that Twilight Zone, I would've headed to Titan FIRST!  (Uh...except that in the Twilight Zone, he breaks his glasses and can't read...so he ends up killing himself.  I won't have that problem thanks to lasik surgery!)They have 70,000 back issues packed into a location that's the size of a small gym.  The place is clean, it's well organized, the employees are nice, and the owner knows EVERY SINGLE BOOK that he has and where it's located.  Sometimes the prices can be a little high, but what do you expect from the store that has everything?  Generally speaking you can buy it at Titan, or else you're not getting it at all!This place is what comic book stores look like in my dreams!  And yeah, I do mean my nightmares, too.  Ya see, Titan has virtually every comic book I've ever wanted, and even MORE that I would want if only I'd ever heard of them!  I could never afford (or read) them all, not in my wildest dreams!  So I guess it's kind of a nightmare...but a REALLY NERDY nightmare.  (The kind of nightmare where girls still laugh at me for reading comic books... *sigh*)
<review# 2317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2008,4/8/2008,11,18,1,4,5>If you are thinking about going to this place, Go.The reason it looks so nice inside is that all the wood is mahogany imported form Ireland. Someone wrote that Trinity Hall is Irelandtown at Disneyland - that made me laugh because I could see his point. I gather that people are put off by a good looking establishment in a mall/shopping complex. But if you live in Dallas, you often are going to have this problem a lot. That's just the area. Once I am inside, I forget everything outside. And I like that quality in a bar!Go for a Guinness and Fish and Chips. Then see if you don't have a good time.
<review# 2318,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2008,4/7/2008,103,40,1,4,3>Depending on the day and time of day seems to be how good that $3.00 cupcake is.  I've had a bunch of different flavors, The red velvet is hands down the best, and anything with vanilla as a base is great...the only flavor i didn't care for is the carrot (cup)cake. Don't forget the milk..it is always nice and cold!
<review# 2319,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/3/2008,4/6/2008,418,937,6,13,8>I agree with my Yelping cohorts that Sting suffers from a serious identity crisis.  After all, is it a sports bar?  Restaurant?  Billiards hall?  Karaoke bar?  Vegas-style lounge?  I don't know.  Somebody must have wanted it all because he tossed in a live band and an outdoor patio with a blazing fountain all on top of the kitchen sink (located in the restrooms).  This multi-venue establishment is the adult version Chuck' E Cheese where there's a something for everyone whether it be food, singing mouse, skeeball, or the ball pit.  Who would be attracted to such a place with so much bells and whistles?  People who have settled down and need a place that offers a one-stop shop.  I'm talking about middle-aged folks from the suburbs.  I'm talking about married couples with their married friends.  I'm talking about housewives who've seen too much Bravo and equally convinced they're no different.  Its just not suitable for young bachelors hoping to send their friend on one last hoorah (the best man was absent in the planning process and it was a last minute decision).Ultimately, whoever designed Sting had Adult HADD in mind.  Its a place for fidgety people who crave constant change and cannot manage to stand still.  A place for safari-bound young gamesmen eager to poach cougars.  A place that reminds me of home back on the East Coast whenever I pick up the tab.
<review# 2320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/5/2008,7,6,14,9,7>Do you sleep at night?Are you awake during the day?Do you blink involuntarily?Are you breathing right now?If you answered yes to any of the above questions then this is the place for you. Listen, five stars isn't a score I like giving away. Actually I hold on to that ranking tighter than, wait a sec, lets keep this PG. If you're looking for a place that serves yummy Israeli food, then look no further. You can also do some grocery shopping (for specialty Israeli products) and grab some meat from the kosher deli while you're there.Yum.
<review# 2321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2008,4/4/2008,101,223,9,6,8>Holy shit!  The State Fair of Texas!!!  This is probably the coolest place on planet Earth.  You are in for a rollercoaster ride in this place for sure.  More midget retard carnies than you can shake a stick at.  I don't even know where to begin.  Big Tex is the man.  2nd largest ferris wheel in the world (thanks some stupid asian country).  The food is unbelievable.  Not for the faint of heart.  Corndogs everywhere...GOOD corn dogs.  Funnel cakes, fried balogna, fried pickles, the texas tornado (a potato thing I highly recommend), chocolate dipped banannas, cheese sticks, onion straws with malt vinegar, I could go on for days.  Tons of kick ass stuff to do here.  You could spend a week and not see it all.  Plus you can get hammered on the relatively cheap.  I'm telling you this place rocks.  Where else can you see a fucking chicken play a guitar for a quarter?!!  I seriously fly back to TX from LA every year for it...it's that sweet.  Couple of quick stories about the State Fair of Texas.  One was when myself and Paul (see King's Cabaret review) and a couple of friends.  We got wasted and went in the carnie's trailer area to smoke some grass.  He got all lit up and passed out right in front of some carnie's trailer for like 2 hours until I finally got him up again.  That was story 1.  Here's story 2.  Paul and I again, different year, at the state fair.  We decide we're going to rent those old people electric scooters for the day to toodle around the fair...we're lazy.  So we do and we proceed to get hammered again (weird how most of my reviews all have something to do with me getting hammered...oh well) and drive about the park.  So at the end of the night we drive past this fountain.  The fountain is built under the ground.  So you can walk right on top of it.  I think you see where this is going...but if you don't I'll spell it out for you.  I thought it would be a great idea to drive the fucking cart through the fountain as many times as I could.  Excellent plan.  So I do.  Back and forth, back and forth til the thing dies.  I push the damn thing a ways from the fountain and go explain to the scooter man that "mine's broken".  He gets to it and pushes it back.  I ask for another scooter and he kindly gives me another.  He notices water pouring out of the broken scooter and asks "you didn't go near any water did you?"  "No" I respond.  "Ok just checking...because it looks like there's water in the scooter..."  "No idea dude..."  And I take off in my new perfectly functioning, full battery scooter.  There it is folks...ENJOY IT!!! (that's a Brody Stevens reference people...work with me here!)  Ok so go to the damn Texas State Fair!  You could wrap all other state fairs up together and they would not be 1/100th as good as the Texas State Fair...FACT!  Ok enough ranting...go.  It's in October...see you there!
<review# 2322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2007,4/3/2008,1147,1223,2,10,9>The JUNGLE burger...A real burger for someone with good taste..oh wow. sooooo freakin delicious. ok, here is the description: Sauteed onions, mushrooms, jalapenos, bell pepper, american and provolone cheese, mayo, mustard, ketchup, hickory sauce, lettuce, tomato, pickles, and bacon.No "hold the onion, hold the lettuce" here. The bacon is thick and crunchy, plently of all the fixin's--no skimping...there will be yummy onions and peppers to enjoy after you have finished your burger...you'll be too full, but you'll still want to grab at least a little piece of mushroom or bacon crumb...it's that good.Oh yeah and did I mention this burger is HUGE? almost fits an entire styrafoam container and the small fry, is not small at all.The fries were pretty good too, tasted like seasoning salt..i love it all.plus you can call ahead and order, but I wouldn't suggest it cuz all the sauce and veggies can easily make the bottom bun soggy.
<review# 2323,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/23/2008,4/1/2008,66,283,,6,4>I recently stayed at the Raddison up the street from Vic's, and looking for dinner spied the Trader Vic's sign.  I've eaten at the Seattle TVs and had a good meal there, so was hoping for a repeat experience.Walking up to the entrance, I was bid a "good evening" by the valet--definitely a good service to offer given the limited parking close by.From there, it was mostly downhill.  Reaching the host(ess) area, there was nary a server in sight.  No biggie, as a frequent business traveler dining alone, I walked myself to the bar and pulled up a stool.  The bartender was friendly enough.  The place was very quiet (it was a Monday during a holiday week), so he quickly took my order.  For how quiet it was, I was surprised by how long my plate took to arrive.  Unfortunately, cutting into my Hawaiin Pork chop, the center of it was uncooked.  I was starving, having missed lunch and really didn't want to wait longer, so I ate the edges and filled up on the mashed potatoes.  The virgin fruit drink I had was ok, but too much crushed ice left over.  And the creme brulee came with the crust unheated.  A good creme brulee should always have a just torched glaze.  Total bill with 18% tip--$48.  Way too much for one non-alcoholic drink and a standard plate.I'm sure this place would be fun as a group imbibing in the potent drinks, but given the plate price, the meat should ALWAYS come correctly cooked.
<review# 2324,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2008,3/31/2008,92,271,,9,4>For many, many years, I just thought Braum's sold burgers and ice cream. It wasn't until a week ago when my big brother took us there to buy milk for my mom that I realized there was more to the place than grills and shakes. My bro swears that Braum's milk tastes fresher than other milk. Since I'm not a connoisseur of dairy milk (I usually drink soy), it's hard for me to give an opinion. But I trust my bro, so there you go. While we inside, I saw they had shelves lined with fresh fruit, a bevy of meat, cheese, eggs (real and fake for your health) and of course, ice cream. Everything was reasonably priced, too. Not too much late after my Columbus-style discovery, my younger bro and I ate there. He had a chicken sandwich w/fries while I had the 1/3 lb jalapeno burger w/fries and a cherry limeade. I love cherry limeades. They make me smile inside. And I'm a fan of their fries because they're crinkle-cut (those are the BEST kind of fries). My only complaint is that it took awhile to get our food. Definitely wouldn't call it fast food. But I suppose that's a sign that things are fresh and made to your order. Since we didn't get to have any ice cream, I can't quite give it the ultimate 5 stars. But next time I'm down south, I'm going to have a peanut butter sundae there and that'll tell the truth.
<review# 2325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2008,3/30/2008,11,9,4,10,8>Did it live up to the hype? In some ways, absolutely, in others, not at all. Overall, a great dining experience for Dallas. I came here with my boyfriend this evening after hearing rave reviews from friends and the media alike. All of the staff members were VERY friendly and accommodating, especially after my boyfriend requested to be seated at another table immediately after we were seated on a busy Saturday night. Nervous we might inconvenience the hostess, I was pleasantly surprised with how effortlessly she re-seated us at one of the best tables in the dining room with a great view of the open kitchen. We were greeted several times by Chef Rathbun who sent out a fabulous beet salad to our table with his compliments. Not only did he come over to our table to periodically check in on OUR meal, but he was attentive to ALL of the dining room guests, constantly asking how their meals were, etc. Our server was great too. We wanted to try one of the elk dishes featured on the menu created from Chef's winning Iron Chef competition and after choosing to order the elk meatballs, our server spoke honestly and told us not to order them! Instead he recommended the elk strip loin, which was delicious and perfectly cooked by the way. I appreciated his honesty and efforts to ensure our meal would be the best it could be.Moving on to the rest of the meal. We had to order the famed "lobster shooters," which were flavorful, but lacking in terms of correct consistency. They were a little tough for my liking and perhaps overcooked. I will give Abacus props for the innovative and interactive aspects of the dish though. I mean, who doesn't like to pour a little broth over a little lobster ball in a sake cup and send it down the hatch!?!?! So fun!! My boyfriend ordered the foie gras dish and said it was cooked perfectly. I will have to take his word for it since I am not a foie lover, but he is a pretty tough critic of foie. So if he gives it the thumbs up, bravo!! I ordered the crab salad, which was probably my least favorite of all of our dishes. The crab was fresh and beautifully presented, but I found myself loving the green beans underneath the crab salad more than the actual crab itself. Finally, on to the shining star of the meal. The SNAPPER!! This was one of the most memorable fish dishes I have ever had in my life. I savored every little morsel of the perfectly crisped fish. The shrimp dumplings underneath the fish and the broth: superb!! I wish I hadn't eaten so much before so I could lick the plate clean. As a pastry chef, I had to order dessert. Admittedly, I am not a chocolate lover, so I was disappointed not to see some sort of fruit dessert offering besides a fried apple pie. Sometimes after a long meal, all you want is a fresh fruit component and there was none to be found. I settled for the tower of cookies which comes pre-wrapped in cellophane. Thank God for that because by the time dessert came, there was no way I could eat one more bite. Overall, the meal was wonderful. Definitely check out Abacus when in Dallas for a delicious meal and the best fish of your life!!
<review# 2326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,3/29/2008,420,662,3,11,6>I think it's pretty rare to find a Mexican restaurant that offers anything other than the typical tacos, quesadillas and guacamole. BORING. But Desperados is a tasty exception. I can even get my picky and health conscious dad to eat here, which is quite a feat.Like the other reviewers, I have to give praise for the Desperado tacos. They're what the place is famous for, with good reason. Don't miss 'em.But the utterly unique items that stand out are the Azteca steamer (orange roughy fish steamed in corn husks) and the white fish ceviche. YUM. The inside is a little dark, but it's comfortable enough, and the waitstaff are super nice.Desperados is not your average Mexican joint, and that's a good thing. (PS, they also have concession stands at Texas Stadium, so a Cowboys game is the perfect chance to indulge.)
<review# 2327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2008,3/28/2008,23,71,1,4,4>LOVE Kennys! We used to go here all the time for late night drinking. There is a very small, but posh, bar area backed up by a spacious dining room. It's more of a "fine dining" atmosphere (white linen, dimly lit), but after 11 or so it's fun to go here and drink. Grey Goose is on tap, and the bartenders are nice. The best thing is that they serve their full menu late night. Get drunk and eat the grilled chicken sandwich. It is the best thing you will ever have in life. Your face will thank you. Lots of people are also crazy about the adult macaroni - i think it has gouda in it...Four stars because the bar area is ridiculously small. If you go for halloween or other special parties they have a free hors d'oeuvres buffet that is fucking delicious.
<review# 2328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2008,3/27/2008,263,343,4,6,6>I didn't love this restaurant, but I didn't hate it either.  I'll definitely go back.  I had excellent service and loved the ambiance.  It's not strictly Indian; in fact, I'd say only 40% of the menu is Indian.  I had the Malay Crispy beef and it was very good.  My mother had the Indian Flounder, and found it to be bland, but fresh fish.  My wife had the Chicken Tikka and it was perfectly cooked.  Overall I was satisfied with the food and the experience.  It was bland for me, but you can always spice it up with Sriracha(which they do offer if you ask).  Dallas is a tough place for Indian food, all the restaurants suck, including India Palace which is everyone's default when you ask what's a good Indian restaurant in Dallas.  If you want really good Indian food call me and I'll make the best Biryani in town!  Oh, I have a 15 month old and she loved the somosa's and they closed the atrium for us so she could run around.  They were all really good with kids.PS (03/17/08)I got a handwritten card from Mark Brezinski the founder and general Partner.  I thought this was a nice touch.  He thanked me for my patronage and kind words.  I have friends that own Indian restaurants in Dallas and not one would have the class to do something like that.  Also, Anupam the exec chef offered to make some special dishes from my childhood if I gave him a few days notice.  This gets them an extra star in my book!
<review# 2329,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/15/2007,3/26/2008,136,153,,10,6>What seems like an eternity ago, I had Jay Strange ink a small pair of metallic wings on my back. The size of both of my hands together, they had deep meaning to me. He did an excellent job and after many life changes and several years later, I went back to him to augment the wings to somethin larger and more meaningful to me - afterall, my life changed, why couldn't my tattoo?I sat with Jay for nearly 9 hours as we hashed out ideas and he began inking. Unfortunately I had to stop at 10:00pm due to having to drive back to Austin that night for work the next day, so I was only able to have a little more than half completed. The picture on my profile is the initial work hours after its completion. I was very pleased with his work and have always found him to be an exceptionally talented and his attention to detail is second-to-none in Dallas.Unfortunately, when I scheduled the followup to have it completed, I was stuck on I-35 in between Dallas and Austin for two and a half hours trying to contact Jay. The only way to contact Jay is via e-mail, as he is extremely busy with appointments for a fair majority of his time. After sending several emails to no avail, I assumed at least one of them would have reached him. A week later, after the failed appointment, I contacted him again. This time my email found him and he shot one back, railing into me about being a flake and costing him money amongst other insults. I completely understood why he was angry, however, his methods of contact made it nearly impossible to tell him I was unable to make it due to unforseen circumstances. Because of this I chose not to return to Jay to complete my back piece and will be seeking another artist here in Austin.However, despite the friction and drama, Jay is very talented and I'd suggest going there if you'd like quality work, but be very clear about your times and dates and keep in mind he can only be contacted via email.
<review# 2330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2007,3/25/2008,161,200,3,4,11>Bomb-bizzle.Seriously, bomb-bizzle. A+ for decorA+ for concierge (so nice)A+ for comfy bedA+ for their barA+ room service (breakfast is YUM-E)A+ for general atmosphereIf you're ever in Dallas and want a hip, chic hotel you need to stay here. It's a little far from the airport ($45 cab fare) but sooo-ho-ho worth it.
<review# 2331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2008,3/24/2008,24,14,4,5,5>Where it says Attire: Jacket required. it is not required. I think being a 5star restaurant it doesnt give off that snobbish vibe, i think it welcomes everyone in.. which i love about it.if you sit in Dean's Kitchen its an open faced kitchen and they have cute chef's working the line.. good eye candy while you're having din din. They have 2bar areas and 4 different dining areas that all serve from the same menu. the rooms have their own style and mood setting.The bar on weekends is great for people watching even when you are sober... its pretty interesting watching the characters that come in and out.what i dont understand is the late night fights at the bars.. i mean... the last time i checked i was at the ritz-carlton.
<review# 2332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2007,3/23/2008,90,154,,6,3>We went to Alo for brunch today for our first time.  I know that I've bashed La Duni before for the service, but we had extremely attentive service - likely because we were the only people in the joint.  At 9:30 am on Sunday morning the place was a ghost town.  Maybe everyone was still in bed.  Or church.  Or whatever Dallas folks do on Sunday mornings.  Cause it's not the food that's keeping them away.We started with complimentary sweet potato biscuits served with orange butter.  Together they were sublime, buttery and sweet.  The biscuit had a savory texture on its own without the butter, and was awesome either way.  For breakfast I had Gorditas, flour tortilla pockets filled with scrambled eggs, cheese and green onions and served with potatoes (the same awesome ones at La Duni) and beans.  My husband had their Iron Skillet Migas, which was the best we've had outside of Mexico.  Really un-Texas tasting, which isn't a compliment or insult: it was just totally authentic.Service was fine, nothing remarkable, but not nearly as bad as La Duni.  We'll come back for dinner.  The decor and textures around the place were really pretty and interesting.  A lot of love and work went into the place, you can tell.  I hope the lack of patrons early on Sunday morning isn't an indication of how it normally is there.  If so, Alo will be saying goodbye pretty soon.
<review# 2333,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/6/2008,3/22/2008,11,11,10,10,8>This place has a very respectable beer list, but don't plan on going in unless you have a t-shirt with a funny slogan or design. It's also acceptable to wear hats that you can't pull off. (fedora, derby, etc) Upside:  Includes great beers and extensive karaoke selection Thursdays , Downside: Douche bag Dallas hipsters types.
<review# 2334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2008,3/21/2008,469,413,15,12,14>I know Dallas is not the type of location that would make you want to go to eat Sushi. But I am on a business trip ALONE... damn it! And I didn't feel like going to a Steakhouse and sitting at the sports bar or in a booth ALONE... damn it! That is why I decided to stop by this highly re-yelp'commended sushi restaurant. One of the reasons was, I must admit, the very short distance between Sushi-Sake and my hotel (Hyatt in Richardson). I wouldn't want to spend too much time driving in the dark, ALONE... damn it!Even just standing outside the restaurant, it was already clear that this is a Japanese-owned sushi joint. The sushi chefs, the servers, and other personnel, were all very kind, caring and efficient. And spoke real Japanese- no Chinese, Vietnamese or Korean (or God forbid, Bulgarian).I was very careful to keep a low profile and not to reveal the fact that I speak a decent Japanese... but it took them only 3 minutes to figure it out. So from then on, they spoke to me in Japanese the whole evening. Chefs gave me a great amount of attention, and were witty, funny and with an endearing sense of humor. Cool. I almost forgot that I was ALONE... damn it! Tasty, fresh-tasting, high quality fish, in a very clean setting, very beautifully decorated (they obviously did hire an interior designer who knows a lot about Japan). Clearly a very good restaurant for large groups (it is huge)... but you should visit even if you happen to travel ALONE... damn it!I had a huge amount of good fish and top-notch Sake, all for less than $70 (in LA such an Omakase experience would have been way over $100). I have nothing bad to say about Sushi-Sake. Therefore, I recommend this restaurant! DO IT!!!Notes:Restaurant is open Monday to Friday for lunch, and Monday to Saturday for dinner (till 10:30 PM). Closed on Sundays.
<review# 2335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2008,3/20/2008,118,506,2,5,5>For such a nippy cold day, the weather for dining alfresco was unbelievable nice yesterday!  Showed up w/ coffee already in hand (oops) and added our names to the list - 20 minute wait.  When it was time to go in, we sat in the room closest to the host table.  Anyway, got in, and I got the Chicken Florentine Benedict and D-SqUared got the regular Eggs Benedict. To be honest, I was really disappointed in the hollandaise - it was just freakin melted butter!  There was no creaminess nor was it smooth, no hint of lemon...just...cooled melted butter.  If the hollandaise is sub-par, then the dish is doomed.For 11.95, got TONS of sliced white chicken and blanched spinach, served w/ over easy eggs on top of English muffins.  Again, the sauce...*sob*.  I butchered the plate by hacking loads of Tabasco on top.   Didn't touch the muffin though - sooo much carbs from that and the bread plate they give!  Their potatoes have par-boiled so it really tastes like potato...pretty good, and the plate came with strawberry, orange slice, and a bit of pineapple.The bread plate - yummy, the carrot bread!  Sweet, a bite of it is a perfect way to end brunch.  But the tomato basil bread is so funky and genuis - it's like eating SPAGHETTI BOLOGNESE baked into the bread.  I was giddy w/ happiness and savored each bite of the slice...I just couldn't believe it...love it!  lol!This place is super popular, that's nice - get your drink on w/ a bellini or mimosa while you wait...oh and if you want to valet, get the free one w/ a validated ticket from your server!
<review# 2336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2007,3/19/2008,118,439,3,8,6>Walking into Craft, I immediately knew that I was in a fine establishment.  The design of the restaurant is simply beautiful with modern touches, but not overdone with contemporary flair.  The colors are rich and dark with a tall wine wall on one end, larged booths along the side and tables throughout.  Although it was not crowded, it did not seem as though the tables would be cramped even if the restaurant were full.  The lack of diners, however, made us concerned that Craft may have a short life in the W Hotel, unless they are willing to operate at a loss until business in that area picks up.One thing you need to know when dining at Craft is that it is expensive.  I am guessing the three stars from the other diners is a result of expectations not being met.  Unfortunately, Craft kept its NYC prices here in the Big D and I am not sure that will fly for the long term.  The portions of the entrees are small and are meant to be served family style.  However, there is really only enough for two...maybe three people to share each dish.  The sides, however, are large and can be passed around the table.For appetizers, the oyster eater was happy.  The rest of us shared a double order of the endive salad.  It was pretty good, but not spectacular.  The shortribs were really good, but we are not sure why they are "famous" here.  They were tender but a little fatty.  The duck was okay.  I am a serious duck eater and this was on the low end of duck I have had in my life.  There was nothing to it, no real flavoring and it was fattier than normal (I mean, I know duck is fatty, but it was particularly fatty).  The real jewels were the sides and dessert.  I could seriously go here and just eat appetizers, sides and desserts, skipping the main course.  They were that good and that big.  The mushroom risotto, gnocchi and polenta were all top notch.  I did not care too much for palenta until I had this masterpiece.  Delish!  The desserts were down home and simple.  We ordered chocolate chip cookies, which were rich and warm, beignets, which came with chocolate and caramel dipping sauces and butter pecan ice cream.  Everything was great.The service was okay, nothing spectacular.  They messed up the first round of drink orders and forgot olives for the martinis.  After that, it improved.  The amuse bouche, pre-dessert offering and petit fours were all great.  All in all, I enjoyed my experience at Craft but am not sure it is worth the moullah.  My best piece of advice...go when someone else is paying!
<review# 2337,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2007,3/18/2008,199,332,2,15,6>I saved Pappa Bros. Steakhouse for my 100th review because I think this is a truly special place. Admittedly, I am a fan of all of the Pappa's franchises but the Steakhouse clearly distinguishes itself as the superior  brand in the family if not all of Dallas. Steakhouses are a dime a dozen here but the quality of the meat, its perfect preparation, and impeccable service set Pappa Bros at the top of my steak chart. Although the vibe may be a bit too traditional for some with the dark wood paneled walls and dim lighting, I have found Pappa Bros to be an elegant place you could celebrate a special occasion or comfortable joint for a guys night out for steaks and stiff cocktails. Either way, your waiter will treat you like a valued customer, explain the menu, and offer suggestions. If steak is not your thing, I recommend the succulent salmon as an alternative.My one complaint about Pappa Bros is the location, as it sits nestled in "Pappasville", the dead end road just off NW Hwy between 35E & Loop 12 where 4 Pappas' restaurants sit. This area seems to be convenient to no one and can be tricky to navigate if you don't already have a clue about where you are going. Don't let then hinder you, however. Make a reservation and prepare yourself to enjoy a wonderful meal.
<review# 2338,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2007,3/17/2008,419,123,12,8,11>You're not a real scenester until you've peed in the grass parking lot of Lee Harvey's. (Yes, I'm including the ladies in this statement) This place is great! Fun for the whole family! (As long as you are single with a dog and REALLY like to drink)My favorite times at Lee Harvey's are during the fall, with the fire pits going, and a good band that I've never heard of just impressing the hell out of me one their tiny ass stage. Oh! With a Jim Beam on the rocks in my hand. It's serene.The drinks are cheap. The bands are good. The dogs come out to play.The cool kids go. The cool kids dance. It's nice in the month of May.The beer is cold. The yard is warm. The scene is just a blast.The thing I like best about this bar is the short bartender's ass.
<review# 2339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2007,3/16/2008,443,598,1,7,5>It was the first time for me to go to an actual hookah lounge and I thought it was pretty neat. They've got tables and they have an area near the wall where there's cushions and lower tables so you can have a more authentic feel to it when you're smoking the hookah. They've got a nice selection of flavors for the hookah. We had the house blend and peach. The peach was a bit... bland, but the house blend was really fruity, flavorful, and had a tiny bit of a licorice aftertaste to it that wasn't too overpowering. Also they have a four persons per hookah rule.They do have a food menu, but all I tried was the hummus, which was   so tasty that you might need to order more bread to finish it off. Some people in our group got some salad that looked really fresh and healthy. Also some had the chicken tandori that looked really spicy but   it was really mild and kind of thick trying to cut into. Additionally all the drinks came in cans or bottles.Our server who you can tell looks kind of old, but still has game was really amiable and helpful with ordering things. Service was awesome. After talking to her a bit, I found out she went to the Miss Universe Contest in Korea in 1980!We got there around 730 ish and was kinda slow but by the time we left around 10 it was really picking up! I believe they're open until about 5am on weekdays and 6am on weekends. Here's another bit of info they also have belly dancers on Friday and Saturday nights starting around 12!
<review# 2340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2008,3/15/2008,308,111,2,11,5>Yes, 5 stars. Since I just finished skewering Peggy Sue's "B B Q" and alluded to Back Country as a much better alternative, here's what I think.Back Country is run by Lake Highlands-area folks and they and the other employees have always been genuine and nice on my visits. Not pretending to be anything they're not, this is a low-key, welcoming spot that greets you with the serving line upon entering. Friendly fellows attend to your requests behind the counter. Great potato salad (the yellow kind), macaroni & cheese if I remember correctly. I can't NOT get the smoked sausage here. It's awesome! Brisket is perfect--juicy, sloppy, not too fatty but with enough to add dimension to its flavor. My friend always gets smoked turkey here--I don't know why you'd waste your time with turkey at a barbecue place (yankee?), but he loves it. Ribs are money (to revisit the 90s terminology). Forgive me for not going into microscopic detail on why they're good--they're just really good. This is a place that has regulars.Oh! The sauce! Yes, it's the vinegary sweeter kind, not the catsup-in-disguise kind. I'd say this is more of a 'soul-style' barbecue. Oh yeah...
<review# 2341,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/29/2007,3/12/2008,22,16,6,7,6>George knows there are enough Beatles-tribute bands in the phonebook, but how many Cavern Club tribute bars are there? Based on the original Cavern Club in Liverpool, where the Beatles got their start, this bar has probably been the most consistent thing in my life since my sophomore year in college (1999).  One of my favorite lounge acts has a standing invitation to play there every Sunday night. Riki Derek people. Riki ephing Derek. See this man. Scene: you're at a small, candle-lit table, feeling like a J. Edgar Hoover-type, sitting across from something special, probably named Suzy or Margaret or Dorothy. Hell, her name isn't important. The point is that you're there together, and you're digging the best thing happening in Dallas on Sunday nights.  It is basically pitch-black. Even non-smokers smoke in this place. There are some pretty cool Beatles posters on the wall, but you can't see them and you don't need to either. All you can see is some mysterious light reflecting off the ice chips of your whiskey/soda and the handsome, clean-shaved sheen of the most beautifully washed-up lounge singer this side of Bugsy Siegel's grave. I don't know how many times per day he shaves, but it has got to atleast three. Riki, if you're reading this, we love you. That's why we put money in your tip jar (even when we know that IT IS NOT GOING TO THE CHILDREN); we let you make fun of us week after week without kicking your ass; and we laugh even though you tell that joke three times a day. Let it be.By the way, original Cavern Club was an old wine cellar/basement in Liverpool, with three tunnels connected by archways. According to legend, in 1957 the Quarry Men (John and Paul) appeared at the Cavern Club and played some Elvis Presley numbers. The owner sent them a note to "Cut out the bloody rock." The Beatles first lunchtime appearance in the Cavern was on 21 February, 1961  They played a total of 292 times through August 3, 1963 for about 25 shillings a session. IMAGINE that.
<review# 2342,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2008,3/11/2008,172,375,2,4,3>When I was a freshman in high school, my boyfriend's parents owned this Dairy Queen.  Even if he hadn't been my boyfriend for 2 years I would have still eaten here.  I loved Dairy Queen food, both the grill and the ice cream.Sentimentality aside, they make a mean blizzard!
<review# 2343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2008,3/10/2008,52,177,,6,2>Can't comment on the women's clothes, but the men's clothing is far superior in quality and style than the Gap or Express.  This is not a review on Gap or Express, but both of them are pretty terrible.  Zara has some cheap items, but they also have well made dress shirts.  The sizes a little bit off, but I think that's due to them following the European styles.
<review# 2344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2008,3/9/2008,10,22,,5,3>I have always been on a hunt for some good briyani rice specially with lamb. That's how we do it in Singapore.Roti Grill sure met the expectation. As an Asian, I thought I can take the Hot, but their hot is a killing. Had to take a notch down to Medium hot. You won't really enjoy if your mouth starts burning and not feel the flavor.The decor is simple and clean. The only thing is that it is quite pricey for a simple Indian food. $12.95 for a lamb briyani is indeed costly for me. If I can pay a good seafood lo mien at Pei Wei for $7, they could at least take it down to less than $10 for that.I guess, if you can't find a good briyani anywhere - you deserve to charge them your way!
<review# 2345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2008,3/8/2008,23,84,5,4,4>This place will always be the best sushi bar in the world in my heart. I dont care how fancy the place, Mr. Sushi is the best. The chefs are always so polite, the waiters are attentive and friendly, and its just plain tasty. The only "off" experience i had there was when I was in high school, my friend and I waited so long for our food we started to get delusional...four words: black market baby traffic.Also, its in addison, which means you have to get a chip inserted into your brain to keep you from running yellow lights.
<review# 2346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2008,3/7/2008,234,191,,4,1>FINALLY. I've found the BEST Sushi Restaurant in DALLAS. It's very difficult to be a sushi restaurant in Dallas (far from the east/west to get the freshest fish). However, this restaurant must "know someone" with a plane. Went there saturday night with my wife and my friend and we SPLURGED. Spent about $200. (only one sake drink which was $15). We ate the HUGEST OYSTERS you have EVER SEEN. The special of the day ROCKED (sushi) and the Uni was to DIE FOR. The service was the BEST 5/5 and the decor was nice. Next time, I would skip the king crab tempura (which was very SMALL). However, everything else ROCKED.I found my new hang out. I wish the Sake Menu was a bit more however the sake they did have was very good. Parking is a b^tch, so come early. We arrived at 5:30pm (they open at 5:45pm) and were the first ones to sit. However, I noticed some people that came at 7-8pm waited OUTSIDE since this is a small place. WHICH I LOVE. If you love california rolls, eat sushi at the mall. If you want REAL sushi, come here. Don't use chopsticks, use your hands. And dip the wasabi/soy souce on the FISH (not the rice).
<review# 2347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2008,3/6/2008,118,41,9,5,3>This review is for everyone outside of Texas because prolly evreebodee here has tried this place out.If you ever get a chance to check out a Chick Fil-A, then you MUST try the WAFFLE FRIES!  Chick Fil-A is a fast food chain but it's a little bit old fashioned.  They're always closed Sundays and their menu isn't like a typical McDonald's, Burger King......Super Size type thing.  It's pretty basic actually.BUT, if you're "er round dese parts", try the waffle fries with polynesian dipping sauce.......they're so light that a small or medium size might not be enough.  They're cooked in peanut oil so it's healthier (yea, tell that to my waistline!).Also, check out a slice of their cheesecake!  For a fast food chain, it's pretty pretty good.As far as the chicken, well, I mean.......how excited can I get about chicken?
<review# 2348,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/1/2008,3/5/2008,92,278,3,2,3>I've never been here outside the window of midnight to 4AM.  With that frame of reference in mind, the Metro Diner experience is good (I can't in good conscience vouch for the quality of the food per se).  The menu is standard greasy spoon fare.  Our favorite thing to order is biscuits on the grill top-- yup, they throw some buttered biscuit halves on the griddle and serve it up with butter and jelly.  Perfect for soaking up the alcohol poisoning your veins.  The cast of characters ranges from the aforementioned toothless waitress calling everyone "honey," to $30,000 millionaires, to the East Dallas local looking a little worse for wear (though at that hour, who doesn't?).  A nearly mandatory stop after some of our rougher nights.
<review# 2349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2008,3/4/2008,78,64,5,4,3>Here's my question, why in the hell would anyone go to a major chain fast-food joint when there are places like Burger House around? I will only go to a burger joint as long as they are fried on a grill; you know its great place because all the beer truck drivers eat here. My mother used to always say "If a guy has a job were he has to wear a shirt with a beer logo on it then it's a good place to eat."  No she didn't, but they make a great burger, I do like the fries, but you have to eat them while their hot, they kind of turn into balsawood when they get cold and the shakes rock! The sign out front says "Sonny Sez Eat Here, It's Good" and you know what? He's right. It is. I met Sonny once when I went in for dinner, I ordered a large soft drink and he says to me. "Get a small, refills are free." I'll never forget those words. Sonny's a guy I want to give my money to. Plus I like a place that sponsors community sports teams and encourage people to partake in the deadly sin of Gluttony, there's a guy running around Dallas that has crammed a 25 patty with 25 slices of cheese hamburger down his gullet, or maybe there's not a guy who has crammed a 25 patty with 25 slices of cheese hamburger down his gullet, has anyone talked to this guy lately? Burger House is a great place, if you don't believe me they actually have a charted in-depth scientific research display in the window, that looks as if it was done my a forth grader, but you know what? It's spot on.
<review# 2350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/7/2007,3/3/2008,238,71,,7,3>This West Village link in a Chicago-based chain is great because it's open late -- 'til 10pm weeknights and 7pm Saturday and Sunday. So if you get a last-minute invitation to meet for an after-dinner drink, stop here first for their "quickie hand job" (a cuticle trim with nails shaped and buffed  to a high shine) so your fingers look fine holding that cocktail glass. Waxing services for men and women are also playfully named after celebrities (Tina Turner for legs; Brooke Shields for eyebrows). Unfortunately their best esthetician (Allison) doesn't work on weekends. Drop-ins are welcome but appointments are recommended, especially during busy evening hours.
<review# 2351,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2008,3/2/2008,169,220,,8,3>Centre is an ultra-hip, too cool boutique in Mockingbird Station. It's small, but they have a good selection of some very, very nice things.I like the clothes they have to offer, but the biggest standout for me is their collection of sunglasses. They specialize in unworn, dead-stock vintage glasses. Recently, I bought a pair of Diors from the '80s that were  50% off and a pair of Porsche-designed Carrera Aviators. If anyone you know is a sunglasses geek, they'll be especially appreciative of Centre's unique offerings.As well as clothes and sunglasses, Centre also has unique books, jewelry, shoes and bags.
<review# 2352,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/6/2008,3/1/2008,90,127,3,9,2>I am much surprised to find that there hasn't been a review written about this place since I have heard it mentioned here and there being pretty good.However, to my dismay, I have mixed feelings about all the buzz here.  I give it 3 stars because service was beyond unreasonable.  The pizza is actually pretty tasty, but the experience is not something I would look forward to again.I came into the place with some friends, 9 of us exact, and ordered the Giant pizza they had (which was reasonably priced as well--around $20)...Half margherita and half supreme.  We dined in and ordered at about 2am and the pizza did not come to us until about 3am.  I cannot understand why it takes this long to make a pizza, given the fact that there were 3 workers there.  We had checked on our order midway to see what the status was and the polite worker said 5 minutes.  Well, 5 minutes really was 20 more minutes.  I mean did they need to make the dough from scratch and grow their own vegetables back there?  Luckily, when the pizza finally came, we were starved and it turned out pretty tasty.  And, in case you are curious about the pizza itself---Good size, very generous toppings, not too thin crust, and overall nicely seasoned.  Too bad service sucks!I wonder how service during the day is....surely I hope not like this.
<review# 2353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2008,2/29/2008,161,277,,5,2>I've never been to Japan in my life before, but when I first walked into Sushiyama I felt as if it were the Japan that I had always imagined.  The place is very cozy, with a karaoke set up in one corner and a shelf full of manga on your lefthand side when you first walk in.  The menu is adorned with katakana, hiragana, and kanji, and sometimes random anime doodles.The food was great - no doubt about it.  The katsu-don was delicious, and the cold noodles tasted great.  I'm not normally a huge tempura fan, but they were crispy and I couldn't stop eating it.  We finished off our meal with the cake shaped like a fish (paired with ice cream, of course!) and I left the restaurant planning my next trip back.I would definitely go again, and I strongly urge people who love Japanese food to go as well.  You won't be disappointed!
<review# 2354,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/2/2008,2/28/2008,621,968,5,9,6>Vickery Park was packed but not too packed, the bartender was festive and the drinks were good.  I spotted some $30K millionaires, but overall the clientele was laid back and cool.  They also appeared to have the patio sort of closed in so you can sit outside even when it is cold.  Good place to start out or end up when you just want to chill.
<review# 2355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2008,2/26/2008,112,141,5,8,8>Went to the Sunday brunch buffet and HOLY GOOD GOD BAT MAN!!!  Now thats a Texas sized buffet and its a feeding frenzy!  We pull up and its absolutely packed!  There was never a line at the buffet but there still were a lot of people.  They had a wide range of yum yum buffet items.  They had some pretty good Mexican breakfast norms like migas rancheros chorizo tamales and still a wide array of normal items ranging from bacon and sausage , fresh fruit and yogurt , and an OMELET BAR!!!!!  Did i mention the buffet comes with all you can drink Mimosas?  And the coupe de gra a Chocolate fondue fountain manned by a lovely fondueier so you dont have to get your hands messy.  Its a great Sunday morning/brunch time activity actually you might wanna make it your Sunday activity cause you wont be doing much afterwards!
<review# 2356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2008,2/25/2008,23,63,,5,4>Great place to go to for tapas!  Cafe Izmir is a small establishment so you are best going in groups of 4 or less.  My absolute faves are the Russian Chicken Salad, the Sangria, and Falafel just to name a few.  Food is great, the people are friendly, and they are huge supporters of my animal rescue group; Animal Rescue of Texas.  What more could a girl ask for?Parking is scarce, as are most places on Greenville, so it's fun to go over to Kismet Lounge for a hookah after your fill at Cafe Izmir.
<review# 2357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2008,2/24/2008,12,27,,3,3>A charming yarn shop tucked away in the McKinney Ave area, stocking a nice selection of staple brands and some luxurious yarns, too. The ladies here are really helpful and friendly. Being near downtown, it's convenient for all us city dwellers. The 'Sheep is my new fave yarn store :)
<review# 2358,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,2/4/2008,2/22/2008,13,30,4,3,1>this target store has become my grocery store. Nuthin like checkin out with tube socks, a bottle of wine and a lean cuisine. its currently about one of the only places in east dallas (see fiesta) that i can buy food from.  i like it. its close. it has everything a SUPER target would have less a produce section.  it is a lil ghetto but arent we all a lil ghetto at some point?
<review# 2359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2007,2/21/2008,18,27,2,4,3>We just went to Picasso's on Skillman for the first time since it had re-opened. It was a balmy night in the middle of December (80 degrees - really?) and we sat outside. It had a nice atmosphere if you have young ones, which we do. It was kid loud, the kind of loud that if you did not have any children you would not be able to stand, but if you are a parent, you tune out and actually appreciate all the noise. There were also TVs everywhere. Even in the bathrooms. I thought it was a bit odd, but I guess if there is a game or something on, and you really had to go, it makes sense? We got an appetizer of mozzarella sticks, which was the same frozen kind that you would get anywhere, but really, who cares, its fried cheese, it tastes awesome and bad for you either way.One salad split in half, and a thin crust sausage pizza. Their pizza crust was thin and crispy. They put a good amount of sauce (which I always like my pizzas on the saucier side) a lot of cheese and the sausage was really good. Overall, it was a good experience. My only complaint was that they only had cocktail napkins other than cloth, and with such a kid heavy atmosphere, bigger paper napkins are a necessity. Don't go if you are expecting to have a quasi romantic dinner. Unless you want to convince your significant other that having kids will make any eating experience hell. But if you have kids, need a place to go on a Friday night, and don't want to settle for Little Caesars' $5 pizza, Picasso's might be your joint.
<review# 2360,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/20/2007,2/20/2008,47,40,3,4,2>I hate to do this to my old friend Naoshi Iida, the latest executive chef for this place, but I have to give him just three stars for this latest venture.  Naoshi was the original owner of Masami on Beltline, named after his daughter, and was much better than Tokyo No Hana, which means. in japanese, "Flowers Over Tokyo", might should be called 'Tokyo Suckyo'.  Or better yet, 'Royal Suckyo'Tokyo No Hana, formerly Royal Tokyo(which had a crippling fire, no doubt an insurance-money-scam) has a few good merits, one of which is a long, stretching sushi bar that accommodates a large number of guests and a very nice garden area outside with a very zen-gardenish feel to it with a Koi pond as well.  It's so much fun to throw pieces of unwanted sushi into the pond and watch the Koi fight and thrash around to feast somewhat cannabalistically on the raw fish.  Wait, is cannabalistically a word?  Oh well, who cares...About the food, and this is the problem, the fish is just not quite fresh enough.  It seems that every time I visit, there's some kind of special on the board, usually some worn-out nama-sake or toro that didn't sell soon enough and you can tell that it's heading south quickly as it's begun to split along the seams and has that kind of glistening squeamish looking film on it that's certainly nothing close to palatable.  What's even more disheartening to me is that Naoshi doesn't even remember me and I visited his restaurant, Masami, at least 50 times or so, we had such wonderful conversations about sushi and Japan and all that crap.  I think maybe he's gone a bit senile now, unfortunately, and his food has begun to suffer for it.  The rolls are just ok.  The hideous stench of that ungodly contraption called a hibachi is, luckily, far enough away that your clothes don't become saturated with the smell of flat-grilled meat and vegetable.  They do not feature yakitori, which, in a restaurant this size, could be easily afforded.  The temperature of the fish is not quite cold enough either.  Otherwise, it's quite pleasant enough to visit, the beers are cold, the sake the right temperature, their uni and tako I've found quite appealing, the hamachi seems to have suffered a bit though and this really breaks my heart as hamachi is my one true love.  I just want to grab Naoshi by the neck and shake him, screaming 'How could you serve this crap hamachi TO ME?!?!?'  It looks and tastes like one of the mexican chefs posing as a japanese chef might've somehow strapped the fish under their armpits for a while for some strange reason or possibly used the fish for some kind of lucha-wrestling prop, maybe they used it to slap each other around, who knows, but whatever they did to that beautiful fish was very sinful, even unholy and perverse in my humble opinion.  What I'm getting at is, DON'T TRY THE HAMACHI, LOL!!!  It's super-sucky, a total gross-out really.  Do try the octopus, the sea urchin(of course, always ask the chef first if the uni is fresh, spoiled sea urchin has the most ungodly taste ever, even worse than mexican-armpit hamachi, lol), and the nama-sake(salmon) is occasionally somewhat ok.  I really wish I could give this place 2 and a half stars, but the half-star is not featured on this website so I guess that's just not possible.  If Naoshi only remembered me, I think I might increase my stars or give him a silent(understood) half-star but that senile old goose has plumb forgot me, lol.  Moral of the story, armpit/lucha-wrestling fish bad, you no try!  Me no likey!!!  P.S. I hope Naoshi never reads this, he might slice me clean in half with his Katana sword.  Oh, never mind, who has no idea who I am anyways, lol.
<review# 2361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/3/2007,2/19/2008,97,232,5,5,8>I love La Madeleine.  I have a lot of good memories attached to this one by SMU.  My family would drop by here when I was a child after visiting my brother on campus, long ago when this La Madeleine (the first one ever) was just a baby.  Back when I could read the exit sign wholly innocent of any sexual meaning, I loved that the exit before or after this one was Lovers Lane.  It seemed so romantic.  Anyway, I'd ask for a butterfly and get a palmier, and my mom would order a kwa-soan, and I felt really chic and cool for about 5 minutes.  In third grade I decided to do a project on France in my GT class and I made a bas-relief map of the country with an indention in the top middle to represent Paris.  As part of my research, I had to interview someone about French life and culture and my mom brought me here to interview the counter people as we got lunch.  Someone here gave me a Franc but didn't know what was smaller than a Franc and I also wrangled a miniature paper French flag to stick in the hole where Paris was out of the deal.  I'm sure I got a palmier and my mom got a croissant so pretty good grab all in all.  I haven't been here in probably 20 years but I have very fond memories of the place and remember that it had a very peaceful vibe.Reading over this review, it makes me feel like I was privileged, which is strange because I grew up in an average neighborhood in Duncanville and my family wouldn't really splurge ever with money. My brother even went to SMU on a band scholarship.  But my parents were pretty smart and they knew that going to La Madeleine every once in a while made their little girl feel special.  That's pretty much how I feel about this eatery, it's a pretty simple little place that will make you feel a little extravagant.
<review# 2362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2008,2/18/2008,259,574,2,5,6>Everyone who likes burgers or root beer should try this place. I agree with Francesca it's definitely hole-in-the-wall, but it's got lots of character. The menu was pretty simple and I ordered a #9 (cheeseburger with lettuce. tomato, mayo and I added pickles to it) with tator tots (yum!) and a root beer. The food came out pretty fast (5 min or so?) and when it arrived it was delicious. The highlight for me was the fact that my bun was grilled to perfection. It wasn't greasy or soggy, but had the nice crisp with each bite of my burger. Perfect. The tots were fresh and crispy but other than that tots are tots. The frosted mug root beer was awesome! It got that icy slush thing happening and it was just what I wanted.I specifically asked them if they also GRILL their hot dogs (bc i love grilled hot dogs) and they do - so I'll be back to try one of those soon!!Update: Went back and got a hot dog. Good taste, but a weird presentation. They cut the hot dog in like 8 pieces or so - length wise and then serve it on a hamburger bun. Very weird. Delicious, but messy.
<review# 2363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,2/17/2008,206,397,3,4,3>I'm an expat from california.  I say expat because Texas really is a different country.  I had heard that dallas was a bastion of food, and since I'm living in what I was told was a pretty trendy community, I figured that my albertsons would carry things like tandoori masala, french butter, pate, good avocados, etc.  So you can imagine how disappointed I was when certain things required special trips to whole foods and little gourmet food shops.   Then came the discovery of Central Market which can easily complete with a draegers.  What really impressed me was the price for high quality beef.  I know that Texas is cattle country, but I got some seriously fantastic aged ribeye for $14 a pound, and I'm talking some marbled tender juicy flavourful goodness.  The half bottle selection for wine was amazing, and better than anything you'll find in CA except at wine stores.  Also, the produce ( which is a big thing for us californians) beat any other dallas grocery store I've been to  including whole foods; granted the prices were high, but the quality was great.  My only complaint (-1 star) , is that given the excellent selection of cheeses and charcuterie I would have expected a better selection of pate.  I know this makes me sound like even more of a california  effete foodie snob, but I like the terrine style as opposed to only the mouse, and I would have liked to see some fois gras, but they only had  cruelty free pate which is good for the duck, but something I definitely miss
<review# 2364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2008,2/16/2008,5,9,2,6,2>If my ever so picky hubby can enjoy this place, anyone can.  I love coming here because unlike all the other authentic Chinese/Vietnamese joints around this area, they will actually refill your drinks over and over without having to flail like a maniac to get noticed (helloooo Pho Huy!).  Service is very attentive and friendly.  They always offer substitutes and are generally pleasant.  My absolute faves would have to be their cha gio (Vietnamese egg rolls) with all their fresh accoutrements.  I also always order Spicy Hot Pepper Beef - it's so good, I won't even go into it.  Just order it!  You won't regret it.  If I come in a big group, we always order from their "package" options where for one price depending on the size of your group, they have a multi-course menu to choose from.  They vary from time to time so check that out and oh yeah, unless you can speak Chinese or Vietnamese, get it translated because the list isn't in English.
<review# 2365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2008,2/14/2008,218,255,1,6,4>What can be said about Doughmonkey, other than the fact that they have some of the best cookies on the face of the planet?!  I've tried 3 of their cookies and was not disappointed with any of them.  Their Tasmanian Honey Snickerdoodle Cookie, which is one of my favorite cookies, is by far the best I've ever had.  Rich and cinnamony, without being overwhelming.  My only regret?  I didn't put them under lock and key, so my roommate ate most of them.The Chocolate Chip Cookie, very moist and rich, one of the most decadent chocolate chip cookies you will ever have.The Chocolate Chip Pecan Cookie is just as decadent as the one without pecans, but even better, in my opinion, because I love nuts in my chocolate chip cookies.Oh, and did I mention that you can buy the dough to take home and bake yourself?!?  It's frozen, so you can make as many or as few as you want.Now, why did I give these fabulous cookies only 4 stars, instead of 5?  One reason, they are hard to get.  Unfortunately, Doughmonkey closed their storefront, so I can no longer just drop in and buy some cookies or dough, I have to pre-order them 2 days in advance and pick them up, or have them mailed to me.  The only alternative is to try and hit up one of the locations that carries their cookies, Drip Cooffee on Lovers or Flavors From Afar, which is a few doors down from Doughmonkey, in Snider Plaza.
<review# 2366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2008,2/13/2008,14,43,4,6,5>Oh sweet Jesus, Bubba's is ridiculous.  They have sublimated chicken in all fried forms and I bow before all of them.  And the sides....ohhhh, the sides!!!  Mashed potatoes have cream and butter -- this is no joke.  Okra-tomatoes, come sweetly to me.  Green beans, my god, dear green beans....your bacon-fat deliciousness makes me sweat.Finally, the rolls.  Oh please, yes, the rolls!  They also give you Plugra at Bubba's, which, if you don't know, is the fancy older brother of Landolakes.  I could live on Bubba's rolls alone and am glad they didn't serve them in my junior high cafeteria becauseI would have.  Go to Bubbas and see the top of the mountain.  It is good!
<review# 2367,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,2/12/2008,209,1125,,6,5>Terrific Mexican food, though it's not hard to please someone from the northeast part of the country.  The drinks and food were good, the server was terrific, and the restaurant wasn't very crowded Wednesday night.  There wasn't much happening in that part of Dallas and the neighborhood might not be the best since taxis were recommended by people at each end even though we were staying nearby.  I didn't see any problem, though.  I'd definitely go back to the Iron Cactus.
<review# 2368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2007,2/11/2008,44,119,10,10,9>Holy Crap!!!  Where do they get potatoes this big??!??  I swear... my baked potato was as big as my head (which incidentally, is rather large and gourd-like).Once again, I was drawn to this particular menu selection because of the outrageously bad for me items included in the toppings (how am I to resist such temptation?)... I'm starting to believe this excess is standard in Texas.  So on top of my freakishly large spud were the following heart cloggers:  butter and sour cream (what looked like an ice cream scoop of each), cheese, bacon, 1/4# of chopped up bbq beef...  and a giant ladle full of bbq sauce.  I generally stop at the butter and sour cream.  How was I to know the delights I was missing??  Delicious and so very wrong!!!I was only able to eat about 1/3 of it, but I saw obviously practiced veterans eat a potato like the one I got right along with other meat product like hot links, mac-n-cheese...  and a big gulp size glass of sweet tea!!  Impressive I say!  And a little gross.This appears to be quite the popular lunch spot.  The day we went, there was a line nearly out the door.  It's set up kind of like a cafeteria, where you tell them what meat you want and help yourself to the sides.  Good stuff!!
<review# 2369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,2/10/2008,549,363,4,10,7>Campania is my favorite "real Italian" pizza place in Dallas. If you're sick of pizza hut/domino's type of pizza, this is where to go. The owner is from Napoli, I think... and every time I go I imagine this is what it must be like on vacation in Italy... We usually get the Margerhita and the Marchigiana. The Margerhita is really just a super fresh version of what I've had in the past. My favorite is the Marchigiana. It has mozzarella, extra virgin olive oil, basil, ham and mushrooms (yes, no tomato sauce- which is such a nice change). The ham is this amazing italian ham and the basil is really fresh. Best thing: BYOB! And because of the proximity to N. Dallas HS, that will never change. So bring some great vino and enjoy!
<review# 2370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2008,2/9/2008,736,972,6,6,10>SUPPORT FAMILY OWNED MOM AND POP SHOPS---If you have seen my lists...then this is right up my alley.  I was introduced to Graciela's on a whim.  A friend of mine wanted some lunch and we drove by a lot of chain places and wanted to try something different.  In a glimmer, we saw Graciela's.  I remember walking in and seeing lots of fun frogs and murals.  If I recall...there was even a little area with plants and  a fountain.  I ordered some nachos and a soda-they were good.  For the record, I had never heard of "Sopapillas."  HAVE YOU? Maybe I lived in a cage, but it's this puffed up tortilla looking thing with cinnamon sugar. It came out hot and served with honey.  My friend suggested I order it..but since I was not hip to the tex mex flavor, I was clueless.  I was pleasantly surprised and really liked it.  I have not had one since :(Note:  This review was written by a Californian who never knew what a Sopapilla was...and has now educated the masses in CALI!  Picture under my profile pictures for those like...not hip to the know!Still missing TEXAS..every so often...
<review# 2371,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,2/8/2008,419,663,6,5,5>Well, Jen has already beat me to the punch on this review... but I will blame that on the fact that I was 20 minutes late to work because I couldn't get out of my chocolate pizza sangria coma, oops I mean heated waterbed.I know Jen knocked off the 5th star because of the wait.  Seriously, it was ridiculous on a Wednesday night to wait 67 minutes for pizza.  Damn Campers.  Finish off that one last sip of wine and the get heck on the road.  I am going to knock of the 5th star for something much less trivial.  I promised you all that I had said this in the past and that I would say it again... so here it is.  WHERE ARE THE DAMN SUGAR CADDIES?   Ok, I really am not going to knock off an entire star for a sugar caddie because it took our waitress not even 1/2 a nano second to bring me one.  But I will knock off a star... for the reason that the sugar caddy only had Sugar in the Raw and Splenda.  WTF?  I don't smoke, so I need to get my carcinogens some where.  I want my pink stuff.  Sweet n Low is where it is at baby.The four cheese bread was good, but I think it was because we were starving.  I also needed something to soak up the alcohol in my empty stomach from my White Peach Sangria.  I had a couple of sips of Jen's Red Sangria and it was delicious (and I don't even like red wine).  But I my drank my Sangria to the point of making slurping noises trying to get every last drop.  The tomato sauce on the pizza, and the dip for the cheese bread was good.  I'm actually not that big on tomato sauce and usually order my pizzas without it... but hey... when in Rome.I want to go back to Fireside and try the Pepperoni pizza with the truffle oil or the Peta Pizza with the goat cheese and olives.  I loved Jen's side of our pizza with the spicy sausage and ricotta.  I liked my meatball pizza, don't get me wrong.  It was delicious.  I just liked Jen's better.I have one slice left of meatball and roasted onion pizza left for dinner tonight.  I had to save room for the dessert.OhMyGod!That brownie.  Pure chocolate melty goodness.  That sort of sinfulness should be illegal.  I have a feeling my eyes rolled back into my head a few times.  As an ex-boyfriend said one time after I took the first bite of the first Chocolate Oblivion Torte (now my signature cake) that I ever made... "I don't like you eating desserts that do to you in one bite that I haven't been able to do in two years."  Yeah, this brownie was that good.  It was served with a cherry dipping sauce... which I avoided like the plague because I didn't think breaking out in Hives amongst a very preppy-SMU crowd would be my idea of fun.The cheesecake, oh my, I could write an entire review on this cheesecake.  Forget Cheesecake Factory folks, Fireside Pies is where it is at.  This cheesecake was soft and fluffy... and you could tell that it was actually baked in house... not some unnaturally smooth and perfectly shaped slice of commerically made goo.  I normally don't like fruit in my cheesecake... especially when the fruit turns the cheese cake some abnormal shade of liquid-baby-amoxicilin pink.  But not this slice.  It had a very thin and delicate layer of blackberry thru the middle.  Not too sweet, but a perfect addition.Anyway.... I am definitely going back to Fireside.  Maybe dinner at 4pm instead of 7?
<review# 2372,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2008,2/7/2008,121,212,6,3,2>Ah, Gloria's - good food, good atmosphere, good drinks, good happy hour prices - what's there not to like??I'm going to have to knock one star off for going to the smaller margarita/mojito glasses, though.  I mean what are these - drinks for ANTS???  They would need to be at least 3 times that big.  But at least they're cheap.  And beer is still a great deal.Rock.
<review# 2373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2008,2/6/2008,14,30,9,6,8>Hey - all you haters...get a freaking life!!!"waaa waaa waaa, I can't find a place to park""waaa waaa waaa, they don't have the froo froo tequila I like to drink""waaa waaa waaa, the seating is too tight"OK - I take it for granted that a certain amount contrarianism is normal about a place this popular, however this whining has GOT TO STOP!Get a binky already.Here..do this -  try the Guacamole (best  in town) and bask in the glory of classic 80's Tex Mex in a funky family run place.Yes the brisket stuff is grand, but the rest of the menu kicks ass. So go a little early or park on the street  the next block north (gasp, the horror!!  a 2 minute walk!!!) , have a freaking BEER and shut the hell up.Oh - and where exactly can you find a place where a gay couple will be sitting next to a Hispanic family who will be sitting next to a Park Cities Matron with helmet hair???
<review# 2374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2008,2/5/2008,127,266,3,8,5>Love Luby's!!!  A friend and I use to go here several times weekly while in college and would each get the Lou Anne platter for lunch (1/2 entree, 2 veggies, and bread) and then sit in the cafeteria and study through their mid afternoon cleaning time when they would clean the tables and vacuum before the dinner crowd came.  The ladies would still come by and fill our tea as we sat there and studied, even though technically the place was closed.  What a great deal, and the staff was so nice to a couple of broke college kids, occasionally bringing us free food - like dessert!Now, I occasionally stop by when there is a large group of us with kids (everyone can choose what they want) or when I want liver and onions.  They have good fried liver and onions and it is a dish I've never managed to cook well without drying out the liver (probably because I don't eat it often enough to get good at it).  I still get the Lou Anne platter - it is just enough food and the price is nice!Thanks Luby's!!!  5 stars for good food at a good price and for taking pity on a few hungry college kids!
<review# 2375,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2008,2/4/2008,23,7,4,4,3>Cheap+Tasty+Good Service= Nandina (see what I did. I'm so smart)I have been in Dallas 2 weeks looking for a loft and I've eaten at Nandian 4 times. You would think I would love it-- and I do. I have not eaten their sushi yet (I'm a vegan that will eat fish-- screw the fish) but have been pleased with all the curry I've eaten.I enjoy that the restaurant is apparently owned by gay men-- hence the loud European dance hall music that is always blaring. To be fair to the other reviewers I haven't eaten there when the drunkards are abound-- and I'm pretty sure that my fellow yelper are correct when they say that service gets slow when dealing with drunk people.But during my evening meals the service was fast friendly and helpful. They guided me through Nandina's expansive menu (it really should be simplified) to a spicy curry I really enjoyed.   I will go back-- as long as this time they play "Raining Men" upon my arrival.
<review# 2376,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/18/2008,2/3/2008,725,843,5,6,3>Could they fit any more chopped beef on that sandwich?  Not without risking the integrity of the bun!  Oh man it was good.  There was a lot of Hickory in the meat and the sauce.  My sides were the jalapeno pinto beans which had the exact amount of bite to them, and the scalloped potatoes which had a great texture but could have used a little more cheese.  Let me note here that I think all food could use a little more cheese...even cheese.  We had the peach cobbler for dessert.  The peaches might have been canned.  While it was good it lacked the fresh crisp peach taste.  This place has been around forever.  I remember it being called Underwood's when I was little.  I used to do volunteer work for the Dallas Police and the officers who work this area swear by Raymond's.  If you have a warrant out for your arrest, you might want to avoid it during the lunch rush...you will run into Johnny Law.Overall, this was a great meal and the price came in under ten bucks with my sandwich combo and peach cobbler.  I did have water, but eh...I'm trying to be super healthy these days.  HAHAHAH!
<review# 2377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2007,2/1/2008,14,31,5,3,4>FOOD STYLE:"Contemporary American" (Translation - "My milkshakes, are better than yours, I COULD teach you, but I'd have to charge")LOCATION:James, sequester the auto-MO-beel with these lads, would you, and I prithee you pay them a farthing for the trouble.  Mrs. Devonshire and I shan't be but an hour or two...PRICE:If you have to ask ... just go to the nearest McDonalds.  Just ... go.***Dear Patrons, Readers, and Curious Souls ... The following is not a review of "a" restaurant in DFW, it is, quite simply, a review of THE restaurant; the only culinary establishment in Texas of worth or significance in the entirety of the State.  It is THE Bastion of Texican High Society and must, as ever, be scrutinized as such.  Be forewarned that admittance is strictly regulated, and neither the poor nor their Gulfstream IIs are allowed on Restaurant Grounds.***There is no other like it in DFW - THE Mansion on Turtle Creek.  An emblem of wealth, power, and pride as is not often seen outside of the culinary capitals of New York, London, Paris, or Tokyo.  It is the ultimate in high-society catering, and for years has served as a mid-plains relief for passing industrialists, demigods of the arts, dignitaries of State, and - occasionally - the likes of ... you.The reputation of this establishment ranges far and wide beyond the cattle pens and oil fields of the Lone Star State.  Indeed, it is often among the only restaurants in Texas that has truly managed to cultivate a level of international notoriety for its sophistication and the competence of its staff.  And deservedly so.But, in spite of its intimidating reputation - the frequent patronage of major political figures, the formal dress requirements (full suits and ties, thank you), a phalanx of waiters in starched cream uniforms, and a parking lot full of "Rollers", Bentleys, Maybachs, and the latest amusements from Italy - the truth is that The Mansion has always been rather proletarian in its leanings.Yes, there might be a special room for Montifort and Templeton to pass the time in while Mr. & Mrs. Fortesque feign sample a midday tea, but ... compared to other luminaries in its class, The Mansion is a downright bargain.  Mostly.  Relatively speaking.The menu is littered with culinary buzzwords, like a linguistic salvage yard of Versailles.  Conch seviche, black chicken consumme, spice-cured duck confit, porcini, wild sturgeon, caviar, turbot, guinea fowl, Alaskan crab, tarragon mayonnaise, kobe beef, and sweetbreads are but a few on this rotating menu of the seraphim.Each a wonder, each a delight.  Even the oddball offerings a layman might recognize, such as a basic Beef Stroganoff or filet of pan-seared salmon, is done in such a way that it's hard not to think you're eating it for the very first time.  For the others, I'll leave the flattery and adulation to your imagination.Very few walk away disappointed.And yet, one of the great unspoken secrets of this stalwart is that - for what you get - the price is quite reasonable, if not downright criminally pedestrian.  A patron ordering a modest lunch, for example, can run a bill of $50 and not suffer for a lack of choice or quality.  No wine, obviously, but when APPETIZERS at some infamous New York restaurants can run over $50 for an equivalent level of class, The Manse almost qualifies as a high-society 7-11.Even dinners can be quite "reasonable" by the standards of class and gracious civility that come in attendance with any establishment that features a dedicated professional wait staff.  Yes, the opportunity is there to run a tab higher than the annual wage of your average day laborer, and the unwary might find themselves re-calculating their home equity or pricing the black market value of their second kidney.  The final check can get as wild as you want it to be; but the damage is lighter than you might expect.Surprisingly, reservations (especially for lunch) do not require a decade of advance notice or a Congressional mandate to obtain.  A day's notice can suffice, although more is better, since you never know what Sheik or Hollywood Star might be passing through town with his full retinue in tow.  Fear, it seems, is adequate to keep most of the commoners away and occupied with other, secondary establishments, such as Abacus.Recently, the tranquility of this Grounded Olympus was disturbed by the departure of its famous chef, and hands were wrung with the trepidation that his replacement would be unable to fill those august shoes.  Whatever.  People with something to prove might remember his name, but most folks never will, and his absence won't be missed - it's not as if a place like the Manse would replace its vaunted head chef with a fry cook from El Fenix.  The quality remains.So don't be afraid, ye humble multitudes, and make a res. for your special day.  Regret is simply not allowed within these hallowed walls.
<review# 2378,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2007,1/31/2008,68,80,2,4,4>You want Irish whiskey? You want BEER? Get your ass to Trinity Hall. Best beer selection in Dallas--not only a great selection of Irish imports, , you'll find a BROCHURE of a menu JUST for beer!  And like I said, they have a great Irish whiskey selection as well.I've seen it all at Trinity Hall. The first time I visited, I thought I was in popped-collar heaven; another time the booths and tables were packed with groups of retirement-age partiers having a ball; sometimes there are families (usually not with little kids) there for the live Irish music...sometimes it seems like business-man night, other times you think you're the oldest person there (at 26!) while other times you're likely among the youngest patrons...Trinity Hall is either completely full with a huge crowd of standing people, not to mention the packed outside patio, OR the place is virtually empty (say, on week nights).Great food, though you'll wonder why the only thing they serve past 10 or 11 is chips & queso....
<review# 2379,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,1/21/2008,1/30/2008,74,195,1,15,5>So on our recent travels to Taiwan, we made sure we got as many foot massages as possible.  In Taipei and in Kaoshiong, foot massages can be had for $10 for 30 min.  So "reflexology", is the practice of healing through all the pressure points in the feet.  Believe it or not, there are nerves all over in the feet that are connected to one of your other systems.  Case in point, my wife had some digestive problems near the end of the trip from the foreign food.  The reflexologist (store trained foot massager) got to that part of the foot and immediately tells her "Bad".  He didn't know any other English.  So when I got in, he asked me if my wife had digestive issues.  He then worked on that part of the foot and the next day, my wife's appetite came back.  Now the reflexologists at Happy Feet are not at the caliber of Taiwan.  There's a few of them with the skills necessary and do a pretty good job.  The Taiwanese ones are apprenticed by the store until they're ready to go alone.  They train for months and work there for years.  Happy Feet just opened 4 months ago.  Prices are definitely reasonable.  A full hour of total body massage is $40.  45 min of foot massage is only $25.  They are running a special where they massage your feet for 45 min and then you get a chair massage for 15min, all for $30.  They soak your feet in chinese herbs for 10 min before they start, which in itself is pretty freakin amazing.  Thing is, the expertise of the people are spotty.  Not all of them know what they are doing so if you find someone who you like, stay with him/ her. Business has been so good, the owner opened one more location in Plano and plans for 1 location in Koreatown and 1 location in Plano.
<review# 2380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2007,1/29/2008,3,36,2,6,6>We had been waiting for Sweet Tomatoes to open for weeks and went there for the first time last night it was just AMAZING! Think of  Souper Salad but Central Market style ah ha YUMMY!  Dinner was about $10 after taxes which includes drinks, desserts, salads, soups, baked potatoes, pastas, muffins, teas, coffees, etc.  Service was fantastic they always came and took our dirty plates away and refilled our drinks.  They have this little card thingy like Fogo de Chao that says "be ripe back" on one side and I'm trying to think what the other side said but I don't remember :( sorry!  You should definitely give this new joint a try it's healthy, trendy, and delicious.  I'll probably go back again tonight :)  Enjoy!!
<review# 2381,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2008,1/28/2008,133,465,,5,11>PAVE stands for Philanthropy and Volunteerism in Education.  Ever have a 4th grader come up, look you in the eye, shake your hand and introduce himself?  I did yesterday.  This student and three others from his school talked about being philanthropists.  They talked about the charities they chose, how much money they raised and most importantly, why philanthropy is important to them.  I was blown away by these kids!PAVE started in the high schools, but piloted an 8 week program in an elementary school for 3rd, 4th and 5th graders.  Students learned how to introduce themselves, ask for support in person and writing, discussed what charity they wanted to support and why and most importantly, learned that being a philanthropist isn't just about giving away money.  It's an attitude of having a love for humankind.  And these students get it!  They were funny, honest, sweet and a real inspiration.  Just when I feel overwhelmed with what's wrong in our world, it's great to see something working that's so right.
<review# 2382,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/29/2007,1/27/2008,1147,1223,2,7,3>One of those huge multi-interest night life establishments. It's all new and pretty inside and seems like it won't get trashed anytime soon since there really aren't many patrons!I just wanted to stop by and check it out, I didn't even get dressed to go out, but when I walked in, I really didn't feel out of place with my casual clothes. Most of the people I saw when I first entered were a little bit older, 40's and 50's. They had a live cover band playing 80's and 90's pop rock type music and a few people were dancing. Waiting for the other people I was meeting I did a quick look around and saw that I knew one of the bartenders...hook up!! HahaWhen everyone got there, I approached him and he took us on a tour of the place.There is a sports bar as soon as you enter to the left and a mexican restaurant on the right. To the left of the sports bar is a small pool area which is much quieter and more relaxed cuz the other areas are all super loud. Behind the pool hall is a karaoke room. It's pretty chill, but has kind of a fake atmosphere with bras,panties, and feather boas strategically thrown around the place. There is a huge song book, and if you want to sing you just walk up to the karaoke dj and tell him. I guess later if they get busier there will have to be some kind of actual sign-up slip process.Out back there is a huge patio with heaters, a fire, and little palm trees. It looks like it would be a great place in the warmer months. Lastly there is the namesake, Sting, the ultra-lounge where the younger ppl are (25-40). I had the typical black light, white furniture look. The music was ok, but there were no people there to make it lively. Anyway there was a cover charge of $10 for the guys only...overall the place had an ok vibe, not really pretentious, just regular people. I love the fact that there is no smoking, really makes it more comfortable for me. I would go back if I wanted to have a fun night with a big group of people that I already know..and I mean BIG group cuz there are NO other people there!
<review# 2383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2008,1/26/2008,6,22,4,8,5>This place kicks ass.  I took a cooking class last night on sauces.  Fun hands on learning.  You can't imagine what an ass whip making hollandaise is, but damn it was good.  At the end of the class everyone gets to eat what was made, great dinner!  Plus you get 15% off of your purchase from the store that night, I picked up a killer knife sharpener and cutting board.  Go for the cooking class, it's a cool experience.
<review# 2384,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2008,1/25/2008,92,271,2,5,3>Two days ago, I had a near death experience. My friend and I walked through the doors of Big D's Dogs and found that we'd died and entered hot dog heaven. The things that they can do to a hot dog there are SO gloriously fat-fat-fatty and delicious. I feel an extra layer of plaque hardening on my arteries just thinking about it. My friend got a Frito Dog while I had the Big D. His was topped with chili, cheese and fritos (and I'm sure a few other things because they load down your food with toppings--it's the Big D way) . Mine had sofrito, fritos, jalapenos, cilantro and mustard. We both got our buns country fried (This is one of the reasons that I LOVE the South--down here, we will deep fry ANYTHING). We shared Greenville fries (french fries topped with chili, cheese, ranch, bacon, tomatoes and green onion). My friend had a root beer float (with gourmet root beer, no less) and I had one of their shakes, a Texas Twister, that included brownie, pecans and dulce de leche (Any shake that has the audacity to include nuts has gotta be good). It seems like all of the products they use are fresh and of good quality. The guy who took our order was chopping up mounds of fresh bacon in between his brief stints at the cash register. We also had good (and sober, sorry about your experience Rosanna C.) service. They have a cute style going that's sort of reminiscent of 1950s diner. Hard to say what the place is like late night post Greenville bar drinking as we went during the day for lunch, but if it's a little less than ideal, account that to the fact that it's late on a Friday/Saturday night and people are WASTED, not to the fact that there's something wrong with Big D's. Any hot dog establishment that makes dogs so loaded you MUST eat them with a knife and fork has gotta be good. My friend and I left Big D's and were revived. Though Big D's may not compare with the food of angels that God rained down on Moses and his people, it must be something close. I now have a new-found reverence for hot dogs after my dining experience and hope on my next trip to Dallas I'll return to Big D's.
<review# 2385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2007,1/24/2008,444,745,6,7,7>imagine three women, definitely not large women, sitting down at hibiscus, staring doe-eyed at the menu. all they can see is crab this, crab that, lobster this, and lobster that. of course since they are brilliant, they decide that they have to try everything. i mean c'mon, whens the next time they are all going to end up in dallas at the same time? wait, who's got the company card? you do? sweeeeettttt.....i woke up this morning MUCH rounder. like that chick from willy wonka who eats the blueberry gum and her dumbass blows up tot he size of a human beach ball. thats me. i can't see my feet. well maybe i can, but maybe i'm too lazy to bend my neck down to see my feet. i'm still soooooo full and it's been at least 10 hours since my last meal. this is what hibiscus and overzealous ordering has done to me. here's what we ordered:1. Baked Crab Dip2. Lump Crab Cake3. Lobster Bisque (one each)4. Entree (for me... the Surf and Turf)5. Sides (Macaroni and Cheese, Garlic Spinach, Mushrooms)6. Dessert (GINORMOUS Chocolate Cake)the baked crab dip was glorious. i would have licked the bowl if i hadn't been in the company of people i worked with. it was sweet, cheesey, and definitely NOT fishy. served with garlic crackerbread it was fabulously drool worthy. the lump crab cake was also awesome. sweet sweet sweet and juicy. if i could bathe in a bed of crab cakes, i more or less would as long as they gave me a fork.the lobster bisque was tasty, though it could have used a little more seasoning (bordering on bland) but the giant jack crouton in the middle definitely was fun and yummy and added an interesting texture to the dish. my surf and turf dish came with two large white shrimp and a 6oz filet. i loved the whtie shrimp. they popped in my mouth like shrimpies should  and made me praise the ocean and all that crap. mmmm shrimpies. the 6oz filet was ok. it was a little too charred on the outside. i like my meat medium rare and it seemed that they had a little bit of a problem getting it there. not the best filet in the world, but not inedible either. ya damn right i ate the whole thing.the sides were ok. their super loved mac and cheese didnt totally impress (lacked salt... lacked super cheesiness). the garlic spinach was delicious and the mushrooms were perfectly cooked. some chick at another table had a freakin birthday here. what does this mean? giant chocolate cake. of course we had to watch as they brought he monstrous creation out to this teeny tiny chick. we knew right then that we'd have to loosen to belts and dig into one of those. we got one, and we discovered that its waaaaaayyyyyyyy more than 3 people could eat. we could have used 5 people. dear god. the cake is really rich, with almost a fudge in between the layers and covered in fudge frosting. i think hibiscus is in collusion with dentists of the area. they have to be. our waiter was superb and extremly friendly/charming. hibiscus did a great job of making us feel welcome and not like gluttons for ordering all that crap. i would definitely come back, but id try something like their copper river salmon or their ahi tuna. i dont think the filet would be a good idea again. how the hell am i going to be able to sit through work today without rolling out the door?
<review# 2386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2007,1/23/2008,34,88,,7,5>This small place in the Lakewood Theatre is a treasure.  Opening doors after parking you are greeted by the sound of Jazz floating down from the second story entryway.  This is a musician's bar.  Every night they have a couple different jazz bands playing.  You'll often find musicians getting off a gig drifting in and joining up with whoever is on stage.  The stage is up front right next to the door.  Dark green walls go far back in the narrow location.  You can see booths and tables in the back under dim lights.  Customers range all over the place.  College students, couples on a date, music lovers.  Occasionally you'll see the bug hit someone and they'll get up and dance.  Most times I go here I find some interesting characters to talk to.  Learning about the history of the electric mandolin to a two hour discussion with a hard core anarchist.  The excellent music makes it all fun.
<review# 2387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2008,1/22/2008,420,662,,7,3>I don't even like pork, as a general rule, and frankly, I have an aversion to eating Babe ... however, the BBQ roast pork at Cuba Libre is TO DIE FOR. It's so tender and soft, you don't even need a knife to eat it. It comes in a sweet, smoky BBQ sauce that is delish. It's served with black beans, but you can sub for yummy grilled veggies, or seasoned fries ... or whatever. I could probably eat this dish every day, slowing dissipating the pig population in North Texas.The mango mojitos also get a thumbs us from me. I know their frozen cuba libre is muy popular, but frankly, I don't like it. In the interest of full disclosure, however, I don't like rum and cokes ... so ...I would definitely check this place out, if only for the BBQ pork. It's worth the trip. Valet parking is pretty much your only option here. Gotta love uptown. Great locale for bar-hopping though, tons of nearby places.
<review# 2388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2008,1/21/2008,38,113,1,4,5>sorry but pretty much anywhere i can feast on six ounce slabs of medium rare deliciousness and listen to the smiths or peter paul + bjorn gets five stars in my book. AMEN. open one in new york please.
<review# 2389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2007,1/20/2008,1,4,3,6,>If you are used to the traditional, quiet, romantic atmosphere of a Sushi restaurant then make sure to dine early at Chaucer's.  Later in the evenings the crowd starts to come in and the DJ starts to play.  There is a dress code if you stay to get your drink on, it's not strict, but just don't go in dressed ghetto.  The food at Chaucer's is between good and excellent.  And they have Hot Sake in about eight different flavors.  The music, food, and crowd here are awesome, it definitely worth checking out!!  Oh, and if you're coming for the view, the waitresses dress in short skirts and boots, it's their uniform.  Kind of like a Hooters, but with Sushi.  Hehe.
<review# 2390,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2008,1/19/2008,52,186,,10,6>Yep, the sushi was good, but the marinated grilled sea bass was easily the most popular thing at our table. So popular, in fact, that we ordered a second plate of it for our enjoyment.The sushi was fresh and tasty, if not just a bit more expensive that it probably should have been.  I liked everything I tasted, save for the sea urchin, which is very obviously not my cup of tea. Our service was good to the point of being annoying. I appreciate an attentive waitress, but coming by the table every 5 seconds was a bit much, especially since the place was virtually empty (it was late night).My biggest regret was not reading the reviews here before I went. If I had, I would have known to try the yakitori. I suppose I'll have to plan a second visit...
<review# 2391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2008,1/18/2008,9,41,,5,4>ok i'm not making this up: last time I made a stop at La calle Doce, i too had the red snapper veracruz. i couldn't pronounce it for the life of me in spanish, nor, perhaps appropriately, can i articulate how freaking yummy it was. Salsa was good and spicy; i didn't have a drink, but based on the fountains on other tables, spirits are are in good and delicious supply; nice enough atmosphere for families, dates, or happy hour. The next time I'm in Dallas, I'll definately see what else can wow me from the impressive menu.
<review# 2392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2007,1/17/2008,25,10,1,7,3>I didn't want my first review to be something others have already described much better than I could do myself, so I'm excited to see that this seems to be the first entry for Nonna's.  As you may know, Nonnna means "grandmother" in Italian, but don't expect your grandmother's kitchen.  The reatuarant is located across from the Whole Foods on Lemmon and was quite busy for a Tuesday night.  The ambience is sophisticated with a small bar as you enter that exclusively serves Italian wine.  The feel is a bit claustrophobic as the tables are rather close together, but the darkness does add to the illusion of privacy- though if you are wearing black pants- will also apparently encourage waitstaff to throw themselves across your lap- so consider yourself warned!The menu is a single page and includes a small selection of salads, traditional pizza, pasta, and entrees.  I started with the bitter green salad, had the lamb chop with sausage and cannellini beans, and ricotta cheesecake for dessert with a capuccino.  (Not to worry, I had just come from the gym , so I can gorge myself every now and then!) Portions were generous, but not excessive and the dishes themselves had good presentation and taste- if not a little on the salty side.  My company had the lobster gnocchi, bolognese, and shrimp ravioli to give you and idea of other entrees.  The restaurant is certainly on the higher end of pricing, but not obscene- and can compete with other Italian restaurants in town.  I'd prefer the authenticity of an Angelo's in lakewood, but Nonna's is worth visiting for a casual date or dinner with friends.
<review# 2393,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/25/2007,1/16/2008,5,4,,7,2>Although I lived in Dallas for a number of years I'd never made it to Terilli's.  While back in Dallas for Christmas, I met someone and Terilli's is one of her favorite places so we went.I was nicely surprised by what I found.  The seating toward the back had a nice quite intimate feel.  The service was great as was the wine list.  After looking at the menu for a good bit, I finally made a choice - Tom Landry Special.  To quote Jim C. "Yum".  Although I only put $$ you can push the cost to $$$ with drinks.I do recommend this restaurant if you are looking for good food, good atmosphere, and good service. Next time I am in Dallas, I will be back.
<review# 2394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2007,1/15/2008,356,994,,5,2>One of the things I love, are local restaurants that make a great meal.  Somewhere that you ask a local where to eat and one place jumps to mind.  We got into Dallas early this afternoon, and asked about where to get lunch and they told us "Los Lupes"!  After getting directions we were off.  Los Lupes has quite a number of locations and this was my first.  But after eating here, I am hooked.  We got there after the lunch hour and got a booth.  When we came in, they had a board up of a lunch special of "Fajitas" and two plates out with the example of the food.  It looked excellent.  So we went with the special.  The food arrived extremely quickly and was fantastic!  The meat was made to perfection, the tortillas seemed home made (not purchased outside), the beans were amazing (and small chunks of jalopenas in them), with Quacamole that was made to perfection.  I will be back!!
<review# 2395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,1/13/2008,105,47,14,4,5>Have I told you the one about Dream Cafe?I will, but first a little background.You may or may not know that the Wilson brothers, which includes Owen and Luke, are from the north Dallas area. If you don't know who Owen and Luke Wilson are, you may not find this review very helpful. Just sayin'. Several years ago, I was working at Whole Earth Provision Co. on Mockingbird. Back then I was in charge of all the shipping and receiving of stock, special orders, and repairs. No, it wasn't a particularly glamorous job, but it was a DotCom Life Boat and helped pay the bills while I waited for all the no talent ass clowns and Venture Capitalists to get their heads out of their asses.Luke Wilson liked coming into the store. Well, actually, I don't know if he liked it or not. But he came in several times during a period of 6 months or so. I think he was going out with Gwyneth Paltrow at the time. I don't know. Maybe they were just friends. She came in with him at least once though. Whatever. Luke put in a special order for a pair of Mephisto shoes. When they came in, I put them on (even though they were like a size 13 or something) and walked around the store pointing at people saying "You don't know what it's like to walk in Luke Wilson's shoes."  Seriously, I don't know where I come up with this shit. I never told Luke this. Sorry, Luke.  You  didn't even end up buying the shoes, man, so no harm done.One of the times that he was in the store, I was helping him out with some outdoorsy stuff he was buying. I can't remember, it might have been Reefs. Anyway, I told him that I was a fan of his work or something and he said something nice back to me like, "I'm a big fan of your shipping skillz" and then we did some fancy Hollywood handshake thing. (Look, I'm trying to spice things up a bit here)I ended up in several of the same places as Luke over the next several months: Chipotle, Lower Greenville, a-list parties. It became a bit of a joke. Like I wanted to go up to him and say, "Stop fuckin' following me, man."My parents came up to Dallas to visit one weekend and I suggested a Sunday afternoon meal at  Dream Cafe. We were sitting at our table a few minutes when in walked Luke and a director friend of his. They were sat at a table directly across from my parents and me.Here's how the conversation at our table went. (It's important to note that my father has very selective hearing.)Me (whispering): "Mom, have you seen 'The Royal Tenenbaums'?"Mom: "I think so."Me (whispering): "That's Luke Wilson over there, the actor."Mom: "Oh really?"I then proceed to tell my mother the story of my encounters with Luke Wilson.Mom (whispering): "Marion*, you know that movie 'The Royal Tenenbaums'?"Dad: "No"Mom: "Yes you do. We watched it a couple of weeks ago."Dad: "I don't know what you're talking about."Mom (whispering): "That's Luke Wilson over there. He's an actor in 'The Royal Tenenbaums'."Dad: "I can't understand you."Me (slightly louder): "That's Luke Wilson, the actor."Dad (quite loudly): "LUKE WHO?"I just smiled and went back to my Migas with veggie sausage. I moved away from Dallas not too long after that. Luke and I don't see each other anymore.Dream Cafe is always a great place to go when people were visiting but I find the prices a bit high for a regular Sunday meal. They do offer specials on Bellinis and Mimosas on Sundays however, if you're needing a little hair of the dog. They have a varied vegetarian selection if you swing that way and the staff are always friendly. It's like a little bit of Austin in the middle of Dallas.*there was a time when "Marion" was a popular name for men. He's in distinguished company. John Wayne's real name is Marion.
<review# 2396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2008,1/12/2008,199,332,6,6,3>Growing up in Cali, I have been to more burrito places than I can count but Freebirds definitely stands out. From the moment you walk in, you sense a different vibe. I think the lovely talented writer Hannah S put it best in calling it hippy-esque. I never feel like I being rushed through the line. It's almost as if my burrito wrangler is saying "Dude, I just want to make you some bitchin' grub". There are a lot of choices to make so I'm glad for the stress free environmentFreebirds has a size for every appetite, then a selection of fine tortillas, followed by choice of meat, veggies, cheese, beans, etc. My favorite is the steak with BBQ sauce and roasted garlic. That is an unexpected taste delight in a burrito. Man, that taste lingers with you for awhile but in the best way possible. Regardless of choices, your tortilla will be bursting at the seams.Prices are certainly reasonable, especially for the hefty sizes. I was shocked to read a little sign they posted recently talking about how cheese prices have been inflated recently so they no longer can give you extra cheese for free anymore. Heck, I never heard of a joint that ever gave away from cheese, period, but it doesn't surprise me that Freebirds would have hooked you up before.I must admit one thing. Writing this review has made me sad. If I would have thought of it earlier I could have stopped at Freebirds for dinner. Dang it!
<review# 2397,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2007,1/11/2008,419,123,11,4,5>If you know Jackson, and he knows you . . . you should just plan on riding in a cab from the get go. This is some of the stiffest drinks in town. It's a great place to pick up a drunk hipster or her room mate or both, go to a party with them on Oram, end up at some dude's house who thinks he a "great" DJ, continue the night by not only discovering what Sparks is, but unfortunately deciding that you love it, dancing with aforementioned roommate while the hipster readies the hookah, moving the party to the front yard only to be joined by more hipsters screaming something about how "The Futureheads are not as cool as you think they are" and about hoping that their parent's check clears tonight because they forgot to close their tab at the Doublewide, making out with aforementioned hipster over the hookah while aforementioned roommate gets pissed and storms off into the backyard where the funny cigarettes are being smoked, breaking off things with the hipster and talking aforementioned roommate into watching Space Ghost in her room and getting your swerve on just long enough that the sun rises and Cafe Brazil opens.Not that I've done anything like that.
<review# 2398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2008,1/10/2008,308,111,10,5,4>Don't be so pretentious as to negate this place because it's a chain. There is one MAIN reason to come here. They are King of Fajitas. Yes, apparently they've stolen the very same ones made by Pappasito's(TM), but somehow they're just better here. Don't bother getting anything else but fajitas. Everything else is mediocre. Now here's how to do it: first, tell the waiter that you won't be needing a menu. Immediately order a pound of beef only (or get combo if someone in your group is a puss) fajitas. Get all the sour cream/cheese/etc. options that cost extra. Just shut up and get them. Also, tell the waiter not to bother bringing the mediocre beans and rice that accompany the entree. They occupy valuable real estate not only on the table but also in your stomach where the ethereal and orgasm-inducing fajitas should reside.**Now this is *key*--it sounds dumb, but ask for an extra cup of "Mexican Butter". Yes, I wish they had a better name for it, but feeling like Don Rickles for a second is worth it. If you do not take this step in the process, then just walk out onto the Tollway and get hit by a bus.This is a God-like magical cup of frothy, whisked and melted butter combined with garlic and white wine. Drizzle this LIBERALLY over each of your fajitas before lovingly folding it closed. Nir-Va-Na. There is no better taste experience in the entire world. I stake my own life on that claim.Now here's a fajita primer for those who don't know: First, lay out the flour tortilla (which are made in-house and are of the essential 'stretchy' kind that you must have). Leaving about 1/5 of the tortilla completely naked, spread on the guacamole and sour cream on the other 4/5. Lay out some of the pico de gallo over this, then sprinkle on only a little cheddar cheese (novices make the mistake of putting too much on at this point and then you cannot close the fajita). Second, choose a succulent piece of beef from the skillet and slurp it into your mouth immediately to savor this first, best taste of meat. Enjoy. Oh God, it's good...   Anyway, while that's happening, take a couple of other pieces of beef and nestle them on the bed of condiments you've created, still leaving 1/5 of the tortilla completely untouched.With the large "bean" spoon supplied in your silverware, rake off the top froth of the mexican butter and drizzle it on your beef--again, liberally!Now, take the 1/5 of tortilla with nothing on it and fold it slightly over the contents to create the "bottom" of your fajita. This is the step most people leave out, instead choosing to simply "taco" their fajita closed. As soon as they take the first bite, everything goes spilling out of the bottom end! What morons! After that, 'close' the sides of the tortillas over the whole thing like a wardrobe, pack it tightly shut, and now you are ready. You know what to do, and when you bite into that magnificent THING, nothing squirts out of the bottom of it (I'm speaking literally, not metaphorically here, Gutter-Mind).And now you know.
<review# 2399,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2007,1/8/2008,118,439,,7,2>Let me begin this review to say that it would be five stars if we had only ordered my entree and my husband's entree.  However, the other two entrees at the table did not match the level of ours, hence the four star review.  I had read all over the place that this restaurant is small.  Yet, I was unprepared for the fact that it is tiny.  The tables are small, the room is small, and even the bathrooms are small.  When we arrived for our 8pm reservations, we were immediately seated and presented with the menus.  We received delicious toasted almonds, marinated olives and sherry to begin the evening.  The service started off great and continued throughout the night (even though they mistakenly overcharged us, they apologized profusely and I believe it was an honest mistake of miscommunication between the server and the lady that served our wine).  They did not have any non-dry white wines by the glass for my Mom but they opened a Pinot Grigio for her to have one glass, which I thought was nice.I started with the salad that included baby romaine, pomegranates, blue cheese crumbles, and bacon in a light vinaigrette.  It was wonderful.  My husband and Mom had the roasted red pepper soup and Dad had the oysters - all were superb.For entrees, I had the antelope and it was heavenly.  It was one of the better pieces of meat I have had the experience of consuming - lean, with a texture like beef, but almost a sweet flavor.  My husband had the buffalo, which was also stellar.  My Mom ordered the scallops and Dad ordered the white albacore tuna - they liked their dishes but were not blown away.  Then came dessert...the homemade apple pie w/ vanilla ice cream and cherry bread pudding with butterscotch ice cream were demolished immediately even though we were all full.  All in all, a great experience that I would love to give a five, but I do give it a hearty recommendation and a 4.5 rounded down...how about that?
<review# 2400,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2007,1/7/2008,36,22,2,4,3>One of my favorite little hole in the wall places, Bonnie Ruth's is amazing. I have only had the dinner experience but it is consistent, inventive and flavorful! It used to be BYOB but im not sure if that still flies. My favorite dish is their Chicken Francaise which is mouthwatering even thinking about it! Their description of the dish is: Escalope of chicken sauted with lemon, butter, wine and marjoram.  Served with potato celeriac puree and haricot vert in shallot butter  for $11.95. I have also seen but not tried the House Roasted Sirloin with Bernaise. It looked exquisite. The atmosphere of this place is homey yet romantic. I think the feel they were going for was a small French cafe (then again I've never been to France so I can only imagine). Their Mixed Baby Field Greens Salad is great due to the always fresh ingredients and house vinaigrette. This place also makes some of the best cakes I have come across! You can custom order them whole or buy them in store by the slice. The only thing I'm not crazy about is the bread which comes with your meal. It isn't anything special in my opinion and I love my breads and cheeses! I think this place is also closed Mondays...fyi.
<review# 2401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/14/2007,1/5/2008,145,231,,3,3>Yummy!  We had bbq pork, roasted pork soft noodles, & chicken, but I want to try the duck next time.  It was very good- lived up to its expectations.  Tons of food & good price.  I got a bit of a stomach ache- maybe from the grease- not sure?  But I still want to go back... :) Bring cash.
<review# 2402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/26/2007,1/4/2008,52,177,,4,3>I had low expectations coming in.  I read the reviews on Yelp (taken with a grain of salt), heard that it was all hype, etc...  I was ready to rip into Colicchio's restaurant like he rips into the chefs on Top Chef.  When I walked in, all these negative feelings faded away.  I toyed with whether I should give this place 4 or 5 stars, if I reviewed it right away I would have given it 4, but now after having time to reflect it definitely deserves 5.  The decor was great.  They had some really unique lighting structures which I thought were really cool.  The placemats they used made me feel at home, especially since they are ones that my parents use at home.  Overall a pretty amazing place to look at.The idea is unique to this type of cuisine in the whole pro-family style and it worked extremely well.  Our meal started with 12 very fresh oysters, some lobster, foie gras, and shrimp.  Everything was cooked to perfection and was amazing.  I was especially impressed with the foie gras.  I expected it to be good, but it really was one of the best if not the best I've had in Dallas.  For the main courses we had the guinea hen, kobe skirt steak, scallops, and the duck.  Everything was fantastic.  The weakest dish was the scallops, while they were cooked well and the flavors were great, it just didn't stand out next to the other main dishes.  The steak was the best out of the 4 main dishes.  The meat was lightly but perfectly seasoned and almost buttery and very tender.  One thing that really stuck out to me was how honest our waiter was.  Generally when I go out and ask about a dish, no matter what dish it is, the waiter will say how good it is.  Our waiter was very honest about which dishes he enjoyed and which ones he didn't like, and he was very detailed on why he didn't like them.  I was really happy and impressed that they have staff like that.  The prices are expensive, but in no way for a quality meal like that are they unreasonable.  This was really a 5 star experience, and would recommend it to anybody who is looking for a great place to eat and also has a fat wallet to splurge on it.
<review# 2403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2007,1/3/2008,55,64,,4,5>Funny comics, didn't break the bank, and a good time.  They recently moved into the DoubleTree hotel off 75.  It's a smaller stage, with seating around 40 max or so.  They had comics from all over, including some that were on last comic standing and some other reality comedy TV shows.  Had some good laughs, and some good drinks.  Not a bad place to spend a night and have a good laugh with friends.
<review# 2404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,1/2/2008,23,84,3,4,3>This place is behind a gas station, in a strip mall, next to an old coin store...and I love it.The booze is really cheap, a scotch and soda cost me $2.50. I forgot how pleasant it is to be able to smoke inside and not have to use a plastic cup full of water as an ash tray. My trip home to Dallas really surprised me to find out it isn't illegal to smoke indoors some places. My friends and I were definitely the youngest people in the bar, possibly the youngest people who ever set foot in the bar, but that didn't stop the staff from being very friendly and helpful.  The bartender goes around to the tables to make sure everything is okay, and brings you another drink if you want one.They have a Coors light tarp big enough to protect the white house from a flood.
<review# 2405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2007,1/1/2008,149,300,,3,4>One of the saving graces of our 4 day Dallas excursion. Highlights included:FREE admission!The 'Inorganic Urban Creature' exhibit The various beautiful Chinese snuff bottles carved from nephriteThe impressive Indian and Nepalese reliefs and artifactsThe soothing, ambient music The hanging origami in the walkway (as S R pointed out)The 4 season nephrite/jade panels given to the Chinese emperor from the Russian Tsarand the various Edo period artworkone minute minor lowlight: the cold. maybe the lower temperature helps preserve the artifacts, paintings and murals, but what do i know.
<review# 2406,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/19/2007,12/31/2007,61,259,1,3,2>Oh Merideth!  While I agree with your assessment of the bar scene, I wouldn't write it off as a restaurant!  I did spend many months in Dallas, and Dragonfly was the occasional treat.  My travel week is usually Mon-Thurs, so I frequented this place on Tuesday and Wednesday evenings.---The Selection---4 out of 5.  Though I am an avid meat eater, I tend to order fish at this restaurant.  The specials change often, so check those out.---The Food---5 out of 5.  The grilled cod and bone-in ribeye are my clear favorites.  The golden brown cod had a nice texture and flavor while the bone-in ribeye had the very meaty man-ish way about it.  Okay, maybe not man-ish, but you knew you were biting into a big piece of cow.  Mooo!  Also try the baked clams or calamari to start.  ---The Wine, The Booze---4 out of 5.  No idea what I had here, but I remember thinking it was just okay and fairly pricey.  On the other hand, I ordered a relatively particular cocktail and they made it for me.  Most of the time, the conversation goes like this:  Me: "Triple goose martini, up, very cold, with three blue cheese stuffed olives."  Them: "We don't have that, sir."  Me: "What, the goose martini or the olives??"  Them: "The blue cheese stuffed olives."  Me: "So you don't have blue cheese.  Or you don't have olives.  Or you just don't want to stuff them for me."  At Dragonfly, the nice waitress says, "We don't have blue cheese stuffed olives, but we have blue cheese and olives.  I'll go stuff them for you."  SUPERB!  ---The Service---3 out of 5.  The servers are all generally great.  They are polite and attentive.  However, nice restaurants like this usually come with an additional person to help.  Get some water, pour our wine, etc.  A few times, we had this young kid who acted like he was stoned.  Slow moving, trying really hard not to spill anything, glazed look on his face... and he would take the wine away from us every time.  I mean try to take it back into the kitchen.  We had to flag him down a few times.  Oh, and one time, we asked for some wines and the server just started making stuff up.  It's not a problem to say you don't know; they got a lot of wines here!---The Location---4.5 out of 5.  I like the Hotel Za Za.  During the winter, they close the pool and install some clear plexiglass over the water.  It's a bit cheesy, but it can be fun to sit on a couch on top of a pool...  Also, the location is downtown so you can easily get to the bars or clubs for a hip night out.I definitely recommend coming on an empty night and bringing your own company.  But beyond that, food is good, service is decent, and I got my triple martini with my triple olives stuffed with blue cheese.
<review# 2407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2007,12/30/2007,118,41,5,12,6>The second I saw that this place had a location here in Dallas I just had to get my butt over here pronto. Back when I was in New York, I had one slice and have been dreaming of the day I could head back to Brooklyn and pick up a pie.LO AND BEHOLD, IT'S NOW IN DALLAS!!!As soon as the clock hit 5:15pm I was GONE from work and on my way over here!!Inside it's actually really nice.  It's modern with high ceilings and the oven in the center with a big round countertop.  I thought it was gonna be a restaurant type thing but when I sat down the only thing on the menu was pizza, related pizza items, drinks, salads and deserts.  There was a separate wine menu.The waiter was pretty cool, name's Johnny, constantly refilling the lemonade while I chowed down on a 16" pie.  It was a BLAST FROM THE PAST!!  I was sooooo happy.  It's like when I was a kid growing up in Queens, NY.  IT WAS GOOD PIZZA!It tastes like REAL PIZZA.  I think that taste that's been missing I've noticed for decades now is that coal fired brick-oven taste.  It's, I can't really describe it exactly, sorta like you know that there are no artificial preservatives taste.  Tomato sauce and garlic taste like it's tomato sauce and garlic.  Not like Papa John's - which I don't mind when I'm in a rush to eat something.There was a manager greeting people at their tables and he was really cool too!  He came up and said hello and wanted to chat a little bit.  I felt bad cuz I was really into the pizza and I might not have been focusing on very much else.In my opinion this stuff was CHEAP!  I paid $13.00 for a 16" pie and I only ate half cuz I was stuffed....and this is thin crust pizza!  Total was about $21 because of drinks and cheesecake.   I had to get a takeout box for the remaining half pizza and cheesecake.Checkout their menu at grimaldispizzeria.comThis one gets five stars!!P.S. - I asked on the telephone if they were affiliated with the one in Brooklyn.  They said it's the same family and the same recipe but that one faction of the Grimaldi family runs some restaurants outside of New York and that they're not offically connected with the one in Brooklyn.Then I called again because someone messaged me that they didn't see a New York location on the website.  I asked over the phone the same question again wondering if I'd get the same answer and the person said that they are connected.  Although I think this person was new or something.
<review# 2408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,12/29/2007,238,71,5,5,6>Cocktails for cinephiles, or those who just want a historic backdrop while they imbibe. The Art Deco Inwood got a face lift a few years ago after locals Mark Cuban and Todd Wagner got hold of its parent Landmark Theater chain. A water wall and glass blocks separate patrons from lobby concessionaires. For intimate gatherings of five to 20 friends, the bar's hidden-from-sight "back room" is a gem...offering a glimpse of whatever's on the big screen next door. [Confession time: I've spent every Christmas night since I turned 21 at this bar. Not that I don't love my family, but by nightfall we've had enough together time, and I'm ready to rendezvous with the rest of my loved ones.]That said, if the next time I'm celebrating a friend's birthday and the back room is full ... or it's Standing Room Only on a holiday (because, in keeping with movie release dates, this place never closes)  -- I will hurt you if you don't make room for me and my pals.
<review# 2409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2007,12/28/2007,169,220,1,5,2>I was really pleasantly surprised by Cremona. I saw the restaurant a few weeks prior and was intrigued so when a date suggested Italian, I immediately knew I had to finally try Cremona.It was really a lot of fun - the atmosphere reminds me of a genuine Bucca di Beppo and the menu has a lot of variety. My date had the veal with the artichoke hearts and I had the Gnocchi alla Cremona which was fantastic.All in all, a success! I'll definitely be going back to Cremona.
<review# 2410,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2007,12/27/2007,90,127,,2,3>I was introduced to this restaurant by a good friend of mine and really enjoyed my dining experiences here.  She had brought me here because I loved the bento boxes from Sushiyama.  This place was supposedly comprable and better with their bentos.Each time since my first visit there, I really only come here for their bento boxes if I'm in that mood.  What I like about their menu is that they probably have the most combinations in their bentos than any other Japanese restaurant in town.  Sushi and rolls, sushi and teriyaki beef, sashimi and sushi, sashimi and teriyaki chicken, sushi and salmon...etc etc.  And, their bentos come with a good selection of food--I guarantee you will be full when you are finished.  So, go and try a bento.  I'm sure they have plenty of other things on the menu that are good as well...haven't tried them yet though.  Also, I believe they have bento specials 6 out of the 7 days of the week, so that definately beats Sushiyama's $11 bentos on Wednesday only.
<review# 2411,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2007,12/26/2007,92,278,2,5,3>A great find for people watching what they eat and those who willfully ignore their cardiologists.  On a good day, I'll get plain grilled fish, no butter, no oil, with a side of fresh grilled veggies.  On a bad day, it's the fried shrimp basket with hush puppies and fries.Either way, the food is consistently good.  The service is fast.  This particular location is always busy, so these days I opt for the Firewheel location near my parents house.  Also, they're opening on Henderson, which is much closer to home.
<review# 2412,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/17/2007,12/25/2007,443,598,2,4,4>It's your basic grocery store, but more aimed at the Hispanic clientle. They've got an awesome deli where you can get freshly seasoned and cooked meats and I know this because this is where people get their lunches and dinner and by the time I usually get there in the evening most of the stuff is gone. Their bakery is awesome as well. They have a variety of pan dulces and I'd recommend the empanadas, the fruit filled sticks, and churros. Mmmm.Another convenience is that they have a Ticketmaster at their Customer Service office so you can get all sorts of concert and sporting event tickets! When you're leaving don't forget to stop by the little stand where you can get fresh juice, tacos, and my favorite, elotes.
<review# 2413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2007,12/24/2007,7,15,10,13,5>Lately, my car's been like Paris Hilton, getting banged left and right.   From the front, from behind, dudes have been rammin into it, like they cant avoid it...Pr1cks. I even have pictures of some of the carnage. The first time, a few months ago, some dude decided to take a shortcut through my car on his way out of the parking garage.  Now I'm not super-anal about every little scratch and ding and imperfection on my car, since its meant to be driven.  And drive it i do, like its stolen.   But since his insurance was flipping the bill, i said Nay to their "recommended" body shops and decided to find a quality place to take the g-ride.  I sought the advice of local auto enthusiasts, who happen to be insanely neurotic about their high dollar toys.    The resounding verdict was that Details was the place to go.So I called them up, and Ron told me to swing by and he'd take a look.  After talking to Ron I knew this was the place to be.  He knew his business, and proceeded to inform me on how most insurance companies try to screw you into getting inferior used or non-OEM parts.  They even had a yellow van parked outside the shop, with stenciled black letters warning passers-by of a couple of the worst offenders, that should be avoided.  I forget which ones specifically, but luckily neither one of them were who i was dealing with.Anyhow, its been a couple of times this has happened.  And both times Ron has succeeded in working/fighting with the insurance companies on my behalf.  They've also done great work, and my car looks better than when it came in.All the people in the office are really friendly, and always give the impression that they appreciate your business.  This is entirely too rare a concept in the auto repair business. Candy and sodas/water are provided in the waiting room along with comfortable seating and a wide array of magazines.  They also took care of everything with the rental car companies for me both times.They've got my business in the future, when i undoubtedly get hit again, or finally find myself in a ditch after some ill-advised speed-racer antics.
<review# 2414,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/14/2007,12/23/2007,9,9,5,8,3>Bistro B is one of my favorite places to eat. Food is definitely cheap. And I also think it's because of their eggroll..hmm. My friend and i would usually drive all the way just to get eggrolls, even though we live prolly 20 miles away.haha)  Tip: the eggrolls that they sell near the register are cheaper than the ones on the menu. it's only 25cents/pc.)  Cons: lotsa people(esp. during the weekends!)            dirty surroundings            bad, baad service! ( ok, my friends and i were just here last night.  i asked that one waiter dude if he could give us small bowls for our PHO and water to drink (since that one lady server who took our orders totally forgot about us :-/ ).  I wasn't even done talking when he decides to leave. o.0 He finally came back with our bowls and no water.  I had to ask another dude twice to give us our drinks coz he forgot the first time. *sigh*Did i say food is cheap?!
<review# 2415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,12/22/2007,10,108,2,4,2>Based on previous recommendation, I tried this restaurant tonight.Very, very nice place with a great Bulgogi. You need two people to get the table side grill fired up. I was the only anglo in the place and found that I was not only welcomed but taken very good care of.The sides were plentiful and the service attentive.I would highly recommend you try it...Kam pai!
<review# 2416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2007,12/21/2007,413,1019,1,4,2>I was actually pretty surprised that this museum had such a great collection. I mean, come on. You don't go to Dallas thinking that they have fine art institutions. The first time I went was during the Matisse exhibition, which was excellent. I am a reciprocal member, so I have been back a few times and am finding new things I like each time. The permanent collection has a lot of gems - my favorite was Matisse's "Ivy in Flower". Also, don't miss the art outside of the museum. There are a few sculptures (the one as you walk towards the museum from the DART station and the Henry Moore on the West entrance come to mind) and then there is the Covarruvias mural near the Museum Cafe. Speaking of the cafe, the space is beautiful. The food is decent as well. And the Museum store has a lot of great items - including some unique jewelry (their signature bracelet is fab - I get compliments on mine all the time.) You can't go wrong spending some time here. Get your culture on already!
<review# 2417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2007,12/20/2007,20,146,,8,3>I had the pleasure of dining here one weekend and I thoroughly enjoyed my experience.  It is easygoing and not intimidating.  In this location of a chain steakhouse, I guess the distinguishing aspect is the extra swish in the waiters.After the "Silver Fox" salad vinaigrette -- delicious though a bit soggy -- I had the rack of lamb which is not as big as it sounds (about 8-10 mouthfuls).  I had it with whipped potatoes and vegetables.Did I mention the pickles?  While you wait for you food there's bread and and there are these pickle slices that are addictive, as the waiter warned.  They are more sweet than salty or sour, and you will probably eat every one of them.  Save it to go with your meal.  It's refreshing.Watch out for the salt.  There were some pockets of salt on my meat that surprised me and kind of ruined that particular bite.  Same goes for the tomatoes.  They just sprinkled too much on there.  They just need to be confident about letting the natural flavor of the food come out.The experience was good.  The waiter was nice and friendly.  This restaurant is in a good location for having some fun after the meal.
<review# 2418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2007,12/19/2007,118,506,4,3,5>Parking here....hahaha, well it goes for anywhere, no?This mall is gorgeous and it's nice to see that all shops share the spaciousness and continuum beauty.  Unlike Houston's Galleria where all the "regular" stores have dark and dingy natural lighting and it's higher-end shops are immaculate and perfectly lit, this mall makes all of its stores warm and inviting, regardless of price tag.  Honestly, on more than a few levels are there small mini playgrounds for kiddies and their doting parents.  It's amazing what a mix of money and land can do in surburbia.
<review# 2419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2007,12/17/2007,18,27,2,6,3>We love this place. We go to Oak Cliff just for the Bishop Arts District and this restaurant. Go early, there is only about 15 tables in the restaurant and they fill up quick on the weekends. The service and atmosphere is no-frills. Definitely a hole in the wall, which adds to it's charm of chipped painted walls, Mexican floral plastic table coverings, and ripped booths. Anything you get here, breakfast-wise (never have had the necessity to venture out to the rest of the menu, though I have heard their enchiladas are awe inspiring) is delicious. Their scrambled eggs are always buttery and very garlicky. Eggs over easy, medium? They have always been just right. The frijoles are just about the tastiest in town and the potatoes that come with the breakfast are fried just right and crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. Ask for their hot sauce, it is homemade and again filled with garlic and just the perfect amount flavor. It's not too spicy, but it is so damn good, it really doesn't matter.After you gorge on the best damn breakfast you had had in a long time, and have just a liiiiiitle bit of room left, ask for a Strawberry milk drink. It comes in a huge 64 oz Styrofoam cup and it is sweet nectar of the Mexican gods. My son could drink the whole thing if we'd let him. Pay your tiny tiny tab (three of us spend about $10-$12) and go on your merry way. My only complaint, and it is only because I am a freak, is that you smell a bit like the restaurant after you leave there. It will always happen where there is frying or if it is very small, which it is both. I have a problem with that, but I am trying to get over it, and it should not deter you from eating one of the best comfort foods in town.
<review# 2420,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2007,12/16/2007,47,40,2,4,3>I must agree with a number of other posters, Desperado's is really a great spot for Tex-Mex on Greenville Ave., I've been going here for at least 10 years now and have had few disappointments.  My last visit, my regular waiter, Rojo, meaning red in spanish, took excellent care of me again, despite a couple of mistakes.  You'll recognize Rojo, a long-time employee of Desperado's, by his ginger-hair, as red as any Scotsman, although he is indeed from Mexico.  My date and I arrived early on a Sat. with an incredible hangover from the previous night and began to drink more in order to kill our collective hangover.  Rojo had noticed me right away when I walked through the door and we had a pleasant conversation in spanish before he seated me at a table of my choosing.  I tried a margartia and a bloody-mary, "double-fisting it" in order to more immediately kill the headache.  Both prepared strongly enough to suit me and brought quickly enough to appease my hangover-anxiety.  I ordered a couple of antojitos or appetizers, queso and the mexican shrimp cocktail, both which should've come before the lunch entrees, but somehow, Rojo neglected these two orders and brough lunch sin antojitos, so to speak.  I reminded Rojo of our appetizer orders (although lunch, as big as the portions were, might've been sufficient), and he brought them out quickly, and offered us two free margaritas to make up for the error, which we accepted happily and thirstily.  By now, on our third or 4th drinks, our eyes were beginning to resemble the sticky glaze of the rings made by our drinks on the table and the hangover we'd experienced earlier was being replaced again by a blissful drunkenness.  Anything Rojo did and said at this point was funny due to the onset of inebriation and we ended up laughing through the rest of the lunch with him, easily forgetting his little mishap by now.  I remember leaving him a nice tip, although I now forget what exactly I ate for lunch, lol.  The appetizers though, were just fine, the queso especially good, fresh and with a nice yellowish-color, as opposed to the beige, unsalted, completely-lacking-in-flavor variety that I've found elsewhere.  The mexican shrimp cocktail was not as good as other places I've visited, namely AwShucks, which I would have to award 'Best Mexican Shrimp Cocktail on Greenville Ave' if indeed, they had such an award, but still passable cocktail, nonetheless.  Whatever I ate for lunch, it was decent to above-average Tex-Mex fare.  I'm sure it was some kind of enchilada plate or something...Having been here many times in the past and never having experienced anything more than a simple problem such as the one mentioned before with the mysteriously forgotten appetizers, I have to give Desperado's 4 stars for consistently good Tex-Mex food and consistently great service.  They also have a cozy fireplace in back that's great for weekend brunches and parking is usually not a problem.  As such, they earn a well-deserved 4 stars and I hope they stay in business for many years to come.  Viva Rojo and Desperado's!!!
<review# 2421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2007,12/14/2007,259,574,3,9,3>Paradise Bakery finally opened on Alpha and the Tollway in North Dallas! I'd been wanting to try this place out for a while so I was glad to see it finally opened. I went for lunch yesterday with a friend and we were both impressed with the size of this location. There was lots of sunlight coming in the windows which was nice on such a cold wintry day. There looked t o be a special bakery only section to the left and regular food to the right. There was some confusion as to where to exactly start the process of ordering (people were milling about like lost sheep), but once we located the "START HERE" sign we were good to go. We hopped in line and just started ordering things. It appeared the first stop was a sandwich station. They had a few examples of sandwiches pre-made, but I believe they'd make whatever you wanted. This is also where to pick a quiche or a quiche muffin (more on the muffin in a minute!) The next stop is a salad area. There are ingredients to build your own salad, they have some pre-made salads (pasta salad, fruit salad, etc), and they also have some salads on the menu you can order. Then a soup station where they had I believe 4 kinds of soup available (I think these change everyday). Desserts were the last stop before the cashier.My quiche muffin, tortilla soup, pasta salad and a fountain drink came up to $11 something I believe which sounds kind of pricey but I did get a variety of items. The tortilla soup was pretty good. It wasn't the chicken tortilla soup I'm used to - it had some beef in it and a beefy-ish broth, but again it was nice on such a cold day. The pasta salad was good, but I wish they had the Waldorf everyone was raving about.I'm saving the best for last though because my quiche muffin was TO DIE FOR! It was a cheesy, spinach-y CRUST-LESS specimen of deliciousness. I can see myself becoming addicted to these things very easily. There were cookie and bread samples available to check out, but I didn't get to it this time. There were lots of other things I saw that looked delicious as well (ham and cheese croissant!) which just means I'll have to go back again real soon!Update: The Coconut Chocolate chip cookies ARE FANTASTIC!
<review# 2422,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2007,12/12/2007,216,175,,4,3>Huge portions of spicy, authentic Caribbean food.  Though it doesn't beat out Elaine's as my favorite Dallas Caribbean restaurant, it is considerably more convenient (and safer), so it could become a regular spot.With its large open space, the restaurant is built for dancing, and they have live Reggae music on weekends (wait until you hear the reggae-ized version of Anita Baker's 'Been So Long').   I haven't tried the lunch buffet, but it's supposed to be pretty nice.  The service is very slow, but I guess that's the island way.Definitely try their homemade ginger beer (its a soda).  Sweet with a nice little kick.  It puts that bottled stuff to shame.
<review# 2423,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2007,12/11/2007,154,444,5,5,4>You get four stars for just being there and bringing back memories of college.  I never understood the appeal of Krispy Kreme donuts, granted that might be because I grew up selling them for school fundraisers.  Now Dunkin Donuts were the ones that were closest to my heart.  "Study breaks to get donuts" of course we (myself and Cookie Boy) would drive out the the airport location to get them - hey we liked watching the planes.  My housemates thought that was a code for something else, but no it was only about the donuts and planes.So when I was walking to my gate and saw Dunkin Donuts, I had to stop.  I got one hoping that it would be as good as my memory.  And yes, it was!!  I only had a bite or two (mind you, I also had the muffin from Starbucks)  But it was worth the $0.97 to have the first  Dunkin Donut I have had in over 10 years.
<review# 2424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2007,12/9/2007,233,223,2,5,3>I've had mostly really great experiences with Southwest. I was bummed when they bumped the prices up a couple of years back, but overall I'm still a happy customer and will continue to fly SWA as long as the flight attendants keep singing for us ;) My only negative comment is that flying southwest long distance is just not a great experience, keep it short and sweet - no more then a couple of hours at a time.
<review# 2425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,12/8/2007,311,518,2,2,1>I thought the overall experience was very good. Went with a date and service was prompt food was hot and tasted good. Don't remember too much about the details because we went to Spike next door afterwards. They had black beans which is always a plus, and my date saved her flautas so they must have been good as well.
<review# 2426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2007,12/7/2007,6,34,3,7,5>This is THE BEST resturaunt in Dallas.  It's prices are cheap and the menu is VERY interesting and always delicious.The Catfish is the star here, if it's your first time order it.  I don't care if you don't like fish, or catfish.  It will be one of the best food items you've ever eaten in your life...Only thing I don't like about this place is that on weekends it gets very busy and it's a bit less casual than it should be considering it's neighborhood feel and location.I love Oak Cliff though and this is a great place to go to avoid the douchebag Frisco crowd.ONE MORE THING: THE TOMATO BISQUE is a requirement on your order.  It will be the best tomato Bisque you've ever had.
<review# 2427,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2007,12/5/2007,57,295,,5,2>Drove many times past this during the last few months.  Never was tempted to go in as it is in a poor location between a nail salon and a carwash).  But, one day decided to try it out.  Really good tortas (mexican sandwich...think bread and filling).  No tortillas here...you choose either small or large bread size. You can also choose to just have your stuff over rice or a salad.Choices galore(12-16) for what filling you want.  I am old skool and stick to the grilled chicken or carne asada.  Typically, the torta here comes with your meat choice, refried black bean, salsa, lettuce, and, depending on what you get, cheese, guacamole, sour creme, and other items.Their sides are ok.  I normally just get fries.It's a nice interior and they have a small patio.  Granted  you are facing the parking lot and Lemmon Ave but at least you are technically outside.They even have wifi!all in all, I go to Tio's Tortas about every two weeks for lunch.  They also supposedly have a good breakfast menu but never been.
<review# 2428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/10/2007,12/4/2007,70,140,1,2,2>We just did a birthday dinner here with 6 friends and thoroughly enjoyed it.  We started out in the bar - its such a cool hang out and if you're into design you have to come out. Great decor and furniture, projected on the wall is old cowboy or Elvis movies.  Good but small selection on draft.   Excellent Truffle popcorn that they serve... its got truffle oil sprayed on it.  I live in the area and will go back just for that.  Way good.  We were thirsty that night so we just had beer but their mixed drinks are suppose to be top notch... the house favorite is blood orange margaritas...So for appetizers we got the french fry trio- yup you need to get this... worth every calorie- they also have homemade condiments- yum.  We also got the corn bread - it was moist and amazing almost quichey to me- was going to opt out because I was in french fry heaven but worth a bite.   Another favorite was the fried pickles with another homemade dip... yum.  We also had the shrimp appetizer and it was good but not as much of a winner as the others.  I had a grilled pork chop with crunchy(fried) green beans and a goat cheese polenta.... I was so happy with this- it was a big portion after all the appetizers so good.  My husband got the chicken friend steak- and it was delish- real tender steak with mash potatoes and poblano cream gravy.  We all split the banana spit for a birthday dessert and we all rolled home happy.   I would highly recommend this place- especially for your creative/designy friends.I'm voting this as my favorite place for French Fries.... I love the 3 varieties you get with the homemade condiments... yummy!
<review# 2429,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/24/2007,12/3/2007,351,403,7,3,3>I went here once for a gaming convention back in 2003, and if ever there was a group that put on a lot of mileage on this hotel in the span of a few nights it was probably ours.I don't think the convention was ever held at this hotel again due to the damage caused on our trip.  Someone in the convention thought it was a good idea to give away mass quantities of animal cookies to everyone.  A handle of jack and a fifth of crown later and there were animal cookies EVERYWHERE.  Our Entire floor's hallway was covered with cookies or smashed cookies from an epic food fight that ensued.  This place became a giant playground for a group of wasted guys, people were smashing empty bottles on the ceiling and throwing beer cans at the walls.  Room service left overs left in the halls were getting booted down he halls fried rice was flying everywhere.I saw a guest peeing behind an ice vending machine.  Other guests were flagrantly smoking 420 in a large gathering of 30+ people pretty much raging undisturbed late into the night.So the small staff at Adam's Mark is probably conducive to having a little hotel party as no one will be bothering you or threatening to kick you out (etc etc)One notable feature of Adam's Mark, they have an interior walkway that bridges one of the streets that connects it to a great food court that has a huge selection of things to eat.  Get there early though I don't think the food court stays open very late.The rooms are quite large and spacious, which is nice if you have 4 people staying in a room.  The Presidential/Executive Suites are even larger.  The convention center is very large, and fairly nice. The Hotel Bar closes before midnight, if you want drinks go early.  If you need a drink after the hotel bar closes, there is also some kind of club or bar within walking distance from Adam's Mark.  There were 6 bouncers outside and they refused to let us in due to dress code...  but I'm sure yelp readers are far classier than our group.I'd normally rate a place like this 3 stars especially with the money I had to pay for the room, but if you factor in all the indiscretions our group was able to get away with it was definitely a 4 or 5 star experience.
<review# 2430,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2007,12/2/2007,7,34,3,2,2>the first thing i remember is the poppers.  holy christ.  how did i survive to write this review?  i got my ol' pal dick the rza (classic dallas blues musician) to drive us down to the house of blues to see some band the kids dig called kings of the bone age.  whatever.  i can mosh.the first thing i thought of falling out of the car was, holy shit!  this is the hipster emmys.  or nightlies.  everyone knows no self serving indie rock cat leaves the couch before seven.  much less the shower.it was a who's who of bartenders, waiters, (no busboys), drinkers and carousers.  i said to my old lady 'lynn', wow, this sucks.upon entering the place i found the house of blues to be just what i had reckoned on...a bluesy throwback to the bars my uncle al took me to in mississippi in the forties!  JUKE JOINT!  the paint was nearly peeling off the walls w. the sounds of matchbox 20.  you could see the 4 month history disentegrating into the future in acrid bass lines.  they didn't hassle white folk!  man, this place is awesome!umm, where's the bathroom?also, never got searched.  hopeful in the fact that the next time i go to one of these shows i can take a pic of every fucking dickhead college dude that asks me how much i know the band.  i don't.  know the band.  if i did i wouldn't be pissing next to you.  robert johnson must be smiling.  oh wait, he went to hell.  that was the deal.  did i mention the gospel brunch?  (tix recommended).watched the show. solos, 'you guys are way better than (last town).  boring.and i had eight seizures due to strobes.uhhh huhhh, just like the delta i know and love.thank you dan ackroyd and that dude from the hard rock,  you have brought the blues to my town and the $11 dollar five a.m.god bless the blues,HK
<review# 2431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/31/2007,12/1/2007,18,9,1,4,5>CASA MILAGRO or "House of little Miracles" is what I'm told it's name means. Which it truly is. I have been going to this little hole in the wall joint since it was opened by the brother of the owner  of Luna De Noche which is no surprise to me. The ambiance in this  lil casa is fabuless!  The servers are quick, friendly, and helpful. In fact Casa Milagro has pleased their regulars so well, that recently they had to expand, that's right people "more room". There is also a patio that is really nice; filled with tropical plants and a fountain. Everyone iv'e taken here agree that the pork tacos are to die for....... take a hint and stop on by
<review# 2432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2007,11/30/2007,121,212,3,4,1>This is exactly what you want, when it comes to car inspection joints.  You want no-frills, in and out in 10 minutes, and guys that want to get your car inspected and out of there with no trouble.  If you can find a place with "10 Minutes" painted on the side of the building (like this place does), so much the better.What you do not want is an inspection place attached to a repair shop.  Why?  You do not pass inspection till they say so, and some (read "all") of these creeps are shady, and will milk you for whatever $ they can get out of you.  Been there, done that.But not good old Habib, or whatever his name was.  He wants you in and out, and to cash in your state-mandated $32.50.Another "quix" word about this place: The guy that doesn't sweat small details like grammar or spelling, is JUST the guy you want examining your car for picky little defects that might so inconveniently cause you to fail inspection.  5 stars for Quix State Inspection!!!
<review# 2433,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2007,11/29/2007,459,979,,3,4>Thanks to my company for accomodations at the W hotel in Dallas. This isn't your typical W hotel -- it also has towers for luxury residences and the penthouse is the infamous Ghostbar (yes, think Palms hotel in Vegas). The staff is awesome and the service is impeccable. The minute I walked in, I was greeted with cheerful smiles and attention to detail. At the check in counter, I was given a complimentary bottle of water, a 20% discount card for the W store, and a hot towel to wipe my hands. When I got to my room, I was amazed with the set up -- see my posted pix! Make sure to enjoy a spa day at Bliss. I enjoyed a massage and made sure to load up on some Bliss products with my complimentary 20% discount card.The hotel is also located on Victory Park which has some of the cutest boutiques including DVF, Twelfth St, James Perse, Henry Beguelin, J. Lindeberg, Chip and Pepper, Zegna, and G Star. If I come back to Dallas for work or pleasure then I will definitely consider staying here again!
<review# 2434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/19/2007,11/28/2007,209,1125,2,7,4>I was in Dallas on a business trip last week & the first night we went to Fogo de Chao.  This was carefully planned because we'd be traveling all day with minimal food, and there's no point going to a Brazilian steakhouse unless you're hungry because it's all you can eat.  If you haven't done it yet, here's the way to do it right.Step 1:  Go hungry.  Very, very, hungry.Step 2:  Don't load up at the really good salad bar.  I saw one woman leave the salad bar with two slices of cucumber or an otherwise empty plate.  She knew what she was doing.Step 3:  Try everything at least once, then get picky.Step 4:  Pick & choose, eat slowly, and don't leave room for dessert.  After we had tried everything once or maybe twice, we were only going for the beef.The restaurant is in Addison, in an area where there are a ton of restaurants.  We were in downtown Dallas, so it was a half hour through rush hour to get there and longer to get back because we got lost.  It was worth it.It's not cheap but it's really not all that outrageous if you're hungry.  There's no specific dress code and there were business people as well as families.  It's for just about everyone who eats meat, though restless young kids might do better at home.  Service was really good.  There's a pool of people to take care of you and someone is always nearby to get you whatever you need.
<review# 2435,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/17/2007,11/27/2007,725,843,10,6,6>I've never stayed there, but we popped in to check it for ghosts.  The hotel is beautiful, right out of the pages of Dallas' history.  During the holidays it's really beautiful.  The 19th floor used to be the ballroom.  According to a story that ran in the Dallas Morning News, that floor was renovated in 1979 to add more guest rooms.  However, via a catwalk from the 21st floor you can still see what's left of the arched ceilings and empty cavity that were part of the old ballroom.  It's not uncommon for folks staying on the surrounding floors to hear swing music, pianos, gregarious party goers wandering the hallways.  However, when security arrives, there's no one there.  Also, a jilted bride is occasionally seen wandering the halls.  We walked the halls and didn't see or hear anything spooky.  Maybe it was too early in the afternoon for ghosts.The Adolphus is in the heart of downtown, close to everything you'd want to see in the heart of Dallas.  Either walk or take the DART train and you're minutes away from the Dallas Museum of Art, Dallas World Aquarium, The Sixth Floor Museum, and the Majestic Theater.  I'd sleep with the lights on.
<review# 2436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2007,11/26/2007,236,423,2,3,3>This is a great spot, just a little more swanky and pricey then I usually prefer. Their curry is the way to go, although the pad thai passed my test as well. All portions are absolutely enormous, and I've never been able to finish any of my entrees. Despite its lack of authenticity, their coffee is also fantastic. Their desserts are also not very authentic but absolutely delicious. The Jasmine creme brulee is delicate and perfectly made. I The green tea cake is delicious and big enough for two. It's a gorgeous room, definitely very trendy and filled with preppy people.
<review# 2437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2007,11/25/2007,14,31,6,6,5>FOOD STYLE:Italian SandwichesFORMAT:Italian Deli / Grocery / WineryLOCATION:A little seedy; modest parkingNOW THAT'S ITALIAN!!Hail Jimmy's, Full of Grace!My dollars are with thee.Blessed art thou amongst all Italian eateries in the metroplex,and blessed is the fruit of thy deli lunch special,The 'Stallion.Holy Marone!  Mother of All Subs,sate our hungered masses,now and forever at the hours we lunch.10am to 7pm, Mon thru Sat, 10-6 on Sun.Amen.An' you bettah say it, or I'll @%* break your god-@!# legs, capiche?You don't disrespect the Godfather of Little Italy Dallas in his own house, you stoopit gavone!  Whatsamattawityou?!  *SMACK*  What is it wit' you kids these days, eh?***Finding a truly exceptional dining experience anywhere is a rare thing indeed.  And your chances of finding a decent authentic Italian joint in DFW are about the same as Pres. Bush becoming a Hare Krishna, or OJ finding the "real killers".  I know.  I've been looking for 14 years without success.  (For the food, not the killers.)Guess what?!I hope George remembers how to wrap a toga from the ol' frat days, 'cause ...I fouund iiit!!There's a little place called Jimmy's on the east side of town.  It's a deli/food store, so there ain't no spaghetts here except what you find dried on the shelves.  But if you're lookin' for a real NYC-style Italian sub?  Then forghettaboutit!  Jimmy's is THE place.  In fact, it's the best place in Dallas for sandwiches, period.  (And if you open your mouth, Breadwinners, I gotta sock fulla doorknobs wit your name on it, capiche?)What a gem.  What an absolute gem!  A true Hole-in-the-Wall.  Don't know what I mean?  C'mere an' get an ed-u-cation, my fine friend.  Is Jimmy's in an out-of-the-way place or in a crummy part of town?  Check!  Does Jimmy's have exceptional or distinctive food?  Double-check!  And does Jimmy's have a large following of local devotees?  My answer to you is you don't wanna know, you never knew, and you never knew anyone who knew.Bada-Bing, Bada-Boom!  Classic!  When doors first open at Jimmy's, it's like you can hear the angels singing.  His name is Sinatra; the Chairman of the Board to you, mister.  And if old Blue Eye's is taking a breather, you might catch a little Companari, too, or - I kid you not - the vocal interpretation of the theme to The Godfather.  (*sign of the cross*)  Ah, the plight of love forlorn, so far and forgotten, a dream, unbidden, the sour remnant of an old hope that could never come to pass.  So sad.  Now that's atmosphere, paesano! Jimmy's is small.  In front are fresh, quality vegetables and aisles of imported goodies you won't even find at Central Market.  From capers to sun-dried tomatoes to chocolates to 5 different kinds of spaghetti you probably never even knew existed - boom! all right there on the shelves.  Jimmy's even has real Balsamic Vinegar, at $80-100 a pop.  This is the real deal, people, not the fugazi malted corn syrup with food coloring you buy at Albertson's for $10 a hit.Even better, half the place is stocked with wine.  Jimmy's has more bottles of imported Italian joy waiting to emptied than Brittany Spears on tour in Rome after 3am.  It's a veritable cornucopia of the fermented essence of the vines of Italy, organized by region and style.  Perfect for those who sip and savor, or those with the cash to chug in style.The place attracts all kinds.  Yuppies, punks, lovers, Italian grandmas, and, hey! even your Uncle Paulie over here!, all circulating through the aisles or hovering over the delights of the deli. Because this is where Italians who care go to shop in DFW.And what a deli!  Real Romano and Parmesan cheese!  Real!  Imported from Italy!  Such powerful flavor you'll never touch Kraft's putrid processed "cheese" again.  (Bonemeal + gypsum + ..)  Puzzi!  (*spits emphatically*)  Jimmy's has real mozzarella, too, made from the milk of water buffalo.  Bea-utiful.  Bet you forgot mozzarella was supposed to have a taste, and not just melt good, eh?  Buy it!  Try it!  Be born again and taste for the first time what it means to be good cheese!But the main feature here are the sandwiches.  Best in DFW.  Real, sharp deli meats and cheeses, both fatty and fresh.  Garden-grade tomatoes that are fantastic, so juicy sweet and firm.  Finely shredded lettuce.  The whole thing doused with a sharp, but slightly sweet vinaigrette.  It's like having the greatest garden salad on earth sitting on layers of the finest deli meats, all bursting forth from a handsome loaf of bread.  Your choice - white or wheat.  And pretty decent wheat at that.  Not as good maybe as Breadwinner's but nearly there.The Italian Stallion is a steal at $8 for 12", which is 4 bucks a meal.  The prosciutto panino has the real stuff (not 'interpreted') and the muffuletta is a wondrous spread of fancy pickled veggies.  Salty, but loaded.  So good.So go already!
<review# 2438,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/10/2007,11/24/2007,23,63,3,6,2>As much buzz as there is about Chamberlain's, I was pretty disappointed when we went there last night.  I should have read Meridith H's review before we went.  We had 8 o'clock reservations and the hostesses couldn't seat us for a good 10-15 minutes.  The place is nice, but it is packed and loud and there was no room at the bar for us to go and order a drink while we waited to be seated.  The lights are not dimmed like at a lot of steakhouses so it takes away from the ambiance.  Alot of the patrons were very casually dressed, in jeans and such.  The waitress was sweet and energetic, kind of like Rachel Rey on crack.  She even snapped her fingers (both hands) on an occasion or two when she'd check on us.  Kind of show biz pizza like.  My husband ordered the veal chop and I had the Australian lobster tail.  His came with garlic mashed potatoes and mine with baked potato.  We also ordered a side of asparagus.  When the meal came out, neither dishes were accompanied with their potato.  When my husband asked about it, they only brought his mashed potato and not my baked potato.  The meal tasted good, but the lobster was a tad overcooked.  After we got our food, our waitress checked on us only one other time and was never to be seen again.  We sat and sat and sat and she finally came around and dropped off a dessert menu.  By then I just wanted to call it an evening, but my husband insisted on ordering dessert to go.  At the end of our meal, we asked to have the remaining veal chop, potato, and asparagus packed up to go.  When we got home, there was no asparagus in the to go container.  That got a big WTF?! when I got home.   For a restaurant that is four $ signs, I felt that the overall experience was what you'd find at a two $ sign restaurant.
<review# 2439,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2007,11/23/2007,419,663,3,3,3>YES! THE GIRL WHO IS ALLERGIC TO LETTUCE WENT TO A SALAD BAR!And Loved Every Bite of It.Jenn and another friend and I hit Sweet Tomatoes last night.  The first thing I saw when I walked in was a double lined salad bar with Field Greens & Spinach... JACKPOT!Ok, here is where I reveal my true weirdness as I began to build my plate full of salad.Spinach, julienned Zucchini strips, Celery, julienned Beets, crinkle-cut Pickled Beets, Tomatoes, Blue Cheese Crumbles, and two large oversized portions of both Black and Green Olives.  My tagline about me stealing olives... is not just a saying baby... it's fact.I started out with Creamy Cucumber & Fat Free French salad dressings, but the olives & beets were so good and moist that I didn't even need dressing on my salad.Jenn got a piece of Tomato Bruschetta and brought an extra piece for me.  Yummy.Trip # 2 -  Soup!  I was torn between the Kettle House Chili and the Cream of Mushroom.  I went for the mushroom and a single country buttermilk biscuit.  I wasn't disappointed.  Then Steph came back with two more bowls of soup & I had a bite of each of them... Turkey Cassoulet w/ Bacon and U.S. Senate Bean w/ Smoked Ham... they were both good but I liked the Senate Bean one more.Trip # 3 - Dessert!I was trying to be good so I had a small bowl of lowfat chocolate & vanilla soft serve swirl... with a quick dab of hot fudge, caramel and granola bites.  I will be honest, the only reason I was good because when I was standing there... some little 10 yr old brat was scraping the pan of the Apple Cobbler and getting every last bite.By the time Jenn returned to the dessert station, there was cobbler.  I had a single bite of her Apple Cobbler with a dip of vanilla soft serve.  My only response... was.... "if loving you is wrong, I don't wanna be right."  That was some damn good cobbler.What a delicious meal!  Granted, it was a little pricy at $10.16 (with free water to drink & not a soda)... but... I think I'll have to follow their little table cue cards and See Them Another Thyme.
<review# 2440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2007,11/22/2007,8,54,,3,1>This was some good tasty thin wood fired pizza. It was nice out so me and my sister sat outside, but it looked nice inside. Its like $20+ for a pizza for two people, but its high quality and worth it.
<review# 2441,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2007,11/21/2007,200,332,1,3,5>Chery Limeaids, Banana Splits, soft serve and the burgers are all awesome.  Love that their shakes are made of 100% ice cream, which you can't find at McDonalds.  The great aspect is the price, as it is affordable and great for groups.   Reminds me of my childhood, my grandpa would always buy cookies and burgers from there for us to eat. There fries are like no others, a tasty treat. In some ways I wish Braum's wasn't just a Texas institution but at least it's always there on my trips home.
<review# 2442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2007,11/20/2007,1147,1223,2,4,4>Yum! I was hungry at work and didn't want any of the food we have to so Joe picked me up a burger from here.I love the red onion on there..all the fixin's were really fresh and crunchy.The bun was nice and soft..mmmAlso there fries are curly, but not any special seasoning..regardless, pretty tasty.I remember my mom used to like this place a lot back in the day, and I hadn't been back in years..seems the quality is the same!
<review# 2443,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/4/2007,11/19/2007,206,397,2,2,>The west village is  like all of the bad things about the grove in LA rolled into one, but on the plus side it does mean there's an art house theater  a couple blocks from my apt, plenty o' bars and restaurants, and shopping for when you absolutely positively need an overpriced shaving kit
<review# 2444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2007,11/18/2007,34,88,,2,3>I've finally found a place downtown I like.  Pearl is a fairly new jazz and blues music venue right at the corner of Pearl and Commerce.  You can miss the large neon sign 'Pearl'.    Both and pro and con, there isn't a whole lot around there, but parking is pretty easy to find on the street, meters or the nearby parking lot.Walking in I was surprised by the size.  Very tall ceilings, wood floors, it feels very open.  The music sounds fantastic.  Not muffled at all, everything is very clear, almost too loud maybe, but only a bit.    They say it's all about listening to great music.  You won't find any neon signs, TVs or games here.  The stage is beside the door at the front with large windows opening to the street.  It actually makes a great backdrop as you see cars stop at the light outside, and occasional police car racing past.  It's a nice change from those cave-like bars.  In front of the stage are several tables.  Against the wall are the bench seats and tables.  Lots of comfortable seating.  In the back, kind of like a second floor there is a small glassed in room that can serve as a VIP area.Unfortunately it was closed the night I went, the third floor displays art from local artists and has a bar area.  Seemed like a good area to get away from the stage if you wanted a more quiet place to talk.Ok selection of beer, but a little more expensive then I expected.  It is downtown so it's probably to be expected.I went Tuesday night to listen to an experimental improvisational jazz band.  Not all members were there, but it was an amazing performance.  I haven't quite heard anything like it before.  They were all over the place evolving from one sound to another.  The $2 dollar drinks (I found out later) makes it a good night to visit.  I absolutely love the place and expect to frequent it often.  Only downside, the music tends to end early around 11-11:30 on weekdays, but goes late Fri-Sun.
<review# 2445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2007,11/17/2007,6,22,2,1,1>I could eat at this place everyday, but that would be grounds for divorce.  You know, after pounding down a fat plate of hot Vindaloo and garlic naan, your sleeping partner can guess what you had for lunch without you saying a word.  Go for the Texas size...you won't be disapointed.  I've had just about every flavor on the menu, and all are great.  I'll put Roti a few notches above the Clay Pit in Addison.  The Lamb Balti is my favorite "hot". Enjoy!**Update 1-17-08Stay away from the buffet at the Plano location, you have been warned!
<review# 2446,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/8/2007,11/16/2007,4,24,5,2,1>I love  hitting this place on Saturdays. Where else can you pick up a few pounds of oxtails, pay your bills and do western union, pick up a six-pack of tamarindo sodas, and  get a  coffee- cup size  serving of fresh shrimp cocktail and upon walking out the door get accosted by the corn-in-a cup senora?. Yes, they have a taqueria inside, but I can't get enough of the shrimp cocktail and the 4 million calorie elotes, that oddly enough I even add more cheese to.
<review# 2447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2007,11/15/2007,180,170,,2,3>I went here for my 18th birthday with my parents and it was just beautiful. The ambiance is very peaceful and elegant. We had the chef choice meal which is pretty much tapas, for 100$ each. I would keep Nobu for very special occasions for that main reason, it's expensive as get all.The food was exquisite and they are willing to adjust the chef's choices to your dietary needs. No spice? Fer sure! No red meat? No problem! Straight vegan? They'll make it work!The beautiful plate they decorated with raspberry sauce for my birthday was gorgeous. It was all so beautiful and I hope to go back ASAP.You need to make a reservation and it is very high class so dress for the occasion because there's nothing like being disrespectful in ratty jeans in a place like Nobu.
<review# 2448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2007,11/14/2007,420,662,1,4,5>This place is a supermarket on steroids. Seriously. And their grilled asparagus tastes like steak.Basically, Central Market is food heaven. Especially if you like healthy, fresh and organic foods.They have an amazing selection of prepared meals, including grilled chicken, sushi, sandwiches, quesadillas, salads, desserts ... and pretty much anything else you can think of. Their grilled veggies reduce me to cravings on a regular basis. That's not to mention their selection of every other kind of food imaginable.As others have mentioned, this really isn't the place for a quick food run (unless you're looking to pick up a pre-cooked dinner). You have to allocate a nice chunk of time (AND MONEY) if you're headed here.This is also not the place for deals ... I rarely make it out of here without spending $100. But, you definitely get quality goods for the money, and an amazing selection of gourmet treats. Especially impressive is their variety of cheese, nuts, meats, olives and breads. You can easily spend hours in here.Parking can be kinda crappy, and it's almost always crowded-but worth the sacrifice!(One additional tip-if you stop by on a weekend, you can indulge in a mini brunch with all the available free samples!)
<review# 2449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2007,11/13/2007,52,186,1,2,4>Went to the Porch for lunch yesterday and after I walked in the door, my jaw dropped.  I can't believe this is the same place I spent so many drunken nights when it was The Barley House.  it doesn't even look like it's in the same zip code, much less the same building.Anyway, onto the food.  Despite my cravings for all of the incredible options jumping off the menu (mac and cheese, tomato soup and grilled cheese, etc), I kept it healthy and ordered the balsamic chicken and grilled vegetable salad.  As we waited for our food, I watched the parade of temptations being carried by our table.  I don't eat red meat, but I would totally make an exception for those brisket sliders.  They smelled incredible.  My mouth was starting to water.  Finally, our food arrived and I dove right in.  The chicken was cooked perfectly - it was as juicy as could be. The vegetables were fresh and cooked well.  My only complaint is that there was too much dressing on my salad.   Still, it was delish.  I also tried a few bites of the side order of mac and cheese my boss ordered, once I removed the unnecessary pieces of ham, and it was spectacular.  I will be back to the Porch sooner than later, and I will leave my notions of maintaining a healthy diet at the door.  The mac and cheese, the grilled cheese and tomato soup, the sliders, the mussels I keep hearing about - they've got my name written all over them.
<review# 2450,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2007,11/12/2007,74,195,,6,6>Ok...I've been staring at this box trying to think of words to describe the empanada's we had last night.  But I can't think of any words that can do this place justice.  Don Panza's is opened by 2 brothers-in-law, one argentian and one mexican.  It's been open 6 months and from the pictures on the wall, they poured their heart into the renovation and the space.  They spent a month transforming the space into a brightly lit friendly place. It's super clean, the exterior is pink, and the interior is white.  And the smells.........Ok..I'm back...My wife and I went for the empanadas at the suggestion of my friend.  She was right, these have to be the best empanadas north of....hell Argentina.  (I've never been there so take that claim with a grain of salt. )  We ordered a dozen variety that included rockeford cheese with ham, ham and cheese, shrimp, spicy chicken, chicken, and beef.  Every one was tasty.  On top of empanadas, they also serve Argentinian pizza (baked on a flat stone), wings, and burgers.  I've heard the Argentinian pizza is really good too so we'll try that next.  All really good after party, pre-hangover food.  They open until 11pm on most weekdays and 2am on weekends.  They close on Tuesday.  I suggest you don't hesitate and go order 12 empanadas for dinner today.
<review# 2451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2007,11/11/2007,14,16,,4,3>Last night we had reservations for Restaurant Week at N9NE, the posh new steakhouse down in Victory Park. True to its Vegas roots, N9NE is all about appearances (don't get me started on the way it's spelled). I don't mind places like this, as long as the food is good enough to back up the show. Boy, was it ever! Nevermind the white-jacketed waiters, weird blue lighting and cold stainless steel decor, it's all part of the game. Most of my friends (your average 20/30-somethings who aren't on Daddy's payroll) aren't into that scene, but I get that there is a certain segment of the Dallas population who enjoy pretending like they live in LA. These are the same people who actually like the idea of bars with memberships (memberships! to a BAR!) and bottle service. They have deep pockets and tons of free time, so you might as well cater to them I suppose.But this was the nice thing about N9NE. Yes, they are all about the glitz and glamour of high-dollar clientele, but I never once felt like I wasn't good enough to eat there last night. Our server Karen could not have been more friendly, informative and accommodating, the manager stopped by mid-meal to check on us and even the person who brought out our food was cheerful and attentive.   Even though there is a fixed menu for this event, she still showed us the normal menu and told us all of their best-sellers and her favorites.   We weren't rushed through our meal (SO annoying when this happens during Restaurant Week), but encouraged to sit and enjoy each course at a relaxing pace.We started with a wedge salad which was perfection, then a main course of sliced tenderloin au jous with mashed potatoes which was just delicious.  Upon our server's recommendation, we ordered an extra side outside of the fixed menu (mac and cheese) and it was excellent.  After our main course, we finished with bananas foster for dessert.  I'm not a huge fan of bananas foster, and this was the only course where there wasn't a second option to choose, but it was actually very good.  We chose the menu with wine pairings which perfectly complemented each course.   Even the muscat (a dessert wine, which I normally don't like) was enjoyable when combined with the sweetness of the ice cream and bananas. My fellow diners all agreed that it was a superb experience from the food to the service and we'll definitely be going back.A word of caution: Karen told us that it does get very loud towards the end of the week and on the weekends, so try going early in the week (we went on a Tuesday at 6pm) and you'll enjoy your meal without having to yell over music and noisy diners.
<review# 2452,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2007,11/10/2007,49,94,,5,2>Chips and salsa were memorable.  Fresh verde salsa made with cilantro.  Very unique and addicting.  Nice atmosphere, just thought the restaurant was too dimly lit.  Other than that, the tables were clean, nice waiters.  Theres a bar too. I think it's just a hit and miss thing for me.  Last time I got "The Jill," which was too good.  This time I got "The Caroline," which was..... okay.  I didn't hate it, but I didn't taste anything special with their rice, beans, or queso.
<review# 2453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2007,11/9/2007,122,165,6,6,7>Where to find a great Tex-Mex or Mexican restaurant when you're a visitor in the downtown area? I couldn't find any "Yelp Help" in Dallas (where are y'all? I hope you start Yelping soon!), so found a different website for assistance. Pointed to RJ Mexican Cuisine in the West End, about a mile walk from our hotel, we sauntered in on a Wendnesday night and were not disappointed. The waitperson was new, so needed little polishing, but he was very polite, responsive and helpful.I ordered a cup of gazpacho ($3) and the chicken enchiladas ($13), available in a green tomatillo sauce or a sour cream sauce. Wanting to try something new, I wondered, "what's a sour cream sauce?" I envisioned a Tex-Mex-y pink sauce, with chunky red salsa and sour cream mixed together. Wrong. Sour cream sauce means sour cream. Luckily,  I'm a fan of the white stuff. The rice was good, quite typical of what one expects, and the no-mayo cucumber slaw was an excellent accompaniment, a welcome change from the typical slaw served in many restaurants.The gazpacho appetizer arrived with my meal, but was not a disappointment in flavor. Sharing spoonfuls with my comrades around the table, there was a lot of head-nodding and agreement over its tastiness.My margarita on the rocks was very good, but HELLO--$10??! Maybe this is a West End or Dallas, thing, but when I lived in Dallas many moons ago, I remember prices being generally *less* expensive than other urban areas, certainly less expensive than Seattle, my current home. My dining buddies enjoyed their fare, as well. One ate fajitas, but I must confess not remembering what my other friend ordered. My attention was focused completely on my gazpacho and enchiladas.
<review# 2454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2007,11/8/2007,34,72,,1,3>Pokey O's allowed me to revisit something that needed revisiting: my childhood. My brother and I used to eat Blue Bell ice cream everyday after school. I was partial to Cookies and Cream while my brother enjoyed Milk Chocolate. I am deprived of goodness of Blue Bell ice cream because I live in San Francisco. I was pleasantly suprised when I discovered that Pokey O's only serves Blue Bell ice cream. Very friendly staff that informed me that most parlors do not serve Blue Bell b/c it is a premium brand ice cream. It might be a little extra but two scoops was under five bucks. The concept of the store is based on a ice cream shop in Westwood, Ca. Great experience overall.
<review# 2455,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2007,11/7/2007,4,30,,2,2>Hallelujah!Sushi Samba was one of my favorite places to go in NYC, so going here felt a little like going home.They have some inventive sushi rolls with a Brazilian twist.  The quality of service and food is just as good as the other locations.  One plus for me so far is that the crowds are light, probably because I imagine word hasn't really gotten out yet.I recommend the Sunday brunch also... bring someone with you and choose 4 dishes to split between the two of you.  The atmosphere is colorful and lively, but expect to hear lots of loud music while you are there.
<review# 2456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2007,11/6/2007,199,332,,2,6>Having just posted a topic on the forum about flavor vs. healthiness, I couldn't help but think of Gooey's, a rare gem of a frozen yogurt place that does not sacrifice yumminess to cut back the calories. Gooey's specializes in low and fat-free flavors, which come in at 8 calories an ounce. They have 10 at all times, ranging from your traditional ,chocolate and vanilla, to the more interesting, pumpkin pie or marshmallow. Of course, you can mix and match as you like, or counteract the healthiness with toppings (crushed candies, oreos, etc). Prices are very reasonable with a small starting at $2.50 and, as Meridith and Russell have pointed out it is kosher, so those worries about errant bacon bits appearing in your peanut butter-dark chocolate swirl can be a thing of the past (great observation Russ!)Be warned that Gooey's is a place that you could easily miss if you blink or sneeze at the wrong moment. It is in a non-descipt strip mall on the west side of Preston across from Obzeet. Of course, maybe there are wonderful, thriving businesses in that shopping center that I simply cannot see because my heart and my taste buds can only focus on the creamy, tasty goodness of Gooey's
<review# 2457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2007,11/5/2007,419,123,2,4,2>A quick ditto of Laura's . . . I haven't eaten here, except for the chips and salsa. (Although I would say the salsa's great. It's got this deep, smoky taste. I like it. Not spicy though)The Mexican Martini's are AWESOME!! For some reason this has been the default late night margarita place as of late . . . they also have a late night menu, which should come in handy . . . Great location and much better than Pueblo Arriba (the place that used to be here).Great patio, great service, great salsa, great place.
<review# 2458,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2006,11/4/2007,570,149,3,7,3>YUM YUM YUM, I love fried chicken!My recipe for at Golden Chick:1. Order the Real Deal spicy and w/ extra spice (they call it Lotta Zing) on the side2. Fill cup with Sweet Tea (you're in Texas, everything's sweeter here!) 3. Mix Lotta Zing with honey (to dip the chicken)4. Combine ketchup with honey for the fries (add Lotta Zing to taste)5. Mix butter with duh...honey for the bread roll6. Enjoy!!I could not leave Texas w/o having my GC fix, I would even miss my flight for it.
<review# 2459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2007,11/3/2007,701,1000,2,2,2>Hands down, my all time favorite sushi restaurant.If you are from California and are spoiled by great sushi restaurants this place will give you a run for your money.I cannot tell you how much I love Sushi Sake.  Every time I am back home visiting I go there, which a lot of times ends up being on Sunday and they, like Chick Fil A, are closed on Sundays (why is this the day that I get the biggest craving too??) but they are worth the wait, even if you sit outside the doorstep all night Sunday until 11:30AM on Monday when they re-open.I love the tempura fried ice cream, a MUST here.  They have a lot of stuff other sushi places don't.  I can't think of anything off the top of my head to mention to back this claim up, but I promise this place does have it, ask and you shall receive.Here is the BEST roll at Sushi Sake, and it is not on their menu.  It is called the jalapeno roll.  Ask for it.  Tell them you want it made with tuna.  It is basically a cooked tuna roll mixed with jalapenos and some sort of sauce.  It is to DIE for.  Seriously, you will go jump off a bridge after eating this roll.  Everybody that I have introduced it to has fallen in love, and then jumped off a bridge.  Oh, and this is one of those sushi places where if you eat at the sushi bar at the end of your meal you get sliced oranges.  I am like a little kid waiting for my orange slices, it is the little things in life that make the difference.  You will not be disappointed.
<review# 2460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2007,11/2/2007,118,439,,4,2>I use to eat here all the time when I lived in Uptown.  I am a sucker for Boar's Head meat and they have the goods here.  Another big plus is that you can bring your doggie and sit outside.  My husband thinks that they skimp on their meat, but it is plenty for my belly.  I always get the "average" sized Lefty, which includes maple turkey, muenster cheese and honey mustard.  There are choices of simple sandwiches, and then fancier ones that are served both hot and cold.  Sometimes the sandwich artists can be a little slow, but I am usually pretty happy with my grub here.
<review# 2461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/17/2007,11/1/2007,36,22,,5,1>Thought it was fabulous! I went there for a business meeting a few months back and was very impressed. Pros: our plentiful and filling selection of fresh sushi, Wasabi Mashed Potatoes, signature Sea Bass & Vietnamese "Shaken" Sauted Beef Tenderloin made my night heaven (yes, even at a business meeting)! I truly found seafood I enjoyed when visiting Steel. It is a very zen-like hotspot with a pricey menu & imported wine list. The wait is long and seating is next to impossible to get but absolutely worth the wait & dinero! Ask for Aaron Brooks. He is a fabulous server & happens to be a great friend! They have a really cool glass enclosed wine cellar which houses a table for small parties. I do not doubt the reservations for this treat are costly. The staff is extremely knowledgeable and on top of their game. Usually Steel draws a high end clientele except for Wednesday which is happy hour free sushi night from 5-7pm and a good majority of the peeps attending those nights come to see & be seen. I'm here more for the grub & experience I guess. They serve a killer Cosmo Bianco (white cranberry cosmo) which will knock you on your butt faster than you realize due to its deceivingly smooth go-down! I shared a melt-in-your-mouth Banana Tempura for dessert with a friend and was fairly territorial with the spoon & honey.Cons: The sexy (not a con. she was as chic as she could be) server brought me a glass of red wine which to my dissapointment was stale. It had been left uncorked for way too long. Other than that, my experience here was unsurpassed in the realms of creative seafood & asian cuisine.
<review# 2462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2007,10/31/2007,22,42,1,6,4>If you're thinking "pretentious art gallery," think again. This is a great place where local artists can show off and sell their work. You won't find thousand dollar works of "fine art" here, but you will find incredible work by amazing artists such as Havi Frost, Mark Nelson, Tony Bones, Frank Campagna, Sergio Garcia, Danielle Barry, Mattson Plummer, Autumn Musso, and many others, including many graffiti artists. It's about as unpretentious as you can get.
<review# 2463,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/9/2007,10/30/2007,19,109,,2,>Hall-le-freakin-lu-jiah.  I don't even know if that spelling made sense, but you know what I mean.  I'm just in Dallas for the weekend and let me tell you how freaking hard it is to find some coffee shop that isn't Starbucks.  I was told "Oh, check out Barnes and Noble!"...which ALSO includes a Starbucks...sigh.. But I found Nodding Dog and phew, sigh of relief.Great art, eclectic decor, nice music (i.e. not too loud), nice staff...and an area of Dallas that doesn't look like suburbia hell.  They have free wi-fi, a bottomless coffee cup option, great selection of teas, and seem pooch-friendly which is solid gold. Cons? If you're there to get work done (i.e. laptop), you're going to have to wait for that perfect table.  Most tables are in dark parts of the cafe making reading on the eyes a bit troublesome and some chairs aren't the most comfortable.I'll definitely be going back though and scoping out that perfect table.  Very very happy spot and very happy to support them.
<review# 2464,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2007,10/29/2007,52,177,,2,1>I've been here twice, and twice have I had a great memorable experience.  This place lives up to every hype you have read and can think of about it.  The ambiance is excellent, the service is excellent, the food is excellent, what more is there to say about this place?  If I HAD to complain and nit-pick about something, we had to wait 5 minutes for our table to be ready.  There, something negative about Abacus.
<review# 2465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2007,10/28/2007,46,31,,6,1>In the five months since I moved to the Village, I've driven passed this little place countless times, always meaning to try it. It's a non-chain, and a hole-in-the-wall at that, which is my favorite kind of dining.When I stopped last week to get my oil changed at the corner of Abrams and Northwest Hwy, I had a half hour to kill, and no more excuses not to try a new spot. Fish Bone Grill has a very sparse decor, in a L-shape around a kitchen bar. The menu was pretty simple, but had a few intriguing items I'm eager to try on future visits. I went with the Crab Cake Burger, a decision I was convinced I'd regret as soon as I ordered it. It was, however, delicious. A mountain of crab (that's crab with a C, not a K) was visible in this fresh-mixed patty, and came with a side of HAND-SLICED potato chips. Not to detract from the burger, because it was very good, but these chips were killer. It's rare enough to find a place with handmade chips, but nearly impossible to find one that does them this well. So I will be visiting this joint again, and will certainly put up the results when I do.
<review# 2466,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2007,10/27/2007,55,64,,2,1>I went for lunch one day and go the Po Boy sandwich to go- brisket, ham, sausage (chef's recommendation), slathered with BBQ sauce and Jalepenos.  Good portion, good flavor, good food.  The beef was tender, ham and sausage flavorful.  Next time, i'll probably switch the ham for another meat.  Worth another visit.
<review# 2467,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/29/2007,10/26/2007,117,232,2,1,3>I'm giving this pool hall/sports bar a 3 star rating because I enjoy going  there - but it certainly won't be everyone's cup of tea. Fox & Hound, Dave & Busters etc provide a more refined environment and more upscale clientele. And at times that is what I want. But other times you just want to hang with out, play some pool on a beat up table, and enjoy some good drinks and decent bar food. Waitresses are often in "school girl" outfits but usually don't come off as too sexy (if you're gonna wear those outfits you outta look good doin' it!). Big parking lot with a lot of tables so even weekend night you can usually hit the place and slap some balls around. Oh, they also have some dart boards :-)
<review# 2468,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2007,10/25/2007,930,548,,8,8>Hmm, so let's just get down to it. I'm a big fan of lighting technology. A HUGE FAN. Back in my college days I would go to The Lizard Lounge in Deep Ellum to just stare at the lighting system (i refuse to dance, especially to techno. ack!) AND NO, I WASN'T ON ANY DRUGS. I just like lights and how people can manipulate them to make amazing light art. I was probably the only person in the entire club who paid this much attention to this, but really, it's something that contributes to the  environment more than one might think.Now the reason I bring this up is because S4 has an OUTSTANDING lighting and sound system. The entire rack moves! and you can see it all happen from the second floor. It's so rad.The club itself is actually quite impressive. Even in San Francisco, where gay clubs are aplenty there isn't a place that remotely comes close to competing with this one in terms of technology and size. Of course, San Francisco peeps and Dallas peeps are completely different, but I love them both for their own reasons.uh.. so anyway. There are like 5 rooms in this joint. And the rooms are huge! The Rose Room... ASTOUNDING! The new stage is just unbelievable. The upstairs bar area with a bunch of couches... GREAT. and a nice retreat from the blaring dance area just a a few feet away. Outdoor patio... great place to get some air on a warm Texas night.All in all, a cool place to hang out. The crowd is generally pretty mixed but whatever. I used to hang out here from time to time when it was called The Village, but that was after hanging out with my buddies at The Round Up across the street.Check it out at least once will ya?
<review# 2469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2007,10/24/2007,618,469,2,4,6>My favorite bar in Dallas at this point.  It's an old house (which I think used to be a bar) which they converted into a bar.   They had a band which played on the porch (kind of reminded me of the movie "The Jerk") and they were really good.  There are a bunch of tables outside where you can chill out as well as an indoors bar which is nice too.  You can get food there till pretty late which is nice.  I had a nice tasty burger with fries.  What I love too is that the owner kept all the original signs in the bar from like 50 years ago.  There's a sign for Schlitz in bottles from like 1958, really cool.  Go there when MC 900 Ft. Jesus is spinning.  Mark Griffin is an awesome DJ and plays some great Jazz and some old school funk. Now that the Expo Lounge is gone, I actually like this place better.  The neighborhood is sketchy which actually gives it it's charm.  Good, then it keeps away the yuppies!
<review# 2470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2007,10/23/2007,218,255,,6,2>If you've read the other review by Jennifer C., I'm the friend who raved about Antonio's, exchanged the tortellini for the cannelloni and the one whose tummy was upset that night.Essentially, the night we went was a bit off, but service here is a bit slow, but it was slower than usual that night.  And, the CANNELLONI was a bit dry that night, but, overall, this is usually one of the best dishes on the menu, rich beef and spinach filling topped on one side with a delicious cream sauce and on the other with a wonderful tomato sauce.  I think our waiter left it under the heat lamp or something for a while that night, which was why it was dry.As for the TORTELLINI ALLA PANNA, if you have no problem with veal, this is one of the most fabulous dishes, EVER!!  Tender tortellini covered in the best cream sauce (one of the things Antonio's is best known for).  I generally have to get extra bread to sop up the rest of the sauce, it's that good.As for the upset tummy that night, it was a predictable result of too much rich food, this unfortunately happens to me occasionally.This is one of my favorite Italian restaurants, and I would recommend it to anybody.
<review# 2471,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/28/2007,10/22/2007,87,34,4,3,>Given my background in living in Chicago, this was definitely an interesting experience for me.  The prices for seafood here is definitely more affordable than any  mom-and-pop fish market in Chicago.  I order the Seafood Platter which consisted of dungeness crab, shrimp, and sausuges?!?  With a side of corn and potatoes.  I also ordered the raw oysters, which i thought was kind of bland.  However, everything was fresh, which is a must in seafood.And the best thing; they follow an "honor" system in which you would eat first and provide your order to a cashier near the exit!  Are you thinking what I'm thinking???  "Umm...yeah, I just had a diet coke and a side of fries."  jk
<review# 2472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2007,10/21/2007,238,71,,6,7>Garden Cafe lives up to its name with many organic menu ingredients picked fresh from the backyard. Green thumb/owner Dale Wootton is an attorney by training (with his law offices in the same building), but he has an artists' heart. The dining area's exposed brick walls feature rotating exhibits by local photographers. Special BYOB  "poetry nights" feature a prix fixe dinner menu, and patrons can sign up to read their favorite verses -- from their own journals or other published volumes. Regrettably, outside of those quarterly evening literary events, it's usually open only Tuesday through Sunday for brunch -- drawing a loyal crowd from within East Dallas.
<review# 2473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/27/2007,10/20/2007,90,127,1,15,3>I've been here on several significant occasions and this restaurant is truly a great place to have those memories.  From great service to great food, the experience here is always top-notch.  The ambience is elegant and sophisticated and the service is catered to make your dining experience beyond excellence.  I've had many items on the menu before and they have all been great, so my recommendation is to try whatever you can.One thing I have to mention is the dessert--the Grand Marnier Souffle.  This is truly the best souffle in town--this is how it should be made and how it should taste.  Nice and fluffy with the grand marnier sauce giving it a mature taste.This is an upscale restaurant, so don't wear jeans!  Fine dining is always nice.
<review# 2474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2007,10/19/2007,443,598,,3,2>Seriously the way they make the "pat bing soo" dessert is unbeatable around Dallas. The other places I have visited just don't measure up. For other desserts they make their own cakes that look so delicious as it's decorated with different types of fruit.They also make those smoothies/slushies and have a variety of teas. Another plus is that if you don't know what you want or what something is on the menu, some of the people that work there are pretty fluent in English, so they can help you out.
<review# 2475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2007,10/18/2007,138,700,,1,3>"It's just a little bitty pissant country place..."Actually, it's a great place and I'd have to agree with Instinct magazine here.Great crowd. Slower on Thursday but slamming to butts-to-nuts status by Friday and Saturday. Handsome cowboys and shirtless cowboy bartenders. $1.75 longnecks from 8-9.Nice, large bar with plenty of room - even a quieter area in back "the patio" where you could socialize with a large group of friends. I wish we had this version of a gay C/W bar - hell, even a gay bar, back here in San Diego!Probably the best bar I visited during my Dallas stay. Congratulations Dallas!
<review# 2476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2007,10/17/2007,153,246,4,1,5>Braum's originated in Oklahoma City, and I have an Okie in my life who made the audacious and dastardly claim that a Braum's burger is better than my beloved hometown hero, In-N-Out.  After my shock had subsided, I promised to substantiate this claim in Dallas, where there are several Braum's locations. At Braum's, I ordered a bacon cheeseburger, fries, and a chocolate shake, to emulate as much as possible the regular meal I would consume at In-N-Out, and here's the score:Bun:  In-N-Out.  Braum's, while it has sesame seeds, was a little soggy, and In-N-Out buns are always fluffy. Meat:  Braum's.  Bigger patty and better quality meat. Fixin's:  Tie.  Lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, all in good stead. Note:  Braum's is a slightly bigger burger, but I prefer the smaller, fist-sized action of the In-N-Out burger due to my contempt of gigantic American portions.  For The Win:  In-N-Out.  You really can't beat the tangy goodness of the Thousand Island / pickle relish dressing, and the magic of Animal Style grilled onions.  Braum's, while a solid burger, lacks the pizzazz.  Great bacon in the cheeseburger, though. However, In-N-Out falls on its face in two key categories:Fries: Braum's fries are crinkle-cut and totally masterful.  Sometimes In-N-Out fries are chalky and silty, but Braum's are fluffy and hot and crispy and un-greasy.  They kick major ass. Milkshake:  Braum's again.  It's kind of unfair because they did start out as a dairy outfit, but In-N-Out can't even compare here.  One of the best damn chocolate malts I've ever had.  Honorable mention goes to In-N-Out's design concept.  How I love the cheery red and white color scheme; even though the drink cups are only printed with palm trees, everyone knows where that cup came from.  Braum's design, unfortunately, cannot even be called that because it is ugly, an abomination of bad font and pink and purple, blech, which I think is big reason why they don't have the same notoriety as White Castle.  Poor Braum's, so bereft of a gimmick; I suggest you get one, and then the world will be yours.
<review# 2477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2007,10/16/2007,446,557,,4,3>Yummy hamburgers!  Juicy and well seasoned, the burgers come with a special sauce (1000 Island) and on a poppy seed bun.  The atmosphere is pretty fun, but there's not much to see, really.  They do have pretty good beer prices here, too, but this isn't really a place I'd go for happy hour.  More of a weekend lunch spot.
<review# 2478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2007,10/15/2007,0,0,2,2,3>The food here is OH SO delicious - but the service is from a bygone era!  I am talking about Al Biernat himself.  He should teach a school on service.  The Ritz ain't got nothin' on him!  Oh, might I recommend the Filet o' Oscar...this is my type of surf and turf...crabmeat and filet on mashed tatums and asparagus.  I occasionally replace the lovely starch with style au gratin!  Give Danny the bartender a hug for me - tell him Kim sent ya!
<review# 2479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2007,10/14/2007,413,1019,2,3,5>I've been wanting to come here for awhile, but it took a UYE to get me motivated to actually go here. I dealt with the state fair traffic with ease, found a parking spot and walked in and instantly thought the place was cool. It's got that trying-not-to-be-too-hipster vibe to it.  I sat down at the end of the bar to wait for fellow yelpers to show up, got a Stella on tap and perused the food menu. It was Wednesday night, so that meant half price food. I chose the cheese plate where you can choose three cheeses from a list. I chose a couple of safe ones - brie and chevre, and then manchego for option three. When my food came out, it was on a cutting board. The cheeses were accompanied with green apple, pear, carr's crackers, a few slices of baguette, and some mini pickles and onions. I tried all sorts of different combos - of course the brie and apple was a winner. Surprisingly, the manchego on pear was pretty good too.By the time I was finished with my food, my fellow yelpers showed up, so we moved to a table. We all drank a bunch more. They have a really good selection of beers and specialty cocktails. I tried the Pineapple Gimlet (with pineapple infused vodka) and the Pimm's Cup (Pimm's with ginger ale and a slice of cucumber.) I really dug on those Pimm's Cups. I'm definitely coming back - that Turkey and Brie sammich is calling my name.
<review# 2480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2006,10/13/2007,5,2,,5,5>Extraordinarily city-like. More like Manhattan than University Park. This has always been my favorite bar in Dallas once the Green Room/Art Bar lost its title for me. It's really even a great Tuesday bar, if you are so inclined. You are likely to encounter few patrons on off-nights, but that makes it even better. If you are looking for a scene or a love connection, move on 'til later when you haven't found either and want a good drink to remember.The drinks are always just right, from Margaritas to Cape Cods. The music is excellent, a blend of trip-hop, deep house or otherwise pleasant tunes. The Lounge is inside the classic Inwood Theatre and has always been a real destination, whether coming from down the road, as we used to do when we lived in the UP, or from north or south. The Lounge is a great place to end-up, or a great place to start. Cascading waterwalls, and the best art-deco ceiling in Dallas makes for serious retro ambiance for this old soul. I really can't come close to the experience anywhere else in town.
<review# 2481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2007,10/11/2007,82,54,1,2,3>This is my favorite Chinese restaurant on the planet so far, and has been since I was fifteen years old.  I can't describe how perfect everything always comes out, the food glistening like suculent fruits to be picked off the plate.Of course, if you are going for the Hong Kong style barbecue, you'll be in store for some delicious roast or barbecued pork, roasted duck or chicken, and other unmentionables that should be left for more oriental palates (can we say organ-ic?).My favorite items to order are as follows: orange beef or chicken, young chow fried rice, any of the soft or hard noodle dishes, the braised bok choy, and of course anything with the BBQ pork in it.  Once in a while I will venture away from these gringo plates that they seem to have perfected, but not that often since I only get to eat here when I come home to visit.The service is quick, reliable, not all that friendly at times, but they get the job done.  It's also a great place to get take-out.  Just remember it's cash only.And yes, there are other locations, but this one is the original, so you kind of have to give it credit for that too.  I used to frequent it when it was half the size, much dirtier (now it's like a modern restaurant), there was one of those bathrooms you'd rather not have to use.  Thank god they finally made enough money to expand and redo the place.
<review# 2482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2007,10/10/2007,106,120,1,2,2>Oh yes ... whenever I go home to Big-D I make it a point to stop in to SM's. This place rocks the socks off off Santee Alley in LA. It's not seedy and they've got just about everything a girlie-girl could want and more...:: purses ... check:: earrings ... check:: rings ... check:: bracelets ... check:: scarves ... check:: belts ... check:: wallets ... checkOften when I can't get back to Dallas and need a fix I will resort to their online store. (sammoon.com). It's fun stuff ... and were it out here in LA it would easily be three times as much.I think I was told they have two locations now ... one in Dallas and one in Plano/Allen. Maybe someone who lives in the area can perk up and add that info. Go with a group of gals and plan to be gone for hours!
<review# 2483,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2007,10/9/2007,3,36,,3,2>I had heard so much about Kenichi from my friends who went to the UT.  They said that Kenichi was their favorite sushi place in the Austin.  I just dined at their Dallas location tonight and it was a good experience.  The restaurant was very modern and hip with good music.   We had Black Cod Misozuke and Spicy Edamame for appetizers.  Spicy Edamame was good it was really different than regular Edamame.  Black Cod Misozuke was SO good I'm definitely going back there for that again.  Hawaiian roll was okay we thought the fish in the roll was going to be raw but it was cooked so we looked at the menu again and found out that it was Blackened Yellowtail.  I personality do not like cooked fish in sushi rolls but it's the matter of preference though.  We also ordered Yellowtail and Salmon sashimi.  We expected to see 4-6 pieces of fish per order but they were 2 pieces per order which I thought it was overprice.  Doesn't Sashimi usually come in 4-6 pieces?  May be I'm not the sushi expert I don't know :(  The food was good but not great. I'll definitely go back and try other stuff on the menu.
<review# 2484,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2007,10/8/2007,259,574,2,8,4>This place is awesome! It's VERY similar to a place I absolutely LOVE in Tallahassee, FL and I've been looking for something to meet that "need" here in Dallas and this is it!The chicken fingers are fresh and delicious, the Garlic toast was perfectly crunchy, the sauce was YUMMY!, Crispy fries, even the cole slaw was good (and I'm not usually a fan), and the sweet tea was the perfect pairing for this!
<review# 2485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2007,10/7/2007,4,11,,5,9>Cremona is one of the best tucked-away authentic cuisine restaurants I have found so far in Dallas. It's an Italian restaurant with authentic Italian food. Even the owners and waitstaff are authentic. The interior dining rooms are quaint and have a real mediterranean/european feel. Weekend nights feature live piano music. The large outdoor patio is only one more reason to check out Cremona.The food is exceptional! Very real-world Italy. The menu is massive and has almost every Italian flavor and dish you could imagine. Make sure to try their Tiramasu before leaving!
<review# 2486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,10/6/2007,20,146,,3,5>I hope this place never goes away, because it has been here forever.  It is a fixture of Snider Plaza just like Bubba's or Peggy Sue's.The donuts are good, but it's not just about donuts here.  Come with a friend and enjoy the donuts in the store.  Watch Park Cities people come in and out.  Look at the current sports posters and see how it's the 70s all over again, hairwise.I grew up eating Mustang donuts.  Back when Dallas was in the throes of the S&L crisis, if you showed up first thing in the morning you could buy a box of old donuts for cheap.  I guess people don't need to pinch pennies anymore.Parking from Hillcrest can be tricky.  There are more spaces around the corner.
<review# 2487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2007,10/5/2007,55,62,,2,2>aahhhh...the memories this place conjures up for me.  I haven't been in this location in years.  Years.  Back when Cafe Brazil was the spot to stop in at 3 am on your way home from somewhere else.  I never remembered the food back then, but enjoyed the coffee and that was back before I even drank coffee.Fast forward several years and 2 kids later and I return for dinner.  The place is like an old friend.  The same. Welcoming.  Yummy smelling.  So many good food options but my choice always ends with whatever comes with the rosemary potatoes and the spicy cream sauce.  Ask for an extra side of spicy cream sauce.So whether you are the only one ordering breakfast at 6 pm or waiting  30 minutes to order dinner at 3 am, I completely recommend this place.Several new spots have opened as the management has decided to spread the wealth.  We have also eaten at the Addison location recently and it was just as good.
<review# 2488,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2007,10/4/2007,7,15,3,8,6>Apparently everything is nicer in the Gayborhood.I've had such horrible luck at these generic follicle chop shops in the past, that I would never usually consider one of these ___Cuts places.  I'm willing to spend a little more coin, to not come out looking like I had a run-in with a mentally-challenged Edward Scissorhands.  But im also not the type of dude that is vain or wealthy enough to blow 50 bucks plus tip every few weeks at Avalon.  So after moving downtown I was having trouble finding a happy medium between affordable disaster, and financial ruin.  My options were either drive all the way up to my old place in Addison, or play haircut russian roulette with new places.  So I decided to ask my buddy, that lives right down the street, where he goes.  He laughed and said: "I got a girl, named Crystal who does a great job.  And this is gonna sound bad, but its at SuperCuts off Lemmon Ave.  Call ahead because she fills up fast".  I was like, "SuperCuts, Really?!?"  But my friend is pretty aesthetically-inclined, and i've never known him to skimp on anything. Plus he's gay. So yeah, i figured he'd know what he's talkin about.And he wasn't exaggerating.  Crystal does take her time and do a great job. She is worth waaay more than the $15 price of admission.  And judging from the clientle and the results, the rest of the stylists at this location cant be half bad either.It's located in a strip mall off Lemmon, that is usually pretty busy, but I've never had any trouble parking.  I don't think they take appointments per se, but you can call ahead and put your name in line up to 30-60 minutes before you arrive.  And if you do have a bit of a wait, there's a Starbucks right next door...if you're into that sort of thing.
<review# 2489,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/1/2007,10/3/2007,3,3,,3,3>Yup, my experience wity Paciugo Gran Cafe was pretty much like Donna W's... it's a great place to watch a movie on the big screens at Victory Plaza. I tried their ice cream, specifically the Caramel flavor, and it was pretty good... ultra creamy as usual... but later on I splurged for one of their sandwiches, a tuna salad with some leaf spinach on what appeared to be homemade bread... pretty credible. They have a brand of chips that was unfamiliar to me, but I tried their "regular" out of conservatism, I guess... not bad. This splurge also qualified me for a free glass of tea, with refill privileges. So I nursed my drink after I finished the food and watched Casablanca. The plaza is actually an enormous public space in front of the big American Airlines Center arena, with two large buildings flanking it on either side. And as Donna W mentioned, the outdoor seating area is a good place to watch the movie. I actually stayed to watch the last movie in the series, "Citizen Kane", supposedly the best movie, in the opinion of the American Film Institute. And it was pretty innovative, especially for the period it was made. The Paciugo's guy was closing about that time, so I finished the movie by sitting on a low stone wall... The Gran Caffe is a good place on the plaza to get casual food... the other nearby restaurants are white tablecloth places that almost certainly don't package meals to go. The selection of salads and sandwiches is limited byt adequate, and pretty welcome for a casual muncher. In short, the place is good for convenience and good for food quality.
<review# 2490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2007,10/1/2007,23,194,1,2,4>great service, awesome drinks, fun atmosphere!ask for the mexican standoff...my coworkers and i introduced the bartenders to this lovely concoction.  1. shot of tequila2. shot of tomato juice with hot sauce3. shot of any mexican beer
<review# 2491,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2007,9/30/2007,311,518,1,7,4>I went to the Grand Opening(actually the second but OFFICAL) on a tip from a friend. There was some free food, not much and some free drinks(New Orleans Hurricanes) which was all great!We decided to order a bit of food anyways so heres the lowdown. The Boudin Wontons are AWSOME! They were similar to a crab rangoon, but minus the crab and throw in the blood sausage and some horseradish. My friends seemed to enjoy their food as well. The gumbo looked amazing with lots of green chiles. The Alligator Cheesecake was very good as well. Similar to a queche but no eggs and with cream cheese.  Very tasty food all around.  The inside was pretty small with a nice bar.  There is patio seating which is where we sat and I always like that because I'm a smoker.  The service was a bit slow, but too be expected on an opening night when the kitchen and waitstaff  is still tryin to get their shit together. I saw other great items such as Filet Oscar and great side items as well. The food I would almost consider Steakhouse/Seafood Global Fusion...or maybe Cajun Steakhouse with an Asian Fusion Flair. Whatever, I will go back!
<review# 2492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2007,9/29/2007,28,93,2,4,3>When I was driving to Hattie's, I could've sworn my GPS was taking me the wrong way because I was going through some pretty shady areas.  Then I walked into the restaurant and it was like walking into Narnia.  Seriously, you're out on the street in shady-ville, and then you walk into Hattie's and you're in a super-immaculate restaurant.  Crazy.  The inside of the restaurant is very fancy and has a contemporary/modern feel to it that isn't overwhelming or anything like that.  This would be a good place for a quiet, romantic dinner.The menu has a lot of very unique things on it - I got the impression it's classical Southern cooking mixed with a little bit of modern flair.I tried the fried green tomatoes for an appetizer.  They were okay, but really weren't anything spectacular.  One of the other appetizers probably would have been much better.Then I got my entree - grits with shrimp, goat cheese, and a "tabasco bacon pan sauce."  Wow.  This was one of the best dishes I've had during my short time in Dallas.  There were so many different flavors in it, and they all complemented one another perfectly to make the dish fantastic.  The portion was a good size - enough to fill you up, but not too big.Overall, I'd definitely recommend Hattie's as a place to check out.  They have a lot of unique and interesting dishes, and I know that I'll definitely be coming back to try more of them the next time I'm in Dallas.
<review# 2493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2007,9/28/2007,22,16,,5,5>The unofficial launch date for this contemporary art space is mid-October, but the venue has been making underground waves in the art and music category since spring. Something is happening there. No one is altogether sure why this place works, but it does. We think the resident art collective that founded the studio space is only doing this because no one else is. There seems to be one hell of a demand for it though. Praised by bicycle-riding hipsters, Schlitz-drinking indie darlings, and second-hand fashion kids of every variety, Flotsam studio parties have nearly achieved cult status and the red ribbon hasn't even been cut yet. Featuring bizarre sculptural works, nerdy art objects and eccentric collage, the priorities here are clear: keep the scene small but keep the scene alive. Aside from the artwork (which is concentrated and minimal) the space boasts American red brick walls, a vaulted tin ceiling and decorative stylings that are decidedly homemade. With books and sneakers suspended from the ceiling, tumbleweed chandeliers and vinyl records serving as a window blind, the place seems less like a traditional art gallery and more like an homage to DIY culture. Located near the intersection of Swiss Avenue and Hall St., Flotsam is the brainchild of resident artists Evan Horn, Elliott Horn and Cody Ross, but the list of contributors is not only long, but inspired. With the closing of Trees, Gypsy Tea Room and other medium-sized music venues in Dallas and Denton, this gallery/music hall has hand-selected bands and party anthems that attempt to articulate where most of us wish Dallas was going. One thing is certain, when this neighborhood scene is operating at full volume, the participants are very present, the energy is palpable and the zip-code is rendered irrelevant. Dig.
<review# 2494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2007,9/27/2007,105,150,,4,2>I didn't frequent many clubs in Dallas but Minc was my favorite out of the few I spent time at. Many, many good times have been had on the killer back patio-lovely cabana seating everywhere to enjoy! Did I mention the hookahs you can order up for your table?!? This place gets some of the best DJ's to be had-Kaskade makes frequent stops here, and it's easy to see why-the vibe here is phenomenal!
<review# 2495,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/12/2007,9/26/2007,125,141,11,3,2>The Adams Mark does not put fitted sheets on the beds.Pros:1. If you are here for a wedding with a bunch of friends from college, you can walk into any of their rooms in the morning, notice that all the sheets are falling off the bed, and be like "Oh my GOD, LOOK at the sheets, SOMEONE was TOTALLY getting LAID last night! Was that guy in the blue tie? I bet it was! I heard he has a HUGE --"And they will be like "SHUT UP LIZ G"Cons:1. Your friends will probably also do this to you.2. Also, you may have to touch the mattress pad. Gross.
<review# 2496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/13/2007,9/25/2007,36,109,,1,5>Love it, love it, love it!!  Belmont is indeed retro-minimalist.  It's a strange little place with great attention to detail and amusing design choices.  The grounds are beautiful.  Everything is freshly painted and seems clean.  The bed's not awe-inspiring, but not bad for a pillow-top.  The free wi-fi is easy (I'm here now).   They have a neat little bar which is busy as can bee.  A stay includes a free continental breakfast with some very good granola.  The rooms are all non-smoking and they will charge you $200 if it smells like smoke when you leave so you'd better behave.   They have a few pet-friendly rooms (for an additional $25). The valet is pretty damned intent on taking your car and carrying your luggage.  This is the most cheerful staff ever, probably because this place just makes people happy.
<review# 2497,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/8/2007,9/24/2007,64,48,4,3,1>OK but not great. A solid 3.   I went there for lunch so I can only comment on lunch. Waited a LONG time to get my meal after I ordered it.  I think the one cook in the back is like a one armed paper hanger during lunch time. Anyway,  when it did come out, the Pad Thai noodles and my side of rice (paid extra) was very good. It was about 10.40 for the $6.96 for Pad Thai with small salad + drink + extra white rice bowl.I might try their dinner but there are better places, IMHO.. I like to support them however, because they are in the Gaybourhood and this is a good thing. EVERY gay neighborhood needs at least one Thai restaurant - NO EXCEPTIONS.
<review# 2498,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2007,9/23/2007,123,317,3,4,5>I came into Dallas late last night, and I was immediately whisked off to Sherlock's by my buddy.  We entered the place... which basically looks like the other Baker Street Pub I have seen (in The Woodlands).  It is infinitely better than that one.First of all, the patrons (the few that were there on a Wednesday night... ) were pretty chill.  They had a cover band playing requests, and they were really good.  Even when the burly dude belted some Thriller.  I was impressed.The other thing I was impressed with... the prices.  I had a tall beer for like $3, and a vodka-tonic for $3.50...  That is obscenely cheap.  So yes, at least on one thing Dallas can beat out Houston... on their Baker Street Pub.  So now the score is Dallas 1, Houston... a whole hell of a lot more.
<review# 2499,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2007,9/22/2007,28,25,2,5,4>I definitely agree with the previous reviewer - this is the quintessential "diner!"  And when you leave your clothes will smell like a diner, too.  It's open 24/7, has great people watching, and they keep the coffee comin'.  It's the kind of place where the waitress might call you "honey" or "sweetheart."  But BRING CASH because they don't accept anything else.  Good jukebox too, and a friendly atmosphere.  But you've been warned - they will only re-heat your coffee once, so drink quickly or don't complain!*edit*  I just found out yesterday that they have started taking credit cards.  Looks like I'll be at Metro a whole lot more now.
<review# 2500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2007,9/21/2007,6,6,1,5,3>When I'm in Dallas, it's my bar.  Cheap, friendly and one of the only real bars left in Deep Ellum.  if you're lucky you may find a real, live derby girl behind the bar.  Going home in a couple of weeks and you'll find me there sucking down Shiner Bock like water.UPDATE: Elm St. Bar is now closed.  Please do what you can to keep Deep Ellum alive.xo
<review# 2501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2007,9/20/2007,725,843,,3,2>I love this place.  It's small and almost hidden.  The food is outstanding and the atmosphere is very comfortable.  You really feel like you are in a small neighborhood restaurant.  The pizza is crispy and straight from an old stone oven.  Toppings include some premiums like feta and salami.  It arrives on a little chaffing dish so it stays warm while you eat it.  The Greek Salad is also really good.  A great meal for two consists of a small pizza and two salads.However, my favorite is the Chicken Lasagna.  It's served with a white wine creamy buttery sauce.  It's so rich that you can barely eat it all.  Shamefully, I almost always clean my plate.  It's THAT good.  The service is nice, but if it's busy you will have to wait for a table and be patient with the wait-staff.And yes, they do deliver.
<review# 2502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2007,9/19/2007,70,140,,4,2>I really liked the barbacoa torta here... the meat was delicious and it had just the right assortment of veggies and cheese... great bread too.  We also tried the pilbil pork torta too and it was tasty but we both preferred the barbacoa, can't wait to come back and try more.  They also have a great condiment bar... we loved the bacon ranch and jalepeno mustard with our homemade skin on fries.  yum!
<review# 2503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2007,9/18/2007,14,31,4,8,4>FOOD STYLE:  CajunFORMAT:          Order at Counter, Find Seat / Drive-ThroughLOCATION:      Area is Slightly Dodgy; Private Lot SPECIAL:   !! FIRE-EATERS CLUB!!  (super-hot spicy food)There's an old episode of the Simpson's where Moe, the bartender, converts his seedy dive into a modern family-friendly TGIF-esque restaurant.  In a commercial he airs for the new Moe's, there's a scene where an appetizing platter of entrees are dipped into a fryer - plates, tray & all - to be deep-fried and served to a smiling couple who happily start munching on the batter-fried soda bottle, plates, etc.  It could be a commentary on the tasteless nature of the food served at these kinds of restaurants, or their disturbing propensity to fry the bejezus out of everything they touch.Either way, much the same critique can be applied to a lot of Cajun restaurants, who substitute GE Fry-o'Matics for creativity and authenticity, even when the genuine article is just a 4-hour drive to the east.  The prevailing attitude appears to be "If you fry it, they will buy it", and most Cajun joints adhere to that mantra like an oyster to its shell.  Anything on the menu that isn't burned ('blackened', in the local lingua-franca) is battered and fried within an inch of its life, as if to conceal the horrid nature of the contents sealed beneath.  Sadly, it's a brilliant entrepreneurial strategy, because as a species we're biologically hooked on fats slathered on convenient delivery vehicles, whether it be through breading, potato chip, or Domino's 24-hour pizza on-demand.  (1-800-PIZ...)  But if you're going to be 'naughty' for dinner, you at least want the taste of it to be worth the eventual angioplasty it will cost.  And there is more to sample in this great big world of ours than just fried chicken, fried catfish, or fried styrofoam.  I mean 'shrimp'.Happily, there is a slight quirk in the chain of conformity, and we citizens of DFW are blessed with a quaint little gem of a Cajun restaurant called the Alligator Cafe.  Is fried food on the menu?  Duh!  But the 'Gator also has an amazingly broad smorgasbord of little temptations to draw you deep into the murky waters of the bayou.Converted from an older fast-food joint, 'Gator is in a open location on the southwest corner of Live Oak and Carroll.  You can't miss that giant red sign.  Parking is ample for the size of the place, and drive-through is available if you're in a rush or jes can' wait! mes amis.  The kitchen area is HUGE.  The seating area ... is not.  A handful of booths along the sides, a few stand-alone tables, and a couple long cafeteria-style common tables for big groups or friendly folks are all they've got.  The whole operation has a family feel to it, and the folks behind the counter come off as genuinely friendly and engaging - there are no forced smiles or the recitation of robotic corporate mantras.  It's as if you were asking your Ma or Uncle Billy for another bowl of gator tail and gumbo stew, instead of having a bored teen intone 'Do you want fries with that' while the guy next to you sets his hair on fire.But what matters most is the food, and 'Gator does not disappoint.  Not all strictly authentic bayou fare, mes amis, but mon dieu!  Have I never SEEN so much gator tail in all my days!  Gator in the gumbo, gator in the fryin' pan, gator in the jambalaya!  And if you be a gator-hater, there be crawdads, catfish, boudin, fried pickles, and fried tomatoes a'plenty!  Crawdad ettouffee, gumbos of gator, oyster, shimp ... etc.  You've got the link to the menu; check it out.Known hits are the Cajun fettuccine and the Atchafalaya - blackened cat fillets overs a bed o' rice and crawdads ettouffee.  The sauce ... de-lish!  The coleslaw is superb.  Sweet, but not overly so, crunchy with cabbage, yet easy enough to chew and digest.  I'd go with the large, because once that taste gets out, then everyone gon' want a piece o' that action!The gator isn't half-bad either.  Gator is chewy and tastes like something of a cross between chicken and fish.  Some bits can be fishier than others, but it's like calamari, in that it grabs flavor out of sauce and makes it something special.  The gator at 'Gator is nicely done, even if it is small fry.  The bits look like they came off of hatchlings done snatched from th' nest, not from Big Daddy's fat slippery tail.  But they satisfy the cravings, all the same.And what sauces 'Gator has to offer!  Shredded horseradish.  "Gator Sauce" (ranch with relish and secrete bayou spices?).  And an arsenal of hot sauce.  Love a kick in the gut?  Hoping that gator's bite is worse when you burp?  Then they've got a sauce in here for you.  Some, like the Picka Pepper, are more savory and about flavoring, rather than burning.  BUT - ask for the "Dead Heat" sauce they keep behind the counter.  100,000 Scoville units in every drop.  It's way more than you think.  My God it Hurts.But it hurts soooo good ...
<review# 2504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2007,9/17/2007,1,11,,6,>We went to the HOB to eat dinner and see Blues Traveler.  We had a great time.  The restaurant was fun and the food was good.We were able to park for $10 in the lot next to the HOB, but for $2 more we could have valet parked instead.  We had seats in the balcony and we thought the view and the sound was great.  The only reason they don't get 5 stars is because of the multiple lines to get in.  Since we got there early and we ate at the restaurant, we were able to go in 10 minutes earlier than the 7:00pm door time.  While we waited we were wanded with the metal detector and braceleted for alcohol.  After that we waited to have our ticket scanned,  and then we went downstairs and waited for the doors to open.  It all seemed kind of pointless.Overall a great experience and we can't wait to go see another act.
<review# 2505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2006,9/16/2007,15,50,6,6,6>Buli, in case you didn't know it stands for "Because U Love It."  And how true it is.  It is a fun and funky atmosphere that has gelato, and great coffee drinks.  One of my favorites is the iced hot chocolate....it's amazing.  It's pretty gay themed, but fun nonetheless.  Instead of asking for a tall or grande, you ask for a "butch" or a "big gurl".  The "Toss our Salad" heading really makes you want to skip the salad and go for a sandwich.  The panini's are ON POINT!  My suggestion....the Chicken Salad Club....HOLLER  "It is one of the best things I have put in my mouth in 2006" said one of my friends.  And yes, it is that good.  The lunches come in a metal lunch box with really good chips, a fruit cup, and a pickle.  It's a perfect lunch.  So go check it out...plus they have free WI-FI.Update:  Try the Frozen Hot Chocolate....oxymoron I know, but DAMN!!!  It's a sugar addicts fix for a good couple of days.
<review# 2506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2006,9/15/2007,92,271,2,2,2>Not only is the Angelika a great place for independent films, it's a great movie theaterperiod. It's the little extra touches that make it stand out from other theaters. The decor is a shiny stainless steel/chrome that makes it shine, there's a beautiful 8-foot crystal chandelier and a bar at the bottom. They have great student discounts ($6 tickets versus $8.75 and on Tuesdays you get unlimited popcorn). The location also adds to the appeal of the theater as it's at Mockingbird Station and juxtaposed next to all sorts of fun little places. As well, it's just a hop, skip and a jump away from lower Greenville. It's no wonder it was voted the best movie theater of 2005 by Dallas Observer readers.
<review# 2507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2007,9/14/2007,0,16,5,3,2>I love this place!    The burgers are great and available a million different ways (I love the jalapeno burger and the bleu cheese).   Obviously a place to go when you are blowing the diet for the day.    Everything good on the menu is deep fried or threatening to be deep-fried.   Order up and worry about it at the gym tomorrow.Great location on the corner of Gay and Gayer, so get ready to see and be seen.....and on a nice day, why not?    I do wish they kept late hours though.
<review# 2508,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/19/2007,9/13/2007,1147,1223,,4,3>Pretty good food. Price isn't too bad and it doesn't seem dirty or anything. Pretty good pan chan, their kimchi is only so-so though. They have lunch bento boxes too which come with chap chae (noodles), salad, and a little bit more pan chan (side dishes)!! I had the mackerel..mmm..delish! The waitresses are nice, but really really slow.
<review# 2509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2007,9/12/2007,20,213,1,2,2>This is the best pizza in Dallas.  Try their arugula salad and Paula's Fresh Mozzarella Pie with mushrooms.  Yum!  The only downside is the crowd and the wait.  Sip on a glass (or two) of their incredible Sangria while you wait for your table or head across the street to the Old Monk.
<review# 2510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2007,9/11/2007,206,397,1,2,4>Brunch yo... brunch.  So this weekend my fiance and I looked at buildings in what may soon become 'our neighbrhood.'  For lunch we decided to come here at the recommendation of our rental agent and we were definitely pleased.  We got the brisket hash with over easy eggs, and the salmon benedict (aka eggs atlantis, or eggs neptune).  The neptune was good, but nothing to write home about.  The brisket, on the other hand, was a party in my mouth.  It was tasty greasy potatoey and topped with runny egg yolk (the eggs were perfectly over easy).  When laura and I move out there this will totally be our saturday morning stop.
<review# 2511,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2007,9/10/2007,34,88,2,3,3>The few times I've been here I've always met a bunch of interesting characters that make dinner all that much more interesting.  The staff is friendly and helpful.  I chatted with the owner for a while before sitting down and he came by a few times asking how the food was.  Great suggestions too.  The portions are huge.  One visit I got the blue cheese hamburger that was just humongous.  Tuesday nights are my favorite to go, since I'm down in the area, and it's half price food night.  You can't get a better deal.  They are open till 4am Thursday-Saturday so it makes a great late night destination if you are sick of the normal 24 hour places.  Ignore the guys on the street talking to you.  They've got soem fabulous sob stories to get you to give up some money.  Whatever they say, they aren't pals with the owner.
<review# 2512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/22/2007,9/8/2007,41,36,,8,2>The brand new Alo, from Taco and Dunia Borga of La Duni fame, has opened as a new Latin concept with incredible panache.  Taking advantage of the surge in "street food meets upscale contemporary" dining, Alo's hip "sip.bite.share" mantra NEARLY communicates it all.Decor features a dimly lit interior with a balmy equatorial-chic vibe:  dark stained contemporary wood panels are softened by the garden-cool complement of healthy palms and other jungle loving greenery.For a tapas-style eatery, Alo is ambitious, creative and rife with generous fresh flavors common to Mexico and Peru, interestingly enough.  Portions here make sharing part of the fun, although one could easily dine comfortably with an app, cocktail and dessert with tip for around $40 solo.On the menu, there is a subtle tropical undercurrent to stylishly remixed standards like quesadillas, flautas, tostadas and sopes.  But don't pre-judge their presence against the well-worn, lackluster renditions available everywhere else in town! There is a deftness in flavor composition and execution that wholly manages to tittillate and surprise even the most jaded and Latin-bored eater.Clearly jonesing for early acclaim, Alo's plates are presented with precision and speed by a smooth running kitchen complemented by affable (if ordinary/somewhat green) waitstaff.At the bar, service is framed by at least one master mixologist from La Duni's original location, and features lushly balanced cocktails (poquito cari~noso! $$$) . Many La Duni favorites resurface here with a twist: from flavored mojitos muddled with Caribbean essences to the new appearance of a headily fragrant lychee and orange martini.On both visits, all items deserved high marks, save for one garish detail -- surprising for the consistent 5-star performance of Duni's bakehouse:  paltry dry, freezer-burned banana cake beneath luscious chocolate frosting. This one needs a do-over, Duni.Looking forward to a third visit despite this stinging disappointment; I'm personally eager to taste the intriguing new concoctions listed on the menu but apparently not available (yet); I presume due to the need for extended staff training post-opening.
<review# 2513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2007,9/7/2007,28,32,3,9,5>This is my favorite place to take visitors in Dallas - I have spent a lot of time at the Shedd Aquarium in Chicago and the Monterrey Bay Aquarium in Cali, and while they are top-notch, the layout of the DWA is unique - you walk into a canopy of trees under a greenhouse-like roof with monkeys and birds and wind your way down to the jungle floor where there are alligators, spiders and snakes waiting!  You can see a beautiful waterfall, and after winding your way down even more, you get to see the actual aquarium it's pouring into!  Its depth is impressive as it somehow manages to fit giant sea turtles, manatees, and sharks of all sorts.In a nearby room, there are several tanks containing groups of fish from around the world, all labeled by where they live.  From here, there's still a penguin habitat, a walkway where sharks swim over your head, a gorgeous flock of flamingos, a black panther and jaguar, and many more beautiful and happy creatures.  If I was a fish, or any animal for that matter, I'd want to live at the Dallas World Aquarium.  For that, it gets 5 stars.
<review# 2514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2007,9/6/2007,20,23,,3,3>How I love Nobu Matsuhitsa. I've been to Nobu in Las Vegas and Matsuhitsa in Beverly Hills and Nobu Dallas did not disappoint! The yellowtail sashimi with jalapeno is my favorite dish! It is fabulous! The wonderful thing about Nobu's food is the different flavors he combines to make something wonderful and tasty! He is truly a culinary genius! Personally, I don't eat sushi here. Nobu has never claimed to be an authentic Japanese sushi restaurant. It is a FUSION restaurant so go there and get yourself some fusion, a mix of cold and hot dishes. Our waitress was also extremely helpful! Despite this being my third trip to a Nobu restaurant, we asked for recommendations and she was right on the money with all her recommendations. Your waitress will also know about some goodies that are "off the menu". =) If only Nobu wasn't so expensive! Expect to spend at least $50 per person, not including drinks. Anyway, this place is awesome and I can't wait to go back.
<review# 2515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2007,9/5/2007,55,277,,4,3>I really enjoyed this place.  It's small and hole-in-the-wall-ish, but it's spacious, clean and the food is quite good -- not to mention inexpensive!  The restaurant is run by a family; one of the sons took my order and his father looked on from the kitchen.  As usual, I ordered something that was not on the menu, but he kindly accomodated my request.  He also let me make it a kid-size portion, since I wasn't very hungry.  My food (penne + spicy red sauce + capers) arrived slightly different than I had requested, but in a good way -- he used ziti and added tasty mushrooms.  I was very pleased.If you're in the area, this is worth the stop.
<review# 2516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2007,9/4/2007,180,170,2,4,2>Loves it~~~but puh-leeze, get some other main exhibits besides Egyptian mummies, I'm dyin here!GREAT renaissance pieces and Greek sculptures.Very spacious but it feels kind of empty and sad most of the time. The staff are not friendly.
<review# 2517,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2007,9/3/2007,14,16,5,1,1>Big Tex.Corny Dogs.Tornado Taters.Jack's Fries.Giant cinnamon buns.Nachos with Texas-shaped chips.Fried oreos. (fried ANYTHING)Beer from the Hans Mueller tent .Handwriting analysis.Glue-A-Shoe contest.Ugliest Cake contest.The butter sculpture.Auto show.Dress Your Goat contest.Pig Races.Pee Wee Stampede.Laser light show.The Texas Star.Need I say more?  How about this:Billy Ray Cyrus IN CONCERT.  Be there.
<review# 2518,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2007,9/2/2007,49,94,,6,4>Quiet atmosphere, clean, and relaxing with booth seating (kind of rare at Vietnamese restaurants) and tables suitable for large parties too.Their soups have a memorable taste.  It didn't taste watered down or made from chicken broth/bouillon.  Waiters/waitresses might have a hard time understanding English, so just be patient.  There shouldn't be any problems at all.They have a deli/refrigerated section to the left where you can buy Vietnamese desserts, cakes, or already made dishes to eat with rice. (Tofu, pork, pickled radishes, etc.)If you're clueless on what to try, just find a soup or rice vermicelli with pork (bun thit nuong) and try maybe some traditional Vietnamese coffee or dessert afterwards.
<review# 2519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2007,9/1/2007,16,10,4,6,5>I go every year for my birthday with my sister in law. Not only is the waitstaff sweet, cute, and superfriendly... the stuffed jalapenos are the BOMB! I f*cking love those things. Best damn jalapenos from a chain food restaurant I've ever had. They also have this huge blue drink they light on fire. They will only serve you one and its about 8 bucks. A steal if you consider how much you'd be buying in shots just to get a decent buzz. If only they'd give me a doggy bag to put one of the hot girls in..
<review# 2520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2007,8/31/2007,199,332,,5,3>I generally try to stay away from restaurants that are high on the hype scale, especially at their peak, and let's face it, you cannot crack open a newspaper without reading something about the Porch. The reviews were all so positive and I could not resist the prospect of a good bluberry martini , so I made a bee-line to The Porch.First off, I want to thank you Yelpers who gave me the scoopage on when to go. Arrived at 6pm on a Saturday and beat the dinner rush by mere minutes. Started off with the bluberry martini, a concoction of blueberry juice and Stoli Blueberry. Very flavorful and a good size for $9. I love blueberries but I think I would have preferred this made with Stoli Vanil to counteract some of the tartness of the berries, but that is a personal preference. Tried a couple of items at our table, including one of the daily specials, the Porch's version of a patty melt. I'd like to think that this dish was a perfect example of what The Porch does best, take familiar food, infuse it with some unique touches and elevate it to the next level and beyond. The patty melt was made with caramelized onions and Gruyere cheese and was cooked to perfection. The burger was flavorful and juicy. The rye bread was toasted just to the point of being slightly crunchy but still soft.An order of fish and chips also had a similar quality. Several large piece of succulent cod were dipped in a light beer-based tempura batter. Again, these were fried just to the point where they were slightly crunchy, yet the batter never overpowered the fish, which simply melted in your mouth. Both plates were returned with leftover fries because there was simply too much to eat.One huge surprise was the service. Buzzworthy places often take little time to develop attitude but at no point was that evident at The Porch. The hostess was very cheerful and delivered a table far sooner than promised. The waiter was attentive, and anticipated our needs. The manager came by several times as well to make sure everything was in order.I was inclined to give the Porch four stars because it did not seem to quite live up to its press despite creating a really strong dining experience. Then I got to thinking that it isn't fair to judge a restaurant against hype it did not create. So know this, you can get a really great meal at the Porch but those five stars won't quite equal the five star effort of Abacus, but then, who can?
<review# 2521,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/7/2007,8/29/2007,419,123,1,4,>1/2 priced wine on Wednesdays! Try the Oishii roll . . . it's delicious! It's all pretty good sushi. And the wine selection isn't bad, especially considering the price on Wednesdays.Now . . . Again, here comes the naysayer . . .I once found a bone in one of my rolls . . . It didn't stop me from returning, I'm just saying . . . it was a bone . . .
<review# 2522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2007,8/28/2007,51,13,,4,3>How has no one reviewed this yet! I really can't believe it. This is probably one of my favorite bars in Dallas. If you have been around Dallas for a while, you'll remember this place when it was called Mike's Tree House. It  has changed quite a bit since then, to the ultimate local hangout and neighborhood bar. Directly next to the Granada theatre and deep in the heart of the "M" streets, M street bar is the perfect place to go if you want to dress down or dress up. You'll feel completely comfortable either way. The decor is outstanding. There's plenty of sitting areas that don't require you to purchase a bottle, but if bottle service is your thing they do that very well also. My birthday celebration was there last year and I had the greatest time. There's actually a picture in my profile from it. It's the one entitled "The guy behind the guy, behind the guy." One of the photographers got me in the background looking like I was in deep thought, which I probably was. Our waitress was fantastic, and every single bartender I've ever encountered has been not only fast at pouring drinks, but genuinely nice. This place has a huge rooftop patio overlooking Greenville Ave. There's a 180" HD projection screen TV out there as well, so sports viewing is a pleasure. Another great thing about this place is how many bars they have. There's one inside, one on the downstairs outside patio, and one on the upstairs outside patio. Getting a drink isn't hard at all!That reminds me, I forgot to mention the patio that's downstairs. It's great at night, especially since they have one of those Red Bull bars right there. You barely have to take 5 steps to get a drink. Fantastic.The music is also good. It's your standard top 40 stuff most of the time, but it's done pretty well.You can see a wide variety of people here. From locals that live within walking distance, to SMU kids, to businesspeople types in dress shirts and slacks. Parking is basically valet only, which is usually 5 bucks, so if you can find a spot on one of the local side streets I highly recommend doing that. Either way, you're going to have a good time, so I wouldn't sweat it. Weekends are always busy, so the earlier you get there, the better. If you must go out later, don't worry; it won't be annoyingly packed. You'll just have to wait a bit longer to get a drink.
<review# 2523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2007,8/27/2007,93,416,1,6,4>It's probably more a 3.5 star review - but here is how it went down:- Great service - very accomodating and friendly. We were a big group (12 or so) and had no problems calling ahead and having a table saved up for us. Waiters were super nice and happy to explain anything on the menu for us out-of-towners.- Good food - had the beef brisket, which was indeed very lean, with the potato salad and succatash salad - all tasty, no issues; but not mind-blowing. Also got a side of jalapeno cheese bread - again, just good. But desserts were tops - among four, split the two fried pies (chocolate and apricot) and had some peach cobbler. All worth saving space for.I liked that the portions were normal and not gigantor, like the rest of Texas (although for some people, this is not what a Texas experience should be). (I actually shared my dinner with someone else -- we just came from a wedding.)Mighty fine bbq sauce on the table in a syrup dispenser. YUM. Had tang and some hotness.Not a bad place.
<review# 2524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2007,8/26/2007,41,18,,2,4>I went here tonight for a business dinner, visiting from San Francisco where food choices are varied and very authentic.  Sushi Samba is an interesting fusion concept: part sushi restaurant and part Brazilian (or perhaps Peruvian) dishes.  Food: We started with the pan seared scallops, the sea bass & miso, and the chicken and aji panca hot appetizers that were recommended by our waiter (and they were excellent recommendations).  We also had an assortment of 4 "tiraditos" (which seemed like a combination of sashimi and cerviche), although these were engulfed before I had a chance to sample for myself.  For entrees, we shared the chilean sea bass (absolutely melt-in-your-mouth delicious), the crispy red snapper (so-so, nothing exciting), and a sushi and sashimi platter (good and very fresh).Decor: it's beautifully-decorated with a round theme: a round restaurant around a (you guessed it) round bar.  Eye candy: the servers, hostesses, and bartenders were all quite attractive.Ear candy: I didn't notice any music, which is too bad.  But, it was relatively quiet (on a Monday night) which meant that I could converse freely and hear clearly.Overall, it was a very good and enjoyable experience.  Apparently, they have locations in other places throughout the country.  I'll try it again.
<review# 2525,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2007,8/25/2007,36,22,6,1,1>Perfect if you want a down-home southern breakfast which includes their famous beer-biscuits! It is comfort food to the max with a few flies on the menus...lol. It really is a greasy dirty place but breakfast here is worth it! They have the best french toast I have come across and the beer biscuits are great when they aren't burnt. They also serve typical diner food but i have yet to try anything here but morning time food. The local lake crowd & community service volunteers fill up the diner on the weekends and sometimes there is a wait. You can smoke outside on the patio where they hang sugar traps for the flies....Your (possibly toothless) waitress will probably give you the one over and take your order while calling you honey. They have their regulars. Bring your checkbook or cash because credit cards are a no-no here. This is such a fun place to go on a saturday morning to sit on the patio & people watch while chowin' down on good ole' breakfast staples. Oh, and how can you not like a place with "Flap & Cluck with Oink" on the menu!
<review# 2526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2007,8/24/2007,22,42,,5,3>I have been twice now, but have yet to try the chicken! I've been for lunch with my uncle, and we get there so early that the chicken isn't done cooking yet. I always get the canelons, which is canelloni stuffed with turkey and topped with a creamy bechamel sauce. Really good. The roasted apples are awesome too. I love the atmosphere as well, very chic (haha) and cozy. I need to get back there and have the chicken so I can find out what all the fuss is about!
<review# 2527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/15/2007,8/22/2007,67,97,,4,3>This is the best tapas place in Dallas, hands down. Great patio. Cafe Madrid can't even compare. The potato omelette dish is MUCH better.Just had my birthday there, great place. This was a Monday night but the wait is never too long. All the dishes are great. Check out the beef tenderloin with blue cheese sauce. And don't forget the Creme Brulee with White Chocolate shavings, the best you'll ever have. I can't believe nobody has mentioned it yet!! And the prices are reasonable if you don't overindulge, which is hard to not to do. Enjoy!
<review# 2528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2007,8/21/2007,52,186,4,2,2>2/29 update: Just went to Idle Rich and they have changed their veggie burger. It is now much smaller and fried. I can no longer give it such a high recommendation. A sad day, indeed.__________________________Yes, we all know that their beer selection is fantasic.But holy crap, have you tried their made-from-scratch veggie burger? And their fish n chips? And their frites? And their....Sweet Jesus, this place is awesome.
<review# 2529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2007,8/20/2007,145,231,2,9,4>As you can see from my husband's review, we really enjoyed York St.  They start you off with a warm towel for you to rinse your hands and then bring out warm walnuts, olives drizzled with oil and a Spanish rose wine.  It paired nicely together, and it is just fun to get to a restaurant hungry & have food in front of you quickly.  It was a yummy treat.  And I am mildly allergic to nuts, but I cheated & had one, and they were really good!Next, the waiter helped us with our wine selections.  We basically just left it in his hands for our entire meal.  We both told him what we liked in wine or didn't like.  This turned out to be a very good idea.  Then, they bring out the bread & butter.  The bread was soft inside, but a little hard to pull apart.  But the flavor was good.  Moving onto the BUTTER.  The butter had such good flavor- it was served at room temperature of course as all good butter should be!  And it had some nice sea salt in it or something, because the saltiness in it was just perfect.  The first 15 minutes of our meal (before we even ordered anything), I was really happy with my bread, butter, little munchies, rose wine & then white wine.For my appetizer, I ordered a mushroom barley soup that was luscious and golden brown in color.  Every now and then you would get a little bite of barley or mushroom which I enjoyed.  My husband's salad was really good too- it was very light & refreshing.Then for my entree, I ordered the "Hot Crab on Crab" which was a soft-shelled peekytoe crab on a lump crab salad in remoulade sauce.  I had only had soft-shell crab at Mr. B's in New Orleans, so this dish needed to be yummy.  And it was!  I cleared my entire plate which is rare for me to do at restaurants.  That was one thing I liked about York St is that the portions were just right.  Also, the service was great.  Like Bryan said, there were multiple people around our table keeping our table clean & refilling our drinks.Lastly, the peach clafoutis!  Our waiter said they take peaches in a custard dish and layer it with a vanilla egg custard and bake it in the oven for about 20 minutes.  This thing was fantastic.  Cooked fruit & custard can be really gross sometimes, but this was just perfect.  The table next to us got a banana bread pudding- and I heard the girl saying she usually doesn't like that kind of stuff- and they both were just drooling over it like we were drooling over ours.We were both served hot beverages- Bryan, coffee and myself, tea.  They bring out tea selections in a wooden box with the descriptions, caffeine levels and samples of all the teas.  I knew it would be great because they pair together with The Cultured Cup and use only Mariage Frere teas which can be seen as some of the best tea in the world.  Anyways, I ordered a "The Rouge Bourbon" which was completely caffeine free & is flavored with bourbon vanilla.  It didn't need sugar or anything- was very yummy.  Going back to the service, they serve it in a tea press and the maitre'd came by and said "let's go ahead and press your tea down so it doesn't get bitter."  That is just a really neat touch, imo.Ok, so this review is probably really long, but well deserved.  My one complaint is that the tables are very close together.  The couple next to us started out their meal happy and then the woman started going through the list of all of his ex-girlfriends and badgering him about each one....we kind of thought it was funny, but it could make for an annoying meal depending on who is sitting next to you.  But the food is so well worth it, who really cares?
<review# 2530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2007,8/19/2007,122,165,4,4,3>Here I am, visiting Dallas, TX for a conference, staying in one of those towering downtown mini-metropolis hotels where you can get your chow down (a few in-hotel restaurants) and your groove on (an in-hotel dance bar). Shudder. No thanks. Where can I find breakfast where the residents eat without having to take a cab? At least one place: The Dream Cafe. A nice one-mile walk from the Adam's Mark, my roomie and I went there this morning for some breakfust grub.While perusing the menu, my eyes stopped at the "Glorified" omelet. Swiss cheese, a couple eggs, spinach and mushrooms, with choice of hash browns (I can get these anywhere, what else 'ya got?) or cheese grits (yeah! bring it on!), and toast, all for $6.99. When I ordered the "Glorified,", I received absolutely no hassle when I asked to have the omelet scrambled. I'll never forget the answer a server from another city gave me when I asked for a scrambler, "Can't you just do that yourself?" Gulp. I've since become rather paranoid when asking for this option, but our server behaved as if the request was common. A $1.99 glass of what tasted like freshly squeezed OJ made my stomach full and my face aglow. Thank you, Dream Cafe, for letting me know there is hope outside of a food court, and for relieving me of my scrambler paranoia!
<review# 2531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2007,8/18/2007,169,220,,5,4>Formerly a Pit Grill, Buzz Brews is open 24 hours, offers free WiFi and even more important - good food.All of my experiences there have taken place at around 3AM so I really can't comment on slow service - we were served promptly, likely because it was only us and one other group in the whole place.It's small, but the coffee variety is good and the menu has some interesting offerings as well.I personally have a hard time comparing it to Cafe Brazil - they're different places and I don't think they're going for the same vibe.
<review# 2532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2007,8/17/2007,117,232,2,7,5>This is hands down our favorite restaurant in Dallas. It is an especially great place to take someone who is finally ready to get over the notion that Japanese food consists primarily of "sushi rolls" and "sushi". The sushi is fantastic but more importantly I think TTR has the most diverse Japanese menu in town. In addition to the sushi and Sashimi we are absolutely in love with what we call the "hot rock" - raw and thinly sliced Kobe/Washu beef is brought to your table along with a smooth very hot rock and a light sauce on the side. Place the meat briefly on the hot rock to sear it and then enjoy it as it melts in your mouth! All of the grilled fish is very sensitively prepared - you won't find the fish's taste buried under heavy or overly strong sauces. Wait staff is great and the bar is a true happening place. OK. I'll stop writing now before I bore you. If you're in Dallas and you love Japanese food you MUST try this place. Be warned it is quite small and very popular. Go early or late or be prepared to chill in the bar.
<review# 2533,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2007,8/16/2007,216,175,32,7,10>Last I checked, I was a heterosexual, American male.  So naturally, you'd have a hard time getting me to look twice at a place like Lush Cosmetics, with its cheeky quotes, overwhelming smells, and blocks of handmade, non-animal tested soaps and bath salts.  My wife, however, has no such compunctions and will gladly pay $9 for a "bar" of soap that's approximately 1/3 the size for my Lever 2000.  That would typically be the end of the story- my wife doing her thing and my grumbling about the waste.  However, a few weeks ago when stuck in my sister's apartment in Atlanta, I was forced to choose between liquid dove and a used loofah or some Lush soap.  I tried the soap and was blown away.  I never felt cleaner, and never realized how much residue Lever and those mass produced soaps left on my skin.  I thoroughly enjoyed the experience, though I had to tell myself that the soap had Fight Club-like origins in order to claim some sense of manhood back.  Now that I'm back home, I'm back to my Lever, but I tend to grumble a little less about my wife's expenses, and have encouraged her to go back and get some more ...
<review# 2534,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,8/1/2007,8/15/2007,238,71,,8,6>This is one of the freshest places in town to indulge your unhealthy late-night cravings. Try their hand-cut french fries tossed in garlic butter or topped with Fritos and jalapeno slices. The Blue Bell ice cream milkshakes combine unexpected ingredients like blueberries and cinnamon. You can watch them juice fresh lemonade when you order it, which makes it taste like a good Tom Collins waiting to happen. They also offer Mexican Coca-Cola and Dublin, TX Dr Pepper with cane sugar instead of corn syrup. But of course, it's all about the wieners -- and they offer both kosher beef and veggie soy dogs grilled or sauteed to order (try onions). Buns are traditional or "healthy" whole wheat, and toppings range from Thai (with cilantro and lime) to chili (meat or vegetarian). It's tiny. It's BYOB. It's hard to find close-in parking, but it's worth walking a few blocks from nearby neighborhood streets. It's open 'til 11 on weeknights, 3am weekends, and closed Mondays.
