<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,11/26/2014,950,776,15,16,11>This is probably the best lunch spot in the area for a lot of reasons. 1) Prices are very reasonable. 2) Quality is great. All the food tastes super fresh.3) Timing to get food is very fast. Service is always great here. My favorite item on the menu is the full serving of grape leaves for $5.25. Lots of free parking is in the lot right next to the restaurant.
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,11/25/2014,207,81,15,21,20>This place was amazing!! Just happened to find it on yelp when I was looking for something quick as I was passing through the city of LaVerne. I walked in and to my surprise it was not only a butcher shop but the owner said he could make me anything that was behind the glass! Ribeye's and sausage, chicken and burgers, seafood and pork!!! Anything your little heart desires! They also have a few gourmet ideas in the freezer like duck and bison, a couple other things I can't remember what they were. They also have a wide variety of wines and gourmet beers. I will definitely be going back to pick up some steaks and other meats for the BBQ this summer! Yum
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2014,11/24/2014,1152,1124,30,33,30>So good. So fast. So easy.1. Wait in line2. Grab the next available seat(s) at the counter3. Order off a super simple order form4. Eat, enjoy, be merry5. Pay the bill in the front (16% service charge incl.)The line goes by pretty fast usually, since most people are in and out of there within 20-minutes. Each person gets an order form and the menu is simple: 3 hand rolls for $10.50, 4 for $13, 5 for $17.50, or you can do a la carte. My appetite is pretty small nowadays, but five is perfect for me. If you go with five, you get the daily hand roll (which alternates between Toro and Yellowtail), Salmon, Bay Scallop or Cucumber (get the scallop), Blue Crab, and Lobster. All for $18! And guess what?THEY ARE ALL DELICIOUS.I want to eat here every day, every day, f-ck what anybody say.
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2014,11/23/2014,315,142,16,25,23>A prime example of why you should never judge a book by its cover - Commonwealth is one of the best hidden gems out there.  It is surrounded by gas stations and auto body shops, and looks about half the size of your average Starbucks.  Their hours are extremely limited, and they don't even answer their phones until they officially open (at least the day I called).  It is yet another reason my life is better because of Yelp, and friends who Yelp (thanks Ailyne)...Their max capacity is 35, but they make the most of the limited space they have.  The tables are set up so you feel cozy, but not cramped.  Right when I sat down, the words tiny and small were replaced with intimate and exclusive.  I am typically not one to focus so much on ambiance, but Commonwealth's was delightful, and impossible to ignore.That being said, as impressed as I was with the interior, it was nothing compared to the food.  I don't even feel right referring to it as food.  It was too delicious to be grouped into such a broad category, and is on a level entirely on its own... From now on, let's just call it Fjoeuhge.  Commonwealth's Fjoeuhge I tried:Fried Chicken - salt and pepper fried, cumin, maple dijon.P.E.I. Mussels - white wine, chili butter garlic, and grilled bread.Seared Hanger Steak - mushroom sautee, garlic, black pepper cream.Soft Shell Prawns - couldn't find the description on their website for this one, but my guess is prawns imported directly from Heaven, and whatever angels eat.Butterscotch Pudding - also not online, but pretty self explanatory, plus bacon.Literally everything I tasted gave me a stiffy.  The "worst" thing I tasted was the fried chicken (boneless tenders), and even those were the best chicken tenders I've ever had.  My favorite, although they were all close, had to be the soft shell prawns.  My wife actually pointed out to me that I was eating shrimp eyeballs and it didn't phase me one bit.  The eyeballs, tail, head, shrimp nose, and everything on and around it tasted amazing.  Amazing was a common theme shared by all of their Fjoeuhge, and there is not a single thing I would change.  Everything had just the right amount of everything, and made my tongue feel like it won the lottery.  Bacon bits on top of butterscotch pudding was genius, and a perfect way to end the night.Service was top notch and genuine.  We had 6pm reservations, but were in a rush to catch a 7pm engagement.  Thankfully, we were able to take our steak to go, and come back afterwards for dessert.  We were the last ones in there at closing, and never felt rushed or unwanted.  To say that I plan to come back would be like saying I plan to blink again... Even if I tried not to, my involuntary movements would get me back here eventually.  HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/13/2014,11/22/2014,293,137,15,14,11>I work nearby and been coming here probably once a week now. At first I thought the tacos were pretty decent. But they must've put something in them cause it seems like I've got an addiction now. And I just want more tacos.I love tacos. Don't care where it's from. Street tacos, taco bell tacos, fish tacos. Whatever causes me to tilt my head 90 degrees is okay with me. And the great thing about tacos is that every place has their own version. And I'd say the Mexicali version is pretty darn good.First I'll start with the meat. I usually get the lunch combo, 3 tacos and a drink for $8.50. They also have a 2 taco combo but come on, that's weak and I ain't got time for no diet. The carne asada here is awesome. AWESOME. The meat is so tender and juicy. And there's no fat, nor is it super salty. I've tried the Al Pastor (and has pineapples in it) and it's pretty good. But I'd recommend the Carne Asada.Here's the reason I give 5 stars, their salsa bar. It's just loaded with goodness. It's self serve, with 3 different sauces (Mild, Medium, Hot). The sauce has got some kick to them, even the mild so try a little before you hose down your taco. The Pico de Gallo is great, constantly made and fresh. The onions are freaking amazing. Super tangy and vinegar-y. Then there's cabbage, guac, radishes, limes, and cucumbers. I take a bag of cucumbers, squeeze lime in it, add salt, shake it up and eat that straight. It's what they do. And it will make your meal even better.I love street tacos, and I won't ever turn them down. But this isn't exactly the tacos you will get from a taco truck. However, Mexicali is unique, and that will keep me coming back. Plus that salsa bar.. wow. It used to be Cash Only but they finally take plastic here now! Seating is also limited so prepare to squeeze, maybe rub a few elbows. A lot of cops eat here. I don't know why I should share that but you never know who's reading these reviews.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2014,11/21/2014,131,289,7,28,20>I hate moving.  Absolutely HATE it.  Moving ranks as one of the absolutely worst things to do ever.  Because of a variety of terrible reasons, my husband and I have had to move 3 times in the last 4 months.  Torture!  It's not even the packing that sucks.  The UNpacking is even bearable, but it's moving heavy ass boxes/furniture that is the worst.  There's no work out at the gym that can properly prepare you for the awkward lifting and shuffling through narrow spaces that is often required with moving.  That being said, when we were finally closing escrow for our new house, I was able to talk my husband into hiring movers.First of all, booking a time was no problem at all.  I called up the number, got a quote, and booked them online.  We hit a tiny snag with our closing date, so we needed to push the appointment another day, and luckily they were available and accommodating.Stephen, Emil, and Anton met my husband at our storage facility where we had two store units that needed to be loaded up in the truck.  These poor guys not only had to unload TWO packed storage units, but the units were pretty much on opposite sides of the facility and one was on the second floor.  I don't think there was a way to make this more difficult for them.  After about an hour and a half, the guys drove over to the house and started moving everything in.We didn't have a clear cut idea where everything should go besides the main furniture, of course.  They guys did a great job stacking all the boxes in the living room, and moving our super heavy dressers to the bedrooms.  Not only did they unload everything from their truck, we also had a Uhaul full of stuff that they also unloaded for us.  That was such a huge help!You gotta book this moving company.  It may seem like they charge more per hour, but they only have a 3 hour minimum (as opposed to the 8 hour minimum that other companies require), and there's no sneaky mileage fees.  The quote they give you is completely inclusive of all services.  Our total was less than $400 for 4 hours of work.  The money is well worth it!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2014,11/20/2014,1939,571,14,22,21>Beautiful setting, creative drinks, and good food- thanks, Chef Roy! When I first heard about Commissary, my mistaken impression was that it was strictly a veggie-centric, even borderline (gasp!) vegetarian place. Not the case at all. The veggies and fruits definitely have starring roles but they easily share the stage with fresh and flavorful meat and seafood dishes. Even if you don't go there to dine (but you should), the decor and drinks make it worth a visit. The greenhouse, with its mismatched knickknacks, homey shelves, and funky lights, is simply gorgeous, especially as the sun sets. Grab a seat at the bar if you can't grab a table and enjoy the atmosphere.  The cocktails are a must here. They use the freshest ingredients and the drinks are fairly strong too. They have several wines and beers, including Angel City. I had the White Peach cocktail, which they make using Pisco that they age themselves, in barrels behind the bar. I loved that drink! It was very light and refreshing, and not too sweet. My friend wanted to try one of the "gin & juices" so she had the beet.  I'm not a beet fan, but it did taste very fresh and "healthy". Our table shared several dishes, and we each chose an entree. For starters, we had the fries, the fried eggs, the charred carrots, and the lettuce salad with avocado, grilled peaches, bacon, and lemon dressing. Our server suggested we top our fries with the eggs and it was pretty good. I think my favorite app was the salad though; all the ingredients came together very nicely. My entree was the clams. These were good, although very spicy, and there were tons of jalapeños in the broth. The other entrees were pretty good, although the jus for the French Dip was very salty. We finished with the only dessert they were offering, some kind of meringue-like cookie, topped with a sweet marinated rhubarb compote, in a pool of cream sauce (can't remember but it may have been yuzu?). Light and unusual flavors, but tasty. It's cute how they give you seed packets with your bill. I need to plant my Pea Seeds!Commissary is definitely a fun experience, but be sure to make reservations.  The place had filled up very quickly by the time we left around 8:30.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/13/2014,11/19/2014,299,605,21,17,14>OB Bear is a genuine old school DIVE probably even before  the days it was called Koreatown when some referred to it as "Uptown".  The inside is a mish-mash of strange décor, and seems to be bits & pieces left over from other incarnations & interior design elements from previous owners.  The bar area is all along the east wall, and is cluttered with crude handmade signage advising customers that "We don't take cards under $10. We take maximum 3 cards. No persons under 21. ID required."  In the other 2/3 of OB Bear, there are dark booths for more private dining. In general, it's a casual space that has a honkytonk feel where there should be Korean truck drivers & longshoremen to round out the downhome sensibilities of OB Bear.  I opted to do a take out for their noted Fried Spicy Chicken Wings.  The nice, native English speaking, bilingual waiter told me the wait would be 25 minutes so to save waiting time, calling in the order before might be suggested.  To kill the time, I sat at the bar, and had what else?.......OB beer from Korea which only comes in a big bottle.  I was handed a small bowl of fried green peas as something to eat with the OB beer.  Matching the dive atmosphere, the fried green peas turned out to be a bit stale.  If I hadn't ordered take out, I would also have expected a "greasy spoon" or a chopstick equivalent at the table.Twenty-five minutes were up, & magically a plastic bag with 4 containers of various sizes appeared.  A small container of sliced canned, pickled jalapeno chile peppers, shredded raw cabbage with a sweet Thousand Island dressing, Daikon radish cubes brined in sweet clear juice, & the biggest Styrofoam package contained the chicken wings mostly of drumstick with a smattering of the 2 bone wing. The wings seemed battered & fried and then tossed in a sticky caramelized sugar syrup with inflections of red chile pepper flakes, garlic, ketchup. White whole sesame seeds were scattered on top for extra aroma as well as a bit of eye appeal.   The meat is moist & tender, but for the most part lacks Umami. Perhaps marinating the chicken wings in garlic, ginger, bit of soy sauce would have added that extra Umami oomph to the meat.  As it goes, the savory, sweet, herbal flavours are all in the caramelized sugar sauce which only covers the wings, but does not impregnate the meat. So I'm going to experiment, and let the other half of the spicy chicken wings to set for 3 days to see if more flavour reaches down into the mostly unflavoured meat.The shredded cabbage is a refreshing offset to the sticky sweet, chile peppery, oily fried chicken.  I did not pour the Thousand Island dressing since I wanted the cabbage to act as a palate cleanser to the cloying spiciness of the fried chicken.  There is a sweet, brine based Daikon pickle that has a slightly "diaper pail" off odor that would bring tears of nostalgia to many East Asians.  All the above paired well with the salt quenching OB bear that I managed to sneak out.  OB Bear is a cool dive where you can hang out & enjoy downhome Korean food & great Korean beer such as OB & Hite.  In some ways coming here reminds me of my all time favorite old school charcoal based Korean BBQ, Soot Bul Jip, except the waitresses here at OB aren't so crabby.  3+ Yelp stars for good Korean style fried spicy chicken wings.
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2014,11/18/2014,295,101,60,56,51>My milkshake brings all the yelpers to the yard,And they're likeIt's better than yours,Damn right it's better than yours,I can share with you, But I have to chargeDO YOUR TASTEBUDS A FAVOR AND TRY THE MILKSHAKE!! It is wicked good!!I wanted to do a review on my previous visit but I got quite inebriated and can barely recall anything. All I remembered was the beer list is broad, the Slater's 50/50 burger is astounding, and I devoured the Bacon Blondie.So now onto this visit where I changed it up a little and stayed sober. What?! No beer?! Yes my fellow Yelpers I had a milkshake in lieu of the tantalizing beers. After sampling my friend's Graceland milkshake I was instantly hooked. It was a chocolate, banana, and peanut butter dessert party! I had to get my own and ordered the Bananas Foster. If there is a moment in your life when you made a good decision and was proud of it, you can do it again by getting yourself a milkshake. No concrete consistency here folks! Smooth and steady texture so you can easily suck up the yummy goodness through a straw! There are kids and there are adult versions of the milkshake. The difference? Bourbon, Rum, and Vodka. Choose your shake and choose your poison. It's just too bad I followed up an excellent choice with a bad one. I should of stuck with the 50/50 but instead I wanted to try something different. The California Burrito burger sounded good on paper but in reality it missed the spot. 3 people ordered it and we all agreed it was OK. Definitely not something any of us will order again. So far the 50/50 is my favorite burger here. The combination of the pepper jack, sunny side up egg, and the avocado mash makes my tongue melt. I apologize for cheating on you. I came on a Friday night around 9pm and waited 45 minutes. Fortunately there's plenty of seating area while you wait outside and there's also a fire pit. You can also bring your milkshake to the yard.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2014,11/17/2014,483,467,22,28,22>(Dined 09/23/14 TU @ 2:00pm): I just might start throwing elbows (pasta, that is!) around here to get my mac & cheese on!I couldn't wait for the grand opening of Mac-O-licious and the day finally arrived! I loved all-things mac & cheese, and I tried their food truck (no longer around) on a couple occasions, so I was sort of familiar with this business. But to finally have a storefront, hell yeah! Here was how my first of definitely many meals went:Just Baking Bacon Mac & Cheese with extra Bacon toppings ($8.50 + $1.50) - Mac & cheese AND hickory smoked bacon together...PLUS, even more bacon added for good measures!? If this were prepared in a vat, I would throw myself in and eat my way out! My goodness, I need a hand-check here, if you knew what I meant! Definitely, some pigs were harmed in the making of this dish! And with the amount of gooey cheddar cheese, I swore some cows and their udders were also harmed! Lactose-intolerant I was in my older age, so this wrecked havoc on my system...but it was totally worth it! yelp.com/user_local_phot…  Cornbread Muffin ($1.50) - Apparently, these were selling like hotcakes! Kelly sadly came up to me and said they were currently out and it would be another 15 minutes until the next batch was ready. No worries because I needed my cornbread. A petite thing, it arrived all hot and quite possibly bothered, and I pounced on it like a fat kid on cake! Soft, a bit grainy, I thought I needed some gravy over here with some fried okra! Yes, I liked it and eventually crumpled the rest into the mac & cheese. It was worth the weight...urr..wait. yelp.com/user_local_phot…  Jarritos Mandarin ($2.50) - What can I say, I'm not much of a soda drinker, but when I do I liked to grab for a Jarritos (usually any flavor would do), It's sugary goodness, came in a variey of fruity flavors, and this happened to be my favorite. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Service - This was their grand opening day, so all the stops were pulled out. The place was half-full when I arrived, and I was graciously greeted by Kelly herself who eventually took my order (the young female cashier also handled customers). Once I paid, I found a cozy seat in the corner with a couple of fun throw pillows. As previously mentioned, there was a delay with the cornbread, so my food was equally delayed. In about 15-minute's time, my entire meal came to me by a young gentleman with again apologies from Kelly. Throughout my meal I was periodically checked on by various employees, who soon took away my empty dishes, etc. Overall, great Southern-esque hospitality. Parking (free) - There were plenty of free parking spaces in the outdoor shopping center they were located in. Street parking was also an option on all surrounding streets (just be mindful of any posted signs for restrictions).Atmosphere, décor, ambience - A relatively small storefront, a ton of natural lighting cascaded through the front glass doors and walls onto neatly-arranged faux tableclothed tables decorated with happy yellow pails which held napkins and utensils. If you sat on the benches along each far wall you had some cute mac & cheese throw pillows to cushion yourself. Electric lighting hung from the exposed industrial-style ceiling covered with fanciful lampshades. You simply had an order counter with a chalk-written menu on the wall behind the counter. Some framed pictures hung on the walls for added décor. There were no TVs nor noticed any background music. yelp.com/user_local_phot…Attire - Totally casual, so I would normally be in a t-shirt, boardshorts, and flip-flops.Overall, I wished Mac-O-licious all the best with their new storefront and I would certainly be back. The food was very good, the portion sizes were right (of course, I wouldn't mind if I had leftovers), and the service was great. I felt the prices were a tad high (a buck or two tops), but the other wonderful things I mentioned more than made up for this. Although the menu was limited to mainly mac & cheese, they had other lighter fare such as salads and chicken, but no alcohol. I found very good value based on the prices, service, and experience noted above (total paid experience was around $15.00 before tip). And, they accepted my credit card of choice...AMEX! 4.0 STARS
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,11/16/2014,491,158,15,21,25>I was hesitant to come here due to the mediocre reviews on Yelp. However, I was pleasantly surprised! If you set your expectations low, then you will more likely enjoy the experience.Also, Bottega Louie, a well-known Italian restaurant, is just a few blocks away, so I never had a reason to come to Portofino. I'm so glad I did though!We ordered:Angus meatballs ($11): 4/5.  three meatballs covered in pasta sauce, mozzarella, and served with two pieces of garlic bread. I loved the flavorful meatballs doused in pasta sauce!Rigatoni ($17.50): 5/5. I took a bite of my friend's dish and it was very tasty. My favorite dish from tonight. The sauce is very creamy and filled with bits of Italian sausage. Yum!Swordfish ($19): 4/5. The fish was very tender; however, the capers made the fish extremely salty. After I scraped off the capers, it tasted a lot better. I liked the olive oil, tomato, and olive combination they put on the fish. Added a lot of flavor. Served with a side of broccoli and potatoes. The broccoli was a bit undercooked and hard to bite into. Overall, still a tasty dish.Bottle of Sangiovese ($34). 4/5 Pretty good wine with a decent bouquet, and no weird aftertastes. The service was the best part! Previous review on Yelp talked extensively about the poor service. Perhaps Portofino has changed their practice based on these reviews. The hostess and the waiter were both very attentive and friendly.
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,11/15/2014,439,104,22,28,27>So my trusty Toyota has 271,000 miles. Yes, I get around. So naturally my tires pay the price. I needed 2 front tires ASAP and I didn't want the fuss or expense of typical auto places.Good 'ol Yelp to the rescue and with Western Tire sporting 5 star reviews I knew I'd be in good hands.And let me tell you, they are as legit as it gets! Friendliest nicest bunch of dudes ever. Straight forward, professional, and no bull.I was greeted as soon as I walked in and they immediately checked to see what they had in stock. 2 Goodyear tires and labor came to $210. I was out in under 20 minutes.Bing, bang, boom! Now that's what I'm talking about.Oh wait, and free tire rotations every 5,000 miles? Yippee!!The end.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/1/2014,11/14/2014,645,703,28,37,33>Yelp's 365 Review Challenge 2014 #247 - #365Expert Hardwood Flooring you say?Based on the work and service we've encountered, it's safe to say they are true experts to their craft. We found out about this company through our mechanic "Tom" who referred us to Expert Hardwood Flooring and we were impressed by their level of expertise. Henry helped my Mom remodel the second floor of our 1980's home and it took almost 3 months to complete  compared to one month we originally planned. The renovation included the bathrooms which took the longest to complete because of demolition and the granite and cabinets were custom made. Our showers took a lot of time as well for the tile work and ordering the bronze fixtures. The one thing that stands out in the bathrooms are the granite counter tops. You can't find that in every house!One more thing I would like to add are the dark hardwood floors, there not really hardwood but vinyl. It's a cheaper alternative to real hardwood and it saved us about 50% of the cost. It took a total of 3 days to install the vinyl hardwood; including the stairs. After 3 months of renovating, we were fully satisfied with the professional service and helpful staff. Henry didn't live to far from us so he would check the quality of the work and make sure it was going as planned. We made some changes here and there completing around 3 months time. We plan to remodel our whole first floor and use Henry again for the floors and gut and remodel our kitchen.
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2014,11/13/2014,130,458,25,29,28>Green Island Restaurant is a solid Cantonese restaurant in the City of Industry.  It is located a few blocks south of the Puente Hills Mall in a Strip Shopping Center.  They serve up all kinds of Cantonese dishes from noodles to stone pot rice to everything in between. They have a special where if you spend over $30, you get beef fried rice for free.  The family and I have come here on several occasions.  We have had their house special chicken on Sundays, their clay pot rice, salt and pepper spare ribs, and a chicken with mushroom clay pot.  The chicken is a Cantonese Style boiled or poached chicken.  It is flavorful, but, yet not spectacular.  The first time we were there, the chicken meat was soft and mushy.  The second time we were there, it was cooked to perfection.  We were impressed by the size of their clay pot rice.  It was slightly bigger than their competition, and a couple dollars cheaper.  What I didn't like about it was that the stone pots didn't get hot enough for the rice to carmelize or get crispy on the bottom of the pot.  I also did not like that the soy sauce for the rice did not come on the side.  They poured the soy sauce on the rice for you.  Even me, the avid salt eater that I am, thought the the rice was salty.  The spare ribs were good, though, I have had better.  Preserved meats?  It was okay.  It is impossible to mess that up.  The salt and pepper spare ribs were delicious.  There are small little ribs cut in to bait sized pieces.  The meat was marinated and cooked in a nice batter.  My daughter loved it, and the shrimp flavored chips that came along with it.  The chicken and mushroom clay pot was okay.  It had a slightly spicy taste to it.  Most of the meat was white meat.  They forgot that their felllow Chinese like the dark meat.  The restaurant is clean and nicely decorated.  Service was good.  They had several large screen LG televisions mounted to the walls.  The daughter was hypnotized by their television.  Even though she could not hear it, or have a direct view of the television, she felt she needed to watch it, instead of eating.  Good place!  I'll be back!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2014,11/12/2014,508,219,28,28,27>This joint has a strange crowd for sure. Guys with grizzly beards and flannel shirts, guys with handlebar mustaches and suspenders, girls who channel their inner pin-up, girls who dress like boys, boys who dress like girls, boys who look like they belong on the Westside, and a handful other ordinary and unmemorable people. They have well priced drinks and it doesn't seem to get too crowded. There are places to sit and there is rarely a line, so it's a chill spot to meet  up with friends in the area on the weekends.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2014,11/11/2014,287,357,23,29,24>300th-review-i-waited-and-looked-for-a-good-restaurant-for-this-review-65-more-to-go-and-im-done-with-the-365-yelp-challenge-woohooi-came-across-an-article-about-the-best-dim-sum-dian-xin-places-in-los-angeles-and-i-got-intrigued-if-i-could-ever-find-one-that-will-be-a-worthy-comparison-for-jing-fong-in-new-york-i-checked-the-yelp-ratings-for-this-place-and-was-disappointed-to-see-3-stars-should-i-even-try-i-didnt-know-what-to-expect-from-this-place-but-after-reading-that-they-still-have-carts-going-around-the-restaurant-for-their-dim-sum-dishes-i-knew-i-had-to-go-besides-ive-been-practicing-how-to-order-in-mandarin-ehem-wo-xiang-zhe-ge-na-ga-he-zhe-ge-be-warned-this-is-in-chinatown-traffic-is-horrible-parking-lots-were-full-we-turned-right-on-ord-st-thinking-thats-where-the-free-rear-parking-is-located-but-the-spot-we-found-was-actually-for-philippe-the-original-french-dipped-sandwiches-errr-we-found-a-spot-were-taking-it-entrance-for-cbs-rear-parking-is-actually-on-spring-st-but-it-was-packed-the-sort-where-youll-have-to-wait-for-the-other-diners-to-finish-eating-and-drive-out-the-lot-so-you-can-back-your-car-kind-of-packedright-by-the-entrance-is-their-take-out-area-very-nice-to-know-they-have-that-option-everything-is-cooked-and-you-just-go-down-the-line-pointing-at-the-dishes-you-want-to-getthe-dining-area-is-thru-another-door-get-your-number-quick-if-you-dont-want-to-wait-for-too-long-i-anticipated-a-wait-time-of-40-min-because-thats-how-long-we-normally-wait-to-get-seated-at-other-dim-sum-places-we-were-given-23-and-they-were-already-calling-out-19-not-bad-i-started-looking-around-while-waiting-to-be-seated-and-i-noticed-its-mostly-filipinos-who-were-there-ive-never-seen-as-many-filipinos-in-one-place-unless-if-its-in-a-filipino-restaurant-or-if-im-in-cerritos-mall-it-was-nice-to-hear-my-dialect-being-spoken-out-loud-until-one-of-the-women-looked-over-at-me-with-a-very-typical-filipino-look-its-like-a-stink-eye-except-they-look-at-you-from-the-corner-of-their-eye-and-minus-the-nose-wrinkling-i-call-it-the-filipino-stink-eye-i-couldnt-help-but-laugh-is-it-because-im-wearing-a-t-shirt-shorts-and-chanclas-but-so-was-she-hmpf20-minutes-later-we-were-lead-towards-the-back-of-the-restaurant-where-they-had-more-seats-cool-and-more-carts-i-didnt-even-wait-for-the-busboy-to-finish-setting-our-table-i-hailed-the-first-dim-sum-cart-i-sawluo-bo-gao-3-stars-turnip-cake-in-english-flavor-was-really-nice-and-subtle-but-it-was-too-mushy-compared-to-the-ones-ive-tried-at-other-dim-sum-placessiu-mai-5-stars-aka-pork-dumplings-it-comes-4-pieces-per-plate-the-flavors-were-nice-and-they-sure-are-not-stingy-on-the-filling-looking-at-it-at-first-i-thought-it-looked-dry-but-i-found-it-wasnt-when-i-bit-into-it-not-too-juicy-not-dry-either-i-think-they-baked-itniang-xie-qian-4-stars-or-crab-claws-again-4-huge-pieces-per-plate-there-was-more-of-the-fried-shrimp-batter-than-crab-but-it-still-tasted-good-especially-if-you-dip-it-in-their-spicy-sauceji-jiochicken-feet-5-stars-yum-if-you-dont-mind-spitting-out-tiny-bones-while-eating-this-is-a-must-to-ordersteamed-gai-lan-5-stars-also-knows-as-chinese-broccoli-or-chinese-kale-this-is-served-with-a-drizzle-of-oyster-sauce-great-pairing-with-all-the-other-dishes-if-you-want-to-try-as-many-as-you-can-without-getting-full-too-fast-skip-the-rice-pai-gwut-5-stars-steamed-pork-ribs-i-love-it-and-all-its-boney-goodnessstuffed-tofu-3-stars-a-big-chunk-of-shrimp-stuffed-in-tofu-and-then-steamed-it-was-okaystaff-4-stars-some-were-nice-some-were-so-so-no-one-was-rude-to-usthe-staff-speaks-english-so-we-didnt-have-any-problems-ordering-at-all-i-definitely-want-to-come-back-here-in-the-future
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,11/10/2014,199,134,54,77,68>Founded in 1980 by David Tran, Huy Fong Foods, Inc is a company that makes chili sauce and chili paste, its most popular variety being the Sriracha sauce. There is a fascinating history to the founding of this company that is covered in detail during this tour, so I will leave that task up to your tour guide. SCHEDULING A TOURThere are two ways: call at (626) 286-8328 or email at CustomerService@huyfong.…. I emailed the company and received a confirmation email two days later with a confidentiality agreement and visitors agreement (i.e. rules of the tour) for review and signature. If you fail to complete either form, they do provide copies prior to the beginning of the tour for completion.TOURING THE PLANTMy tour was held on August 8th at 2:30 pm. Entrance is at Azusa Canyon Rd. and Olive St. Park in the designated Visitors parking stalls, located in front of the main entrance of the building. As I walked to the glass door -located behind the 'Huy Fong Foods' water feature- I was greeted by a security guard who took my name down, collected my parties signed forms, and allowed us to check out their adjacent conference room with company pictures, plaques and clothing attire featured on the walls. Our tour guide, Sabrina, escorted our "large" group -9 total- to a golf cart and we made our way immediately to the back of the facility. Per Sabrina, the building's size is 650,000 sq ft, with 480,000 sq ft devoted to the shipping/receiving, storage, and production. Needless to say, covering all this ground is effortless on a golf cart. On the day of the tour, activity at the warehouse was relatively low. However, things are reportedly bustling during chili season, whereupon grinding of the red jalapeño peppers occurs in order to make each of their three products: Sriracha sauce, Sambal Oelek, and Chili Garlic sauce. Sabrina first took us to a vantage point to better see the receiving docks where the jalapeños are received, blue plastic drums with Sambal Oelek awaiting the next processing step, and the chili grinders. We next went to see their ingredient mixing machines and an up-close look at their machines that create their Sriracha bottles as well as bottling machines. This area of the plant is noisy, so Sabrina used a bullhorn to narrate the tour as we moved to each section. Please note: although this area is noisy, it merely requires one to speak up and be in close proximity in order to be heard. The packaging area followed, with automation completing most of the steps. After the packaging area, we retraced our steps back to the golf cart to drive the length of the warehouse with a sea of empty blue drums awaiting to be filled with one of the aforementioned chili sauces.The tour concluded at their gift shop with Sabrina kindly requesting the group complete a satisfaction survey on the tour. For completing the survey, we were provided with a 34 year anniversary 8.5 oz bottle not yet available for sale. TIPS & THOUGHTS-The only time I smelled anything mildly harsh was when the golf cart passed by a truck filled with red jalapeños. Otherwise, the warehouse is essentially odorless. However, keep in mind that my tour was not during chili season, which is precisely when the residents of Irwindale complained one year ago. -Chili season is August to November.-If you are wheelchair bound or use a walker, I highly recommend you communicate this information to the company's customer service when planning your tour.-This tour is free. Tour length is 30 minutes to 1 hour. Video and pictures are welcome and even encouraged!***Huy Fung Foods will host an Open House on August 22 & 23 that will include tours, open gift shop, food, and Sriracha ice cream approved by David Tran himself. If you love any of their chili sauces or are simply curious, contact their customer service today for details.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2014,11/9/2014,920,518,50,59,56>Too late for Happy Hour I, 3:00 - 6:00 PM, too early for Happy Hour II, 9:00 - 11:00 PM fridarestaurant.com/beve… we still had a leisurely, delicious dine. Server Megan could tell we had catching up to do and was unobtrusively attentive, allowing us to order in intervals, split dishes, the check. Alcohol, chips, salsa (could drink that sassy red sauce, green's not bad though), the Frida Platter, crispy chicken and potato taquitos, cheese quesadillas, mini sopes, sour cream and guacamole to start. Never one for working and playing well with others, it was difficult to restrain myself from eating all four fluffy, flavorful sopes, but I did yelp.com/biz_photos/frid….Still hungry, or so we thought, we ordered the Camarones al Tequila to share. In reviewing my picture, I can't post, as it does not do this dish justice so I'll do my best to describe it. Six tender, sautéed prawns surround white rice (perfectly cooked, packed into a mold or pastry ring to form a sphere centered on the plate) crowned with three al dente asparagus spears, potato croquette on the side with a grilled, rolled zucchini ribbon atop. All good indeed, but it is the delicately drizzled over, pooled on the plate, spicy, orange-tequila sauce (orange in color too), pure alchemy, that makes this dish pop! Unable to finish, the kitchen happily packed leftovers to send home with my friend. Unfortunately, Frida's ambiance has changed considerably in the four years since I was here. Instead of a separate bar area, there is now one large dining room. Ambient noise makes it impossible to carry on a conversation even sitting shoulder to shoulder. Instead of one flat screen TV there are two, a plus many tout but for me TV in restos is annoying, a deal breaker. If my friend hadn't wanted to stay, alone, I'd have gone elsewhere, home. The alternative was street seating. Not a fan of that either due to foot traffic, monoxide fumes and the rogue possibility a car jumps the curb (rather my last supper be at the French Laundry). If none of that bothers you, Frida is a good choice because the food, the service and Happy Hour pricing is five star.  Food: 5 StarsService: 5 StarsAmbiance: 1 StarAverage: 3.7, rounded up to 4
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,11/8/2014,92,396,15,27,26>Wow. I was a little skeptical, but Salt & Straw is really up there with the best ice creams I've ever had. Their ice cream is very rich and creamy (containing at least 17% butterfat) and they take a lot of time to ensure that as much air as possible is gone from the mix. This results in a very smooth ice cream without the ice crystals that so many other places have. The ice cream isn't too hard to too soft - it didn't take a whole lot of effort to eat.While Salt & Straw has a number of more common ice cream flavors like vanilla, Gooey Chocolate Brownie, and Sea Salt with Caramel Ribbons, I actually prefer the more unique, savory options. The Tomato Water & Ojai Olive Oil Sherbet is a great example of interesting flavors that work very well together in an ice cream. The tomato flavor is earth but sweet, while the olive oil gives it a great, grassy depth and finishes off cleanly. My favorite of all the current flavors is actually the Black Olive Brittle & Goat Cheese; the flavors both stand alone in the scoop and meld together harmoniously as well.If you think that the Los Angeles location of Salt & Straw is just going to feature ice creams exported from Portland, think again. All of the ice creams are made locally in small batches, and most of them are even tailored around local produce and vendors. For example:- The Cinnamon Apple Donut flavor features Sidecar Donuts (in Santa Monica)- The Avocado & Strawberry Sherbet has strawberry jam from the local Laura Ann's Jams.- Their vanilla flavor is created using single-origin vanilla beans distributed by the local company Amadeus Vanilla.The service was also phenomenal. Despite the hoard of people, the girl I ordered with took her time with me, offering to let me try a sample of each of the flavors (which I happily took advantage of) and explained a bit of how they make the ice creams and each of the flavors. I have never, ever had that kind of generous, focused service in an ice cream parlor before.So I waited half an hour in line for ice cream last night. It was worth it. And I'm quite tempted to go back tonight and do it again.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,11/7/2014,212,200,16,20,20>I can't remember how I found this place I'm just happy I did. They post a sweet beer list, definitely something for everyone. I had the Goose Island 312 and thoroughly  enjoyed it. We arrived after 9pm but apparently they have a nice Happy Hour:7-9 EVERYDAY, buy 2 beers get 1 free, 50% off pool and $2 Jolly Rancher shots. This spot has it all, (well except food):Darts- ok they're electronic which is a bummer but hey at least they have 'em.Shuffle Board- in need of some major wax ASAP. They give you little shovels but there is literally nothing to pick up. It is free if you buy a beer for the first 30 minutes then $5 for each 30 after.Beer Pong- 3 tables set up in the back of the billiard room. WednesdaysPool tables- 8 tables situated in the back, runs $10 per hour. Photo Booth- just in case you're feeling photogenic.The space is quite large and laid out nicely. With the pool tables in the back they were able to have long communal tables up front near the bar, darts and shuffle board for you to hangout and talk with friends or strangers, very cool.The crowd did seem to be on the younger side, I'm 33, but they were all friendly. I'll be back.
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2014,11/6/2014,440,831,20,24,23>I've been waiting to try SPITZ for a longggggggggg time.  I finally decided to try it.  We got the street doner and street cart fries. STREET CART FRIES, is a MUST. GET IT!!!  The fries are not just normal fries, they have such great seasoning on it.  The sauce on the fries is delicious too! The veggies topped on the fries help balance out the fries.  The doner was delicious too!  TIP: ADD SOME SRIRACHA into your doner, it will enhance the flavor and you just won't stop eating.  This place also has games and playing cards to keep you entertained before or after your meal!PS. There is also a stamp card, so make sure to get it!
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,11/5/2014,772,265,22,22,22>My husband is really picky when it comes to his hair.  He rather not cut his hair for 6 months than go to someone he thinks would mess his hair up, if that even makes sense.  I've literally taken him to every single salon that I've ever frequented, ranging from $30 to $80 for a men's haircut, from SGV to Tri-Cities to the Westside.  He didn't like any of them.  I gave up for a while, I stopped asking him when he's going to cut his hair again.  I watched him slowly turn into a caveman.  I had to convince myself that I should love him regardless of how he looks.  That was a hard task for me because I'm completely superficial.  So one day I was looking through Facebook and came across a friend's status update.  He said that he just had the best haircut ever by Stephanie at Industry DTLA, he didn't want to wash his hair.  I immediately Yelped the salon and thought that I could give it one last shot.  Bought the Yelp deal and brought the Mr. here.  He was all smiles when they offered him a latte, he said to me "wow I would come here just for the latte".  Was that all I needed this whole time?  A salon that offers free lattes?  I guess it's also a plus that Stephanie ended up cutting his hair exactly the way he wanted.  He was happy and is now a returning customer.  Thanks for saving my marriage Industry DTLA!
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2014,11/4/2014,479,516,12,21,21>As you may have heard, they revamped and restored Echo Park Lake last year so it's now a vibrant, visually lovely place to lay down a blanket and have a picnic. Or simply stroll around the lake to see ducks with their ducklings (aw!), turtles swimming, and of course the lotus flowers (blooming now!) and water lilies. My friend and I spent a Friday afternoon here last week, had raspados at Angelus Salads, and stopped by the Echo Park Farmers Market on Logan St. afterwards- the perfect way to spend a summer afternoon in Los Angeles.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,11/3/2014,501,590,24,27,24>Walked from my Apt to here around 11pm and it was worth it! The place is small but empty, the food prices are very fair for what you get and portions are pretty nicely sized. They have a large variety of food items so I definitely would love to come back to try something else, I tried the burger (AMAZING 5 STARS) and the carne asada tots (average,... 3.5 stars?) but service was pretty good and food was definitely pretty good.. only complaint is that it took FOREVER to get the food, we literally sat there for about 30 min :( and the place was empty besides us!
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2014,11/2/2014,158,37,19,23,25>Came back to try Hotato Potato again! I'm super impressed this time. My bf got Flamin' BBQ and I got half Sour Cream N Onion & half Ketchup!!OMG... If you're a potato person like me, you would love this and crave it everyday. Mine was crispy on the outside and fluffy onthe inside.   Unfortunately, my bf's spiral potato was rather oily because it had pockets of oily air bubbles.. Still enjoyable though! Well-seasoned but not too salty.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2014,11/1/2014,414,128,29,26,26>Citadel: The place where sanity goes to die at a parking lot. Forget coming on a weekend, this place is bat shit crazy. If I am not mistaken, this is like a tourist spot and you can find buses upon buses unloading a grip load of people. Add the regular pisas like myself that like to shop for discounted shit and you got yourself a party. Pro: -Stores like The Children's Place and Old Navy practically give their stuff away. I've bought clothing items for like $3-There is a good variety of stores -Weekdays are not as bad if you go early. You get to shop al fresco and breath the awesome smog of this wonderful city. -Lamajoon is here -So is Steve Madden even though it's hella expensive (what's the point of being an outlet store son?) Cons: -Parking. Really, they have shuttles to drive your ass to the place because you will have to park in Texas-Service at most of these stores is pathetic -The clothes at some of these stores is so 3 seasons ago (especially at the Gap) -Some stores are not any cheaper than their mall sisters (like the higher end ones) -There is not enough shoe places for kids....not all of us believe in Sketchers-Food court could have more variety Overall, it's a decent place to get some really inexpensive basics and some expensive non-basics. Just prepare to die a little trying to find parking and fight the masses if you do decide to brave the weekend!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/23/2014,10/31/2014,263,372,13,31,24>I think I found my salon! It's close to where I live, where I work, parking isn't a complete nightmare, and the price is decent. Well, it's expensive, but it's Los Angeles...you gotta pay for quality.I got my hair done in two visits. First, I got it cut by Lisa on Saturday (same day that I called by the way), and woof! An hour later, I'm sitting on the FUMA salon chair getting my hair did. I looove short hair. No fuss, no mess. Shorter hair for the summer is always more fun if you ask me. My hair has been growing out really well too...it's been a few months already, and I still don't have any split ends!My second visit was the following day with Hank for color. He came highly recommended in the Yelp reviews that I read. My thoughts? He's more than good, he's awesome! He doesn't pressure me to do anything, and he's honest without being pushy. A huge issue I usually get with coloring stylists is that they always dry out my hair hardcore. However, this time around, I was amazed to find my hair perfectly healthy. Seriously, it looks great...and it's so soft.Not to mention, the hair products they use here are fantastic. Hank gave me some shampoo/conditioning/styling samples before I left, and I ended up buying the Neuma soothing creme on my own afterwards because I loved it so much.Anyways...I'm planning on coming back in soon to touch up my roots. Platinum blonde, please!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2014,10/30/2014,1172,111,17,24,28>It's always a great day at The Mercantile. Ya'll should come on down. It's a cool blend of cozy and classy.I've been here for brunch and a couple of happy hours...it seems fitting for daytime to me since an entire wall is open air. I love that. Makes for great people watching!I love the non-pretentious friendly staff that makes you feel right at home. At my most recent visit, I sat at the bar and had a wine spritzer and a cheese plate in the afternoon. The cheeses were delicious and diverse. The accompaniments were perfect. They curry chutney was unique. I've also been for brunch and had the Eggs Benedict with Pino Noir Hollandaise which was fab. This place is adorbs!
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2014,10/29/2014,753,422,14,26,18>If you ask somebody in the LA area what the "coolest" donut shop is, they'll without-a-doubt answer immediately with Randy's Donuts in Inglewood. That's probably because they've never heard of La Puente, let alone ever been there. However, If you ask somebody in the SGV what the "coolest" donut shop is, they'll immediately fire back with The Donut Hole!While Randy's is graced with a massive donut on its roof, The Donut Hole literally is a donut unto itself! This small drive-through donut shop has a donut on the front with a donut hole being the entrance, and another identical donut at the back with the hole being the exit. Genius!I thought it only fitting that I order a dozen donut holes, simply because of the name, along with a couple glazed twists that all in all took me about a week or so to finish. The donuts here are just like the ones you'll find almost everywhere else -- simple fried pieces of dough molded into different shapes and covered in melted sugar or other flavors.The Donut Hole is open 24 hours to satisfy your midnight munchies as well as your weekend breakfasts. The goodies are very affordable and the building itself makes for a new and amazing experience for first time visitors and repeat customers alike!PS. CA$H ONLY!
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,10/28/2014,511,281,23,30,26>--8-year old Allen: "Let's play on the stairs!! Okay, let's use this cardboard to slide down!!"--15-year old Allen: "Why the f*ck do places gotta have stairs?! Make it one story gah-damnit. Ugh."--24-year old Allen: "Uh, yeah, let's take the elevator. I don't do stairs unless they're moving."--30-year old Allen: "Secret stairs? YES. Let's go. It'll be fun, healthy, and a great way to explore!"It's funny how things come around full circle, eh? I imagine the circle will go back around the other way and by the age of 50, I will start gradually hating stairs again. But for now, WOOOO STAIRS!This entry really needs to be called the "Beachwood Canyon Stairs"....YELP. It seems to be geared more towards the stairs than any hiking trails in the area. With that said, thanks Yelp, for helping me find these secret stairs!!Such a fun "urban hike"! You don't get all dusty or sunburned (lots of shade), but you do get a pretty decent workout. Plus you get to explore the historical Hollywoodland homes and CASTLES, with some great views of the Hollywood sign, the Observatory, and Downtown L.A. One thing I did notice with all these Hollywood Hills homes: These people have some pretty BALLER front doors. That must be the thing up there. Coz I was totally judging people based on their doors. And mailboxes.I will tell you this, DO NOT TRY TO WING THIS THING. Take it from experience, it doesn't work. And your confused pacing around these neighborhoods will make you look like a tweeker in search of your next meth fix. The stairs are not continuous nor easy to find. All the stairs are broken up in random places and you have to trek to each set of stairs. Some are beautiful old, stone stairs, and some are newer, whatever stairs. Google the term "Beachwood Canyon Secret Stairs" and the first entry is this amazing PDF document that explains EXACTLY where to go, STEP-BY-STEP, and even gives some historical info. An invaluable resource!! You might want to print it out or save it to your phone, coz signal is super-shoddy up in that area. I could't even get signal at Beachwood Cafe during brunch before the hike. GET IT TOGETHER AT&T.Some highlights I'll tell you about: Bougainvilleas EVERYWHERE. Beautiful homes that you kind of wanna break into and take over, except the ones that look like they're balancing on two little poles, in which EFF THAT. A dirt, fire access road right next to Moby's "Wolf's Lair" home that sports an amazing view of Lake Hollywood and that also leads to hiking trails for an extended hike. Gorgeous stone. And 861 steps of GLORY.And if you follow that PDF document I referenced, your urban hike will lead you all the way back down to where you came from. No need to take Uber back, coz you know, we don't walk in L.A.
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,7/5/2014,10/27/2014,385,244,14,23,18>Happy hour daily 4-7 is what is enticing about this place. Their beers are moderately priced, and they do have Eagle Rock's Populist IPA on tap. 5 dollars during happy hour in a pintish looking, cocktail glass. Not sure of the exact fluid ounces. But, the most amazing thing we've had on the menu, the deal of the century, the thing that will keep us checking in, is the fries. I giant heaping, overflowing platter of shoestring happiness. 4 dollars for a meal for three of deep fried sliced potatoes during happy hour. All the ketchup you could ever ask for in their giant vats of plastic dispensers.Farmers market special brawt and chicken sausage were ok. A little on the dry side. Kind of like the toasted bun too. Small accompaniment of grilled peppers and onions. Nothing to rave about. The mac and cheese was good but the crunchy cracklings on top nearly broke a tooth.Hope they do well. I like the concept.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2014,10/26/2014,2069,232,16,20,17>We called early afternoon on a Friday for a reservation and they said they were fully booked but someone did call in to cancel just then for their 7:30pm reservation, so we took that one.  So, make reservations, at least if it's on the weekend.I have passed by here a million times, but always thought it was an actual hardware store and since I go to the Home Depot on Sunset for all my DIY needs, I never took a closer look, until a friend suggested we eat there. We were sat at a communal table in the middle of the restaurant.  I'm not a fan at all of communal tables. I have major ADD and find it too tempting and easy to mentally float into the surrounding party's conversations and further and further away from my own friends.  Which, essentially makes me a bad listener and in turn, a bad friend.  Anyway, there we sat, the table maybe accommodated 10 guests, but it was only our party of 3 and another 2, so I could still pay attention to my friend without too much distraction and it also afforded me with an easier access to stare at their food and assess what I wanted to order.I had a mescal cocktail off their specialty cocktail list.  Our waitress told me that you are supposed to eat the edible flower and then take a sip.  I avoided the flower until I had one sip left because it wasn't a pretty flower like those purple ones you sometimes get on a salad.  It was like the bud of a daisy without the petals, so it looked like a fuzzy mustard colored ball.  After some of the mescal settled in my brain, I gained the courage to take down the flower.  My whole mouth immediately tingled in an awful way and I was sure my head was swelling up like a Macy's day parade float.  We had just gotten word our friend couldn't make it and had an emergency so we had to leave without ordering dinner.  As my mouth was still on fire and we got up to rush out the door and come to the aid of our missing guest, I shot up out of my seat and bumped right into Bob Saget who was being escorted to his table.  We had a moment I'm sure of it.It's definitely a trendy place, I'd actually like to come back and have a real meal here, but I will definitely be making a reservation well in advance so I can hopefully take advantage of their outdoor patio seating instead of sitting at the kids table.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,10/25/2014,354,182,20,23,20>Another strip mall miracle! $0.89 taco Tuesdays and Monday-Friday after 8pm till closing (I assume 10pm)!! KAZAMM!!A lovely couple run this place, the wife cooks and the husband chats it up in the front haha.  This little place is nestled somewhere in the strip mall, adorned with a bajillion neon signs.  Seriously, 89 cent tacos, 89 cent ASADA tacos are all you need in life.  Even though it's 89 cents, the tacos are filling! A generous amount of asada plus a copious amount of cabbage, onions, and cilantro.  I'm not a huge fan of raw cabbage and not a ginormous fan of cilantro, but luckily, it's on top so I just flick it off haha.  Really though, one of the better tasting asada meat in the area, it really tastes like meat! Fish tacos are pretty tasty too, it's battered, not too heavily like Taco Nazo, but it's also smaller. Skip the carnitas and chicken anything, it's extremely dry, you can see the pictures...dry.. heh... But the asada and fish is good to go! The tostada with choice of meat is a good deal too.  I've also had the asada fries, it's literally asada and fries lol, well, there's melted white cheese too, it's alright for $3.  Nachos and sopes with asada is good too, but the sopes were your average, pre-made from the factory type and nachos are mainly good if you eat it there as it gets a bit soggy with all the dang toppings lol.  Torta is also great, with asada of course, comes with avocado and all the normal veggies.  Pretty much anything with asada is good though, so I'm slightly biased.  Basically, just get the asada in bread, or tortilla, on top of something, as a condiment, or whatever else you can get your hands on, the asada is just delicious.  Don't forget to pair it with their red and green salsas (green the favorite, spicy and funky)!  Overall, it's a solid 4 stars for something quick, tasty, and friendliness.  Happy eating!!
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2014,10/24/2014,469,283,17,29,24>If  Salvador Dalí had gone to culinary school instead of art school, The Bazaar is exactly the type of restaurant he would have owned. Whimsical, playful, gorgeous presentations, slightly surreal: this is dinner at Bazaar. The pseudo-science of molecular gastronomy and truly excellent cooking distinguish one of the best restaurants in town. Having dined here several times over the past few years, I feel confident in recommending the following: 5/5: Deconstructed Philly Cheesesteak. A must-order. The flavors explode in your mouth in unexpected and amazing ways. Molecular gastronomy at its best.5/5: Eggplant tempura with foamed buttermilk/local honey: the contrast between savory and sweet induces ecstasy. You have been warned!5/5: Jicama-wrapped Guacamole: delicious.5/5: Flan. Citrus-tinged and served with the some of the best cream ever.5/5: Smoke on the water: a magical, mystical cocktail.4/5: Service can be spotty at times. Be prepared to wait a bit. While The Bazaar is frequented by some of L.A.'s most beautiful diners, it's not too snooty.4/5: Try to park on the street as valet is $14. Meters in the area are free after 8 pm. 4/5: Yes, it's on the pricey side but when you consider the quality of the ingredients and the fact that dinner pretty much includes a show, it's worth it. Enjoy!P.S. A must for dineLA! Awesome deal.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2014,10/23/2014,889,359,19,27,22>#300 !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!that only took a few years!!! This is prob one of my favorite new places and the best of 2014 thus far...I've been here twice and never disliked any dish we tried...makes me want to go back and finish trying everything else on the menu!!! I would say that this place is heavy handed on the salt and oil sometimes overpowering the settle ingredients.I sat by the salad station and got to see the chefs make salads, tartares, and salumi plates all night long....this guy w/ a red bandanna starts chatting us up and he seems to be the sous chef but later found out he was the head Chef and owner...its always more fun to be able to meet and greet the head chefs, listen to some recommendations and makes the evening more lively...Veal Tartare - 9/10 one of the star dishes..better than most other steak tartares i've had...the problem is that i had to share and the dish wasnt big enough.Cavatelli alla Norcina - 10/10 a true staple here!!! the pastas have a good few flavor so its different than a typical gnocchi type of dumpling...settle ricotta flavor with a good amount of pork sausage. Bone Marrow - 8.5/10 i'm glad this place tries to change things up and substitute the bread with spinach gnocchetti..you carve up the marrow and mix it in the pasta..interesting twist and very tasty..Pork Chop - 9/10 they ran out of the suckling pig but had the pork chop of the evening and its prob the best porkchop i've ever had...well to be fair, i never order porkchop at restaurants but was highly recommended by our sever so had to try it out..Duck and Lentils - 7/10 not a huge lentil person but when you mix it w/ Duck, a sunnyside up egg, and a similar to chimichurri sauce it becomes a good concoctionService is a tad Slow...but the restaurant is crazy busy all the time..ur server or chef is not ignoring you, but its just never a calm minute!! just be with good company and enjoy the evening, have fun... but the quality of the service is superb...
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2014,10/22/2014,382,163,18,24,23>Thanks to my trusty stead, Yelp, I was lucky to find this place. Also bc Cesar R gave a good review and took yummy pics. Thanks Cesar R! We came on a Friday and it was pretty empty and lucky for us bc our service was great and not like the experience other yelpers had. Chips and salsa or better known to me as crack, was awesome. The salsas were fresh and spicy, yum and the chips were warm, lite and crunchy. I ordered a margarita and I have to say that it was not that great. With a name like Margaritas you gotta have a rockin house margarita but oh well. We ordered the shrimp fajitas and carne asada taco for my son. He loved his taco, beans and rice and my fajitas were really good and tasty. I love that they give you a grilled jalapeño on the side. The rice is pretty home cookin style and the beans are pretty good too. They had mariachis that sounded so good and totally set the mood for our Friday night Mexican feast. The service was super nice, and attentive. The laker game was playing which is a plus if they weren't playing like 5th graders. Prices are very reasonable and the restaurant itself is very clean. I will definitely be back for Sunday brunch for a mimosa festival!!See you soon Margaritas and my compliments to the chef!
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,10/21/2014,805,1004,19,23,22>Turned out to be the best damn BBQ I've had in LA yet.  The original is in Compton and it does have a larger menu, but this one has cocktails, beer and wine.  Five of us showed up for an early weeknight dinner since they don't take reservations for groups of less than 8 people.  It's spacious but I imagine they fill up quickly.  There are also televisions all around so this a great spot to enjoy a game!  Great service too.In terms of what I ordered for us...okay I went a bit overboard.  Our server told us that they don't offer rib tips on Mondays, but instead feature a special BEEF RIB for $5 each.  I got one for everyone at the table.  Dry rubbed and smoked for who knows how long, their meaty beef ribs were just amazing.  Definitely my favorite item!  I also added the following:* PORK RIBS (full order) - I love all of their ribs.* BRISKET (1/2 lb) - This is Texas-style BBQ so you cannot not get this and it's good.* PULLED PORK (1/2 lb) - I think this was the least exciting.  It was fine, but I prefer the other meats we got.* HOT LINKS (2) - There's no way to describe them without making it sound dirty.  Yes, these were huge and thick.  Definitely share.* MAC & CHEESE (lg side) - Yes!* COLLARD GREENS (lg side) - Ditto!* POTATO SALAD (md side) - Not usually a fan of potato salad, but this changed my mind.* CORNBREAD - I ordered one for each person, but given everything else it was too much.  Consider sharing.I know this will be hard, but you really need to save room for dessert.  Both the OREO PUDDING PIE  and PEACH COBBLER (comes with ice cream!) were awesome.  Desserts are made in-house, except for the ice cream.  Get a couple for the table!
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2014,10/20/2014,3365,753,38,38,34>I am no stranger to having wieners in my mouth.I put a cowboy wiener in my mouth here...I asked for more...the wife just rolled her eyes.THE COWBOYyelp.com/biz_photos/dog-…White American cheese, smoked bacon, onion rings, bbq sauce and crispy onions.  All this needed was a fried egg.  I'll get the grand slam next time.CUSTOM CHICAGO DOGyelp.com/biz_photos/dog-…The wife enjoyed this....I won't make the wiener joke cuz I don't wanna get slapped...again.TATER TOTSyelp.com/biz_photos/dog-…Felt like a kid again.A fat kid who loves beer and bacon and wieners.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,10/19/2014,186,364,21,22,15>I needed a haircut and my regular stylist wasn't available when I needed her. I work on tight schedules with long daily to-do lists so I need someone who's available for appointments on Saturdays as well as 10 AM on weekdays. Normally, I would just wait it out for the next available date - whether that be on a Saturday at 11 AM or a random weekend that I can squeeze in. However, I was desperate. My ends were dried and dying, and no amount of condition, oil, or serum would help anymore. So I knew it had to be then and there.I hate cutting my hair. I can't seem to find anyone who does it the way I like it. My hair is slightly wavy, with LOTS of baby hair around my hairline that makes it almost impossible to get the bangs just right. So I'm especially wary of Korean places because they always like to push the newest look on you ("Oh, all the pretty celebrities are doing it like this! You should try it to! And they color their hairs with _____ and _____, and I think it'll look soooo pretty on you!).I combed through one salon after another - one review after another.I pass by Atelier everyday on my way to work, and I always wondered how good they'd be. I read the reviews, and I remembered that a friend of mine (notoriously picky about who does his hair and how it's done) said that he came here, sat down with Raymond and was happy with the haircut. So I decided to trust him.It wasn't until I walked in that I realized I wasn't sure if he worked on a Wednesday at 10 AM.Luckily, he was.He was friendly, attentive, and took the time to explain the nature of my hair, how to best handle it, and was very apologetic about having to snip off so much of my ends. So now, my hair is about 4 inches shorted (yes, I miss it), but I'm all the more happier for it. I think I could've used a BIT more layers, but I'm happy nonetheless!
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,10/18/2014,3695,1087,34,40,35>YOLK PORN FOR DAYSSSSSS.I totally get why this place is called Eggslut. I mean, these eggs get around and are in super high demand. OOOZZYY, DRIPPY, AND SOOO GOOD. Yes, the place is slightly overhyped. The line is unnecessarily long. The prices are kinda insane for what it is. BUT I am so happy that I live a few blocks away and I love this downtown location.Breakfast foods are kinnnnnnnddaaa my thing. You cannot walk by Eggslut without drooling over the intoxicating smell of butter, bacon fat, and eggs cooking. That smell alone will convince you to wait in that ridiculous line. If you come, try to get 'The Slut' before they run out. It is so good! I mean, as good as a coddled egg can get...if you know what I mean. If you're expecting this egg to change your life and view on eggs, sorry you'll be disappointed. At the end of the day no matter how you spin it, it is JUST AN EGG. BUT, mind you, a really fresh and perrrrrrrrrfectly prepared egg. The pureed potato  is also  fantastic-- really savory and good. The texture is a mixture of both smooth and gritty.... and it's really hearty. The best way to eat 'The Slut' is to pop the yolk and stir that bad boy into the puree. I also LOVED the crustinis, although I was sad they only gave 3 skimpy pieces. I felt like I needed at least 2 more of those things! They are buttery and crunchy...and everything you want a crustini to be. The combination of the crunchy bread with the runnny slut is winning. It feels kinda insane to pay $9+ for perfect eggs, but damn...it was good. And I'd gladly splurge on an overpriced egg once in awhile. If you order any of their burgers or breakfast sandwiches, you can opt to swap out the brioche bun with their biscuits. TRUST ME. You'll want to. THEIR. EFFIN. BISCUITS. OH. MY. GAWD.
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,10/17/2014,266,628,20,25,22>I've heard all about how the view of downtown LA is beautiful from the rooftop of Perch, so of course I had to come here on my birthday for some rooftop drinks with Dena O. and JQ. The entrance to the building is unassuming but helpfully says PERCH in large letters. You take the elevator to the 13th floor, where you get off and then get on another elevator to go to the 15th floor. This takes you directly to the bistro, which is where you would go if you wanted to have actual food here. I had read on Yelp that the food here was not good, so we completely ignored the bistro and took the stairs to the rooftop (16th floor). In case you are wondering, there are restrooms available on both floors (the 15th floor one has three stalls, while the rooftop one is just a room).We walked to the bar and ordered drinks. Dena got a glass of red wine but Joyce and I both got cocktails. She got the Lolita (Fris vodka, St. Germain, grapefruit juice, cucumber, champagne) while I got the Writer's Block (pear vodka, St. Germain, lemon juice, champagne). The drinks were pretty similar and both came recommended by the bartender. I'm not sure which one I prefer; both are light and refreshing without the taste of alcohol being overpowering. I liked both of them, so it's a good thing JQ shared a lot of her drink with me. Thanks JQ!When we got there all the seats were taken so we just stood near the bathroom area so we could put our drinks on the wall, but it didn't take long before a few seats opened up. We quickly walked over and took them... and refused to leave because we didn't want to give them up :P Of course, since we're on the rooftop, it got cold soon, so we had to leave eventually because we were freezing :P But of course I can't end my review without mentioning the view... which is beautiful. It would have been nice to come here around sunset because I'm sure it would have looked even more spectacular then, or at night so I could see all the twinkling lights of dtla, but the view in the late afternoon was still lovely. Would love to come back here again if I'm in the area (and have already paid for parking nearby) in the evening :)
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,10/16/2014,795,221,46,42,37>Uh, yeah I get a MANicure!It all started when I worked at my family's diamond brokerage firm in DTLA. I was handling jewelry & gem stones all the damn time. No jeweler in their right mind would ever show customers items with jacked up fingers.The ladies here do a nice job cleaning out dried up or out of control cuticles & cuttin' down your talons in the shape they're supposed to be in. Have your nails buffed to nice shine & you're golden. And guys? If you can stand getting your feet touched, do your significant others a favor and get those done too. No woman I know wants to feel scratchy toenails or sandpaper heels under the sheets. I tried it once before, but I'm so damned ticklish I almost dislocated my pedicurist's jaw once. I don't do feet. So I try to take care of them myself...the wifey appreciates it. I'm no longer in jewelry business, but still very secure in my manhood to make sure that my nails look awesome for the black jack, poker & craps table....and you can't have a nice time-piece or ring on your finger with hammer-jacked fingernails. You can't...Trust me guys. My wife loves 'em. The ladies notice.I give them 4-Stars, but this is the only place my wife goes to for her manicure/pedicure. She'd give them a 5. So the extra star is from her.I'm deez® & I hope this helps...
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2014,10/15/2014,824,286,29,42,34>probably one of my newer faves when it comes to pie these days.  of course i swung by here on the worst possible day of the year, that being Pi Day... 3.14!  the line was at least 25 minutes long and out the door.  not sure if they had anything especially special going on on this particular day, but the items we tried were very good.  my sister and i shared slices of the MEXICAN CHOCOLATE and EARL GREY.  together they were great choices in that one was creamy and light and the other was decadent and rich.  you can figure which was which, i'm sure...  the Earl Grey had a really pretty crust, light and fluffy custard and cream, and a nice layer of chocolate just under the custard.  nice touch.  the Mexican Chocolate was rich and i love that it came in a graham crust.  it was really decadent in that we couldn't finish it and had to fight over who took the rest home!this location also sells JUICELOVE cold pressed juices.  had a bottle of the greens, which is fresh and wax sealed in a glass bottle.  nice beverage to go with all the sweet carbs...  no guilt when you choose this beverage!!although Pie Hole slices are pricier than the average pie, it's great to try at least once, and enjoy occasionally.  they also sell their own beans and have a full coffee menu.  charming and rustic little spot, in the heart of DTLA Arts District.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,10/14/2014,586,160,16,24,20>I had heard about this mysterious restaurant on Union Street which purposely doesn't have a sign through word of mouth....."What? I said, No Sign?" It must be good I thought! I parked on Union street and walked along the street carefully looking in each storefront making sure I didn't miss it! Somewhere between stores Kal's and Pop, I came across a very modern yet simple looking storefront with reclaimed wood and white walls. A simple menu hung in the window but the food here is anything but....I came for lunch and they had only 3 types of sandwiches: Porchetta, Caprese, and Albacore. I couldn't decide on which one to try but since they only had 3, I figured it wouldn't hurt to try them all!First, the Porchetta....holy smokes! What flavor and bite to this sandwich! The bread is soft, hot yet crunchy! I go in for a second bite and I realize that it was just as good as the first bite!! Tastes of rosemary and fennel really fill your mouth and then a punch of sweet cabbage sneak up right behind you. Just the right amount of balance of flavor and bite!The Caprese was very fresh and the greens have a nice crunch to it! The balsamic vinaigrette they use is to die for!!! Unbelievable!!!Definitely have this if you're looking for a meat alternative. The Albacore was a very good pleasant surprise! Most of the time, restaurants try to make "tuna salad" out of it by adding an ungodly amount of mayo and other stuff to make it more dense....However, the way Union makes it, nothing compares! The mix between their cream and their albacore is pure genius. Bite after bite you know you're eating a quality sandwich....until it's all gone...... So after trying all 3, my ranking is Porchetta, Albacore and the Caprese but only because I am a carnivore! See you here!See you here!
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,10/13/2014,818,503,40,51,44>This Shabu Shabu newbie really liked this place.I've been dragging my feet for a couple years and have passed up many previous opportunities to try Shabu Shabu.  My Yelp friend Mel D. talked about going a couple years ago and I got cold feet.  Fast forward a couple years and my Yelp hiking friends, Wan L., Tony L., Jennifer N., Gloria R., Bic T., Nahid D. & Cecile C. agreed to go out for Shabu Shabu after our Sunday morning hike on the Gabrielino Trail in Altadena.Shabu Shabu has intimidated me for quite some time and I would have never walked into Tokyo Shabu Shabu on my own.  It  was really helpful to dine with friends who know the ins and outs of Shabu Shabu.  Wan, Tony, Bic , Jennifer and Gloria were not newbies, so I was grateful we could get some tips from them.Food:  4/5 StarsWe all ordered the Feast for Two for $39.99 which includes a drink, one shared appetizer per two guests, a bowl of broth for each (no sharing required), meat of your choice and a shared dessert for two.  If you sign up with them online you will get a coupon for $10.00 off your $40.00 bill, but that does not include the Feasts for Two. In addition,  if you check in on Yelp you will get a free drink or house sake which is nice.I decided to order the tomato and vegetable broth which is $2.00 extra.  Please note that any flavored broth is $2.00 extra, but I'd say do that.  You don't want plain water because that sounds pretty boring.  Nahid ordered the Kimchi broth and that was really tasty and spicy.  I'd order that one for sure.  We ordered the Tokyo chicken and cucumbers as the appetizer.  I really loved the Tokyo chicken and would definitely order that again.     I'm not a big meat eater, but I selected the lean Kobe beef which was really good.  You basically swish your meat around in the hot bubbling broth until it looks cooked which is pretty simple.  They also give you a huge bowl of cabbage, spinach, carrots, designer mushroom, tofu and various noodles.  I think I would have liked some regular button mushrooms, more carrots and other vegetables instead of so much cabbage, but that's alright.  It was still delicious.Service:  4/5 StarsWe had several servers all working together and we never had to wait long to order, receive our drinks or food which was nice.  Our server happily wrapped up all of our leftovers.  Atmosphere:  4/5 StarsThe restaurant was very modern with lots of red accents, a big screen T.V. and lots of tables for four.  There is also a large bar area if you pop in solo or don't mind sitting side by side with your group.Parking:  5/5 StarsFree in the structure at the southwest corner of Del Mar Blvd. and Lake AvenueRecommendation:I can totally see why my friends like this place for a great meal.  I will definitely be back again and try some of the other broth selections.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,10/12/2014,635,232,16,17,15>Late night donut cravings don't come often to me - but my boyfriend? That's another story. We popped in here one night after a few drinks for a late-night snack (they're open 24 hours!) This place is a walk up donut stand - not for sitting down or hanging out. You can see all the donuts on display through the windows and they have a multitude of cool flavors to choose from.We ended up loving the maple bacon donut we got - bacon was perfectly cooked (a little crispy but not overdone) and the maple wasn't overpowering as I have experienced at some other places. The donut itself has that croissant like flakiness and is super moist. I'm starting to crave one right now just writing this. We also liked the chocolate chip cinnamon roll but the cheesecake donut was a little overdone (or just not fresh). There were a lot of other flavors we wanted to try but we can only consume so many donuts at once. Looking forward to the next 'tasting.'(Ps, they have their own lot or street parking is available).
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2014,10/11/2014,217,296,20,24,21>OH MY, MY MY! My tongue thanks you Lala's for making it dance. Good prices for damn good steak and sides. Good for groups, couples, kids, bring them all! House bread with chimichurri, more bread please. The chimichurri was amazing and I could honestly have put that on my whole meal. BOMB! entraña al ajo Certified Angus Beef skirt steak topped with sautéed garlic & parsley. I had the steak cooked MED, semi bloody in the middle, OMG the flavors, the way the meat just melts in your mouth. Aye! Get your breathe mints out because the garlic is strong but oh man oh so good. You get to pick two sides, I had salad and mash potatoes, just the perfect meal. Sangria was really good and went well with my meal. With one glass it put me in a great mood. Flan was delicious, really tasty and light. Comes with a side of yummy caramel, I didn't eat much of that because the flan itself was great! Service was great. If you can find parking then do so, if not valet is $8 with no validation and $6 with, so don't forget to get your ticket validated. Thank you Lala's for making my anniversary dinner wonderful!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2014,10/10/2014,708,334,25,27,25>Listen, if I write this review I'm gonna need everyone to not start swarming my secret running haven. Don't need this spot to turn into the overcrowded mess that is now Runyon Canyon. So just read, enjoy my review, but don't go crowding up my spot now, ya hear!Lake Hollywood (well, the Hollywood reservoir) is the bees knees. I LOVE it here! I'm a fairly novice runner, only about 6 mos in and this is a great location for me to train and get my workout in. Parts of the path are shaded, parts are sunny, but the scenery is 100% awesome. Gorgeous rich-people homes, the Hollywood sign, animals in nature. It's really an oasis in the middle of Hollyhood. The path is paved so not the best for you joints as a dirt road, but allows for walking, biking, easy jogging, even pushing your kid's stroller. Leave Fido at home though. No dogs allowed and frankly I'm appreciate not accidentally stepping in his sh*t when some mofo's don't clean up after their pets. I don't get great cell reception here so my GPS tracking has never worked, but I believe it's a little over 3 miles. There are port-o-potties at the entrance and about half-way. The highlight is stopping over the Mulholland bridge. You look over into this beautiful lake to see ducks and sometimes turtles if they feel like showing themselves. I love watching them swim!This isn't your place to come "hike" or have a picnic. But really just a nice place to move while getting some sun and fresh air. Parking has never been an issue for me, but be warned. This is still LA. Don't be fooled and think you can leave valuables in plain site and your car won't get broken into. I usually see broken glass along the sidewalk when I park so just be smart and careful. There ya have it folks, Lake Hollywood. My secret has been revealed. Don't let me catch y'all out there now!
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,10/9/2014,1215,510,18,23,19>basically-you-should-only-consider-coming-here-if-you-got-a-very-large-group-and-plan-to-consume-lots-of-alcohol-25person-gets-you-unlimited-use-of-the-room-and-bring-your-own-bottle-and-did-we-bring-bottles-tons-beer-soju-wine-the-whole-bit-and-they-gave-us-fries-wings-and-other-snacks-compliments-of-the-house-it-should-be-noted-they-wont-allow-food-inside-but-they-do-make-exceptions-for-birthday-cakesthis-is-k-town-after-all-so-the-song-list-is-basically-korean-biased-with-all-the-new-k-pop-hits-for-you-mrmr-to-a-lesser-extent-there-are-japanese-songs-not-as-updated-but-you-can-still-find-classic-90s-namie-amuro-euro-super-beat-stuff-like-try-me-and-taiyo-no-season-or-even-sailor-moon-english-song-collection-leaves-a-lot-to-be-desired-but-you-will-still-find-most-of-the-major-hits-rb-and-hiphop-selection-is-nil-to-very-fewthis-is-one-noraebang-that-is-asian-friendly-but-service-can-be-challenging-if-one-speaks-solely-english-parking-can-be-valet-2-or-look-for-meterstreet-parking-otherwisein-other-words-feel-will-fit-all-your-karaoke-needs-if-youre-an-asia-musicphile-and-a-heavy-drinker
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2014,10/8/2014,200,178,25,36,26>Bea Bea's is the best traditional breakfast joint in Burbank. I am addicted to the Green Tea Monster.3 huge green tea pancakes, each mixed with white chocolate chips, drizzle some green tea mascarpone and top it off with fluffy whipped cream. No maple syrup needed. Unless you have a huge sweet tooth. This is delicious on its own.Oreo pancakes - this was okay, plain pancakes with crumbled Oreo cookies on top. I couldn't smile with teeth until I got home to brush them.Crunchy cornflakes french toast - not enough dipping of the cornflakes and almonds. Looks like a naked french toast.Blue Hawaiian pancakes - this was okay, plain pancakes, fresh blueberries are tossed on top, a few sliced bananas and crushed macadamia nuts. I was hoping the blueberries were mixed in the pancake batter.The usual to go with the sweet breakfast...Crispy bacon or turkey baconPerfect over-medium eggsCorn beef Hash brown (well done)Wheat toastOverall, a solid place that I am going to visit quite often. I have not tap into the waffles, crepes, omelet, burrito, burgers, sandwich, salad, and... PASTA?!Parking lot is shared with other businesses. It is located on the same side with Jenny Craig. That's just cruel.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/7/2014,978,107,19,21,20>This place is very dark and hidden from the naked eye from the streets. But once you step foot into this billiard/sports bar, you know for a fact that this place is a well-known spot for the locals and patrons. They have various themed events on the daily such as: 80s night, Karaoke night, Nu Wave night. I sat at the bar with my girlfriend and she got a recommended kamikaze and I got a Jamie-ginger. The bar tender was great, giving us samples of drinks and generous portions. I want to come back here on a Saturday night when they have 80's night ($5 cover). This place is a true man cave and I can't wait to watch football here.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2014,10/6/2014,333,234,26,26,26>Wow! I leave Pasadena for a few years and return as the prodigal daughter, from Manhattan, to find this awesome burger/bacon experience? NYC has an amazing plethora of international flavors, but their attempts at duplicating an exceptional burger leaves them trying to imitate everything I missed about In-N-Out, Counter Burger, and even Umami. (Shake Shack and 5 Guys come to mind).There is not a better bacon burger than the one at Slater's 50/50! If you are a bacon and burger aficionado, it's in a class all by itself. If it were a song, it would be this one:youtu.be/iUiTQvT0W_0The highlights:1. Was able to sit at the bar.2. Service was exceptional.3. Great ambience.4. So easy to order.The prodigal daughter is home!
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,10/5/2014,1113,491,20,24,20>Do you play Badminton? Do you play ping pong aka  table tennis? Then this is the place for you!!! Although, they don't rent out gears, they do have rackets and balls/birdies for you to buy. It's $7 for the day pass for badminton and $5 for ping pong. Its bloody humid and hot in there....so make sure you bring a towel to wipe your sweat. If you are not sweating in here, then you are not doing something right or you need to see a doctor asap.Actually started coming here for ping pong because it's so much cheaper than another place to play. There's always a table or 2 open for ping pong. On busier nights, you might have problem finding a court for badminton. It's probably a good idea to come with a friend or 3(4 total). Usually people are down to play pick up games if you have a partner. Buuuut not everyone is that nice.I like this location better than the El monte location, it's a lot newer looking, and cleaner. I'm here at least once a week for badminton or ping pong, maybe I should consider getting a membership...
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,10/4/2014,1932,629,27,45,38>Here is my journey of attending The Ellen Show.How I got my tickets:ellentv.com/tickets It is FREE to request the tickets. Check the calendar frequently to find out if any tapping dates are available. Submit your request on her website. I submitted in April for a few dates in May. 3 weeks before the tapping date, I received a phone call from The Ellen show!! One week before the show, I received confirmation letter with detail instruction (e.g. dress code, parking, maps, etc). 2 days before the show, I received a phone call to confirm once again.The show day:1) There is a parking lot (Gate 3) right across street from the studio (on Olive). Parking is FREE. Show the security guard your ID and he will give you a parking pass. The Audience Waiting area is right next to the parking lot entrance (lots of benches). 2) There are 3 types of tickets. VIP, Guarantee and Standby. I got the standby tickets. It is NOT guarantee that you will be in the show. They usually overbooked every show just in case people don't show up. After they check-in the VIP & guarantee tickets holders, they will know how many standby ticket holders needed to fill up the studio. 3) For standby ticket holders, they will issue you a number once you check-in. So the earlier you check-in, the higher chance you will get into the show. The check-in starts at 9am. I arrived at 7:30am because I wasn't sure what to expect. There were only 12 people in front of me. At 9am sharp, one of the Ellen's staff showed up and started checking our ID and issue each person a number. (at 9am, only less than 20 people waiting in line) ** if you just show up without any kind of tickets and hoping they will give you at least standby ticket.... the chance is very slim. I saw people got turned away that morning. 4) Once you get your number, you can leave the studio and come back at the show time. They don't want people waiting in line for hours till the show time. Very fair & considerate idea to allow people to check in early. ** When you request the tickets online, they will ask you to give full name of all your guests. They need to check everyone's ID before they issue each one a number. 5) When I came back 30 minutes before the show time, the Audience Waiting area was packed with people. There was Ellen Shop cart selling merchandise and Warner Brother Food Cart selling food. There was restroom and vending machine there too. Lots of seating area. Few big screen TV showing Ellen shows. If you already check in and have a number, you can just sit down and relax. No more waiting in line. 6) Ellen's staffs will start calling all VIP to queue in line by their numbers. Followed by guaranteed tickets holders & standby tickets holders. The staff would guide you to cross the street into the studio. If the studio is full, the rest of the standby tickets holder who can't make it to the show will stay at Ellen Shop and watch the show on TV and they will also be given guarantee tickets for next season. I think that is awesome!!7) Once you enter the studio, security check. NO CAMERA!!! Cell phone is okay. After security check, you will enter to Ellen Shop. Many merchandise, big screen TV & restroom. Taking picture there is totally fine. 8) The staff will guide you into the studio. At this point... ALL CELL PHONE COMPLETELY OFF! NO PICTURES!!! If staffs catch you taking picture of the studio set, they will even ask you to delete the photos.9) When you enter the studio, the staff will ask how many in your party. They will decide where you are going to sit. It doesn't mean if you check-in early so you can have front row seat. Nope.... 10) After the show, you still can hang out and Ellen Shop, buy more merchandise or take more photos.  They have great system and super organized. They give great instructions. The whole process is absolutely painless. Best of all, they are all very friendly & entertaining!! Fun experience~ The memory is priceless!!! By the way, did I tell you Ellen gave us FREE PHONE (retail value $450)!!! ELLEN, YOU ARE AWESOME!!!
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2014,10/3/2014,676,626,25,29,24>When you have out-of-state friends visiting (whom you haven't seen in 5 years); where do you take them? The Griffith Observatory? The beach? LACMA? The Hollywood sign, RIGHT? Nah! Take them to a bar! What better way to catch up then over some drinks?!Everyone is fairly familiar with Tony's Darts Away but for those who have living under a rock; here is your run down. Tony's Darts Away is a combination bar with elements of a dive bar, sports bar, and a bit of a craft bar mixed it. One can expect wooden trim, dart boards, a large tower shelf of board games (Jenga, Monopoly, Scrabble, Clue, Battleship... all the classics), and a large, loud crowd. Tony's is a hip joint for the late 20s/early 30s crowd but still retains some neighborhood charm making it casual and laid back (with some good looking people!).Tony's alcohol list is extensive with ales, stouts, lagers, ciders, IPAs, and wine... all on draught. Prices are generally about $6.50 a glass and well worth it for the labels they carry. Tony's not only cares about the quality of their offerings but also the environment which is why everything is served bottle-less and on environmentally-friendly plating. Who can complain about that?! Need a little food to soak up your alcohol? Tony's forgoes the usual greasy bar food by instead offering a list of vegan (and delicious!) fare such as vegan hot dogs, sausages, a build-your-own sausage deal, non-vegan foods, salads, french fries (regular and sweet potato), and of course Chex-type munchies. My group each purchased vegan dogs but since I was not eating; I can not offer an opinion on this. However, they raved about the food and said it was great (it looked quite yummy and I promise to try it next time).My only complaint is the tight spaces due to overcrowding. Tony's doesn't have a door man so it feels like sardines in a can and that the fire marshal wouldn't be too pleased. My group of 6 sat smushed in the back of Tony's at a pool table which had chairs around it and a cover to convert it into a table. It was somewhat awkward and a better idea to just stand around in the outdoor patio area. Service was fine with speedy fulfillment of orders plus the occasional rounding of the room by an employee picking up glasses/napkins.etc. It should also be noted that Tony's is quite clean for a bar: no odors, sticky counters, or spilled drinks. Parking is tricky as it is free, street parking but it fills up with all the people in the bar so look on the side residential streets versus Magnolia Blvd.So what did my friends and I think? We were all pleased and aside from not being able to hear ourselves over the volume; it was a great way to catch up. Who needs the Hollywood sign when you have Tony's?
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,10/2/2014,1472,495,25,30,31>Wow. I mean, I knew when I decided I was going to start taking pole dancing classes at Allure that I would enjoy myself, but I must admit I am surprised at how challenging a workout it is! Once I resolved to start pole classes, I hit yelp to get some research going.  I looked up several pole class options and I chose Allure for a few reasons: They were the most reasonably priced, they had several class options and they were centrally located closer to my neighborhood.  I took my first Intro to Pole Class this week and 27 hours later, I'm sore in places I haven't felt in years (that's a good thing).  We started with a sexy warm up, moved to mat work - which had so much core work I was surprised! - and then, we moved on to some beginner moves.  We walked, we shimmied, we learned a turn and two off the ground spins! Though I DEFINITELY am a beginner, I was super encouraged by Beverly and improved while in class for the final 5 minute freestyle section.  It was hard but so fun, I'm planning on making this class a weekly occurrence.  Who knows, maybe one day I'll be able to climb up the pole and do an inverted drop!  I'd cross my fingers, but my hands are still sore...
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2014,10/1/2014,802,369,26,32,31>There are 3 things I look for a business to get my 5 stars, Cleanliness, Friendliness and Deliciousness...... Pho Broadway delivered all of these and added a little bit more (the owner's great sense of humor). First-off, Parking is free which is super awesome in this part of town! It shares the same lot with East West Bank, we came in and immediately this very friendly gentleman (the owner) seated us. After a few minutes he came back to take our orders, We placed an order of egg rolls to get the ball rolling, it was delicious, hot and crunchy! Served with a bunch of fresh lettuce leaves and a sweet and salty dipping sauce - this appetizer was a hit!For the main meal, I ordered the Charbroiled beef and egg roll vermicelli with a tasty side of deep fried shrimp curd and sweet & salty fish sauce dressing, The beef was very tasty and so as the crunchy and flavorful egg roll which they thoughtfully cut into small cubes, the vermicelli noodles was cooked to perfection, slick and slippery not sticking to each other, the shrimp paste curd was quite yummy, it was a surprising addition to this delicious bowl! Highly recommended - filling! I also ordered their Boba Milk tea, it's alright but nothing special.My office-mates ordered the Charbroiled pork and egg roll vermicelli which is similar to what I ordered only with a hefty serving of the tasty charbroiled oinker! It got good feedback's from them as well!Pho Broadway successfully delivered a very tasty and filling lunch, fantastic service and a bright and clean restaurant. I highly recommend giving this place a try if you happen to be on this side of Chinatown......Good Food, Clean restaurant and Great service! I will definitely come back!Enjoy!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,9/30/2014,1121,246,27,37,31>In a nutshell: If you don't mind waiting up to an hour, this is one of the best ramen places in LA.Normally I would give a place something less than 5 stars if the wait for a table is excessive. However, the way the staff interact with waiting customers is fantastic, and they earned the 5th star back. We came here on a Monday night, and were surprised with how long the wait list was, but I guess we learned our lesson that this place attracts a crowd any night of the week.Parking 3/5 There is a small lot in the strip mall, but most parking will be found on Sunset and its cross streets. Sunset is metered until 8, so it's not too bad if you come here after then.Ambience 4/5Very intimate setting, with a small bar for additional seating. Groups of 4-6 like to dine here, but there are a few tables for two. Turn around is quick, as you will read below.Service/Wait time 5/5I love the system they have here for the waiting list. So when you first arrive you see the typical clipboard where you write your name and size of party. However, as your name approaches seating, a server will call you and hand you a menu. When you are about one or two groups away from being seated, the server will take your order and submit it to the kitchen. Once seated, your order comes out in less than ten minutes. FANTASTIC. We waited about 45 minutes before we were seated, but the food was well worth the wait.Food 5/5Here's what we've gotten:Grilled Gyoza - AGreat starter after waiting to get seated. Just enough to whet the appetite, and a good way to pass the time while you wait for your ramen.Tonkotsu Ramen w/ Pork Belly - A+This is what my gf usually gets. She'll add bamboo shoots as well. The pork belly here is so tender and flavorful I always end up trying some of it.Tonkotsu Spicy Ramen w/chicken - A+This is what I get. I usually add bamboo shoots and a medium boiled egg. The spicy broth is so good especially when you've got the sniffles. Chicken is cooked just right, and everything goes well together. Noodles to broth ratio is on point as well.Overall 5/5We love coming here. The wait time is something we've grown accustomed to, and we don't mind it since the quality is good and consistent. Highly suggested if you've got some time to kill and you're hurtin' for some ramen. If you're on a time crunch, don't come here. bomb.com
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2014,9/29/2014,72,446,38,39,36>Blue Plate Oysterette is like a new aphrodisiac!  This particular location opened a few months ago and I'm glad it did.  A buddy of mine had been telling me about this place so, recently, we decided to go.  Though it's located in the middle of the city, it has a beach vibe to it, as it's airy with skylights and, somehow, the decor blends new and classical touches.  Speaking of blends, there's a blend of people that dine here which speaks volumes about this place, in a good way.  The gracious hostess offered us a table out front, but given the heat, we declined that offer and opted to dine inside.  Sitting alongside the wall under the dolphins, as in wall decor, we were ready to order.  Our bubbly waitress, Randi, was ever so attentive, friendly, and professional.  She gave us a quick rundown of the specials and quickly went over the menu.  We decided on the Red Curry Mussels for our appetizer, at a cost of $16.00, and it was well worth it.  Undoubtedly, these were the best mussels I've ever eaten!  These mussels were presented in a large bowl, served hot, with a lime wedge atop, two toasted pieces of bread, all in the red curry sauce that yielded unexpected flavors.  Dare I be rude and take this bowl all for myself...never...but I was willing to share with my buddy, though it was difficult, because this dish was so flavorful and good!  Ah...the emotions food can have on us!  Anyway, after our fierce devotion to the Red Curry Mussels, we had to prepare for our entrees.  My buddy ordered the Lobster Roll, at a cost of $24.00.  Usually, we share our food, but with that Lobster Roll, I decided I didn't want any and my buddy didn't seem too impressed with that entree.  I opted for the Grilled Chicken ($19) and Macaroni & Cheese ($4).  Don't let looks fool you, because my chicken appeared to be dry, but when I cut into it...Hallelujah!  That Grilled Chicken was a blessing to my stomach!  It was extremely moist, flavorful, and satisfying!  I had to turn my head to look for our waitress because I wanted to give her a high-five but, I remembered, I'm a germaphobe and I don't do that, but this chicken is so good, it almost made me forget my personal rules of being a germaphobe.  Now, what could complement that chicken?  It was time to order dessert and I'd read so many good things about their Key Lime Pie, but Randi told us they have Bread Pudding too.  Oh, I love bread pudding, so I asked my buddy to get it, as I was ordering the Key Lime Pie.  Unfortunately, he declined as he was, supposedly, stuffed.  Much to our surprise, the waitress and her friendly colleague told me they paid for me to have the Bread Pudding.  Fancy that!  We were able to have both desserts.  Wait!  I thought my buddy was stuffed?!  Well, the Key Lime Pie was so good, my buddy kept eating it.  Hmm...  The Bread Pudding was plentiful, in terms of size, but not in taste, but I'm most appreciative of their kind gesture, and I'm sure they'll improve the Bread Pudding.  However, that Key Lime Pie is amazing!Overall, we enjoyed our dining experience.  The staff was unbelievably friendly, as another server continued to come by to check on us and make suggestions, and a manager did the same.  Blue Plate Oysterette is like a breath of fresh air!  I look forward to dining again at this restaurant!
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2014,9/28/2014,4339,292,38,46,44>I'm a BIG FAN of Koi!  Pretty pricey so if you're ballin' on a budget, it's a special occasion kinda spot!This place is VERY TRENDY & SWANKY and both times I've been, there was a celebrity dining there and no one makes a big deal out of it.  So if you go, expect to see a celebrity but don't be "that guy" or "that girl" and bother them.  Just stare at them quietly, all night long, from across the room like I do!  :)SERVICE is ALWAYS FANTASTIC.  But for what you're paying, it should be!  I think we had like 3-4 guys waiting on us and we were only a table of 7.  Waters were always refilled, if your cocktail/wine/beer was running low they asked if you wanted another one, and they spaced out the food perfectly.  I can't stand when everything comes out all at once and it crowds the table and all the hot dishes gets cold.  Here are some of the items that I strongly recommend.Creamy Rock Shrimp TempuraSalmon Carpaccio with black trufflesSpicy Seared AlbacoreMiso Bronzed Black Cod - good quality fish and not too sweetWagyu Carpaccio with crisp shitake, yuzu dressing"She's So LA" Roll - Koi's BEST ROLL imoAs for PARKING, it's usually VALET unless you get lucky with street parking but you probably have a better chance of finding Big Foot than parking on La Cienega!
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,9/27/2014,476,584,35,39,37>This is my favorite park to go to in Upland, for sentimental values and for all that it has to offer. There are days where I just come out here with some Jamba Juice and reflect on life!! There are two playground areas, you can tell that one was made for smaller kids and one was made for big kids :) I qualify as a big kid, right?? Just Kidding. With Upland Recreation located in this park, you can come here to register your child for gymnastics, martial arts, dance, etc... I have personally volunteered to help with the Butterflies in May event in the past where we help little elementary-aged kids build a home for their cocoons. The idea is that the cocoon will turn into a butterfly :) Pretty neat, right?? You can also come here to get permits to rent out certain spaces at the parks in Upland. I have personally rented these spaces out for my birthday before. It was $15/hr when I turned 17... But that was a really long time ago, so the prices may have changed. In June, Relay4Life Upland is usually hosted here as well. For such a small city, Upland always has a good turn out rate with this event. During the summer, Magnolia Park hosts a concerts in the park event where there is a featured movie projected onto the wall on Wednesday nights. The Kiwanians of Upland Foothill Kiwanis sell popcorn, nachos, hot dogs, and other snacks at an inexpensive price. Families come with their children and basically picnic for a while before the movie starts. It is definitely a very family oriented event, but you can come with your significant other. Just keep it pg!! When there is not an event going on, the park closes at 10pm. I honestly didn't know this until someone from the Upland Police Dept gave me a verbal warning cause I was there at 9:55pm or something like that. I guess that's a rule to make sure no one is doing anything shady at the park?
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2013,9/26/2014,655,466,33,35,32>me: Hey guys, want to go to ISH Kitchen?co-worker 1: the what kitchen?Me: ISH!coworker 2 : what the heck is that?me: want to do a thirsty Thursday?coworkerS: Alright, lets go!Oh silly co-workers. Haha...A couple of us came to the ISH Kitchen, for their food and some were here for their beer towers. Yes, you heard me right! BEER TOWERS! Looks like this yelp.com/user_local_phot…- Stella Artois ($32) 3L *There are a few selection of beers..from light to dark.As we sat down, there weren't that many people on a weekday and after lunch time. There were at least 5 tables being used and only a lady who was serving and taking orders, oh boy.The 8 of us ordered...yelp.com/user_local_phot…- Shrimp wrapped with bacon - We had to order 2 plates because one plate only has 4. Beh, there goes $5 a plate. It was just okay.yelp.com/user_local_phot…- Ish Wings - Pretty much tasted like sweet soy sauce wings. Nothing biggieyelp.com/user_local_phot…- Angry chicken ( I call it angry bird :P ) - Oh the juiciness of the chicken's thigh! Tastes like something you can make at home, but I think this dish would be perfect if you use the sauce and toss it with pasta. Mhm... delish!yelp.com/user_local_phot…- Shrimp Uni Pasta - Amazingly good! If you tried raw uni before, you know how the texture tastes like, and using that creaminess with pasta, just yums!yelp.com/user_local_phot…- Lemongrass seafood bouillabaisse - co-worker and I thought the lemongrass kind of overpowered the whole dish. If only it was just a pinch of it, it'll taste a bit better. Other than that, it was alright.yelp.com/user_local_phot…- beef tongue, tomatoes linguni - beef tongue was a bit too thin. If only it was cut thicker, that'll be better for the dish.Overall, we were satisfied with our meal. However, the service was slow...because there was only one lady working and who knows how many were working in the kitchen...Recommendation: Shrimp Uni Pasta, Angry chicken and the towerS of beers! :)Yes, the gals and I are planning to come back for their happy hour! Mon-Fri 5:00pm-6:30pm! (so short, I know) Enjoy!
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2014,9/25/2014,209,318,44,26,27>yes. just yes. the 4 stages of pop:1. before class: wish you had remembered to cancel in time so as to avoid getting charged... but dangit its too late now2. during class: COMPLETE REGRET3. after class: pure exhilaration, combined with an invincible feeling of knowing you can take over the world!!!4. next day: you are a gummy person- but an awesome one with a truly awesome butt!
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,9/24/2014,2080,908,32,33,28>I get waxed downtown.*pause* for reaction......get it?Lol that wall decal immediately caught my attention. So damn clever, I wish I came up with it myself. I was obligated to instagram it right away. Anyway, the great thing about working in downtown LA is that everything from bomb food to boutiques is conveniently walking distance! Decided to skip eating one lunch and walk over to Wax Candy for my Brazilian. Amazing amazing amazing job for so damn cheap. $39, quick easy service. HIGHLY recommended, a solid 5 stars, and I am now fully committed to Wax Candy as THEE GO-TO for my waxing necessities.CHECK-IN AND GET 10% OFF!!!
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/9/2013,9/23/2014,1014,399,37,26,23>There once was a time when there were too many wine bars in Pasadena, and I was bemoaning the lack of gastropubs and cocktail lounges.  Well, time marches on and now the only thing that Pasadena has way too much of is pizza places.  MadPort is everything a wine bar should be:  stylish without being slick, comfortable without compromising on service, knowledgeable without being pretentious....in fact, what differentiates MadPort from many similar establishments is its amazing service:  they really want you to love what they love, so won't belittle you if you don't know a pinot from a shiraz, or don't really know how to pronounce Gundlach-Bundschu Gewurztraminer.Although there's never a regular food menu, every time I've been there's been free goodies to go with your drinks (sliders one night, pizza another...).Not into wine???  No worries, because they have a really great selection of micorbrews as well.Not into beer or wine?  Still no problem, because there's always a friendly dose of conversation from either the servers or the diverse patrons.Not into beer, wine or conversation?Alas, perhaps this place is not for you.  But fear not, CAL TECH is just down the street, and my friend is currently working on a theoretical study of gravitational wave generation in the nonlinear strong-field regime that I'm sure you'll find absolutely riveting.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2014,9/22/2014,635,744,23,22,25>My plus-one-in-life and I were driving in Covina one Friday night, and talking about dirty, sketchy dive bars. The kind with old, white, hardened biker men alone with their beers, with old, torn pool tables, bad lighting, and where anyone who looks to be under the age of 60 or dressed nicely gets stares. "Let's find the next one that looks like that, that we drive past, go in, and order a drink," boyfriend suggested. I was game. I saw a flickering neon "Cocktails" sign and said, "THAT ONE!" I was even more excited by the bouncer's "Cool story babe, now make me a sandwich" T-shirt. But once we were inside, we were completely surprised. This place was lively, hip, well-lit and decorated, and full of people having fun. Signs on the wall advertised upcoming events like stand-up comedy and karaoke nights. There was a jukebox full of good 90s jams, a pool table, and comfy seating all around. The bar became more crowded as the night went on. The bartender, whose name we sadly didn't remember, was one of THE NICEST guys you'll ever meet. Even though we were squares in professional work attire, he stopped to chat with us and welcome us personally, as he did with all of the other patrons. He was just a genuinely cool, friendly guy. We meant to stay for a round, but when we got the $8 bar tab for our vodka sprite and vodka red bull, we decided to stay for 2 more rounds because we were having so much fun. And at those drink prices, we would be losing money by not staying and drinking there! Our friend at the bar had a generously heavy hand, too. This was a really fun, laid back bar with exceptionally friendly staff and people. Even the other patrons and girls I ran into in the bathroom were friendly and chill. It's on the way home from work, so I could see is stopping to get a drink on many future Friday nights when we want to unwind. I guess we'll have to keep looking for the dirty dive bar we had set out to find, but this was such a cool spot to happen to come across and I'm glad we did.
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2013,9/21/2014,536,155,15,24,14>On Sundays from 8am-1pm, the Hollywood Farmers' Market is one of the biggest and baddest in the area.Here's my rundown of a typical haul:*What I buy*-Pluots in the summer. An amazing selection, and you can sample before you buy! From $2-3 per pound.-Plants for your DIY at-home garden, from herbs to produce, at amazing prices (generally $1-3 per pot).-Miscellaneous fresh fruits and vegetables.-Garlic spread with sun-dried tomato* from Mom's Specialty Store (3 for $11).*What I eat*-Pupusas were not as cheesy as I'd like them to be.-Rotisserie chicken ($12 for a whole chicken) is a bit dry, and the meat is bland, but it pairs well with the garlic dip* ($4). The seasoned potatoes ($4) roasting in chicken fat are amazing.*Where I park*-Metered street parkingTip:-Go towards the end of the event and you can easily catch some great bargains from vendors who don't want to load their stuff back!*garlic makes the world go 'round
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/5/2014,9/20/2014,390,152,16,20,17>Hidden treasure in San Fernando!The place is literally hidden in the corner of a little shopping square.For $26, we have the following delicious dishes:Half dozen oyster 4 fish tacosCevicheTostada mixta Best cheap eats I've had in a long time! It was a fiesta.  I'd totally come back again!
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,9/19/2014,1147,1224,22,24,27>I wish Colonia wasn't so far away!I heard about this place through foodie instagrammers that I follow and I finally was sort of in the area last Friday and checked it out for dinner. The menu is on a chalkboard on the wall and it's quite huge and overwhelming. You order at a counter and they bring your food to you. Though there's minimal interaction, I had a good feeling about the people and service here. All it takes is a friendly smile :-)Husband and I ordered 5 tacos for about $20. The prices here are a bit high ($3-$5 each), so I ordered a few cheaper ones to balance out the total price.Pork n pumpkinFishPollo tesmoleChicharronLenguaI loved their handmade tortillas, very soft and had a nice chewiness. All of the tacos were unique with bold flavors. We ended up eating them with a fork to make it easier to share. There's a nice amount of fillings, so they can be messy if you try to pick them up. A couple of hours later we were hungry, it felt like more of an appetizer than a meal to me, but the quality and taste was enough for me to not mind having room for more. I hope I can go again soon!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2014,9/18/2014,344,167,25,28,26>Awesome boutique-style Thai restaurant with a great page of lunch specials (all include white or brown rice and a side salad with yummy dressing), friendly service and acres of free parking behind the restaurant.  The curries are a hit and, if you save room, there is a red velvet cake slice with your name on it.  The crowd is Cal Tech x10; I think Albert Einstein sat next to me at the communal table last week.  Sir, you know who you are.  These independently owned restaurants are what make small cities like Pasadena so wonderful.  So, forget Cheesecake Factory today, and head east to Daisy Mint.  You are going to have a fantastic lunch.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,9/17/2014,533,450,37,50,47>=FINAL VERDICT=I'm spoiling myself with fantastic coffee at Demitasse!  Definitely a place I'm going to explore more of the next time I return to Little Tokyo!=Coffee=Iced Kyoto Coffee - Wow.  Seriously...wow.  What a good cup of coffee.  Smooth, rich, and such a bold, unique sour taste.  You can taste the quality and effort put into carefully brewing this delicious cold drink.  I especially loved the little pot it came in!  According to their sign: "Kyoto twins are designed to drip cold water very slowly onto ground coffee (about 42 drops per minute), resulting in a...cup of iced coffee that almost tastes like brandy."  Mmm...honestly, I didn't taste brandy.  However, If you're looking for a bold, rich, smooth, and unique tasting cup of iced coffee, get this!=SERVICE=Dodo's like my boyfriend and I had no idea what would be the best option for us.  We stood there like dumbos, but the barista noticed that right away.  He immediately asked us what we were into (drink wise) and kindly offered up some suggestions for us.=TIP=1 hour free parking with validation RIGHT NEXT TO Demitasse.  Boyfriend and I didn't know...we went with meter parking on the streets.
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/25/2014,9/16/2014,3540,382,27,31,31>Cute little restaurant owned by a young husband and wife. I ordered the Summer Delight salad and it was delicious. It had shredded chicken, various greens, feta cheese, cranberries etc. I posted a picture to Yelp as well. The salad was tasty and serving size was not your typical family style salad that you can share with others. For me, it was too small, but for 90% of the rest of the population should be fine.I ordered their iced tea and this was what hit the spot with me. I asked what the flavor was and the owner stated Earl Grey with cinamon and cloves. Very refreshing! I must have chugged down 6 glasses of iced tea.The prices are expensive. My salad was $15. Price was not justified by any organic or GMO-free ingredients therefore I reduced from 4 stars to 3 stars. For $15 I would expect higher end ingredients and if they do use them, they should advertise it because it was unknown to me.They have mostly salads and sandwiches here. Plenty to choose from and all mostly within the $11-$18 range.Service is classy and sophisticated. The decor looks like the dining room of a rich grandparents house. It's not bad, but it is also feels a little too much like someone's home, instead of dining out. This is just my taste, so there is no rating deductions for this.Great place to try out and see for yourself.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,9/15/2014,718,358,14,19,19>-Urban Death's Review- -Play Only, No Maze-Z.J.U. WHAT?!The location won't have any flashy sign for Zombie Joe's Underground. Luckily, the address is right on the door along with Z.J.U. If you see those two, you are at the right place!-Door promptly opens at 8pm-Free street parking is available after 6pm-Pay in advance (zombiejoes.tix.com/Sched…) or at the door-Get in line early to secure at seat (7:45pm recommended)-Alternative, bring a pillow to sit on if you're late (Floor Seating)What to expect:-Nudity-Fears-Taboo-Worst Nightmares-Sexual Content-GoreI will not spoil any of the scenes, but expect your senses to be tested and having  taboos you tend to avoid and displace to be up front and personal. Great acting and transitional acts, thumbs up!
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2014,9/14/2014,543,219,22,31,31>Los Angeles has a plethora of museums dispersed throughout the city and county. However, one of the best museums that will inspire children to take an interest in all fields of science is The California Science Center (CSC)! This the perfect place to help deepen a child's understanding of their environment within the air, land, and sea. Over time, CSC has gone through many changes, resulting in the development of this phenomenal facility. Live animals such as birds, reptiles, and sea creatures reside within their man made habitats. Many of the exhibits are hands on and go beyond pushing a button to see what will happen next. Children often form a hypothesis prior to interacting with an exhibit! The conversations afterward are enough to bring a tear to your eye. Kids have so many questions and they might end up conducting some research if you're unable to provide them with a sufficient response. This is how you know that a child is inquisitive enough to take control of their own learning!I also really like how CSC has reached out to the community to educate their members even further.  They offer incredible professional development courses to help teachers and parents refine their craft. Also, LAUSD recently added a charter school to their facility! Although I don't endorse charter schools, let's not forget that children in this neighborhood need a well-developed curriculum that helps them become life-long learners. CSC also houses one of NASA's greatest gifts, Endeavour! Yes you should purchase your tickets in advance but chances are that if you don't buy your tickets to reserve a time slot, you'll still view it before you leave.You can spend at least 5 hours exploring around CSC and still feel the need to return on another occasion. However, when you revisit the facility months later, don't be alarmed to see new additions as this place is ever so changing!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,9/13/2014,480,342,21,17,21>Well played Lisa Vanderpump....She and her partners have managed to create a hip restaurant with a crazy buzz, keeping it both relevant AND maintaining the service and quality of the food.  I will say that my daughter and I both felt like we were waiting to get on the Jungle Boat ride at Disneyland from our table in the garden (my daughter who's much younger obviously was more Indiana Jones than Jungle Boat, but you get the picture).I made reservations on Open Table about eight weeks ago just for kicks since we record the show.  We showed up on Friday and were greeted by the friendly host staff who offered to seat us early or the option of hitting the bar...of course we had to check out who was tending the bar, so we walked over and were served Cadillac Margaritas by none other than Tom Sandoval....and damn if he doesn't make a killer marg.  The lounge side of the restaurant is quite small.  It's darkly lit with tables lining the walls and at 7pm was packed with patrons dripping with hipness mixed in with Hollywood tourists looking for their favorite reality TV stars.After a drink, we asked to be seated and were led to the garden where we noted Kristen was working a large party.  It took me a minute to even realize we were in the garden.  The tree covering the area is so tall and lush, it almost covers the area like a roof.  It blew my mind how many times Kristen was asked to squeeze into booths to take pictures with the guests.  That seems like such an alien thing to do....even my daughter thought it was a strange act.We were served by a waiter named Matt who was very attentive.  I had a special....Chilean Sea Bass which was probably the best Sea Bass....I think I've ever had.  I had sides of steamed spinach and brussels.  My daughter had the skirt steak and my G had some kind of chicken.  All us were exceptionally happy with our entrees.  We also ordered the cheese balls (goat cheese), and the dumplings.  I didn't partake, but I hear they were quite delicious. My daughter ordered the berry cobbler for dessert which came with three huge scoops of ice cream on top...again, I didn't have any.  G and my daughter plowed through it, so let's just say A++.We didn't see Lisa, but we did see her male partner...can't remember his name.  When we left, my daughter saw Jax (sp?? which made her night).   For some awful reason, she finds him attractive. I met him once at The Roosevelt....wasn't impressed.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2014,9/12/2014,234,89,14,24,17>I've been looking for a really good non-chain char-broil place in the Chino Valley for a couple of years now without much success until I happened upon Super Chili Burgers.  As I walked in for the first time on a late Sunday morning I noted char-broiled smoke billowing from the vent on the roof and waiting area packed with patrons waiting to place their orders.  There was a fire engine parked out front and the crew was inside eating which I took as a good sign.  Fire fighters always know the good places.  I gave the place a once over while I was waiting to place my order and studying the menu.  Small but very efficient kitchen, small dining clean dining room and a patio.  Did I mention the large crowd?  Another thing I noticed while waiting was that the staff knew just about everyone who was ordering order eating there by name.  The owner/manger was busy delivering food to the people waiting at tables and greeting them warmly as he did so.   I made it to the counter and placed my order.  Since this was my I ordered my standard by which I evaluate all burger places.  Double cheese burger with fried egg and onion rings.  As I paid for my meal I asked if I needed a number or if they needed my name and I was told just to have a seat and they would bring it to me when it was ready.  Nice touch they look at their customers and remember who ordered what.I found a table a good view of the the action and watched.  I didn't have to wait long before my food was delivered.  The order was correct and food looked delicious.  First bite and I was not disappointed.  The burger was juicy and prepared just right.  Onion rings were crispy, hot and with just the right amount of ahhh how should I say it...  grease.  The portion was so large that is had to served in a separate container.  Everything was just as I like it and I will be back.Update 7/3/2014:  It was recently pointed out to me that my comment "Nice touch they look at their customers and remember who ordered what" may have implied something other than what I was trying construe and it concerned me.  I want to be clear that I genuinely respect the customer service acumen of the people who make Super Chili Burger and make it special place.   Good food and good service it's easy to say but hard to find.  Super Chili Burger do both with style.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,9/11/2014,433,292,12,29,23>I took the entry level machine class taught by Hailey, and I thought it was great! The class was very structured, and by the end of the course, every student had made a useable tote bag.The first hour was an introduction to the parts of the machine and details about fabric and thread. Hailey walked around and checked up on each student and his/her machine, and this was helpful because the majority of the class brought her own machine and everyone had different models. Although this method created down time, it was very useful to those who had their own machine. After the lecture portion, we students received  practical instruction. Hailey demonstrated how to fill a bobbin, thread the machine, and sew using zig zag and straight lines; and then we were allowed to practice those steps. The cost of the class included all the tools we needed and the fabric, which was great; so all we students had to focus on was practicing. The third portion of the class was to move on from practicing and to actually make a tote. Hailey and an assistant walked around and made sure each student was doing okay, and by the end of class, everyone had made a good-looking tote. We all came in at different levels, but it was amazing that we all succeeded. I credit this to the individualized help.Overall, I thought this class was fun and worth the cost ($55 which includes the supplies).
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,9/10/2014,595,416,18,21,21>I came here for the first time after a few friends told me about this place.  Yes, I actually took the extra drive away from my neck of the woods just to specifically come here to try out their steaks.My answer is a Yes, this place is awesome!  It was a bit hard to find especially when there is heavy traffic on Colima Road.  After you park and walk in, it is located in the plaza's food court.  The lady at the counter was really nice.  She told us that the Rib Eye is the most popular steak to order.  So we ordered a Rib Eye Steak, and a Steak Fillet cooked at medium.  The steak was huge and it costs around $13.00 which I thought is a bargain for the size of it.  It wasn't dry, and it was cooked perfectly as the Rib Eye was served with black pepper sauce and your choice of spaghetti or rice with a fried egg in the middle.  The  Steak Fillet was served in garlic sauce and also with your choice of spaghetti or rice with a fried egg.  The food came within ten minutes.  It was served with garlic bread which was also delicious, a side salad with Thousand Island dressing which was good, a cup of cream of corn soup, and a cup of water.  We sat in the main food court's dining area right in front of a television to watch a sports game.  The lady who took our order also served us, and she made sure everything was fine before she left.  This was a perfect afternoon having a nice piece of steak in front of a TV.   And to top it off, the food was inexpensive and you don't need to tip because technically there are no waiters and waitresses since the whole food court shares the dining area.Yep, I look forward to coming back here again soon.  It was worth the drive from San Gabriel.  Their menu has nothing but steaks.  So if you are hungry and broke, and want a good meal... this is the place to go! Definitely five stars... and there is nothing fancy about Four Seasons.
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2014,9/9/2014,1443,479,23,35,30>Ripping the heads off of 3 lbs of shrimp and 2 lbs of crawfish and corn on the cob all sloshed in shebang seasoning should be how every Monday night ends!! The crawfish are good. I think they are winning me over over the shrimp. The corn is exceptionally satisfying. I had two pieces at $.75/each, but I could've easily eaten 1 or two more. The wait for a table on a Monday was incredibly long...45-60 minutes. Small restaurant. And people tend to camp out with the work needed to peel and shred their meal apart. A lot of people call their orders in for carry out. You will get your hands dirty. You will want to avoid wearing white here. You might want to bring a hair tie ladies. You can sit at the bar while you wait and order beer, soda, water and appetizers only. The only alcohol they serve is beer.The Calamari was pretty good. They served it with a small dish of hot sauce. Kind of wanted cocktail type sauce instead. Parking: Sucks. They have a tiny private lot, but I wouldn't park in it. Look for street parking. Residential parking is okay until really late in the morning. Just double check the signs.
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2014,9/8/2014,480,152,19,21,26>Chengdu Taste is good if you:-Have a high tolerance for extremely spicy food.-Have built a combination of bravery, habit, and body metabolism for foods that make you shed tears. -Have the patience to wait to be seated. Street parking only. Better if you speak Chinese.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2014,9/7/2014,1538,871,12,21,17>Glad to see another restaurant open up in the area, especially one with so much potential. It is a good wide open design with very tall ceilings. They also have a good amount of outdoor seating. There are also enough televisions to make it a good spot to catch a game.I ordered the breast combo with duck fat fries and cole slaw. The fries were just ok, but their ketchup made them better. The cole slaw was good. It had a good mustard heavy flavor. The chicken breast was great. It was boneless. The chicken its self has great flavor and the chocolate covered crust adds even more great flavor. I added a bacon biscuit because I just had to try it. The biscuit was great. Their butter makes it even better. This is a must.They also have a good drink menu. I ordered the Angie After 11pm. It was tasty. If you are a Mexcal fan you will love this.We certainly will go back.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,9/6/2014,349,413,22,19,18>Confident Industriel! Two years this restaurant has been open and only a block away from where I live that I can't believe it's taken me so long to eat here. My friend and I were getting ready for a spa day last Sunday but thought we'd jump start the morning-ish with a Bloody Mary. I've been wanting to go to Industriel for quite some time and vaguely remember someone mentioning their Bloody Mary's were good, unless it was my willing imagination, that I gave them a call to confirm they indeed did sell Bloody Mary's. The gentleman on the phone responds, "We have THE BEST Bloody Mary's!" His confidence had me SOLD. We were immediately welcomed when we walked in and sat at the bar. "Two Bloody Mary's, please." Dan, our bartender, also let us know about the Brunch punch (basically Sangria) but our minds were set. What makes their Bloody Mary's  (also called Farmer's Massacre) so unique here is everything is made in-house. The tomato sauce had been pureed and the veggies served with our Bloody Mary were pickled. But not just your average pickle; I tasted hints of spices like Cinnamon. Innovative. Dan then poured us a sample of the Brunch Punch and then I was sold (again). No more BM's for me. I was going straight for the punch! We weren't planning on drinking that much nor did we plan to eat, but Dan was the man! He was awesome to talk to and Industriel's concept was intriguing. Our supposed one drink turned into three, and "No, we just ate breakfast" turned into more pickled veggies and the MOST delicious baked egg brunch meal. There were so many layers to the baked egg. I swear I could taste hints of harissa spice in the sauce, fennel seeds in the meatballs...there were so many elements that made this so damn good! Dan said he was fairly new but the way he turned our one drink experience into a mini-brunch is pretty awesome. Nice way to drive up sales with your confidence. I'll go back again because every time his recommendations were right on the money!
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,9/5/2014,940,264,24,29,29>While having a 20 minute debate where to eat, we decided to try out Haidilao Hot Pot since we were already there in the Santa Anita Westfield mall. When we walked through those immaculately cleaned doors, we were both like wth? This place is so...fancy. lol. We were told it would be only a 10-15 minute wait, which was understandable since it was dinner time. While we waited in the lovely, very well air conditioned room watching ESPN [on a tv much nicer than the one I own], a very kind server named Kevin came by and offered us fruits and this yummy tofu skin appetizer. Already I was impressed with Haidilao. I've never been treated so well at any restaurant in this area lol.Once the (equally as nice) hostess said she would seat us and our server [wait, what was the name? oops, sorry!] would be right with us, we politely asked if we could request Kevin. She said of course no problem and we were taken care of by the same server who had already been taking care of us. To add to the element of the fanciness of Haidilao, their entire menu/ordereing is done on an iPad. We ordered [way too much]:Sichuan Spicy Soup Base & Seafood Soup BaseBeef Combo Platter (comes with veggies)Seafood PlatterSnack Fried Rice with Eggmore Tofu Skin appetizerDancing Noodles -which we later cancelled because we were so fullPitcher of Watermelon Juice -free with yelp checkin!Everything was so yummy! Especially in the Sichuan Soup Base -great recommendation from Kevin! I really loved everything about this place. Ambiance, customer service (Kevin & Jojo were ahhhmazing the entire meal), food, price, and dessert. For dessert they brought out a scoop of green tea ice-cream for Jax and a full on fruit platter for me. I'm talking serious business with this fruit platter. No cantaloupe, grapes, and some honeydew crap, this bad boy had lychee, watermelon, grapes, and etc. For $50ish we like royalty, with Kevin and Jojo in charge, we were treated like royalty. If management is reading, go hug those two, they're the best.
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,9/4/2014,872,217,21,31,48>The pulse of this city lies beneath the streets. These tracks are the veins of Los Angeles. You are sadly mistaken if you still think it's the mess of concrete freeways that defines this city's soul. If you want to feel L.A., go underground. You'll discover what I was missing too. I realized last night that I am a driver. I am embarrassed by this and I truly hope that it wasn't too evident to my fellow riders. My senses were so excited last night. The speed of the train. The screech of the tracks. The smell. The splash of colors that flowed into the car every time the doors slid open. All this time, I've been above, windows rolled up, NPR/music blaring...CONTAINED. In my safe little world. Away from the people. The people.The Lovers. The tired ladies wearing flats with their work heels in their totes. The students.The Suits.The tripped out kid teasing and poking at the nearest unfortunate button. The 'Round the Way girls. The head bobbin' guys listening to music from their earphones. The rotund man blaring a favorite Jill Scott melody from an amazingly crisp boom box. How did he know I love that song. It was so perfectly fitting for our night. He and I did take a long walk around the park, after dark. That's when the forces collide. When everything is so damn perfect. And there I sat. Taking it all in. My city. My people. My life.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2014,9/3/2014,1686,389,14,29,21>Dine in, Take out & Delivery. It's Pizza by the Slice ... PIZZANISTA!!All of their pizzas are made in-house and by hand. They use locally-grown produce, and humanely-raised meats and eggs whenever possible. COOL!!My favorite pizza so far has to be the: Prosciutto & Arugula - Tomato sauce, mozzarella, la quercia prosciutto americano, fresh arugula, shaved grana padano, lemon and olive oil $26 for a 18" pizza. MMmmm!!My next mission is to try the: Goat Cheese & Fresh Spinach: mozzarella, grana padano, goat cheese, kalamata olives, fresh spinach, & red onions. Sounds heavenly =)For you vegans out there, you can substitute any of their salads to vegetarian or vegan. They also have vegan cheese if you fancy. o and they deliver within a 2 mile radius ($2.50 delivery surcharge) ..yay!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,9/2/2014,478,150,19,18,23>There was a time I used to HATE my hair. No, I mean that. I mean, I really HATED my hair. Yes. I know that hate is a strong word, but there were times that I thought of shaving off my hair so I didn't have to deal with it anymore!There was a time when I had a wonderful hair stylist, but then he moved on to work with only celebrities. That made me sad, because he was awesome. Then, I tried going to different hair stylists per friends' recommendations and Yelp. I mean, how hard could cutting hair be, right? Well, it could prove to be a little tricky if the hair that needed cutting was mine. You see, I have A LOT of hair and it's very thick. And over the years, it has morphed into a thing that needs serious taming. A comment, which my hippie mom considers to be a complement, "Oh, your hair looks so natural!", which to me translates to Amazon woman hair!  My hair even reminds me a lot of Cathy, the old comic strip character. So, to appease my sanity, I would put my hair up in a pony tail or a bun, just so that it would be out of the way!AND, when I finally did try different hair stylists, they would basically butcher my hair! They used thinning scissors, which gave me so many split ends! I looked as though I had mange! Often, I would go home crying after visiting the salon. But then I would appease myself by saying that at least my hair would grow out again.  One of my dear friends, who took pity on my directed me to Christina. It was like the heavens opened up! O, what sheer joy! This woman must use magic sheers for she has transformed my hair from being a mangy mess into being silky, healthy, and tres chic! I get compliments on my hair ALL the time. I always tell it's because of Christina. And, not only does she make my hair look amazing, she teaches me how to properly take care of my hair. Remember when I mentioned how I got so many split ends? Well, Christina says that using thinning scissors actually damages hair, creating split ends. Instead, she uses hair cutting sheers, and it's all about technique. I'm always learning something new from her. What I also love about Christina is the attention she spends on cutting my hair. She really makes sure that it looks incredible. And while cutting my hair, we have so much to talk about, which really puts me at ease, considering I have anxiety about my hair. Seriously, this woman is a cut above the rest!
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,9/1/2014,660,307,24,33,31>Today is their first day (soft opening)! How did I get so lucky?Service is great! The fiancé doesn't know his coffee and the girl working was happy to explain each in detail. They even have almond milk to go with their coffee - I'm in love!!! Their coffee cups have their own already-attached sleeves, cool!The Mexican chocolate pie is dense with dark chocolate and a heavy vanilla/coffee whip! It's so rich that I only ate 1/3 and had to take the rest home. A dessert that will keep my sweet tooth satisfied for 2 more sittings? Yay me!
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,8/31/2014,400,253,28,33,32>****Nice trail for beginners****Our lil hiking group "Wolfpack" came here for one of our weekend hikes. Gabrielino Trail is a nice shady trail, great for the summer when it gets super hot. It was a pretty easy hike behind JPL with some serene views. There are a few stream crossings so if you have a hard time walking on logs I suggest u bring poles or if you don't mind getting wet you can walk right through the streams. Our group of 8 breezed right through this trail. We only stopped a couple times to take some quick pics. If you need to use the potty there are some outhouse style restrooms about two miles in at the Gould Mesa Campground. Beware the smell is pretty bad.All in all this is a great trail for beginners being a pretty straight trail with minimal incline.
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/28/2014,8/30/2014,731,629,27,32,31>Wow. Filipino Food? Where have you been all my life? I apologize for cheating on you with DA Chinese, Korean, Japanese, Thai, and even sometimes the Vietnamese food. Yeeeeah, I'm gonna say that this trip to LA Rose Cafe officially counts as my 1st trip to an authentic Filipino restaurant. Sad I know.. Though, hopefully this review will make up for lost time. Location: It's on Fountain! Parking: Park on the street. Don't be a dumb-ass and park at the Wendy's. They have a security guard there who will make sure that you don't go anywhere else *Ahem Ahem*Seating: Ample. Ambiance: It's got that old school feel.. The interior kinda reminds of a Carrow's. HAHA. Food: They have everything from the traditional Filipino Dishes like Adobo, Tocino, Lumpia, and of course Halo Halo Bro. In addition, they also have "Western Friendly" items for the non-Asian. Tocino: Probably one of the most tastiest things I've had in a while.. OH WAIT. I JUST WENT TO MARUGAME MONZO the night prior. Nevermind! However, doesn't take away from the tastiness from what I just ate. JY special: Garlic Brown Rice, Egg Whites, and Tocino (Bbq Pork). It was my 1st time eating Tocino and it reminded me of Cha Siu Pork. Thai Ice Tea: It tasted a bit different from traditional Thai Ice tea but not by much. Also, FREE REFILLS! Amazing Halo-Halo: Traditional Filipino dessert. This ain't your traditional Jollibee's shit either. THIS IS THE REAL DEAL. If you've never had it, it's similar to Korean PATBINGSOO. Though, I liked this much better. I'm a big fan of Ube Ice cream (Purple yam) Service: Very attentive and sweet. Thank you to the nice server *The only thing that stopped me from giving this place 5 stars was an exchange I had with the owner... I chalk it up to him being just TOO friendly. However, I was just a bit put off by the barrage of question after question.. *Where did you come from?*Where do you live?*What do you do for a living?*Where are you going after this? *How do you guys all know each other? *There is something to be said about an owner who is friendly with their customers but I felt at times the questioning felt more like I was at an interview or an interrogation. I'm sure that was not the owner's intention though that was the end result of the conversation. Sitting at our table while asking these questions made it even worse and since it was our 1st time sitting there, I was a bit annoyed at the forwardness of the whole experience. I'm there to eat and enjoy the food with my company not be grilled with 21 questions...**Overall, an extremely tasty experience at LA Rose Cafe. It's definitely a hidden gem and please keep it on your radar for amazing Filipino eats! Trust that I will be back in here... Big ups to the homies YOUNG RICH L. and the J Yang crew. J to the Y.
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,8/29/2014,2310,316,23,29,28>It is difficult to stay away from comparing Maude to Trois Mec.  So I will just start with it. Both establishments are concept restaurants imagined by celebrity chef ( Curtis Stone / Ludo) with seating for about 25 guests.  Both have highly skilled chefs preparing modern dishes based on seasonal and local ingredients. Both have trained their wait staffs to face the LA foodies. Both have gorgeous decors and a clear and unique theme. Both are $75 per person before taxes and tips. Both offer interesting wine pairing. Both have ( or will have...) a challenging reservation system ( phone only versus prebooking only). But in the end, these restaurants are drastically different and provide a completely original dinning experience...No major sign indicates the entrance door of Maude. Only a large cursive M. Stepping-in feels like entering a quaint and warm inn at dusk when the sunlight turns orange and color the world in ochre. The dinning room is small and quiet. The music is relaxing. For a second, images of green countryside fields come to mind until the Maitre D' brings you to your table and the fast talking pace of the waiter reminds you that you are in LA. The dishes in the cupboards and tables are antiques and add to the countryside feel.February was Citrus month. Each dish incorporates citrus as an ingredient. It is a challenge for the chefs and feels a little bit like an exercise of style or the Iron chef competition. Maude will feature a new seasonal ingredient every month. ( if you do not like artichoke skip March).Either a waiter, the maitre D' , the head chef or the pastry chef come to the table to present each dish. Some are better than other at bringing the dish to life. It is supposed to be about 9 dishes but with the amuse bouches and mignardises it is close to 15!The Amuse bouches line-up one after another in a firework of flavors, textures and combination of hot and cold. It is not clear when they end and when the appetizers start.Amuse Bouches:Lime Ice cream sorbet : Palate cleanser before the meal brought by the pastry chef. It would have been better with alcohol and brough in the middle of the meal as a "trou normand" Oyster and Caviar: Beautifully seasoned and opened oyster with caviarGougere: Puff pastry with cheese and asparagus mixed in the dough. It was light and warm.Onion Bhaji: small onion fritter flavored with indian spicesCrispy Mussel: An amazing fried mussel on the shell with a perfect crunch and seafood taste.The appetizers wereGarden Salad: Small Pearl Onion , buttermilk and nasturtium (type of watercresses) . Simple and clean.Carrot Soup: Smoked Parsnip, Orange ,Serrano ham ( spanish cured ham), so much flavors were packed into the small soup. Smoke, sweet, fat. DeliciousLobster: Crudo with Crimson Turnip, Radish, and small brioche at the bottom. An amazing and different way to serve lobster. It was simple in taste but effictiveTerrine: Chicken terrine with chunks of meat with crispy Pain perdu and fresh mustard. A rustic dish from the Australian countryside.Duck Duck Goose: Duck egg , smoked goose fat ,swiss chard for this delicious ravioli with a sharp citrus/ pickle taste. The dish screams umami from every bite. It is rich and creamy. It could have been perfect...without the citrus.The Main Dish was:A Snake River Farm's Kobe Beef cheek and filet with broccoli and potato rosti and turnip. It was a beautiful and succulent dish. The cheek was soft and tender, full of juice. Paired with the turnip it gave a comforting feel to the dish. On the other side the filet and rosti shined by their perfection: Lean tender filet on compact potatoes. A perfect plate. The sauce and small broccoli brushed the final touch on this master piece.Cheese course: Abbaye de Belloc:A French Pyrenees sheep's milk cheese with  Mostarda (candied fruit in mustard flavored syrup), and Semolina Crackers. This semi-hard cheese was shaved table side and combined really well with the citrus mostarda.Desserts:Miniature Madeleines with citrus flavored creme anglaise. The madeleines' size was unbelievable. The pastry chef must have ordered or made custom molds as they were so small. They looked like little frogs ready to jump in the bowl of creme anglaise.Lemon Curd: Dulcey Cremeux (creamy valrhona white chocolate), with a Yuzu sorbet and hempseed. Excellent and visually stunning dessert. The construction was like a sculpture with harmonious bends and curves, easing the scooping and mouth melting. Tray of migniardises : Pate de Fruit, Chocolate Truffles, etc. A neat end of the meal.Upon signing the check, we were presenting with a goodbye gift. A small jar or Lemon curd and a mini brioche. A beautiful gesture and a great way to remember later, back at home, a fantastic meal.Find me back for tomatoes and truffle months!
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2014,8/28/2014,399,83,20,21,22>As a person who's non-photogenic, it was rough trying to find a photographer who would take great photos with someone who doesn't necessarily like taking pictures.  I was so lucky to find David and Jody, because they're truly two of the most incredible photographers (and people) I have ever had the opportunity to work with.  From the first meeting, David was welcoming, informative, and made us feel very comfortable.  We checked out his previous work via their website at randrphotography.com and through his albums at his location.David really goes over the value of having two photographers and staying with you all day, and this proved to be one of the best decisions we made.  We had so many beautiful photos from all angles, because we had a family team with us.  The first time we were photographed, David and Jody met us in Malibu at Paradise Cove.  Surprisingly, my (now) husband and my rigidity disappeared, and David & Jody made it a really fun experience for both of us.  After taking a few shots, the husband and wife duo would walk over and show us a sneak peek of the breathtaking photos they took.  I am still amazed at how incredible those photos came out.Fast forward to the wedding--David met me at the Hyatt (where my bridesmaids and I were getting ready) while Jody and their son were at Robinson Ranch with my husband.  David took a few photos of us getting ready, and off we went to the venue.  The Ross family took photos of every moment of our day, from the first look to the last dance.  It's true when people tell you that your wedding day flashes right before your eyes, and I'm eternally grateful that I had the best photographers there to capture every moment and every emotion of that day.I highly recommend R & R Photography not only for their beautiful photos, but for their professionalism and their wonderful personalities.  Thank you, David and Jody!
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,8/27/2014,345,235,40,30,38>S-- top it, you know you're my favorite. You knowT-- hat I just can't get enough ofU-- r delicious Cold Brew.  I try and M-- ake it there every chance I get. I P-- romise.  Maybe it's all T-- he shiny machines behind the register keep meO-- h so intrigued.  Baby, Handsome Coffee isW-- eak.  They don't have milk alternatives like you.  N-- o, I can't be exclusive.  You're the best, but this is LA.
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,8/26/2014,441,227,22,34,28>Finally something to brag about in Covina... Pastrami pizza! I got one of those flyers in the mail or on my doorstep or something and the giant M caught my eye. For some reason I ended up saving that thing and here I am....eating pastrami pizza...The price is very reasonable at $10 for a medium. I don't even think I could get a medium cheese pizza at round table for that price so extra star for making it affordable.As for the pizza, it's amazing! Tastes like an extremely large, delicious sandwich. Nice touch with the mustard pizza sauce & pickles. That ties it all together.I took a picture of my pizza and showed it to my jefe who asked me to bring one all the way to Pasadena for him!Needless to say, I will be back...just hopefully not too often as pastrami is highly unhealthy.Note: they don't take AMEX. In fact, the cashier was shocked when she ran my card and they didn't accept it and then asked me tons of questions about what it was, LOL.
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2014,8/25/2014,290,124,41,43,44>You want BOMB ASS GELATO? NO POBLANO! ...that was a play on "no problemo" in case you didn't get it. Poblano is one of Uli's super creative yet surprisingly delicious flavors. Yeah, okay, I know that was lame -.-This place makes the CREAMIEST AND SMOOTHEST GELATO EVER, without sacrificing any lightness. Uli really knows what she's doing.Highly recommend the following:- SPECULOOS COOKIES: if you haven't had these cookies, you're missing out in life. Now if you skip on this flavor, YOU'RE MISSING OUT EVEN MORE.- SEA SALT CARAMEL: finally a version where the caramel is not overshadowing the sea salt! You'll find that the sea salt is very pronounced here. - RASPBERRY SORBET: so creamy and smooth, you'd be wondering if this was gelato instead of sorbet. And it's SO raspberry. Just do it.- POBLANO: pepper-flavored milk gelato. I know, it sounds weird, but somehow it works, and it works REALLY, REALLY well.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,8/24/2014,606,426,16,21,21>Tasty Italian food at a very appetizing price! // LOCATION // Somewhat sketch area of DTLA.// PARKING // $5 flat rate fee next door// WAIT // Came 30 min before closing on a Friday night and only waited 10 minutes. Be careful coming too close to closing though, they may start to turn people away.// SERVICE // Everyone's reviews about the security guard are hilariously spot on. He doubles as a host, bouncer, and receptionist. When I called, he picked up the phone and told me he would be unable to seat us if we came too close to closing, but graciously allowed me to place my name on the waiting list. He is also in charge of seating people. Hilarious.Our waiter, Giorgio, was so sweet and attentive. I can see how on a very busy night, the service may be rushed, but since we came so close to closing and the place was emptying out, Giorgio was very charming and kind.// FOOD //     + Burrata: Served with marinated and grilled veggies. The burrata tasted so fresh and was so soft. I would have wanted a little less olive oil though which was drowning out the well-flavored veggies.     + Agnolotti: Loved the pesto-y sauce this was served in and the osso bucco filling was so flavorful and tender.      + Bigoli: The noodles were ridiculously firm and al dente in a good/very fresh pasta way. It was laden with little morsels of sausage. The meat serving was so generous, I had a heap at the bottom of my bowl when I was done slurping up all of the noodles.     + Flan: Fresh and soft flan that was not overly sweet. Perfect sweet bite to end a scrumptious meal at Maccheroni.The food is fresh, the prices are ridiculously reasonable (2 entrees, appetizer, and dessert ~$45). Maccheroni, I will definitely be back!
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,8/23/2014,105,469,38,12,13>Damn, to be twenty-something and cool again.  As a thirty-something, I am inherently old and lame.  When I walk into this bar, I feel the weight of my age and fuddy-duddyness bearing down upon my shoulders.  This place is filled with super cool young people who are doing cool things like smoking cigarettes and talking loudly about matters of little consequence.  For example, there was this one girl who said: "OMG, I smoked so much fucking pot the other day!  And my dad was all like, 'Why are you eyes red?'  And I was all like, 'I don't know.'  OMG"  Hey, stupid girl, move out of your house so you can smoke pot in peace.  Have some decency.  See?  I'm old.  But yeah, apart from my own insecurities, this place is radical.  There is a good selection of games and pinball machines.  The space is wide open, so you don't feel claustrophobic even though it's super popular.  The drinks are super pricey, but that's what you get for the cool ambience.  If you're gonna take a date here, keep in mind that it'll cost you a pretty penny.  But hey, you don't want to seem like a cheap bastard, right?  Girls don't like that.  Trust me.  "Hey, honey, why don't we pound a six pack in my car before we go inside?"  Yeah,  Epic fail.Also, go early.  If you get there too late there'll be a line outside.  If you go early, you can leave early and then make fun of all the stupid people who got there late and have to stand around outside.  Jerks.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,8/22/2014,1341,470,27,35,34>Came here by the recommendation of friends who work down on Melrose - they swore this place made amazing sandwiches so I was tempted to try them out. Apparently they produce fresh bread every 20 minutes and I was lucky enough to have one made with bread that had just come out the oven. The crunch factor was incredible! They have seriously perfected their bread. If you're into textures this will seriously hit the spot. Loved all the fixings their "Godfather" sandwich came with - Spicy Capocollo, Mortadella, Prosciutto di Parma, Ham, Genoa Salami and Provolone with mustard, mayo, hot peppers, and italian dressing. Talk about deliciousness!!! Prices are reasonable, portions are generous, service was top notch. Will definitely be introducing my fellow sandwich lovers to this joint.
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/27/2014,8/21/2014,707,1492,19,28,22>If you see a restaurant with "Pig" in the name you must eat there.  I have followed this rule and it has never let me down...across the nation.I had a taste for BBQ and found The Hungry Pig on Yelp.  After reading a few reviews I knew it was BBq with a twist.We all loved it and really enjoyed the spin on traditional BBQ.  The baby back ribs and the mac & cheese were the most straight-forward items and they were delicious.  The curry potatoes were a hit as well.  The pulled pork was great.  As for the brisket I prefer traditional sliced brisket over the shredded brisket they serve but it was still very good.The eggplant salad took everyone by surprise - intense and almost effervescent...we didn't know what to make of it...it hit my taste buds and caused confusion...in a good way.I would definitely go back.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/20/2014,1378,632,22,27,29>I'm immediately skeptical of food establishments located on the Sunset Strip.  Sceney and touristy might do it for some, but I'm all about the food. I also wasn't sure what to make of the whole idea of "dim sum" carts in a restaurant branded as modern American cuisine.  This was either going to be really cool or really gimmicky and cheesy. But the 4.5 stars on yelp months after being open and hundreds of reviews later intrigued me enough to give it a shot.  First of all - make reservations.  We tried to go on a Friday night without reservations and were basically laughed out the door.  The next time I wanted to go, I tried to make reservations on opentable which told me that there were no tables available all weekend. But I called and was able to get a table the next evening without a problem. Moral of the story: if opentable fails, try the (old school) method of calling. A girl even answered the phone and took a reservation in the afternoon (when they aren't open). Everything is meant to be shared, so I was happy that I went with a group of four and was able to try several dishes.All paired with a very reasonably priced bottle of Malbec:Off the main menu:Chicken Liver Parfait - Blackberry Port "Jell-O" - smooth and delicious, it wasn't to heavy or overpoweringBrussels Sprout "Caesar Salad" - nothing spectacular, but I love brussels sprouts so I was a fanOsoky's Potato Pierogies - you can't really go wrong with theseRock Shrimp "Scampi" Fusili Pasta - light and deliciousTapioca Crusted Tai Snapper - my favorite dish, this was both very inventive and flavorfulFrom the dim sum cart:Shrimp and pork dumplings - pretty good for being "Americanized". We ordered these more for the novelty of getting something from the cart than anything else... not sure it's a "must get" but it was goodDessert:Strawberry "Short" Cake - I chose this because it was the only dessert that came with ice cream, but it was probably not the best choice. The shortcake was a bit dry and there wasn't even a lot of ice cream served with it. I'd opt for something else next time.All in at about $50 a person, I found it to be very reasonably priced.  That price could go up quickly if you opted for (multiple) cocktails, but sharing one bottle of wine kept it within a reasonable range.Overall impression: They did a good job of making this place classy, and making the dim sum works without being kitschy.  It's a great place to take out of town guests since it's got that cool atmosphere and vibe while at the same time serving great food.  Nothing blew me away, but everything was very good and I would definitely go back.
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,8/19/2014,418,182,24,32,28>Honestly, I was pretty skeptical of an AYCE sushi restaurant in Glendora. It is quite hidden from street view in a small plaza.  It's also a small hole in the wall restaurant that was probably a deli/pizza joint based on the table layout....but looks are completely deceiving.  There are about three tables to sit down at and the rest are bar stools along the wall, so there's a good chance you won't get one of the tables.  Chef Alan is usually the first to greet you and is the main server to all the tables.  What sets him apart is that he takes pride in the fish he serves compared to your typical AYCE and it is very apparent in the food that comes out.  The main difference you will notice right away is that you are limited to 6 orders of nigiri and 4 special rolls per ordering session, and you get the typical three sessions like other places.  At first, I was really thinking WTF I can eat way more than this, but really it's a good balance by the end of the meal.  I usually order a ton of nigiri but because of the limit, the gf and I had to order rolls to compensate.  I ordered all the rolls with the sauce on the side because in my experience, they usually ruin the sushi.  However, Chef Alan let me know that he spends many hours making each of the sauces from scratch which was really surprising, and they did taste bomb, although I still limited how much sauce I took.They do sauce some of their nigiri like hamachi, albacare, and octopus with a light glaze, but more expensive sushi places will do that if it complements the fish well.  If it's not your style, just ask them not to do it. nbd.What also caught me offguard was that they marinate their octopus for three hours to tenderize it like more high end sushi restaurants do.  It's really all the small things that Sake Roll does right that makes the experience worth while. The price is a bit higher than most at $25 for dinner and $19 for lunch, but the quality more than makes up for it.Oh yea, be sure to ask for the the green tea ice cream at the end.  Bomb.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2014,8/18/2014,415,531,23,27,23>Just came back from Vegas and had the craving for really good cheesecake. I had a hard time finding a spot that had any available on the strip so with my craving being unsatisfied, I decided to give this place a shot.Cheesecake: creamy, just the right amount of sweet, soft, and not overwhelming. More crust would make it a 10, but that's just me. I love pie/cheesecake crust. I liked that it wasn't stiff or overwhelming. 8/10)Tiramisu: sweet, enough bread and cream filling for every bite, wish it had a bit more coffee taste but over all, delicious (8/10)Portions: big enough to share and be satisfied.Prices: ~$5 each.Will def go back sometime soon and get some gelato. This place is a great spot for dessert lovers.#130/2014
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,8/17/2014,790,272,17,31,24>Based on my first visit, I'd give about 3.75 stars.  Rounding up!Biggest tip: Get the broccolini.SERVER FRIENDLINESS/PERSONALITY: 5 stars (charming)SERVER EXECUTION: 3 stars (part of order not placed, hard to get server's attention, slow on water refill)FOOD PRESENTATION: 5 stars (every dish was plated with care and style)FOOD TASTE: 4.5 stars for mine (wheat pasta with cumin-braised lamb, charred broccolini) but my dining companions liked their food a bit less (rockfish: 3 stars, ceviche 3.5 stars, deviled eggs 4.5 stars)  GET THE BROCCOLINI.  We all loved it. Minced garlic, chili flakes, light capers and onions, a bit of charred grill flavor, nice hit of spiciness.  AMAZING.  Cumin-braised lamb was wholly unexpected (more of a fresh broth than a braised sauce) but delicious.  Noodles looked/tasted handmade.  A (pleasantly) lighter dish than I anticipated.  I'd order it again.AMBIANCE: 4.5 stars (nice, slightly feminine decor without being girly)BONUS: 5 stars for a stunning, made in-house chocolates board for the birthday girl in our party.VERDICT: Great spot for a business meeting, a family celebration, a date night or a ladies' brunch.  If they iron out the service kinks and finesse the menu (keep the dishes that are a hit and replace some others) then I'll be a regular.  They might also want to add another dish or two that would hit the spot with vegans/vegetarians/pescatarians/gluten free.  While I'm an omnivore willing to put anything in my mouth at least once, I know a lot of people (mainly women) who aren't, and it seems to me that very few of the above (those of my acquaintance) do anything in the kitchen other than boil water or make a salad -- making them ideal, regular customers :)
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,8/16/2014,863,938,25,35,33>All-you-can-eat buffet! Thanks to fellow Yelper Jackson Y. for recommending this place to me. Find Chinese food, teppanyaki, dim sum, soup, sushi, sashimi, seafood, fruit, salad and dessert. With a spacious dining room and a wide variety of choices, it's great for large groups and families. Tables and food counters were clean. Staff were attentive in picking up empty dishes and refilling water cups. One thing to keep in mind is that the food can be hit or miss, like other buffets. Also, the teppanyaki is like Mongolian BBQ and the taste depends on the ingredients you choose.Favorites: * Chinese-style Dungeness Crab (reminded me of home)* Oysters* Fried chicken wings* Steamed fish* Stir fried green beans* Banana pudding dessertPrices: Lunch M-F $6.99, Dinner M-F $9.99, Saturday and Sunday all-day $10.99.Come hungry and hurry in before the quality goes down.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2014,8/15/2014,1437,651,38,52,37>I will admit, when my friends said "Do you want to go to a spa as a birthday gift?" I was super excited. Then she casually mentioned that it was an women-only Korean style (aka NAKED!! ) spa, and I was a bit apprehensive. I mean, I've always grown up with the Westernized concept of the body; I show just enough cleavage to leave most of it to the imagination and cute little undies just incase something bad happens and the paramedics need to cut my pants off (never get caught slipping ladies..) So yeah, being naked..in a room..full of other naked women..that seems very Game of Thrones to me. However, with that being said yesterday my friend suggested that we take a trip to the spa and after a long week of stress, work, bills, more work, and more stress it sounded like the perfect trip.We walked in and were promptly greeted by the woman at the counter. My friend had a Groupon (4 visits) and redeemed 2 for our visit, and was given 2 tickets for the extra 2 visits. We were given keys to generous sized lockers and a robe, large towel, and 2 small towels. We removed our shoes before entering the locker room, and then both timidly tried to undress under our robes without showing any skin (pointless, I know, but it was the first time we'd both been this close and naked!). After changing into our robes (and JUST our robes) we took a  look around the locker room. To one side was the seating area,  Himalayan Salt Room, Infrared Room, and the small cafeteria (with complementary lemon water and Barley Tea).  To the other side was the showering area, massage area, private bath area, Steam Room, and the Oxygen Room, Clay Ball room, and Ice Room. The shower room was our first stop. Here was our first encounter with nakedness. There were naked women of all shapes, ages, and races. So here went nothing: we basically just shrugged at the same time, dropped our robes, and kept on with our normal conversation. Trust me, for someone who hasn't really been around nudity it feels like a big deal  - - - until you actually do it. Then you quickly realize that everyone else has the same things in the same places, and the fact that you're naked around complete strangers doesn't even matter.After a quick shower with their body wash and hair products we jumped into the hot salt bath. This was amazing! It took all the aches and pains out of my shoulders and had seating steps at different levels so you could soak as much (or as little) as you liked. We spent ages in there, it was heavenly! After our quick soak we stepped into the Sauna to work up a sweat. The sauna had a very woodsy smell (all the herbs), which 2 other girls commented that it made them feel weird to breathe it in (almost like being in a very smoky room). The heat however was wonderful, and I was quickly working up a sweat. The only downside was the door would stay a little open whenever someone would enter, so you'd have to get up out of your zen to close it.After cooling off again in the shower after sweating buckets we headed into the oxygen room. This room had mats on the floor with blocks for pillows so you could lie down and relax. It was dark and besides the constant rattling from the AC it was quiet. Too quiet though, my friend and I both didn't really like this room and the rattle was annoying. Next was the clay ball room, or as my friend put it  her "favorite" room. Trying to step into those tubs filled with hot clay balls was a riot, if you've never been to one before make sure you go in after your friend so you can laugh your ass off after they almost fall; it's hilarious! I also liked this room because you could quietly talk (key word: quietly!) because the balls made so much noise anytime you moved so there was no expectation of silence as there was in the oxygen room. Also this room is hot, hot, HOT! It's  recommended that you spend about 20 minutes in there, and I see why - near the end I was getting very hot and enjoyed some lemon water afterwards. The clay balls were really relaxing though, it was the amazing feeling you get when you bury your toes in the sand at the beach. I loved opening my robe and laying the clay balls on my stomach, the heat really radiated throughout and made me feel amazing. The ice room was next. Putting my back up against the ice cold wall felt amazing, we were in here just relaxing, chatting (because no one else was in there) and letting time pass by.After the ice room was the Himalayan salt room. This was the prettiest room, and I felt the most zen in there. It was hot, but not too hot, and putting the warm stones on my legs felt amazing. The infrared room was the last room we visited and also one of the hottest. I burned my feet on the floor in there. Ouch! My friend and I are already planning our future visits: next up Wormwood Hoo-haa cleansing; I'll do it if she does it! LOL!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,8/14/2014,1700,729,50,55,59>It's 2:15 AM on a early Saturday morning and you stepped out The Varnish and The Association having devoured rounds of cocktails. You and everyone else in your party are hungry but don't want to drive and wait for food at Koraku, Fred 62, Canter's, or Won Kok. Nor do you want pay for that overrated, overpriced sandwich at Cole's. Instead you want something right away to dash off and head straight home.  It's a typical weekend early Saturday morning scene of drunkness. Girls way too drunk in 6" heels looking like they're walking on a tight rope 100' up in the air and ready to break their ankle as two others are holding them up. There's some guy sitting on the curb ready to blow chunks with his buddies looking after him and one buddy trying to hail a cab. Right next to him is a roach coach that has "Danny's Tacos" written all over it. The menu is real basic: tacos, burritos, tostadas, or mulitas with choices of carne asada, carnitas, cabeza, or chicken. There's panhandlers looking on asking for change. One guy on a bike riding backwards (that's talent!) with a boombox in one hand talking to everyone claiming he's was in Dre's and Snoop's Aint Nothing But a G-Thang Video 20+ years ago. Right next to him is Danny who's taking orders from customers. Danny is a cool guy. He's edgy working that LA Doyers cap backwards with a slight side tilt. Seems to know everyone or appears to know some regulars.  You order a few carne asada tacos and mulitas from Danny for your group of friends. Danny hooks you up with an extra mulita just because he's cool like that. He doesn't charge much and the food comes out quick. Within a few minutes, you get your bag of grub. You thank Danny with an arm hug and throw out your fist for a pound promising to come back again. You get home and tear into that mulita which by the way is similar to a quesadilla. It's a taco sandwich of corn tortillas, meat, Mexican cheese, onions, cilantro, and guacamole grilled both sides till it's crisp. It's delicious and perfect late night snack.  Drop a multi vitamin in so you don't get a hangover when you get up at lunch time. Just remember to come back to Danny cause you promised him you would and you're now best friends.Find Danny and his truck on 6th & Main Street during the early weekend mornings.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2014,8/13/2014,634,401,29,33,33>I have been so excited for Rita's to open up ever since I saw that the workers were in the process of constructing it. Having Frostbites and Joe's and all those sweet treats be located around the Irvine and Cypress area, it has been due time that a frozen ice/yogurt place be open in the San Gabriel area! I think I ended up hyping myself up because I was so excited for the opening that when I actually went to get a taste myself, I felt a bit deflated at the simplicity of everything. The ice is basically like a 7-11 slurpee, except that Rita's has unique flavors which change from day to day (you can find these flavors on their Facebook page). Mind you, they are still unique and a great addition to have in Arcadia, but I would recommend trying their specialties as opposed to just the ice. I was able to try their Blendini (ice, custard and a mix in where they blend it up for you) which tasted pretty good. I also tried their free ice when I came in on their grand opening day - I sampled birthday cake and pear before deciding to get a combination of pear and strawberry. I think it was decent - the ice really does exhibit good flavor, but after awhile, it just got too sweet for me and I couldn't eat anymore. And I came back to try their Gelati (ice and custard) when it was 50% off. I tried theT birthday cake with light vanilla, and it tasted pretty darn great. Custard was at the top and at the bottom; I ended up not being able to finish it and putting it in the freezer. When I went to eat it, there was a really weird aftertaste to the custard, so I would recommend eating it all at once and not saving it for another day. The ice was okay though. They also have just frozen custard on a cone (and a cup), Misto (ice and custard blended although I don't know if that would taste very good), and Cream Ice. The prices are fairly decent and they do offer promotions from time to time (Valentine's Day or through Yelp). I think a regular ice is $2.75 and a large is $3.25 and you can get a quart for $5.99. I would really recommend getting two flavors in one cup so you get to try two for the price of one, or getting a unique flavor to really milk your money's worth! Gelati's are a little more expensive - regular is $3.85 and a large is $4.35. What really stands out about Rita's is their customer service and friendliness of the workers. They greet you when you walk in and seem very excited to help you pick a flavor or item you really will like. I know some people who sampled flavor after flavor and they don't seem to mind. The few times I have gone, everybody has been extremely friendly and nice. I would give this place 3.5 stars and an extra .5 star just for their customer service. It's a nice addition to Arcadia, but it isn't so special that I would go out of my way to visit.
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2014,8/12/2014,1821,475,38,27,27>This place is soo good that I can come back 95 times, create 95 Yelp profiles, and write 95 different reviews about how AMAZING this place is, but since that is heavily frowned upon, then I hope my review is enough to get you through the Hero Shop doors.  Seriously though, I just gorged myself on their BBQ Pork, Coldcut, and Fatty Brisket banh mi's, and am so in love with this place that I was compelled to write a Yelp review within minutes of finishing my food.  In fact, I still have sauce and meat juice juice on my fingers, and millions of bread crumbs on my shirt, but...I DON'T CAREI LOVE ITI LOVE ITNow excuse me while I crash my car into a bridge, watch it burn, pack your clothes, push them down the stairs, and continue LOVING Hero Shop bahn mi's. BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!BEST SANDWICH IN LOS ANGELES!!!(is that enough...cause I can keep going)
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2014,8/11/2014,361,411,20,27,23>This small food court looking place doesn't look like much, but they have some tasty Shanghai pan fried pork buns (shen jian bao)! These buns are crispy on the bottoms but filled with juicy pork and soup on the inside - so scrumptious when they're fresh! They're cheap too, so you don't have to worry about breaking the bank! They also have beef rolls that are decent. Not the best, but they'll make for a quick fix. I like that the beef and the roll they use are both sliced thinly. The other Chinese cafeteria type food is pretty standard compared to other similar places. Cheap, greasy, fast. Four stars for the pork buns, 3.5 for the beef rolls, and 3 for the rest!
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,8/10/2014,685,98,28,28,28>I believe this has just become my FAVE kbbq spot (Although, I still haven't tried Park's yet BUT I WILL SOON!)My aunt took me here for a welcome home lunch date and it was definitely a "WHOO-HOOO-SUPER-MEAT-GALORE-SARANGHAEYO-KOBE-­BEEF-PREMIUM-MEAT-IN-MY-TUMMY-I-LOVE-YOU-MORE-­THAN-YOU-WILL-EVER-KNOW" experience. You see, in my opinion, beef is the most superior meat I can ever put on my greedy little tongue and for a place to only serve Premium Kobe Beef. Dude, I just died and ended up in heaven! Meat heaven (;Hehehe sorry about my little meat rant. Here's what you should know about the place! The service is top-notch. I mean, I don't think I've ever been in an Asian restaurant where the service was this superb. Of course, it was a weekday afternoon and it wasn't as busy as it could get. But still, the servers all went above and beyond to make my meat experience the most wonderful experience a girl could ever dream of! They also had a super stacked salad bar filled with all the wonderful veggies and sauces that come with KBBQ! I didn't have to waste my time asking my server multiple times for fresh garlic and beanpaste! It was all right there with all the lettuce you could ever eat!Now, let's talk kimchi. I love me some delicious kimchi but this stuff was just outta this world! I almost asked the server to bring out a jar for me to take home! Now, I don't know if this stuff is made in-house by some wonderful little ajhummas or if they buy it from some very seasoned suppliers but I'm definitely going out of my mind trying to make my own batch taste as good as theirs! They must have put crack in my kimchi because I'm having major withdrawals at the moment.Must... go... back... to... Oo-Kook... for... kogi.. and.. kimchi... STAT!
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,8/9/2014,1030,557,17,26,30>Blossom is one of my favorite places to grab lunch or a casual dinner. Now that they are open on Sundays, I can't think of a single thing wrong with this place. There are two sides to Blossom. One side is a more casual cafe style area with shared tables, which I like to go to if I'm with friends or by myself. The other side has a bit more of an intimate vibe with separate tables, so it's nice for a low key date night dinner. The outdoor seating is nice during the warm times of the year, but prepare yourself for the inevitable person on the sidewalk asking for money. My favorite things there are the: 1) Pho Ga, their chicken pho, which is always light and delicious.2) Bún Chà Giò Chay, or as I call it "number 24" hahaha! It's rice noodles and vegetarian egg rolls with lettuce, bean sprouts, daikon, cucumbers and peanuts. It comes with a sauce, pour it over everything and mix it about with some Sriracha. 3) their vegetarian spring rolls are a crisp and refreshing little snack. 4) Thai Iced Tea!!! My absolute favorite thing on this planet. Definitely my top place downtown.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,8/8/2014,1813,600,20,32,30>Every once in a blue moon we do a dinner with a group of friends of similar culinary palates, where we try to eat through the entire menu. Tapas restaurants are the perfect place to try this, and we've had some stunning successes over the years. Racion continued the winning streak in fine fashion. Though there are some excellent restaurants in Pasadena, less now that Noir has gone black (a bad pun, you're welcome), it's never really been a foodie destination. Racion probably won't change that by itself, but it should certainly help. The decor is nicely understated, pleasant but unobtrusive. It fits the bungalow style building well as well as the clientele, and the tiny patio is lovely. The crowd is mostly fairly somber eastsiders, our table easily the most boisterous in the room and we're not all that loud. It's not as staid as some local options, but it's not very lively either. That's not a bad thing, though it rather uncharacteristic for a Spanish restaurant. Service was pleasant, though a little too fast. Portions were just right for the price point. Since we ate the entire menu, I'd run out of writing room if I tried to elaborate and it's been a while so my memory is cloudy. I'll just touch on the highlights, some of which have probably been replaced by now.The great.Cinnamon SangriaCharcuterie Cheese PlateBraised Beef TongueCalamariWhite AnchoviesSquid Ink PastaFried OystersEgg topped MushroomButter Poached LangostineMusselsHangar SteakPan Seared ScallopsRabbit LiverDuck Stuffed SquidCreme CatalinaPraline SemifrioThe Ok.Salt Cod FrittersOctopusCrab SaladVegetablesEggplantShrimp BouillabaisseWe also had two notably excellent wines.Berabeleva Camino de Navaberreros 2011 from Madrid. Pomegranate with a hint of brown sugar. $12Bodegas Breton Lorinon Crianza 2009. $27Corkage $20Good Spanish restaurants are fairly difficult to find in the Southland, Racion is a giant step in the right direction. Don't miss it.Best Plates: Sangria, Charcuterie, Cheese Plate, Tongue, Anchovies, Squid Ink Pasta, Fried Oysters, Steak, Pan Seared Scallops, Rabbit Liver, Duck Stuffed Squid, DessertsPalate: mildly eclecticFood - AAmbience - A-Service - A-Value - A
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,8/7/2014,1661,660,29,38,35>I've rolled through H&S about four or five times now and I guess it's safe to say, I'm a fan... kind of. I'm not balls out insanely freakin' excited every time someone wants to head here but I don't complain either. That's good enough, right?The massive positive for me is the love that H&S has for Fernet, my one and only true love. Los Angeles doesn't have nearly enough bars with Fernet let alone bartenders that know what to do with it, so when I spotted a "Fernet Cocktail" on their main list of mixology fun I knew I was in for a treat. It's good shit, they did my love justice. Bonus points for the fact they only charge $5 for shots of Fernet which is sick, especially coming from a "higher end" bar like this. I'm used to paying $5-$7 for a shot of Fernet, that's fair, but there are a lot of places in this city that price gouge for no reason. Rocco's in Culver City? $9 per shot, lame. Susan Feniger's place Mud Hen Tavern (used to be Street)? $13 a shot, FUCK YOU very much, Susan. When I ordered two shots here and the sexy bartendress told me $10 I assumed she meant per shot, this being a nicer bar and all. Nope, $5 each. Then the lovely girl tells me, "We go through a lot of Fernet here. Cases of it." Now that, is some sexy music to my ears.Sure sure, I tried other drinks as well, and at $10-$12 I'd say they're worth it, tastiness all around.On the negative side, the crowd can be a bit meh. People trying to show off, stuntin' like they're hot shit just because they skipped the 20 person line to get in. Cool for you, I'm not impressed. A mixed bag of cool people and then some bros who abandoned their sports bar ways for dressier clothes and nicer drinks, just for the evening. Also hit up a birthday party a bit ago that was upstairs in the private area. Would have been rad, minus the pipes in the ceiling dripping water on people. But hey, shit happens.All in all, I dig the place. They have live music at times which I could do without, personally, but at least it's something different. Good drinks, chill decor, and FERNET LOVIN'. Yep, I guess I really am a fan.
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/10/2014,8/6/2014,130,458,27,35,34>Philippe, the longest continuously operating restaurant in Los Angeles.  It is an institution that I have a long history with.  My parents used to have a small grocery store down the street from them.  I remember coming here as a child and getting sandwiches for lunch.  When I worked in the insurance industry, I remember coming here and taking a behind the scenes tour of the place and meeting with the owner, Mr. Binder.  After all these years, I still come here.  As you walk in, you will see the counter.  Look for the shortest line and place your order.  They have communal tables in the main dining area.  They have hidden dining rooms throughout their building both on the main floor and the 2nd floor.  They are open from 6 AM to 10 PM.  They serve a nice breakfast.  Coffee is only 45 cents a cup.  45 cents brings in a lot of customers in the morning.  The times I have been in there for breakfast the place was crowded with gossiping elderly Chinese grandpas.  Their breakfasts are almost as good of a deal as their coffee. They have beef, lamb, and turkey sandwiches.  The beef dipped and lamb dipped sandwiches are what I normally order.  The sandwiches taste great and are full of meat.  They make the sandwiches as you order it.  It has been a while since I took the behind the scenes tour of the place.  But, I do remember that the kitchen was nice and clean.  They beef and lamb are cooked on premises.  Philippe's in not just an institution, but, it is a pretty good place for breakfast and sandwiches as well.  Yeah, I have a long history with this place, and will continue to come here even though I am not in the area anymore.
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2014,8/5/2014,2068,194,25,26,27>If you've never bookmarked a place I've recommended, you MUST bookmark this place! It's the most amazing frozen yogurt establishment EVER!!!!!!!! Ever- Seriously. Ever!!Here are the basics/logistics: Medium sized shopping center with individual store fronts and a parking lot that is shared by all businesses therein. Berries Frozen Yogurt looks like your basic frozen yogurt shop on the outside. It even looks like that on the inside a bit.The walls have original artwork which have the names/descriptions of the various flavors/mixtures/creations.I probably spent around 10 minutes just looking at the paintings/menu.Their menu is fun & innovative. I love the descriptions and choices of mix-in ingredients. Once I finally decided on a flavor/mixture/creation, I regretted not being able to try around 5 or 6 other flavors/creations. It was fun watching them mix everything together on the frozen slab. But Coldstone does the same thing & I don't like their ice cream at all. So I wasn't fully sold until I actually tasted it.Berries Frozen Yogurt's flavor and texture was FANTASTIC! If I hadn't been full when I walked in there (just barely saving room for dessert), I would have ordered 2 or 3 more!I'm going back. Oh yes. I am going back again. It's a long drive from where I live, but it's sooooo worth it.
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,8/4/2014,2282,550,28,36,29>I've got an addiction. It's not drugs or alcohol, but it's something that could make me go broke. AG jeans. I have about 10 pairs in my closet. And, I'm not sorry. Finding jeans that fit and flatter is like hitting the lottery for us women (and some men). I discovered AG jeans online actually, never having tried them on in person. I bought a pair on a whim after reading glowing reviews about the brand. When they arrived, I tried them on and to my surprise - BEST. FITTING. JEANS. EVER. They looked hot, were so comfy and fit perfectly. I was in love. So began my love affair with AG jeans. After numerous orders online (always on sale) I finally stumbled upon the AG store in Beverly Hills. Funny thing is, I've walked by this location many times, but never thought to go in. Since I was on the lookout for some patterned jeans, I decided to venture in. Right away, I was greeted by Kevin who proceeded to provide the best customer service I've ever experienced at a retail store. He was happy, helpful, and patient. He showed me their newest jeans and I tried on a few pairs. I liked a few pairs, but only loved one so that was the winner! And for $180, it was worth it. If you love premium denim, definitely drop by this store. Even if you don't buy anything, you'll still be treated nicely.P.S. Check in on Yelp and get 10% off.
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2014,8/3/2014,935,179,20,24,26>Ice cream that is pure, sweet, and cold yumminess!! You feel me?These are all the flavors you're expecting but you're getting them better than expected.You can actually taste the creamy marshmallows in the amazing s'mores flavor and a slight crunch in the banana graham ice cream. I seriously crave it. It's very rich flavors, but I prefer the sweet and dense desserts.  I sampled other flavors like coffee and pistachio and everything I tried I liked. The gelato didn't impress me as much.  You're getting a handcrafted treat that keeps you coming back for more. Don't let the portions fool you. The regular small size is two scoops!! I like to switch it up between cone and bowl. The cones actually tasted fresh. They have daily deals depending on what day of the week it is. Apparently on Tuesdays its a madhouse since its only 2 bucks.The employees behind the counter are extremely friendly and accommodating. They didn't seem to mind all the different flavors we sampled and made great suggestions.  The space is huge, inviting, bright and airy. There is plenty of outdoor seating as well. Kudos to this delicious delicious ice cream.
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/9/2014,8/2/2014,199,134,38,46,44>"Greek people regard oregano as a symbol of joy and happiness. The word oregano literally means 'joy of the mountain' from the Greek words 'oros' (mountain) and 'ganos' (joy)." -from Oregano Fresh Greek's menuFollowing an outing in San Marino, I found Oregano Fresh Greek using the Yelp app on my phone. A quick search for "Mediterranean" populated this place as a solid restaurant. Thanks to the app and the Yelpers who contributed a review, I enjoyed a very good lunch.What I ordered:ORIGINAL GYRO PLATE ($8.79)- delicious, long cuts of gyro meat with rice pilaf, fries, and a refreshing side of Tzatziki sauce. Add your favorite drink or water and you have a great meal on a hot summer's day.Sustain--Made to order food on an open gas grill-Great value; nothing over $10-Friendly service-Casual dinning; great place for a quick biteImprove--No lunch or dinner special-Wait time for service can be a tad bit longFinal tips:-Their classic Greek salad's come in half ($4.99) or full ($6.99) sizes. Unless you have a large appetite, I recommend a half order. -Free parking on Cordova Street for 1 hour with validation.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2014,8/1/2014,295,101,56,55,56>From the depths of Claremont, in the middle of the blockA Mongolian BBQ with pork, beef, and chicken in stockThere isn't any lamb, but it's still the sameAll you can eat, fill your bowls with no shameIf you follow me, follow me, please don't tripThe place needs an upgrade and it's easy to skipOld interior and furniture is like taking a step backNot all fancy but it's not all whackCustomers are messy because they ain't holdin backThe meat and vegetable station can look like a maniacIt's like that and as a matter of fact [rat-tat-tat-tat]Be neat and don't hesitate to put the thongs and spoons backNo teriyaki sauce but follow the scriptThe garlic, lobster and house sauce you must equipWhat's the name?Mongolian BBQ!It's the bow to the wow, employees are servinYiggy yes y'allin, a hello when you come in I can eat the sesame pockets like everydayBut it's gotta be fresh cuz there's no other wayWith that said, Yelpers can get with thisThere's no better place in Claremont so you can get with thatThe sweet and sour sauce I just can't stopCombined with the sriracha I use it alotWhat's the name?Mongolian BBQ!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,7/31/2014,2719,2132,92,107,100>Happy birthday to me!!I'd been wanting to try Asanebo for the longest time.  Ordered 15 pcs omakase for $80.00 and iced green tea.Iced green tea ($2.00): it's a bargain for free refill at this place and you can order it hot or cold.  You do have to flag the workers for the refill though because sometimes they don't see your empty glass.Spinach salad with scallops:  yummy, warm seared scallops with mushroom, crispy potato sticks and light dressing.  I am not a fan of scallops but these fresh, sweet scallops made me wanting more.Asari clam miso soup: fat, fresh and meaty asari clams with light miso.  I wish the miso soup had stronger miso taste.Momotaro tomato with fresh crab meat and house special dressing:  the tomato is bursting with freshness with every bite.  It is served with shiso leaf and some kind of tangy sauce.The next courses are sushi courses.  Freshly grated wasabi and gari are brought to the table.First plate of 5 nigiri pieces:Bluefin tuna, shrimp, albacore, yellowtail and slivered shrimp.  The bluefin tuna is very fresh but I don't really care for its cooked shrimp.  The soft and melty albacore is served with ponzu jelly, ginger and green onions.  The yellowtail is so fresh and good.  I thought the waiter kept saying silver shrimp and I kept correcting her silver fish?  She kept saying no it's silver shrimp...so maybe it's SLIVERED shrimp? Not sure if it is slivered shrimp but this sweet and delicious nigiri tastes like amaebi.  I don't usually like amaebi but this slivered amaebi is so good.Second plate of 5 nigiri pieces:Toro, amberjack, red snapper, halibut and firefly squid.My toro has a nice marble and is very tasty.  It melts in my mouth but it's kinda veiny too :(  The amberjack is firm and tasty.  The red snapper has a nice smoky flavor and I like the yuzu on top.  Too bad the halibut is super sour and salty because it's actually super soft.  The firefly squid is yummy and different with its honey mustard sauce.I told the waiter not to give me squid and I was surprised to see the firefly squids.  Glad I got the squid though because it was so good.  The chef later on realized I got the squid and sent the waiter to check on me.  By the end of second plate I was already full and I got tired of eating melty nigiri.  I kinda regretted ordering 15 pieces instead of 10 pieces but it was only for $20.00 more.Third plate of 5 nigiri pieces:Salmon, halibut fin, uni, ikura and anago.The salmon is so salty and I can taste yuzu on it.  Halibut skin is chewy but I love its fishiness.  It's almost like eating fish fat LOL.  I can taste ikura balls burst its saltiness inside my mouth ewww.  Not a fan of ikura eggs but at least they are fresh.  My anago is sweet and fishy.  That's too bad because I prefer unagi over anago.  I always save uni for last but this uni is a disappointment.  My uni is smelly and not sweet.4 stars!!  It's not as good as Sushi Zo but everything is fresh.Asanebo is yummylicious!!
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2014,7/30/2014,2281,265,21,28,26>During the time of day between lunch and dinner, we found ourselves driving on Mountain Avenue in Chino and decided to stop into Empanadas To Go to recharge our foodie batteries.  We have patronized this business occasionally since its opening, and we routinely have a great experience.Our intent to purchase one or two empanadas quickly turned into a dozen after a phone call to loved ones to see if they wanted some as well.  We ordered the following empanadas: Spicy beef (ground beef, onion, and olives), Saltenas (chopped beef, potato, red peppers, and onion), Chicken (ground chicken and onion), and our favorite Criolla (ground beef, eggs, onion, and raisins).  The combination of empanadas represented the majority of the food groups, which made me feel less guilty for the in between meals snack.  Each of the empanadas were cooked perfectly, and the Argentinian spices were represented well.  The exterior of the empanadas was slightly flaky, yet soft and tasty on the inside.  It should be noted Empanadas To Go is exactly that; there is no space to eat inside, which is not an issue.  They also have specialty tea leaves from Argentina and other cooking products.  The customer service was also very good.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,7/29/2014,2234,455,30,40,33>If you literally want to grill an ocean, come here.Korean BBQ seafood combo included: Mussels, clams, oysters, scallops, spicy marinated baby octopus, and shrimp.Notable banchan sides: They give you 2 slices of steamed pork belly (bossam--random but awesome), spicy rice cakes (ddukboki), scallion pancakes, and corn cheese.Mickey mouse gloves for touching scorching hot seashells:yelp.com/biz_photos/get-…They wrap some sweet potato, potato, and yams in foil and place them under the grill, right into the fire. At the end of your meal, they take out the hot potatoes for you to eat + knife-cut soup noodles (kalgooksu).Hole in the wall, lots of Ktown locals and senior folks, limited Engrish.Good alternative to Jae Bu Do!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,7/28/2014,414,207,30,33,30>Hot Dang?  No, Hot Dong!  And, you can throw a Ho in there for the fun of it.  Finally made it to Kang Ho-Dong, too bad it was 2 years and 200 reviews late in coming.  This place is appropriately named, as it is ranked very high amongst the "common folk," and comes in ranked #88 in Yelp's highest rated U.S. restaurants.  This is the only K-BBQ restaurant in the top 100.  Hard to believe this retired wrestler and current MC & comedian captured the heart of K-town by establishing some good 4-legged slice 'n dice debauchery of Oinker and Moo'er (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…). With a double-take, the architecture of Wilshire Chapman Market Plaza (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…) would fit quite nicely on the banks of the river Rhine surrounded by a protective moat - however this Deutschland be in the vaderland of K-Town!  So this entire plaza has been taken over by those of the Korean persuasion (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…), and the smell of Dragon's breath has been replaced by the sweet pungent smoke of Korean BBQ.Ho-Dong emphasizes their Pork offering, but I'm much more impressed with their Beef.  We ordered both the Beef and Pork Combos.Beef Combo [$46.99] contains:- Yangnyum Galbisal or marinated prime boneless short ribs (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…).  This marinade is great and full of flavor, and the meat is very tender.- Chadolbeki or thin sliced prime brisket (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…).  This is very flavorful, and best when dipped in the salt lick and pepper-soy dipping sauce.- And a third choice of another meat - where we usually pick the Kkotsal or the unmarinated prime boneless short rib (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…).  These cuts are nicely marbled and very tender, and expertly cooked by the wait staff (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…).- Banchan:  steamed egg, corn cheese, vegies (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…), kimchi, squash, bean sprouts & shredded green onions (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…), green salad, and Kimchi stew (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…).  The corn cheese is a winner.Pork Combo [$40] (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…) contains:- Hanjeongsal or pork neck (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…), this is by far my least favorite as it is mainly all fat- Kaljib Seng-Samgyupsal or seared pork belly (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…), my 2nd least favorite as it's inch thick pork fat strips- And a choice of another meat - where we opted for the Dwaeji Yangnyumgui  or marinated pork short ribs (yelp.com/biz_photos/kang…) - which was awesome!- All the same Banchan as the Beef Combo.Each combo is plenty for two people and mildly satisfying for three.  You can't go wrong with the Beef Combo, but I would skip the Pork Combo and just order one or two of the pork specialty plates.  I can see where the marinated pork could possibly be the flagship of this place.  The beef dishes are always cooked first, and then followed by the pork.  This cooking order is probably best as the pork is quite fatty and the pork grease just runs off and saturates the outer grill condiments.  For most that is just way too much grease, no matter how much you may like bacon.  While the meats may not be beat, the service is where the kimchi hits the ondol.  The servers are very helpful and are the real cooks of the place.  Every few minutes they are yanking your meat and tossing off the grills.  For those of the non-Korean persuasion, the servers are helpful with suggestions, and are happy refilling any banchan requests.The common folk have spoken and I must agree.  The food quality, taste, and service is a 5 oinker for sure.  Although one word of caution:  Smoky.  The ventilation system is not the best, so plan on smelling like smoky piglets after your depravity toward the hooven-kind.
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2014,7/27/2014,439,104,28,33,30>My 100th review goes to... Nickel Diner!I arrived on a beautiful Sunday afternoon. There was s a slight crowd of people waiting out front so we were nervous about the wait. Only 15-20 minutes, we're told. Cool.Only a few minutes into our wait, the owner comes outside to hand out bites of toast with some magically delicious strawberry jam. Oh, owner of Nickel Diner. You had me at free toast and jam.After about 15 minutes we're seated. The owner immediately greets us to get our drinks started. Server was also very attentive, friendly, and quick to serve.I hardly look over the menu when my buddy says he's getting the special: Gil's Chilaquiles. I look at the description. Corn tortilla strips sautéed in green chile sauce over puréed black bean, topped with two poached eggs, avocado, pickled red onions, queso fresco & crema. SOLD. YES. I NEED THIS IN MY MOUTH.Fast forward: food arrives. Silence follows. I am hoovering the most delicious chilaquiles I've had in a long time. I mean, holy $#!&.Eggs were poached perfectly. (I love popping a good poached egg.) Beans were perfectly seasoned. The tortillas were sautéed but still had a nice crunch. The green sauce was just amazing. The pickled onions killed it. Killed it with effin' deliciousness.Unfortunately, though, I was too full to order any of the sweets. But you better believe that I'll be back. I need one of those pop tarts. Oh, indeed, I'll be back.The end.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,7/26/2014,824,286,25,32,31>shared a SALT LICK CRUNCH and the CHOCOLATE flavor with my family on a very warm LA day and was pleasantly surprised by the creamy yet clean finish of this nitro-ice cream!  there ya go for something not only fresh and organic, but also kosher baby!  generous portions and to my further surprise, not overly sweet like many ice creams out there.  additionally, I loved how this ice cream stayed firm to the finish, unlike other nitrogen infused ice creams that are syrupy and melt so quickly.  Ice Cream Lab is my favorite of all nitro-frozen desserts!  great combo of flavors and tickled by their quirky uber chemist-scientific witty theme!!looking forward to your eastside Pasadena location and trying some of those vegan options!
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,7/25/2014,941,424,15,29,17>LOVE this place.  Smaller, women-only spa.  It's overall a little bit cheaper bc it has less frills.  I usually come in for the scrub, oil massage, and cucumber pack for $70.  This waives the $15 entrance fee.  Their site is a little annoying to maneuver, but you can find their prices here:hankooksaunaspa.com/serv…The package I purchase lasts about an hour and a half, and you will leave with amazingly soft smooth skin, and you get doused in milk at the end.  LIKE CLEOPATRA.  It's overall just a really lovely relaxing experience.  I try to come at least once every two months, and then I like to spend an hour or so just lounging around afterwards.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2014,7/24/2014,397,85,35,31,25>This review is going to be from the POV of a commoner. Just a regular gal who usually eats family style Chinese food or at places with only ONE course. So if you want to read a review of someone of higher class, please move on from this peasant's perspective. So all the courses were like pieces of art, so beautiful, so perfectly placed, so not like food. I mean, I got a taco that was wrapped in a leaf! Seaweed crackers with some sort of creamy dip with fish roe. Wha... There were so many ingredients that I had never even heard of so I'm not even going to bother. I'm just going to tell you how I felt. I was so blown away by all the course's presentation that I hardly tasted anything. I kept thinking (maybe also saying aloud), "Is this what rich people eat?" I felt like I was one of the judges at an Iron Chef competition; the dishes were so artfully plated and unique tasting. The menu probably changes so often there's really no point in telling you what I ate. You just got to come and try it for yourself! I now know what fine dining is like. I guess this place gets an obligatory 5 stars. Yelp 5 stars = 2 Michelin stars. Thank you honeyyy!!
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2014,7/23/2014,462,107,41,57,49>This is one of my favorite places to hang out in Arcadia.  The restaurant is clean, decorated with beautiful flowers, modern light fixtures and colorful paintings; free Wifi is available.  According to the menu, they serve the highest quality of organic ingredients and use 316 titanium stainless steel cookware to preserve the nutrients. The drinks are made to order and they use organic and natural ingredients.  ::Drinks::I usually order the Jasmine Green Tea and Rose Black Tea with Soy Milk (with or without boba).  The sweetness level that I get is 1/2 sugar (look below under M's note for the list of sweetness level).   I also like the Mango Milk, it has a robust mango flavor that I enjoy very much.  (yelp.com/user_local_phot…)(yelp.com/user_local_phot…) (yelp.com/user_local_phot…) ::Food::I am addicted to two dishes, the Hainan Chicken  and Sushi Grade Pan-Seared Salmon.  The Hainan Chicken (served cold) comes with soup, a choice of wild or white rice, and three sauces: ginger scallion, chili, and soy sauce.  It is served on a tray like plate featuring three indents to hold the sauce.(yelp.com/user_local_phot…)(yelp.com/user_local_phot…)(yelp.com/user_local_phot…). The sauces are not easily accessible with a spoon because the sections are not deep enough; more chili and soy sauce should be added. When I first ordered this dish, the rice was not fully cooked and the soup was lukewarm but now it's better; soup is hot and the rice is soft.  The soup taste like lettuce; I prefer the chicken broth flavor. (yelp.com/user_local_phot…)The Sushi Grade Pan-Seared Salmon with organic seasonal vegetables , is served with carrots and broccoli but I substitute  it with mushrooms (extra $2.00).  I love how they season the mushrooms and the salmon is always tender and moist.(yelp.com/user_local_phot…)Last one is the Wild Mushroom Pasta, it consist of mushrooms sautéed with basil.  Some of the pasta was tough and overall the dish was bland; I had to add pepper and salt.  For something light and healthy, I like to get the Seasonal Fruit Plate under the Small Bite section.  I've tasted the watermelon, mango, honeydew, and strawberry. Basically the waitress will tell you what fruits they currently have, then you pick two that you would like. The fruits are organic, sweet, juicy, and refreshing.  (yelp.com/user_local_phot…)(yelp.com/user_local_phot…)::Desserts::I've tried the following: Dark Chocolate Mousse  has four layers, chocolate mousse and chocolate cake.  The outer chocolate shell is crisp with raspberry filling on the bottom.  Mocha Cake is soft, spongy, and layered with mocha filling. Chocolate Chiffon is light and fluffy, the chocolate is not very sweet, it's just right.  Next is the Sweet Potato Cake, the texture is grainy and the sweet potato flavor is strong; I didn't like it.  My favorite dessert here is the Mocha Cake. The last one is the macrons, I like the strawberry the most.~Strawberry - Light Strawberry Filling~Chocolate - Rich Chocolate Filling (Too sweet) ~Mango and Earl Grey - Milk Chocolate Filling (dislike the combination of flavors)~Green Tea - Matcha filling(yelp.com/user_local_phot…) (yelp.com/user_local_phot…)(yelp.com/user_local_phot…)(yelp.com/user_local_phot…)::Customer Service::I always receive exceptional customer service from Janae, Catherine, and Athena. They are very attentive, kind and polite.  I also met the owner, she helps the staff especially when it gets very busy; she is nice as well.   ::M's Notes::~For any add on's like boba, grass jelly, it is additional $.75~Sweetness Chart: Full, 3/4 Sugar, 1/2 Sugar, and 1/4 Sugar~Food portion is small~Sometimes they run out of certain items on the menu
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2014,7/22/2014,920,518,49,58,55>Opa! Manifest your inner Greekness for better health.   I know how to make yogurt. Starter, cow's milk, the whole nine yards.I will NEVER make yogurt again! Why would I when I can take a brief walk, end up at Go Greek Yogurt, score a 24-ounce, bulk "family-sized" portion for a mere $14? OK, that sounds pricey but if you've ever DIY'd it, yogurt, it's a pittance trust me. AND you must remember this, Go Greek's calcium rich, protein, probiotics loaded concoction gets flown in daily from Greece. I ordered a small plain, fully fatted yelp.com/biz_photos/go-g…, unadulterated by toppings, although tempting yelp.com/biz_photos/go-g… . Creamy, deliciousness, neither tart nor sweet; perfection mm... Filled me up, kept me going ALL day! Sampled the Honey froyo that uses the classic-flown-in version as a base, found it rich, balanced and not too sweet. Get into the Blue Zone Lifestyle gogreekyogurt.com/blue_z…! Enjoy and share olive oil, honey, imported toppings gogreekyogurt.com/offeri…! Free wifi ask for the code. Use your credit/debit card.Five star service.Metered parking enforced even on a Sunday!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2014,7/21/2014,56,108,13,19,20>This place was awesome! We had an amazing time! They are well organized and you truly feel like you are part of something big. The CHF is now on of my top places to volunteer. The leads are so courteous and take the time to explain the importance of every task, as small as it may seem, every task has a very important part in the entire system. We found that out in a very constructive way.If volunteering has ever crossed your mind and you just don't know where to start, I recommend you give them a quick call and check what volunteering opportunities they might have. Saturdays get filled up fast.This is a great place to meet new people, spend time with your family or friends, or in my case with my coworkers. We honestly had a blast and helped not just our community but many more along the way!Give them a call, trust me you will not be disappointed!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/8/2014,7/20/2014,92,396,13,23,20>For the better part of a decade, Josef Centeno has helped shape California cuisine here in LA by melding locally-sourced ingredients with flavors from across the globe. Here at Orsa & Winston, where he has the opportunity to show off the extent of his skill as a chef, he is taking that love of fusion to the nth degree. While there are plenty of local ingredients, Centeno will also introduce you to herbs and oils flown in from other continents. This restaurant is his playground, and his enthusiasm comes across in a highly enjoyable 5-course meal.Amuse bouche: Fennel panna cotta, black olive caramel, asparagus, pine nuts (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) Nice and flavorful. The pine nuts gave it a fun, salty crunch. A good way to start a meal. 4.5 starsCrudo course: Tasmanian ocean trout, yuzukosho creme fraiche, pickled rhubarb, pickled strawberries (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) Light and refreshing. The yuzu and sogorashi pepper gave the dish a subtle tang to hint at stronger Asian flavors to come. 4 starsSun choke custard, hunchunaji (a Japanese mushroom), hen of the woods, ham cap (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) The custard was earthy and perfectly gelatinous, sitting atop a thinner beef broth. The ham had a deep applewood smokiness and was a great accompaniment. 5 starsPork testa, marinated sea salt, shinzo (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) This was very heavy on the oil, and the pork was sliced so thin that you couldn't taste it at all. he shinzo and furucace merely made for pretty garnishes. 1 starBread: (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) The roll was uber soft with a bit of butter on top and was accompanied with unsalted butter and chives. At the end of the night, this was what I was craving. 4.5 starsSoup course: English pea soup, pickled muscat grapes, housemade creme fraiche (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) This made my eyes roll back into my head with every sip. The soup was smooth, homey, and comforting. I've always been a fan of grapes in soup and these added a slight tang and subtle sweetness. 5 starsCeltuce, brussels sprouts, a gravy of crones and hedgehog mushrooms, gooseberries (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) This looked like something you'd expect from Chef Gary Menes. The vegetables were expertly grilled, but the celtuce was over-salted and left me desperate for a palate cleanser. The gravy wasn't as deep or flavorful as their earthy ingredients made me hope for. 3 starsGrain course: Satin rice with geoduck chowder and uni (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) A fantastic risotto but it could have used a bit more depth in secondary flavor since the creamy uni was mild and the geoduck thinly sliced. 4.5 starsMeat course: Hand torn pasta, spigarello, braised beef cheek, sardo (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) Devoid of any Asian influence, this dish stuck out like a sore thumb. The heavy pasta fell into thick layers like a lasagna with no filling and begged for more cheese to lighten things up. The beef cheeks, however, were fork-tender and the deep red wine reduction gravy saved the course from disaster. 3.5 starsPomegranate granita, grapefruit, mint (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) This was the tastiest, most refreshing palate cleanser I've ever had and a great way to transition to dessert.  Unfortunately the was a large chunk of ice at the bottom that I had to crunch through. 4 starsSweet course: Chocolate caramel tart with candied bananas, banana rum ice cream (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) I have three words to describe this: Deep. Rich. YUM! 5 starsMignardise: Tangerine gelee. (yelp.com/biz_photos/orsa…) Totally lacking in flavor. 1 starWhile I enjoyed the meal, it occasionally felt like Centeno was trying to do too much, like he wanted to put out every possible flavor in front of his diners. I have a feeling that within a few months he'll fall into more of a groove and not feel the obligation to crank out dishes in which he is less than expert (ahem, pasta).
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2014,7/19/2014,484,473,21,27,24>Riverside Grill & Bar, along with the Avocado House, are the restaurant gems in the City of Chino. My wife and I enjoy coming here for breakfast. With that being said, let the Yelping begin.Parking is a bit limited because of the location. The restaurant is between a Chevron Gas station and a carwash. You can be lucky and find parking on-site, park along 7th Street and walk, or get your car washed as you enjoy your meal. Getting your car washed while eating is a good option if you ask me.   Let's start off with the friendly service and big smiles by staff. The second you walk in you are greeted by staff with great enthusiasm. I like that because it makes the experience that much better. On our last breakfast tour, I ordered the Marabelous Sunrise and my wife had the Biscuits and Gravy. My dish came with a sauteed spinach, mushroom, corn, and zucchini mix. That alone was so flavorful and delicious. My egg whites with fresh cuts of avocado, tomato salsa, and bread made the entire dish memorable. I took a bite of my wife's Biscuits and Gravy, that one bite was comfort food at its best. I almost went into food coma, yum. I almost forget to mention the Fresh Juices on the menu, I can get my juicing fix with any meal. My wife and I can't wait to come back again several times to try out the rest of the menu.This is the truly the local restaurant for people who live and work in Chino. If you are stuck on the 60 freeway and want to experience what locals enjoy, get off on Central, head south, make a right on Riverside Drive, and pay a visit to the Riverside Bar and Grill for some truly good eats.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2014,7/18/2014,3695,1087,25,42,36>It's hard to believe something this beautiful exists in the middle of LA. This tiny little block of forrest in Griffith Park is absolutely stunning. It feels very woodsy with all the greenery, water streams, vine covered bridges, ponds with fish, and shaded benches. It's quiet and peaceful, yet you can hear the stream running, birds chirping, dragonflies buzzing around, and leaves/twigs cracking in the bushes. This truly is a gem in Los Angeles, if there ever was one!Fern Deil is also really well-kept despite how many people constantly pass through it. You'll see the usual graffiti and tagging here and there, but maintenance will come through from time to time to clean that stuff up. The plants and trees are also really well-maintained. The vines and trees are always trimmed back to keep the path clear and safe. There is little to no trash lying around, and you really get a sense of being removed from the city. Although the freeway is just a half mile away, the trees and vines does a good job of soundproofing the noise from the roads and cars. Even on a hot summer day, Fern Deil stays cool and shadey--thank you majestic trees for your lovely branches and protection from the sun! It gets extremely packed on the weekends, but weekdays on a late afternoon are nice and secluded.This place is PURE MAGIC. If you need to get away for a few hours without leaving the city, this is a great spot. It stays relatively secluded during the week, but this place is packed on weekends.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/2/2014,7/17/2014,377,492,30,36,35>Hoy Ka = Dangling Legs (see pic posted for a description of where the name of the restaurant originated from)  The new location is spacious and modern...Love it! Seating: booths, regular and  high tables.Flat screens everywhere!  A great place to catch a game and pig out on yummy Thai food.  When I was there, the tvs were set to telemundo.  I thought that was funny =) Ordered:*Chicken Hoy Ka noodle soup- comes w/ sliced and ground chicken, fish cake, fish balls and bean sprouts in a tasty broth.  I didn't care for the sliced chicken, it was super dry and had a funky smell.  For the noodle soup, you get a choice of noodles (flat, thin rice, angel hair rice, egg, glass or thai vermicelli) and spice level.  No spicy for me!   *Papaya Salad- crisp shredded papaya in a sweet and salty "dressing"...delicious!  Loved the peanuts and there were generous amounts of it too!  *Chicken Ka Prao- stir fried ground chicken, string beans, basil and red chili pepper served with rice...it's my fav Thai dish!  Tip: don't forget to add a fried egg ($1)! The service was Good!  The servers were friendly and attentive.  They all wore plaid button-ups which I thought were cute =)Parking- street or small lot in the back.
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,7/16/2014,804,340,35,32,28>I love you.You don't love me, you just love the B.No. No, really.  I think this is love. Rossi,  please. Don't insult my intelligence. You just love the B.No, no really. I think this is love.Really, Rossi? Is it me? Am I the only one? Is my B the last B you will ever wrap your lips around?To love me and hold me and to cherish forever?Will I be the last B you sink into and the first that you want?*long long pauseOkay....Gawd.  Why do you have to make things so effin hard? I really really like you. You arethe best chilli rellano I ever had. Your beans are god damn near perfection. That little heat I get when I bite into you...damn, woman, this has to be at least the beginning of love and if it is...then it is love.You are nice. You are friendly.  You smell good. You are real. You feel like family.  I enjoy coming to you and I dream of your tortillas!!!If this isn't love...Then I guessI don't know what is.I don't. I guess I just don't. You are perfect.
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/27/2014,7/15/2014,818,503,38,43,42>Great place to take your dog for a bath or grooming.Tucker has been there about three or four times for a bath and he always looks and smells so good when I pick him up.  He is a medium size dog and they charge me $40 to wash him, trim his nails, clean his ears and express the you know what.  I just hate that word, so I'm not saying it or writing it.Tips:-  Take your pet for a nice little stroll up or down Honolulu first so he or she can mark their territory etc.-  I like to tip the groomers at least 20%. -  At pick up time it is helpful to bring help, so one person can run your dog out the front door so they can go relieve their bladder and not do it in the store.  The other person can go to the register to pay.  They take charge cards, so that's nice.-  Call to make an appointment, but I have called at the last minute too.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,7/14/2014,1172,111,45,32,35>Dear Petty Cash: It's 9am and I already want to be in you. If it's wrong to want tequila and nachos for breakfast, I don't wanna be right. You make me feel special when you let me order vegetables that just happen to come on a tortilla chip with lots of cheese. You're a mix of clean and dirty which is why we are compatible. You taught me about Palomas, a tequila-based grapefruity concoction for when I'm feeling a little less frisky than a margarita and want to take things slow. You make me feel like a lady. In my attempt to share a fish taco with my friend, I realized it wasn't enough and we needed another one to share because it was so good. I guess I'm needy sometimes. Even though Jake is an awesome bartender who made helpful suggestions and left me wanting for nothing, we can't be totally exclusive, because I'm also dating Melrose Umbrella and Eveleigh. but I'll see you soon because now you're on my weekly rotation. Make sure to save me a spot at the bar. I hope I'm one of your favorite girls. xoxoRachael
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,7/13/2014,3365,753,32,30,31>I kinda hoped this place was named after a husky hairy bearded midget that likes other husky hairy bearded midgets.....that would kind of explain the height of the urinal I guess...yelp.com/biz_photos/litt…Gawd I'm an idiot, please ignore me.BRAINLESS ON RASPBERRIESyelp.com/biz_photos/litt…This was so fruity even my fruity ass was shocked...I'm gonna say the wife ordered it.MAC N CHEESEyelp.com/biz_photos/litt…Pretty damn tasty, nice crispy exterior and smooth creamy interior.GRILLED CHEESE MELTyelp.com/biz_photos/litt…I was very impressed, definitely some quality cheesesCLASSIC BURGERyelp.com/biz_photos/litt…Really good, but surprisingly nothing exceedingly special considering the $14 price tag.  But still, really good.here's your FOOD PORN interior shot.yelp.com/biz_photos/litt…Not quite as medium rare as I would have liked it, but still, really good.MENS ROOM TOILETyelp.com/biz_photos/litt…Not as fancy as I like my toilets, but still, really good.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,7/12/2014,72,446,32,42,36>Take a bow...and that's exactly what my masseur did after I informed him that he just gave me a really good, if not the best, massage ever!  Given that I workout regularly, I tend to build knots in my muscles, so I treat myself with massages to remove those knots and toxins.  Over the years, I've experienced some really good massages, some average massages, and some massages from people that either don't have a license or probably cheated to get a massage license.  Well, I can proudly say that I was thoroughly impressed with the massage I recently received from Justin, who is state-licensed, at the Beverly Hot Springs Spa.Undoubtedly, the trained and professional staff at this spa embody the principles of excellence.  This place came highly recommended to me from a good friend that has been receiving services from this spa for many years.  Though he's retired, he still frequents this place at least once a month, as these massage services are helping to keep his body intact.  Never before, have I had a Massage Therapist get under my muscles to massage.  Justin utilized such a dynamic and diverse method of massaging that almost put me to sleep, but kept me in suspense, as I was enthralled with the transitions of the techniques.  Most massage places use soothing music to create a soothing ambiance, but the music here seem to be overshadowed by the amazing and professional massaging, in my opinion.  It was amazing to receive this deep tissue massage without any pressure.  Justin was able to move and massage the muscles without applying much pressure, and slowly turned each leg to the opposite side of my body, allowing my vertebrae to pop in almost a rhythmic way.  Absolutely amazing!  In addition, hot towels were laid over my body toward the end of the massage and I was given a lighter version of a massage through the hot towels, which created a deeper state of relaxation.  Rarely, if ever, were Justin's hands idle.  Justin moved from one muscle group to the next effortlessly and in smooth transition.  When my massage was over I felt like I stood taller and my body was so rejuvenated.  In addition to the unforgettable and professional massages here, you can partake of the pool that has mineral water that feels smooth and oily...almost heavenly.  There's a policy to be quiet at all times and this spa is sure to never overbook, to avoid being crowded, and they prefer you utilize the spa for no more than two hours.  Beverly Hot Springs is an oasis that's almost life-changing and is definitely bucket list worthy!All in all, this place is amazing.  Prices aren't cheap, but your body deserves special attention and to be professionally maintained periodically.  Some massage places can do more damage than good to your body, as some places have untrained staff.  That is definitely not the case at Beverly Hot Springs.  My massage was $110 for one hour, and it was well worth it.  Their website has specials and lists the array of services this spa has to offer.  The mineral water alone in the pools are enough to make you want to come back every week.  If you want to utilize the spa without receiving any service, the entrance fee is $40.  Sounds pricey, but don't judge it until you try it...better yet, just call and reserve your next spa service at Beverly Hot Springs.  See you there...but remember to be quiet and civilized.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,7/11/2014,4339,292,43,55,52>I've been hearing the raving reviews for Chego for a while now and I'm happy to say that I can finally jump on the bandwagon.  Chego is SUPERB!  Came here for brunch at 11am on a Sunday to meet up with Yelp foodies Sharr and Liz!  Chego opens at 11am so they weren't too busy when we got there.  They have limited seating inside but lots of seating outside.  Okay, lets get to the food!  Ooey Gooey Fries - cheesy delight3PM Meatballs - a couple steps up from your average meatballsTiny's Prime Rib Rice Plate - MUST ORDER, kinda spicy, good quality beef, very tastyChubby Pork Belly - MUST ORDER, it'll make your taste buds fall in love with you!Sour Cream Hen House - good flavor, the sour cream works really well with this dish.  Kung Pau Noodle Bowl - fantastic, good dish for vegetarians, would be better if it had meat like the 3PM Meatballs!    Yes, we over-ordered.  :)AND a nice bonus is.....FREE CORKAGE!  After all, you can't have a proper brunch without mimosas!  Parking is free under the restaurant but if you can't find the entrance there are plenty of paid lots close to the restaurant for $5.I'll definitely be a regular here!
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,7/9/2014,354,165,20,24,22>Filipino food with overall Asian fusion with Korean and Vietnamese and Thai.  I'll go right to my favorites:Filipino Scotch Egg: my pictures couldn't do it justice because I still suck at Iphotos and the dim lighting but this was hands down my favorite.  An egg, hard cooked, wrapped in a house-made longanisa garlic sausage, breaded and nestled in atchara slaw.  The egg is actually cooked just under hard-cooked so the yolk can still be a little soft.  It's also marinated in adobo (a traditional Philippine marinade made of vinegar, soy sauce, and garlic).  It will be hard to fight the urge to take a million pictures before eating it. The perfect starter that kick-starts the palette before going onto something hearty (i.e. Bulgogi burger).  It's both creamy and crunchy.  Eat it slowly and savor it because there will be a lot going on with your tastebuds.  Or you can do what we did and order two more plates of it to savor it all over again.Roasted Brussel Sprouts.  I love brussel sprouts, even as a kid (which kind of makes me a freak) so this was a treat as it was combined with roasted pork belly, house-made kimchi and crème fraiche.  I was a happy camper until I realized that everyone in my group finished it off before I had my second bite (spent a little too much time savoring the Filipino Scotch Egg).  Total foodie foul.Oxtail Chili Fries: heavy, but the oxtail is tender and is slathered along with the cheese all over the fries.  A good blend of salty and sweet and savory.  For dessert, I had the Taho, which was a tofu custard with caramel, tapioca pearls/balls, sesame and rice cake crumble.  The custard was so sweet that we thought it was more of a flan type custard (we forgot that the waiter told us it was a tofu custard).  The tofu custard, alone, and without all the embellishments, could have been a dessert.The decor was hip and modern with dim lighting.  Everything seemed like it was furnished out of Urban Home, which is a plus because I love Urban Home.  We sat in the lounge area up front and though it's not a common spot to eat (we were told we were the first), they were extremely accomodating and brought additional little low tables for all the plates and beers for our small group.A very friendly staff that doesn't hover with a lot of personability.  Management came down a few times to ask us about our dishes and also shoot the breeze, which was very welcome.  This place is relatively new so the chef came out afterwards and asked for our feedback, but I also have a feeling that it's something that he would have done regardless.  I'm a big fan of restaurants who like to have a relationship between the diners and chef.It's located right across from Lucky Baldwin's and down the street from Copa Vida.  Parking can be a bit tough even with the parking garage across the street (it fills up fast on the weekend) but that's a downtown Pasadena thing and largely out of the restaurant's control.  This is a quality Asian fusion bistro that stands alone in Pasadena where there tends to be more gimmicky/commercial Asian dining experiences for diners who don't frequent the unique eateries in the Asian districts.Beer selection is a bit small.  And pricey. Also, it would be nice if the happy hour hours were extended a bit.  Note: Yelpers get a 50% off their first beer if they check in.  I was the only Yelper in my group and they went ahead and applied that 50% discount to everyone, which was awesome.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2014,7/8/2014,1113,491,20,32,27>Love the concept, love the flavor combinations, love the service. Probably not the best thing ever, but it is something special. Something so simple yet elegant. Each Popsicle can be customized and is decorated upon order. So every order is unique and special. Fun way to think about it.Personal favorite would be the nutella banana one. I like nutella, I like bananas, and putting it on a popsicle is obviously a genius idea. Another fave would be the strawberry mango one. It has the sour, savory, and spicy taste of the Mexican candy that you get from the ice cream trucks. Very nostalgic. Very clever. Unfortunately, my friends didn't like it as much as I did. They didn't think it was worth the money. Or just not really a fan of popsicles. I made the argument that if this place was in a trendier place like Beverly hills or silver lake, this place would blow up and they could charge $5-6 and people would still happily pay for it.I'm glad it's so close to where I live, I think it's reasonably priced, and I can't wait to go back and try something new. 5 out of 5 stars for the ice bar.
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,7/7/2014,1224,611,13,26,20>SOS.  Let me tell ya boy...it'll rescue your taste buds from boredom.The cuisine is from the Iberian region of Spain housed in an intimately sized dining room with sound that resonates lively conversations off the walls. If you're claustrophobic or hate being around people who will absolutely hear your dinner banter, this is not for you (and neither is life, you sad human, you). What not to miss:-Truita de carxofes: Artichoke omelet  - because we all need some veg to balance the carnivorous feast to follow.- Bunyols de bacalla: Cod croquetas - be careful when biting into them - it's like a fried cod dumpling full of oozy goodness.- Bravas trencades - Fried potatoes. Serrano ham. Chorizo. Fried egg. The end.- Flam d'erico: Sea Urchin flan. I repeat: Sea urchin flan. With caviar and shrimp chili oil.- Pluma Iberica: Wood-fire grilled butcher's filet Iberico pork. That Xato sauce. Ooh.Come hungry, leave smelling like campfire.  Your hair, clothes, soul, your very existence...EVERYTHING will reek of smoke. But hey, small price to pay for the smoky goodness on your plate. You're welcome.
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,7/6/2014,961,297,13,24,18>Good god. This is what I imagine 'fine dining heaven" would look like if it consisted of a strange marriage of modernized antique furniture, male diners in business suits, and aesthetically pleasing tapas. For $86.00 per person, my roommate, Bella, and I ordered 2 mixed drinks, 6 small bites, and a dessert. That price tag included 20% tip and tax, and in my opinion, it was damn worth the money. Being as it was her first time, my roommate ordered the "Magic" Mojito (after I insisted she does), which was sweet due to the cotton candy. It's just how she likes her drinks. I ordered the Bellini, which was standard, peachy and bubbly, yay! Tapas we ordered (and loved): Seared scallops romesco sauce * 14- Can't go wrong with scallops. Meaty texture, perfectly seared crust, paired off with an addicting sauce that tasted very much like miso or a milder version of Korean doenjang (fermented soybean paste). So good and easy to share between two people.Seared Wagyu flank steak w/ piquillo pepper sphere * 16- The steak itself was well seasoned, chewy in texture and the piquillo pepper spheres were sweet. They had this wonderful quality of just popping in your mouth like a juicy cherry tomato. A great dish to try though if you're on budget, it's not essential  (in my opinion, as there are other awesome-r signature dishes). Bagel and lox cone* Per Person  9- Classic. It's Jose's twist on a bagel and lox except in the form of a thin wafer shaped into a cone, filled with a cream cheese sort of spread, and topped off with fish roe. YUM! Never underestimate anything that comes served in a cone. Brussels sprouts w/ Lemon purée, apricots, grapes, lemon air *10- My favorite vegetable-based dish. The brussel sprouts are light and dressed very simply. Just barely bitter and made super aromatic from the lemon zest. They paired well with the diced dry apricots, which helped offset the bitter and citrus flavors with a little bit of sweetness. (A discovery we made is that if you accidentally spill some of the Magic Mojito into the dish, the alcoholic drink actually enhances the flavors. A strange discovery really). "Philly cheesesteak" made of air bread, cheddar and Wagyu beef * Per Person 9- A must order. MUST. I don't care if you think you're a self-acclaimed master of philly cheesesteaks, you just have to try Jose's take on it. It's seriously the ultimate foodgasm: thin crispy "bread" filled with this heavenly velvety liquid cheddar and topped off with very thin slices of wagyu beef. So tasty, so delicious, so worth the extra calories/carbs/$$. Sea urchin made with avocado and steamed buns (3 each) * 13- Another must order. This is my favorite dish of all the tapas I've ever tried. Another foodgasm creation of pure deliciousness: velvety sea urchin just melting in your mouth, a few crunchy vegetables, a slice of pepper, a drizzle of a sweet tangy sauce, all sandwiched in between doughy light buns. I drool. So so good, I insist you try it. Dessert we tasted: Nitro Coconut Floating Island which had passion fruit and vanilla  12-  Classic. Must try dessert with a visual presentation to go with it. Traditional Spanish Flan which had vanilla and citrus    12- SOOOO good. Our server was super nice and had it ordered for us, on the house, and I'm so glad he did. He insisted that it's the simplest things that often taste the best and I couldn't agree with him more. If you like custard-like desserts that taste of caramel, topped with creamy vanilla whipped cream and offset by slivers of tangy orange, you will love this dessert. I might actually think I liked this better than the Floating Island. It was a more homey sort-of comfort dessert to me.Aside from the fact that the food tasted great, why does the Bazaar deserve another 5 star review? Back to that server. He was so sweet to send us dessert  on the house, and very easy to talk to. He made our experience end on a happy note and I'm very thankful and appreciative of his services. Will be back again some time this year for sure, and hopefully, I'll get to see him again! Props to management for hiring someone with superb customer service and communication skills.
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,7/5/2014,1121,246,29,33,33>In a nutshell: The fabled Kogi truck. Korean fusion. 'Nuff said.I've heard through the grapevine that the Kogi truck was one of the pioneers of Korean fusion, and possibly one of the pioneers of the non-construction-site-roach-coach-food-trucks era. If so, then awesome. If not, I'm going to keep thinking they did anyway. I've also been to Chego, which is also owned by the guy who owns this truck. Review can be found here: (yelp.com/biz/chego-los-a…)I can never be where Kogi is or has been. I was lucky that they were set up at LAUSD Arts Fest recently in Grand Park. I brought my group here to perform, and lucked out that Kogi was also in attendance.Here's what I got:Chicken Burrito - AVery tasty. All the flavors went well together, and the kimchi wasn't too overpowering. I still like the burritos at Cha Cha Chili a little better because of their lettuce mix.Spicy Pork Taco - AAlso quite tasty. Advice: Get a combo. I got a burrito, a taco, and a drink for $6. I really appreciated their pricing, as I had just gone to the Cousins Maine Lobster truck and ate a really small $13 dollar sandwich that made me hungrier. Womp.Overall, food was good, and even though there were a ton of people ordering, turn around time was actually pretty good. I applaud you, Kogi Truck!Definitely going to search this truck out again in the future.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2014,7/4/2014,802,369,27,34,29>I've been DULCE'FIED!Yup! Admittedly Cafe Dulce captured my caffeine loving taste buds. Located in the bustling charming Japanese Village Plaza, Cafe Dulce offers a distinct memorable selection of coffee & pastries.Their location couldn't be much nicer, an almost 180 degree view of the ever so busy Japanese Village plaza offers a cool vista of the surrounding establishments. The ambiance at Cafe dulce is what you call "Casual Cool"  patrons are an interesting mix of the young and "mature", professionals and the curious, a conglomeration of citizens from the worlds continents - trust me, it's very diverse, Believe You Moi, Oui! Oui! Si! Si!  Hai!Their al fresco seating with the vibrant yellow umbrella sure gives the area a very nice pop of color in contrast to the stark dark brown establishments almost all through out the place, once you get inside, the aroma and the assortment of donuts, churros, brick-toast and more behind the glass cabinet presents itself like a visual culinary sweet-tooth overload!... ...Strawberry & Cream, Chocolate, Macadamia, and Bacon doughnuts (OMG) Koko & Spirulina Churros, Snow caps, Red beans & Mocha, Green tea, Vanilla and Bacon Donut holes...OMG, the list just goes on and I haven't even started with the beverage selection yet!!! All these yumyums were good but my faves were the KoKo & Spirulina churros.Now lets talk Caffeine!The first time I visited Cafe Dulce, The Vietnamese Hot Coffee was recommended to me, I have always loved a good cup of vietnamese coffee but served cold, so drinking it hot was quite a new and delicious experience for me, needless to say, if you want an energy spike when your energy is about to crash and burn - give this sweet and energy boosting bevie a try, it's delish and will sure perk you up! One of my personal fave caffeine loaded beverage at Cafe Dulce.The Cafe Dulce latte sneaked in also as my second favorite beverage here, the lovely rich froth with an artfully designed heart on top sure brought out the iPhone out of my pocket (coffee selfie)...the lovely balance of sweetness and richness is a drink worth having even for a lactose like me (I don't care..I love it!)With treats like these and specialty beverage as such, Cafe Dulce is not that difficult to love, the friendly staff, clean shop and the interesting crowd - it's really my kind of coffee spot.Go ahead and give them a try, there is structure parking which is free for an hour (validated) or you could try to street park...it's as scarce as a frog teeth in the winter but who knows it might be your lucky day (don't forget to feed the meter!)Kampai (slurp!)
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,7/3/2014,1388,397,23,42,35>Opening day!!! All you have to do is utter the magic words "housemade sausages" and I am there. Well, someone uttered those magic words...and I was there...and it was good!Picnik is a collaboration between Eduardo Ruiz, the chef and co-owner of Corazón y Miel, and Michael Puglisi, formerly of Bouchon. All of the sausages are hand made in house!!!Outdoor patio and indoor bar seating....order at the outside window or at the bar...serve yourself condiment bars. Drinks? How about 24 beers on tap, full bar, and bottled craft sodas. Nice selection of sausages and plates. All of the sides looked yummy!Sausages are served on soft, toasted baguettes and include 2 toppings - I had the Spicy Italian sausage with sauerkraut and sauteed peppers...delish! Also tried the fries...shoestring and made in house...also delish!All of the staff were very customer focused and very enthusiastic! Everyone seemed genuinely excited about the opening and the food!Looks like I am going to be a regular. Already planning what sausage I am going to order next...Chicken sausage (sauerkraut and peppers) with potato salad and the roasted corn on the cob...oh yeah!Welcome to the neighborhood Picnik!!! You are my new BFF!
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2014,7/2/2014,795,221,32,29,30>Walking into Mission Wine & Spirits is just pure eye-candy for the alchy.The interior is brightly lit with clean & organized shelves, nicely stacked endcaps, wood planked vaulted ceilings & polished concrete floors. It's just gorgeous. Your eye wonders about & just for a split second you forget why you're there in the first place. LIQUOR! WINE! BEERS! Right! The first time I walked into the establishment I was there for one thing and one thing only. CRAFT BEERS.Greeted with big smiles on their faces & $$ signs in their eyes...their customer service is bar none the best in the business. "Where is the craft beer section?" One of the three gents behind the counter emerged before me..."Right this way sir..." as he led me down the isle to the refrigerated section. "Well thank you good sir" I said while shushing him away with my eyes."If I can be of any assistance, just call out.""Of course I will."I scanned the shelves quickly noticing a variety of crafts from California breweries not unlike some of my "go-to" liquor stores...meaning, they carry some of the same crafts I'm accustomed to. But wait...what is this? There before me is a nice selection of German / Bavarian Biers! SCORE! I grabbed a few I've never tried before. After making my selection, I decided to pan the isles just for a look see. Vodkas, Rums, Bourbons...Wines; the more I scanned, the more I noticed the prices. Do my eyes deceive me? Its true, MW&S is much less in price than the average you'll find elsewhere. DOUBLE SCORE!As I head to check out & start placing my selected beers on the counter. I inquire about certain craft beers to the gent behind the register, puzzled, he in turn asks his co-worker. Both are perplexed, but it's okay. Crafts aren't for everyone. I enquired about certain bourbons & scotches, and boy oh boy, do they know their shyte about liquors! "Ok guys, I'll definitely be back soon!" After checking out, I was so happy with my receipt, I smiled all the way back to the car.Those dollar signs I saw in their eyes earlier, wasn't because they're price gougers (which they're not), it's because every time a newbie walks in through these doors, they see a future repeat customer as long as this establishment stands.I'm a fan. I'm deez®, drink responsibly, I'm out. #UNTAPPD
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,7/1/2014,476,584,34,51,43>About a week ago I saw the most glorious picture: *an inspiring spectrum of eight different types of Pork Belly* from Eight Korean Bbq posted onto Instagram by @YelpLA and I had bookmarked this restaurant immediately!! :D I happened to be in the Koreatown area over the weekend and when my cousin asked me to decide on where to eat for lunch, I knew this spot would not disappoint... and surely it went beyond my expectations!! The location is easy to find and there is a private lot. I was pleased that I was not required to valet my car (unlike most places in the area). We were greeted and seated in a timely manner. Since it was both of our first times at this restaurant, we ordered the 8 Flavors Set ($49.99) which includes the 8 flavors of Pork Belly, Seafood Soybean Stew, Mushrooms, Squash, Kimchi, Bean Sprouts and a Mixed Salad. All of the sides and the salad came out first. If this is your first time, don't ask for chopsticks!!! Chopsticks, spoons and napkins are conveniently located in a drawer right beneath the table!!! Yeah, we made the mistake... oops :) MIXED SALAD: Simple and delicious. The greens selected in the mix are of high quality. There were no bruises or decay on any of the leaves. The sauce was light, which was perfect for this type of meal.SIDE ITEMS: My cousin made a remark that she wishes they had more side items. I do love having a large array of side dishes, but I know the more authentic spots focus more on the quality of their superstar... and for this spot, the super star is definitely the Pork Belly. We still had kimchi, bean sprouts, pumpkin slices and radish done two ways. We really enjoyed these sides and the workers were not cheap about giving us more as soon as we were running low.SEAFOOD SOYBEAN STEW: Wow, this stew is delicious!! It is placed on its' own stove the whole time. At first on high heat while the seafood cooks to perfection, and then lowered to a low temperate to keep the seafood items heated the whole time. The stew had baby octopus, soft shelled crab, mussels, clams, tofu and other veggies to give u a perfect balance with the high consumption of Pork Belly. PORK BELLY: I think eating this just ruined any Pork Belly served at other restaurants. Before coming here, I usually only eat Pork Belly when I go to all you can eat Korean BBQ restaurants. I did not realize Pork Belly could come at such a high quality!!!! Each piece came with a perfect amount of fat and it would just melt in your mouth!! The eight different types are Wine, Original, Ginseng, Garlic, Herbs, Curry, Miso Paste and Hot. The original paired perfectly with the dipping sauce we got. My favorite was definitely the garlic and my cousin said she couldn't pick a favorite between the garlic and the herb. We agreed that the ginseng and miso paste Pork Bellies were are distinctive to our palettes. On the other hand, the wine, curry and hot were able to absorb the marinate and develop its' own interesting flavor. The hot wasn't really hot, so don't worry if you are spicy-sensitive. What a good deal!!! All of that food for $49.99!! The Pork Belly alone would have been worth the price, but the Seafood Stew with its' ample amount of baby octopus, soft shelled crab, mussels and clams really made this deal a winner!! We could barely walk out of there, and we were even able to togo our unfinished Pork Belly!! This was no ordinary experience!! Eight Korean Bbq is without a doubt 500th review worthy and I will most definitely come back :) The food is amazing and the service was above par!! What more can I ask for?!?!
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2014,6/30/2014,530,387,14,16,15>The OG go-to spot for Salvadorean food.  The food is pretty good and super affordable.The Pan con Pavo was spot on.  I couldn't have asked for a better example of the signature dish of El Salvador.  Essentially turkey stew in a french roll, the meat was tender and fell apart at the touch.  Just my picky observation, nothing that takes away from the deliciousness of the dish, but I would have liked to see a bit more of the sauce topping the turkey.  Still a pretty good entrée.The cortido was good - our party aced the entire jar of it and we weren't close to finishing our plates.As for the pupusas, they were OK, but I still prefer the ones up the street at Jaragua based on the 2 I had - beans/cheese/pork and loroco.  The loroco was good, though the combo pupusa was not quite as appetizing, just ok.  I'd recommend the loroco for sure.Still I'm partial to the other spot up the street, but I wouldn't say no if someone suggested this place to eat.  Definitely a fan.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,6/29/2014,547,247,23,24,18>My first advice for those looking to come here. Do not come here on a Saturday afternoon on an empty stomach. The wait is incredibly long. With that out of the way. Golden Deli is located in a strip mall a few doors down from a 7-11. Just where you'd expect to find good authentic Vietnamese food, right? Oh and the name, Golden Deli. If that doesn't scream Vietnamese Restaurant, I don't know what does. However, this place is definitely legit. The food here is as good as any. And the service is just as brash and as unorthodox. Think DMV only they serve you delicious food here. When you first come in, don't just get in line, approach the front and get a number. They will call your number when a table is ready but in some cases, they'll seat family friends and skip hungry, number holding patrons. We were a victim when our number was next to be called only to be thwarted when the owner approached a group of 3 gentleman and personally escorted them to the table. Argh... Bastards.The atmosphere and interior decor leaves little to be desired here. It looks dated and dingy and nothing in the restaurant would indicate that it's a Vietnamese restaurant other than a couple of bamboo looking structure. I think in it's previous life, this place was a pizza joint. But you know what, you go to a restaurant to too fill your tummy, not for the eye candy. If you want eye candy, may I suggest the beach.Ordering was easy, a bowl of Bun Rieu & Oc for me, while the GF had a bowl of Pho #7. I was slightly disappointed that the Bun Rieu didn't have crab but instead they used shrimp. But it was still tasted great. As for the Pho #7, In her words, it was very good and delicious. :)We also shared an order of Nem Nuong Cuon (Do It Yourself Spring Roll w/ Pork Sausage). It was fun to see how ugly our spring rolls turned out but luckily, it was just as delicious if not better then the pre-made ones.This place is highly recommended.
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2014,6/28/2014,492,151,18,24,22>My first time here was during my first years in college... Now flash forward some few years. This spot feels exactly the same. Cute and cozy. I think I just got a little nostalgic. I still remember the first dish I ever ate here -- Fried Halibut. My friend introduced me to it and I just loved it so much. It includes fried halibut, minced pork rice and a side of their homemade sauce. It's so delicious! I knew I had to get it again when I visited just recently. This time I also ordered a large cup of their Early Grey Milk Tea. That paired with my halibut could seriously be one of my favorite meals in my lifetime. Something about that milk tea is so addicting. Never had anything like it. They brew the tea fresh and it's totally worth the wait. I suggest going up a size because it's only 50 cents. You'll seriously want more...Service was great. Everyone was super friendly there. Most of the crowd were college students not surprisingly, since they are right across the street from Mt. San Antonio College. Still, I would go out of my way to eat here just because everything is good and affordable. Heck, I would go out my way just for that Earl Grey Milk Tea!
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,6/27/2014,440,831,25,29,28>I have been trying to get reservations for this place for a million months, finally I got it!!!  There is lots of available street parking and also valet if you want.  The place is right in the art district and where people live.  Right when you walk in you see a small patio area and then when you're inside, you can smell the delicious food being cooked.  I like how the place has a nice view of what the chefs are up to.  You see them prepping your food and the bar is a very nice place too.  The service is excellent!Now onto the food.  Our first dish was the grilled octopus and calamari, I liked the grilled octopus.  The pieces of grilled octopus were a little burnt and it brought out a nice charcoal flavor to it.  We got the mussels and clams next. HEAVEN in a bowl of seafood!  The sauce that is used was sooo good, I recommend you dip your pieces of bread into that sauce. Soo sooo soooo good!  You can taste every ingredient or spice that they use in their dish.  Our final dish was the Cavatelli alla Norcina.  I thought this dish was pretty expensive for just a small portion of pasta, but it was pretty good.  I wish they would've gave us a bigger portion for what we paid.  AND DRUM ROLL, the main event I was waiting for... COFFEE AND DONUTS! Boy did it not disappoint!  The zeppole was amazing, you can taste the strong taste of cinnamon and if you dip it in the coffee ice cream, it is heavenly!  This would be a great place to take on a date, but also it wouldn't be a great place to take a date.  Its great for the food and the fact that you can share the dishes.  But it can get pretty noisy with all the conversations going on and the loud music, but definitely a place I would love to come back and try their other dishes that they have t offer! BESTIA see you again!
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2014,6/26/2014,115,174,59,68,63>AYCE Sushi is an all you can eat sushi restaurant. This is not a buffet where you just walk up and get food to your table. You order the sushi from the menu and mark how many orders you want on a checklist. Then you hand the checklist to the server and the sushi chefs make it for you. On the checklist, there's three columns for three different rounds. You can even go beyond round three. But I doubt anyone would get past the second round especially if you order a lot of sushi on the first round. Their menu has pictures of all the sushi rolls and the ingredients so you know what you're ordering. They don't have pictures of the nigiri sushi but it's not hard to figure out since it's just fish over rice. A lot of the rolls have very interesting names.They have 20 appetizers, 21 nigiris, 19 regular rolls, 11 fresh rolls, 3 baked rolls, 8 tempura rolls, 13 no rice rolls, and 19 hand rolls to choose from. Most of the sushi rolls come in 8 pieces. For an order of nigiri sushi, you get two pieces.Here's some of my favorites: Salmon Nigiri- The salmon was super fresh! Thick long cuts. This is practically the only fish I really care about at sushi restaurants. I liked that the rice portion was small, which sets this place apart from other places. I mean who cares about the rice because it's all about the fish!Ex-Girlfriend Roll- Crabmeat and spicy tuna rapped with soy paper, tuna, yellow tail, and salmon. This is a no rice roll. Indeed delectable but makes you wonder how she became your ex if she was this good? Zen Zen Roll- Spicy crabmeat wrapped with salmon. This is a no rice roll. Lots of crabmeat and the salmon was really thick. Za-Gi-Ya Roll- Avocado, crabmeat, cucumber, and ebi shrimp, topped with salmon. This is a no-rice roll. Definitely one of my favorites.Ex-Boyfriend Roll- Spicy crabmeat with shrimp tempura wrapped with soy paper, salmon, and white tuna. This is a no rice roll. Spicy deliciousness.But seriously, I don't know why they would have Ex-Boyfriend and Ex-Girlfriend as names for their rolls. It's like aren't you supposed to move on from your exes? But then you realize that they were good and end up coming back for more. Maybe that's what they're trying to aim for? Because hell it is working and I'm definitely going to order those rolls again!Service has been decent for the most part. I have had to flag servers when it gets busy. At least they're friendly.There is no time limit! So you can eat however long you want. You have to finish the rolls that you order or else they will charge you by the price of the roll that's listed on the menu.Lunch is from 11:30am to 3pm. $19.95 per personDinner is from 5:00pm to 10:00pm. $23.95 per personSunday and Holidays are $23.95 per person.$2 dollar discount for students!! And yes, I got a discount.Overall, this is a great sushi place! I loved the no rice rolls and most importantly, the salmon! I'll definitely be back to try more sushi rolls!
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,6/25/2014,282,108,16,23,19>Oh man! The corn pancakes are delicious! Never had it before and I love cornbread! Definitely a MUST-TRY!First time experiencing this little cozy breakfast/brunch spot. Just walking into this diner, I felt like I was at home. It has that home feeling where everyone comes here, enjoys a cup of joe, and chats with the servers. It has that friendly family ambiance feel. The owners were extremely nice. They seem pretty busy but they still have the time to stop by your table and have a short conversation with you.The breakfast burrito was extremely delicious too. It was made to perfection. But the highlight of my meal was the corn pancakes. Thanks to the owner who recommended it to us. Definitely worth trying this place. I am coming back here for sure. I found my new breakfast/brunch spot. Can't wait to try other items on their menu.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,6/24/2014,842,430,32,35,28>What I ordered:Corned Beef on Sourdough and 1/2 #19 sandwich and salad comboWhat I spent:$30.20That's right ... $30.20 For a sandwich and a 1/2 a sandwich and salad combo.I'm not sure why it took me so long to finally visit Langer's. Maybe because it's been around since 1947, I know it's not going anywhere.Maybe because I just feel that if you go to pretty much any deli, you'll get the same satisfaction.Maybe it's because I know I can get ANY $5 footlong at Subway during January-any.Whatever the reason, I know I'll be back.  The only thing I would do different is go with a group so I could just take a bite of the other variety of sandwiches Langer's has to offer instead of buying 1.5 sandwiches on my own.Langer's isn't at 2,018 reviews and counting with a 4.5 star average for nothing.PS - I know the reason why it took me so long ... I HATE spending $15+ for a sandwich, but sometimes I like to treat my self.youtu.be/ZsABTmT1_M0Langer's  ...  Treat Yo Self
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,6/23/2014,265,137,14,25,20>How did we turn a potential nightmare move into literally the best moving experience we have ever had? Hired North Star. Yeah I know, it sounds like a cheesy ad but it's the truth and my wife and I have moved 7 times in total over the years. Here's how this North Star crew earned a $100 tip and lunch from us at the end of the day.We chose to move on Friday FEB 28th and of course that would be one of the rainiest days in recent L.A. history ( according the the weather dude in LA it rained more on our move day than the total for the previous 18 months combined). So the nerves and stress were off the charts that morning....until Agustine and his crew showed up and started hustling like a NASCAR pit crew, wrapping, prepping and moving stuff.These guys were pros! They wrapped the furniture with plastic, covered by pads, covered by plastic again and only moved items between breaks of any rain (kept our stuff bone dry al day). They also had an elevator move on both ends of the move and a LONG walk at the destination point but never complained, and actually worked faster on the destination to meet the time I was given in the estimate.This is THE 1ST TIME EVER I did a move and did not have hidden costs or workers slacking at the end to increase the fee and it was appreciated. Great service. Great staff and the guy named Ron Cohen that came out to do the estimate stayed in touch with me early that day and THROUGHOUT the day, another first. In the past these sales guys get a deal signed and disappear but Ron was the opposite, contacted me three time throughout the day until the move was complete.These guys were a class act. I can definitely vouch for Agustine and his crew of Saul and Oscar....plus they had swag with their matching shirts and digs.If there were 6 stars I would've handed that out without hesitation. Highly recommend these guys. And if you're reading this North Star....thank you.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,6/22/2014,33,99,44,52,18>I don't get out much.  When I do, my first choice certainly would not be to a club.  However, since my wonderful girlfriend from Ohio was making an unexpected visit to Cali so soon after her last one, I could not very well decline the invite.All the girls were going to celebrate a birthday, so there was a huge group of us.   I'm so glad Boulevard3 was the one chosen as the venue versus all the other clubs they could have picked.  I met up with the rest of my group after they had already gone inside but since I was on the guest list, no lines.  Yay!  I'll patiently wait over 30 minutes for a ride at Disneyland but it irks me to wait even 3 minutes to get into something lame like a club.After getting situated, my GF wanted to knock back some shots, so I walked with her to the bar.  The bartender gave me my drink (non-alcoholic) on the house.  So far, so good.  Now for the review...Cons:-$20 cover charge-It's Hollywood, which means no parking.  So depending on where you go, it'll cost anywhere from about $8-20.  I paid $15 to valet my car because I didn't want to deal with driving around, looking for the best deal.  Sorry, my time is more valuable.-Weird smoky atmosphere inside.  Don't know what that was about but the main dance floor (what they call their "Ballroom") was foggy.  It was very weird to me that I couldn't see you clearly unless you were about 18 inches from my face.Pros (plenty of them):-It's really nice.  You don't feel like you're in some ghetto establishment.  Even though I'm not a fan of the cover charge, money does tend to keep out the riff raff.-The entertainment, AKA the dancers, were mesmerizing to watch.  Two out of the three (not the White blonde, though she was pretty good) were amazing performers.  There was this guy on stilts, kid you not, who was up there dancing with one of the girls- throwing and spinning her around While On Freakin' STILTS.  That wowed me.-The music, spun by DJ Wreckineyez, was hugely varied from the early 90s to current pop music.  It was pretty good, although sometimes the transition wasn't as smooth as it could have been from one song to the next and some songs sucked in relation to being a dance song.  The sound system was very good.  Dare I say too good?  I couldn't hear anything for a while after we left the place.  My eardrums were dead.-Clean.  The restrooms were decent and never had a line.-Their bottle service is topnotch.  I mean, these people were SO good at what they do.  They were completely on top of it, constantly checked on us, made sure bottles didn't empty out, repeatedly cleared trash off our table, removing empty cups and glasses, etc.  We never had to call them to do anything; their eyes were always scanning.  I loved it.  I am not a drinker, I don't do alcohol and I mean NO alcohol, so I've never done bottle service of any kind.  But this, wow, is this what I've been missing?  We got a nice table with soft cushy chairs and benches.  It was so nice to be dancing, then just plop on down and sit out for 20 minutes or whatever when I wasn't feeling the music and eat chocolate-covered strawberries with my heels off.The chocolate strawberries were the ugliest I had ever seen though.  To the point where I actually laughed.  I mean, whomever dipped our strawberries had to despise his/her job.  I could just see it in each and every berry, "I. HATE. This. Stupid. Job" as each strawberry was angrily thrown into the chocolate.  They looked like they had the sad misfortune of falling into sh!t or something, but anyway, enough about the strawberries.  At least they tasted okay.This was definitely the best clubbing experience I've had; it's certainly spoiled me on going clubbing in the future.  If it's not going to be like this every time, I think I'll have to pass.TIP: If you get bottle service, get it on the dance floor of the Ballroom.  Anywhere else, like the Mezzanine, is pretty lame.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2014,6/21/2014,344,167,18,26,24>A Los Feliz mainstay, and for good reason ... it's awesome.  Big crowd in the lobby?  No worries -- perfectly acceptable red, rose and white wine while you wait -- for $1; just ask for some when you give your name.  Save the diet for another day, as the pasta is super good and the pizza is a hit.  Parking is not happening in this neighborhood; use valet directly behind the restaurant or be prepared for an (often fruitless) epic parking space hunt.  BTW, Palermo's is where all the hot cops eat.  No lie.
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2014,6/20/2014,479,516,15,35,28>I went to Olvera Street for the first time this weekend for Cinco de Mayo festivities, I can't believe I haven't been here yet- Mexican food, cute shops, and LA history- what's not to love? The area has several historical buildings along with shopping kiosks and wooden-floored shops carrying Mexican trinkets (do a loop around before buying- prices vary and you may see the same blanket for less a few stalls later), authentic Mexican dresses, small pinatas, dolls made in Mexico, candies...Since I was there for Cinco de Mayo they had booths of local businesses and Mexican-influenced brands giving away everything from canned pinto beans to apple soda. There was a stage with a band playing and a grassy area , a brick courtyard, historical buildings, and a festive atmosphere all around. I'd love to return for future cultural events or just to eat a real Mexican meal.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2014,6/19/2014,533,450,20,31,27>Excellent coffee!  You can definitely taste the quality in a cup.  I've been around this place so often and never new what I was missing out on.  I ordered a simple Cappuccino, no frills, no special anything else and it was down right solid coffee.  Great taste, great strength and a cup of coffee that I'd like have again!The service was just fine for me.  Coffee was made quickly, but they don't bring it to your table (at least not mine).  The music was also a little loud, but I really enjoyed the songs.  This place is located right on the corner of Green and Raymond.  I parked in the parking structure on Green (free for 90 minutes) since it's right across from it.  Overall, this is a good place for a drink either by yourself, with friends, with a date, or your parents.  =D  I can't wait to try all of the other coffee options here...they seem promising so far!
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,6/18/2014,985,360,18,30,26>If you need a hair makeover do yourself a favor and see Kelly Churnside at Salon Cielo! She is AMAZING!I've been searching high and low for a new hair stylist since I've been growing out my hair for over 6 months now with fears that I would get a horrific haircut at a new place. Although recently I've noticed that my hair became really unruly and it looked just plain awful when I let it down so I knew I had to get a hair makeover stat. Luckily I stumbled upon Groupon and found Salon Cielo which is only a short 10 minute drive from my place in Downtown Covina. The Groupon was for a cut, wash, dye/partial highlights, and style for only $40! The deal was amazing and after reading her Yelp reviews I was set! I made the appointment promptly over the phone, but unfortunately Kelly was too sick to stick to our original appointment so she texted me and we rescheduled it for the following week.Once I arrived at Salon Cielo I was greeted by Kelly with the sweetest and most bubbly personality ever! She immediately made me feel at home and even though she was still feeling ill she was so accommodating and happy to be there. We talked about the different styles I wanted and since I never had highlights I was initially planning on not getting them because I hated the streaky look. Kelly assured me that subtle highlights in a mocha color would look great and a warm rich auburn color would compliment my skin tone so I trusted her and told her to choose whatever color she thinks would look great on me. After 3.5 hours of watching her work meticulously on my hair the result was phenomenal! My hair looks absolutely gorgeous and I can seriously say I've never seen my hair so wonderfully cut and colored in my life. I could not stop smiling and raving about her! I've already referred my mom and some friends to her and I can't wait to come back to Kelly again! She is the sweetest hair stylist you will ever meet and really talented! Check out the Yelp pics to see some of her amazing work! Tip* The parking enforcement is VERY strict in this area. The parking on the street is only for 1 hour. I failed to see the signs and ended up with a parking ticket which I was able to contest. There's free parking lots nearby which would be a better option if you plan to park for over an hour.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2014,6/17/2014,555,380,13,29,18>wechat-is-the-latest-cafe-to-open-in-el-monte-its-chinese-name-has-no-connection-to-its-english-name-the-latter-being-a-chinese-messaging-app-the-restaurant-was-modeled-to-resemble-a-or-tea-shop-serving-chinese-comfort-food-wooden-bench-seating-is-wechats-attempt-to-replicate-the-setting-of-hong-kongs-original-style-tea-shops-from-the-70s-and-80sthe-food-at-wechat-is-chinese-fusion-with-heavy-western-influences-chef-specialties-included-grilled-sole-fillet-with-shrimp-smoked-salmon-with-herring-roe-fried-rice-grilled-new-zealand-lamb-chops-and-german-style-pork-knuckle-which-is-not-cantonese-food-you-wont-find-soup-noodles-or-many-woksmall-fry-dishes-on-the-menu-wechat-fits-into-the-hong-kong-style-western-fusion-category-with-thoughtful-presentation-that-is-trendy-in-the-80s-and-90s-after-generationpositives1-restaurant-is-family-owned-probably-explaining-why-it-closes-before-midnight2-servers-greeted-and-spoke-exclusively-in-cantonese-very-hk-feel-3-service-was-friendly-and-prompt-the-exact-opposite-of-a-typical-cha-chaan-teng-servers-are-likely-in-their-20s-full-of-energy4-as-of-december-2013-prices-are-competitive-to-local-hk-western-cafes-although-the-menus-are-very-different-lunch-specials-most-are-695-to-895-include-refillable-milk-tea-or-passion-fruit-lemon-tea-5-baked-pork-chop-rice-a-popular-hk-western-dish-in-the-us-was-prepared-in-a-similar-style-as-those-found-in-hk-fast-food-canteens6-the-dishes-i-ordered-were-cooked-light-and-not-too-greasy7-there-are-three-tvs-broadcasting-sports-owners-seem-to-be-nba-fansbe-warned1-cold-hk-style-milk-tea-was-a-bit-too-sweet-appeared-to-have-used-condensed-milk-instead-of-evaporated-milk2-my-bowl-of-red-borscht-soup-was-sour-from-the-tomatoes3-the-signature-smoked-salmon-with-herring-roe-fried-rice-description-is-unclear-on-what-fish-roe-is-actually-used-it-appeared-to-be-black-tobiko-or-caviar4-no-breakfast-service-available-so-cant-quite-match-the-experience
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2014,6/16/2014,1939,571,21,25,22>I finally tried omakase at a sushi restaurant!  Even better, it was at Aburiya Toranoko which I have wanted to try for so long- double score! I had an excellent lunch date here recently, and because my friend was a semi-regular, he insisted we do it right.  So off on the wonderful sushi adventure we went!I can only try to list all the amazingly fresh and delicious items we had based on my photos and memory.  Our chef Masaya first gave us a beautiful tray with several preparations of sashimi.  The most unexpectedly wonderful item out of these was the silky, marinated tofu topped with fresh UNI.  Now, uni and I have never seen eye to eye before, but I always wanted to give it another chance.  So many people like it, how can it be wrong?  Here, it was so very good.  I finally had some fresh, delicious uni and enjoyed it.  I am a changed woman.  The other delectable bites on the tray included yellowtail in the "secret sauce" (tasted like yuzu was an ingredient); salmon in a spicy vinaigrette with jalapeño; and tuna in a tangy sauce, with garlic crisps on top.  Moving on to individual bites! We were served scallop nigiri that was meltingly tender, along with firm mirugai (giant clam or geoduck).  Then, there was the lovely o-toro.  Talk about buttery, oh my.  This was followed by shad topped with scallions and yuzu.  Masaya-san then gave us a gorgeous plate (and I mean the plate itself was actually gorgeous too) of seared o-toro and albacore.  Wow.  Then because we still had appetites, we kept going! The younger sushi chef prepared another assortment of sashimi for us, including amberjack, Scottish salmon, and seared albacore in the most spectacular garlic butter reduction sauce.  Damn.  I told the chef I want to put that sauce on everything now.  They finished up our incredible meal with a light and refreshing dessert of fresh orange gelatin, fruit, mochi, and a light mousse on a sweet crisp.  I also can't forget to mention the drinks, because they were perfect as well.  I first had the Yuzu-rita, which is a simple yet amazing combination of tequila and homemade yuzu sorbet.  I later tried a shiso martini, partly so my date could try the flavor of shiso and also because it intrigued me as a cocktail ingredient.  It worked very well.This was such an epic sushi experience and I savored every bite of it.  I can still appreciate other sushi, but I will definitely find myself craving another grand meal at Aburiya Toranoko in the future.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,6/15/2014,390,152,16,24,23>I have been so numbfied by Starbucks and CBTL that I forgot The essence of coffee was once associated with Improvised and unframed artwork in charcoal, water color, and acrylicHandcrafted metalwork on lime walls and porcelain jars on vintage cupboardsNovels of faded pages from half century agoBright-colored handwoven blankets on the arm of an old couchReal board games in chipped wooden boxesSqueaky screen door that opens to cobblestone backyard and paradise of bloosming plantsReal birds singing in a giant cage in the sunThe eternal sound of water flowing in and of out of Spanish fountainHand sculpted and painted Lady of Sugar Skull in human size smiling at meSilent King and Queen del sol with medusa-looking leaves extending out of their powerful headsIntimate chats and giggles by first dates and loversDeep and intense conversations among artists and intellectualsQuiet and focused readers and students hiding in every corner of the sanctuary, perfectly content in their own universeSuddenly I remember what real coffee houses felt like in the old world Where cinnamon was stone-grinded before sprinkled into a cupRock cone sugar lightly blended into home-made coffeeHola my Dear Mexico City and PueblaNice to have found you again in the humble and almost forgotten part of LA
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,6/14/2014,1132,380,12,18,16>Excellent fish.  Very good prices.  Friendly service.The sushi is great here but I REALLY love the sushi bowls.My favs:The Sunshine Bowl:  salmon, crab & avocado ($12)The Number Seven:  tuna, salmon, yellowtail, albacore, crab, shrimp, eel, avocado, scallop ($18)You need to be hungry if you order the Number Seven - sooo much tasty fish.You can also make your own bowl (but they have so many great combinations on the menu I have not strayed into making my own yet).They have sake and beer (and I think a couple of wines).
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,6/13/2014,939,270,13,31,26>For me, Union Station is the main hub for transportation. I take the Metro buses and rail, Amtrak, and Metrolink. I think Megabus also goes here. I lost count as to how many times I've passed through even though I check-in on Yelp and FourSqaure. I like how in the past few years they've added several new eateries, so you can snack while you're in transit. I really don't because I live in Los Angeles, but if I were waiting for the train, it's not a bad thing. I think the only place I've shopped at was Famima. There's Starbucks. The Original Ticket Lobby, unavailable to the public, is by the front entrance and you'll recognize it since it's been in a lot of movies and I'm sure TV. People rent it out for events. Pass this Lobby, you'll walk past the Waiting Room. It feels really old with the tile and marble. Not a lot of people notice the gardens on either side. I ran into a friend once in the Room since we were both taking the train from San Diego to our respective homes in Northern California a long time ago. I haven't run into anyone lately at Union Station since there's so many people. Not a lot of people would notice the City of Dreams / River of History at the back of Union Station (around where buses pick up and drop off). There's an 80 foot long mural by Richard Wyatt that has images of Native Americans, settlers, and contemporary Angelenos. There's an aquarium that houses indigeonous coastal fishes in the 7,500 gallon tank. There's a river bench that's made of rock that represents the old LA River and some artifacts excavated from the original Chinatown. Union Station opened in 1939 and it was built over Old Chinatown. Chinatown is north east and you could easily take the Gold Line to get there. Or you could walk through Olvera Street and make your way to Chinatown, which is a fun stroll. Olvera Street is the oldest part of Downtown Los Angeles. If you manage to find the Chinese American Museum in the Garnier Building, you'll learn quite a bit about the history of Chinese Americans in the area. If you take your time on Olvera Street, you'll learn a bit of history, too. Again, there's quite a lot to Union Station other than just being the center of all the trains and buses. Take some time to walk around...admire the architecture, the art, and surrounding areas. Take in a little bit of LA.
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2014,6/12/2014,480,342,33,79,26>After visiting Olympic Spa, believe there are two distinct kinds of women in this world....The Country Club Woman and the Korean Day Spa Woman...each one feels strangely out of place in the world of the other.  You can spot the Country Club Women's reviews here...they complain about the decor, the neighborhood, the lack of privacy, no musak, the perception that the joint is low end.I have to admit, before I went to Olympic Spa, I had never been to a Korean Day Spa.  I've been to many high-end spas, belonged to an awful country club by default of a past marriage (where women weren't allowed to be naked in the locker room jacuzzi -- wha wha???).  Personally, I've always felt strangely out of place in these establishments...maybe even a little guilty for living so lavishly.  I'm not big on throwing money away.So I'm in LOVE with this place.  To me, a spa is about health, not ostentation. By the way, I thought the outside and inside of the spa was quite nice.  The building was cool looking, they have a very large parking lot with free valet, the lounge areas and the restaurant were all quite nice for what patrons are paying.I decided to go for the Goddess Service as I had had a hard week of training and raced the day before.  This particular service includes the "Simple Soak" which basically means access to all their facilities.  You MUST get there early and give yourself time to use all the amazing pools and saunas they have before your service. I got there two hours before (and wish I'd given myself another hour at least).  It can be a little intimidating at first, but it's really not that difficult and all you have to do is tell them it's your first time and they'll show you around.  Here's what I did:Check in -- They give you a bracelet locker key (with a chip) that opens two lockers; one for your shoes and one for your clothes.  They also give you a robe and a towel. TIP: You can bring your own flip flops and bathing products.  If you're not going to get a service, you can ask the front desk for the scrubbing kit.  Also, if you just get a scrub, you'll want your own moisturizer for after. Also -- you can bring your own non-glass water bottle with water.  They do have free tea and coffee.After disrobing I popped my towel and robe (you have to be naked -- no bathing suits) into a cubby -- (remember the number) and I went for the clay sauna.  They have hour glasses in the rooms which mark out five minute blocks...you can use that as a gauge.Clay sauna (rinse off) to the cold poolCold pool to the Herbal Pool (the really dark one) for about 10 minutes (then cold)Steam room for ten minutes (rinse off) to the cold poolBack in the Herbal Pool for five minutes then to the cold poolHimalayan Salt Spa 20 minutes (nap) I like to turn over so I am sure the salt gets in my lungs. (rinse off)Mineral Spa 15 minutesI didn't bring my own water, so I ventured over to the restaurant and used my bracelet to buy some Perrier water....loved that I didn't need cash.Treatment time!!!The Goddess Treatment starts off with the most thorough body scrubbing you can ever have had in your life....I freakin' loved it.  They get every nook and cranny on your body. They use gloves only and water. It didn't hurt at all...just felt invigorating.  Seemed like it took over 40 minutes.  I must have lost 1/2 cup of skin...After, she washes your body with a seaweed rinse thoroughly and then you take a shower.  When you return, she slathers you with oil and then you get a serious full body massage. I will say, it is not for the feint of heart.  I've got some bruises on me (I do bruise easily, but it was somewhat painful), however, I know that this is the kind of massage that works the lactic acid out of your muscles.  If you want it more gentle, I'm sure you can ask for that.Interspersed with the massage, you get a wonderful scalp massage and facial massage.  Before they work on the front of your body, she puts a mask on your face which smells divine.  After the massage, she wipes the oil off and then massages on a light lotion which also smells amazing.I looked up at my legs toward the end of the treatment and couldn't believe how much they were glowing.  Compared to other treatments I've gotten this was worlds above and cost cents on the dollar.After, I slithered into the restaurant and ordered myself some ramen and just zoned out while I replenished my now toxin free body.  The ramen was great and I loved how serene the whole experience was.As for the walking around naked....I'm not a modest person, so I never felt uncomfortable.  However, you really do forget after five minutes that your naked. My plan is to try and get here at least every two weeks if even for the soak and my own scrubbing....One of the many great things about living in Los Angeles!!
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2014,6/11/2014,444,410,19,27,25>I like the Rustic Spoon.  The name doesn't make me think of Thai food but they do know how to make good examples of it.  The place is cozy (read that as small) but the ambiance is nice and relaxed.Vietnamese Iced Coffee was my favorite drink.  The other fruity drinks looked good and the rest of my party enjoyed them.  Service was attentive and helpful - although they nicely kicked us out after 2 hours.  Because tables are limited, it was not an issue for me to cut my table chatter short and get out.  I should be more considerate anyway.   Drunken Noodle - GoodSea Bass - Really GoodPanang Curry with chicken was deliciousPad Thai was goodParking was difficult but not impossible.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2014,6/10/2014,1527,888,34,42,37>It's Spring Break and I was looking for an activity to score some "cool Mom" points. I called a couple weeks in advance to schedule this outing for us. My son and I went on the 9A factory tour this morning and had a BLAST!!! I can't wait to go back in August when they are grinding the chili's.We were super stoked upon arriving, that we totally by passed the visitors parking area. We parked and were walking up when security came and already knew my name! We were the only 3 people scheduled for 9A which was really nice. Call it a private tour if you want ;)We turned in our forms and put on our hair nets and were on our way, in the golf cart.The tour lasted about 30 minutes and we learned a bunch of fun facts. Below you'll find some:25 truck loading docks40 trucks picking up a day23 pallets fit into each truck105 boxes per pallet12 bottles per box4 chili grinders (used August - Nov) to grind red jalapenosAll natural light in the factory during the day4-5 tours a day (largest tour has been 13 people)Factory operates 24 hours a day 6 days a week, closed on Sunday40-50 employees per shiftWe met David Tran the founder of Sriracha and he kindly took a picture with my son, so cool! :)David was born in the year of the Rooster The name of the boat David came from Vietnam on was the Huy FongMy son may not have school today, but he sure did learn something about something!We filled out a quick one page survey at the end and were awarded an awesome 9oz bottle!I'd highly recommend this tour to any Sriracha fan! Seriously, it doesn't get any cooler than living in CA and having the opportunity to visit this factory. Take your out of town Sriracha lovers too!
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,6/9/2014,266,628,19,25,21>My gluttony on my birthday ended with a visit to Silverlake Ramen! I came here with Dena O. and it was quite an adventure. She had been here before and knew there is always a long line, so I waited on the street for her to go put her name down on the waiting list since I had been unsuccessful in my first attempt at finding street parking. The lady told her it would be approx. 30 minute wait so we knew we had time to try again to find street parking. After several attempts circling the area I finally got a spot on Sunset about 2 blocks away. This area is challenging to find street parking... if you have no luck, they do offer valet parking in the plaza that Silverlake Ramen is in.Turns out the wait was shorter than anticipated and they had already called her name once while we were parking! Luckily they don't scratch your name out until the second try, so we quickly let them know we were there and waited a bit for another table to open up. We both opted for their Tonkotsu Spicy Ramen: Topping of pork belly or chicken. Pork broth with chili garlic sauce and green onion, spinach, dried seaweed, bean sprouts. Dena got it with chicken while I got the pork belly. There is also a list of additional toppings you can add (for a fee) so we both got Butter (75c) and Garlic (50c). You also choose your spicy level, and we again both opted for the same: between Mild and Medium.The ramen looked so appetising when it came out! They have a dollop of spicy sauce on the side that you can mix with the broth if you wish. I found the broth spicy enough as is so I didn't mix it in, but Dena did. After mixing the butter and garlic in, the broth was so delicious! So warm and buttery and good. And the pork belly melted in my mouth... such fatty goodness! I loved the ramen here and it was the perfect end to a great birthday :)
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2014,6/8/2014,478,150,13,21,35>Located in Sunset Triangle Plaza (where Cru used to be), Pine and Crane is another amazing Asian restaurant in the Silver Lake/Echo Park area, if not the BEST! Come to think of it, it's the only Taiwanese-Chinese restaurant in the area. The other area to find really good Taiwanese cuisine is in the San Gabriel Valley, but getting there from this eastside is like crossing a chasm! I first heard about Pine and Crane through Eater LA (a dandy online site to find news about great places to try) about six months ago. When I read that Vivian (a CIA grad and owner of this joint) planned to source most of her veggies from their family farm near Bakersfield, using a seasonal menu (farm to table concept) I told myself "I GOTTA try this place out!". And if you know me, I'm all about sustainability and things being local! It was Saturday night when my friend and I, with great anticipation, made our way to Pine and Crane. As expected, the place was buzzing with lots of activity, and there were lots of folks. We stood in a long line to place our order, when almost immediately, the owner Vivian, gave us some iced tea drinks with some yummy chewy seeds floating around the bottom. Wow! What a great gesture for guest service! I'm not sure how long this will last, but I sure was enjoying it! Turns out, they have a lot of wonderful loose teas to choose from, all sourced from Taiwan (it's their veggies that are locally sourced, not their teas). We placed our order and made our way to our seat (you choose where you want to sit on your own). We noticed the lovely minimalist decor (very popular in our neighborhood), lots of blonde pine, slate gray floors, wooden lanterns,  sleek black chairs, and a very long Asian jacquard cushion bench attached to one of the walls. I was really enjoying the vibe. We decided to share four dishes, since sharing is caring. Plus, we wanted to try as much as possible. :) We ordered the scallion pancake, mapo tofu, zha jiang noodles, and chrysanthemum greens. These were all so wonderful! The chrysanthemum greens were bright in taste and color, and rich in flavor. The texture was perfect, not at all overcooked, just lightly sauteed with enough crunch! The scallion pancake was delish! It was satisfyingly flavorful. The texture was slightly crisp on the outside with a lot of substance in between. It wasn't greasy or oily, like some other scallion pancakes I've tried in the past. I added vinegar, chili oil, and a touch of soy sauce as my own dipping sauce. Let me tell you, it's the kind of stuff I could eat all day and not get tired of! The mapo tofu was unlike any other mapo tofu I've had before. It had a very pleasant light smoky flavor, sort of like chipotle. The tofu was soft without it falling apart when picking up with my chopsticks. It came with a side of perfectly cooked rice (I know this sounds ridiculous, because it's rice, right? However, there are lots of places, even many Asian restaurants, that mess up rice--too clumpy or wet). You can tell it wasn't rushed, but lovingly prepared. The texture was perfect. Each granule delicately sitting on top of each other. My favorite of all was the zha jiang noodles. And, If you know me, you will know that I absolutely adore noodles! The zha jiang came with perfectly cooked noodles topped with fresh cucumbers, cilantro, salty fermented soy bean paste, and ground pork. It was such a celebration of textures and flavors! Everything about this dish was perfect, ESPECIALLY the noodles. The noodles were cooked to perfection. They had a nice chewy consistency, sort of like ramen noodles. It was great! To top all of this off, the service here is very friendly and accommodating. The staff bends over backwards to make your experience here a very enjoyable one. I was thoroughly impressed! Even as we were leaving, we chatted up with one of the staff members. She was so excited to have us there and was looking forward to our next visit! I really like this place. :)I KNOW I'm going to be a regular here.
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,6/7/2014,213,120,7,26,25>Great neighborhood coffee/tea/lunch spot! Met a friend here on a Friday afternoon to discuss business and catch up...the time passed so quickly we hadn't even realized we had been there almost 3 hrs! No one rushed us out and we were able to enjoy our conversation and food in peace. I ordered an iced chai latte (delicious!) and my friend had a salad w/ chicken and a vanilla latte (both he said were really good!).The place was about half full when we arrived and when we left it was completely full and everyone was focused either on their laptops or their own conversations & food. The background music was nice and the overall vibe of the place was very comfortable and relaxing.The wait to order was a bit long considering I only had 2 people ahead of me, but the young man who took the orders was very attentive to each customer...he even recommended almond milk instead of soy for my Chai Latte...which was a great suggestion! :)
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,6/6/2014,400,253,31,35,32>Are you looking for a great workout with gorgeous views? Well if so this trail is for you! Our group of hikers were looking for something different than our typical hikes and since I have so many bookmarked this one became the hike for the day. It's about 6.4 miles roundtrip. There is a large sign in the lower parking lot. (Has port-a-potty style restrooms here if you gotta go.) But if you drive a little further up there is more parking where the main trail starts. The trail is definitely a booty workout as it's pretty steep all the way UP the trail. But once you hit the top the views were just breathtaking. Be careful going down the trail (kinda sandy) and if you aren't wearing the right kind of shoes you can slip, ouch! There aren't too many shady areas to take breaks so make sure you wear some sunscreen, bring water, and a snack. This is definitely a hike to come back to!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,6/5/2014,229,124,18,24,21>My boyfriend wanted to show me the food of his people, so he decided to take me here. He was really excited to whip out his Indo speaking skills, but instead, the owner immediately approached me and decided to speak Mandarin to me. We got a good laugh out of that. Anyways, I have to say that the owner is really nice. I've only been here a couple of times, but he always strikes up pleasant conversations with me. These conversations make me feel like a regular and as if I've known him for a really long time. :)++ WHAT TO ORDER (Portions for 2 people)#1 REGULAR SATE - PORK $7.50 / BEEF $8.00 / LAMB $8.25Absolutely amazing! You can either get 6 pieces, or 5 pieces with rice or lontong. I usually go for the 6 pieces, because I can't pass up the extra meat and order a fried rice to accompany this. This is the BEST SATE I've ever had. Just thinking about it makes my mouth salivate .. The meat was so juicy and flavorful, and don't even get me started on that peanut sauce. That stuff is mind-blowingly good. You can pretty much dump that sauce on ANYTHING, and it'll work its magic. The difference about Indo sate sauce is that they add on this sweet, black sauce. Not really sure about how to describe the flavor of it in English, but trust me, this stuff may change your life.#47 NASI GORENG - literally translates into "Fried Rice"The owner told me that #47-5X were the most popular to pair with the sate. The flavoring is all the same; the only difference is the add-ons. I go with the simplest, #47 (chicken, pork, shrimp, and egg). I usually am not a big fan of fried rice, but I always enjoy Indo fried rice because of the kick of spice. My boyfriend said that the fried rice was pretty standard for Indonesian food, but it was the perfect thing to pair with the order of sate. Also, dumping that sauce from the sate on this is freaking good!++ EXTRASMy boyfriend also ordered these fried potato balls for us to share. They were really fresh and savory. I liked them more than the ones I've had at Porto's :x Maybe because we got them as soon as they were out of the fryer :). I'm not sure what this was called, because my boyfriend ordered it in Indonesian. Boo, language barriers. Anyways, I'm planning on coming back to try other more traditional Indonesian dishes ^_^ yay.
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,6/4/2014,2310,316,15,26,21>Creme caramel moved to a brick and mortar location in Sherman Oaks serving its signature creme caramel ( custards desserts) and bread puddings. But it is More than bread pudding and cremes... They have croissants  breads, cookies and brownies as well as specialty jams.  They also serve some savory items such as spanish tortillas and savory bread puddings.I went for the puddings but the fluffiness of the croissant really  was too temptingWe tried:Chocolate croissant: great puff pastry dough making the croissant light and fluffy. The flakiness and the sugar butter is really good. It is a excellent croissant. However the chocolate is not traditional as instead of the classic two wide chocolate bars inserted in the dough it is chocolate chips. It makes the chocolate distribution uneven. But it is still a terrific croissant. Almond croissant: It is a great croissant. A lot of almond on top and a great marzipan inside.Blueberry tart : Beautiful tart with glistening berries topping the great puff pastry.The chocolate ganache Yule Log looks amazing and would look great as part of any holiday tables.A great French bakery in Sherman Oaks / Van Huys.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,6/3/2014,205,207,59,53,35>****MAGICAL SHIT ALERT!!!!*****I not only HATE (yes, it is a strong word that should rarely be used, but trust me I mean it) doing laundry, but I simply don't have the time. I work approx 65-75 hours a week, sometimes into Saturday. I'm single (hence no hubby or kids do hook up chores), so on Sunday, I'm faced with a mountain of laundry that I don't want to acknowledge. Sooooo sometimes I ignore it. Trust me, when you're sniffing the armpits of your withered shirts from the hamper to see if you can still work with it for one more day (wearing perfume and a jacket of course lol) then you're in the red on the damn laundry. I was almost in tears thinking of my one day off being filled with laundry hell, when my friend told me about fluff n fold. I had never heard of such a thing... weird, since I had literally been praying for a laundry fairy. (not joking). I live on the top floor of my complex, and its an older building with no elevators. Climbing that shit with a giant bag of hot clothes 3-4 times just wasn't the way. Not to mention having to sort, fold, and oh dear God, you know what I'm talking about. I found Ocean on yelp of course. I took my clothes in. I literally had 40lbs of laundry. They weigh it in front of you. I brought my own soap, which spilled in the bag... omg, I was a hot mess. They charge $1.10 a pound for next day pick up or $1.50 for same day service. Did I mention I had 40lbs? Literally EVERY PIECE of casual clothing I wear. All my jeans, t-shirts, maxi dresses, underwear, sweaters. EVERYTHING. The sweet lady took it all and used the soap I had given her (half of it was on the clothes already from spilling inside the bag by accident.) Nothing was separated... hot messsssss!!!!!! I dropped off at 10:30. They called at 3:36. DONE.... everything folded to perfection. I was almost in tears. It only cost $60. Now that may seem like a lot, but having my day off back is priceless. I would've paid anything. Considering how much shit I had, it was soooooooo cheap. I asked her if she wanted to keep my soap because the rungs on the cap weren't catching each other, which is why it spilled. She said yes, she would keep it... for me!!!! She put my name on it, so when I come back it will be there waiting. Love isn't the word for this place. If it were a man, I'd marry it.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,6/2/2014,480,152,20,28,24>One of the most authentic Thai restaurants in California...or in the entire US of A for that matter.  Ruen Pair is famous for its Northeastern (aka E-san) Thai food.  I don't order Pad Thai or Pad See Ew here. (Actually, I don't ever order Pad Thai or Pad See Ew at any Thai restaurant.)  If you're adventurous, try raw shrimp in special spicy fish sauce (Goong Chae Num Pla) with sticky rice.  Add papaya salad and fried or grilled marinated pork jerky, and you've got a Thai Happy Meal.The parking lot is small, and the valet guys are there during evenings and weekends.  It's not really valet since they don't even park your car for you and you still have to pay.  My co-workers and I usually park at the shopping plaza on Hollywood Blvd/Western Ave and walk over.CASH ONLY.
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,6/1/2014,765,308,28,25,22>Before I get down to the nitty-gritty, I mustache a few questions. Who is Alfred, and how can I thank him for opening up one of the best coffee shops in Los Angeles? Also, is he married?In all seriousness, I LOVE Alfred Coffee & Kitchen. Superb decor and service, and they serve Stumptown coffee. They even sell bottles of the Stumptown cold brew, which is my absolute favorite cold brew, ever. That's always an A+ in my book.I had a Gibraltar (also known as a cortado), which is espresso with a small amount of warm milk. Deeelicious. I had to be careful not to one-shot it, because it was that good. I also purchased one of those overpriced boxed waters because I didn't know there was complimentary water at the napkin stand. (Don't be like me and check out your surroundings before you decide to fork over $5 for a small carton of H20.) And of course, a bottle of cold brew.I ended up hanging out for a while and working on a paper. The shop was consistently busy during the entire 5 hours I was there. I also saw Joel Madden from Good Charlotte - my first casual celebrity sighting in LA!The only poopy thing is that parking is a pain in the butt. Some chick in a cream Mini Cooper swooped on my parking spot (!@#$ you, lady!), so I ended up parking further down the street and around the corner. Since the parking meter maxes out at 2 hours, I had to get up and feed the damn thing twice. Each time, there was a parking meter enforcer dude chillin' next to my car, waiting for the minutes to run out so that he could give me a ticket. So SHAAADY. And RUDE.But such is life. I'm going to pray that I score a sweet parking spot next time. And yes, I know for a FACT there will be a next time. I just love the feeling of liquid caffeine running through my veins. Way. Too. Much. And Alfred Coffee & Kitchen is my new caffeine dealer.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,5/31/2014,157,146,16,20,19>My friend took me here as a surprise, knowing I like unusual finds and my weakness for absinthe. When you walk in you feel like you're stepping back in time or just arrived in New Orleans. I adore New Orleans, so was right up my alley. We tried a few different Absinthes. I love that they do it the old school way with the sugar and water. If you're not into Absinthe, they have loads of other options too, huge lists of whiskey etc too. I'm a simple drinker, so didn't pay much attention to the other options, but it was certainly a long list. I certainly would recommend anyone to go here. It's a little gem in the heart of Hollywood. You wouldn't even know it existed if not for friends or fabulous yelp. :)
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,5/30/2014,2858,814,29,36,22>Interesting experience with these older korean ladies. This definitely may not be in tune with everyone's definition of a spa experience. You absolutely need to come with zero inhibition. period. You throw your shyness out the door and the whole experience will be easier to digest. There are saunas, cold and hot pools usally occupied by older korean ladies. naked ones.  Fortunately, however, this place is very clean and upkept. I got a body scrub/ massage combo here. And that is exactly what you get. Scrubbed. I think I was so focused on the scrub that I don't even remember the massage aspect of it.   BUT, you do get exactly what you pay for.  As long as you are well aware of what to expect, then this would be considered a solid experience.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,5/29/2014,217,296,20,24,23>For your late night craving of Sprinkles goodies, the cupcake gods have granted your wish!!Filled with their most popular cupcakes and cookies the Sprinkles ATM machine is here!It's a bit pricey but for the late night cravings do we really care? The machine sings a little jingle for you as you wait for you goodies come out. Good news, before you were only able to make one transaction at a time but now you can make mutiples, makes life easier. My favorite is their salted cornflake oatmeal cookie. try it, get it...it's good.Love their cookies and their cupcakes! It's all within picking the flavors you like, you don't have to like them all!
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,5/28/2014,731,629,20,26,22>Absolutely. Positively. Amazing! Who doesn't like a nice slice of Pie? Whether you're looking for something sweet and savory or something carb heavy. Pie hole has got you covered on both ends. Maple Custard: Their undoubtedly most popular flavor of pie. I'm not a big fan of Custard so I just thought it was alright. The Maple was a nice touch but JY and other custard lovers will absolutely love this pie. Mexican Chocolate: It was good. Heavy and full of cinnamon. Chicken Pot Pie: Flaky. Warm. and filling. This was hands down my favorite pie of the evening. It was delicious and I highly suggest you get this on your first time. *100% I will be back. Looking forward to getting their Breakfast pie (Sausage, Egg, Cheese) & their Apple pie. **I hear that they serve Humble Pie here too. 100% that has to be a secret menu item. You might want to ask just to make sure... JY
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/27/2014,286,222,11,21,14>AMAZING GRILLED CHEESE SAMMIES AND THE BEST TOMATO SOUP/ DIP EVER!!Seriously though this place is great. The service is very  prompt and attentive, the employees are very friendly, and the quality of the ingredients is obvious. To be honest though the classic is my favorite. Minus one star because parking around here sucks.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,5/26/2014,663,707,22,35,27>I found Europe Nails because I recently had a nail emergency, so I turned to Yelp to find a place nearby that was able to fit me in same day. I was won over by the friendly service, reasonable prices, and my super cute gel mani that garnered me lots of compliments. I've since been back after their grand reopening and love their new space (check out my pics). They even have mini iPads set up so you can browse the web while you wait. As I mentioned earlier, prices are quite reasonable for gel manis (I paid around $40 before tip for a gel mani on natural nails with a simple design and some rhinestones). They don't charge for removal if you are getting another gel mani, which totally helps keep the cost down since at other places I've seen fees from $7-15 just for removal. They don't do super crazy 3D nail art here, but they can accommodate most simple nail art requests. I've been to Stacy and Kim, who are both great, but recently have been going to Vivian since I've been requesting more detailed nail art designs. Very happy to have found a nearby place to get my nails done!
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,5/25/2014,1378,632,17,25,23>I was skeptical that this place could be any good. I mean, it's got "Hot N Juicy" in the restaurant name and it's located in a mall that has only chain restaurants.  But it was raining and it was Saturday and we had a lot of time to kill - so Hot N Juicy it was.Because I wasn't sure if I like crawfish, I decided to order 2 pounds of lobster (and after trying the crawfish, can report back that I still prefer lobster). If you order a lobster, you get a full one, so they will need to call to the back to make sure they have one the size that you want. They had a 1.8 pounder for me - perfect! I got it with the garlic butter, mild since I wasn't sure how lobster would taste "Louisiana style" but I'm sure that it would have been delicious.  My bf ordered 6 pounds of crawfish, louisiana style, and spicy.It comes out in a plastic bag, swimming in sauce.  My first tip if you are coming here is: be prepared to get MESSY. Put that bib on, folks, you're going to need it.  I didn't use gloves but I did see some people wearing plastic gloves.My bf is from Mississippi and he knows his crawfish. He said that the spicy wasn't spicy enough and that he should have ordered the extra spicy (take note!). He also thought it was a bit early for the crawfish to be "new season" (smaller) but we were warned ahead of ordering.  All in all it got the thumbs up from this Southerner.I'm from the East Coast so I wasn't at all intimidated by the whole lobster accompanied by a cracker and a pick.  If you've never eaten a whole lobster before, this might not be the time to start, since you are also battling a slippy lobster drenched in sauce.  My lobster was delicious and although I've never eaten it seasoned this way before, I really really liked it.  The cajun fries were also to die for.It isn't cheap - close to $100 for the two of us - so definitely not somewhere you'd randomly go to for lunch, but it was a nice thing to do on a rainy Saturday.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,5/24/2014,863,938,28,36,32>This 5k loop circles around the Rose Bowl and Brookside Golf Club course. It's an easy, mostly flat, slightly slanted, paved track on the public roadway. It's a good place to run, bike, walk the dog, stroll with family, or rollerblade. During the day, there are some areas with tree shade, otherwise you are exposed to the sun. At night, street lights come on and provide some light along the course. Flashlights, head lamps, or reflective clothing are commonly worn and are all helpful in showing your presence on the track at night. Although the track is clearly marked with barriers, bicyclists and cars do speed by close to the track so watch out when crossing the street or running/walking along the outer edge of the track. I come here mainly to train for long runs. It gets boring after awhile to run in circles, but I bear with it. I feel relatively safe to be here, even during the winter evenings when it's dark. It's better than running through the neighborhood with the risk of being run over and there are enough people exercising here that I don't feel alone on the street.Restrooms can be found on the southeast corner of the Rose Bowl next to the track. Water fountains are found near the restrooms and also next to a storage(?) building near the northwest corner. Parking is plentiful and free. There are regular parking lots, empty dirt lots and unmetered street parking.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2014,5/23/2014,1215,510,25,34,32>I appreciate the concept, bar and arcade.  The name, "Eighty Two" makes me wonder if it is referring to the majority of arcade game cabinets that were hot and popular during 1982.  Mainly Star Wars, Tron, Donkey Kong, Galaga, Space Invaders, and the like.  Dragon's Lair is a nice, cult fave addition.  Street Fighter 2:Champion Edition, Mortal Kombat 2, NBA Jam, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, Gauntlet mix it up with more one-on-one or cooperative-play type games.  Thankfully, most of the games cost just a quarter (ahem... NBA JAM!! What the hell?!) And the difficulty levels on some of them are definitely turned up to the highest, if not near highest difficulty.  I really should have been able to beat Street Fighter at the middle of the ground setting; you have to be pretty flawless at the highest difficulty, I KO'ed out at the 4th match against E. Honda.  Just like in your childhood, the games are set to consume as many quarters from you as possible.Another section (The south wing as we say), mostly approached by guys and those who need the restroom, is made up solely of pinball machines.  X-Men and The Addams Family themed pinball games are probably the cooler ones of the bunch. Too bad there isn't one for The Munsters.  The cocktail menu shows promise. I tried Zangief and DJ. Zangief is mostly vodka and ginger ale and ginger.  Good, pungent, not quite for me.  The DJ sounded good, but the bartender lady was looking pretty heavy handed with angostura and lavender bitters.  Enough to drown out the depth of bourbon, rather than compliment it.  Any sips were strongly made up of spiced peppery and bitter notes, with faint wafts of bourbon's scent.  There was probably a better method to mixing, but I wasn't so lucky that night. It's a $12 a cocktail too, not including tip.  I may sample a few more of their cocktails, but I think I'll stick to neat whiskey or beer for the most part.There is a closed outdoor lot where various food trucks seem to be invited in for convenient eats.  A courtyard and some tables to lounge and enjoy said various eats and drinks.Overall, not a bad place to visit.  Can I request some arcade cabinets for Eighty Two to procure?  Bad DudesWillowRobocopShinobiThe AvengersX-MenThe SimpsonsAlien VS PredatorAdvanced Dungeons and DragonsTime CrisisGhostbustersDouble DragonDragon SpiritRastanAltered BeastRidge RacerInitial D: AAX (Double Ace Cross)That would do.... for now....
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,5/22/2014,349,413,16,20,17>Hugh Spa is a simple, no frills kind of place. It was my first time being at a Korean spa and I think I actually liked it better than my bougey places. The facilities here are clean but it's not modern by any means. So if you're looking for that posh birthday spa experience with your friends, maybe try another place. If you're feeling low-maintenance but really want to relax without having to hand over your wallet, definitely come here. I didn't realize it until recently that I have a very difficult time relaxing. I have an adventurous spirit and like to travel at least two weekends a month. When I'm home, I feel like I "need" to be doing something... and then I keep this going until eventually my body gives out and I'm spent (.i.e. burnt out!). But I love my life and being busy. Sometimes I just overdue it a little because I don't know how to relax. I even had my first massage in about a year while in  SF last week and told the lady that I wanted a Swedish (not too hard) at a Thai Massage place so that I can "relax". After the first 15 minutes, I wasn't feeling like getting that release I needed and had her go a little more deep tissue. The massage definitely helped, but I still felt like I needed just one more to set me straight. My friends and I were supposed to have a spa day that same weekend while in Calistoga but most appointments were already booked that it was a missed opportunity. Boo. Don't worry I'm getting to the point here soon. ;) When I returned from Napa and SF, my super stellar sister bought me a Groupon for two sessions or two people at Hugh Spa (a place I never heard of). It came at amazing timing! Missed out on our mud baths last weekend and still feeling exhausted and restless.  I didn't know what to expect but I did look it up online and did a little bit of research before joining. My first impression was exactly what I expected based on Yelp reviews with what looks a little like a hole in the wall of a strip mall place in K-town. When we got in, it was very small business feeling. Women are only allowed here and it's a diverse mix of cultures. Front desk was very pleasant and personable. They also offer a lot of great services that others seemed to take advantage of. As soon as we checked in, she handed us a bath towel and a couple of head towels with a pamphlet with guidelines on how to maximize the experience and a locker key. I think the first thing women generally want to know if they've never been to a spa is, "Do we get naked?" The answer is, "Yes." Get comfortable with it. Embrace your body. Nobody cares.  But to ease your fears, you're really only naked when you are in the changing room, shower room and steam room (optional). All other rooms, you're wearing your robe. I went through the steps and enjoyed each room for about 10-15 minutes each. Between sessions, I'd hydrate with a couple glasses of water. My favorite is still probably the mud clay room. I don't know why I was envisioning a mud bath, but it's really hard clay balls that remind me of a Native American adult Chuck E. Cheese room. When you step into one of the tubs of clay balls, you kind of have to hold your laugh back a little if it's your first time because it's LOUD! And you're trying to be quiet. But once you get all snuggled between the balls, it feels cozy enough to be a bed with warm temperatures to get you to relax. The deeper you dig your body, the hotter it gets. I laid on top but slightly buried my feet and hands occasionally. I even tried laying on my stomach. The Oxygen Room I read had mixed reviews. It's not completely silent like some of the other reviews mentioned but neither are any of the rooms. If you really need silence, try bringing in your own ear plugs for this room. That might help. I think it would be really cool if they had sounds of nature playing in the room, such as a rain forest, ocean, or rain fall. After about 6 hours which tends to fly very quickly, I left in an exalted meditative state. I haven't experienced euphoria like that in God knows how long. I woke up feeling like Enya had me sailed away into peaceful bliss. It was very difficult to get out of bed. My dreams were vivid though. I can see this being a great insomnia treatment. Sail away, sail away, sail away... **Tip: when you see 1/2 dressed Asian women running around screaming out numbers pointing at yours - it's not because they're looking for their key. They're looking for their next booked appointment. I was utterly confused when she kept yelling at me, "Fitty fo? Fitty fo?" I'm like, "No, I'm 31." Then she responds, "No Fitty fo!?" and squandered away. It took a few people opening doors of the quiet rooms for me to figure this out.
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2014,5/19/2014,280,134,16,26,25>This place is just all around that 70s show happening fun! You almost feel like your going to Eric's house and going to hang out in the basement at one point. I really enjoyed the concept and the cute lil roller-skate show on the roof.They had rad 70s furniture..they even had little seating hammocks! Parking-5 bucks! Across street. I did notice they closed their front gate later on. Don't be alarmed if you see that because the other side is open when coming out.Food/Drinks-the not so dirty dog and ribs were yummy! They were relatively small but good. The ribs even had a small toothpick on the side. Enjoy this along with some Modern Times Beer and your set.Drinks- Speaking of beer it's served in mugs    or in our case, a sleeve with good times at Davy Wayne's.Nice touch! Hopefully by the time you read this, they will have more than one bartender outside because line was a little long. I went opening week so I think they underestimated how many would show up.Bathroom-haha you will trip out here...just look for the W or M and push the wall. I also don't know what's up but they don't have seat covers. Maybe in the 70s they didn't? Who knows...cool art decor though.Also make sure to skim the cool 70s vintage things upon entering. Their actually for sale!
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,5/18/2014,174,356,11,18,18>Got Friday off & took my mom shopping.  We decided to grab a bite at Short Order.  We looked over the menu & decided to split the Pork Belly BLT & Short Order Cobb Salad.  I tried to get my mom to order a beer but she didn't bite.  She ordered a coffee instead & I got the Housemade Lemonade.  I'll have to come back w/ my husband...he'd never refuse a beer or cocktail.  O.K., back to the food...the Pork Belly BLT had pork belly, Applewood bacon, Bibb lettuce, avocado, tomato jam & mayo on a country White bread.  So technically it's a PBBLTA.  It was delicious!  The Short Order Cobb Salad had an olive oil fried egg a top Bibb lettuce, wild arugula along with Applewood bacon, Feta cheese, avocado & tomatoes with a lemon vinaigrette.  We both loved this version of a Cobb salad.  The service was fast & friendly.  I'll be back w/ my hubby for sure.
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2014,5/17/2014,790,272,19,22,20>Naheed is prompt, professional, thorough and flexible.  One of my longtime clients needed a photographer to cover a business event (summer 2012) on relatively short notice (a bus tour and luncheon for prospective developers and business owners.)  I indentified three reputable photographers and sent detailed inquiries to them in the early evening hours (after 6.)  Naheed was the first and best response.  I handled the pre-event interaction with Naheed; my client handled the post-event interaction.  We were both pleased.Naheed:1) Arrived early2) Took time to understand the nature of the event and the client's end goals3) Was professional in person4) Was professional in communication5) Was unobtrusive when she chose to be (which helped her get some candid shots)6) Was flexible about staying for an extra hour (we of course paid for the extra time) when the event ran a bit late7) Delivered the files sooner than expected8) Handled all client requests wellMy same client recently (Spring 2014) needed a photographer again.  I reminded my client about Neheedence, and they asked her to take some additional photos for their website and promo materials.  When I followed up to ask about the result, they reported equal satisfaction with Naheed's second booking.  My client also remarked on her ability to talk to people and put them at ease before photographing them.
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/17/2014,5/16/2014,3540,382,20,32,27>I came here for the Chinese medicine doctor and for an herbal prescription. I wasn't disappointed.I don't speak Chinese, but the doctor on site spoke English well enough for us to communicate my needs and her recommendation. She has a great personality as well and nice to deal with.After the consultation, she prescribed the herbal remedy to cure my Heat (if you know Chinese medicine you'll understand). They put together the remedy in huge sized tea bags for me to boil and drink for 5 days. I've been to other Chinese herbal places in the area and they don't give you these convenient tea bags. It's a huge plus.In the end, I paid $12 for the consultation and $66 for the remedy. The consultation is less than other places, but the remedy was higher than others. It all balances out.The store itself has a lot of imported Chinese items, from alcohol, candy, remedies and basic supplies. What I like most is their tea selection. Some top notch stuff here for you tea enthusiasts!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,5/15/2014,295,101,43,57,48>I come here strictly for the inexpensive lunch specials TO GO. Keyword is "TO GO". As much as I am a fan of this place, the interior is not welcoming enough to sit down and enjoy your meal. It's just too cluttered with books, newspapers, and among other things. The main menu is not written in English, but there is an entree menu in English in the yelp photos. Unfortunately, they don't have a bento menu in English. I just simply ask what they have and choose from there. Mr. Young is awesome and very kind. In fact, the entire staff is very nice to me. Food is good and for the price it can't be beat. I had the braised beef with some sides and for less than $6 I was hooked. There are dishes here I've never had anywhere else. I'm a fan of the house fried rice. I know the location and interior of the restaurant might be questionable to some. Just look pass it and enjoy your food at home or work. You can call ahead to save some time but even placing an order has proven to be quick.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,5/14/2014,780,172,29,36,35>i-first-learned-about-polka-several-years-back-but-for-no-particular-reason-didnt-visit-until-today-011814polka-is-located-in-a-tiny-strip-mall-on-the-corner-of-verdugo-rd-and-york-blvd-in-eagle-rock-from-the-outside-it-looks-small-which-it-is-and-simple-but-when-you-go-inside-its-nicer-than-expected-it-has-homey-yet-romantic-feel-to-it-with-window-dressings-nice-table-cloths-and-lamps-on-the-booths-against-the-back-wall-is-a-large-china-cabinet-which-adds-to-the-home-feel-but-serves-as-a-storage-for-plates-and-glass-where-in-the-center-of-the-china-cabinet-is-a-cut-out-window-where-the-food-is-sent-through-from-the-rear-kitchen-very-creative-the-quiet-and-soothing-feel-of-the-restaurant-which-i-love-isnt-particularly-geared-towards-rambunctious-children-and-i-think-it-would-be-disruptive-for-the-other-diners-during-our-visit-there-werent-very-many-patrons-and-it-made-for-a-nice-quiet-and-pleasant-dinning-experience-as-for-dinner-my-husband-decided-to-have-the-goabki-and-i-went-with-the-potato-pierogi-with-jalapenos-4-pierogis-come-in-the-meal-our-meals-came-with-tomato-soup-with-shell-pasta-small-salad-and-chocolate-pudding-the-tomato-soup-was-nice-and-creamy-and-i-liked-the-addition-of-the-shell-pasta-which-have-it-a-heartier-feelthe-salad-at-first-seemed-small-but-with-all-the-food-it-was-actually-portioned-perfectly-the-lettuce-carrot-shreds-and-cucumber-were-nice-and-fresh-perfectly-coated-with-just-the-right-amount-of-vinaigrettethe-golabkis-were-delicious-the-meat-was-nicely-seasoned-and-the-cabbage-wrapped-perfectly-complimented-the-beefpork-combination-the-sauce-it-came-with-was-a-bit-tangy-for-my-husbands-liking-but-i-happened-to-like-it-my-pierogis-were-perfect-they-had-the-right-amount-of-kick-with-the-jalapenos-i-know-traditional-pierogis-dont-have-jalapenos-but-as-with-everything-dishes-are-adjusted-to-accommodate-the-clientele-and-american-palate-of-a-given-region-i-loved-themboth-meals-came-with-green-beans-which-had-a-nice-crunch-and-werent-over-cooked-the-side-corn-and-carrots-were-nice-and-sweet-which-went-perfectly-with-my-spicy-potato-pierogis-we-also-got-a-side-order-of-kiebasa-and-porkchicken-pierogi-both-very-good-i-suggest-if-you-get-the-peirogi-dish-you-get-one-of-each-of-the-4-options-offered-seasoned-pork-chicken-or-sauerkraut-stewed-mushrooms-or-potatoes-cheese-or-potatoes-cheese-jalapeno-next-to-home-cooked-polish-food-which-ive-had-polka-is-the-next-best-thing-i-highly-recommend-polka-and-now-that-i-will-soon-return-oh-for-the-ladies-the-two-male-workersservers-were-a-nice-addition-and-very-pleasing-on-the-eye-wink-wink
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,5/13/2014,1700,729,42,49,47>Who names their kid Wendell? Not a common name these days especially for a bar. Not sure what to call this bar, a dive, lounge, cocktail bar. It's too clean and neat looking inside to be a dive. Whatever it is, it's a chill spot to hang. Ladies beware, this neighborhood headed south on Main Street isn't the best. If your in DTLA and sick of the hassle climbing over bodies just to get a drink, this is the place to go. It's chill and not as crowded. The mid shelf spirits and craft beer selection are decent here and reasonably priced. The good thing here is that it's not hella loud like most places. You can have a conversation at the bar. The interior is a vaulted ceiling with chandeliers and plastered walls. Paintings of classic bands cover some of the walls. The upper stairs with wrought iron railings lead you up to an open walkway leading to a loft area lounge. Bar is vintage Western with dark grain wood that reminds me of the old Bonanza television shows.The only gripe I had was they should monitor their communal restroom sinks from time to time. Entering this place, I used the restroom and found barf in one sink and upon leaving saw it wasn't cleaned up. Other than that, this place is chill.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,5/12/2014,1686,389,21,35,34>The head chief behind Beer Belly is now at it again at Whiz (on the same block, behind Beer Belly). Chef Wes' Philly roots gives Ktown an opportunity to taste the east coast, right here in the west coast! Philly cheese steaks with house made cheese whiz, burgers, wings and sammies are their specialties. I was really liking their garlic fries too. Mmmmm ... Herd through the grape vine that they are in the works of getting a mobile app together where you can place online orders through your smart phone! Pretty kewl.Love the patio area outside. Dog friendly :)
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,5/11/2014,782,622,18,27,26>This is not a sit down restaurant but rather it's a window you walk up to and order from. They have 2 small tables in front with 2 chairs each so it's probably best to place your order to go.They are located to the left of Mission Cantina off Sunset Blvd and Tamarind not too far from the 101 Fwy. Parking is a bit difficult but its not impossible. You might be lucky enough to find free parking in the neighborhood.Their menu is limited to 2 types of slider: hamburger and spicy fried chicken sliders. Both are good but the spicy chicken is the winner!  The fries are good too!To give you an idea of the size, if you picture a small slider, it's inaccurate. I would say  it's between a slider and burger. I think 2 is more than enough for the average person. If you have a smaller appetite, one slider along with fries should be plenty.  To my surprise I was not able to order water. My choices were between soda pops and milk shakes. I opted for root beer. I'd be curious to try their milk shake one of these days. They  have chocolate, strawberry, vanilla and date. They also have a crazy $20 shake on their menu which looks like something they'd have at a county fair. It has captain crunch, oreo's, twinkles, marshmallow, butterfingers and the list goes on. Sounds scary!!!I'm looking forward to going back (not for the giant shake though!).
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/16/2014,5/10/2014,1661,660,24,35,25>You know what's better than strolling through downtown early on a weekday and seeing a sign that says "Fresh vegan pies!"? I'll tell you what's better: going inside the shop, snagging a fresh baked vegan tofu curry potpie, getting into work while it's still hot, and finding out that it tastes friggen amazing.That right there about sums up my experience with Bronzed Aussie, a completely over the top pleasant surprise. I was walking to my tailor down the street and saw the Bronzed Aussie sign out on the sidewalk. "Fresh vegan pie for breakfast? Don't mind if I do." When I finally dug into that flaky tofu curry goodness I went into beast mode and devoured the thing in probably about 90 seconds.They had another vegan potpie option, Ratatouille if I'm not mistaken, and that one right there will be on my hit list next time I'm in the neighborhood.Aussies know how to make pies? Who knew... I learn something new everyday.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,5/8/2014,718,358,22,37,37>Kang Hodong Baekjeong is my pick for my # 300 review with a 5-star rating from me!On Yelp, Kang Hodong Baekjeong already has a top rating and I see why! They pride themselves as the #1 BBQ in Koreatown and it did not disappoint. It is not AYCE, but the bill averages out $25-30 per person including tax and tip.  The quality of meat is prime and service is A+ making Kang Hodong Baekjeong AMAZING!  The downfall of this place is the wait; I came on a Tuesday night and the wait was still around an hour long, crazy! Luckily, you can leave your number and come back when they call you. There are plenty of café, bars, and dessert shops close by to keep you occupy for your wait. Be creative!The menu is simple and I would suggest going for the Beef or Pork Combo; you really can't go wrong and it's enough to keep you full and satisfied. I ordered the Beef Combo for a party of 4 (combo also comes for party of 2). The combo comes with Bonesless Short Rib, Brisket, Short Rib or Rib Eye. If you decide to go with the Pork Combo, it comes with Pork Neck, Pork Bull, Short Rib or Pork Belly *note that the pork combo is $10-15 cheaper.Overall, I love their meats and their side dishes are simple and good. I can't wait to come back again and try their pork combo in the future, so delicious!Parking: pain in the butt, go for valet w/ validation.
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,5/7/2014,439,104,30,37,34>I went to 5 different thrift shops in the area today hoping to find the random treasures to make me go, "Squeeeee, what a deal! What a steal!"Out of all 5 my luck was here at Helping Hands for Animals Thrift Store.I squee'd when I found TWO specific styled vintage glass bottles that match my growing collection. Ohhh yeah! Loved the toy section since I work with kids. Grabbed an unopened Beauty & the Beast activity for 50 cents. Sweet!AND to top it off they benefits the meows and woofs. Yay! The End.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/6/2014,5/6/2014,634,401,36,39,39>I have been driving past this place for so many years and never once did I actually consider eating here, but a few days ago, I couldn't help but wonder ... a place here for so long, the food must be good! Pulled out my trusty Yelp and saw the reviews - mainly for the deep fried burrito, but I was more interested in their chili cheese French fries. I had already bought lunch, but I was really craving fries and while I wanted to resist pulling over to get some fries, another part of me didn't really want to resist. Yea, I gave in to temptation and boy was it delicious! There's a pretty big parking lot behind the small Taco Treat shack. There are only a few patio chairs and tables outside - the majority of the customers eat the food in their cars or take it home. The lady who took my order seemed nice enough. I had read on another review that if you're a first time customer, they give you a deep fried burrito on the house, but that didn't happen. Oh well - the menu is straightforward: burritos, tostadas, quesadillas, French fries, burgers, chips, chili and drinks. I ordered a small chili cheese fries which came out to a total of $3.82 plus tax. Prices are decent and they do have a special on their burritos on Mondays and Tuesdays. My fries came in a rectangular box, heavy and filled with goodness. My mouth watered just thinking about eating it! That was the biggest mistake - buying the order of fries on the way to school. I didn't want to hit traffic, so I left right away, but then I realized I would have to wait until I got to school before being able to eat those fries! I snuck in a few bites, but I was able to keep myself from indulging because I knew it was going to be messy. Pulled into a spot and decided to just eat in the car. Second mistake - these fries are good and packed with chili, beans, meat, cheese, and even some fresh tomato chunks. I had the hot sauce on the other side of the container along with ketchup and ... I was glad nobody was next to me watching me eat in the car. I couldn't resist and ended up eating half of the fries (okay, maybe a little more than half) and basically spilling much of it all over my clothes and car. Yep, bad decision ... but worth it! I've had The Hat and Apollo's chili cheese fries and while they all taste good, each place has something distinct about their own food. Taco Treat uses crinkly fries and doesn't take it easy on the sauce or the cheese. The fresh tomatoes also were great. I didn't find the hot sauce to be hot at all, so I just ended up using ketchup. I ended up justifying to myself that I deserved the fries, and scarfed down the rest of the fries for dinner. Even cold, they were good haha! Do I regret eating them? Just a little, but I'm glad I gave in to my temptations and tried out Taco Treat. Definitely will be back ... in the far future when I want to eat something totally unhealthy and bad for my body. This whole review was based on my experience of their chili cheese fries only ... as you can see, it left quite an impression. Cash only!
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,5/5/2014,1813,600,18,27,23>Tagine's main claim to fame is Ryan Gosling's part ownership, which surprisingly hasn't translated into a full or even half full house. Maybe if they put a cardboard cutout of him out front, or his image on their business cards all the single ladies would be inclined to come. It was empty on our arrival, but so cozy, dark and sexy. It's also very small, so the moody atmosphere fits and it's probably a blessing to everyone except Ryan and his partners that it's not busier. Definitely a date night kind of place and not a group party atmosphere. The Amuse Bouché was ridiculously delightful, as was the asparagus soup. That was followed by Bastilla Cornish Hen, which was one of those rare "oh my goodness" dishes we all eat out for. The balance of flavors was astounding up to that point. The entrees faired a little less well. The Chilean Sea Bass was good but ever so slightly overcooked unfortunately. The Lamb Chop was excellent, though not quite as lovely as the version served nearby at the now defunct Mezze.Many restaurants do small plates and appetizers better than entrees and Tagine is no exception. The desserts redeemed everything though. A simply astoundingly good Chocolate Soup and a wondrous Baklava. The Chocolate soup was easily the highlight of the meal. On the downer, the wine list is overpriced and the corkage is too expensive. Not surprising for the neighborhood but still not worth it. And when all was said and done, after tax and tip, it wasn't quite worth the $190 price tag for a lovely but slightly uneven dinner. Which I guess is why you can find Groupons and discounts around if you look now. At $50 less it would have been bargain, as it was it was a very nice, very expensive dinner. Best Plates: Asparagus Soup, Pastille Cornish Hen, Lamb Chop, Chocolate Soup, BaklavaPalate: High end Mediterranean Food: A-Ambience: A+Service: A-Value: B-
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,5/4/2014,414,207,21,32,25>Another New Year's Eve has come and gone.  It's become a tradition for me to wash away my sins from a year-full of food debauchery by starting anew with a cleansing of southern comfort and soul food.  After a year of various BBQ detours and pot holes the final day of 2013 brought us to Hambone's BBQ and Po-Boy Sandwiches (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamb…).  I can truthfully say that we saved the best for last.The biggest unexpected surprise:  I would have never thought that I would have walked into a Soul Food BBQ house and walked out saying "Those were the best tacos I've ever had!"  A big Kudos to you Hambone; for allowing me to experience the ecstasy of a very soulful taco.  We ordered:- No. 8 BBQ Three Meat Combo Dinner [23.99] (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamb…) - chose the BBQ Beef Brisket, BBQ Tri Tip, and Baby Back Ribs.  This dinner came with two sides and two dinner rolls.  They didn't have collard greens which are always a must, but we ordered the baked beans and onion rings (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamb…) as our two sides.  The sauce is dark and smooth with a spicy kick to it.  Great on the fall-off-the-bone ribs.  Those dinner rolls come in handy to sop up all that sauce and simmered drippings of the brisket.  The brisket was indeed melt-in-your mouth and probably the best meat out of the bunch.  The tri tip was thinly sliced and smoked to perfection.  The baked beans were spicy - just the way I like it, and the beer battered fires were equally good.- We took advantage of Taco Tuesday and chose two tacos filled with pulled pork and beef brisket (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamb…).  You have the option of a bunch of meat fillings but the combination of these meats is out of this world.- We also partook in the blending of swamp water (sweet tea) and strawberry lemonade [2.25].  A perfect combination of sweet freshness.- I had to also taste their coleslaw [2.75] (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamb…).  Sweet to the taste which retains the typical southern-style touch.  Hambone has it all figured out for you.  Each day he has weekly specials that are nicely priced to service those who just want to bring their soulful appetites:- Mon - Soul Bowl [5.00] - mac & cheese, black-eyed peas with a choice of meat for a topping.- Tues - Taco Tuesday, all tacos are 99 cents with choice of beef, chicken, brisket or turkey.- Wed - Pulled Pork or Brisket sammie with fries [5.00].- Thur - Spicy Link sammie with fries [5.00].- Fri - Loaded Fries [5.00] topped with choice of meat, with cheese, grilled onions, and BBQ sauce.- Sat - Rib tips and fires [5.00].- Starting in 2014, each Sunday is funday with Soul Food Sundays.  Price ranges from [11-12.50].  There are 5 meat (pork chops, sliced beef, smothered dark meat chicken, baked chicken, and fried chicken wings) meals that includes 2 sides.If I lived closer, I'd be here every day to experience these deals.  After we finished, Hambone came out and introduced himself and asked how everything was.  "Amazing" was the first thing out of my mouth after I put all that into my mouth.  He also brought us his banana pudding (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamb…), which is a very rich custard with large slices of banana and bread chunks.  The environment is the cleanest out of all the southern BBQ places we've been to so far (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamb…).  There are 2 small tables in the front dining area with additional side counters where people can sit on taller bar stools.  There are 6 tables out in the back patio area (yelp.com/biz_photos/hamb…).  The service is very friendly and you are met with smiles and down-to-earth hospitality. While we were siting there waiting, we noticed that the majority of Hambone's clientele are there for takeout.  People seem to be picking up larger orders by the pound and taking them back to their offices.  If you take a look at the menu, you'll find many items sold by the pound.  A pound of the mouth-watering brisket is $12.25, and the pulled pork is $10.25.  Hambone makes a special batch of black-eyed peas just to ring in the New Year - so treat yourself right and ensure you have good luck this year; make sure you try these on New Year's Day.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2014,5/3/2014,824,286,24,32,27>friggin five stars baby.  but honestly, I want to give Quenelle 10!!wow, LA now has some darn ass kickin' really gooooood ice cream.  no joke.  I don't lend myself easily to many ice cream spots in SoCali.  at most I will have one favorite at each institution, but Quenelle has quality and bursting flavors with just about every creation.  the first time I had the privilege of trying their concoctions was at Tokyo Fried Chicken Co. in Monterey Park.  I had the Apple Pie a la Mode ice cream bar and Banana Cream Pie bon bons.  both had the crisp fresh flavors of an apple pie and banana cream pie.  amazing, how do they do this??  I was blown away.  the flavors also finish off very clean on the palate and are NOT overly sweet.  and that makes me really really happy!!  consistency is also great, melts perfectly and oh sooooo smooth.my brother Joseph A. has been having quite the affair with Quenelle for some time.  his ice cream allowances are limited and he often chooses to spend them here, so I knew at some point i'd have to see for myself.  finally last weekend, we were able to stop by the Quenelle storefront and I sampled the Blueberry, which was amazing, but I went for the VANILLA MARSCAPONE and RAS EL RAGOUT (sp?? sorry cannot remember, but this flavor, I was told, is a Moroccan spice.  it's similar to chai tea, but has a more pungent bite!  quite a turn on, if you ask me). luscious and decadent, loved my two firsts from Quenelle.  I was also curious about their chocolate feuilletine topping, which is bits of chocolate covered pastry.  they gave me a complimentary sample to try.  just yummy!  kinda like chocolate rice crispies :)  I also mentioned to the friendly owner that I had their bon bons at Tokyo Fried Chicken Co and asked if they had any here.  he told me that they unfortunately didn't have any but then turned around and handed me a strawberry bon bon to try on the house.  I was ecstatic!!  and it was divine.  not a big fan of strawberry ice cream, but with ice cream this good?  yes, I am.  my daughter had the MANDARIN KALAMANSI and CUCUMBER GREEK YOGURT.  two more delicious flavors... have not had anything here that tasted "meh"... isn't that a pleasant surprise?  the only problem I have here is choosing!yes I am, I am... a big big fan.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2014,5/2/2014,165,165,16,22,19>This is one of my favorite hikes thus far. I like how this is an easy hike that my dog can do, and the payoff of the waterfall is awesome. From the overflow parking lot, it's a 4 mile hike roundtrip.The first half of the hike to the waterfall is really easy. The trail is wide open and is fairly flat. The second half involves a narrow trail, rocky, some elevation gain, and a few stream crossings.If you decide to go into the water at the waterfall, I would bring a pair of flip flops, because the rocks hurt!My only complaint is that the trail gets pretty crowded, especially at the waterfall. I guess if you're new to the trail, it's a plus since you won't get lost.There's a parking lot at the trailhead, and there's also an overflow parking lot. Just be careful of where you park and read the signs, because you'll get ticketed if you park where you're not supposed to.
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2014,5/1/2014,199,134,47,54,53>The Actors Co-op Theatre Company kicked off its 22nd season with Ken Ludwig's "Lend me a Tenor", directed by Moosie Drier and produced by Kimi Walker. I was fortunate to receive a pair of tickets for Saturday, March 23, 2014 and took my mom as my date as I know she enjoys a good comedy. I stand corrected; this was a great comedy put together by a top notch cast and crew.THE THEATERThe David Schall Theatre is located on the campus of the campus of the First Presbyterian Church of Hollywood off N Gower St. and one block south of the 101 Hwy. Well-lit parking is located south of Carlos Ave, which is across the street from the campus. The theater itself is small- stadium seating provides seating for 90 on cushioned chairs. The theater is ADA compliant, yet there is a wooden bench that blocks 1/2 of the entrance ramp. Temperature inside is comfortable and its easy to enjoy the performance from any seat.THE PERFORMANCEThe cast as a whole, and individually, did an outstanding job of taking the audience back to 1934 and enjoying the comical follies of the Cleveland Grand Opera Company. I literally laughed out loud throughout the performance, it was that much fun! Some of my favorite characters are Maria (the wife) and the Bellhop, both characters that added to the eccentricity of the whole situation.This is a polished cast that entertains from beginning to end. Kudos goes to the lighting, sound, costume, and make-up crew that made the stage and set feel like 1934 but also accentuate the persona of the characters (for example, Max's loose-fitting attire making him appear young and in over his head). DON'T MISS OUTThe Actors Co-op will be performing "Lend me a Tenor" until May 4, 2014. Seating is $30/person, $20 for students with ID, and $25 for seniors (60+). This play is perfect for a date night or friends looking to enjoy a night out.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,4/30/2014,2719,2132,93,104,101>A cafe inside a fitness center?Go inside and sign your name before you go upstairs.The place is kinda weird.  It's basically just an open place with a cafe at the corner.Everything is so cute in here.  I ordered special espresso hazelnut white mocha latte and nutella strawberry whip strawberry waffle.  Ya, weird names LOL.  Is this espresso or latte?  Strawberry whip strawberry waffle?Special espresso hazelnut white mocha latte ($5.50) with $1.50 extra shot:Strong, good and it came with tiny cream puff.  I liked the cream puff because the filling was yum and light.  I couldn't sleep that night...it's that strong!!Nutella strawbery whip strawberry waffle ($7.75): the nutella was super messy and kinda hard to eat without having chocolate lips.  I kept wiping my lips and finally just gave up.  The strawberry was sweet but I didn't really care for the waffle itself.Wow!! They place more table on the other side?  Nope, that's my own reflection LOLFree fast wifi and the password is changed every 3 hours.Great service.  The workers checked on me and didn't kick me out.4 stars!!  I actually enjoy hanging out @ this hidden cafe.Cafe Maji is yummylicious!!
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,4/29/2014,683,312,29,30,37>*** One of the best days***I have some douche-bag friends who still give me a hard time for the fact I'm down with cupcakes. I could care less. I love them. End of story. Comfortable like a lazy boy with my manhood. Good thing I have a lot of girl friends who like me cant fight off a cupcake to save their life. Blame it on my sister/mom.Now for a while I haven't written a review because last time I came they were sold out and only had  whoopee pies left. Red velvet was ok. Not what I'm here for. Yesterday I came to see if I could get lucky. Oh yea I did. Got to the front and I forgot they were closed on Sunday's!!! Fail!! I shuffled my feet onwards and a gentlemen approached me and quote:Man: you looking for some cupcakes?Me: yea!Man: my wife is the owner. We are closed today but I have some Samoa's in the back I could give you some for free.Me: WHAAAAAAAAAAT! YES!Man: how many you want? 6? 12?Me: whatever you want to throw down. I'm just thankful to get anything!I'm thinking he's going to give me some Samoa cookies they made or something. He brought out 1 dozen Samoa cupcakes!!!!!!!!!! Damn!!!!! My lucky day!!!!!!! Favorite cookie in cupcake form!!!!!!!! Could not believe how great that turned out to be. Apparently on Sunday's they go from hospital to hospital giving out free cupcakes. I happen to catch him at the right time. He was so cool. We spoke for minute and I told him where I work so I hope they stop by my hospital! The cupcake was great. Definitely some fire filling- ganache? GaGreat is more like it.  The cookie on top was awesome. Actual cake itself was not dry, not cheap tasting, and not too moist.The owner or part owner I met was awesome. Could not have been a cooler dude. Thank you so much!
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2014,4/28/2014,1006,957,31,38,35>Two hours after my meal, my breath was still heavily scented with musky fish sauce.  Chunks of galangal and holy basil fell from the crevices of my teeth, and I was burping straight mango and turmeric.While we were eating, I looked around the restaurant and admired the sheer gumption of Jitlada, unapologetically foisting Thai spicy levels on the masses (primarily white people that night).  Everyone was blowing their nose and frantically sipping smoothies - and waiting outside in droves for the privilege of doing so.  Our medium-spicy order was every bit as fiery as every hole-in-the-wall noodle joint in Thai town full of Thai people.I understand how they can charge $7 for smoothies.  They know you need them in order to moderate the spice level of the food.  That's a bullshit markup if you ask me.  I can make the same thing at home with an immersion blender for $2.  However, I do think their FOOD is fairly priced.  I know Thai food isn't usually $15-25 per plate, but that $3-$6-per-plate Thai food isn't usually richly layered with herbs that float out one by one and tap your tastebuds lightly, as if to say, "Hi!  You may not have noticed me, but here I am."Nothing we ordered tasted like anything I'd ever eaten before.The wonton soup (ordered for my less-than-adventurous grandma) came out half tom yum broth and half Vietnamese stinky anchovy broth, with thick-skinned, probably handmade dumplings and sweet marinated fatty pork.The coco crab soup was a citrusy, cooling, creamy and crowded jumble of extremely fresh seafood.  Some crabs had to be cracked by hand.  I gladly got my fingers covered in coconut to do so.The grilled sweet eel with mango and spicy lime sauce had the texture of an expensive memory foam mattress and the flavor of a tropical beach BBQ.A special of the day, the lamb curry noodles, slurped into my mouth so smoothly that I was shocked when the first wave of spice hit.  This is when my uncle, choking, waved a waitress down and ordered a second smoothie.  But beyond the spice, it had an earthy, mysterious quality to it that suggested it'd been cured in a barrel or something, like fancy alcohol.  The lamb was cooked in a style I'd heretofore considered Middle Eastern - tender to the point of falling apart, clinging barely to the bone, the bone chopped roughly and left to flow marrow.The only dish I didn't find stunning was the spicy seafood salad, a limp Thai standby that was good, but not up to the surprising standard of the rest of it.  The squid limbs, sadly, were rubbery.  At the point I tried it, it was just more painful spice with no taste payoff.Yes, they do take awhile to make your food.  It's not excessive, but don't come hungry.  And don't expect the staff to do anything but sweep by your table and take orders perfunctorily.  They're blank-faced and overworked.  And why shouldn't they be?  Nothing else in town tastes like this.  I understand the lines and I understand the prices and I understand the hype.  Throwing Jitlada in the same category as the cheap noodle joints in Thai Town is silly.  They're both great.  But they're not the same.
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,4/27/2014,130,458,24,30,29>Up until today, I have been Bambu deprived.  I watched over the past couple of month as my Yelp friends posted pictures and wrote nice reviews.  Bambu has always been out of the way for me, until now.  Thank you for opening one up in my hood, and thanks to Kenzie K., for personally letting me know about it.  I came here during their grand opening.  The drinks here are only $3.  My family and I arrived at the perfect time.  No other customers!  We were able to meet with the woman, who seemed to be the owner of this location.  She was very nice.  She spent her time with my family and I telling us all about Bambu, and how they started in the Bay area and how she was part of the Bambu family.  She told us all about her drink, the best sellers, and how they only use fresh ingredients. She was so friendly, that my wife and I enjoyed listening to her.  We evenutally ordered the Bambu Special and the Che Thap Cam from their dessert menu.  The Bambu Special came with coconut, pandan jelly, longan, basil seed and coconut juice.   The Che Thap Cam came with red and white beans, green and mung beans, taro, pearl, pandan, combo jelly and coconut milk.  The Bambu Special was more fruity, and less sweet.  The Che Thap Cam (combo) was sweet and very filling dessert.  Both of the drinks were very good in different ways.  In addition to their dessert drinks, they also have milk teas, cold drinks, hot drinks, blended coffees, and smoothies.  It is now the week after their grand opening.  Drinks are nor buy one get one free with Facebook check in.  Better than the grand opening discount.  I guess it is finally time for me to download the Facebook app for iPad so I can check in.Bambu is a very good drink and dessert place.  I'm glad they finally decided to open up one closer to where I am.  The drinks that I tried very good.  I will be back to try more.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,4/25/2014,1030,557,27,34,26>I am fond of Syrup for a couple of different reasons. - Namely, this place is open until midnight, so when I require a coffee/tea/etc after the hours of 8, this is the best option.- Their sweets, as expected, are ridiculously tasty. While I don't often partake in such things, their waffles and crepes are absurdly good if you have a sweet tooth. I have also, on one occasion, tried the classic grilled cheese sandwich, which I enjoyed.- I'm fairly certain this might be the only place downtown to get a decent milkshake? (Please note I am not including smoothies into this statement, as there are a million places to get awesome smoothies.)- Over the summer I was obsessed with their iced coffee because it's so damn cheap. It's actually pretty decent, too. Right now, in the harsh 77 degree Los Angeles winters, I have been partaking in their "drinking chocolate," which I find to be the douchiest name ever so of course I call it that as much as possible.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2013,4/24/2014,685,98,25,31,25>One of my FAVORITE cheap AYCE joints in K-Town! Now, for all those who LOVE a bargain, they do have a $9.99 special you can go for that includes 11 different kinds of meats but I like to pay $2 more to get more BEEF in my life!- Angus Beef Brisket (YUM!)- Marinated Beef (I'm not a fan of any of the marinated meats. Definitely takes away from the actual meat flavor, if you ask me!)- Beef Rib Finger (OMG, serious meat-gasm in the mouth! This definitely gives your teeth that amazing beef texture it craves so much! This is not available in Option A!)- Beef Hanging Tender (Seriously, who doesn't like strips of tenderloin grilled to a perfect medium-rare ?! This is also not included in Option A!)- Pork Belly (Another YUM!)- Marinated Pork- Pork w/ Bean Sprout- Marinated Chicken- Marinated Pork Spar Rib- Beef Large Intestine (Another of my favorites! I guess I'm really a texture kinda gal!)- Beef Abomasum- Beef Honey Comb- Pork SkinThe service here is always a home-run for me and I love that they give you Barley water (I think that's what it is). Another plus has to be the SUPER DELICIOUS kimchi! One of the worst things in the world would be going to an AYCE KBBQ joint and getting kimchi THAT ISN'T kimchi! I've gone through that before and trust me, that's definitely NOT something that'll get you 4 stars on your Yelp! page (;Now, there really is no such thing as a PERFECT restaurant, so let's go through the only real con for me! This will definitely have to be the parking. There are like 10 parking spots in this little plaza and like 10 stores! So parking is can get a bit troublesome on the more crowded nights. BUUUUUUT, that's why I usually only come out here on the weekdays or for lunch! YUMMM Happy eating (;
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,4/23/2014,804,340,39,35,38>Ladies and gentlemen,  I bring you a special review.  I have called upon an old friend to relay this review to you.Ladies and gentlemen,  I give you:Rod Serling.As you walk through the door you don't need touse your imagination.Beyond it is almost another dimension, another time,  another state of mind.A restaurant that lays in a shadow but has substance.A restaurant with ideas and taste of a different time.I introduce Otomisan. A restaurant that has its roots in an era gone by.And Otomisan, if you can believe it, is still in it.A time capsule of sorts. Where a friendly family, within an intimate space, serves classic home style food with great taste at a low price.Japanese home style. And before you naysayers from the show me state of Missouri begin to say impossible, that the bull is off its nickel.  I ask you to walk through the door and try the tempura. The place is Otomisan and the time, the time,about 1959.And you have just walked into the twilight zone.
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2014,4/22/2014,4339,292,57,69,62>Went here because my family is visiting from Buffalo and was craving Filipino food.  I was too lazy to cook so we rolled the dice on LA Rose Cafe.  It's also been in my bookmarks for a while now and crossing some stuff off that list gives me a sense of accomplishment so we went.  Damn me for waiting this long.  I could've been eating this delicious goodness sooner.  We ordered several dishes and shared it family styled.  EVERYTHING we got was FANTASTIC.Chicken and Pork Empanadas - generous with the meat filling, very goodCRISPY PATA - pig knuckles fried to a crispy delight, very meaty, not as fatty as most restaurants and served with soy-vinegarKARE KARE - they used MEATY OXTAIL, very authentic, reminds me of my grandma's cooking and that woman can throw down in the kitchenTOCINO (marinated pork) with Garlic Fried Rice and Eggs (Typical Filipino breakfast which they serve ALL DAY) - One of the BEST tocino I've had in LA.Ribeye with mushrooms and sauteed vegetables - good quality meat, cooked perfectly to your preference with fresh veggiesPancit - one of the best pancit in the areaFried Lumpia - fried little nuggets of heavenFresh Lumpia - nice healthy/vegetarian option (I didn't try it, I was too busy with the fried stuff)The service was also great.  The staff was very friendly and helpful.  If you're not familiar with Filipino food, they'll fully explain it to you with an accent and a smile!  Parking is street only, metered parking til 8pm.  See you there....I'll be the one in the back stuffing my face with one hand and taking pictures of the food with the other!
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,4/21/2014,298,127,15,27,23>I don't know why I have not known this place but I'm glad I found it!!!! Super damn delicious!!! Came here a little past noon and it wasn't so busy. As a first timer I settled for the charbroiled sampler, which included the giant shrimp, salmon, and tiger shrimp. Also had to try their Cole slaw and clam chowder. It didn't take long to get our food, probably 25-30 min. tops. But damn, the food is Soooo damn BOMB!!! Tiger shrimp and giant shrimp was cooked at the right amount. At some places I've been to, shrimps on skewers always end up burnt and coming out all black. At this place it wasnt burnt on the outside or nothing, just right! And to top It off, their garlic butter sauce is perfection!!!! I could seriously just drink It...Ok that's a little too extreme. But definitely have to dip whatever food u got on your plate with that garlic butter. It'll change your life. Trust!! I'm a huge cole slaw fan, and very picky when it comes to it. I must say, they exceeded expectations. Just the right amount of dressing. Yum!!!! Just writing this review is already making me crave this place. If you guys havent tried it yet, CHECK IT OUT!!
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/20/2014,3695,1087,20,30,28>Happy Hour review ONLY:After coming here a few times for Happy Hour, I am really starting to ADORE this place. They recently removed food from their menu, but their HH drink deals make up for it TEN FOLD! Selected drafts, wells, and wines are ONLY $3 from 4-8pm. Get OUTTTT. I had 3 pints of Racer 5 for less than ten bucks!! The vibe of Salvage is really chill and laid back M-W (These are the only days of the week you'll ever find me here. All other days this place turns into a night club with a line around the corner. No thank you!).You can find plenty of seating and it's easy to have a conversation without screaming at the person next to you. The place doesn't get extremely packed during HH so you can enjoy a nice, mellow, and laid back time. It's perfect for small groups or an intimate drink with you main squeeze...but it's also roomy enough to hold very large groups of 10-20. They have live music on Thursdays as well and the energy/vibe really picks up. Salvage got it's name because they preserved a lot of art and fixtures from historic LA buildings. That explains the vintage looking interior design and makes me LOVE this bar so much more. Also, shout out to Dee for being the dopest and hottest little cocktail waitress ever.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,4/19/2014,95,266,12,17,17>Deliciously fresh!  This place is unsuspecting because it's right next to a neighborhood market.  It gets super crowded weekdays for lunch.  Luckily, my coworkers and I came early and beat the crowd.  If you like sauce and thick condiments, the sandwiches are for you.  There's so much going on between the bread.  I got the Chicken California.  The chicken was the last thing I tasted in the sandwich; the greens, avocado, cheese, and sauce are stuffed in that sandwich!I'm not too fond of their hot dogs, but the fries are crispy and seasoned well.  I'll have to come back for their daily soup.  There's a minimum for credit card, I believe it is $6 or $8.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,4/18/2014,72,446,31,35,33>Oh, boy...who are the cooks at Koi?!  Alright, I'm no fan of sushi, but I must say Koi is supposedly one of the best restaurants in LA for sushi.  Not only sushi, but this place has some of the best Lamb Chops I've ever eaten!  What did I do to deserve Lamb Chops that taste so good?  Oh, now I remember, a friend brought me to Koi for my birthday.  I'm so glad I crossed the pond...at Koi.We arrived before our scheduled reservation time, so we sat at the bar.  Being that I'm not a (alcohol) drinker, I requested a virgin blend of something nice.  That bartender worked his magic by creating liquefied euphoria!  My drink was memorable but, I'm hoping nothing alchoholic was mixed in, as I felt somewhat of a happy buzz.  At any rate, as we sat at the bar we were able to talk and people-watch.  Movers, shakers, and celebs are prone to dine here.  Koi appears small from the exterior, but this place is sizable and has soothing design elements.  In terms of food, where do I begin?  We started with the Seafood Miso Soup which consists of clams, crab, and scallops.  Then, we ordered Koi Crispy Rice, which is topped with spicy tuna, Koi Dragon Roll, a side of shrimp, Grilled Skirt Steak, and those amazingly good Grilled Lamb Chops.  Without a doubt, and all jokes aside, I think those Lamb Chops could easily be the new aphrodisiac!  The other food was good, but the Lamb Chops are simply amazing!Undoubtedly, Koi has some good food.  To date, those are the best Lamb Chops I've ever eaten.  The service at Koi is passable but, given the taste of the food, that passable service is easily overshadowed.  Prices may be high to some, but well worth it, especially for a special occasion!  We enjoyed our meal and I'm very appreciative of my friend for bringing me to Koi to celebrate my birthday.  If I haven't said it enough already, I highly suggest the Lamb Chops at Koi!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,4/17/2014,3365,753,47,42,39>On my birthday some dude named Chad stuffed me with his meat while my wife watched in horror....and I could not have been happier.The LA Mozza empire powers on full steam ahead...Chad Colby is LA's Willy Wonka of meat and here is some proof...AFFETTATI MISTIyelp.com/biz_photos/chi-…Yes, those are crisp breadsticks wrapped in pancetta,  I conducted a mini pork symphony while I waved them around like an idiot before jamming them in my food hole.  The salumi was incredible, the pork terrine was amazing and the crispy pig trotters were like mini fried hockey pucks filled with hog foot awesomeness.BUTTER PANEyelp.com/biz_photos/chi-…Thick, hot buttery bread served alongside some rich pork infused butter, Paula Deen, eat your heart out.CHIANTI COLAZyelp.com/biz_photos/chi-…This was my birthday dinner...what was I supposed to do...NOT DRINK!?  You're insane.  Went down smooth and reasonably priced.SQUASH BLOSSOMSyelp.com/biz_photos/chi-…Shared these with the wife, and we both enjoyed the ricotta filling and bed of tomato vinaigrette.  Pretty too.SHORT RIBSyelp.com/biz_photos/chi-…The wife had these and liked 'em a lot.  She ate around the bone so I got down and slurped on some bones, really tasty, ton of flavor.RED WATTLE PORK SEGRETOyelp.com/biz_photos/chi-…I honestly could not remember the last time I had a piece of pork this amazing.  It was obscenely absurd.  Cooked absolutely perfect...tender, moist and ridiculously flavorful.  I was on cloud ten.ROSEMARY OLIVE OIL CAKEyelp.com/biz_photos/chi-…I'm not gonna lie, this was just pretty ok and nothing special, but they brought it out with a candle and the wife sang me happy birthday and I'm a sentimental bastard so I liked it.In conclusion, I dedicate this 600th review to the wife for putting up with all my bullshit and watching me stuff my mouth with meat for so many years.Yelpers, get your beautiful asses on down to Willy Wonka's Meat Factory.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2013,4/16/2014,1821,475,33,26,20>laserslightsair gunsconfettiANDa mother fucking disco ballNUFF SAID
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/11/2014,4/15/2014,818,503,35,53,39>The Owl Trail is probably my favorite in Cherry Canyon.  It is sheltered by mature Oak trees for at least half the way to the top.  The trail starts on the left when you enter the main entrance to Cherry Canyon on Hampstead Rd.It is a nice cardio workout because it goes uphill the whole way and gets really steep in some parts.  The erosion of a few parts of the trail makes it a little slippery, so make sure you wear some shoes with tread on them.  My son was wearing his Vans and I was amazed he didn't slip or fall going up.  There is also a section with a lot of loose rocks, so watch your step.  I much prefer going up this trail than going down.  I have gone down it once and that was enough.  To get to the top of the trail it is .68 miles and about 332 feet in elevation gains.  You heart rate should increase quite a bit if you don't stop or are talking to a friend.When you get to the top of the trail you will intersect the Ridge Motorway.  You can either turn left and extend your hike up to the Lookout Station, take a little trail called The Ultimate Destination Trail on the left or just head toward Glendale.  If you chose to take the Ridge Motorway to Glendale then you can take a detour to the Catalina Verdugo Trail by the Glendale Sports Complex.If you turn right on Ridge Motorway when you get to the top of the Owl Trail  you can do a loop to get you back down to the bottom.  When you see the paved road on the left there will be large signs for Descanso Motorway and Cherry Canyon Motorway.  To get back to you car take Cherry Canyon Motorway.  If you want to take the Descanso Motorway you can add a few miles to you hike.  I would suggest that you park another car down by Descanso Gardens or you'll just have to walk back along Descanso Drive to Chevy Chase and then Hampstead Road.Miscellaneous Information:The La Canada Trails Council indicates that the Owl Trail is .53 miles, but I measured it on Map My Hike and it is .68 miles from the bottom to the Ridge Motorway.lcftrails.orgThere are waste bins and bags at the bottom of the trail, so if you forget your doggie waste bags then grab a couple.  Please pick up after your dog.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/14/2014,517,86,13,26,22>Chino is definitely not on the top of the list for cities with good eats.. but Riverside Grill is leaving a strong mark in my book! For all my fellow brunching ladies (a.k.a. morning alcoholics), their fresh-squeezed mimosas are $12 for a decent sized pitcher making it a great spot to catch up on all love, life, and drama in our everyday lives. The use of fresh ingredients is evident in everything they offer. I've tried a good variety of their breakfast and lunch menus from the veggie omelet to the chili size burger and have loved everything to date. From a recent visit, the grilled beefeater tri-tip sandwich on sourdough with avocado and a side of au jus hit just the spot for a hearty appetite. Family-friendly, homely, and conveniently located next to a car wash - Riverside Grill  has become a new local favorite!
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2013,4/13/2014,753,422,9,30,20>I was taken to Trois Mec by my family for a late birthday dinner and before I even stepped foot inside I loved every aspect of the restaurant. It's located in a dirty strip mall in Hollywood next to a gas station and a 24 hour donut shop, there's no signage except the old pizza parlor sign that housed the location before and a small "open" sign pointing at the door. The windows are covered so you can't see inside, and there's no valet parking stand. It's truly the definition of a hidden gem. However, if you show up without a reservation you'll be turned away immediately. The tickets must be purchased online two weeks in advance. But be warned, they go fast! There's two seating times a night here and tickets can only be purchased in even numbers. If you purchase two tickets, you'll most likely be seated at the bar overlooking the chefs preparing each meal. Parties of four or six are given one of very few tables against the wall. The restaurant only seats a total of about 30 people.As soon as we were seated, the unforgettable meal began. First we were given several "snacks" before our first course. They were buckwheat popcorn, a mini steamed bun, tempura baby corn with cilantro sauce, and a potato chip topped with caviar and cream. They were all amazingly delicious and I easily could have had 15 of the steamed buns for my entire dinner and been completely satisfied! They were a great start to what was sure to be a one-of-a-kind meal.After the snacks, the first course on the menu came out -- avocado, sushi rice, salt cod cream, lime, and cilantro. The avocado was chilled and fresh and the rice was cooked perfectly. The real highlight of the dish though was the cod cream. It was full of flavor and not too salty as to overpower the entire dish.Next up was the raw beef, grilled yogurt, fermented black walnut, and caramelized eggplant. This dish was surely the surprise of the night. It had a somewhat mesquite flavor to it that really came as a shock after the first bite. It was a pleasant surprise, that's for sure! The grilled yogurt was delicious and enriched the flavor of every bite!After that came out the first of two supplements: scrambled eggs with Royal Ostera caviar. This was, without a doubt, my favorite dish of the night. After the first bite my uncle even let out a very content "Oh, f_ck!" and I couldn't have agreed more! That's the mark of an amazing dish if I ever heard one!Then came the potato pulp, brown butter, bonito, onion soubise, and laguiole. Usually I'm not crazy about potatoes, but these were outstanding! The consistency was surprising, too. They were diced almost into the size of rice and somehow kept their shape without turning into mush. They were starchy, buttery delight!After the potatoes was the grilled albacore, roasted tomato broth, wakame seaweed, and black olive. The albacore was grilled perfectly and was full of flavor. The normally overpowering seaweed was nice and subtle and didn't distract from the tasty albacore and tomato.Next on the menu was the second supplement: truffle grilled cheese, buttermilk maple, and campfire ice cream. The ice cream was divine and had the (surprise surprise) strong campfire flavor to it. The grilled cheese was stuffed with melty, ooey gooey truffle cheese and was so good it'll make you cry!Finally, we've reached the dessert course -- Napoleon, vanilla cream, and raspberry candy. It was light and delicious without being so rich as to rot your teeth and the candied raspberry had the perfect combination of sweet and sour! After this we had the mignardises to end the meal. One was a small piece of insanely dark and rich chocolate and the other was a strawberry slice with fennel which when eaten together, tasted like black licorice. They were perfect palate cleansers to end the meal!Before I started writing this review I went down the page and read all the negative reviews that have so far been written. I noticed a couple of things right away; 1) most were written by people that had only written a small handful of prior reviews and 2) the language was pretty horrible (spelling, grammar, etc). That should tell you something right away, right? I always reserve my five star reviews for restaurants that serve up what can be considered as one of the best meals of my life. Trois Mec certainly fits the criteria!
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2013,4/12/2014,689,228,22,33,32>Thanks to Yelp! I was able to find this very cute mom and pop's shop! It definitely looks a bit sketchy on the outside, and even on the inside, in fact. But what a great hole in the wall!The lady tending the restaurant is sweet as ever. As soon as I sat down, she turned on the fan on my side of the room. The place isn't hot, but I admired her attention to detail.We ordered the Tea Leaf Salad, Garlic Noodles with Fishcakes, Mont Hin Ga soup, and the Prawn Curry. She took out each dish as soon as they were prepared rather than everything out at once. Thank goodness, I was starving! She then explained each dish and what they contained.The tea leaf salad was surprisingly really flavorful! I loved the crunchy bits that were added, all the various textures blended very beautifully.My favorite dish would have to be the garlic noodles, I love me some fish cakes! End of story.The Mont Hin Ga soup was... different. I wasn't a huge fan of it.Prawn curry also had an unexpected taste. I was expecting an Indian curry flavor, but it was more tomato paste flavored. It was still good in my books, but I definitely didn't expect a tomato-ey flavor from it.To end the night, free coconut jelly dessert! I think I might just have to return to try their other dishes soon!
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,4/11/2014,1443,479,26,37,33>If you love BBQ and the movie Roadhouse...read below:Server informed us that the theme was loosely based on the Patrick Swayze movie Roadhouse. That awoke the nerd in me. Cool space. Lots of wood. Full house, but you don't feel cramped next to any other parties around you. Was a bit loud, but that is to be expected. Started with the WATERMELON SALAD. You won't be disappointed. Fresh. It had interesting combination of flavors (basil, cilantro, etc) floating around the watermelon balls. I recommend it.I LOVED the BBQ. Smoky flavors. Chicken and meats are cooked perfectly. The JERK CHICKEN was so moist. Didn't even need a dipping sauce. Most places serve it up dry. You don't want sauce to cover up the kick-ass smoky flavors.We also tried the PORK RIBS! Before taking my first bite I had picked up a rib and set it down for some reason meaning I had to lick my finger. Dude! My face lit up like a lighthouse in the pitch black night. The flavors were spot on. Smoked like my grandpa used to make em' in Hawaii. Wow. They serve it with watermelon that's been infused with flavor. The refreshing fruit pairs fantastically with the ribs. Great side of BLACK EYED PEAS. Also tried the LETTUCE WRAPS with BACON. In Hawaii, you were lucky to get a hold of some backyard smoked ahi or other. This is what the bacon reminded me of. Childhood memories. It was smoked to perfection. The perfect pu-pu with beer. Would've like some sort of pickled or acidic side to go into the wrap. Would throw it over the top!For dessert, we tried a slice of the chess pie. Superb. Had the texture of a coconut, but tasted like lemon. Heard this was a better known Southern dessert. So glad it's made its way West. Do it!Parking: Valet for $7. Street is very limited and residential requires permit. Valet drives your car off site so if you love your baby like I do, bring your second car or have your friend drive.Crap. I should've had "first to review" since I went to the very first soft opening. The Yelp page wasn't up yet. I couldn't wait to share this place with the world.You know how some Yelp ratings just get it wrong. Hundreds of reviews and how they maintain 4 stars is mind boggling because it's so underwhelming. Well, this one won't be that experience. Trust me. Worth a visit.*****UPDATE since I'm ROTD******Roadhouse L.A. has completely changed their menu!! My bf's cousin was one of the awesome chefs there and management decided to turn this into a common burger type joint for the masses. Sad! Roadhouse BBQ was a little expensive but worth it. The chef moved on to Spago if you're so inclined to follow good food :)Thanks for reading, commenting, friending
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,4/10/2014,361,411,24,31,31>What better way to start off the new year than with yelping one of my favorite Italian restaurants in DTLA!I first tried Maccheroni last year on Valentine's day when it was relatively new, and I have to say I was impressed! The place is small and unassuming, but it has authentic Italian food that blows big fancy restaurants out the water! I have since returned and will continue to go whenever I have pasta cravings because the food really is that good. Pasta here is always cooked al dente with fresh ingredients and delicious flavors. The only dish I haven't loved is one of their specials - the risotto with lamb because the lamb tasted a little too gamey for me. My friend really liked it though. My favorites that I recommend  are the linguine ai frutti di mare and bianchi & neri!The staff is charming, and prices are reasonable. Definitely recommend!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2014,4/9/2014,92,396,21,34,28>MARCH 2014: ARTICHOKEI was beyond excited to try Maude, Chef Curtis Stone's new restaurant in Beverly Hills. He employs a new menu each month, highlighting one in-season local ingredient in a number of fusiony manners throughout the meal. While this is a novel concept, it may be the quintessence of California cuisine. Chef Curtis executed this brave undertaking masterfully in a wonderful March menu:Amuse 1: Artichoke consommé with rutabaga, turnip, celery (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) It doesn't look like much, but this is the most deep-bodied amuse I've ever experienced. A box of artichokes is reduced down to 3 tablespoons. A wonderful way to get diners excited about the evening and the star ingredient! 5/5Amuse 2: Crab, saffron, artichoke mayo, radish (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) There was plenty of clean crab, complemented but not overpowered by the artichoke. 5/5Amuse 3: Blini, uni, artichoke salt (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) The cracker was nice and crisp, the uni was creamy, and the bite ended with a lemon note. Didn't need the artichoke salt. 4/5Amuse 4: croquette, artichoke cream, pickled jalapeño (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) Fantastic. The batter was chewy but not too thick and the filling was warm and intense. Just enough jalapeno to act as a seasoning. 5/5Ocean Mist Artichoke Barigoule, smoked crosnes, pomegranate seeds, watercress, black radish (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) Lots of great textures and flavors here, from the earthy Chinese artichoke to the citrusy dressing and fruity seeds. 3.5/5Rhode Island scallop crudo, caviar, fennel, tahini broth, nasturtium (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) I love raw scallop, and this one was great. The nutty tahini made a great contrast against the natural salinity of the thinly-sliced scallop and buttery caviar. 3.75/5Pork rillettes, red onion jam, pickled beets, mustard greens, herb pistou (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) Perfectly-executed rillettes. Crispy on the outside, tender on the inside, with porcine fat melting in your mouth. The onion jam was a sweet complement while the vinegary beets contrasted with a good but not overpowering acidity. 5/5"Bacon and Eggs" breakfast ravioli - duck egg, artichoke ricotta, Nueske applewood-smoked bacon, onion jus, stinging nettle, sesame seeds, poppy seeds (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) This was the BEST thing I have tasted in recent memory. From the smoky, salty bacon that was perfectly thick and chewy to the earthy, creamy ricotta and sweetness in the onion jus, to the umami in the strong duck yolk, this was a truly incredible dish. And don't forget about the ingenuity here! It's everything you love about breakfast in a ravioli! I would pay upwards of $100 just for this small dish. 5+/5Skate wing, savoy cabbage, pommes anna, creamed carrot purée, pickled artichoke, shaved black truffle (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) WTF - truffles on a pan-fried skate wing? Sacrilege! Skate is an interesting fish - it's high in collagen which gives it a unique, firm texture. The longer you cook it, the softer it gets. This one was cooked properly but the natural texture and strong fishy flavor overpowered the delicate truffles. The skate paired fine with the potato chips but didn't work at all with the red wine jus or the pickled artichokes, which needed a milder, more suggestible fish. 2/5Cheese course: Camembert, artichoke foccacia. A big culinary ego-booster for me because I actually guessed that camembert would be a great pairing to artichoke, which was actually cooked into the bread! 4/5Cynar daiquiri, budino cookie (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) Perfectly crisp. A delicious little bite. 5/5Dark Chocolate Semifreddo, roasted artichoke ice cream, hazelnut, blood orange (yelp.com/biz_photos/maud…) Surprisingly, the artichoke ice cream on crushed hazelnut was the winner here. Delicious! 4/5Mignardises: Strawberry lime gelee, Sicilian pistachio macaron, espresso truffle. Forgot to take a picture of these, as well. Not my favorite flavors. 2.5/5Aside from the skate, this meal was close to perfection. I already have a reservation for next month's peas menu! Thanks, Chef Curtis!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,4/8/2014,2234,455,38,50,44>Clean, cheap, fresh, tasty......... seriously, that's all that takes. It's DTF minus the fuss (except, expect a tad wait).Mama Y. and I came to Mama Lu's because we craved some XLB's.Seaweed Fish: SOFT, flaky flavorful nuggets of white fish. Batter is flavored with strings of seaweed (the batter is not fishy at all, pretty subtle and just tasty). We noticed that this dish was pretty popular, since it graced almost every tabletop. YUM.Sauteed Clams + Bittermelon: Clams in delicious sauce YESsss.. BUT BEWARE OF BITTERMELON. Although bittermelon has tons and tons of medical benefits, it's bitter as hell and a very much an acquired taste. Both the clams and bittermelon are sauteed in a wonderful savory sauce. Note to the pescatarians: The sauce has bits of chicken.XLB (pork, "juicy dumplings" on the menu): Really loved them. They're as good (IMO better) than DTF's. Pork juice explodes into your mouth, thin dumpling skin, flavorful, it's really fantastic. Tons of left overs and light on the wallet. Late to the game in try this poppin' joint in SGV. Loved it!
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2014,4/7/2014,872,217,40,35,40>I had the most EPIC night here. The kind of night where you're pulled out of line after 2 minutes and whisked away into the groovin Dungeon of Dance.The kind of night where it is exactly the type of music you've been longing to shake it and shake it well to.The kind of night where you and your beautiful sisters make a pact to not stop dancing all night. The kind of night where you're pulled into a dance circle and you dance like no body's watching. But they all are, because you are amaaazinnnggg.The kind of night where you're hot and sweaty so you run to the restroom and sexify/air condition your outfit, and some other hot lady in the restroom tells you that if she had your body she'd basically just go back out there in her bra, you say thank you, then realize that the DJ is PLAYING YOUR SONG, so you run out there, back into the bar, singing along with strangers who also love your song, as you wade through the sea of bodies back to your dance area.The kind of night where you are thankful that none of the guys there have any game whatsoever so you and your sisters are free to dance and enjoy the night with each other.The kind of night where a group of older gentlemen give you a handful of drink tokens before they leave, to happily spend at the bar on a couple of vodka and cranberry's.We had A NIGHT here at Honeycut. The kind of night where a group of sisters can look back at this memory and just smile at the good times had by all.(I must note that the bartender that served us was a complete asshole. He was short and not in a good way. Had no neck and was as sarcastic as the meanest Gay you would ever and could ever come across. Stay away from him at all costs.)
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2014,4/6/2014,267,231,28,28,25>I was warned the whole fried chicken is to murk for. The warning was true.It's so rare now a days to find anything that lives up to the hype. I mean, the best movies have a flaw or two that the above average viewer will notice or at least sense... the last SuperBowl could not have been a bigger disappointment in terms of drama... pretty sure if you were dating Kate Upton, she'd have a weird tick like thinking it's cute to fart in bed or some shit. Not actually shit ON the bed... just the farting part... you know what I meant the first time...Ahem...Ok, so having heard about this place for years from friends, yelpers, random passersby (I don't even know you, why are you up in my face giving me live yelp reviews girl?) I finally got a chance to give it a fair college try (the first time I went years ago doesn't count because I think we only stopped by for beer).Boy is this place just a plethora of awesome wrapped in a bad ass gastropub. The fried chicken absolutely lived up to the hype. The spicy wings were money personified. The tofu kimchi... meh, I've had better... but the free flowing river of beer and soju more than made up for it.With a margin of error of just the tofu kimchi (which was still pretty damn solid), I can't wait to come back here and try some other dishes.Now back to a more serious matter, could you imagine if you're in bed with Kate Upton and she just lays out the deepest, longest, one of them dated motorboat engine farts with you in there? And she's just mischievous looking enough to do it and like laugh about it too. Like, girl, ain't NO amount of attractive where you get a pass for an act like that. None! Ugh! I'm over you Kate Upton!Dunzo. =P
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,4/5/2014,802,369,19,27,24>Talk about your friendly hole in the wall neighborhood sandwich place! Giamela's really packs in the goodies in such a tiny little shack, Almost right smack at the corner of Magnolia & Victory, this amazing submarine sandwich  house is pretty hard to miss.Giamela's does not mess around when it comes to their subs, ordered with "everything" my Pepper steak sandwich looked more like a tiny football wrapped in wax paper with loads of diced sweet onions, diced tomato's, pickles and well seasoned steak slices...for a $7.00 large steak sub, it was delicious and well worth the money!We also order the large meatball sub, man it was GOOD!!! This well seasoned meaty balls of goodness packs a good pow & wow! Served with "everything" and a good dousing of marinara sauce this sub has also become my other Giamela favorite!Giamela's is cash only so don't forget to bring your green dough when you come and see them, parking entrance is along Magnolia but I prefer to just do curbside as it is not that hard to find parking this side of Burbank.When you come here, make sure you bring your good and hungry appetite, as I have previously mentioned, they are not messing around nor have any knowledge of the little ole hoagie.Enjoy!
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2014,4/4/2014,2068,194,26,34,31>Roy doesn't just treat you like another number. He talks to you. He explains what he's doing. He actually seems like he cares about your bike, and about you as a customer.I went in for an oil change (day 1) on my '02 Yamaha XVS1100. They told me it would be ready "soon." I ran a couple of errands, then came back around an hour and a half later, but it wasn't done. No problem. I told him I'd be back the next day.The next day (day 2), I came back to pick up my bike. I paid for the oil change. He walked me out and then remembered to show me that my front brake pads were almost completely gone.He didn't have the pads in stock, but told me they would be in the next day if I wanted him to place the order. I agreed and then headed home.The next day (day 3) I came back and paid for the brake job. Roy told me that he took it on a test ride to make sure everything was good. Then he told me that he didn't like the way my bike felt, so he made some adjustments. He told me if I didn't like the adjustments, I could always bring it back and have them reversed.Who does that? Who goes above and beyond- especially when they aren't charging you any extra? Not many people these days.I rode my bike home, and really appreciated the extra fine-tuning he performed. It handles much better now.Under average circumstances, I would have taken a star away for the inconvenience of driving all the way to Newhall from Sylmar just to find out that my bike wasn't ready (or needed more work). Making a simple phone call while working on my bike would have saved me the trip- BUT it's a small shop. I'm going to give them the benefit of the doubt that it was an honest and simple oversight.Why am I doing that? Because you just don't find businesses these days who go out of their way for the customer like Roy did. I've never taken my car to a repair shop and had them perform fine-tuning tweaks on their own. They always suggest things, but of course want to charge for the service.I will return to Roy for all my bike repair needs!
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,4/3/2014,1121,246,16,26,23>In a nutshell: Old school sushi spot in Little Tokyo Galleria.The Morishita family is apparently the family that first brought sushi restaurants to America. From what my friend told me (or maybe he's just racist), all their chefs come straight from Japan. Actually I wouldn't be surprised if that was true. Their fish is very fresh, and it definitely smells like a fresh fish market when you walk in. Came here with a couple friends so don't think I ate all the sushi on my own.Parking 4/5There is plenty of street parking, but the lot is free for an hour with validation.Ambience 5/5Awesome. Very small and intimate setting in this restaurant. There is a large sushi bar as well. All the fish on display look so fresh and colorful. Service 5/5You are greeted and respectfully spoken to the minute you walk in. The host (or owner) was very accommodating for our group. We were waiting on people and he held a table for us even though they were closing in an hour. Our servers were very nice. They always spoke to us respectfully, and my friend tried to carry on a conversation with one of them in Japanese....kind of. Food 5/5Here's what we got:Miso Soup - ANice and hot with juicy pieces of tofu. Definitely a great starter for this meal.Vegetable tempura dinner - AVery good tempura with fresh pepper, onion, mushroom, green beans, and potatoes. Tempura batter was light and crispy. Very enjoyable and great for sharing.Spicy Tuna Roll - ADelicious! Tuna was very fresh and tasty. We got two orders of this.Shrimp Tempura Roll - AThe shrimp were so big in this roll and super juicy! Loved this roll!Spider Roll - A+They avoid those big extravagant rolls, but they do have a couple on their menu....and this is one of them. I LOVE soft shell crab, and this was the best spider roll I've ever had. The end piece with the legs coming out was the best part.....I should've eaten it last. Flavor explosion! I highly recommend this.Overall 5/5I'm allergic to most fish, so I know that this review is quite incomplete. I'm sure the rest of their menu is just as delicious. Definitely come try this spot out!bomb.com
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,4/2/2014,1172,111,42,34,32>Hello, Melrose Umbrella Amazing Cocktails, nice to meet you! I'm Rachael (and I'm always meandering around LA, sniffing out cocktails that are simple, yet layered and sophisticated and basically a Yacht Week equivalent party in my mouth) and I'm so glad we met because this is probably the beginning of a serious relationship. I might have to cheat on your sometimes, because it would be weird to hang out with you every night, but I promise to keep you in my top 5 rotation if you continue to give me amazing service and stellar cocktails. Just put a cherry in my next drink, and we'll consider it my promise ring. xoxo
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,4/1/2014,804,336,22,28,27>**EDIT**Tried their Tan Tan Mein ramen for lunch today. The TanTan Mein consisted of a creamy broth with spicy sauce, topped with ground pork, moyashi tamago, and bokchoy. All I can say is....  It was McCreaaaaamy! I went  a little crazy on the broth and ordered another 8 oz. helping of it. I also felt kinda guilty.... had more fun with the garlic presser again!!**EDIT**The place is a tad small, so expect to be nice and cozy with thy neighbor from the next table. You can literally hear their conversations. To think about it, it's kinda interesting. Service was wonderful here. Waitresses and waiters were friendly and attentive! Our food came out really fast. This was also my first time seeing a garlic presser! haha I think I was playing around with it for about 5 minutes.Friend recommended this place last night and I can tell you it was an AMAZING experience for both of us. Waited about 10 minutes outside and had a chat with a couple that was a regular here. They were going on about how wonderful this place is and once you eat their noodles you'll keep coming back for more! Couple was right! My friend and I are fans!My friend ordered the Spicy Miso Ramen and I ordered the Tonkotsu Ramen. Loved the soup base of both of them. The soup was tasty and wasn't salty at all. Wasn't sold on the egg that came along with our bowl of ramen... nothing can compare to Benten Ramen's soy sauce injected egg.Recommendations for an awesome experience.... 1) Get garlic presser and crushed garlic2) Add and mix hot chili oil with crush garlic3) Put in soup of the ramen and stir in soup4) Enjoy the yummy eating experience!
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2014,3/31/2014,1092,270,25,77,43>Awesome experience!  Came to the show, luckily made it in and had a blast.  They gave out free Samsung Galaxy S4 for everyone as well.  Now that that's out of the picture, here is what I understand and how it goes here:You have to sign up online and submit your email to partake in the crowd.  If you are lucky and receive an email that you have been chosen, here is how it goes down ( this is how it went down for me);*Chosen to be on Standby with 4 guests*People show up to the location starting at 9 AM to check in and receive their tickets.- tickets have a number, can be from 1 - 300.  usually the 1 - 50 or 100 are guaranteed guests for the show, anything after that is basically a maybe you get in. All depends on how many guaranteed people actually show up.*I was 281 - 284.  * 2 PM they start to let people in, as follows:-1st is VIP.-2nd is guarantees- 3rd would be standby tickets ( in order of numbers that are on tickets).I felt lucky that all my group went in but the thing is we had to split up once inside because not much seating available, at least 4 seats next to each other for us.  If you do not manage to get in because the studio is full, they give you a guarantee ticket that you can come back for on the next season.  Good enough, at least you don't walk out empty handed right???  When you check in the morning and receive your ticket, you can basically leave and come back before 2 PM.  We ended up going to eat at Porto's and take a walk at Glendale Galleria.  Loved how its conveniently organized and don't have to be in line from 9 AM to 2 PM. Good luck!!!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2014,3/30/2014,377,492,28,38,31>First hike and review of 2014!!Yay, 10+ miles COMPLETED!  This was the longest and toughest hike I've been on.  My legs were in PAIN.  It's been 3 days and I'm still aching...  It took us 5.5 hrs to complete =X  Gotta take breaks here and there to snap pics to post on Yelp =PTrail: Switchbacks Galore!  There's two trails that takes you up to Inspiration Point- Castle Canyon or Sam Merrill Trail.   Take your pick: *Castle Canyon Trail: shorter, steep and rocky.  *Sam Merrill Trail: longer and sandy.  Both trails are NARROW...Don't look down! =/We took the Castle Canyon trail on the hike up and Sam Merrill trail on the hike down.  If you take the Sam Merrill trail, you will be able to see ruins of an observatory (or what's left of it).   Inspiration Point is BEAUTIFUL!  They have the "World Famous Telescope View"- stationary hollow pipes pointed at various locations (San Pedro, Rose Bowl, Catalina Island, Redondo Beach, LA, Silver lake, Pasadena, Ostrich Farm, Hollywood & Venice).  There was also a curved pipe that located "Inspiration Point"...I thought that was funny =)  Tables and benches are available for you to enjoy your light snack or take a quick nap...that's what I wanted to do because I was TIRED!  Here's a little history for you: From 1917 to 1935, there was a little tourist tramway that connected Inspiration Point to Panorama Point overlooking Eaton Canyon called the "One Man and Mule Railway".  In order to keep the dust off the passengers, Herbert the mule pushed the car rather than pulled it...Interesting! =) Tip #1: Stay on the trails!  I decided to take a shortcut and got poked by a thorny plant, OUCH!  Tip #2: Go in the AM (preferably before 8) Tip #3: Bring plenty of water and wear sunscreen. Tip #4: No restrooms so either HOLD it or squat/stand =P Parking: Street After this hike, I think I'm ready for Mt. Wilson.  I can't wait!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,3/29/2014,344,120,23,28,25>I never would have thought that I would love vegan food as much as I now do! My dad, was a meat butcher back in the day and I grew up loving steak, now don't get me wrong, I still can put down a nice porterhouse or ribeye, however, I do have the innards of a 47 year old man! Vegan food has really come along way and with places like Native Foods, it has opened the doors for meat eaters like me to really appreciate clean eating.I have tried various items here at Sage:Gluten Free Bowl of Soul, Goatless Greek Salad, Portabella/Bacon/chili Burger, Spinach/Asparagus/Avocado Florentine, Bahn Mi, Reuben Sandwich, Spinach/Artichoke Dip, Corn Cakes, Hearts of Palm Salad... I think that's the extent of it.Some dishes are better than others, if I had to recommend only one, I would totally recommend Gluten Free Bowl of Soul! It has kale, black beans, roasted corn, fried okra, baby corn, quinoa, pickled cabbage and the best part...a fried mac and cheese ball with buffalo sauce OH MY GEEEEEZ!!!While you are here at Sage, try and make room for some Kind Kreme vegan ice cream! One reviewer who gave it a low rating really is smoking crack! This stuff is the stuff! Give it a try if you have room because Sage serves up really healthy portions of food!If you are out by the Echo Park hood, stop by Sage!
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,3/28/2014,1171,248,35,48,44>I didn't think that a few days after making my first visit to this place I'd be craving it...but yes it's 2:48am and I've got al pastor on my mind...plus it's got nothing to do with the tumblr pics I've been looking at, Stopped by for lunch with a coworker and I ordered three tacos (I still feel gluttonous) a carne asada, chicken, & al pastor. I asked for the traditional style tacos cause real street tacos IMHO don't come with cheese...there was a choice of 3 salsas and I asked for one each so I could mix & match. Carne Asada....it was good...not dry but dare I say it...lacking a bit of flavor needing a bit of lime & salt to make it great. I used the traditional red salsa...Chicken...again it was good...chicken tacos are a bit tricky since the chicken has to be marinated perfect and again it was lacking a little salt & lime. I used the habanero salsa...Al Pastor...one if my personal faves...it was near perfection after....yes you guessed it...a little salt & lime...I used the habanero salsa on this as well. Why the four stars & not five...well like a Olympic figure skater that falls during her performance in front of the judges...it's close...close but you can't expect to achieve yelp gold (aka 5 stars) if you're lacking in flavor...lacking a bit...but lacking nevertheless...Will this deter me from stopping by again...no...but I'll only order two since they are not skimpy tacos...hence a great value..Oh yeah...they take credit cards...
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,3/27/2014,623,222,29,41,34>I didn't even know 'Lette existed inside Japanese Village Plaza until recently..The day I went, they were giving away one macaron per customer with the option of earl grey tea or passion fruit! VERY CLEAN STORE. One of the bigger locations I've been to with friendly workers! I ordered a box of 6, 2 in each of my favorite flavors, for $11.00. Just remember the following flavors: sweet wedding almond, earl grey tea & rose. Hopefully your tastebuds will thank me than swear at me later.
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,3/26/2014,399,83,30,40,35>After a recommendation from my best friend and numerous snapchats of delicious pancakes, I ventured out to Bea Bea's. I've been in search for a great pancake joint since my experience at Snooze in San Diego, and I have to say that Bea Bea's sets the bar really high in terms of sweet breakfast treats.I ordered the Kin's Sunshine, which is two eggs any style with sausage, and the choice of either pancakes, a waffle, French toast, or a crepe (you have the option to make it "special" for $1 additional).  I opted to make it special, and ordered the Summer's Dream pancakes (strawberries, Nutella, marscapone cream, and whip cream). The eggs and sausage were amazing, but the real show stopper were the pancakes. I have a weakness for anything Nutella, and the mix of Nutella, strawberries, and cream was just decadent. Portion sizes are huge! Our eyes were definitely larger than our stomachs. We both finished about half of our pancakes/waffle before we self induced ourselves into a food coma. The parking lot is fairly large, sharing a lot with a few other businesses and a market. Weekend and holiday mornings can be trickier when looking for a spot.Expect a wait in the morning. I got lucky and walked in, because the couple that had put their name in had either left of missed their name being called (you snooze you lose lol!)Anyway, it's worth the drive out from Santa Clarita to Burbank for these delicious pancakes. I will definitely be back!
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,3/25/2014,795,221,21,23,22>Something's brewing...strong, dark. Black. The aroma of East San Fernando Valley. It infuses us with the spice of various cultures & classes that converge here.Bittersweet house blend. Part ghetto, part gentrification. A dash of hipster to cool things off. Add a squeeze of Ivy League for the bourgeois gourmet palate.It's gonna burn goin' down baby! ...so go easy...It makes the blood rush.It'll leave you wide-eyed and mystified & jonezing for another shot.As the neighborhood sits up on the edge of their beds, they wipe the sleep from the corner of their eyes & watch the morning light peer through the blinds, I give thanks to the competent & pretty barista, the Chai Latte finally reaches my quivering lips. Good morning.I'm deez® & you've been served!
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,3/24/2014,476,584,36,38,36>This trail just reminded me that I used to be in better shape than I am right now :D lol ... Back in high school my friends and I would do this trail all the time. I think throughout college we would still make time to come here together too. But for some reason I haven't gone as much lately... We used to park in a FREE dirt parking lot, but now it is paved and $3 for parking. Remember the spot you parked in and buy your ticket at the machine or you'll get a ticket. I feel like that takes away from the trail experience and this is part of the reason I'm taking away a star. I recommend one person in the group to bring a small backpack because I have a friend who has dealt with theft in this parking lot. You should just bring along any valuable items to prevent your car from getting damaged and losing your stuff. This trail is wide and safe for the most part, but one of my friends have tripped and had a terrible injury -- so I would recommend being careful running downhill. I think it is fairly easy if you pace yourself. If I can do it, anyone can do it. I am not very athletic AT ALL!! The natural environment feels very peaceful and it is fun to come here to catch up with friends and talk. You can come here to work on your fitness and breath in some fresh air. It is also a cheap hobbie if you are on a budget. ~~TIP: DO NOT come here to have a serious conversation!!!!! You are stuck on the trail with the other person until you complete it -_-' and yes... I am speaking from experience...
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,3/23/2014,1388,397,15,21,19>After having a particularly busy and stressful week I was craving some comfort food...and alot of it! Brian V. and I hopped in the car and headed for Gus's. This was our first visit and our waiter took the time to explain the menu, describe the food, and answer all of our questions.Here is what we ordered:Blacklist Punch - Plantation 5 Year Rum, Pomegranate Syrup, Decanter Bitters andFresh Grapefruit Juice topped with Freshly Grated Nutmeg $9.50. This was a delicious and expertly prepared cocktail...just what I needed after my crazy week.Deviled Eggs - 5 free range eggs with crispy smoked ham and served with a side of sweet and spicy smoked salt $6.95. These were so delicious!Soup of the day - Cream of cauliflower and potato $6.95. This soup was amazing and the portion was gigantic. It was creamy and delicious, served with parmesan cheese and sun dried tomatoes on top. Even though we came for the BBQ, this was our favorite dish of the night.House salad - mixed greens, candied peanuts, blue cheese, and peanut dressing $4.95 add on to a meal and $7.95 a la carte. The salad was fine but not special.St. Louis spare ribs - full rack plus two sides $25.95. The ribs were really good. The meat was tender. You could taste the smoke. Sides: red skin potato salad and creamed corn - The potato salad was fabulous! The creamed corn was a bit too sweet for my taste but the texture was perfect.The food is very good and the service is even better. Really, the service was stellar! Warm and friendly hostesses and warm, friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive waitstaff. They worked as a team, so even though the place was packed, everything ran smoothly. Our food came out at the perfect pace. Our empty appetizer dishes were cleared quickly. Our water glasses were never empty. We never felt rushed. It was a perfect customer service experience. We left full, fat, and happy...I mean really happy. The whole stellar customer service experience left us feeling all warm and fuzzy...like we just left a friend's house. We will definitely return.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,3/22/2014,389,221,11,27,21>Driving down SG Blvd, I saw a sign that looked eerily familiar to me...was my memory failing me or is it the same rest--- Woohoo...it is!!  The only restaurant I know of (in the US), that serves tomato beef noodle soup has now opened their second location! Same menu as the Rowland location but cheaper! Plus 10% off for all to-go orders. Other notable menu items: * Lunch Combo A - ground pork w/mushroom dry noodle. Comes with stewed combo or Szechwan chicken and green tea or black tea. $6.99* Lunch Combo B - ground pork w/mushroom rice. Comes with stewed combo or Szechwan chicken and green tea or black tea. $7.49* Lunch Combo C - Fried pork, chop, popcorn chicken, Taiwanese sausage, or chicken roll with bean curd veggies and choice of rice, noodle soup, dry noodle, and green tea or black tea. $7.99* Lunch Combo D - Monja Red Grain Pork with bean curd veggies and choice of rice, noodle soup, dry noodle, and green tea or black tea. $8.99Monja Taiker 2 is located inside "The Square" shopping center (Ledo Cafe and E/W Bank) near the intersection of San Gabriel and Garvey.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,3/21/2014,231,244,13,27,21>It all started with a double take.I was going to Osteria Mamma, which isn't uncommon on a Tuesday (due to Mamma's free corkage Tuesdays). And I noticed a lit and fully stock bar in the windows.  A man outside overheard my interest and told me they opened two days ago.  Interest piqued.Clearly we had to go for drink after dinner.  And we made it so.A fantastic Old Fashioned, and amazing service.  Dan was the perfect balance of personal service, interesting conversation, and wonderful drinks. *tips hat*Have I mentioned this place has a full menu of its own FROM THE KITCHEN OF OSTERIA MAMMA? Midtown is exactly what this location needs: great drinks with a wonderful menu and the potential to frequent often.Minimalism abound.  I appreciate you.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,3/20/2014,266,628,22,22,21>DAMN THESE ELUSIVE BRIOGHNUTS! I came here this past Friday to try them... only to find out that they're only made and sold on the weekends. So I promptly came back on Saturday... only to find that they only  had peanut butter brioughnuts available. SIGH. Next time I'm calling ahead... -_-Thankfully they also have really good cupcakes here! I came here on Friday with Jin C. and we bought a total of four cupcakes to share:1. Chai Spice: chai tea infused cake topped with spiced orange zest frosting-- If you like chai tea, you'll like this. Jin is not a fan of chai so she didn't really like it, but I thought it was pretty good.2. Chocolate Bacon Caramel: dark Valrhona chocolate cake topped with chocolate frosting, housemade caramel and shards of crispy bacon-- I'm not a fan of chocolate cake so I was wary about this one, but the chocolate flavour wasn't heavy and the caramel and bacon complimented it so well. The crispy bacon was so perfect.3. Rhubarb Hot Buttered Rum: rhubarb filled Madagascar vanilla bean cake with spiced rum butterscotch frosting, adorned with a homemade rosemary-pine nut Christmas tree shortbread cookie-- I gave Jin my cookie (since I'm allergic to all nuts) so I can't comment on it, but the cupcake itself was disappointing. The cake and the frosting were both just okay. Wouldn't get this one again.4. Vanilla + Vanilla: Madagascar vanilla bean cake with vanilla bean frosting-- This was really good. Definitely Jin's favourite by far.When I came again on Saturday, I brought Crystal W. and NH with me. And we shared the following:1. Salted Caramel Cupcake: scrumptious caramel cake with buttery caramel frosting and fleur de sel-- DELICIOUS. I *love* salted caramel and it was so good here. The only thing is that it's really rich so some milk would really be helpful.2. Marshmallow Granola Cookie: chewy oatmeal cookie with hints of toffee, studded with bits of housemade granola and marshmallows-- Also really delicious! The marshmallows really make a difference, and for the better! Mmmm delicious.I can definitely see how ConfeXion has won Cupcakes Wars twice since their cupcakes are (mostly) really good. Their flavours vary every day so I definitely recommend checking out the current month's menu on their website before visiting (confexioncupcakes.com/me…). I can see many visits to this place in the future so I can try all their delicious cupcakes and finally try those brioughnuts!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2014,3/19/2014,478,150,19,34,28>I can't count the many times I have driven by the infamous Ricky's Fish Tacos stand, as this eatery is in my hood. I didn't even know it was a taco stand. I always thought it was some kind of church/family gathering or SOMETHING. I just thought, wow, those people really like having gatherings with food! I say this, because there are several places in my neighborhood where this actually does happen. However, it was Sandra V. who told me that this indeed was Ricky's. Gaining this knowledge, I made a mental note to myself to try their tacos. Well, by the time I actually got around to trying this place, they closed! WHAT?! Well, rumor had it that someone was not too happy about the competition. Hmm...I was so sad. :( Then one day, I somehow discovered that Ricky was BACK! WOoHoO!!! I think I must have read it somewhere like on LAist, or something!So, this time, I quickly made my way over with Sandra V. just to see what the hype was all about. Oh, yeah. The hype is true. Very true, indeed. Tasty, tasty, tasty!!!Why, oh, why hadn't I come here before???!? On this site, it says that they are located in Chinatown. From my experience, they are still located (at least for now) Los Feliz/Silver Lake on Virgil just southwest of the Hollywood/Hillhurst/Sunset/Virgil junction. You would never know it was there. There is a gray truck with the RIcky's Fish Tacos logo on the side, in a very small lot next to a yellow and white canopy area where you can find seating with a few tables here and there. I gotta tell you, unless you walk here, good luck with finding parking. Carpooling is highly recommended! I made my way to the window and ordered one fish and one shrimp taco. There is no visible menu. I guess it's not needed since the only two items they have are fish and shrimp tacos. I heard they used to have lobster tacos. I asked. Besides, I have qualms about eating lobster, thinking and picturing their slow painful death...I waited a few minutes, maybe about ten minutes, for my tacos to come out. Expect a long wait, as there is usually a plethora of people here. When I got my tacos, I went to town and topped them with their bottles of crema Mexicana, green and red salsa, and some other kind of salsa that resembled pulverized pico de gallo (for shame that I don't know, considering I'm of Mexican heritage!). As Sandra and I took our seats, the moment of subjective savory truth was upon me. It was time to try those tacos. Bite. WOW! Instantly, I had a flashback to my time in Ensenada about ten years back when I was standing on a street with friends enjoying some very tasty fish tacos. This was like that experience! It was the right amount of fish and shrimp without an excessive amount of batter. Just the right of light crunchiness and flavor. It was perfect!  And unlike a lot of other taco places, their portions are fairly large--using standard size corn tortillas, topping them off with a mountain of meat, cabbage, fresh tomato, onion, and Serrano peppers. I usually get two tacos, which ONLY comes  out to $6! You get a whole lotta tacos for your dinero!AND, to top it off, Ricky is a very friendly fellow, as well as the other workers here. :)This place is a keeper, for sure!
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,3/18/2014,772,265,35,41,35>i-love-hai-di-lao-this-place-deserves-more-than-3-stars-lets-keep-it-real-if-you-never-had-chinesesichuan-hot-pot-and-you-dont-speak-mandarin-dont-eat-here-if-you-cant-read-dont-eat-here-youll-end-up-bitchin-about-the-service-rather-than-enjoying-the-food-unfortunately-this-restaurant-isnt-catered-to-everyone-its-only-for-99-of-the-residents-in-arcadia-ha-so-if-i-havent-discouraged-you-then-grab-a-chinese-friend-the-fobbier-the-better-and-let-them-handle-the-ordering-my-favorite-soup-base-is-the-seafood-one-i-tried-the-mushroom-and-spicy-ones-too-but-wasnt-a-fan-especially-their-spicy-soup-base-its-more-numbing-than-spicy-its-definitely-not-as-flavorful-as-taiwanese-ma-lah-soup-bases-my-favorite-items-on-their-menu-are-their-meatballs-cuttlefish-balls-shrimp-paste-and-soft-tofu-most-hot-pot-places-serve-frozen-meatballs-but-hdls-are-freshly-made-i-think-all-their-ingredients-taste-fresh-actually-their-veggies-are-delicious-and-meats-are-super-tender-service-is-great-our-server-brought-us-fresh-fruit-at-the-beginning-and-at-the-end-of-our-meal-came-to-check-up-on-us-multiple-times-and-even-made-small-talk-despite-how-busy-they-were-they-are-in-fact-known-for-their-good-service-in-china-so-i-suggest-giving-them-another-try-if-you-had-a-bad-first-experience-here-with-their-service-it-seems-like-they-have-everything-in-order-now-from-reservations-to-putting-people-on-the-waiting-list-there-shouldnt-be-anymore-problems-with-getting-a-table-my-mother-in-law-went-there-early-put-her-name-down-and-went-shopping-when-our-table-was-ready-she-got-a-text-from-hdl-easy-enough-right
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,3/17/2014,1437,651,16,26,25>Fish and myself don't really go well together. I blame salmon and that damn time I got a fishbone stuck in my throat. Normally I like my fish how  I like the rest of my food: British. If it isn't that way then I don't really like it.Yesterday the guys at work decided to do Las Brisas for lunch. Not wanting to be a spoil sport, and never having tried fish tacos before I figured I would give it a shot. After all tacos were very reasonably priced ($2.50 for fish, $2.65 for shrimp) so why not? Even if lunch sucked at most I would only be out under $10.Thankfully lunch did not suck! (Parking, on the other hand was an issue). Furthermore, lunch was pretty damn tasty. Las Brisas hooked it up with plentiful tacos. Two would have been enough, with 3 (2 fish, 1 shirmp) I was just being greedy. The fish was my favorite, the shrimp was okay - but I felt the shrimp was too tough, a bit too overcooked for my liking. Both were piled high with lettuce, tomato, sauce, and tons of meat - you really get bang for your buck here!I topped that off with some horchata that really hit the spot. Added some fresh lime juice (from freshly quartered limes) to my tacos and dug in. I am a fan, and I will be back - even though parking sucks.(other facts: cash only, has a tv, small seating area, yes - the line really is that long, atm in the corner, Spanish helps but you can manage with English, and parking sucks!)
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2014,3/16/2014,436,626,16,20,18>Sushi is to die for here!No one ever talks about sushi rice, but like everyone else says.. their rice is GOOD! And maybe that's the secret to their yummy sushi. At Sugarfish, don't expect fancy rolls dazzled with sauce all around. Sugarfish keeps it simple: sashimi or sushi. That's it. Everything you put into your mouth is deeelish and so good. Because their rice is so special, it's highly recommended to eat the food served to you right away. I have only had the Trust me and Trust me Lite here. These are 2 of the 3 sushi packages/combos. You can also buy small bites of sushi individually as well. But if it's your first time here, stick to the Trust Me... trust me. Ambiance and service is impeccable here. Wait staff is at your beckon call... heck, they're there even when you don't make a call. As far as parking.. it's quite a feat when you're in DTLA on 7th street. If you're lucky, you can score free meter parking depending what time you go. Other than that, expect street parking at a private lot or meters.
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2014,3/15/2014,680,280,12,18,15>As of now, my rating stands at 4 stars. Hopefully Hibachi will be able to maintain it's pretty good quality of food, good service, cleanliness, attractive prices, and the great variety of dishes! Unfortunately, it's all too common to see the steady decrease in the overall quality of food at most buffet restaurants over time, so I can only hope for the best and I wish Hibachi Super Buffet the best of luck. We'll see in about a year or so. Parking will be a breeze. Located in a plaza with plenty, plenty of parking spaces available.This is a Chinese seafood buffet and I was so pleasantly surprised to see such desirable food stations offering so many dishes! There's a cooked seafood section (steamed crab legs, fried & peppered crab legs, cooked half oysters in shells, baked mussels w/mayo cheese, shrimp, boiled clams, fried shrimp balls, steamed fish, & etc.), there's a hot Chinese food section (roasted duck, orange chicken, brocolli & beef, fried chicken wings, chow mein, grilled chicken on skewers, shrimp & veggie dish, XO green beans, braised beef, glazed shrimp, sauteed Chinese brocolli, & etc.), there's a cold seafood section (offering dishes like cold & spicy octopi, crawfish, seaweed salad, crab meat salad, & cold, steamed mussels), there's a fruit and salad bar (prepared salads, dressings, components to create your own salad, jello, cantaloupe, honeydew, watermelon, etc.), there's a dessert section (with Chinese/Cantonese style desserts and American style desserts), there were several American dishes such as pizza & mashed potatoes, there's an area with a variety of different soups to choose from, there's a sushi and sashimi section (cali rolls, tuna sashimi, snapper sushi, salmon sashimi & sushi, spicy tuna cut rolls, eel cucumber rolls, & etc.), and lastly, there's a teppanyaki station where you get to pick and choose raw ingredients to pile onto your plate and the designated cook will happily cook it in front of you (this station is popular, so be prepared to line up! The wait can take as long as 20-30 mins). Unfortunately, I couldn't eat as much as I had wanted to. I became full very easily that night, but I must say that the quality, variety, and taste of the food were good....for the price. My favorites were the udon (cooked on the teppanyaki grill), the roasted duck, chicken skewers, braised beef, cold octopus, steamed fish, crab legs, & XO green beans).  I'm not really a fan of these AYCE Asian buffets and I rarely go to buffets, but this place was pretty pleasing. The price is seriously hard to beat, service was really attentive (the waiters were actively refilling our waters and clearing out used/dirty plates). Moreover, what made my experience even better was the company I was with! I went with a group of awesome yelpers/friends to celebrate Chinese New Year and we all a blast. Fun night!!Ok, the breakdown on current dining prices: Weekday lunch (M-F: 11am-3pm): $6.99 and for kids 3-10yrs: $0.60/year. Weekday dinner (M-Thurs: 3:30pm-9pm, Fridays: 3:30pm-10pm): $9.99 and for kids 3-10yrs: $0.90/year.Saturdays (11am-10pm): $10.99 and for kids 3-10yrs: $1/year.Sundays (11am-9pm): $10.99 and for kids 3-10yrs: $1/year.I plan to come back to grub in half a year to 1 year to assess how and if the overall quality of food and service will have changed!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,3/14/2014,400,253,30,39,35>This was my first Shabu Shabu experience. I was glad that I went with some experienced Shabu Shabu-ers (Wan L, Tony L, and Jennifer N) to help me out so I wouldn't look like such a newb! The menu can be a bit overwhelming as there are sooo many choices (i.e. Choose your meat, broth, etc.) The best option is the feast for two which includes drink, appetizer to share, choice of meat, choice of broth, and dessert to share for $44.99. Our server was very patient as I had a hard time deciding and had to ask him to come back a few times. Since there were four of us we decided to get two different appetizers, the House Chicken wings and Tokyo wings. As for the choice of meat and broth I went with the CAB ribeye (certified angus beef) and the veggie tomato broth (flavored broth is extra $2 but definitely worth it). The Meat was perfectly sliced and very tender. As for the broth this was the perfect choice for me as the broth was so yummy and full of tomato flavor. Just be warned that the broth is steaming hot and you may burn your tongue. There is so much food that it is difficult to finish and make your way to the desserts, so pace yourself!!!! As for dessert we tried the Xango (fried cheesecake) with green tea ice cream as well as the Banana tempura with vanilla ice cream. OMG it was a toss up as to which was the best because they were both to die for. Seriously, I am not a big fan of cheesecake (shocker I know) but the Xango was definitely mouthwateringly de-lish with the green tea ice cream. I was in heaven. Customer service here is on point, they are very attentive ensuring that drinks and broth were refilled, as well as assisting with anything we needed. In the end there was a minor mix up with a coupon but were granted the discount anyways. So make sure that you sign up for email coupons, first timers receive $10 off purchase! **Plenty of free parking in the structure on Del Mar right behind the restaurant.**I will definitely be returning to try some of the other options as I am a fan!!!
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2014,3/13/2014,1259,718,19,29,24>I'm the type of person that likes to customize my own drinks. I'll just order whatever roast I feel like for the day then do my magic at the creamer counter...but this is a place I know I could put myself at the mercy of the baristas and have a great cup of coffee.I came in and asked what type of roasts they have, and I dared ask what type of syrups they had. The barista immediately said that the type of coffee I was to have should be enjoyed on its own and savored for it's taste...he sounded incredibly knowledgeable and certain so of course, I took his word for it.Indeed, this coffee was no Starbucks...not even close. Everything is done on the spot, and the coffee I got (an African blend) was deep, soothing, and hit the spot for study time. The barista also said he could make a latte that would knock my friend's socks off, but the weaksauce didn't drink coffee (he got tea). Anyway, definitely come here if you want REAL coffee, or stay with Starbucks if you want to be fancy and make your own diabetes-inducing creations. Only thing is that seating is limited and can get a bit cramped if you're at the counter, but not a huge deal. I need to come back and try more drinks before this gets a 5 star...but it's definitely on its way there!
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2014,3/12/2014,570,229,59,70,63>hidden-on-the-main-drag-of-broadway-and-the-outskirts-of-china-town-isnt-independence-palace-but-the-pho-is-fantastic-and-thats-what-its-all-about-for-those-who-watch-tv-while-you-eat-pho-87-has-a-huge-hd-flat-screen-showing-whatever-sports-game-is-on-or-world-news-tables-and-chairs-along-the-wall-as-well-as-a-few-long-tables-in-the-middle-this-place-gets-crowded-so-dont-be-surprised-if-you-sit-next-to-someone-you-dont-know-because-they-do-maximize-the-space-some-may-say-they-should-spruce-up-the-place-i-say-if-it-aint-broke-and-broke-is-what-youll-be-if-they-raise-the-prices-to-compensate-for-the-upgrades-at-1300-for-a-bowl-of-pho-that-will-fill-your-tummy-itd-dont-need-no-sprucing-upa-group-of-us-co-workers-went-here-at-the-recommendation-of-one-co-worker-everyone-in-the-group-was-asian-but-me-they-all-trained-me-on-the-art-of-eating-that-day-we-started-out-with-several-mon-khai-v-imperial-egg-rolls-4-rolls-595-rice-paper-roll-wshrimp-pork-vegetables-in-sauce-3-rolls-595-and-chrbroiled-beef-wtiny-rice-vermicelli-750-nice-way-to-prepare-the-tummy-for-some-yummy-soupthen-there-was-the-ordering-of-pho-where-the-training-began-as-a-non-beef-eater-i-ordered-20-rice-noodle-wcharbroil-pork-which-like-all-their-soups-comes-in-three-sizes-small-550-645-medium-695-700-and-large-650-725-the-service-was-quick-and-the-pho-was-steaming-filled-with-green-onion-brown-onion-cilantro-and-of-course-noodles-and-whatever-choice-of-meat-ordered-now-what-pho-comes-with-a-side-of-stuff-bean-sprouts-basil-leaves-limes-and-sliced-jalapeno-chili-co-workers-instructions-were-all-in-sync-as-to-the-order-of-what-stuff-goes-into-the-bowl-including-the-roasted-garlic-and-hot-sauce-and-che-kin-mt-mmmm-so-goodgreat-place-to-go-on-a-cold-rainy-day-or-any-dayeve-for-that-matter-just-remember-to-bring-cash-service-is-fast-and-friendly-food-is-flavorful-and-filling-atmosphere-is-gian-they-dont-rush-you-out-like-many-restaurants-sure-the-place-isnt-as-nice-as-independence-palace-and-could-use-some-interior-and-exterior-attention-and-the-restrooms-are-quite-tight-but-hey-if-you-forgot-to-bring-cash-they-have-an-atm-with-a-charge-attached-but-still-just-enjoy-their-missionproviding-great-pho-yeah-i-just-made-that-up-btw-free-parking-when-you-can-find-it-hidden-on-the-south-side-of-the-building-otherwise-metered-street-parking-read-the-signsan-ung-tt
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,3/9/2014,397,85,16,20,19>So basically, Russell performs a type of stretch therapy, mostly for those with injuries. You can read about it more on the websites below. stretchtowin.comactiverelease.comitrainwithruss.comThe location is a bit difficult to find; a non-descript warehouse looking building in the corner of Vinedo and Walnut in Pasadena. The therapy is done fully clothed, so wear loose fitting clothing. Russell is a very nice young man who is genuinely concerned about your injury and comfort level. He kept asking if I was nervous and wouldn't do anything I didn't feel comfortable with. And being a rather young guy, Russell is pretty strong so he can really work out your problem spots. The location is small, but clean and neat. I've never done any sort of stretch therapy before, but I could tell where I had issues were when Russell was doing the therapy. And despite my novice expertise of this type of injury, I could tell that Russell honestly cared about you by the way he was working. He really understands the human anatomy, unlike regular masseuses, who just massage you without really taking into consideration your muscle lines. Russell will explain to you and show you (on a computer) why certain muscles are tight and what can be done to increase flexibility in a certain area. Overall, it was a good experience, I felt that I could really put my trust in Russell despite just meeting him and that I would go back if I had any injuries.
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,3/8/2014,327,210,16,42,21>Hi! Just wanted to share an update, as my next appt is not until the end of Feb. 2014. (Soooo thankful I could book in advance). I just needed to address some inquiries via Yelp. I've been receiving several emails & such nice compliments from fellow Yelpers within the last 4 months.Thank you! I apologize I have not responded to each note, but I really wanted to say thank you for the comments and questions to better help you know about my personal experience with my visit with Guy Tang at Salon Republic.  Answers are based on my personal experience and a ballpark figure/understanding of what you may encounter upon meeting Guy's ombré visit. The main question 1. How much is a visit to see Guy Tang and 2. How healthy is your hair, before and after?  1. Price varies. My first visit took almost 6 hrs and at least 5 stages to repair previous color damage from 10+yrs of damaging highlighting to achieve my love for blonde hair; and to receive ombre. So, without being too distasteful, or tacky, and because I am asked this so often, I will advise first, I know I am making a VERY smart investment in visiting Guy for his signature ombré &  have spent a minimum $400+ gratuity. Remember,I had significant color correction and my hair is shorter than most of his clients. Because of his impeccable service &attention, I encourage taking care of him well in gratuity because he is worth every bit of your confidence as you will appreciate every bit of his attentiveness and his eye for color and cut to ensure you're happy. Future visits I have spent below the minimum price plus gratuity and I've spent over the minimum price plus gratuity: all of which included 5+hours of his time, one-on-one service, a detailed narration of what he is doing, and a complete cut and style (so be sure to be headed out to show off those luscious locks!) I would love to visit him more often but distance and parental responsibilities don't make that feasible for me, but I am VERY CONFIDANT my hair is looking its best and healthier than ever, that even at almost month 4, I STILL receive compliments on my hair color and friends are shocked I haven't had my hair done in over 3 months!  I love this sort of response.  I don't "need" to hear these compliments to assure myself of how great my hair has been, but it sure does feel awesome when these compliments are given freely :)  While I used to visit a salon every 30-40 days, spending $150-200 each visit, I find I visit the salons less and really do invest more wisely by entrusting Guy to  be my stylist. I hope that helped shed some more light on my experience/hair expenses.  Regarding hair health after,been healthier than ever! I followed his suggestions with the Joico products.He even gave me complimentary full sized hair products for me to try!  I feel like my hair has never been this healthy and voluminous in blonde mode, & noticed less breakage,as I'm trying to grow out my hair to longer locks. I had been highlighting my hair for over 10 yrs and I WISH I had known Guy Tang before my pre-existing damages. Seemed like magic  in correcting my brassy color.  I'd  not been aware that previous stylists were causing more breakage by rebleaching already blonde ends, I had an unrealistic understanding to achieve blonde instantaneously. While I have LESS blonde today, I never notice this, as the blonde frames my face perfectly! He achieves such amazing color contrasts with such subtle effort and I could not be happier with my hair. I  know it's a slow process to recover my full hair health but I definitely notice a tremendous difference in my hair since having visited Guy on my 1st visit last March 2013.On a final note, & a gentle reminder, please be patient with Guy when making an appt as I am certain he is reaching back to as many people as he can with their questions or requests for appts. I know because I've been where you are. There is only one of him. Sadly. But once you step foot in his salon,I feel like I'm the only client in existence despite his busy calendar. :) I don't need to "sell" anyone with my reviews here of Guy Tang. I'm merely responding to questions/comments sent my way. His work and my photos should speak for themselves. Thanks again for taking the time to read about my thoughts regarding Guy. Note 1/23/14: REALLY suggest following him on social media (Instagram/FB I see daily) & he updates very often to reach a higher volume of people due to only so much time in the day, working practically nonstop, maintaining phone calls and msgs at appropriate times, being attentive to each individual clients' needs in the salon visit, and the list just goes on which affects his response times.I did see an update on Instagram &Facebook 1/22/14 that he is not able to take any new clients at this time. Keep patiently checking in. His YouTube replies give hair tips and technique too, maybe seek another stylist who may be able to use Guy's techniques. Standby is an option looks like. Best of luck!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,3/7/2014,245,189,20,32,28>In the New Year I weaned myself off coffee and have been cutting sugar out of my diet but I really was really craving a good quality latte :pI was very happy to find that Walfles serve Intelligentsia and Jones coffee !!! The cashier recommended the White Chocolate Mocha and promised that it wasn't really sweet but I decided on the Honey Latte. The only other food items they serve are mostly sweet and a few savory waffles. I wasn't in the mood but decided to share a waffle with my son since we were at a place specializing in waffles. You can create your own waffle with unlimited toppings and sauces but it was too overwhelming so I chose the caramel apple waffle which came with little chunks of Granny Smith apples, chopped candy pecans, caramel sauce, whip cream and ice cream. The waffle was a little tough but the toppings were really good and worked well together especially the fresh chunks of apples. It would have been better to order a plain coffee or tea with a sweet waffle because I had to drink a lot of water before I could drink the Honey Latte again. I ordered the 12 oz but when it came in the ceramic cup it was HUGE. They probably  make it smaller when it is to go. You can taste the honey and it is perfectly sweet. The next time I come I will just order a coffee drink. My son had fun playing with the games: Connect the Four and Dominoes. And I really enjoyed the local art and Indie music. For a moment I thought I was in the city. I posted my pictures on Facebook and Instagram and friends were asking where I was :p
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,3/6/2014,301,398,17,28,22>This area of North Pasadena is home to several Armenian bakeries and grocery stores, most of which I have visited over the years. Bakeries such as The Old Sassoon Bakery have been cranking out Armenian/Lebanese delicacies for decades.  Somehow this particular bakery was completely off my radar until today.I walked past the two cast iron café tables located just outside the front doors and my first impression of this small bakery was the cleanliness of it.  All of the savory and sweet pastries such as Armenian Pizzas, Lebanese flat breads, and sweet pastries were all neatly organized in the bakery cases and on the counters.5 stars for the Baklava!  I came here for the freshly made baklava: an Armenian pastry made with phyllo dough, butter, sugar/honey and usually one of the following type of chopped nuts in the center: pistachios, walnuts or almonds.  The sign in the window says they make the best baklava in town, and I would have to agree with them. I chose the traditional version made with walnuts.  The $0.75 cents square of deliciousness was fresh tasting and not sticky sweet like so many bakeries make it.  Sometimes the syrup from honey/sugar makes the bottom layers of the pastry laden with syrup and it becomes dense and overly sweet, but that was not the case here.  This baklava allowed me to taste all of the crunchy airy layers of phyllo dough and I did not miss the sugary syrup one bit.  Actually, I much prefer this version, it had just the right amount sweetness and moisture nestled in with the walnuts.  Opened from 7AM to 7PM M-F and 7AM to 5PM on the weekends, its worth a stop to try their delicious baklava!  I'll have to stop by another time to try out their savory items.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/23/2013,3/5/2014,617,537,26,23,22>I'm addicted to Boba right now.  I need to find a support group bc it is getting so out of hand.  I can't get enough of that sweet milky tea with chewy carb balls!  Oh!  The chewy carb balls!!  Balls!  Yummmm...I liked this place.  I'm not a Boba connoisseur, just an eater of all things Boba.  The service was fast, friendly and we used a Yelp check in!  Yehaw.  I ordered the Taiwanese sausage entree with a milk tea boba.  It was delicious! I have returned and will continue!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2013,3/4/2014,1152,1124,40,48,50>As my last review of the year (and my 800th!), Kagaya takes its spot as my favorite restaurant of 2013. I've always been a hot pot kind-of-gal, but my parents love traditional shabu-shabu, so I took them here for an early Christmas treat. Kagaya delivered the most amazing shabu-shabu experience I've ever had in my life. This place blows every hot pot and shabu-shabu joint in the LA area out of the water.Each shabu-shabu course includes your choice of beef, seafood, or mixed, along with two seasonal appetizers, "Wanmori" bowl soup, assorted fresh vegetables, your choice of udon noodle or rice soup, house made pickled vegetables, and your choice of dessert per person.The appetizers were bluefin tuna and giant mackerel. Both were delicious and the textures and flavors were amazing. Our soup consisted of another fish, which was equally mouthwateringly tasty. My mom couldn't stop raving about it.We ordered two USDA Prime Beef ($49 each), Premium Wagyu Beef ($138), and an additional side order of Seafood ($45). I didn't try the seafood, which included oysters, clams, a lobster claw, and crab legs, but my parents seemed to enjoy it very much. The beef was the best USDA Prime Beef I've ever had in my life. Sliced thinly and perfectly, I only needed to cook it in the boiling water for a couple of seconds before it was ready to eat. The meat melted in my mouth, but was nothing compared to the Wagyu Beef. Oh, sweet baby Jesus. I can't even describe what it was like as I've never tasted anything like it before. It's a must-try if you are a serious food lover.After we finished our meats and vegetables, we moved onto our Udon Noodle Soup. Cooked at your table (or the bar) in front of you, the udon was soft and chewy with just enough kick of pepper added to flavor the mild soup.Desserts were fantastic. There were five choices and we decided to go with the Apple Pie à la mode, Crème Brûlée, and Banana Pie à la mode. The apple tasted kind of weird and was the least favored. The crème brûlée was tasty but forgettable... which leaves the banana. You must get the Banana Pie. Not too sweet nor too banana-y, the dessert was crispy, refreshing, and went terrifically well with the vanilla ice cream.Service was great. Every party had reservations and some tables were taking longer than their 90-minute time limit to eat, so most of the later parties were pushed back to be seated later. We had to wait an additional 30 minutes, along with everyone else, and most parties were upset. The hostess tried her best to accommodate everyone, and although you could tell she was under a great deal of stress, she was still as patient and friendly as possible considering the circumstances. When we sat, she let us know that the time limit wouldn't be applied to us and we could stay however long we wanted. I also wasn't charged for my dad's sake, so that was a nice surprise.Kagaya is amazing and I will never look at shabu-shabu the same way again. I'm only sad that I'm not ballin' enough to come eat here at least once a week T__T
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2014,3/3/2014,484,473,21,31,28>This is without a doubt one of the best small business sandwich places I have tried. Coming back from Vegas, I was in the mood for a good sandwich and my wife and I were very fortunate to find The DIP on Yelp.I ordered the half turkey sandwich with chicken soup while my wife had the French dip sandwich with a potato salad. Lets start off with the fresh bread, delicious melt in your mouth soft bread, oh so good. The generous amount of meat in the sandwiches was amazing, sorry Quiznos and Subway you guys don't compare to the DIP. I found myself stealing some of my wife's potato salad while I enjoyed my home made chicken soup. The soup is just like mom makes, fresh and full of flavor. The owner is a friendly individual with a talent for sandwiches and his staff is very nice and polite.Don't judge a restaurant solely by its appearance, it's what's inside that counts. If you live, work, or are driving by the Ontario area you need to stop here for a truly delicious sandwich made with TLC.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/2/2014,395,221,21,28,18>I can't remember the last time I went to Happy Hour. Happy Hour dates with the lady are few and far between ever since we had our daughter. However, this last Friday we had a chance to go out for a few hours. I wanted to go to a place that was close by, a place that was new, a place that had some bar food. Cue The Greyhound. I've read few articles about this place before they opened up. Apparently one of the owners is the dude from Father's Office. So that brings it some cred right? Anyway, my wife and I hop in our Prius and score parking on the street next to the Immigration office in between the Jesus mural. Praise the lawd.We step inside the place and it was semi packed, dimly lit, with noticeably loud music playing. The host hands us a menu and explains that we have to order food from the bar. Yep, one of those places. I'm usually not a fan of this set up but whatever. After a couple of minutes of trying to make eye contact with one of the bartenders we place our order and sit down at one of their tables.Half Dozen Garlic Wings--Chicken wings were puny. Mini me, Vern Troyer, Webster,Emmanuelle Lewis small. What it lacked in size they made up for it with flavor. They have different types of flavor you can choose from, but they didn't let us mix and match. Bummer to say the least.Burger- The Greyhound burger is a no frills kinda burger. Lettuce, tomato, cheese cooked medium well. They didn't even ask me how I wanted my burger, which was kinda odd. I enjoyed it.Fried Shrimp- (shrimp) were puny. Mini me, Vern Troyer, Webster, Emmanuelle Lewis small. What it lacked in size they made up for it with flavor. Although the shrimp was small they did give a modest amount. Kinda Old Fashioned- Heck yeah. I watched the bartender make this drink. It was like an artist painting on a canvas. He sprayed it with something at the end. Not sure what it was. Beautiful, sophisticated , refined drink. Loved it. However, I just love old fashions in general. Weird things I noticed.They have a condiment station dedicated to napkins, water, salt and pepper, ketchup. So once the food arrived, I found myself jogging back and forth from the condiment table to our eating table. Felt like I was Usain Bolt. Service- Service was ok. You can totally tell that they have been only open for two days. Some of the bartenders were just standing around. I'm sure they will get on it.It's about time this stretch of HLP got some love.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2014,3/1/2014,516,353,23,31,29>Chili Cheese Fries w/ Onions.You cannot have the Hat without Chili Cheese Fries w/ Onions. You can also get it topped with Pastrami.The fries are crunchy. The Chili is hearty. The Cheese melts with the Chili and just tastes like awesome sauce. The onions topped just give it that extra oomph! yumGrilled Cheese w/ Onions - Gooey Goodness cooked on sourdough with the onions. Omg! So Good!Overall - If you can handle all the calories, then YES come here! =D
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/19/2013,2/28/2014,790,272,37,39,38>Every time I think of youI always catch my breathAnd I'm still standing hereAnd you're miles awayAnd I'm wonderingWhy you leftThe Must is BACK.  Reborn a few blocks from the original.  It's been soft-open for a week or two with an official opening tonight.  If you knew the prior incarnation (RIP circa 2010) then I'm pretty confident you'll love the new version.  I've lived Downtown longer than I should admit to, and The Must officially ranked as my most-missed business ever.  I have mourned it for years.This review marks my second visit.  This week.I foresee becoming a Must slut all over again.AMBIANCE: softly elegant, down-to-earth.  The designer nailed it.  Reminiscent of the former Must, but just a little sexier and sleeker.DRINK: owners have a real knack for selecting great wines and making them approachable with brief, apt descriptions like "rhubarb pop rocks" and "spicy milk duds."  The wine list is DEEP and fun to explore.  I've been through 7 or 8 and haven't hit a misfire yet.  They also have a great beer selection, and have added select liquor as well.  Cocktail menu in progress.FOOD: mostly new menu, but as whimsical and hearty as the original: "smashed tater tots," "brisket chili with hominy," and "LABS salad" (lettuce, avocado, bacon, shrimp salad in a remoulade-inspired dressing.)  P.S. The Fluffernutter returns!PRICE:  $$-$$$.  Like the original, it offers a range. You can get a glass of wine for $6 or $17.  Most offerings $8-$12.  Food ranges from hearty appetizers at $5-10 to salads at $12-14 to hearty entrees for $15-24.  You can easily have a light meal and two glasses of wine for $25 (pre-tip.)  Or you can go whole hog and dance your way through the menu, spending much more.  I love this approach -- it's a great place to invite friends who have varying budgets.  There are options.SERVICE:  Sincerity.  So rare, and yet so present here.  This is the kind of place where (after two visits) I remember people's names because the service is THAT good.  Manager Casey has top-notch people skills (he's a Must and Silo veteran -- f*** I've lived and drank in DTLA for too long -- I've followed too many people's hospitality careers!)  Elizabeth (so sweet) remembered me from my first visit and stopped by my table to say "hi" on my second.  John was my server on my first visit -- so polite and attentive.  Deb(bie) was my server on my second visit...so sweetly charming and engaging that I would have proposed on the spot...if only I preferred women.  Such a doll - and so focused on making her customers happy!VERDICT: Please go here just often enough to ensure the owners and staff prosper and flourish.  Please don't go here so often that I can't get a table whenever I want one.  Thank you :)I hear your nameIn certain circlesAnd it always makes me smileI spend my timeThinking about youAnd it's almostDrivin' me wildI ain't missing you at all....Not anymore :)
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,2/27/2014,1700,729,41,53,50>I'm not too sure what's kept me away from this deliciousness!Been wanting to come here ever since it opened but haven't until recently twice in a week. The seared ahi tuna soba salad in a red pepper sauce over greens is delish. Ahi tuna is coated with sesame.  Self serve cucumber lemon water is refreshing. The second time around for dinner I ordered fried catfish with a sweet chili sauce with rice and side of fried tofu. Effffin delicious as well. Dip that side of tofu in that sweet chili sauce and it's yummy in your tummy. For breakfast and lunch, you'll have to wait in line and pay first and find a seat. During dinner, it's wait for a table seating and order and pay later.Service here is personable and friendly unlike most Asian restaurants (if ya know what I mean). The restaurant is homely with books on the selves and paintings on the wall. I like this place a lot. You can tell a lot of people do too since they're waiting in line.Looking forward to come again and try some pork belly.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,2/26/2014,295,101,59,61,56>Relax your mind let your stomach be freeAnd get down to Glendora to have breakfast with meAt a pancake house called flappy jack'sPortions so huge, after you'll take a napOr stay awake with the coffee they makeStuffed French toast the size of a cakeThe pancakes will put you under a spellSo airy and fluffy and cooked so wellHigh quality ingredients without the junkThe feta in the Mediterranean omelette is a slam dunkWhen it comes to breakfast I know where to go for mineBring your appetite to Flappy's and get in lineCredit to EPMD - "you gots to chill"Breakfast. The most important meal of the day. So treat it that way! The pancakes here are AMAZING. I think the secret ingredient is FLUFFY CLOUDS. My stuffed French toast sent happy chills down my spine. The cream inside was stupendous and the strawberry compote was perfect in every way. The strawberries were sweet and the syrup was thick. I was able to take a taste of the Mediterranean omelette and the flavor profiles of the feta and spinach was savory and moderate. Other awesome dishes we tried was the crepes and Flappy's favorite skillet. Oddly, the weakest part of the dishes we tried was the bacon. It wasn't crispy enough. Mental note to ask for crispness on my next visit.
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2013,2/25/2014,439,104,46,54,50>Alright, let's get a couple things straight:1. I'm not a donut fan. Can't remember the last time I even ate one.2: I'm not a hipster.3. I hate waiting in line.There were only about 5 people ahead of us and, yes, the wait was a little long for a donut. Took about 20 minutes from entering to receiving the goods. That is mostly why I didn't give it 5 stars. Even while waiting, I was reading the bad Yelp reviews just to prepare myself for a what-if-bad situation.However. Oh my god. I was intrigued by the Spanish Bomb (glazed donut/ manchego/ quince paste/ toasted almonds) and my expectations were exceeded. I'm a fan of manchego cheese. No, wait, I'm kind of obsessed. I can eat a brick of it in once sitting so when I heard it was in a donut I just HAD to try it. And although slightly skeptical, I went forth anyways.Wow. Just. Wow. That's all I need to say about that one. Try it. It's friggen delicious.Friend and I also split the Nutellavision and GBH. Check out their menu for the descriptions. I'd recommend all of the ones I tried.I totally think I'd go back when I need a sugar and carb rush.The end.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,2/24/2014,718,358,17,27,23>Simpli is heaven for any sushi and oysters lovers! At the bar, the chefs are shucking and slicing the seafood right on site; serious freshness. I am giving this place a 5-star for the quality of their food, service, and Happy Hour menu. Simpli Sushi's is a no frill sushi restaurant, but it is a gem for what it is. Simpli Simple!-Happy Hour-Mon - Fri: 5pm - 7pmSat - Sun: 3pm - 6pmI posted a picture of the Happy Hour menu, please take a look. yelp.com/biz_photos/simp…I'm shock how generous they are with the amount of fresh fish piled on top of each sushi and roll! Even if you don't come during their Happy Hour, the prices are only about $1-2 more still making it a good deal. The service was superb with two waiter helping my table through out my whole meal. The only downfall is that you can't order from the sushi chef at the bar; waiter service only...no biggie.I love everything I ordered, but the super star was the crispy rice sushi (tuna, salmon, and yellow). I recommended to order all three; HH makes em' $1 each, so why not?!I was full and happy at the end of my meal, so what can make it better? More discount! 5% off if you pay with CASH, steal! Simpli is definitely a place I would like to return very soon. I got a new sushi spot, yay!PS. their chalkboard menu wall is fabulous; love the display!
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2013,2/23/2014,2310,316,17,39,29>It is against my rule for giving 5 star rating but the Bread Lounge deserves it! A 5 -star bakery in the industrial district of downtown LA right next to Bestia.The selection of baked good is impressive from the classic croissant and pain au raisin to the Belgium specialty and even a specialty from French brittany ( la Bretagne ) where my first name is from. All the breads look amazing and I unfortunately could not try then all though I tried many samples. The croissants are flaky and beautterful (beautiful and butter)The quality of the dough and the filling ingredients is high. A continuous flow of fresh pastries pours out of the kitchen.The savory items look delicious but are in limited supply.   The timbale is an amazing brioche bread filled with creme patissiere flavored with vanilla and chocolate chunks. It is a marvel. The brioche is light and fluffy, the filling is rich but not too sweet. A pleasure at every bite. The BEST bakery in Los Angeles.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,2/22/2014,395,192,27,23,20>So at first I was all like, why is this tiny Asian woman doing karate on my butt right now??  I have to admit it started a little weird.  But these girls can hook it up.  I am a massage enthusiast and I am forever looking for that great deal because I'm always sore and I'm way too poor to attempt some bi-weekly day spa trips like I think I'm Zoolander or something (I would straight KILL to go to a day spa for a week).  Upon entry I was startled, then sort of calmed by the "no sexual contact - don't ask - no exceptions" sign glaring at me from the wall.  I've been to places, or rather walked past places, which advertise "pretty young asian girls" as the massage techs... yeeeeeah.  I was thrilled by a sign they obviously had custom printed that basically said, "we are legit, don't try to undermine our mad skillz with your happy ending, we don't care if you're a high roller, keep your pants on shawty."  But I digress.The masseuse asked me if i liked light, medium or strong pressure, and where I'd like her to focus.  I said STRONG and preferably my neck, because it sounds like rice krispies in there...if the little dudes were epileptics, dropping acid.  So I'm naked under this sheet and she starts wiping me with a hot towel.  Which, I give you, was relaxing.  But I also felt like she was afraid to touch me with her bare hands.  I don't know- I seemed to have serious body issues for at least the first 10 minutes of the experience.  Then I blissed out and calmed down.  So she cleans my feet, shoulders, back with this towel, and then! she literally climbed on top of me, people.  Over the sheet.  And then the River Dancing started.  She's balancing on these weird muscles on the backs of my thighs which I honestly forgot I had since my last marathon.  All the while digging her forearms and fists into each vertebrae.  And I'm pretty sure contortionist stuff happened, and her tiny little hands are death-gripping my neck and strumming the guitar strings that have become my neck muscles until they finally unwind.  Like I already told you, it's jacked up in there.  Then onto my legs and feet, for more advanced yoga poses plus deep tissue massage.  I recalled seeing a mirror hanging on the wall to my right and it crossed my mind to raise my head from that little donut pillow they make you stuff your face into to check and see if she was literally doing a hand stand on my back.  It could've happened.  You don't know what went down in there.  Ok so then she had me roll to my back and worked out my hands and arms and then the grand finale - sitting up, tying  the sheet around me and doing an adjustment with my neck which cleared me in such a way that suddenly my ears were clear and I was hearing more acutely.  I could've shot the wings off a fly after that massage.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2014,2/21/2014,1686,389,30,44,35>Who likes soft, chewy and melt-in-your-mouth cookies that are to-die-for? **raises hand**ME!!! ME!! ME!! I LOVE COOKIES THAT MELT IN YOUR MOUTH!!UBER cute spot to grab cookies and milk, or cookies and coffee, or cookies and ice cream! (Side note: I noticed they use ice cream from Fosselman's Ice Cream in Alhambra... I LOVE Fosselmans!!) The décor is just adore too with great service. Parking would be street parking ..which kinda gets hectic, but theres nothing too hectic about getting yummy cookies! Some of my favorite flavors include: chocolate chocolate chip and banana split =D
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,12/26/2013,2/20/2014,863,938,30,42,38>A decent Chinese foot massage parlor in SGV, priced at $20 for a 1 hour massage. I recently came here on a Sunday afternoon in a group of 4 with no appointment. We were greeted immediately and there was no wait. Our massages all started at the same time. First came the foot soak. The tub was lined with plastic and the water temperature was just fine, in between warm and hot. The massage included work on my head, shoulders, arms, upper and lower back, legs and feet, with emphasis on the feet. I was relaxed half-way through and almost fell asleep! In comparison to other foot massages I've had in the past at this price point, it wasn't the best, but certainly did the job and got me feeling great after a night of dancing. I felt rejuvenated and at ease for a bit from holiday stresses. It was easy to find with signage facing the street. It was located on the first floor of a business building, at the intersection of Valley Blvd. and San Gabriel Blvd. Entrance faced the parking lot. Even though my friends and I paid individually, the front desk stamped all 4 massages on one stamp card per our request. I liked this a lot since my friends weren't from the area and I was more likely to come back. One thing to note was the noise level. It was quiet inside for the most part, but you could hear street noise as they left the front doors open. A man massaging my friend answered a phone call and was talking very loudly for a couple minutes. This call was the most disruptive. There was also many giggles and hushed chatter between therapists, but this was expected. I haven't been to a Chinese massage without the chatter yet! 3.5 stars. Worth another visit.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2013,2/18/2014,1661,660,29,36,31>First off let me just say I'm no beer snob, so I have no idea if this place is going to please you folks that stick your pinkies in the air while sippin' a brew. The beer was good, I certainly had my fill, but the real reason I rolled my ass all the way out here was for the vegan options on the Golden Road menu.And oh what a beautiful vegan menu it is. Sure, all the offerings aren't vegan so you meat crazed folks can chill out right there, but there is more than enough vegan goodness up in here to keep me happy for a number of visits.I killed some Hearts of Palm Ceviche, I beat down a Bavarian style Pub Pretzel with spicy mustard and a vegan pimento cheese dip, and I molested the shit out of some Jackfruit Tacos. Everything... SO GOOD. Color me disappointed that they were out of the Avocado Fritters during my trip, but I suppose I'll live to eat another day.There is enough action packed on that menu to keep a whole crew happy. If you need your meat they have everything from burgers to ribs to chicken sandwiches, and if you're a pimp ass vegan well then get your vegan cast iron lasagna, vegan banh mi, or vegan grilled cheese on. Lots more too, scope the menu online.Cool little venue, brewery meets pub meets casual grubbin'. Plus they have live music too, on occasion. Justin N seal of approval.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/18/2014,2/17/2014,780,172,37,42,41>Wanna stuff your pie hole with great coffee and dessert? Then I suggest you come to The Pie hole. I came to know about this place after reading Ryan C.'s review....Thanks Ryan C.Let me first start off by saying that parking can be a tad difficult but don't give up, your pie hole will thank you.  Second forget the caffeine high and put on your sweet tooth cause lord this place will send you into a diabetic coma that you won't want to come out of. Let me digress a bit, the little shop of sugar wonders is small and located in a small arty fartsy section of DTLA.  It has both indoor and outdoor seating aka free entertainment/people watching included.  The interior has an industrial nautical feel, though the walls felt a bit naked.  The only thing that kept throwing me off were the high lacquer picnic/BBQ style tables which in my opinion clashed with the sterile aluminum chairs (which complimented the minimalistic decor/or lack there of). Moving on, I ordered the horchata latte and a slice of the Mexican chocolate pie.  My husband went with a regular mocha and maple custard pie.Coffees:My husband liked the regular mocha but he's a bit of a coffee connoisseur and can discriminate the types and quality of ingredients (chocolate) used and he was a bit disappointed with the chocolate taste.  I on the other hand though it was pretty darn good (go figure). My Mexican horchata was very very good.  I've had the same drink elsewhere and it has always been too sweet making it impossible for me to finish it.  This one was perfect and I finished every last drop.Now I'm not a pie fan at all and more so I don't like anything maple much less custard.  But at my husband's insistence I had to take a bit of his pie and my goodness it was amazing!!! I could not believe how good this was and I kept taking more bites of his pie.The Mexican chocolate pie was a sugar addicts "liquid" dream come true.  It was very very rich almost fudge-giddy.  I couldn't take more than 3 bites it was just too rich and sweet for my taste.  I ended up eating the cookie gram crust instead which was densely packed and the perfect sweet level (at least for me I tend to crave more salty foods....salt and vinegar chips...than sweets). I'll definitely come back for the coffee but will only take bites of my husband's pie rather than getting a piece of my own.  Now I must make an appointment with my dentist cause I feel sweet tooth decay coming on :)
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,2/16/2014,2247,546,19,28,24>What a cute little Italian restaurant in the hood! Had a bit of trouble finding this place, had to call to make sure we were on the right street, stupid GPS.... We went in through the bar and lounge door, couldn't find the dining room, a waitress saw us wandering around, showed us the way to the restaurant main entrance, she was extremely friendly, even let me choose a big booth, semi private and so comfy. The menu is so good, many choices for Pescetarians and Vegetarians. Nice wine list too, but we brought our own reserved Italian red, I would have ordered some cocktails but we were on a tight schedule for a movie, couldn't do a slow dinner, the food came out so fast which was great! Complimentary bread: the bread was so thin and crisp, great with organic olive oil, loved how thin the bread was, it wouldn't fill me up so fast.Appetizers:Daily soup: lobster bisque, so creamy and tasty, hubby liked it a lot.Jumbo shrimp cocktail: served with lemon, cocktail sauce, mustard and horseradish: the shrimps were so fresh and tender, so good, very delicious! Entrees:Steamed mussels with white wine garlic broth: the mussels weren't big, but very tender, the white wine broth was amazing, so light with enough flavors, it was almost like a tasty soup for me, loved it! The French fries were not bad. Angel hair with assorted seafood: lots of seafood in there, very tender, full of flavors, the pasta was very delicious, I stole two small bites, hubby couldn't get enough of it, so yummy! Had to skip desert cause we were running late, a quick dinner, but the food was great, the service was so nice, all staffs were very attentive and fast, I was impressed! The food portions were huge, the menu prices were decent! A very classy Italian restaurant, love the relaxing and family friendly atmosphere, good for both casual dinner date or friends and family group dining. The bar and lounge area is great to have some drinks before or after dinner. Ps. Lots of street parkings nearby, or parking structures.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/2/2014,2/15/2014,189,94,31,31,25>My first review for 2014 and what better place to review than Jumbo's!A YTLA favorite. The most commonly asked, "Where do I go if I'm looking for...-19-24 hipster white guys-"sults"-ideas for a 30-something bday-an amazing girl so we can call ourselves "The Amazings"-good quality guys in their 30's-a place for impressive first dates-a boyfriend who doesn't charge me rentYou get the idea haha. There's only one answer to these questions:J... U... M... B... O... S!!So after pondering life's difficult questions, I found that a pilgrimage to Jumbo's was the answer.The venue was pretty small and the wait to get in was about 1.5 hours. Although there is no cover, you can pay $20 to buy a cap or t-shirt that allows you to skip the line. The girls on-stage did not disappoint with their pole dancing skills (with the exception of one girl). Drinks at the bar were cheap and strong so that is definitely a plus. All in all, I had a really fun time and will be returning in the future!
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2014,2/14/2014,1472,495,33,39,36>Cole's and I are in a relationship.In fact, I can trace many of the important life events of the past 5 years to Cole's --My first yelp event in '09-The last place I met with my former best friend-Site of numerous friend and dude dates over the years-The place I met my boyfriend (awww, right?)-Where I helped judge the Repeal Day bar tending competition The fact is, this place is my comfort zone.  Turns out, it's also pretty bad ass.The drinks are stellar.  Whether it's the Old Fashioneds, the punches or the fact that each bartender is not only smoking hot but friendly and knowledgable about booze, you will get your drink on and you will enjoy it.The food is also on point.  My suggestions - Tomato Soup.  Comes with grilled cheese (which I can't eat) but just on it's own is amazing.-The Ruski sandwich.  It's pastrami on rye with sauerkraut and it's delicious.-The Bourbon Pecan pie - which is what my first review was about-The Elvis Pie for those who want even more flavor.  It's grahmn cracker crust, chocolate custard, a peanut butter ribbon, whipped cream, a caramel drizzle and salted peanuts on top.  Not for the faint of heart or the high of blood sugar.-The Wedge salad.  Seriously.-The Pastrami Dip.  Although I like the others, the pastrami here is my fave -with pork a close second.-Brunch.  It's great. The best part though is the crowd.  It's never douchey or rude and even when it's packed, the patrons and staff are super cool folks who just want to have a nice night.  I'm usually a the far end of the bar making goggly eyes at the cowboy slinging drinks, come by and say hi.  After all, you are meeting my family.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/6/2013,2/13/2014,165,165,32,36,33>Summing it up in one sentence: Decent dim sum on the cheap, lots of variety. 6 people, $35 with tip, no one puked. Where else can you do that?As much as I want to write an in depth review about every piece of dim sum they serve, it's friggin dim sum at under $2 a dish. Just try it for yourself. They roll their carts around, so before you order it, have them open the lids. If it looks questionable, don't get it. I will say though, overall it's good for the price.Service is okay. When I asked for iced water, I asked for extra glasses because I knew it would be a hassle to get refills - and I was right. What do you expect when your own parents tell you to never leave a dime more than 10% tip at Chinese restaurants because we don't need to. For a $30 meal, $3 split with at least 20-25 people working there. And you expect them to refill your water? Ha!Parking here is a pain. And I'm not about to give away my secret parking spot either.
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,2/12/2014,663,707,22,33,28>The best KBBQ in K-town. My friend even proclaimed it the best KBBQ she's had outside of Korea. It's not AYCE but prices are reasonable. You can order the meat a la carte or get a combo (regular or large), which includes a few different types of meat, your choice of kimchi or bean paste stew, a small savory pancake (1 per table), and unlimited salad and banchan. They change out the grills often and use different grill types depending on the meat, plus they have a fun sectioned moat thing around the outer edge of the grill that they fill with beaten egg and a corn/cheese mixture that cooks along with the meat.My favorites:BEEFThinly Sliced Brisket (chadol)Prime Boneless Short Rib (kkotsal)Sliced Rib Eye (they grill it in steak form then cut it up for you)Boneless Short Rib (marinated -- aka galbi)PORKSpecial Pork Neck (GET THIS)Thinly Sliced Pork BellyThe meat is high quality and so flavorful even without dipping it into the salt or sauce that they provide (although I personally love the sauce and use it on everything). If you want rice, you have to ask for it. They don't have much in the way of banchan -- this place is all about the meat. I will say that their kimchi is some of the best I've ever had though, and their bean paste stew is delicious.Parking is valet ($2 with validation) or difficult street parking.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,2/11/2014,530,387,20,37,27>This is a fun hike that can vary in terrain and conditions throughout the year.  I've hiked it dry and I've been waste deep in water.  A word to the wise, you WILL get wet!The skinny:Approx 10 miles round trip hike to the infamous concrete bridge sitting out in the middle of nowhere.  A little of short history about the bridge itself - back in 1930's, the army corp of engineers tried building road through this mountain range along the East Fork River.  Numerous floods and tough terrain made sustaining the highway project nearly impossible and it was eventually scrapped.  But that was not until after this bridge (completed in 1936) was erected and is still structurally sound until this day.The land that surrounds the bridge is privately owned by a company that has the only legal bungee jumping permit in CA.  If you want to bungee, that is right, you have to make the 5 mile trek to get there and hike 5 miles home later on.As I stated in my opening, this hike can be completely different worlds depending on the time of year that you go.  The first time I went, I stayed dry by jumping from stone to stone over the 10 or so river crossings that the trail cris crosses.  That was a summer day when the water level was very low and nearly 100 degree heat.I went with a small group in early spring during the rainy season and water levels were high.  Waist deep in most spots in the river, we as a group needed to lock arms to cross together because the water current was strong enough to wash you away.Not the most the challenging hike, but an interesting one.Tips:- Don't go when it's near triple digit heat, it becomes a hot hike with little shade- Bring extra set of clothes to change into after hike if going in the rainy season- Adventure Pass needed to park at the trailhead and nearby
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2013,2/10/2014,634,401,23,31,31>My family came here the day after Thanksgiving to gorge ourselves on some more food after a fulfilling Thanksgiving dinner. I called and the hostess told me lunch ends at 3PM; so basically we wouldn't be able to order more food after 3. We got there around 1:30 PM and the place was practically empty - maybe only four tables out of the many tables they have were filled. Not sure if that was a good sign, but since my parents had never tried AYCE KBBQ and we had a coupon for $2 off per person, we thought ... why not?This restaurant is located all the way on the left side of the Action Lanes plaza across from In-N-Out. It's really big and has a lot of seating, and since the plaza is pretty dead most of the time, parking should not be an issue at all. AYCE KBBQ in Temple City/El Monte hasn't really been happening until Ook-Kook, so I'm glad to see more joints pop up. They basically have two options from the AYCE menu (or you can opt for tofu, but if one person does AYCE, everybody has to, too .. unless you want to split tables): Cheaper is $15.99 Lunch; $19.99 Dinner with 25 items to order from and Expensive is $19.99 Lunch; $24.99 Dinner with 33 items to choose from. We went for the cheaper menu - you're only allowed to order three items at a time apparently. With the first set, you are given onions, squash, mushrooms to juice up the grill flavor. I'm not sure if they gave us less and less but the more we ordered, the less came out (and the meat got thinner, too!) They also come with the banchan: rice paper, salty seaweed, potatoes, salad, kimchi, etc. The banchan wasn't very good so we didn't really eat much of that. Their dipping sauces - one a sweet sauce another a sauce that had salt and pepper in it ... pretty good and added flavor to the meat. I tried the brisket, short ribs, bulgogi, rib fingers, pork cheeks, large intestines, and pork belly. The most memorable were the brisket and the large intestines. Everything else wasn't too special or wasn't marinated enough. The brisket had the most flavor and tasted the best, in my opinion. Also tried the mixed tofu and steamed egg. The mixed tofu had too much of that spicy powder and didn't seem too natural and the steamed egg had too many pieces of green onion in it for my liking. The grills don't seem to be as good as K-towns and they had to switch very often. After maybe grilling only one type of meat, the grill would already be pretty charred and they'd come over to switch it. The AYCE buffet didn't have a great variety. They advertise sushi but in reality it was only California Roll and another type of roll with the fish eggs on top. The rolls weren't special and definitely not worth going there for. There also was salad, some cold spicy noodles, meat, and variety of fruit and jell-o. But nothing worth raving about. The jell-o was pretty good. I don't think the service was too bad, but maybe that's because we had a pretty empty restaurant. One of the waiters seemed more rude than the others, but I think that's his personality. When we went to order more, we always felt like we were an inconvenience. But then he'd go to the table behind us who weren't Asians and laugh it up. So eh, they helped us set up the grill and put the first few items on, and one waiter even helped us cook the large intestines because we hadn't split it in half to cook. When we paid and showed them the coupon, one waiter said the $2.00 off only applied to ONE person and we were like ... what? It didn't state that at all! Apparently he had gotten it wrong (whew) and it does apply to each person, so we got $8 off the bill.Not sure about that whole 3 PM end of lunch thing, because people came in well after 3 and still opted for AYCE and they served them ... so maybe it's a sort of time limit? Or they put away food at 4? Not sure, but we did eat our share and got enough brisket to satisfy our stomachs. If they have ice cream machines, that would be definitely add to the experience and enjoyment of the meal!But a great KBBQ to find in Temple City and I don't see there ever being too many people (unless maybe a party? - they do have a really pretty room in the back with nice lights) so I think service should generally be on point. It was better than other AYCE KBBQ places I have been to anyway. They have TVs that show Korean music videos all the time - interesting to watch while eating haha.tl;dr: If you're a fan of KBBQ and don't want to drive out to Koreatown or LA, definitely give this place a try. And if you snag a coupon, opt to use that! Save a few dollars on the meal.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/23/2013,2/6/2014,2858,814,21,32,32>The last time I reviewed Wang Cho wasn't that long ago, but I had such a great dining experience here last night that I had to Yelp some positive feedback. The food quality and variety for the $19.99 option is still an awesome deal.  That aspect of Wang Cho hasn't gone amiss. What I actually wanted to rave about was their customer service. Excellent all around, even without comparing it to other korean bbq's that almost avoid, or "forget" to bring you more meat after you've ordered only 4 plates of brisket.  Wang Cho does the exact opposite. The servers are all very polite, accommodating and ensure that you are satisfied with your experience.  They replace grills as needed, come back frequently to refill drinks and take orders often--Oh and check this, they actually bring your coma-inducing meaty treats before your brain's fullness signals kick in!  It almost seems that they are single handedly trying to alter the crappy service reputation that KBBQ's have steadfastly established. Kudos to Wang Cho's management and staff. P.S. I still wish and hoping that one day they'll offer unlimited ice cream as part of their menu.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/22/2013,2/5/2014,199,134,27,40,32>I can count the number of Peruvian restaurants in the Inland Empire with one hand. When I learned Domi's opened a mere two months ago, I knew I had to eat here. Located on a strip mall at the corner of Foothill Blvd and Euclid Ave, Domi's Peruvian Cuisine is a small restaurant facing Euclid ave, nestled between a nail salon and a donut shop. My visit occurred during dinner service, whereupon the nail salon was closed for the day and the donut shop...well, I'm not even sure if they are open for business yet. There are about eight tables inside, the largest seating four. Enter the restaurant and you will see a small A-frame notifying you of the day's special. Above the counter is a menu with prices and decently sized pictures of each plate. The menu plays it safe by focusing on the popular Cantonese-influenced dishes such as Lomo Saltado and Tallarin Saltado. A refrigerator with a glass door reveals a healthy supply of Kola Inglesa, Inka Kola and Cerveza Cristal, with the latter being beer.My order consisted of Arroz Chaufa de Pollo, Inka Kola to drink and a small box of mini Alfajores for dessert. My mom, whom accompanied me, had Lomo Saltado and an Inka Kola. My dish was average. There was plenty of rice and the seasoning was great, but I would have enjoyed a more lively dish with bigger pieces of chicken, egg, and bell peppers. In fact, the bell peppers must have blended in the dish too well because I didn't see any. My mom's Lomo Saltado, on the other hand, was cooked just as it should look, but the flavor from the marinade was meek. The mini Alfajores, provided from an outside bakery called Vale Di, were okay. A very good Alfajore is basically supposed to dissolve in your mouth. The variety sold here is good, but not my favorite. Food rating: 3 out of 5 stars.The reason Domi's gets a 4-star rating from me is because of the owner, Rosa. She is the kind faced woman behind the counter, ready to take your order and make you feel welcome. My mother and I talked to Rosa and left feeling like we met a long-time friend. Rosa enjoys the small size of her restaurant because as she put it -and I'm ad libbing here- it gives her the opportunity to get to know her customers. Rosa was attentive, but not overbearing. Everyone that night either shook her hand or gave her a hug. Parking is ample in the front . Because of the size, this restaurant is ideal for small parties. Orders can be for dine-in or take-out. All dishes are priced appropriately with nothing over $10.
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2013,2/4/2014,414,207,23,33,25>The Federal Bar:  Has one great thing going for it - the Happy Hour menu.  From that one thing are sprung hundreds of even better things.  Happy hour is the typical 3-6pm duration; however it's 7 days a week.  Happy Hour gets you 2 bucks off bottle or draft beers of your choosing, 3 buck vino de casa, 3 buck well, and select call & premium drinks that range from 5 to 7 bucks. They have a rotating beer menu that usually highlights 4 to 8 beers based on the season that typically range from 6-9 bucks, unfortunately most are pale and amber ales and nothing on the dark side.  But that again may change with the seasons.  They have their specialty cocktails [$10] as well, however if you consider yourself a manly man, be wary of this menu as most are for the fruity lovers.  The FLAWLESS:  Is Grey Goose Pare Vodka, St. Germain Elderflower, Fresh lime juice, and Prosecco.  Sounds great, but when I received it - I was a bit taken back that it was served in a champagne flute.  So a warning to you brutes from mountains and valleys that wouldn't be caught holding a flute glass. And what's a happy hour without some good grub?  When you look around, most people have plates of solid matter that looks quite appetizing.  The "pass-arounds" and solid offerings are very "artsy fartsy," but given that this is in the art district - you should expect it.  Some examples:  Elvis Pie, Vegan Weena, Artisan Slates, roasted pear pizza, and warm Quinoa & Kale Salad to name a few of many.  What we partook in was the:- Grilled Artichoke [$7] (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…) - This was baked/broiled with Parmigiano, and came with a cilantro aioli and garlic parmesan sauce.  It was 2 halves and decent, but a bit dried out.  It does not hold a flame to Houston's Artichokes.- Pork Belly Wrapped Dates [$9] (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…) - These little suckers are quite good.  The dates are filled with blue cheese, and covered with spiced walnuts and aged balsamic vinegar.  Something to write home about and tell your mamma.- The Federal [$12] (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…) - A half-decently-sized patty on a great looking brioche bun served with garlic chips, smoked cheddar, peppercorn aioli, balsamic onion, and bibb lettuce.  Not bad for bar food.- Maple-Glazed Sweet Potato Tots [$6] - If you didn't think that sweet 'taters were sweet enough, they made it more with the maple glaze.  Ok for the first time, but the glaze can make the balls hard if not eaten fast enough.The Mac-N-Cheese was recommended, but I didn't jump on this bandwagon since every other bistro/pub/bar has their claim-to-fame mac-attack.Keep in mind, experiences and reviews on this place vary based on what mindset you're in.  If you put on you r hipster hat and 21 vests, it's up your alley.  If you aren't too fond of some stiff upper lipped hostesses, then stay away.  Either way, the waitresses are busy, sometimes hard to flag down, but efficient enough.  Would I come back?  Sure as long as I remember to gel up that hair.
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2013,2/3/2014,2495,2210,20,32,26>A couple months ago, our dear friend June K. became our neighbor. She lives a neat walk away from Hyperion Public, and as a result we've hit up this spot for dinner, drinks, and weekend brunch. We'll no doubt continue to treat it as a neighborhood default going forward.Hyperion Public is a good bar and restaurant that serves many purposes quite well. Our three visits have all been very different, but we've had fun every time.We came for dinner on a Thursday night and though the restaurant was busy, we were seated right away, at a cozy table in the dining room. This is what I'd consider the main space of Hyperion Public, and it's attractively appointed, with a sort of Amercan brasserie feel. Service was good, and we relied on our waitress's recommendations for food. June and I shared the Oh My Goodness Dip, the roasted beet and burrata salad, and the crispy buttermilk fried chicken. Everything was delicious. The dip was cheesy and decadent, laced with spice and shredded chicken and served with homemade chips. The beet and burrata salad was straightforward and lovely, with red beets, fresh burrata, toasted hazelnuts, strawberries, and arugula. The best dish of the night, though, was the excellent fried chicken, served with bacon slaw and a naughty and nice sauce that involved spice and blueberries. As usual the dark meat outshone the white, but blame the chicken for that discrepancy. I had a $6 Bloody Mary with this dinner, and it was great, boozy and piquant. When we came back for more ambitious cocktails, though, I was a little less impressed. We ended a Saturday night in the upstairs bar area at Hyperion. Totally different vibe in that room, still nice but more Hollywood, with black furniture and what I remember as vaguely purple lighting. Service was decent, and the menu was promising. I shared a couple cocktails with Michael K., who liked them better than I did. We got The Walking Man and the Reservoir Dog - both fine, but slightly off balance, and not worth $12 and $13. The Walking Man mixed vodka with muddled grapes, fresh basil, lime juice, simple syrup, and soda. The grape was nice but something was off - maybe too much basil? The Reservoir Dog featured mezcal with basil, jalapeño, St. Germaine, and grapefruit - again, something was not quite right, and the smokey mezcal was obscured. Still, not bad efforts, and I imagine I'm not done exploring the cocktail menu.This past Saturday, June treated me and Matt B. to a bottomless mimosa brunch, as a thank you for finding her apartment and installing her in our neighborhood. We sat on the sidewalk patio as it was strangely dark and loud in the restaurant for the time of day. We arrived after 1:30 and as brunch serviced stopped at 3, we were nervous we wouldn't get $14 worth of mimosas each. We needn't have worried - though we sat outside our waitress checked in on us constantly. She kept the mimosas coming even when we hadn't finished the ones in front of us. I believe we crammed in four each. The mimosas were tasty, and there were several variations on the menu, all of them included in the bottomless deal. We had mimosas and bellinis, Kir Royals with Creme de Cassis, Hyperion Sunrises with pomegranate liqueur and mango to sweeten the champagne. It felt decadent but we didn't overdo it - maybe next time we'll aim for that. The food was great, too. June and I shared the crab and avocado omelette and the deluxe breakfast sandwich, and they both really hit the spot. The omelette featured a fluffy egg blanket around a sweet meaty portion of shredded crab, served with avocado and wasabi cream and sides of toast and a choice of home fries or fruit. We got fruit with the omelette, home fries with the sandwich. The fruit was good, cantaloupe, strawberries, grapes, and the home fries were French fries which was a wonderful outcome. They were really good ones, too, crispy and well seasoned. The breakfast sandwich was also a winner, with two eggs (we got them medium easy), cheddar, jack, arugula, tomato, and applewood bacon on a soft burger bun. It was pretty immensely satisfying.So this has been a long, disjointed review, but it should give you an idea of all that Hyperion Public has to offer. Food and drink are great, and the place is lots of fun. I expect I'll be back at least once more before the year is out.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2013,2/2/2014,217,296,19,22,21>I get it, working out builds up a good appetite BUT hot damn I didn't realize how BIG this pizza was. Ordered to go large pizza half pepperoni and sausage and other half had pepperoni and mushrooms, my fave! Little hermana wanted some chicken fettuccine alfredo, so we got that too. First and foremost, I didn't realize that the pizza needed TWO people to really carry out. They were NOT greedy with their toppings!!! The pizza itself was BOMB, you can taste the oven pizza taste in the crust. The outer crust seems to be harder and a bit hard to eat but with all the sauce and toppings, who cares! I will be eating pizza for days!!! =) Chicken fettuccine alfredo, serving size was big and oh so yummy. Chicken was grilled and the sauce was just pack with so much flavor. Sauce, chicken and pasta was awesome.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,2/1/2014,1006,957,20,28,25>I still love Murakami, but let's be honest: I preferred the old location.  It had character.  The fact that it was in an old, rundown space surrounded by pretty much nothing else of interest, looked like a bakery had a baby with a cafeteria, and yet managed to churn out super fresh, cheap chirashi bowls, was a huge draw.  And perhaps most importantly, it allowed them to keep their prices extremely low.But I was talking with my waitress and she said the old building was literally falling down and they were forced to vacate.  So it is what is is.This new location is trendier.  It's an restaurant you could take a date to without your date thinking you were a weirdo.  The menu's bigger.  The space is airy.  Everyone's friendly.  It's, you know, it's West Hollywood.And the draw, the fish, is just as good!  I did a make-your-own: salmon, hamachi, mackerel, scallops with masago, and the taste was the same as ever: just really simple, fresh, clean, and perfectly proportioned.  I love a good chirashi bowl like nothing else in this world.  I crave it singularly.  And they make a good one.Old price was $8.50; it's $12 now.  Not a screaming deal anymore, but reasonable enough for the area.  I'm still a fan, but part of me mourns for the old Wilcox permutation.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,1/30/2014,4339,292,34,49,46>Finally got to try this place thanks to the long wait at Baco Mercat.  Yes, it's by the same chef and this is his Tex-Mex tapas restaurant.  Everything we had was fantastic, even the vegetarian dishes.  Just FYI, if you're not a Meatatarian like myself, there are plenty of veggie dishes on the menu.  The highlights of the meal were the Mole Enchilada, Pork Belly Chicharon, and Ribeye!They also have nice, innovative cocktails served with one big ice cube so the cocktail doesn't get as water-down if you're a slow drinker.  Never been a problem with me but I like the effort....it just takes it up a notch.  I recommend Ama Old-Fashioned, Tahona Limon, and Zapatista!Parking is street only (good luck) but the service is friendly and fast enough on busy nights.  As for ambiance, it's dimly lit, loud, and cozy (reads tiny tables closely set up next to each other).  The crowd is a mixture of hipsters and foodies!  Hasta la próxima, BAR Ama!
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2014,1/29/2014,1636,596,47,52,54>2014 YELP 100 CHALLENGE - 10/100300TH REVIEW! :)My friend and I wanted some late night dessert, so we decided to try out Pazzo Gelato. It was pretty deserted for a Friday night, and we were able to find easy parking in the lot behind the building. They have a lot of outdoor seating that's enclosed by some plastic coverings. When we walked in, there was a homeless man sleeping in one of the chairs outside. That turned me off a little bit, but I ignored him for now. Whenever I go to a new ice cream or gelato shop, I always ask beforehand how many samples I'm allowed to have so that I can choose which ones I'm most interested in trying. I hate when places are really stingy with samples because it makes it harder for me to make a selection. Fortunately, the guy who was helping us out said that we could try as many samples as we liked! Love that! I ended up trying these flavors:SPICED PUMPKIN PIE:FANTASTIC! Absolutely loved it! I liked that it tasted like pumpkin pie. I liked that it had bits of pie crust in it and the flavor was phenomenal. This was one of the two flavors I ended up choosing.THAI TEA:Slightly different consistency than the spiced pumpkin pie. It was lighter and not as creamy. This ended up being my second flavor.MASCARPONE ORANGE FUDGE:This would have been my third flavor choice if I could have gotten three different scoops/flavors. It was basically chocolate orange and was SO good. I really liked it and the taste was a perfect combination of chocolate and orange :)STRAWBERRY CUSTARD:Just tasted like plain strawberry ice cream to me. Nothing special.CARROT?:I tasted some flavor that was like ____ Carrot. It was actually pretty interesting and reminded me of carrot cake! Unfortunately I don't remember what it was fully called.While my friend and I were sampling flavors, the homeless guy who was sleeping in one of the chairs outside came into the gelato parlor and immediately walked straight to the back of the store. The guy helping us called another guy to come help us, and then he immediately ran in the back to get the homeless guy. I think he was trying to find a bathroom or something but the guy told him to get out. I'm really glad that they did that because it made my friend and I feel very uncomfortable when he came in! He clearly was not coming to get gelato.Overall, I really liked the flavors I got and I would LOVE to come back to try more! They carry 22 flavors at a time, although their full menu of flavors is endless. You just have to see what they're carrying at the time you visit. I never really go to Silverlake, but I will totally go back to Pazzo Gelato if I am in the area!
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/12/2013,1/28/2014,2719,2132,89,106,98>Sushi in Glendale?  I usually go to Glendale for kebab!!  The waitress told me this place is strictly omakase.  Perfect!!I ordered hot tea and got it within seconds along with hot towel.  1.Tuna sashimi ($5.20) : 2 slices of tuna (from Boston?) with goma dressing, seaweed and radish sprouts.  Super fresh and super cold. 2.  Yellowtail and yellowtail belly from Osaka ($5.40): So tasty, and again..fresh.  I could taste the fishiness but in a good way.  My belly was loving this YT belly.3.  Spicy Spanish mackerel ($5.40): surprisingly not fishy @ all for a mackerel sushi.  2 pieces of melty and slightly sweet nigiri with green onions and ginger on top.4.  Red snapper sashimi ($8.40): honestly my least favorite from all of them.  3 slices of firm but fresh sashimi.  I would skip this next time.5.  Smoked salmon and fresh salmon ($4.80):  They are slightly sweet and covered with kelp jelly.  One is bursting with the freshness of the sea and you can taste the smokiness on the other one.  I like them both equally.6.  Toro from Spain ($16.00): I am not a big fan of toro but these 2 pieces have beautiful marbling and are kinda tasty.7.  Dungeness crab from Alaska ($11.00):  5 lumps of crab meat on top of a thick slice of lemon.  I don't really care for it because it's cooked and I don't care for crab in general.8.  Uni from Santa Barbara ($12.00):  One with rice only and the other one with rice and seaweed.  Sweet, melty and so good!!  I was surprised I was full by course #8.  I ate @ Sushi Zo and was still hungry after course #10.  The rice is slightly bigger and Sushi Nishi-ya's fish is more generous.  I told the chef that I could go for 2 more courses.  9.  Hokkaido scallops ($5.00):  Not sure if this is live scallop because I am a fan of live scallop.  2 slices of melty and slightly sweet scallop sushi.10.  Blue crab roll ($8.40):  Deeeelicious crabby roll went inside my tummy.  I was so full but I licked everything clean.My chef is so friendly and he smiles a lot.  The waitress needs to smile more but she is quick and polite.  Lot and street parking.Cheaper than Sushi Zo, my total is only $78.60 not including tip.  I still prefer Sushi Zo over this place but everything is so fresh.4 stars!!  I can see myself coming back here. Sushi Nishi-Ya is yummylicious!!
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,1/27/2014,1355,253,31,27,28>PAINLESS. Do you get excited about seeing the dentist? Me too!Scared? Nervous? Do your teeth shake in post-traumatic distress? Does your credit card hang up a "Gone Fishing" sign in protest? Are you scared to see the dentist? You should be! YOUR dentist WILL "discover" that an old filling needs replacing. He/she will then "accidentally" drive a hole through your once-perfectly healthy tooth with a hammer. Why? Root canals are expensive!In your best interest friends, I find my old yelp password so that I may pass a life raft to all whose teeth deserve better. This is for you.New Century Dental Care. (Dr. Yu.) ***throws roses** I drive ONE HUNDRED miles to get there and back. I would drive one thousand. I met Dr. Yu years ago at Dr. Campbell in North Hollywood when I needed an emergency root canal. (on a Saturday) Like you, another dentist had talked me into replacing a filling. *shakes fist*Most of my life, I've walked out of a dentist's visit with another clean bill of health and no cavities found. I knew not to fear a dentist's hands like the pin-pulled grenade that they are.I followed Dr. Yu to New Century, where his delightful staff always greet me with smiles. His new state-of-the-art offices are a sweet improvement to his last location. Located right off the 210, on the Southeast corner of a large outdoor mall with free parking, retail shopping and small eateries, New Century is always a sight for sore eyes. We have been through so much together! A root canal. A crown. Wisdom teeth removed painlessly? Check! Cleanings, x-rays, whitening, check! But my last visit takes the cake, and I suspend a review-writing hold to refer everyone with teeth to New Century.My retainer was broken. I tried to fix it. Other dentists tried to sell me REALLY expensive braces while I was bent back in a chair, mouth-opened, a pen in my hand to sign my bank account and first born away. I held out. Sorry for cheating on you Dr. Yu, but I was out of state!Dr. Yu brought in the consult of his incredible wife, an orthodontist, and repaired my broken retainer. Gratis.  Seriously!I decided to get a retainer for the bottom too! What will my life be like with an improved smile? He ordered two retainers at a discounted-rate after another cleaning with zero cavities found. Yay!What is an active retainer? A spring retainer? It is the enemy of all orthodontists whose rents are paid by our ignorance. If your teeth are almost straight, you might be able to save a fortune in the cost of braces by finding a dentist or orthodontist honest enough to refer you an active  spring retainer.I have one crooked tooth. Like me, a crazy one! My teeth are fairly straight, but just right of center, on the upper deck sits a tooth who begs to pop the top off of a beer bottle! With a retainer, I can correct this little irate sucker, but do I need braces? Do you?New Century and Dr. Yu accepts most insurance, offers discounted cash rates to those without and payment plans to suit any budget. To the parents with future colleges to think about, to all of my jellybean-eating friends out there, to those whose teeth are about to be hammered by expensive masochists, I hope that you find your way here. I hope that you find painless and affordable treatment for your omnipresent smiles too. Best of luck to you! Thank you New Century Dental! Thank you Dr. Yu!Sincerely,Mary B's teeth.:=)
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2013,1/26/2014,581,477,22,34,26>Soon dae. Yup. It's that food item your parents never quite explained. Then later in life you learn the awful truth. As much as you want to loathe it and dismiss it with disgust, you can't help it. All the good memories of being a child enjoying these sausages make you wistful with nostalgia. OK for those who don't know what this is, I'll explain, but first, I must warn you- this is real deal Korean food. It's not the polished and fusionized Korean street food everyone loves. It's not found in colorfully logo-wrapped trucks or food stalls in festivals. It's pig intestine casing filled with sweet rice, garlic, green onions, glass noodles and (cue Fanfare For The Common Man) pig blood. Have you had blood pudding? Blutwurst? Boudain noir? You're almost there. Why on earth would anyone feed this to their kid? Well, back in the old days, it was a cheap and delicious way to get iron in our tummies. Koreans never really had a lot of meat on their tables unless you were royalty or filthy rich- all the way up until post-war. Now in modern Korea and Koreatowns in America, it's just swimming with all you can eat beef as far as the eyes can see. Kind of makes you wish for simpler times with simple and nutritious food from the past. Bring me the soon dae!Yu-Hyang does it right. This place is very modest. The owners take great pride in their little restaurant. It really shows when they greet you with respect- even when you're coming alone, freshly from the spa next door where you've sweat out toxins and trace minerals through your pores. Time to replenish. I can only imagine how great this would be for you after a raging hangover- menudo style. Side dishes are kim chee, raw mild green chills with bean dip sauce and radish kim chee. I asked for soon dae guk, which is soon dae in soup but the owner lady told me to try the woo gae jee soon dae guk which is the same plain soup with a kick of Korean natto bean paste and greens along with blood cakes and pig ear slices. Thankfully, they didn't have liver in it. This was a warm, soul-satisfying soup that made me think of being a kid in Seoul before the glamour of K-pop, Samsung flat screens and Galaxy phones. This is the pre-industrialized Korea that I dream of. My eyes welled up with joy. I pictured myself as a teeny tot running around town, holding my dad's hand firmly then having him prop me up on a street food tent seat where he would watch me eat soon dae. My dad has a delicate palate and doesn't go near the stuff. Those were happy times that came back with a flash of this soup. They serve healthy purple rice and the sausages on the side. Go ahead a dip a few of these puppies into your soup. Enjoy a few bites on it's own so you can sense the truth in flavor that comes from this expertly homemade sausage. Yes, they don't have English menus so be prepared to point or just ask for soon dae guk. It's so worth it. If you're non-Korean, I already salute you for your bravery. Enjoy it and know you're pretty much a genuine Korean at this point.
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,1/25/2014,731,629,31,26,26>If you're a non-Korean who can adequately pronounce the name of this establishment correctly in one try I'd be super impressed just like the food of this place! This is definitely the spot to hit up if you're craving some spicy stew that day! Location: Next to Boba Time and across from Chapman plaza in another little plaza. Seating: Ample. It's got old school seating. No booths just tables and wooden chairs. Kinda reminded me of stepping Service: Decent. Typical of a Korean restaurant. Make sure you bring a translator if you can't speak a lick of Korean. Price: Affordable for what you get. They also have decently priced lunch specials Food: Banchan: (Side dishes) Pretty tasty. One of the best I've had. Glass noodles/Potato salad, Kim-Chi. All that jazz. Buddae Jiggae: Delicious. It's essentially junk food.. Meaning a bunch of random ass shit is put in it. Spam. Hot dogs. Canned Ham.  Rice cake. Instant Ramen. Spicy Red Chilli Paste. It's fuckin' legit though! *If you're a non-Korean like myself who frequents top notch Korean establishments you begin to notice a trend among all the restaurants in K-town.... ALL THEIR NAMES ARE NOTORIOUSLY DIFFICULT NEXT TO  IMPOSSIBLE TO PRONOUNCE TO NON-NATIVE SPEAKERS OF KOREAN... "Hey bro.. Meet me at CHUNJUUUU HANILLL Kwan or PaLSAIK SAMYAPSUL or KANG HO DONG BAEKJEONG". " I love it. It intrigues me that Korean business owners don't give a fuck about changing their name to make their food more accessible to Westerners and outsiders like the Chinese cause frankly Koreans don't give a shit if anyone else eats their food besides Koreans. That's real talk.... Word to your mother! J to th Y.
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,1/24/2014,708,334,39,55,43>*Black girl's POV on a Korean Spa*Oh yeah...now I see what all the fuss is about! Wi lives up to the hype and its reputation. I'll say this, the $25 entrance fee is worth it and definitely noticed compared to the $15-$20 fee at other K-Spas. My girls and I went on a Thursday night about 8pm and left close to 11pm. Here's the 411:PARKING: For a weeknight, I was able to find a parking space without having to do (or pay!) for valet. The lot however was almost completely full and I think I nabbed one of the last spaces. I can imagine this might be challenging on the weekends; perhaps that's when they bust out the valet?AMENITIES: Wi has everything! A very big locker room (I'd say probably twice the size as Wilshire). The vanity is stocked with the usual lotion, q-tips, hair brushes, tissue, etc. They also have individually-wrapped toothbrushes with sea-salt - what!!! This was new to me, but with salt being a natural antiseptic this was a great way to clean my mouth out. They had regular toothpaste as well, but I passed on that...something about communal paste seems icky to me! Towels were in abundance everywhere. Both large and small were available anytime and as many as you needed. There were also robes you could get in addition to your shorts and T-shirt "uniform". There was also a small little shop if you wanted to buy any of the Korean masks, scrubbing towels, lotions, etc.BATHING ROOMS/TUBS: Again, huge! Super spacious, 5 times more individual seated showers than Wilshire/80 billion times more than Hugh and Daengki! The standing showers had partial partitions and mirrors. The hot tubs were decently hot and this was the only K-spa where I could actually bare the super-hot one. The room as a whole was very bright, which took me a little bit to adjust too. I kind of liked the dimness at Wilshire. The wet and dry saunas are also in this area which were nice 'n sweaty hot! **As mentioned in my Wilshire review, don't forget to bring a plastic shower cap and your leave-in conditioner to work it's magic with all that steam!**COMMON AREAS/ JIMJILBANG: Recurring theme in this review...HUGE! Beyond spacious. Great sauna rooms (jade, salt, cold, clay, and another one that was 200+ degrees) - the jade room was my favorite. Really hot and relaxing, I could have easily dozed off if my girls didn't want to leave. In all honesty though, what killed it for me was the fact that this area was coed which meant I couldn't be naked. Listen, I've come to LOVE being butt booty neked in these K-spas. Sweating in a hot sauna next to some strange man, then schlepping myself room-to-room afterwards with ass and boob sweat showing through my T-shirt and shorts is not the business. I personally was also very confused about the whole no shoes rule. Some people had on flip-flops and some didn't. I thought I was following the "rule" and didn't have any on, but then I ended up getting a cut on my foot from something...maybe a sharp piece of salt. Who knows, but a noticing a bloody toe as I'm leaving the K-spa was not the business. We didn't eat any food so no comment there, but the eating area was fairly large and it smelled good.Overall, Wi was a very good experience and I would certainly return (on a weeknight again to avoid a huge crowd). I loved the fact that at no time during my visit did I feel cramped in a small space. Not a 5-star place in my opinion because they don't offer the V-Steam Treatment here, and I can only imagine the kids that must run amuck of this place on the weekend. The bloody toe didn't help either. Otherwise, gold star for Wi!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/11/2013,1/23/2014,1443,479,25,35,30>Best meal of the year award!!If you have any sort of special occasion deserving of a celebration I recommend you bring your small party here. The space is intimate and seating is limited. There are only about 10 tables inside this semi-hidden gem and many are tables for 2. Maybe they could push some of those together to accommodate more groups, but great for a date night for sure. The tasting menu was the way to go since it was my first visit and I had no idea what to order or if I would even like it. HUMMUS Served with marinated olives and Berber bread.TOMATO AND CUCUMBER TARTAR Diced Israeli cucumbers, tomatoes and shallots in house vinaigrette topped with a scoop of lemon sorbet and fresh raspberries.BASTILLA A light layer of phyllo with Cornish hen and scrambled eggs, sprinkled with saffron and powered sugar.SEA BASS TAGINE Roasted pan sea bass, served with fingerling potatoes and sautéed mixed peppers, topped off with a lemon sauce.LAMB CHOPS Grilled lamb chops marinated in the seven spices, served with farmers market's vegetables of the day.CHOCOLATE SOUP Served with vanilla ice cream and Baklava.Immediately upon entering I fell in love with the uniqueness and exclusivity of the unseen. You could easily walk past the entrance and miss it. Each dish from the tasting was fantastic on all levels! The Moroccan flavors were new to me and I was excited for each first bite of every dish that was brought out. I was excited for my food. Anticipatory. The flavors were unexpected, refreshing, colorful, decadent, and full bodied in all of the right ways. Indulge yourself. For 2 people came to about $185 with both of us ordering the tasting. The only slightly disturbing thing were the skulls on the desk. Not sure what cultural significance they may have, but a bit creepy-like-voodoo feel going on there.Parking:Street: Meters on the main street are in effect until pretty late (8 PM maybe), but you can also try going down the nearby side streets, which also have meters, but are not in effect as late. Don't park in residential where permits are required.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,1/22/2014,354,182,42,37,34>Grandma is ALWAYS excited when we pull up into the parking lot of Hawaii Supermarket.  When grandma is down or moody or bored, this is where you go or to the casino, but you lose less money here lol.  This place is old, it's generally dirty, and it has funky smells all over; and it's an Asian market, there's no way around this.  But, I do have to say, I prefer this market over Shun Fat on Colima Rd. anyday!  I prefer this market because they carry a lot of the Singaporean products you could ever imagine.  Laksa, mee siam, agar agar, this specialized nut chip brand, and other products you can't find elsewhere.  This place was also the only one to carry the Gula Malaka, but apparently U.S. won't let the shipment come in, so we will be without this sugar for awhile.. :( The general turnover rate on seafood, fruits, and veggietables are crazy fast.  No matter what day and time, it's always packed with customers and carts playing a game of follow the leader! If there's a few people picking a certain produce, it's a sure sign the rest of the market is going to buy that produce too.  Although it's outdated, and it needs a bit of cleaning, especially by the seafood department, it's the place to buy your Asian oddities.  The parking is a drag and it can get nuts, but you have to live with it if you want to shop here.  4 stars for a market that makes grandma happy and minus a star for watching out for flying birds that might poop on your head by the noodle section.  Yes, birds.  There are birds that chirp by the packaged noodles. Happy shopping!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,1/21/2014,348,274,23,25,21>There's a new ramen in town, and it's a winner!!I'm so excited that this place actually has legit good ramen. Right now, they only have four types of ramen: Spicy Miso, Tonkotsu, Shoyu, and Tsukemen. Upon speaking with the owner, I learned that they will indeed be expanding their menu, but not with silly items like sushi at a ramen restaurant. I ordered the Tonkotsu (pork based broth) and my bf ordered the Spicy Miso. First off, they come with different noodles, so check just to be sure you're getting what you want. The Spicy Miso is extremely spicy! We even asked for a more mild version of the Spicy Miso, but I still got to make fun of my bf for crying towards the end of the meal. The Spicy Miso is packed with flavor; I wouldn't be surprised if people complained that it's too salty. It's yummy but definitely not one of those light broths you'd want to finish. The noodles for the Spicy Miso are thicker than the Tonkotsu. The Tonkotsu also had good flavor, and it comes with one piece of meat: a small but thick block of pork belly that's cooked to perfection and infused with flavor. The best part of the meal was the soft boiled egg. I've never had anything like it because it was infused with soy sauce! The yolk is runny but also mixed with soy sauce. Free things: a bib (so awesome that we wore them to Yogurtland after), a hair tie for long haired folks (guys, you're in luck!), tea (rooibos or green), and best of all, they give out stamp cards so you can keep coming and feel good about contributing to getting your one free ramen. What other ramen place does this?? I'm impressed and definitely coming back. Finally a strong competitor for Golden Deli; I approve.
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2013,1/20/2014,1215,510,19,44,26>the-quick-gist-is-this-four-of-us-came-here-all-of-us-ramen-hunters-who-have-had-just-about-every-ramen-shop-in-southern-california-slurped-it-all-down-to-the-last-drop-of-broth-5-stars-for-offering-something-that-other-ramen-houses-arent-making-but-just-because-i-personally-rate-it-5-stars-doesnt-mean-you-will-like-it-if-youre-the-average-person-when-i-mean-average-i-mean-someone-who-cant-see-whats-so-great-about-a-small-15-pizza-from-pizzeria-mozza-or-someone-who-would-prefer-all-you-can-eat-sushi-or-all-you-can-eat-korean-bbq-over-a-highly-specialized-80120-course-omakase-set-or-dinner-set-the-kind-of-person-that-enjoys-ramen-by-omae-has-a-more-developed-discerning-palate-for-subtlety-it-really-reflects-on-the-sense-of-focus-and-precision-on-the-kind-of-skill-level-that-can-earn-one-a-title-like-best-restaurant-in-tokyo-or-even-a-few-michelin-starsthe-broths-available-are-not-heavy-or-impacted-so-far-ive-tried-tonkotsu-tonkotsu-with-kogashi-miso-and-chicken-broth-and-unlike-most-ramen-shops-they-taste-very-clean-skimmed-away-of-most-of-the-fat-the-pamphlets-in-the-menus-so-mention-how-they-pride-themselves-on-using-no-msg-and-the-least-amount-of-sodium-possible-this-is-not-about-powerful-drugged-flavors-just-tasting-the-tonkotsu-and-chicken-broth-you-can-kinda-imagine-the-broths-being-strained-multiple-times-removing-any-unnecessary-sediment-for-a-more-consomme-style-broth-this-kind-of-broth-is-like-the-opposite-of-what-youd-find-at-daikokuya-or-tsujita-annex-which-is-heavier-than-nidaime-tsujita-artisan-noodle-those-places-may-purposely-add-back-fat-for-richer-porkier-fattier-flavors-to-the-point-where-you-can-see-clumps-of-fat-congealing-on-the-surfacei-love-that-ramen-by-omae-offers-two-choices-of-noodles-yellow-wavy-chewier-and-white-slim-sexier-im-definitely-more-biased-towards-white-slim-sexy-noodles-the-egg-is-also-offered-in-hard-boiled-or-soft-boiled-form-ill-take-the-well-executed-soft-boiled-for-that-lovely-runny-yolkthe-slices-of-chashu-are-lean-in-fat-with-meaty-tenderness-other-additives-are-sprouts-green-onion-kikurage-a-black-fungus-as-kogashi-miso-goes-they-burn-the-miso-in-a-wok-giving-a-charred-aroma-for-the-ramen-its-not-for-me-but-youll-enjoy-it-if-youre-the-type-to-enjoy-a-bit-of-blackened-pizza-crust-or-chargrill-marks-on-your-beefthe-chicken-broth-base-is-even-lighter-and-softer-than-the-tonkotsupork-enough-that-i-would-opt-to-add-a-bit-more-shio-shoyu-or-miso-for-a-touch-more-saltinessas-for-sides-i-recommend-teba-gyoza-with-its-two-dipping-sauces-not-many-ramen-shops-here-in-la-offer-it-but-its-a-chicken-wing-with-gyoza-stuffing-inside-very-boss-stuff-the-chicken-wing-itself-is-already-deliciously-seasoned-and-i-could-enjoy-it-as-is-the-gyoza-filling-is-added-surprise-bonusi-should-note-i-love-all-the-various-sauces-and-dipping-aiolis-here-their-house-soy-sauce-alone-whatever-they-do-to-it-is-the-kind-of-thing-i-still-have-passing-thoughts-and-wants-about-for-me-all-the-sauces-are-the-kinds-of-things-that-once-you-finish-the-dip-they-came-with-you-actually-wish-you-had-more-food-around-to-dip-it-in-just-to-taste-its-a-subtle-if-catching-depthive-come-here-for-lunch-and-dinner-dinner-service-was-more-expedient-then-lunch-there-was-only-one-cute-girl-serving-as-both-hostess-and-waitress-during-a-packed-lunch-hour-it-took-time-for-her-to-run-to-every-table-order-grab-the-check-etc-dinner-had-2-3-waiters-on-hand-other-logistics-food-does-take-a-bit-more-time-than-what-ive-seen-at-other-ramen-places-you-probably-shouldnt-come-with-a-party-larger-than-4-its-a-very-small-space-the-parking-lot-is-crammed-and-might-be-a-bother-to-find-a-spotfor-omae-takeshi-who-works-as-an-executive-chef-for-iron-chef-the-3rd-iron-chef-japanese-morimoto-masaharu-just-as-morimoto-was-an-executive-chef-for-matsuhisa-nobu-this-is-a-very-good-effort-feel-the-skills-of-someone-handling-casual-street-ramen-ingredients-as-adeptly-as-he-has-dealt-with-quail-foie-gras-with-five-spice-perfume-its-pretty-good-worth-trying-at-least-once
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,1/19/2014,676,626,17,25,23>Many things have changed over the span of thousands of years but one has remained the same: man's love for wine. Sure it has evolved in terms in grape varietals, regions, and production; but the passion for the product has endured. Luckily for us California folk, there are several wine-making regions to visit to share our passion for grapes. However, for those who can't afford a visit to Northern Cali; San Antonio Winery comes to the rescue.San Antonio Winery transports visitors to the classy world of wine-making. Combining wine production with a store, wine-tasting bar, and restaurant; all that is missing are rolling fields of grape vines (we are reminded that we live in Southern Cali). Upon arrival, parking is free and plentiful so one will not have to worry about the sketchy neighborhood. San Antonio immediately welcomes with a large store/tasting bar at which one can receive a FREE comp tasting of 3 wines per person off a given list (and don't worry: the list doesn't skimp on selection). For $12, 4 wines can be chosen from an even larger list. This is not only fun and will impress, but also interactive as the bartenders are knowledgeable and courteous in answering questions versus simply trying to sell wine. Plus, if nothing else, you are getting free wine! Interested in learning about the actual wine production? San Antonio offers FREE tours on the hour, every hour from 12-4pm M-F and 11-5pm on S-Sun. The tour takes groups through the barrel cellars and describes not only the process of red and white wine production in general but specifically of that of San Antonio's lines of wines. Our specific tour guide, Dominic, was intelligent, funny, personable, and kept everyone's attention. The tour concluded in the bottling/labeling area which functions until 2pm and therefore, tourists can actually watch the bottling take place. To say the least, you will certainly learn about wine AND be entertained at the same time! Tip: Bring a coat/sweater! It is FREEZING on the tour in the wine cellars!Need some food to soak up all the wine (or wine knowledge)? Head to Maddalena Restaurant, San Antonio's resident eatery (open 10-7 M-F and 10-8 Sat-Sun). Although Maddalena is a cafeteria-style restaurant; the food quality and ambiance certainly is not. Suitable for business meetings, dates, birthdays, or casual lunches; Maddalena adds to the romanticism of the San Antonio Winery. Plus, they decorate for the holidays such as Christmas. We ordered a bottle of wine (no corkage fee unless you buy the bottle from the store and bring it to your meal) and a cheese/salami plate as an appetizer. For dinner, I ordered Trout Almondine while my boyfriend opted for Shrimp Scampi.Although the cheese plate was just "meh" with simple cheddar and monterey jack cheese cubes I could have purchased at Ralph's; the meal was delicious and featured large portions. My Trout Almondine was a HUGE piece of tender fish in a delectable sauce on a bed of quinoa and topped with greens and slivered almonds. It was heaven! My boyfriend's Shrimp Scampi was a terrific mix of white wine sauce on pasta with HUGE and succulent Shrimps. He devoured it! We were celebrating his 34th birthday and therefore concluded with cannoli for his dessert. Maddalena immediately provided a candle and lighter upon request (they had a huge box of birthday candles ready!) and the cannoli was equally divine (2 for $4.99). The only complaint was that my boyfriend ordered coffee which was too cold so he requested a warmer cup and it was still cold. Looking for a venue for a banquet or wedding? Although I am not familiar with renting costs, a wedding was currently underway during my visit and it seemed like the party was "jumping". It should also be heavily noted that San Antonio is a family affair which means a lot. The founder was an immigrant from Italy and the current owner is the 92 year old nephew who STILL comes into work daily!!! If you spot him, he will chat and even give away free wine! Plus, these wines are incredible at terrific wholesale prices. Even a Moscato at $7/bottle blew me away.  Overall, with the store, tasting, tour, and restaurant; San Antonio Winery is definitely an LA escape and experience that won't be forgotten no matter what your reason for visiting. Not to mention, it is worth visiting often for your wine needs. Obviously the love of wine will continue or thousands of more years.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2013,1/18/2014,3365,753,41,28,23>Burritos the size of a small Mexican baby....well, any baby for that matter.  I'm just saying it's most likely a Mexican baby because this place is in East LA.  It's OK, I can say that....cuz I was once a Mexican baby born in East LA.  I've gone off topic again....ahem....TACOS!  and....BABY SIZED BURRITOyelp.com/biz_photos/los-…I bought this for the wife.  The wife then proceeded to slap me with this burrito because she claims I'm trying to make her fat.  I like thick meat. what?CABEZA TACOyelp.com/biz_photos/los-…The nopales and guac are an interesting touch.  Pretty good, not great, nice portion.CARNITAS TACOyelp.com/biz_photos/los-…Tasty carnitas, again, pretty damn good and unique.So, get down to East LA...the Mexican babies here are way cheaper than a real one from Tijuana.  Or are they?  I got problems.Note to self:  Don't buy real babies....Mexican or otherwise.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,1/17/2014,2234,455,37,47,38>If Heidi Klum used to send a private jet to NY to get cronuts, but now settles for Kettle Glazed's knock off "croghnuts" in LA, it must be good. All this hype after 2 weeks of Kettle Glazed's opening? Also good.Came here for their "croghnuts," but was very pleased by their blueberry donut (specifically, cruller) with lemon glaze.. so delicious and my personal favorite here. My friend told me the cronuts here are the closest (in taste and texture) to Dominique Ansel's, so I had to stop by after work to try it. Their cronuts were pretty delicious, and so much better than any other cronaught/doissant/crognet donut shop in Santa Monica (*ahem DK Donuts*).  I really liked that the cream inside of the flaky donut was light and fluffy, and I appreciated the specs of vanilla bean in the cream. Kettle Glazed's sells theirs for $3.75/per cronut while other LA shops charge $5/pop.If you're sick of hearing about this cronut fad, it's not going to end"Here Are Two Young Women Digging For Cronuts In The Trash" gothamist.com/2013/08/13…
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,1/16/2014,638,255,37,40,40>Fitting that the Horse Thief is located at the Grand Central Market (GCM) since it would have been the perfect place to steal people's horses, if people still rode them of course. But since Mr. Eds are no longer ridden (unless your name is Ed), the only thing that Horse Thief will be stealing is your money because the brisket here is pretty damn good. I've done a lot of BBQ places across Los Angeles, but overall most of the places tasted old-fashioned or were just not that flavorful. However, Horse Thief provides some conveniently tasty BBQ for the DTLA scene, saving you that trip to Compton. Location-wise, the Horse Thief is on an outdoor patio along Hill Street and directly across from the pretty useless railway known as Angel's Flight. Since they just opened, a lot of the signage is temporary so if you have a hard time finding them, just follow the unmistakably piquant scent of smoked oakwood bit.ly/13zzmTJ.When I arrived at Horse Thief around 10:40 I was told that they did not open until 11 and for now they will be open from 11 to 4. Still, since I looked really hungry or must have looked like a Yelper, Horse Thief opened a good ten minutes early just for me. Boom!At the suggestion of Russell, one of the owners, I ended up ordering a 1/4 lb. of the brisket ($6), a 1/4 lb. of the pulled pork ($5), a small side of jicama slaw ($3), and a sweet tea ($2). The food was served on a tray that also came with two untoasted white bread slices, pickles, and raw onions. BBQ sauce is available at the counter. bit.ly/13JNOrd-----------------------------------Food from least to best:The jicama slaw was a little disappointing. Flavor-wise it was alright, but the jicama was almost impossible to find in the slaw because it was overshadowed by too much cabbage and not enough jicama. I guess, living in Los Angeles, I imagined chunks of jicama and not slivers. 2/5The pulled pork was tender and looked seasoned, but it reminded be of Mike Tyson. Sure Mike looked and fought like a beast, but the moment I heard his voice for the first time I was like wow, that really is disappointing. Likewise, the pulled pork looked amazing, but the taste did not match the aesthetics. Still, when lathered with the BBQ sauce, the pulled pork was not too bad. 3/5I have to say that the beef brisket was definitely the highlight of the meal. It was tender, had a great oaky flavor, and the crispy crust was just divine. Dip it in Horse Thief's tangy BBQ sauce and the result is a party in your mouth. 5/5-----------------------------------Blame it on the brisket or my lovey dovey mood these days, but I'll give this budding BBQ restaurant 5 stars. * So after a little research I found out that the name Horse Thief is some sort of tribute to a novel about cowboys, Texas Rangers (as in the Lone Ranger type and not Yu Darvish), and of course horse thieves. Fitting too since, the guys that opened up the Horse Thief are from Texas. In fact, Russell, one of the owners, is from Houston. I guess you can say we traded Dwight Coward for a Horse Thief. A win-win in my opinion. * Currently the only beverages they offer are unsweetened iced tea, sweet tea, and lemonade. If you need something carbonated or if you want a beer, get some from inside the market. Horse Thief has applied for a liquor license. * Grand Central Market is a stone's throw away from the Pershing Square subway station. Or you can park in the parking garage for free for an hour with validation being given by the information booth if you show them a receipt that you spent $10.-----------------------------------Update: On a return visit I had the ribs and they were meatily delicious.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,1/15/2014,3170,1316,41,61,53>**ONE OF MY FAVORITE PLACES IN BEVERLY HILLS**Fell in love with the Mansion on the first visit.Lots of ooh's and ahh's.And so it was fitting, we had our civil ceremony here.Lots of ooh's and ahh's.BEAUTIFUL:- City views- Manicured grounds- Fountains and ponds- Historical architectureThere are a few rules:*No professional photography without a permit (trust me, the park rangers are there to regulate).*No video*No smoking*No dogsUnfortunately, from time to time, there will be tour buses and hoards of tourists being loud and obnoxious, but the place is so big (18.3 acres), you can avoid contact. Be a doll and become a member:greystonemansion.org/Mem…Or volunteer:greystonemansion.org/Vol…OTHER:Greystone is open daily:10 a.m. - 5 p.m.     Pacific Standard Time10 a.m. - 6 p.m.     Daylight Savings TimePlease note that on weekends (especially during Spring and Summer months) weddings and special events are common at Greystone, therefore, some areas will be off limits. Admission to the grounds and parking are FREE.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2013,1/14/2014,456,372,66,61,67>Brazilian BarbecueAnd a buffetI went to M Grill for a second time (my birthday)You see I want all you to knowWhat I'm feeling for MEmotions for their food has grownSince the first time that I saw them saw themThey brought us meatAnd sliced it on our platesWaiters constantly went aroundSo no one had to waitWent to the self-serve centerFor fresh veggies and some starchThe busboys filled our water glassSo we wouldn't get parchedM Grill how I'm in love with you!You are going to be my LoverGrillI am going to eat my fillYeah-yeah -yeah-yeah   Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeahAte so much prime ribAnd bite-sized filetPineapple and a host of saladsAll were served so gourmetRice, black beans were solidCreamed corn is such a mustCollard greens and salsaWere great, you should me trustI went here onceIt was few years agoVastly improved since their expansionI again real soon will go-go!M Grill how I'm in love with you!You are going to be my LoverGrillI am going to eat my fillYeah-yeah -yeah-yeah   Yeah-yeah-yeah-yeah
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2013,1/13/2014,920,518,51,61,59>What a meal! Free on Friday evening, this dine was meant to be. Both of us creatures of habit, were gravitating toward a Momed yelp.com/biz/momed-bever… reprise until I mentioned Monsieur Marcel as in the Fairfax Farmers Market yelp.com/biz/monsieur-ma… was just up the street. The plan was to walk on by, catch the vibe, peruse the menu and decide. Pleasant patio, welcoming hostess convinced us to stay even before we glanced at the offerings. Consult with the sommelier resulted in a 2010 Santa Barbara, CA chard with pear notes, perfect for fish dishes to come! After one sip, we decided to keep the bottle. It returned to our table in an ice loaded vinyl bag yelp.com/biz_photos/mons… (Available in Monsieur Marcel's Market, $4.95 per bag. 10% off your purchase with same-day, restaurant receipt.).  Watermelon gazpacho, smooth, spicy, fruity, with a duo of mini melon balls yelp.com/biz_photos/mons… would have been enough for me but my friend insisted I needed protein so I ordered the salad Niçoise yelp.com/biz_photos/mons…. Had I been hungrier, I would have sent this back. Dressing, traditional ingredients were fine save the lettuce core and microscopic eggshell still clinging to a hardboiled half (3.25 stars). Seriously, I was fine to sip, pick while conversing.   However, my friend's choice of salmon on a bed of spaghetti squash with capers yelp.com/biz_photos/mons… plus a side of ratatouille yelp.com/biz_photos/mons…  was a taste adventure of fish done right, complimented with veggies of equal caliber (5 stars and nothing but)! She's got a sweet tooth. In hopes of tempting me to help her eat them, she ordered both the satiny rich mousse au chocolate and the light yet hardy tarte tatin. Just one bite per was enough to deem them delicious desserts, worthy on all counts! Frank, our server was attentive, efficient, kind and funny. Bookmarked to return for Monsieur Marcel's happy hour, 3:00 PM to 7:00 PM, Monday through Friday, 2 for 1 wine by the glass and 1/2 off corkage fee! Oh, and Amazon Fresh fresh.amazon.com/welcome will deliver Monsieur Marcel's specialty items in the Los Angeles area!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,1/12/2014,606,426,16,21,22>// LOCATION // Small plaza in Glendora diagonal from Chase Bank and in the same plaza as Alberto's // SERVICE // FABULOUS. Thank you Bob for being a great server! You definitely made the meal for my friend and I perfect. He was incredibly patient because we could not decide if we wanted AYCE or not. Although he was the only server, he worked the room well and was incredibly prompt and happy with all the guests. // FOOD // Their AYCE is a steal btw at $25.95 for incredibly fresh fish. Although you must finish your entire portion here as with all AYCE sushi places, this place gives you the teeny tiniest serving of rice with your sushi. I greatly appreciated this because my friend and I were able to eat a larger variety b/c we were not overly stuffed with fish. The fish was so fresh and melted in your mouth like BUTTAH. Even the rolls barely had any rice as well. The Chef was apparently an executive chef at MGM Grand in LV and you can tell he is use to upscale dining. Although the location is modest, he definitely presents his food with a flourish and will watch how you enjoy your food so that he can specially send you out little surprises he knows you will enjoy.The entire menu is very tasty but my faves were:     + Yellowtail nigiri     + Salmon nigiri     + Spider roll     + Alaska roll     + Rainbow roll
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,1/11/2014,282,108,16,33,23>OK so I was skeptical at first about the whole vaping deal. I've been a smoker for over 10 years and I have been smoke-free for 5 years now. So I decided to stop by and see what all the hype was about. I'm glad I did. This place provided a cozy and clean atmosphere. Paul especially was very helpful and explained to me how the whole vapor works. I love the concept of vapors and how it can help people quit smoking and I'm all for it. Paul explained to me the different levels of nicotine that can be added (ranges from 0mg to 32mg) and showed me a variety of different flavors. Dang so many to choose from. I probably tried 10 different flavors. I got to go back to try more. They must have over 100 flavors. But I'm hooked on the strawberry kiwi and cinnamon roll flavor. My favorites so far. But first thing is first I had to make sure it has 0mg of nicotine before trying it out.Overall, great place to get your Vape on. All the workers were extremely nice and provided great customer service. I felt no pressure to buy anything since I just came in to try it out. The atmosphere is great and feels like you're at a an upscale bar minus the liquor. It also has a couch and some tables. Excellent place for customers to chill and try out many flavors while interacting with workers or other customers. I think I will go back to get my very own Vapor. Thanks Paul for making my vaping experience worthwhile and explaining to me the whole Vapor concept.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,1/10/2014,361,411,15,24,22>After years of bookmarking Wood Spoon, I finally ventured over to try it this summer, and it did not disappoint! The restaurant is small but cozy and lovely. I absolutely adored the folded pink napkins, the pillows lining the benches, and the cinnamon water!We started off with some white sangria (so refreshing and fruity!) and the mixed plate appetizer of fried goodness. Everything on there tasted fantastic, but my favorite was the Coxinha (Brazil's most popular street food)and the Pastel Portuguese (dumpling stuffed with shrimp, coconut sauce).For my entree, I had the chicken pot pie. The pot pie was a lot smaller than imagined, while the greens clearly wasn't just a side. However, it was definitely the best pot pie I've had! The flaky crust, tender chicken, and creamy inside was simply delightful. The best part of it was that it wasn't too heavy. My friend had a pork burger, which was really tasty too. So much flavor and the pork patty was super juicy. Loved the cabbage too. Sadly, not a fan of the yam fries because they were too soggy for me.Our server was nice and friendly, but service that night was slow. The food came out really slowly too, and we waited a lot that night. Overall, I enjoyed Wood Spoon! Even though it's a little pricey and service was slow, the food lived up to the hype!
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2013,1/9/2014,115,174,55,61,60>If I took Silom by literal pronunciation, I'm going to say that it means "the colors of the wind." Hello Pocahontas where are you? So yeah, silom is not a tonal word. Not like "suay" which could mean both "dangerous" and "beautiful" depending on your pitch on the vowel. You could either get a kiss or a slap in the face if you're not careful. There are many words in the Thai language that are tonal which can make it confusing. Not to mention "kao" which could mean horns, rice, white, or fishy. Silom Supermarket is a little Thai supermarket. There are things here that can't be found at other Asian supermarkets. This includes some Thai curry pastes, Thai sauces, Thai holy basil, Thai eggplants... yeah. You'd be leaving this place all Thai'd out!The grocery section is... okay. There's not that big of a selection here. Just one aisle of what seems like pure vegetables. Chopped papaya salad, lettuce, cabbages, bellpeppers, and some other stuff.A whole aisle of every brand of cup noodles for the starving student.I never bought any of the meat section so I have no idea how it is.An aisle dedicated to Thai herbal stuff. They have a whole set of pain relievers, herbal Thai teeth powder, herbal oils, yeah that sort of thing.There are people that make and deliver bento boxes of Thai food on the weekends. This includes Grilled Pork Skewers, Grilled Chicken Skewers, Egg Noodles with BBQ Pork, Spare Pork Ribs, Thai Sausage, Moo Namtok, Moo Satay, Chicken Satay, and Larb. The sticky rice in these boxes are fantastic. There are no hard bits it's all soft and sticky. The grilled pork skewers are my absolute favorite. Great pork flavor! So tender and there are no crazy globs of fat. There is a lady that sits around the checkout area. She makes super spicy Thai soups and curries. Like off the chart spicy. I didn't think humans could eat that spicy, we've had to modify her soups a few times. She's off to Thailand to get surgery for her leg for a few months and she should be back soon.There's also a woman near the end of the supermarket that makes Thai desserts on the spot including Thai tacos and curry puffs.Most of the aisles are really narrow. It's usually super cold in this supermarket so it's highly recommended that you wear something warm. For parking, you can park in the structure. You have to get a receipt stamped for free parking or you can park on the meters. Overall, 3 stars for market selection and 1 extra star for all the good Thai food that is made or delivered here. This supermarket is great for getting Thai related things. The people that prepare food here make really awesome Thai food.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2013,1/8/2014,685,98,28,35,31>Oh Boiling Crab, how I wish I could learn the recipe of your OH-SO-DELICIOUS spicy, buttery, garlicky saucy goodness. Then I wouldn't have to wait what feels like AN ETERNITY to be seated and happily munching!There seriously has to be crack in their sauce because I crave BC basically EVERYDAY OF MY LIFE. Here's the scoop on my ABSOLUTE faves here:- Shrimp in Whole Shebang XXX: My mouth is WATERING just thinking about the sauce.- Clams in Whole Shebang XXX: The clams are almost always big and juicy and oh so yummy in my tummy! I think I've only had bad clams once but they were nice enough to take them off my table so that I didn't have to pay for gross clams! :)- Fresh Oysters: Never a disappointment! I LOVE oysters, especially when they're plump and refreshing!- Fried Catfish Basket: Comes with giant pieces of golden fried catfish and CAJUN FRIES! These fries are deliciously seasoned in Cajun spices and go perfectly with a side of their creamy ranch dressing!Why am I not at BC right now ?!
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2013,1/6/2014,1121,246,36,40,38>Great for groups and dates!Manna has this champagne shower thing for birthdays.  I think it's hilarious.  So you pay $25 (I think) and they bring the celebrant champagne.....except they shake it up and spray it on you.  If you do it, you can either warn your friend and have them bring a change of clothes, or not tell them and see the expression on their face when you mess up one of their favorite wardrobes.  I've seen both.  This also comes with a free listening of one of the most annoying renditions of "Happy Birthday" on the speaker system, letting everyone know how annoying the song is.Price 4/5A little pricey for my taste, but that's just because I'm a poor music teacher who went to two private schools.  $17.99 for the "Gold" list of meats, and $24.99 for the "Black" list of meats.  You can also get Shabu Shabu but I've never had it.  The Gold has everything you need if you're new to the whole KBBQ thing.  Black has some of the more extravagant eats like Crown tongue, and I don't even know what that is. Gold has Bulgogi, Brisket, and chicken.....and that's usually what I revolve around.  We also got Pork Belly.Parking 4/5You can either park on the street, or park inside the Galleria parking lot.  Parking is free when you get validation here.Ambience 4/5Very vibrant atmosphere!  Popular music playing (I think the person at the front was using Spotify).  You get the occasional happy bday song as well.  Big screens all over the place that showed the Dodgers losing Game 4 of the ALCS.  The place is also really well vented, and the smoke goes straight up.  You still walk out of there smelling like KBBQ, but it's not as bad as some places I've been.Fixins 5/5There is a whole buffet line of banchan and other things to help fill you up to prevent you from ordering too much meat.  I like the selection so I don't mind getting in on the scheme.  They have various generic sushi selections, Japchae, soups, fried rice, tempura, dumplings, spicy rice cake, etc.  They also have jalapenos, onions, and garlic for the grill to accompany your meats. Oil, salt, and hot sauce are already on the table.  They bring out rice paper, radish, and kimchi for you as well.Service 5/5Grills get switched out very frequently which is nice. Meat gets brought out promptly, and water is served by the pitcher.  If you don't know what you're doing, the staff will cut the meat as it's grilling so it cooks faster....this is especially key with chicken.  Staff are very polite, as well...I mean, they do enjoy themselves every now and then with their champagne showers.  Having a call button at your table helps, too.  Food 5/5We had the following:BrisketStarts you off right because it cooks so quickly due to the thin cut.  This brisket was not too chewy, and didn't have that strong aftertaste you sometimes get with brisket.Spicy Boneless ChickenReally nice cuts of chicken, and the meat stayed juicy and tender after the grilling.  The marinade was good and spicy, just the way I like it.Bulgogi (1/2 order)Melts in your mouth if you cook it right.  If you like it well done, the meat is still sweet and tasty.Pork Belly (1/2 order)The last time we had this the pork belly was too chewy, so I decided to burn the crap out of it this time.  Added a little bit of the salt to it while it was grilling and voila!!  Nice and crispy, tasted like pork chops.  Yum!Overall 5/5 BOOYOW!!!Maybe I'm over-zealous about places I like, and maybe I'm not the most reliable source because I like to eat so much.  I really like Manna because the overall experience is great. No need to flag down staff, and you can get extra banchan whenever you need it instead of waiting.  Meat is a little better than the $9.99 spots I go to, and it's definitely a little classier to go here when you're out with family and/or friends.
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/17/2013,1/5/2014,1068,387,39,41,36>When it comes to chocolate, it's very difficult to go wrong, but a general ranking might go as follows, with all getting a passing grade because chocolate does not fail:Grade(C) Whitman's Sampler, Russel Stover, other drug-store "I need a last second, thoughtless gift" brands. (average: $8-$12 for one pound, mixed, no customization available)(B) See's. (average: $16-$20 for one pound, mixed, more for customization)(A) Edelweiss / Godiva (average: $45-$60 for one pound, mixed, more for customization)Edelweiss has several different one-pound/two-pound boxes with the standard offerings: dark, milk, nuts (heyoo!), but their employees offer tons of options for personalized mélanges (ie, you're the slut who wants nothing but the caramel chews in a five pound crate, or you're the "gimme all your salted nuts" whore).The actual taste of the chocolate is on par with Godiva, though honestly the average person (I include myself) really can't call you out on switcharoo bullsh*t if you want to pull it ("You skank! You ate the real Edelweiss and refilled the box with See's!").The real Edelweiss difference is the presentation. You'll pick your "It'll give you zits!" poison, and the lady behind the counter will whip out a box and start filling it for you by hand, using these pornographic escargot tongs, then will wrap the whole thing in an "I'm sorry I cheated on you with your sister" bow.That's gangster, son.Edelweiss also sells candy à la carte, along with lollipops and other junkfood, so there are endless opportunities to blow your lunch money and lie to your mom. "What did you eat today, sweetheart? What are you learning?" "Whatever the lunch menu that you got from the PTA said. I think, ionno... Super burger? I learned that John Wilkes Booth shot Lincoln. Also, that according to the video my health teacher showed, I lost my virginity sooner than average." [*cough* a chocolate Santa and a soda *cough*]
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,1/4/2014,4161,1558,15,23,21>Cafe Cola has found a new home in Covina.  Walking in here is like entering a friend's home.  It's a welcoming atmosphere with genuine hospitality.  To say that it has excellent service is unjust.  It's a feeling of complete welcome and warmth.Bf and I ordered the Bully and the Cheese Steak.  Bully is a burger with an egg to describe it the simplest sense.  But it's not just a burger.  Even with the massive amount of trendy burger places popping up, the Bully stands up to its name.  The meat is juicy and had a complex flavor that blended well.  And the buns...  They aren't the ordinary buns.  I normally don't like buns, but I can even eat these without the meat.  The Cheese Steak also came with incredible bread.  The meat was tender and flavorful.  I don't think I've had it better anywhere else.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2013,1/3/2014,237,264,15,23,22>4.6/5*I have been meaning to update this review for a while.... I have been coming nearly every day since my previous review. I find this place's development to be remarkable. Yes, I'm having trouble putting 5* down for a place that does not focus on local roasts/roasters, but the quality of the drinks, the friendliness of the staff and the welcoming environment truly has brightened Pasadena for me! Yes, come to Pasadena for it.I never thought I'd say that. I used to discourage people from coming to Pasadena for everything except a few museums and the odd event. However, Copa Vida has added a whole new dimension here. It's a place you can find your rhythm, no matter what your mood. The entire pace of the environment can shift between it's very interesting experiential/ interactive "slow bar" events (scheduled in the dark room.. . check their website) and its regular vibe mediated by the color of the chamber you select. Yes! You! You pick the color, the atmosphere follows. I haven't even mentioned the coffee. I respect the roasts they use. Even if there are more and more places brewing 49th Parallel, Verve, etc., it doesn't diminish that these are good roasts. They offer significant variety in their teas as well. I still truly enjoy everything about their cold brewed tea and cold brewed coffee. It is very good and carries it's flavor very nicely, no matter how long it takes you to enjoy your drink.  Some of the baristas have really been stand-outs. I'm always pleased with the quality of every drink I've received. They do a rigorous amount of testing and work on their machines (tea and coffee). Not to mention the new espresso machine is really unique and lovely to see.A word about the staff: They don't hesitate to get to know you. They feel a bit like family, not a bad family, a good one with supportive siblings.  Everything from my previous review stands...Food:I have now tried many items on their menu. This will be hard to list so, I will sum it up in areas: Salads: all good, my favorite being the faro. I enjoy the grain usually, but here there is something a bit more comforting. Somehow, I enjoy the kale salad, despite my general distaste for it in salad form.Sandwiches: Truly the bread stands on its own. You add in the vegetables, the sauces, the turkey, or anything else and it's almost unbeatable in the area (Europane may have an edge here because of their interesting variety).There is nowhere I'd rather sit and enjoy a light meal and coffee in LA than here.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2013,1/2/2014,95,266,12,21,15>The lady is nice.  Not as cheaply priced as I thought, but she does a great job and is worth every penny!  I say that because the lady is sweet and up front about everything and the price.  She does remarkable suit pants alterations.  I had to take a pair in for length and height cuts.  Total, it was $25 for hemming and taking the waist in.  Parking in the back or on the street and cash only.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2013,1/1/2014,377,492,18,22,21>It's my first time trying mochi waffles and I'm in LOVE!  Crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside...Delicious!  Mochi Waffles: $3.25 each OR 2/$6**choice of toppings: butter, chocolate, caramel, brown sugar, cinnamon and chocolate/milk syrup mixAlso available: Leige waffles, drinks (green/black tea) and fosselman ice cream!  Stamp Card: Buy 10, Get 1 Free Original Waffle!**Located between Foot Locker and Closet**One FREE Reg Drink ($6+ purchase) with Check-in!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/28/2013,12/31/2013,511,129,21,26,25>Love supporting small businesses. I've only been here a handful of times since I'm not always in this area. The lady behind the counter always packs my plate to the max. I always have to share with someone since its wayyyy too much food for one person. I've only tried their rice/noodles with orange chicken and beef broccoli and they are both pretty good. Great place to try if you're one of those who wants to get the most bang for your buck because a combo plate will only run you about $5parking is a bit difficult though. They are located in a rather small plaza and they share parking with all the other units.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2013,12/30/2013,985,360,43,60,45>HEY MA! LOOK I'M ON TV! Thanks to Sidney T, I got the opportunity to get my 5 seconds of fame on the Ellen Show! The wait was terrible, my friends had to wait from 10AM to 2PM to get a spot and we were on the standby line so it wasn't guaranteed that we would be able to be a part of the audience. Although I heard that if you don't get chosen, they will give you guaranteed tickets to come back again. Lucky for us, my group of 4 got to be a part of the audience! We were separated throughout into different areas in the audience, but Sidney T and I were seated together right smack in the front and we got tons of air time! The waiting around was probably the most tedious part since they make you wait in the parking garage across the street from the WB studio. But food and drinks are available for purchase, and they have tvs set up so you can watch the Ellen show as its being broadcasted. After checking in, they give you numbers and line you up by your numbers as they place you into audience seats. There was an Ellen store were you can purchase all kinds of items such as mugs and clothing to commemorate being on the show. The episode we were on was with James Franco and Anna Farris so be on the lookout for us! We had to follow such rules as no interacting with celebrity guests and Ellen, no photography/recording, and we had to dance, smile, and clap at certain times when they started filming. Afterwards we had an opportunity to take a tour of the WB lot and walk around the WB store. I wish we could have met some of the celebrity guests afterwards because damn James Franco was really hot in person, much more so than he is on screen! :P
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2013,12/29/2013,818,503,26,34,30>The Flint Canyon Trail runs from Cherry Canyon on the west side of La Canada-Flintridge to Hahamongna Watershed Park on the east side of town.The Flint Canyon Trail is primarily a multi use trail for walkers, hikers, runners, bikers and horseback riders.  It is a total of 2.03 miles from one end to the other.  There are so many opportunities for extending the length of your hike on either end by hiking around Hahamongna Watershed Park and on to the Gabrielino Trail which heads north in the Arroyo Seco.  If you end up on Hamstead Rd. you can cross the street and access the multitudes of trails at Cherry Canyon Park. I've lived in La Canada-Flintridge for 13 years and today is the first time I stepped foot on the Flint Canyon Trail.   I hesitated to hike on it in the past because I thought I might get a little depressed every time I'd see a horse.  I had horses growing up and really miss them, but they are really expensive and time consuming to actually own.  I'd have to say I am really happy I finally went hiking on this trail for a few reasons.The first one being that my son helped his Troop 507 work on a couple Boy Scout Eagle projects on this trail and I just had to see it for myself.  It wasn't my son's project, but all the scouts in the troop always help when projects come up.  This is a subject of controversy in the local paper right now because of the plaques that were placed on the ground with the names of the two Eagle Scouts in Troop 507.  The La Canada Trails Council (see website link) who is in charge of maintaining the trails don't want plaques all over the trails.   The parents of these two Eagle Scouts, a few other parents (not including myself) and scoutmasters don't really agree with that because it was a pretty labor intensive project to build log fences on the east and west entrances of the trail from Commonwealth Avenue.    I posted a couple photos of the log fence that was installed.  Personally, I don't think the scouts need this type of recognition in the form of a fancy plaque and I think that goes against what scouting is all about.  I'm just the mom of a scout so that's just my opinion.  My husband spoke to a county worker today because our troop is in the process of building another fence by a trail in Altadena and he thought a small plaque placed on the actual fence would be good.  I think I like that idea the most so far.No it isn't named after Larry Flint if that's what you are thinking, but I still need to do a little research on it.  Summer is here and if you want to get out and hike without dying of heat stroke in the blazing hot sun this is a nice little trail.Pros:*  This is a really easy hike and you can wear your comfy tennis shoes if you want.*  One great thing about this trail is that it is mostly shaded by mature oaks, sycamores, and other trees.  Watch out for the poison oak.*  Not difficult although a little hill climb on the west end by Hampstead Road and another one at the opposite end by Berkshire just past Dover Rd.*  The Hampstead Road entrance to the trail is right across the street from the main entrance to Cherry Canyon.Cons:*  No restrooms until you make it to Hahamongna Watershed Park.  They are near the road approximately across the street from La Canada High School's pool as a landmark.*  Parking can be limited at the Hampstead Rd. entrance so you might want to start at Hahamongna Park close to the intersection of Oak Grove and Berkshire.*  The short section of the trail that goes under the 210 freeway is a little scary.  Either brush up on your karate skills, carry a pocket knife or hike with a friend.*  The eastern section of the trail is very close to the 210 which I wrote about above therefore the sound of the traffic is really annoying.  I'm not going to sugar coat it.  That's one reason I hate living close to the 210 and I am praying the 710 extension doesn't go through.  All I need is 50 million more 18 wheelers cruising through town honking their horns at midnight.Tips:*  Bring your water.  That is a no brainer.*  Possibly pack a lunch. There are lots of places to have a  little picnic at Hahamongna or Cherry Canyon.*  Wear your sunscreen.  The Flint Canyon Trail is mostly shaded by mature trees, but Hahamongna and Cherry Canyon are pretty exposed.*  Bring a pocket knife if you are planning on going under the 210 freeway.  *  Watch out for snakes and poison oak.
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2013,12/28/2013,3695,1087,18,26,22>CINNAMON TOAST POPCORN!! get out.We were drawn to this place because they had oysters. We ordered a dozen and MY GOD...they were so big, creamy, and fresh. We also tried the jerk shrimp, fried avocado, crispy brussels sprout & cauliflower, and grilled sea bass. Everything was so KILLER. The jerk shrimp was amazing. The shrimp was plump and the jerk sauce was heavenly. It came with bread which was nice because we scraped up every single drop of jerk sauce. Don't even get me started on the brussels sprouts and cauliflower. DIVINE. The sea bass was a very delicate, elegant, and light dish. It wasn't  packed with flavor like every other dish there, but it was a fantastic plate of perfectly cooked fish.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2013,12/27/2013,1206,320,43,46,46>"CRONUTS?!? What's a Cronut?" I asked my friend. "Well, it's a cross between a croissant and a donut." SAY WHAT?! And the search for Cronuts began! Lucky for me, Frances Bakery saved the day!Located in Little Tokyo, Frances Bakery provides some of the most delicious pastries I've had anywhere. This wonderful Japanese bakery does makes some damn good pastries! Let me break it down:FOOD - 5 Stars:Cronuts: A wonderful hybrid between a donut and a croissant... Who knew that cronuts would bring so much happiness to my taste buds?I bought three different kinds: Blueberry, Chocolate, and Regular. They are dusted with sugar around the sides for added sweetness. Each one has a different topping depending on the flavor. The chocolate has a chocolate glazewith chocolate pieces on top. The regular one is glazed on top while the blueberry has a blueberry syrup drizzled on it with some crisp, fresh blueberries.Each one was fluffy, yet flakey with every single bite. It wasn't heavy or dense like a regular donut, but had a lightness to it. Every bite was truly delicious. The chocolate and regular cronuts have custard inside while the blueberry cornut has a blueberry filling. I have to say that I'm not a fan of any type of filling in my donuts. However, I made an exception for these cronuts and here's why. Unlike some custard filled donuts, these were not filled to the brim and bursting at the seams. So, it wasn't like I was getting a mouthful of filling in one bite. It was just the perfect amount with each bite so that it wasn't overwhelming at all. It was a perfect proportion of filling and flakey cronut goodness. So, what's the verdict? Well, I'm a choco-aholic by far. However, the blueberry cronut won me over. I think it tasted the best especially with the fresh blueberries. I could've eaten a dozen of these!Amaretto Cake & Hazelnut Cake: I wasn't planning on getting anything else here, but the amaretto cake and hazelnut cake slices caught my eye and I couldn't resist. This was made in traditional Japanese style, which is a light sponge bread with very light and delicate frosting. The flavor of each amaretto and hazelnut cake was amazing. These are light and airy when you're eating it, but they pack a punch of flavor. Macaroons: I also got some macaroons because I couldn't resist. They had so many on display that I figured I might as well pick some up. Each one was so distinct with flavor and extremely delicious.ATMOSPHERE - 5 Stars: This place is a cozy and homey place. There are a few tables inside so you can enjoy your food and drinks. I came in on a weekday so it wasn't that busy. I'm sure the weekend might be a bit more crazy.SERVICE - 5 Stars: The lady helping me was extremely friendly and was quick to get my orders even though I took a while to choose my macaroons. She even started a conversation as to whether I've had the cronuts before. I told her it was my first time and she said that I would enjoy them. She was right about that!RECOMMENDATION: I'm now a huge fan of cronuts. I'm glad that Frances Bakery provided high quality, delicious, and mouthwatering pastries. I know I'll be back to get more stuff here. I think that if you haven't had a cronut yet, then Frances Bakery is the place to start your cronut experience. Beware, you may be tempted to buy other delicious items here so come in with an empty stomach!
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2013,12/26/2013,1171,248,23,25,25>I love me a dirty dive bar...in fact the dirtier the better. Well this dive bar is dirty...dirty to the point where you have to beat back bar gnats and I'm not talking about questionable individuals. That being said it's dark, in a seedy part of town, and did I mention dirty...I showed up with a fellow yelper and I had a great time sucking down Hangar 24 brews...the prices were great but you gotta fight off those bar gnats...
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2013,12/25/2013,623,222,24,35,32>The Vape Unit became one of my favorite vape shops in the area.PROS+ Conveniently located in a plaza off Atlantic Blvd with ample parking.+ The staff here provides great customer service every single time that I'm here & it's the reason I keep coming back! Upon entering, they greet you right away.. none of those awkward silent stares that I've received at other vape shops during the past month. They're knowledgeable & take the time to thoroughly answer your questions. They're patient & not the type of staff who will push you to buy their products. My boyfriend & I come here & ask for Michael, who never fails to take care of us!+ They always have new items coming in! Aside from that, they also carry exclusive items which you'll have to go in to see for yourself.+ Free water for customers! (yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…)+ Fivestars card accepted here, can't go wrong with that. 1 point for every $10 spent & after 10 points, you've earned yourself a free juice.CONS- There isn't any ;)
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/31/2013,12/24/2013,72,446,26,27,25>Sprinkle some sweet, luscious, and delicious toppings on organic ice cream and you're bound to have satisfied customers!  Just when I thought Sprinkles had some of the best cupcakes in town, they went and opened an ice cream parlor next door to their popular Beverly Hills cupcake store.  Alright, so I'm lactose-intolerant but sometimes you have to sacrifice when there's something good, and their ice cream is good.  Actually, their ice cream doesn't bother my stomach, maybe because it's organic, or maybe because all the toppings absorb the milk.  The toppings are fresh, tasteful, and plentiful, as Sprinkles don't skimp on the toppings.  On my first visit, I got the strawberry sorbet and chose brownies and cake for toppings.  My last visit, I opted for the vanilla bean ice cream with an array of nuts for toppings.  Believe it or not, but my friend finished the large serving in less than five minutes!  What the heck?!  I slowly, and enjoyably, ate my dessert to sprinkle some sweetness to my palate.  No doubt, you will find a nice dessert at Sprinkles.  They have an extensive selection from Blood Orange and Strawberry sorbets to Malted Milk Chocolate, Salty Caramel, and Red Velvet ice cream.  Be prepared to spend close to ten dollars per person, but it will be worth it.  This location is clean, service is friendly, and their product is very good.  For all the hard work you do, treat yourself with some Sprinkles of love and happiness!
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/12/2013,12/23/2013,842,430,15,20,17>Show some love to the small businesses in your area.ARC ... A Runner's Circle is just one of the small businesses that I love to support.  Not only do they have a wide variety of running and cross-training  shoes and clothes, they carry all of the other accessories you'll need when you're finding that runner's high. I used to say that they only time you'll find me running is if there's a dog, a cop or some crazy ex chasing me ... but I digress.I've found a new love for health and fitness and running is one of the variety of ways that I mix up my routine. Apparently every week on Thursdays at 6p (please check the site or call, I'm not very reliable) ARC hosts a runner's club where you can join others at different skill levels and run either 3 or 5 miles at a pace that suits you.  I came back from a run last night feeling accomplished and excited to try it again.So if ...you're looking for shoes.  Check out ARC.you're looking for people run with.  Check out ARC.you're looking just to find out which shoes you need for whatever you're doing.Check out ARC.you're looking for those short ass shorts.Check out ARC.I've only been once and I'm convinced that I'll be back in the future for one of their events, to buy shit or just to run ... you know.
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,12/22/2013,1030,557,23,16,18>Wings.Wings wings wings wings wings.That is all.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/10/2013,12/21/2013,824,286,13,17,16>A charming little library tucked just behind South Pas' downtown area.  The grounds are well kept for peaceful reading and even picnicking!  What I love most about this quaint library are their resources for little tykes.  They have an abundant assortment of board books, CD's and DVD's which are age appropriate for my little one, even since he was born.  They offer a nice selection of classics such as those from Eric Carle as well as newer titles, and they constantly replenish the shelves with up-to-date titles.  Their CD's include everything from Raffi to Sesame Street, Disney.. Rockabye Baby and on and on... And DVD's include Sesame Street, Elmo, Baby Einstein and Little Pim in tons of languages!My little one and I are in for a treat every time we visit, as we love their designated play area stocked with blocks, Lego, puzzles and toys.  Renewing material is a snap online and parking is sufficient surrounding the building, with up to 4 whole free hours of street parking!
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2013,12/20/2013,635,232,19,34,29>Echo Park Lake has become the new Silverlake Reservoir - but greener, grassier, and with freakin paddle boats!The renovations the city completed turned this park into a magical oasis where you stumble upon baby ducks swimming through the lotus pads and see all types of people running, walking dogs, and riding bikes. What a beautiful resource for this community to have access to - so direly needed in our very urban neighborhood. The great part is that it's well lit at all times of day and you feel safe to walk around and enjoy the park (with friends and a picnic basket or even painting by the water.) It's also so refreshing to see the amount of volunteers and community members helping to keep the park clean and beautiful for years to come. Did you know the lake was established in the 1800s? Or that the giant fountain was created in honor of the Olympics held in Los Angeles in the 80s? So much cool history here, plenty of activities for all the family, and oh yeah, food vendors galore! Craving elote or street dogs? You'll definitely find them, or there's even a cafe at the boat docks. Echo Park Lake is easily becoming one of the best parks in LA.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,12/19/2013,437,115,21,26,20>I have to admit that I was very skeptical about The Boiling Crab for I had seen photos of people eating shrimp [drenched in red sauce], out of a clear plastic bag. No utensils. No plates. No wet hand wipes. The table [lined with fresh wax paper] is your plate and to eat, you use what yo' momma gave you: HANDS. It looked so disgusting and messy--not even the bib with the giant crab on it could make it look fun and appetizing to dine like a toddler. BUT my best friend had told me the food here is phenomenal. "Phenomenal, eh?" So I visited and tried everything she recommended:1.) 1lb of shrimp; the whole shabang, medium2.) Cajun fries, medium3.) Corn on the cob4.) Lemon pepper wings5.) THE BIB SOME FACTS:-Parking is the worst in Alhambra. Best of luck finding a spot if you're cheap like me and do not want o pay for valet/not getting robbed blind (ghetto)!-The wait time can range from 2 minutes (on a week day right when it opens until 4:30ish) to 1 hour, thus the large waiting area outside of the restaurant-You might get carried away drawing on the table with ketchup. -You. WILL. Be. Back.I absolutely adore this place. I highly recommend T.B.C. to anyone and everyone--even those who "do not like seafood." I was you once, before I discovered this gem. **BTW: IT IS fun eating like a toddler. Tis all.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,12/18/2013,344,120,21,26,23>I like coffee, no, let me rephrase this statement...I LOOOOVE COFFEE! Yelp and freedom of speech go hand in hand as many people can express their pseudo knowledge of coffee. With the millions of people who drink coffee, you will no doubtably have a million different opinions based on taste and preferences. Before we get started on my review, you need to be educated on the history of coffee:ncausa.org/i4a/pages/ind… outlines how coffee made its way to our cups. Also, just because you are from a certain part of the world, doesn't make you an expert (I'm of Chinese descent and I am NOT an expert on Chinese Cuisine!) To make my point, read this article:tmagazine.blogs.nytimes.…I have had the privilege to travel to many countries and had the opportunity to drink, espresso, latte and coffee in Spain, Italy, France, Greece, Turkey, Germany, Austria, Czech Republic, Hungary, Slovakia, Netherlands... just to name a few. I have found that the nicest coffees that were served was Illy, no matter where in Europe, it was consistent.What I like about G&B is that it is very reminiscent of the quality of espresso I had in Italy. The guys who started G&B finished 1st and 2nd places in the United States Barista Championships within the last few years. Quite impressive, I can tell you that they can probably pull a better shot than me or any "barista" at St**B**ks! G&B is a great little place within Grand Central Market and is quickly becoming a mecca for those in DTLA for coffee. I've had their espresso shot, almond cap, latte, sparkling tea, G&B shake and various pastries. I have not been disappointed! Yes, pricing is more than most are used to, but it's like getting a steak at Dennys and thinking that you'll pay the same at Ruth's Chris! Apples and Oranges people! I also like that G&B serves up their drinks in the clear glasses (by the way, the glasses are not ice cold, like one reviewer stated!) Bottom line, if you are not used to paying 5 Euros for coffee ($6.50 USD) you'll complain, if you're not used to sipping quality espresso drinks...you'll complain. So, if you just want to be critical because you are a self proclaimed coffee snob, please stay away so that I have room at the counter to enjoy my espresso!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2013,12/17/2013,400,253,22,30,24>I heard about Florida Restaurant from the wonderful Dan H. I have passed by it so many times and never went in. So when my friend Zee said she had never had Cuban food I decided Florida would be the place to go. I arrived kinda early and noticed the place was empty which kinda had me worried, but that soon changed as it became quite packed by the end of the night. I had a hard time deciding what I wanted as there were so many items on the menu that I wanted to try. Our server was quite patient with me and gave us extra time to decide as well as suggesting some things. After about 10 minutes or so Zee and I decided to order a couple different things in order to experience what Florida had to offer. We started with the sopa de siete mares to share. This is a very large dish and the server was nice enough to bring us two separate bowls which were very large! The broth had just enough spice to make you not want to stop eating this. This was by far my favorite dish of the night.yelp.com/biz_photos/flor…I decided to order the Enchilado de camaron which also comes with arroz blanco, frijoles y platanos. I really enjoyed the camarones and the platanos were definitely de-lish. I couldn't finish this and had to take more than half home.yelp.com/biz_photos/flor…yelp.com/biz_photos/flor…yelp.com/biz_photos/flor…Zee went with the oxtail. This dish was not spicy and very very tender. yelp.com/biz_photos/flor…Their portions are definitely large for the price and service was great. The booths are quite large and comfy. We were there so long that we practically closed the restaurant down! I definitely recommend Florida for some great Cuban food!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,12/16/2013,344,1062,15,17,15>What a beautiful garden. This review has been months in the making because I knew it would have to be long and semi-comprehensive. We came during spring and I understand that on the season and year we came, I might have a different experience had I visited at another time.When we came, there were plenty of parking and it was not too hot. Parking was free and general admission was $9.The entrance was absolutely charming. It took us a good 5 minutes to get in because we were too busy taking pictures of ourselves with all the pretty daffodils, variety of tulips, and wisteria at the entrance.With the entrance as "6 o'clock", we tried to explore the park in a counter-clockwise direction in order not to miss anything major.The Rose Pavillion area is very beautiful and a great area to rest, whip out those snacks and let the kids run free. It must be the wrong time for roses or something, although I thought they would be in bloom in March, but most of the bushes were not in bloom :(. The Rose Pavilion had...... weeping willows by the creek...... mini bridges...... wisteria (love wisteria)...... a large clean bathroom...... a gazebo...... several arches for climbing roses...... a fun, non-scary maze for the kids...Between the Rose Pavillion and the Mission Fountain is a path covered by a series of arches draped in various (ombre) colored wisteria. A great photo op especially if all the wisteria is in bloom, which they were not during my visit.The Mission Fountain is beautiful but not a great place to "picnic" because the sun is beating down on you directly.The Bird Observation Deck is very cool, especially compared to the Mission Fountain which is only a few minutes away.The waterfall is pretty but kinda smelly at the time of our visit. Super green too.The Mulberry Pond is very beautiful and a wonderful place to take photos.The Oak Forest is very cool... climate-wise and figuratively.The California Natives section is a great place to get ideas for beautiful plants that won't require too much water... if you ever want to convert your water hungry lawns.In this section is an open deck with two adirondacks with a fantastic view of the Sierra Nevada mountains... it IS the Sierra Nevada, right?The Redwood Rest is really cool. They have skulls of local fauna and I didn't realize foxes were that small!!! Cute place to whip out those sandwiches and take a break too. Very cool micro-climate, a few stairs to get up there though. But still pretty cool.Went through the Oak Forest where we came upon the super abundant camellias. Wow, so impressive! The variety, the color, the abundance, the beauty,... and even the ones that have fallen off and are lying down on the ground are beautiful... and photo worthy! It felt like a great home for the faeries... kinda magical.This feeling was reinforced when through a crack in between some trees, I saw a great big flowering cherry tree in the middle of a "meadow". Ok, yeah I know, now I'm in la-la land coz it was more like a lawn. LOL But this great big lawn has a stage and to one side is a tree-covered outdoor amphitheater. Perfect for a concert really... or maybe even a wedding?As we crossed to the other side of a path, we ended up at the Japanese Garden which was sooo awesome. It has a teahouse that actually serves tea and snacks normally. But not today. Again. I can really see the potential of this garden but a lot of stuff was working against me during my visit (flowers not in bloom, teahouse closed for the day...)Anywho, the Japanese Garden is so awesome. They have these tables set up for the teahouse but anyone can sit and relax and meditate by the pond... or the zen garden... or whip out those sandwiches again! And they even have the mini bridge over the koi pond. So pretty and so easy to get a good shot of this.The lilac garden was a super pleasant surprise and is very impressive. I fell in love with lilacs on this day.It is a bit confusing trying to get to the Boddy House using a trail but it is worth it. The exhibit on display at the time of our visit was about flowers everywhere and the murals, paintings and sculptures were inspiring.The house itself has a fully restored fully functioning kitchen and it was awesome! I wish I had that kitchen. I really don't need it, but I want it. LOLIt is also a good place to take a breather... and find out why their camellias are so impressive! Also, VERY NICE bathroom.As we were leaving, we found out that there is a tram that can take you there from the "bottom". Oh well, the hike "paid" for the whole bag of chips I devoured throughout my visit here. I hope...The sculptured flowering cherry blossoms near the entrance/exit is also pretty impressive. As were the "field" of tulips!!!! Pretty awesome! When I get the chance, I will paste the link of the photos I took.But before you leave, make sure you visit the gift store. Tons of pretty stuff! Now I'm out of space!!!!
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,12/15/2013,1437,651,24,25,19>Totally fun!!! Taking a dance class is something that I never thought I would ever do again - last time I was in dance I was in 7th grade, about 200 lbs, and cried when I had to dance in front of other people. My great friend Taylor decided that she wanted to give this class a shot (they had a $15 groupon) and talked me into it. I'll do anything for the promise of Margaritas. We were laughing and joking all the way there. Then when we got there and saw all the perfectly skinny b****es we began to feel a little bit nervous. We were joking about sticking to the back, our bellys jiggling, and not being able to get up off the floor. Lets just say compared to some of the women here we did not feel too sexy at the beginning (especially the blonde that was helping out with the class. She was like the definition of perfect). The instructors really put us at ease though. They let us know that this was not so much the "traditional" burlesque but moreso a CONTEMPORARY burlesque class - it was something different than I was expecting, but still amazingly fun!  The class was compiled of a small group of all women. There were bachelorette parties, small groups of friends, and some women who were really serious and you could tell that they were going to put their $15 to use and seriously get their freak on after that class. It was revitalizing to see that 95% of the class  showed up in sweatpants and tank tops - except for the few women that showed up in booty shorts. I'll say it once and I'll say it again. Skinny b****es ! We started off with some stretches and leg lifts. I had just gotten off an 8 hour shift of carrying around 30 lbs of gear and a kevlar vest so at times I felt like I couldn't lift my legs off the floor. There were stretches and moves that I hadn't done since high school cheer. Yet the instructors made sure to reiterate that everything was okay, and that everyone has their own level of what they are able to do and not feel bad. We learned some awesomely sexy moves such as the "sexy hair shake" (which I suppose only works if you've brushed your hair that day...), "sexy leg kicks" (think Bettie Page taking off her stockings), and the "sexy way to get off the floor" (arch your back and smile - always smile - scowling your face does not look sexy even though if you're out of shape like me your core will hurt!). We also did the sexy catwalk in groups of 3/4 across the room. Despite our best efforts Taylor and I were trying to stay together but we always ended up apart. It was fun to give ourselves kudos and complements as we strutted to some old school Britney. The fun part of the class came when we learned the burlesque dance. It had several 8 counts to it and was to a very, very, very sexy TLC song. There was booty shaking - hair flipping, leg spreading, tata shaking, and sexy strutting! It was super fun to learn and the instructors broke it down to nice simple combinations and went at the speed of the slowest person in the class (which was mostly me!). Although I am not very refined, and my version of "sexy" also included my knees cracking so loudly and me grunting when I was trying to get up that everyone erupted in laughter (even me!) I still had such an amazing time in this class. By the time the class had finished I had mastered (well in my mind....which is what counts!) a good portion of the dance and I felt a lot sexier than when I went in.  I really recommend it to any lady that would love to try it and trust me bring a friend, take some shots before hand, and you will have a seriously great time!
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,12/14/2013,334,325,10,15,14>I stopped into Pizza of Venice for a little lunch with my mum since PoV was having their soft opening today.I had already tried one offering from PoV when they debuted at the Altadena Farmers Market, and I was sold on the pizza product they put before me. This made me very eager to see them open up a spot in Altadena.The place is a bit stark right now and people's voices really fill the space, but the food is so fresh and good.  A couple menu items weren't present due to not having some of the ingredients for them, but that didn't mean there weren't good eats to be had.I sat down at the counter and ordered one meatball pizza and a wedge salad to split with my mum, and we left with great satisfaction and full bellies.Wedge Salad: Instead of bacon, the wedge salad comes sprinkled with a nice amount of their housemade pancetta. Iceberg lettuce, bleu cheese dressing, tomato, red onion, pancetta. The salad was not flooded with the dressing, thank goodness. Delicious.Meatball Pizza:  Housemade meatball, pecorino romano, tomato sauce, cilantro, onion confit. Savory and tasty.A bottle of water each to wash it down.The folks are really friendly, the food is very tasty. The menu is not huge, but the selections are wonderful. Even their contractor loved the pizza. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/13/2013,629,1325,15,21,18>Three words:Boar's Head Balogna. I used to get it from New York. I eat this balogna like popcorn.$9.99/lb... I ordered two pounds and I finished one pound within two days... I have one left. I made myself a sandwich for lunch today! :DRico is SO nice too. He ordered it just for me cuz I asked about it. He said if I were running late (they close at 7), just to call him and let him know!Seriously, awesome.PARKING: Street - hard to find parking. Public parking lots for $2-7
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,12/12/2013,436,626,14,17,17>I'm a Persian ice cream fiend..and it's an addiction I can't get over right now. Jafar hooked it up with some Perisan food education. Get the faloudeh with a scoop of ice cream. It's a common thing to do for the arabic and the like. Gotcha! So I went with the saffron with pistachio because it's too good and some faloudeh (icy rice noodles). Super yummy. I also tasted the herbal snow which is similar to the faloudeh. It has some sesames in it but no rice noodles, icy and yum. I'm def coming back when I'm in the hood.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/24/2013,12/11/2013,1259,718,17,22,18>Oh my GOODNESS! My first time eating Burmese food and I must say, I am IMPRESSED! Came here to try with a group of friends, and we couldn't help but get...Tea leaf salad: It came with an abundance of nuts, seeds, and other goodies. The tea leaves were fermented and salty-ish, and after all was mixed in, every bite was an explosion of FLAVAH! My friend thought it was a tad too salty, which it kinda was near the end, but I do love my sodium so I wasn't complaining! Garlic noodles: The noodles were fragrant and delicious, and the soup that came with it was light and VERY peppery (I love pepper!) The soup actually reminded me of the complimentary Korean soups that are sometimes given to you in korean restaurants due to the high amount of pepper that was sprinkled in there. The chicken was the only downfall, as it was a bit too firm and bf found it slightly dry. I would have expected a softer, easier-to-break-apart texture, but at least flavor was still there. There wasn't a whole lot of chicken in the noodle though (does NOT look like its picture!)Tapioca cake: I was surprised that it came warm, but the coconut milk on top was very fragrant and delicious. I think I tasted some condensed milk as well. The bottom was definitely tapioca--chewy and slightly sweet, though it became slightly firmer as it cooled down. Overall, it was a very cultural and unique experience for me and I definitely would like to come back to try more goodies, such as the pennyworth salad and the coconut jelly. I'd definitely want the other desserts too (the drink ones) but that would probably mean diabetes and obesity in my near future :(WILL BE BACK!! HOPEFULLY SOON!
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,12/10/2013,586,160,21,29,29>Holy crap! What more can I say about this place except this place is da bomb! If you are to order one thing from here: The Nita, Nita, Nita, Nita, Nita! (Update:Due to the overwhelming lines and demand for their delicious food, they have recently changed their menu to get the good people of Los Angeles in and out! Still very satisfying...but less line waiting! The Fairfax is my current favorite!)This is chef Alvin's brainchild after his huge success of the Eggslut food truck! He finally decided to make it permanent and official by opening his eatery here in the heart of downtown Los Angeles at the Grand Central Station. Lines here are long but sooooo worth it! Besides the delicious Nita, their "Egg salad" as well as "Thee Slut" are among my favorites!!!! The food here is clearly fresh and cutting edge! Each bite of one of Alvin's creations clearly makes you want to take another bite! The crowd here is energic and everyone in line clearly show signs of their anticipation of the sweet and savory flavors of Alvin's culinary creations! Come hungry so you don't feel bad ordering more than one item! See you here!
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,12/9/2013,301,398,13,20,15>Wolfe's is a small somewhat gourmet market in Claremont. They carry some nice food items but some of their items are pricey.  If I do stop in I usually go to the back of the store where they have a catering department with baked goods and hot food made to order and a good amount of cold prepared foods and salads.  Their pre made boxed salads are huge and delicious and freshly made every day and I love their house made balsamic dressing!  See Pics. (I went a little overboard with the picture taking).If you are in the mood for a cold sandwich look no further, their deli will whip up a restaurant worthy sandwich which is just as delicious as it is filling. One of their signature sandwiches is a cold meatloaf sandwich! They carry Boar's Head brand meats although they kick it up a notch and also roast their own tri tip, roast beef, and Shelton turkey breast in house every day!  It doesn't get fresher than that!  And, they are nice here, they will let you sample practically anything that you would like to taste.I tried a brownie today from a dessert platter which was purchased from Wolfe's.  The brownie selections which had a fudge topping  also came with additional toppings such as: mini toasted marshmallows and drizzled caramel, halved walnuts, and a crème de menthe/mint layer.  I don't remember the last time I tasted a brownie so good!  The brownie was very moist, rich and fudgy with out being too sweet or heavy...just yummy!
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,12/8/2013,790,272,16,25,20>Hanks's is one of the only real dive bars left Downtown (assuming Campers' Corner is a little too much of a dive for most people.)Other folks have aptly described the place, so I'll just say it's perfectly safe, perfectly cheap (by DT standards) and rarely packed.  It's the kind of place where all sorts of people who normally don't meet will collide at the same bar.  The wheelchair-bound senior, some blue collar workers, a random guy in a suit, a couple of 20-somethings from USC, and newer DT residents looking for something quite, quite different than 7 Grand or Silo or the Parish.King Eddy's was/is another fav dive (it's changed; although not as much as I feared.)Cole's was/is a fav (way back when it was a dive, and still now, when it's not.)And R.I.P. Craby Joe's (you were a lovely nuisance bar, and there is nothing left like you.)Hank's, please hang in there.  You're like one of my favorite toasts:Here's to us, and those like us.Damn few left!
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2013,12/7/2013,2068,194,13,18,15>Nestled amongst a dilapidated and fairly questionable neighborhood in North Hollywood, this hidden gem (I've always wanted to say that) is my new favorite place for Mexican Food.If you're driving by, the exterior matches the surrounding neighborhood. Most folks passing by wouldn't have a reason to even turn their heads to take note, "Hey that place looks good- I'll have to give it a try!" Nope. Not a chance of that happening.We only came here a few months ago because a friend invited us. Even then as we pulled into the dinky back-ally parking lot, I still had to check the Yelp status. There were over 500 reviews and a solid 4-star rating. So with that, I gathered my wits and my courage and ventured into the building.Once inside, you are transported to an old world/old west kind of atmosphere. The rustic decor, rusty wagon wheels, thick wooden chairs, giant wooden beams across the ceiling, low lighting, and broken tiles scattered across the walls give off a nice comfortable vibe.The staff we've encountered (over 5 visits) have always been prompt, attentive, and super genuine with their friendliness.The first thing you HAVE to do when eating here is to divide your meal in half! Trust me. You'll be as stuffed as a West Virginia taxidermist's mounted deer head. Eat half while you're here. Eat the second half tomorrow. (Did I make it clear that the portions are HUGE?!?)I'm making this too long. Final thoughts- prices are GREAT! (Kids meal with a drink is only $2.99!!!!) uh yeah all you parents out there KNOW that's unheard of.Overall taste and quality of the food is fantastic!Plus they totally hook you up with complimentary super delish bean dip and warm & crispy freshly made chips.I'll end it here. I think you get the idea that I'm fully impressed.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,12/6/2013,1152,1124,20,35,25>Practically growing up on Din Tai Fung food, I was excited to see another location open in the LA area. We drove out an extra 20 minutes, which is pretty out of the way as the original Arcadia location is about 10 minutes from my parents.Parking is available in the Americana parking structure, but the restaurant is a bit of a walk from the structure, so I recommend the free valet right in front on Brand. With either option, DTF validation gets you three hours free parking.Decor and interior design is upscale and catered to Caucasians. Although I can see it's appeal, it's a bit too fancy for me and I prefer the homely feel and familiarity of the original location.Visiting on grand opening night at 8:30 pm, the wait was unsurprisingly an hour long. However, we were seated immediately since my parents know the owners (thanks mom and dad!). We were quickly greeted and welcomed by our server. All servers here are non-Asian and/or English-speaking by the way, so there definitely won't be any language barriers.The menu is nearly identical to the other location, except for the prices being a smidgen higher, a selection of alcoholic beverages, and a $1 charge pp for hot tea. They do have a few dishes that are currently exclusive to the Americana location, such as the Truffle Dumplings and Pork & Shrimp Potstickers. However, both will be available in Arcadia soon.We ordered our usuals, plus the two new dishes mentioned above. Everything tasted the same as the other location, except for the spicy plates (Pork & Shrimp Spicy Wontons, Spicy Sesame Noodles, etc.) -- a lot more spicy here! The Truffle Dumplings had 5 per order and were delicious, however I'm not sure the price is justified (essentially $4.50 for each dumpling). The potstickers were deliciously crispy on the outside and definitely recommended. The owner also gave us complimentary grape slush for dessert, which was light and refreshing. Using fresh grapes, it tasted just like those Japanese gummy candies -- yum!Service is a lot better than the original location. Everyone was super friendly, including our server who was polite and attentive, but I prefer the more hands-off service that I'm used to in Arcadia.If you're closer to Glendale, have no fear and try this location as you'll get the same experience, if not better, as the original location.
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2013,12/5/2013,512,281,18,22,19>Wait, creme caramel is flan? Flan is creme caramel??! I had no idea. This is just like when I found out Einhorn was Finkel and Finkel was Einhorn in Ace Ventura. Well actually, I don't think they're exactly the same because flan seems to be more eggy, while creme caramel seems more creamy. And creme caramel isn't a man. Wait, I think I'm getting things confused. Dare I say I like creme caramel better?! If creme caramel normally tastes like this, then call me a traitor to my flan brotherhood.I'm not even exaggerating when I say the desserts at this place are mind-blowingly delicious. MIND-BLOWINGLY. That's not even a word, but that's what they are. I don't really go to farmer's markets so I had never heard of them before, but they just found a brick and mortar in my hood next to my laundromat, and my gah, what a FANTASTIC ADDITION to my food options! Also extremely dangerous because I have an hour to kill when I do my laundry. Which means every two weeks, it's GCL - Gym, Creme Caramel, Laundry. Which also means I have to tell my doctor that I may contract diabetes and there's nothing I can do about it. NOTHING. Creme Caramel LA is holding my sweet tooth hostage with a knife against my gumline. And their only demand is that I get fat! : (Their desserts are French and American classics that will amaze your palate, but many of the flavors have a Filipino twist, which is so unique. That cultural melding adds that special touch that makes this place really stand out. It's not a Filipino bakery/dessert place at all, but it takes just the right amount of inspiration from the culture's flavors to appeal to the masses! BRILLIANT! I was able to attend their pre-opening and had a chance to try a bunch of their desserts and their few savory items as well. The custards and bread pudding are fist-sized and range between $4 to $6. I would say it was pricey for the size normally, but these are SO damn good, I'll pay damnit! By far, my favorite was this ube (purple yam) custard/creme brulee thing with greek yogurt and graham cracker crumble on top. But the buko pandan creme caramel (basically coconut/pandan flavor and bright green in color!) and the banana/white chocolate bread pudding also put me in a heavenly place. You know the place I'm talking about, where you roll your eyes back and do the "possessed" face while making weird noises with your mouth. My poor mother will have to organize another effing sugar exorcism for me just like last time with the macarons. Ugh, what a mess. And the cussing! Their zucchini bread and kale/apple salad get some really high praise too. Their savory items seem to be pretty healthy, which is a nice balance to their rich desserts. I heard they will be doing breakfast items and sandwiches too, which I'm sure will be great. Oh, and their watermelon agua fresca and coconut horchata were amazing! The staff and owners were super-friendly and service was fantastic and helpful. The space is small but cute and they sell a whole bunch of other local vendor products. There is free parking in the back from this tiny driveway off of Burbank Blvd, a little east of Kester. Just walk through the laundromat to get to the street, as I'm not sure Creme Caramel LA has a back door entrance from the parking lot. Oh, and since everyone posts pictures of the same food, I've posted pics of the place/environs. I always like to know what a place looks like! So check it out, it's worth it! And maybe we can have a double sugar exorcism together!
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,12/4/2013,23,90,,65,62>I have worked with Isai in the past for tax advice, and the other reviews are 100% on par with my feelings about Isai and Bismark Tax.  Isai is as good as it gets when it comes to an attorney who understands taxes, and the laws surrounding them.  He works hard for his customers!Isai is patient, and is great at explaining laws and ways he can help you, whatever your situation might be.  Don't waste your time with a tax attorney that will waste your time.  Call Isai today!
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2013,12/3/2013,476,584,25,30,25>I discovered Flour + Tea through the Yelp Elite event at the Pacific Asia Museum!! I was in love with their black milk tea, but I didn't want to write a review based on FREE samples. I felt like it was too biased. Since then, I have visited their shop twice now and I can honestly say this is definitely one of my FAVORITE tea shops of all times :D every time I'm in Pasadena, I come here!! The shop is conveniently located next to a parking structure, so that's a plus because it's always a pain to find parking in pasadena. It takes less than a minute to walk over to the storefront. When you open the door, you'll notice how the decor is SO ADORABLE. There's a big table in the center for large groups and a few small tables on the edges. Sometimes I even see college students studying here!! The MUST HAVES are the: .::black milk tea::. -- I get this every time! I'm always craving this stuff and I go to lollicup or tapioca express, and I leave pretty unsatisfied :( somehow Flour + Tea has figured out the perfect balance between the milk and the tea!! .::taro bun::. -- Their little buns are so cutely package and they're also YUMMY!! They're soft and moist, and just sweet enough to be a dessert-like pastry but the sweetness is not overbearing. .::red velvet cake::. -- Not a traditional red velvet. This red velvet cake is light and fluffy and only mild sweet. I think it's healthier?? haha who knows, but still beautifully presented and delicious!! .::strawberry chiffon cake::. -- YOU MUST GET THIS!! It is SO DELICIOUS :D I loved it so much I got a portion togo for my friend and it totally cheered her up from a depressing evening. Delicious desserts are a remedy to broken hearts!! I will definitely come back and try out some macaroons and the tiramisu was eyeing last time :D and SHOUT OUT to the owner!! He's a super chill guy who let us sample a bunch of stuff at his shop since we were there late one night and we told him we were visiting from "far" LOL!! Hope I'll be back in Pasadena soon to try more yummy pastries, desserts, and tea!!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,12/2/2013,782,622,16,21,18>The Cranberry Walnut Bread is my all time favorite.  You can eat it by itself or with cheese. I just love it!  Today's visit was to pick up some pastries for my office breakfast. They have everything from croissants, danishes to cinnamon rolls. The average price was around $3. A good sign is when you see a celebrity chef buying bread there as a patron. Roy Choi was there picking up a few things. If you are a foodie from LA, I shouldn't have to explain who he is. Nevertheless my office staff enjoyed the pastries which wasn't a surprise. Their stuff is top notch and their staff are so helpful and awesome. I wish I lived closer so I can go more often.
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/2/2013,12/1/2013,395,24,18,22,23>Love coming here for the shaved snow. They have a pretty extensive list of flavors. I've tried the original, green tea, vietnamese coffee, taro, durian, and guava. They all tasted like what you would expected it to be.FLAVORSOriginal - You can't go wrong with getting the original if it's your first time. It's pretty much like a milk-type flavored shaved snow. Vietnamese coffee - This was on the strong side for me. It literally tasted like vietnamese coffee. If you were to freeze your vietnamese coffee drink in an ice cube tray, then blended it (so it's not an ice coffee cube) and ate it, this is pretty much what it tasted like. So if you're in the mood to eat your coffee instead of drinking it, this is probably perfect for you. Taro - Definitely one of my favorites. It is rich in taro flavor and not too sweet. Green tea - Pretty much like what I said about taro. Rich in flavor and not too sweet.Durian - The other one that was on the top of my list. It really does taste like the fruit, just iced. You can't go wrong with this flavor if you're a durian lover.Guava - I was skeptical about trying this flavor. Boy was I surprised. If you have tried the Kern's guava juice, this is exactly what it tasted like. It was a good tasting flavor but having it in the texture of shaved snow was kind of weird. It wasn't bad though.Thai Tea - The newest flavor that I've tried. Definitely tasted exactly like thai tea. Got it with them rice balls and it's like drinking thai tea with boba, except you're eating it with giant boba lol. The first half of it was amazing, but when I got half way through, I was overwhelmed with the rich flavor. TOPPINGSRice balls - If you love mochi, try the rice balls. Definitely one of my favorite toppings. They are chewy and a lot bigger than mochi. It's probably double the size of a one boba, or slightly bigger.  Bigger is better! Who doesn't love big, chewy balls?Egg pudding - Another topping that goes pretty well with shaved snow. My sister ordered it, and I thought "Really? On shaved snow? It's better in boba drinks." Boy was I wrong. Now I always want egg pudding with my shaved show.Strawberries - Fresh. Most importantly, NOT sour!Don't forget to add the condensed milk!! If they didn't add enough, there are bottles of condensed milk at the very end of the counter, to the right of the register.If you get a regular size, you get to choose 2 toppings. Get the large size and you get to choose 3 toppings. I believe each additional toppings are $1.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2013,11/30/2013,1388,397,20,24,20>I have been walking by daily...for months...pressing my face against the window...chanting "open, open, open!" Well, thankfully Coolhaus is finally open and it is fabulous! There was a large selection of flavors in the case along with several cookie choices, including my favorite gluten free coconut almond cookie which I had with another favorite, the chicken and waffles ice cream. The staff was very friendly and efficient.Looks like I am going to have to seriously up my cardio with this delicious ice cream so close to home.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2013,11/29/2013,322,190,17,31,19>At $395 per person, you get an unbelievable experience, innovative and top-notch food, and the best service you can imagine.  This place does truly raise the bar for all other sushi restaurants.  I was pleasantly surprised by how unpretentious Chef Hiro and the waitresses were.  They are truly dedicated to making sure you get your money's worth.  They have changed the rules and do not allow taking pictures of the food (only of people); however, they made an exception for the beautiful sashimi course on top of an ice sculpture.Since most of the reviews are quite repetitive on how amazing everything was, I don't think I need to reiterate.   I will focus my review on the not-so-good.  I found sprinkling gold on everything to be a bit of a waste (makes more sense to lower the cost per person and take away the aesthetic pleasure of gold flakes everywhere) and the unknown cost of the $45 bottle of water was quite deceitful and unreasonable.  You're better off declining water and ordering alcohol for that price.  Also, the only dish that I was impartial about was the beef tartare with caviar. It was a bit too sweet which masked the taste of the caviar.  Besides those few gripes, everything was absolutely exceptional.  The parking for this restaurant is located inside a parking structure and they do offer valet and validation.  Make a reservations months in advance or try your luck with last-minute cancellations.  They offer two seating times Tues-Sat.  This restaurant is definitely worth at least one visit in your lifetime!
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2013,11/28/2013,115,105,10,17,12>This place is probably reason 1001 why I love yelp. I probably would of NEVER EVER stepped foot in this place if not for the awesome yelp reviews, and seeing as I've become quite an active yelper I've decided to trust in my fellow yelp buddies and step foot into this old school mom and pop hair salon.*note to all this is not a high end trendy place, more like a place your mom and dad would go to (but now I know why)Price is awesome I must say, I called in first to ask for pricing and to get a full color dye job it was 40 or 45, I forget. But upon hearing those prices I decided hey well why not, if they mess up I'll just go to my usual place fork out a crap ton of money for them to fix my hair; I mean it normally cost me a crap ton regardless. Upon arrive at the location I entered the parking structure and took the elevator to the second floor. Stepped into the salon and felt anxiety and regret hit me in the face, no pictures of this place so I didn't know what I was stepping into. No greetings or acknowledgment from any workers, it made me want to run out and go to my usual hair salon but I stuck with it and waited patiently as I took up a magazine from their magazine rack and scanned through some Japanese hair magazine and my eyes landed on a photo of the hair color and style i ended up liking, and finally someone came to greet me. He was some awkward middle aged man and I showed him the picture of the hair color I wanted and he told hmm....no no cannot do sorry. (this is why I wrote my angry tip). And I was like f*** and kept insisting and insisting on this brown hair, and he also kept giving me the same answer. He finally decided we were going nowhere and showed me a picture of this lady with natural dark hair and my immediate reaction was F*** no, though that isn't what I said. I finally gave in for the following reasons 1. I had a job interview later on the day and its best to not have sandy blonde hair with about 1 1/2 inch roots sticking out (natural is better) 2. The expensive places I go to and ask for a color they also tell me no. I get told No even when I'm forking over several bills so hey okay sure. Anywyas long story short I was skeptical throughtout the whole dye process that took 2 hours long (he was super meticulous about the whole thing) and up to the wash I was super sad about having dark boring hair. That was until he dried it and OMG was I a happy camper. The cut and dye job that ended up to being $69 was awesome and I was just all smiles after. Name of my stylist??? Yuji Okamoto.THANK YOU THANK YOU YUJI OKAMOTO!!!! (looked at his license to figure that out...stalker much?)Though they are not talkative because they do not speak english and would make you feel awkward but the look in my stylist eyes after he finished styling my hair was genuine happiness. He was so happy about his work. I have NEVER ONCE seen that look on a stylist, more like gosh I'm so glad I'm done with your hair that was horrible to manage. All in all great stylist great prices and I already convinced my sister to come here! Paid for my parking and what else can I say when I was in pure bliss afterwards. Was so happy tipped 30% and my hair cut and dye job plus tips was still not HALF what I normally have to pay so happiness doesn't even begin to describe how I feel, because my wallet was happy too keeping that money in!Anyways people do come here for a dye or a hair cut you won't be disappointed, and go get Yuji-san or not because I don't want him to be booked and then I'll be screwed.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2013,11/27/2013,802,369,28,34,34>"Hole in the wall" If I get paid a million bucks every time I say this, I swear, by now, I'm probably a billionaire. More often than not, some of the best dishes and culinary surprises comes from the stark & modest little places in your neighborhood. By word of mouth was how I heard about the place and I'm really glad we went out and tried it."Kusina Filipina"  in my own personal perspective could easily translate as a Filipino Mom or Gramma's kitchen (where the food is always seasoned with love) They serve traditional dishes (and comfort food) infused with their own style and regional flavors, keeping the authenticity but upping the level of quality and taste ( which of course everyone could appreciate) I absolutely enjoyed the food we ordered, so now I am dishing out "the dish" ;)The Crispy "Binagoongan" caught my attention from the get go, deep fried pork cubes garnished with a generous amount of fresh diced mangoes, onions and tomato (like a chutney but more like a salad), the pork was prepared beautifully and cut bite size for your enjoyment, a flavorful thick shrimp paste sauce sightly blankets this dish which I have to say really works well with the fresh chutney and the deep fried deliciousness, a real thumbs up, it could work as a deep fried comfort food or a meal on its own. The Beef "Bulalo" soup - It is almost a sin to not order this traditional beef soup, Kusina Filipina gave justice to the wonderful  beef & marrow broth, a bowl of well seasoned soup with very tender beef (to the point that it was falling off the bone) bok-choy, cabbage and corn on the cob, It was simply divine.We also tried a dish called "Dinakdakan" I love this tiny strips of grilled pork sautéed in green onions, jalapeño and some sort of creamy buttery sauce (which I'm still trying to figure out what - coconut milk maybe?)  served with a steaming scoop of rice, the "Dinakdakan" proved to be a hit!Last but definitely not the least, The Seafood "Bicol" Express was the hit sensation of the night. This fiery, delicious bowl of Shrimp, Fish, Squid, Mussels and jalapeño (in coconut milk?) definitely got my attention, amidst all the huffin, puffin and snot (it was nice and spicy) I absolutely enjoyed every spoonful of this dish.It was an awesome Friday night family dinner, wonderful food and great company. The restaurant owner, "Kuya Jun" was amazing, always making sure that everything was okay, He was very attentive and made us feel at home. I highly recommend this place, however, do not expect a white table cloth fine dining experience, I have to reiterate the amazing "hole in the wall" We came here for the food...and amazing food we got! I am hoping that they keep the quality of their food top notch and customer service always at its best, with a very few Filipino restaurants in the area, I am glad that "Kusina Filipina" is stepping in on that very important plate, serving exceptional Filipino cuisine that they should be very proud of."Salamat po!"
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2013,11/26/2013,232,465,8,24,11>Starry Kitchen never fails to amaze! And at their new permanent location, they have done it again! This is their new permanent location in the heart of Chinatown. There's a Bruce Lee statute right out front. And the owner, Nguyen, told us that he's going to reserve the right to refuse service to those who don't take a picture with the Bruce Lee statute. I went with a group of 8 people for a farewell party for one of our friends. Since it was only the 4th day that Starry Kitchen took over Grand Star, a lot of things on their menu were not available as they were trying to get use to the new location and to improve on their current recipes. But what was available to order was amazing!!Garlic Noodles - Its now "mo garlicky" than ever as the menu says. Full of garlic aroma and taste, this would go well with the sauce in the Singaporean Chili Crab. Pork Belly Fried Rice - Big chunky pieces of pork belly mixed in with corn, garlic cloves, bell peppers in a fried rice. The corn definitely gave it the crispness to the whole dish, and a refreshing sweetness that brought all the flavors together. Love the extra black pepper in the fried rice that gave it an extra kick!Soy Sauce Ginger Braised Pork Belly - Super tender and not overly fatty. The flavors of the sauce were great to eat with the fried rice. Singaporean Chili Crab - Now here's the star of the show. This has a great kick to it, so it is definitely not for the weak. If you can't handle spiciness, then maybe its best to avoid it. But if you love your spicy foods, this is perfect. The crab was super meaty and had that seafood sweetness to it (sign of a fresh crab). It came with beer batter beignets for you to soak up all that sauce. My only comment is that the beignets were a bit too dense to soak up any sauce. And if you want to try this, you got to call in ahead of time to preorder it! Food was amazing. Service was amazing. Waiters were fun and attentive. Great new gig Starry Kitchen!! They seem to be figuring out how to settle into this place and make it a unique dining experience. So for now, they haven't remodeled or updated anything in this place. Not sure what they will do to the place, but can't wait to check them out again when the full menu comes back with new items!Parking: There's a lot right outside off of Broadway which costs $5. Lots of street metered parking which become free after 8pm. FYI, the meters on Broadway cost $3/hr but the ones on the side streets only cost $1.50/hr.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,11/25/2013,973,650,15,18,17>Ok, How have i lived in Los Angeles for thirteen years and never heard of The Griddle? Hello?!? somebody revoke my Angeleno bragging rights NOW!But seriously, bottom line, This is the magic of this city; the most popular in-the-know locales are hush-hush, tucked away, you might drive by them every day and would never know they were right under your nose. That's what makes this city so cool and what makes Yelp so valuable.We went on a Sunday and lets just say the most powerful man in Los Angeles was hosting the door and handling the hour wait to be seated and crowd of hungry Angelenos and tourists that gathered around the Directors guild in the heat hoping to hear their name and be ushered inside.Side Note: pretty girls get quoted shorter wait times which is totally ok since the most powerful man in Los Angeles is offsetting patriarchy and giving us back a little equality for all the chauvinistic bullshit we have to put up with on the day to day.We waited but 10 minutes and were escorted to the bar where a super hot server with a bit of an attitude took our order. The fiesta eggs, Addicted to Noisella French Toast and the Golden Ticket Pancake. We also shared a side of chips and salsa. Note: you can order just ONE pancake! You don't need a whole stack-even a short stack will be too much food as the portions are humongous.The coffee is full-bodied and flavorful. French press, no refills. The eggs were delicious, the golden ticket was equally lovely, the Nutella French toast was good but just ok- the saving grace was the Nutella, the French toast was actually just average. The chips were incredible! Who knew that a breakfast diner would have such a good order of mexican chips!Good fast service. Free parking.
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2013,11/24/2013,634,401,13,23,17>I was really excited when I first saw pictures and reviews of this place. An upscale brunch/fusion restaurant located in Temple City? It's definitely something different and new to try. If you're driving down Las Tunas, it can be hard to miss as it's right before Temple City Blvd. and after Camellia in the Wells Fargo plaza. It looks pretty small from the front, but the restaurant itself runs pretty deep with three sections (a bar area/tables on an elevated flooring, an outdoor patio in the middle of the restaurant that's open in the ceiling area, and an indoor dining area). Since it's still the soft opening, they have paper menus with all their appetizers, main dishes, drinks, etc. I actually thought they served brunch at a specific time, and then dinner at a specific time, but the menu stays the same throughout the day, as do the prices. I'm not sure if portions are bigger or if maybe dinner you don't get to pick two appetizers? Anyway, there aren't as many brunch choices as I expected - Salmon Benedict, Lobster Benedict, and Terriyaki Chicken Benedict, and then a quesadilla choice and other meat choices. Prices seemed a bit high for me still, so I opted for the Japanese Burger after asking the waiter for his recommendation between the burger and the maple chicken. Food: I think the Benedict choices were good as everybody seemed happy with either the salmon or lobster egg dishes. They came with some tortilla chips and two sides. I tried the salmon and it tasted really fresh with a good amount of salmon on it. And the presentation was really pretty, with lots of bright and vibrant colors. The sweet corn was a great side-dish. For my Japanese Burger ... I guess I didn't expect a meat patty on top of brown rice with a sunny side egg on top. I did see other reviewers recommend this, but I regret choosing this dish. For one thing, the patty didn't have much taste at all. It wasn't too salty, but it wasn't flavorful. It was bland, so eating it with the brown rice just gave me an overall bland feeling about the dish. The dish also came with a vinaigrette salad, but the sauce was too sour for my liking. The egg salad was nothing special, and the fresh fruit on my plate mixed with the Japanese Burger's sauce, so the watermelon slices were coated with some salty liquid. We also ordered Parmesan-Garlic tater tots. The presentation was really nice, in a little frying basket. There wasn't really a Parmesan-garlic taste, but I did think the tater tots tasted nice. Fried potatoes in a tater tot form are always good, and they did fry it spot on. Crispy on the outside, and inside still soft. Drinks: I personally think the juices are priced a little too high, but they do do coffee art, which elevates the coffee a bit. My boyfriend's sister ordered a hot latte for $4.5. The mug was pretty big with a pretty heart on top and she said it tasted fine. My boyfriend ordered apple juice - not sure how much that cost as the menu says "create your cold-pressed juice" $6 ... but I thought it didn't taste like apple juice. It had a more cider-y molasses taste to the apple juice. It wasn't as light as I expected it to be, but he liked it. His friend ordered a yogurt green tea and was quite disappointed. No yogurt taste at all, but a waiter quickly took it and they fixed it up so it tasted better the second time around. Service: It was really good service. I think everybody's still getting the hang of things, but they didn't hover too much and came by every so often to ask if we wanted refills or plates cleared. The owner seemed to still be making sure everything is looking nice and he kept walking around - shows he cares about how the customers think. But, the food took more than 30 minutes to arrive, and they had forgotten to put in the order for the tater tots!Ambiance: I really liked the feel to Urspace. I think it's something Temple City lacked and definitely needed, so it brings something new to the city. I can see this place getting crowded in the near future. I almost don't want to share it because I feel like there will be crowds lining up just to eat here! It's definitely a cute date place or hang out place if you want to grab a bite to eat. Patios have benches so if you have a bigger party, you can sit there.Like I said, the biggest con would be the prices. I'm not sure if once they have the grand opening, the dishes will no longer come with the side dishes and will resort back to being $2 each. Or maybe the dishes will have bigger side dishes? Or maybe the two additional side dishes are just for lunch?They accept credit cards only if bill is over $10. We ended up eating about $100 for five people, but because of the 25% off, it was about $75. tl;dr: Definitely take advantage of their soft opening and try this place out for yourself! I would recommend the Benedicts or the steak or rib dishes over the Japanese hamburger dish. Food takes quite awhile before it arrives out of kitchen.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,11/23/2013,1472,495,17,21,18>One word: TranscendentI am startled that there are so many one and two star reviews for this adorable little restaurant because, frankly, this place is the shit. First of all, the decor and ambiance are fantastic.  It is clear upon entering that this is a high end craft restaurant.  First, from the decor, and next from the very professional and organized staff.  I was able to get a Wednesday night reservation and my date and I were seated at the counter.  We were able to watch the chefs work their art, but also I was impressed with how the wait staff were so informed and hands and worked with the kitchen to get the plates out.  Aloof? Hardly. The wait staff were the perfect balance of attentive without being overbearing.  However, the word I started this review with wasn't referring to the waitstaff, it was about the food.  Oh dear, the food.Now let me start with this - it's a pricey french place.  If you think you'll be leaving here stuffed to the gills you are obviously a rookie and haven't got a lot of experience in the fine dining sphere.  Yelp has menus with prices and pictures posted, c'mon kid, do your research.  As someone who knows what's up, I thought the quality was equal to the price but I knew we weren't leaving there under 100 bucks. I will say I thought it was worth it - but know I have dropped 3 bills on my own meal before and thought the same...that's a personal thing.But price aside, the dishes were artistic, flavorful and delicious.Knowing we were going to the movies afterwards and not wanting to be too full, we shared a few plates and I enjoyed every one.First was the onion salad (it had another name that escapes me).  I love onions and the addition of persimmons was a perfect balance of flavors.  Next the uni toast.  I love uni, carbs and caviar so this was a win win win for me.  The toast was a bit thick, but I think it was balanced with the brine of the uni and burrata.We also got the chicken liver toast.  I know, I know, why get both toasts BECAUSE I LOVE UNI AND CHICKEN LIVER - THAT"S WHY!!! And lemme tell you, as a person who orders liver whenever it is on the menu, I can say with the utmost certainty that this is the best chicken liver mousse I've had. Enough of that metallic livery taste with out being overpowering.  And with a perfectly smooth texture that is amazing.  not to mention the sweet jam that counter balances the salt of the liver perfectly.  Le swoon y'all.Next was the grits.  Grits with mushrooms and brussel sprouts, pickled peanuts and fried egg.  Oh my! Both my date and I were practically licking the plate.And lastly, the steak.  Perfectly cooked, pared with asparagus and well seasoned.  I was so happy when we left Alma that I know I will be going back, albeit with friends who also love a fine dining experience and don't mind spending three dollar signs to do it.
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,11/22/2013,280,134,11,15,13>A hidden gem---is a bit of an understatement. (Thank you Cydney M. for reviewing it so I was able to find it). ;)**Parking** Parked in a 3 hour zone parking lot down the street from it, on the same side of Glendale Community College on the right).**Atmosphere**Loved the whole feel to it-the patio area is fab! So pretty and romantic for those of you who want to find a perfect place for a date night. I went on a particular night where they had music and Spanish dancers and it just added to the whole ambiance that much more. I wish they had more singing tied with the dancing but it was nice none the less. They play every other Saturday from what I was told (but do check with them to confirm). I gave them 4 stars alone for the ambiance and decor.***Food and Drink***I ordered the sangria. I love sangrias so I am a bit bias but it was really good! I think a pitcher was around 27 bucks if your in a group. Food was okay. It was affordable but I would not say it was the best. We ordered small plates and we got olives and bread to start. If I come back I want to try their Charcuterie plate (saw a couple order it and she laughed at me (my face must have said, dang! I should have ordered that). If I go again, I will most def order this. It was an array of cheeses, meats, almonds. Looked so good! We ordered the following plates:-house salad-it was good, but it was just missing something...-meatballs--eh, just your typical meat balls-mussels and clams-I liked this one plus they offered bread so you can dip with the sauce from the mussels and clams which was pretty good. All in all, relaxing, fun, vibrant atmosphere. I would def recommend to try esp. on a show night if your looking for a nice, different evening out.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,11/20/2013,439,104,38,40,37>Ahh Sundance Cinemas, you had me at hello. And beer. Don't forget the beer.Nothing like drinking a draft IPA while catching a small indie flick. I felt like a little kid. OOohh! Beer! Oohhh I can order edamame?? OOhh!! There is space to put my stuff next to the seat! And the grown up in me appreciated the 21+ requirement and the cleanliness of the theater. And the draft beer.My only (minor) gripe was that soda was $5.50 and my beer was $6. I thought the price of soda was a bit crazy. My overall opinion is this place is total awesome sauce. Way to make a theater grown up!The end.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,11/19/2013,1527,888,16,24,23>My son and I had just grabbed breakie next door to Ferrari and I remembered the great reviews so I told myself this would be the perfect store to pick up a little gift for someone since I wanted to tie it into the olive oil theme, and what better gift than a bottle of olive oil itself! I felt the blood orange was a fantastic choice for my selection (and gift theme). I will certainly return to pick up other bottles. I sampled a few olive oils and balsamics - all were great, even the unique flavors.Their prices are reasonable and I received the 10% discount with Yelp check-in, sweet!
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2013,11/18/2013,414,1073,16,14,15>The concept of Donut Friend is appealing on its own - you have a choice of five different donuts (including baked, gluten-free, and vegan) and roughly 50 toppings, glazes, and fillings, ranging from the obvious (sprinkles, chocolate, custard) to the more unusual (a variety of cheeses, spices, balsamic reduction)(and yes, bacon. Can we be OVER bacon already? I'm sick of hearing about it!) - and your chosen combination will be made before your eyes, kinda like at Subway: your donut artist slides your treat down a counter as you pick out what you want from the bins of additions. If you're overwhelmed by all the choices, they also have signature donuts, combinations they've deemed excellent, and you can simply order one of those (although I'm sure you can do a little customizing on that too, ex. leave off the mint sprig, more candied orange please).The signature donuts are the reason I was dying to go. Yes, because they look friggin' delicious, but also, for those of you with a heart for college radio/indie bands/etc., this is YOUR PLACE. Donut titles like Fudgegazi and Jets to Basil make me laugh out loud (GG Almond almost does, but GG Allin himself disgusts me and then I just get sad). A shirt with "Rites of Sprinkles," and a design directly spoofing the band Rites of Spring's self-titled album's cover, is available for purchase. The shirt made my jaw drop at the awesomeness. The store was founded by a member of Drive Like Jehu. I've been a DJ at KSPC Claremont for fourteen years...what more could I want in the way of desserts than a place that understands my needs and interests? For the record (no pun intended), despite the store's blog saying they tested employees on indie bands, that didn't happen. I asked. Then I was disappointed. Like everyone else who's reviewed so far, I made it in for the soft opening, and at 9:45a on a Thursday they were fairly busy, although I only had to wait in line for a minute (just like Subway, they make your donut and THEN you pay, so don't go straight to the register). I could see how the line could get backed up pretty quickly while people debate their options, so go in prepared with patience. Maybe discuss DC hardcore or your last visit to The Smell with your fellow patrons while you're in line (THIS WILL NOT STOP BEING FUNNY TO ME). The employees were all nice, although seemed flustered, and I was surprised at the register when the woman rang up my donut a dollar cheaper than on the menu board; I asked and she said they're still adjusting prices. Should you do the customizable donut, I can see your creation adding up very quickly, because of course you'll want to put lots of stuff on it (although then, much like at Yogurtland, you'll probably find your aesthetic and not go all crazy). Since I'd arrived during a not-packed time, I was able to find a seat at the bar that runs the length of the store under the adorable Saelee Oh(!!!) mural (wasn't referencing !!! the band, there), Instagram my donut (I'll admit it), and then chow down with the conveniently-provided forks and knives. I'd ordered The Starting Lime (regular donut with sugar glaze, graham cracker crumbs, filled with lime custard) and due to the mushy innards, my donut ended up oozing everywhere, which made the fork and knife pretty necessary; it's also kinda nice to eat it that way instead of simply scarfing down the donut and not appreciating it, which I'd think would be extra important for a donut with quince jam or something fancy.In the back of the store next to the restroom, there's a filtered water tap plus cups if you'd like to wash down the sugar but aren't into anything in the case with various drinks nearby. I'm kind of afraid to go in the future unless I can hit Donut Friend right on opening, due to everyone's mentions of ridiculous lines, which I assume will continue for some time, but there's no way I won't be back. And, should the line seem unbearable, Scoops is next door. This is my new sugar junkie neighborhood. Jesus (Lizard) help me.*and upon being granted a ROTD spot, I realized I've neglected to update that I've tried a bunch of donuts and every one was delicious!
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2013,11/17/2013,2310,316,11,18,14>***Ink's MOP ( Meal in One Pic)***yelp.com/biz_photos/ink-…*************************************4.9 starsInk. is the most innovative, creative and interesting restaurant in Los Angeles. Every plate is unique and puzzling. The modernist techniques are mastered and controlled by Michael Voltaggio. The meal is not a modernist experience but more an hybrid between tapas, californian, and modernist cuisines. Every bite is a surprise in taste, texture, and flavors. Some  dishes are so interactive and fun that it will procure you an overwhelming satisfaction before even reaching your mouth.It is a true multidimensional sensory experience.We tried:Beef tartareyelp.com/biz_photos/ink-…A visually powerful dish. The cracker style rye bread divides the plate in compartments, each of them covered in white horseradish snow. The red of the beef and the dark green of the sea bean chimichurri is barely noticeable. The first bite is magic. The snow horseradish is cold, spicy, tangy,and sharp. It reveals the thinly chopped beef and the well balance chimichurri. Constructing an open face bite of horseradish+ beef+chimichurri on top of the rye cracker is entertaining and delicious.Gnocchi with mushroomsyelp.com/biz_photos/ink-…Flabbergasting dish! I At first glance, it seems to be a typical cylindrical gnocchis with mushrooms. The waiter indicates that the gnocchi should be taken whole to your mouth , no cutting. The effect is sensational. The gnocchis are not filled ( with potatoes) but with warm and gooey  egg yolk ! It bursts into your mouth with a heavy cream/scream of  joy. Umami is created when the gnocchis are paired with the brown butter, and the hen of the woods.Soft shell crabyelp.com/biz_photos/ink-…Heavily battered and fried soft shell crab, tucked in between two sea bun with pickled veggies and a  miso mayo.The bread was delicious and probably the best match for the crab. The crab was nicely cooked. The batter was a little thick but did not overpower the taste of the crab.Halibut yelp.com/biz_photos/ink-…halibut, liquid falafel, greek yogurt, sumac onionsIt was a large monolithic white piece of fish topped with beautiful pink. The cucumbers and the eggplant went well with the fish and the greek yogurt. The fish was starting to be a little bit overcooked but the waiting staff have to be blamed as the dish sat too long under the heat lamps. The liquid falafel looked like the typical middle eastern balls but the inside was a creamy green liquid that tasted like... falafel. Another surprising eye candy.Lamb bellyyelp.com/biz_photos/ink-…A visually stunning dish. The powerful line of garlic ricotta delimited the plate from the lamb belly. The mushroom hay was just fried mushrooms but it went well with the lamb. The crust on both sides of the lamb belly was thick and crunchy. It led to a juicy meat part. The flavor was not as powerful as a typical lamb flavor. It was more similar to pork belly.Semifreddo yelp.com/biz_photos/ink-…An unbelievable creation! Just listening to the waiter describe this dessert will trigger your interest. It is complex and difficult to explain. Some green and cold apple balls surround a caramel patty with roasted and candied walnut topped with a  burnt wood semifreddo. The semifreddo has a heavy crust ( due to liquid nitrogen dipping). The waiter advised to break it open with the spoon. Grab your weapon and  shatter the semifreddo white ball with the back of your spoon. The balls pops open revealing its internal void. What a fun way to start the dessert course.  Not only this dessert is fun it is also a pleasure to your palate. The semifreddo is cool and creamy, the caramel is sweet with hints of bitterness. The walnuts are crunchy. It is not a one dimension dessert but a complete 3-D experience.Trois Mec and Ink. have the most exhilarating menus in Los Angeles. Making a decision to go to one or the other is difficult. Ink. surpasses Trois Mec in presentation, and creativity. It is also easier to make a reservation at Ink. and it is a tad less expensive. At Trois Mec the service is better, and the  experience more intimate. The pairing menu is well balance. Ludo creates modern dishes without modernist technique. If the venue was smaller and the staff better Ink will be a solid 5.I could go back tomorrow to order the same dishes at Ink. I will wait 6 months to go back to Trois Mec so the menu be more interesting (less veggie-centric)
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,11/16/2013,3694,383,18,18,24>Awesome Space!!!!Memorial Day weekend was a blast as I came here for a birthday party during the lunch hours. I had ordered the burger with fries and was surprisingly still hungry so I ordered a pretzel and then was satisfied!GRB Burger that consists of ground angus beef, frisee lettuce, caramelized onions, sun-dried tomatoes, bacon, aged white cheddar on a brioche bun with Fries - 7/10 The burger was built up big but the protein could've been bigger in my eyes because I was still hungry.Vegan Bavarian style Pretzel with spicy dijon mustard and a pimento cheese dip - 9/10 This was delicious although I wasn't a fan of the spicy dijon mustard, that's just me but I did love the pimento cheese dip!!!I had a delicious Dark Brew which was called "Get Up Offa That Brown!" 8/10 It's a 2 row malt, crystal malt, victory malt, chocolate malt, rauch malt. The brown ale has added trace amounts of smoked malt to build a toasty complexity, balanced by rich notes of caramel and chocolate. Mighty fine brew fosho!Lovely ladies tending bar and helped out my crew accordingly with a smile - service was awesome!I also loved playing ping pong, oversized jenga, bean bag toss & how everyone hollars when the train passes by.HOLLA!
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,11/15/2013,2247,546,10,22,23>I have developed more and more love for French brasserie these days, this on site restaurant and courtyard at Palihouse hotel is really a cute little hidden gem in WeHo. The late night bar and lounge area is really nice too, casual, relaxing, chill, just a few drinks, and enjoy the good times all night long. I chose a table in the corner inside rather than the courtyard for dinner, the courtyard was beautiful, but I didn't see any seatings look more private for a quiet dinner. The corner seat with booth and cushions inside were perfect for us, so intimate and cozy. Our waitress was an Australian cutie, she greeted me earlier at lobby bar, even noticed that I changed my dress for dinner, how sweet! I asked a vodka drink to start, she recommended a strawberry flavored grey goose vodka dink with jalapeño, glad I tried it, it was so spicy with enough sweetness, so yum yet still strong! Hubby got a margarita, strong drink.... But I still don't like tequila too much.... Sparkling water with lemon, it was a very hot day, I just wanted to cool down a bit more, complimentary bread and warm butter were so good. Waitress introduced the special of the night, 24 oz steak for two, it meant for sharing, the beef meat is grass fed all natural meat, I love that! I decided to have steamed mussels, roasted mushrooms and sautéed spinach side orders.Hubby loved the perfectly cooked to medium rare steak, the presentation was impressive, the pink color inside the meat looked very nice and tempting, and it tasted even better with the house made sauce! My mussels were not so big, but very flavorful, liked the tomato broth. Roasted mushrooms were delicious with enough flavor. Sautéed spinach was so good, loved the strong flavor! We took time to enjoy our slow dinner, our waitress was very attentive, made sure everything was great, she recommended an old fashioned drink to go with our desert, they didn't have any sherry or port.... Shame... The bourbon whiskey drink was not bad though. Our chocolate cake was so yummy, silky and sweet, I enjoyed every bit of it. As the sun went down, the dim lights in courtyard were lit, it as a beautiful sight, we could overlook the courtyard from our table, very romantic. I absolutely loved our dinner date, I was happy and satisfied for sure! The tab was $189, specialty cocktails were $14 each, 24 oz steak was $80, a bit steep for an on site restaurant in a small boutique hotel.... But the food was very delicious, the service was great too. The lounge area started to get crowded late evening, lots of town people were out and about, this is defenitely a low key getaway place from typical Hollywood scenes, and I liked that a lot! Ps. They have valet from 6pm, we stayed at the hotel, so just parked at the garage.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,11/10/2013,2858,814,19,25,22>A friend said something funny to me once. She said that I'm pretty much driven by food. We were planning a get togther with some friends I hadn't seen in a long time. I was a bit iffy about the drive to hollywood since I had to be in Torrance and Costa Mesa that same day. She then told me that they would be trying a new highly rated restaurant, and then followed it up with,  "Cmon you know you're going to make it at least for the food".  Sure shit enough, there I was, valet-ing my car in front of Francos. I do like that the valet option is available, especially since parking in LA can be atrocious.Outside, Francos doesn't look like much, but  then you're ushered into this open, sky-lit  dining room, which is simple but beautifully put together. I can only imagine many romantic dinners and proposals might have ensued here.  The entire staff was friendly, accommodating and joked around with us. FYI, although I don't drink wine, it's a great thing that you can bring your own bottle(s) and all you need to pay is a $5 corkage fee. Hopefully that doesn't change. Some of us got the same entrees but of course I had to try more than a few things.  The bread they serve at the beginning of the meal was such a warm comfort. They served it with olive oil/ balsamic but I preferred butter -- as I usually do. I think i ate a whole basket. Literally.  We also got calamari which i didn't get to partake in but they all said it was great. I'm not generally a fan of eggplant, but this one was served with ricotta cheese and that was just surprisingly yummy. Most of the girls got some variation of a seafood pasta which by the look on their faces, seemed to really enjoy. I couldn't delve into that unless I wanted to hamper the  rest of the evening with a trip to the ER.  I did however order the short rib and the prosciutto ravioli. Both were just amazeballs, for lack of a better adjective. The shortrib was flavorful and tender, and definitely hit that craving for something meaty.  The ravioli, wow. There definitely is a distinction to be made between boxed and pasta made on site. And that sauce. Don't even get me started. After all the ravioli was gone, I was using my (second) bread basket to sop up all that creamy, rich, fattening sauce. We ended the night with some tiramisu which I found to be just ok.  Regardless, the preceding meal was just stellar overall.If I were in Hollywood, and was feeling the grumpies, or crabbies, or just hormonal, I think a plate of that ravioli (with a basket of bread) would totally and utterly just make my day. The End.
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,11/9/2013,530,387,10,13,15>From the outside, Ba Le is a pretty standard banh mi shop - you'll find plenty of Vietnamese food combos, snacks, coffee, and cheap sandwiches. Do get the banh mi above anything else.  The thing that really threw me for a loop (in a great way) during my first visit was the bread that the banh mi was served on.  It's hands down the softest baguettes that I've had - not hard, brittle or stale.  Even a day old, you won't chip a tooth on these.  They also don't cut the ends off either. As far as the meat choices, the barbeque pork, white meat & pate, and meatball are all pretty solid options.  The sweet meat was also a nice mix up - sweet ground pork meat filling that looks like it was barely cooked, but is.  I haven't seen this elsewhere, or at least prepared in this fashion.  A definite recommendation for a good banh mi.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2013,11/8/2013,1661,660,36,34,36>I have an addiction... and that addiction, is boba. I don't know what the hell it is with those jelly-like globe shaped bastards, but I'm all about it. When it comes to growing a full fledged hardcore addiction though, the problem I've encountered is finding the perfect drink to put those glorious boba bitches into. Like a meth habit, but you just can't seem to get your hands on quality meth when you really want it.Most boba places only have regular milk or water based tea.Most boba places only have gross, fake tasting fruit syrups.Most boba places can kiss my ass. Good news for me: I shit you not, I Love Sweetea is a mere half a block from my house, and none of the above "most boba places" comments apply.I Love Sweetea is badass, normally I'd flinch at $5+ for a random beverage but this place is so good that I had two larges within the span of two hours. No lie, Sunday night I got a large sized mango milk tea with boba, made with almond milk, went home, killed it with my mouth, and about an hour later found myself wandering back for the same thing but with lychee this time.In case you missed it, I said ALMOND MILK. They have soy milk too. Do you know how awesome that is? To experience those awesome chilled drinks in a dairy free way? It's super fucking awesome, that's how awesome it is. The Boba Truck is another favorite of mine, but if I want a milk tea from them I have to use the creepy non-dairy creamer when what I've always wanted was some straight up almond or soy milk.If crazy sugary syrups are your jam, then I Love Sweetea has you covered. But for me, I'm so about these freeze dried fruit powders I can't even contain myself. All the fruit powders are dairy free and taste better anyway. They told me straight up, "We are very cautious as to what has dairy and what doesn't, we want to be conscious for our customers." GREAT answer dude, that's what every vegan wants to hear.Is that not enough for you to get your boba-loving ass over to I Love Sweetea? How about word that a food menu is on the way? Sounds like some tasty fried type treats to me: truffle fries, chicken wings, salt and pepper fried tofu. Extra bonus points when I was told they'll have a separate fryer for the vegetarian items.I'm not sure what else to say, I'm super into this place. The staff has all been extremely friendly and helpful, they're mad close to my house, they're open late so I have even more opportunities to give them all of my money. This place is pure awesome, that's what it is. Looks like my addiction will finally be able to kick it up a notch.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/7/2013,11/7/2013,1522,1094,34,33,33>Review # 1000 dedicated to Vietnamese.Tender love, is how I describe the noodles. So soft, so savory, so moist, I ate them with fork, chop sticks and spoon. This is, the opinion of a Mexican-American guy from Los Angeles, me.The sprouts were crunchy, the mint leaf was potent, the beef was pleasant but the noodles stood out to me the most.The chicken and rice was pleasant and delightful, the two sauces on the side set it off.The seating had a good shade away from the hot sun. The person serving was very cordial. Parking is easy during lunch since this plaza is not overly populated.This restaurant is on a fairly busy Peck Road. A massage parlor is across the street from the restaurant, I did not try it.Tendor Pho, tendor Pho, tender Pho, your kindess I surrender to.Song parody of Force MD's 1985 song "Tender Love"youtube.com/watch?v=pW_v…Here I wait all aloneHunger yearningLonging for some of yourTender PhoI'm waiting for the rightMoment to comeSo I can review moreAll the tender Pho you've given to meTender PhoPho so tenderMake me dream of youBaby I surrenderWarm broth that warms my heartNow I see howLovely the feelings areAll the tender Pho you've given to meI want you more and moreCan't resist youOoh I can't get enoughTender PhoLove for you right from the startBring me nearerPlease let me be a partOf the tender Pho you giving to meTender PhoPho so tenderMake me dream of youBaby I surrenderOoh yeah, surrender babyoooh yeala la, la la la lala la laooh ooh,  ooh ooh ooh oohahhhhhhhaaaaa, aaaaaplease let me be apartooh ooh ooh ooh ooh
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,11/6/2013,2719,2132,67,82,72>Car accident is a very stressful situation :(I was rear ended and I was in an emotional roller coaster trying to deal with the insurance companies and was very upset everytime I looked at my car.I decided to use Marco's Collision Center since I wanted to get my car fixed perfectly and I knew it would be a stress-free experience.  Yes, I used Marco's in San Gabriel Valley about 4 years ago and I was a happy customer.yelp.com/biz/marcos-coll…-Tues, 08/27 AAA insurance called me, admitted fault and asked me to pick a body shop.  I told her that I preferred Marco's and she said she preferred Marco's too.  Marco's body shop is one of AAA's member preferred repair shops.  I called Marco's to make an appointment and the manager, Alan Lu, said that he would wait for me to come since they were closed at 5:30 pm.  5 minutes later Gaby from Marco's called to make an appointment.  I told her that I already made an appointment with Alan and thanked her for reaching out to me first. I didn't want Alan to wait that long so I left work earlier to make it in time.  Alan Lu is the best!  Marco's is so lucky to have an asset like him in the company.  He checked my car, provided plastic bags for my stuff, arranged a rental car pick-up and even helped me with my rental car problems.  I complained to Alan about the rental car and he actually contacted the rental company and addressed my problems.  Who does that?-Thurs, 08/29 I got a call from Alan letting me know the estimate.  The parts were already ordered and he even emailed me the estimate.  He also worked closely with AAA insurance to make sure everything was smooth.  -Tues, 09/03 I missed the follow-up call.  Alan left me a message saying that my car was 40% done.-Thurs,  09/05 I missed another follow up call.  Alan left a message and said the car was already painted.  He said it would need buffing and to call him back the next day so he could arrange for pick-up from the rental car.  -Fri, 09/06 I talked to Alan and he said the car would be ready by either Saturday or Monday but he would try his best for Saturday.  He called me again Friday night and said it was ready.  This was 8:00 pm and Marco's closed at 5:30 pm.  What a dedication.-Sat 09/07 Marco's was closed but I picked up my car @ 8:30 am.  I jokingly asked if I could return the rental car there and he said yes.  He brought my car next to my rental car so it was easier to transfer whatever stuff I had in the car.  I checked the car, asked stupid questions and we tested everything.  My car looks great and clean.  I even saw a free bottle of touch-up paint; typical Marco's extra mile service to keep the customers happy.Thank you Alan for a great service.  It was more than I expected and you made my life a little easier during the stressful time.  I really appreciate your help.6 stars!!  5 stars for Marco's and 1 extra shining star for Alan's exceptional service.I am stingy with my 5 stars rating and I never rate anything 6 stars.  You guys know my reviews are real =PQUICK TIP: WHAT TO DO IF YOU JUST GET INTO A CAR ACCIDENT?TELL THE INSURANCE COMPANY THAT YOU WANT TO USE MARCO'S,  CALL ALAN, THEN TAKE A DEEP BREATH AND RELAX.  YOU WILL BE GLAD YOU PICK THIS BODY SHOP.  THEY HAVE 8 LOCATIONS IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. YOU'RE WELCOME! True story...and yes, I am okay.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2013,11/5/2013,863,938,18,29,24>Update: I used LAX Flyaway on the return trip to Union Station from LAX. Surprisingly, it worked out better than I thought. Upon arrival, I walked outside the terminal and waited under the green colored sign indicating "FlyAway, Buses and Long Distance Vans." I had arrived 5 minutes before the top of the hour, at which time I expected the Flyaway bus to begin picking up around the airport. I waited only 7-8 minutes past the hour and the Flyaway bus came! I watched the driver put my luggage in the cargo area of the bus and I climbed in. No ticket needed at time of pickup. I later found that tickets were paid for upon returning to Union Station, prior to collecting baggage. By the time the bus left the terminal it was 15 minutes past the hour. The bus took the carpool lane back to Union Square and we got back within 30 minutes. Not bad! After a successful return trip, I can now say that Flyaway was reliable to AND from LAX. For faster service, I suggest buying your ticket online and have it printed out, ready to show to the driver.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2013,11/4/2013,783,595,28,32,30>Nom nom nom. :) yup here againHappy Hour!!! Swizzle Sizzle Hour I think that's what they call it. But one of the best all around! Tips for Happy Hour - It's only at the bar area.$7 for a steak sandwich with fries; lobster roll with fries; Steak burger with fries. Best deal ever! There are some other stuff for noshing - but I normally stick to the red meat at Ruth's Chris.Also $7 for mixed drinks; and some specials on house wine and beer. My favorite is the Pomegrante Martini with the Sugar Rim. Enough liquor to get me all nice and toasty during HH, all without the sting of alcohol.Besides Happy Hour, they're known for their steaks. My favorite is their rib-eye. I'm drooling over this keyboard as I type this out. Perfectly seasoned and possibly cooked correctly 90% of the time. I use 90% of the time, since their plates are so HOT that it ends up cooking my steak as I'm eating. Sides - Mashed Potatoes, Creamed Corn, Creamed Spinach, Asparagus. It's $$$ for their food, but totally awesome.If you have room for dessert - go somewhere else. I don't think I have had a good dessert there. Sorry!!! :( Crab cakes are delicious as well as your appetizer. But I really really really really (did I mention, really?) love their calamari. It's not your traditional deep fried calamari (well it is, deep fried) but no marinara dipping sauce, but this sweet/sour chili sauce. MMM. Highly recommended. It's poured/mixed over the calamari - so if you don't know if you'll like the sauce - ask for it on the side.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2013,11/3/2013,1813,600,18,25,16>I spent my Sunday evening sucking Naked Cowboys, and my wife kept pace (my dear mother just passed out on the floor reading that). The cowboys and a dozen other oyster from around the world were just one of the highlights in this casually upscale seafood restaurant.There's been some silliness about Connie and Teds not being gay friendly, which is absurd. Restaurants, especially those that open in Weho, don't see in any color or lifestyle except green. The few of you that got turned away, try making a reservation and not being a douche. But enough of that malarkey. I wasn't expecting the beauty of the place when we drove up. It's a stunner. The big arched roof made of gorgeous warm woods and supported by bright red steel girders covering a lovely patio makes an indelible first impression driving in (the parking is a ridiculous $7). Inside is much bigger than I expected and composed of the same elements, completely packed even at six on a Sunday evening. While its much more casual than heralded chef/owner Michael Cimarusti's other restaurant, it shares the same impeccable service as Providence. In fact, there literally seemed to be one staff for every patron. It was more formal than the casual vibe suggested, and our very nice waiter was a master of the obvious, unable to give any really insightful help on what to order. Everything was great, nothing better than anything else. But other than the lack of ooi, service was excellent.The decor also felt somehow similar, though it isn't physically anything alike. You can tell they spent some serious bank renovating this location. It's the most beautiful New England style seafood joint I've ever seen.The food is straight forward. There's none of the nuance or adventure found at Providence. Just fresh, quality well prepared seafood.Chefs Choice oyster platter was a prime way to begin. These were the closest in quality and freshness we've found here in LA, compared to the Pacific Northwest. The variety was exceptional, originating from all over. Each sample had a distinct flavor. All were easy to eat, none of the briny type south of the border. $34 for a dozen.Jo's Wicked Good Chowda sampler was really cool. I'm a giant clam chowder fan. The most interesting order of the meal. There are three types presented. Rhode Island Clear was different at least to me. Some might find it a bit watery, it's not thick as some chowders but I really enjoyed it. The clams were chopped and crazy tender. New England style was as expected, but certainly excellent. Manhattan was mildly spicy. All very good and all refreshingly different from each other. $11Angels on Horseback were memorable. Warm and filling. Easy to taste why it's one of the signature moments. $12Lobster roll was stuffed with its namesake. It's not a bad size, though any lobster lover will wish it was a few feet longer. The quality was top shelf, however Cousins Maine Lobster has a similar sized roll that's almost as good for about two thirds of the price so it was the one order that felt overpriced. $20Ed's Portuguese Fish Stew had a nice flavor and plenty of clams and mussels. Both were indescribably tender, again probably the highest quality I've come across in the city. The Hake was firm, though not the most memorable of fish. $22We finished off the Indian Pudding. Desserts aren't a strong point here, but this was simple and effective. $6This is really a no-brainer for seafood aficionados, the pedigree is undeniable. So head to Weho and find your own Naked Cowboy. Just make sure you have a reservation, or you'll be out on the street with the rest of the riff raff. Best Plates: Raw Bar (Chefs Choice Oyster Sampler), Jo's Wicked Chowda Sampler, Angels on Horseback, Lobster Roll, Ed's Portuguese Fish Stew, Indian PuddingPalate: mainstreamFood - AAmbience - A+Service - AValue - B+
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2013,11/2/2013,1006,957,26,31,27>I've only been searching intensively for this lady's cart for three weeks straight - walking pointedly through the Friday farmers' market, wandering around Echo Park Lake in the afternoons, peering around corners and down alleys.And yesterday, after I decided to just give up and eat at Arizas (not a bad thing by any means), there she was, casually pounding masa dough between her palms and catering to an excited line of customers all chattering in Spanish.This was Monday at 4:00, if anyone wants to try my luck - but I don't think it matters.  I'm pretty sure I was there LAST Monday around 4:00 and no quesadilla lady.I got the huitlacoche and drowned it in red sauce on one side and green sauce on the other.  I used a ton of sauce because I'm used to the salsas at the local taco trucks being kind of weak.  (Well, Taco Salsa's isn't weak flavor-wise, but it's not that spicy.)  This was a mistake (but a delicious mistake).  Both sauces were fiery.  The red one punches you between the eyeballs immediately, while the green one takes its time before sending flames rolling down the sides of your tongue.Underneath it all, I could still taste the nice-and-fungusy flavor of the slimy huitlacoche, which could almost pass for mushrooms.  Almost.  But who would want them to?  The best part about these quesadillas was definitely the tortillas, which tasted exactly as fresh as you'd expect after watching her pound them and roll them out by hand.I view this experience as surreal and wholly removed from real life, so I almost expect never to see her again.  Maybe she only comes out when you're not looking for her, like a magical fairy tale creature.(Update, 10/14: She was also there on a Saturday at 4:30!)(Update, 12/7: And a Friday at 2:15!)
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2013,11/1/2013,414,207,17,20,18>Well, probably found my 2nd favorite Ramen place next to SSG.  I was completely unfamiliar with the existence of this place until friends mentioned it.  After a full day of eating in Little Tokyo, we still made an effort to check this place out. While looking at the menu outside and contemplating whether to enter or go to my default Hakata Ramen, the manager and cook were standing outside, and we struck up a conversation with them.  The cook's favorite was the spicy; however we didn't see that on the Dinner menu.  They explained that they have separate Lunch and Dinner Menus.  The manager said that they currently didn't server the Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen at dinner, but a new Dinner menu was being made and they would start - just not on the day we were there.  So we gave them the sad puppy dog face, grunted, and groaned and they decided to make an exception and said they would make it for us.   So with that incentive, we walked on in.  I've found that most Japanese-run restaurants frown on change and don't like breaking the rules on when and how they serve their dishes.  So it was a pleasant surprise to see them make an exception to the rule.  The place can fit 8-10 couples comfortably, and there are a few seats at the Ramen bar.  It is simply decorated and nothing to write home about (yelp.com/biz_photos/men-…).  The service was very friendly and genuine.  We ordered the Spicy Tonkotsu Ramen (8.65) and Gyoza (4.50):- The Ramen served was the original (curly) noodles.  I prefer the strait ramen, and probably could have requested that if I had thought about it.  The ramen presentation is excellent (yelp.com/biz_photos/men-…).  The broth image seems a bit fatty, but don't let the looks deceive as the taste was pretty smooth and not too "piggy."  I especially liked the dried chili shreds.  If eaten alone it is not that hot, but if you leave them in and let them stew in the broth, it just gets hotter and hotter.  The two pieces of Chashu were melt-in-your-mouth good.  Another great taste was the shredded seaweed.  The half boiled marinated egg was also cooked spot on.  My only complaint is that the noodles were over cooked, as I like my noodle al dente.  We did ask later on, and you can order your noodle any way you want it.  So make a note for next time.  - The Gyoza was also cooked well, and looks like the typical Japanese pan-fried dumplings (yelp.com/biz_photos/men-…).  The Gyoza sauce was also tasteful enough with the yuzu citrus flavoring.   - They do have Sapporo on Tap, and they do take credit cards!I liked the vibe of this place and would definitely come back to try their signature Tokushima Ramen.  As the name implies, Men Oh - in my opinion, is on its way to becoming one of the top noodle kings.  4.5 stars, as the spiciness and service were spot on with my first experience at Little Tokyo noodle dive.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2013,10/31/2013,4339,292,32,48,40>XLanes LA is a NEW bowling alley IN LITTLE TOKYO.  They JUST opened and are still working out the kinks so bear with them.    Huge open space with about 20 lanes (4 are VIP - perfect for a party of 20 and under), about 10 pool tables, and an arcade room.  YES, you can bowl, play pool and dance moronically on Dance, Dance Revolution all under one roof!Food is good, not great but remember, you're at a BOWLING ALLEY not some Michelin rated restaurant - Philly Cheesesteak Pizza ($13), 6 large wings ($9), and small Caesar Salad ($6).Drinks are also pretty cheap - Absolut and Redbull ($6) and a glass of Trinity Oaks Pinot ($6)Friendly staff and a manager that knows the importance of good customer service.       Games right now are $6 per person, per game (not timed) and it comes with a free shoe rental.  As for parking, it's free validated parking in their garage.  Entrance is on Alameda St.  Definitely a cheaper alternative to Lucky Strike in the DTLA area!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/1/2013,10/30/2013,823,421,23,34,30>We're optimists here: five stars for a brand new gym based on weight training in Monterey Park. This is pretty much exactly what I've been asking the killer bod gods for the past two years being a local girl who loves throwing weights around. We've met all really cool peeps so far! Bart, Sarol, Alex, & Alessandro get us squared away and ready for a great workout. It's a brand-spankin'-new private gym run by people who just love to train - it's probably going to have growing pains. It's not a "globogym", so keep your criticisms constructive, and maybe they'll actually get heard.
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,10/29/2013,855,592,22,24,22>Delicious Taiwanese eats in LA~  Yum!!!  [also starting new review format here]* GET - Hot & sour soup = can be spicier but def not Americanized, luv.* MEH - Sauteed Chinese broccoli = just not a fan of those thick broccoli stems that tastes like chewing bark...(ok I exaggerate).* GET - Sauteed baby Bok Choy = flavorful, albeit bit too oily.* GET - Spicy bean curd rice bowl = more mapo tofu than bean curd, misnomer.  Yum!* GET - Pingtung "flatbread" vegetarian roll = omg, get.  Crispy outside, juicy inside.* MEH - Vegetable ramen = broth was good, but I'd stick to trying other dishes here.* SKIP - Galbi bbq beef banh mi = mmm, not "banh-mi" enough for me.  Odd mix of mayo-y texture to beef.  Bread was soft though.* GET - 3 mushroom dumpling = steamed, chewy, clear dumpling, pretty good~* GET - crispy scallion pancake = thicker than the usual scallion pancake & less oily but still tasty.* SKIP - coconut acai sponge cake = omg, stay far far away!  Waitress was nice enough to take off our bill when ALL of us thought something tasted very-off here...* GET - Pingtung sweet "flatbread" w/ vanilla ice cream = Fried, sweet pancake.  Oh you delish thing, you.WOA:* We had a vegan in our group, def. vegan-friendly dishes available.* No wait, no crowds on a Tue night.  (they don't take ressies anyways)* Fast friendly service.* Inexpensive!I'm coming back~
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/22/2013,10/28/2013,165,165,22,26,25>Their ice cream is really good! It is a little too sweet for me, but it's very rich and creamy. They have lots of different flavors. I've had 3 of their flavors so far - Banana Cream Pie (Really good!!), Black Cherry, and Blueberry Cobbler (also really good!).What I like the most about this ice cream shop is the $1 Cone Wednesdays! And that's why on Wednesdays, especially towards the evening, the line gets pretty long, but they would open up 4 order windows so the wait isn't that bad.Will definitely be back on another Wednesday to try out the other flavors.There is plenty of parking available, and the shop is at the far corner of the plaza towards the direction to the freeway.If I get fat, it's all Handel's fault!
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,10/27/2013,676,626,18,27,22>We all have interests which some may deem as odd. Perhaps you like to play World of Warcraft or take your ferret on walks. Maybe you like to collect buttons. My odd interest? I like to visit cemeteries. This is mostly due to the celebrities which are memorialized in many of the LA-based grounds... or maybe I am searching for zombies. Either way, I am glad that my interest introduced me to Forest Lawn in Glendale. Glendale's Forest Lawn puts the Hollywood/Burbank location to shame.  The initial welcome feels more like entering a palace due to the large fountain and massive gates. The sheer magnitude of the acreage is impressive, as the cemetery twists and turns up to the top of a canyon/hill and looks down on stunning views of mountains and the city of Glendale. Everything shines with the brightest pigments of green, glorious blues of clear skies, and the soft dots of floral colors. The air is clean and except for the chirping of birds; is so quiet that one almost wants to take a nap. Forest Lawn may be the resting ground for those passed on, but it is also a peaceful garden getaway for those still roaming the earth. The cemetery features several churches and buildings which are Tudor and Gothic in style. In fact, the entire cemetery is inspired by England and Britain which is sort of odd and out of place in the Western US but is absolutely terrific for Anglophiles such as myself. I was transported to England, as Forest Lawn has a recreation of a church from Sussex, England, small sculptures and plaques from British folk tales, and a main building with a flower shop which looks like someone literally picked up a Tudor manor from England and relocated it to Glendale. This is terrific for those who can't afford a vacation to England or photographers for weddings, proms, etc. Another highlight is the museum which features rotating exhibits ("The Art of the Block" on my visit) and permanent medieval pieces such as suits of armor and stained glass. Also highlighted are bronze and marble structures plus a back patio with fountains and more insatiable views. Alright, enough about the glorious garden aspects, right? You probably want to know about the celebrities buried here. Forest Lawn is the home of Elizabeth Taylor, Jimmy Stewart, Ethel Merman, Walt Disney, and... Michael Jackson. Sadly, these aren't main features and are tough to find unless you know where to look. Basically, don't expect to just find them off-hand as the lawns are vast. Forest Lawn in Glendale is a "must" for a peaceful, serene, beautiful, and even entertaining escape. If you want to reside permanently, the lobby has a price list of the caskets, services, and plots. Welcome home!
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,10/26/2013,638,255,27,29,28>While Angel City Brewery's origins include acquiring a brewery within the Alpine Village off of eBay before relocating to the current historic building in DTLA, a lot has changed since then. The most notable change is that in 2012 Angel City was acquired by Alchemy & Science and since then Angel City has been brewing some really flavorful beers. Therefore, if your idea of a beer is a boring ass lager, don't bother crossing Alameda Street and keep on drinking your Budweisers and Asahis... But if you like unique and awesome beers, make that trek over to the eastside of Alameda Street where you will go from Little Tokyo to the hipster and dog mecca of Los Angeles.  Oh, and don't worry little tomato because this area is not the sketchy area that it used to be!Aside from the building itself that spews awesomeness and aside from the ridiculously awesome price of $8 for a beer flight of 5 beers to $6 for a pint, Angel City allows you to BYOF (bring your own food) and even bring your four-legged pal so long as your pooch is well-behaved. And speaking of beer flights, a set of two beer flights allows you to pretty much sample their entire beer selection since they currently have 11 total beers. Out of the beers I got to try, I would say skip the Berlin Weisse unless you like sour Saisson-type beers. Of the beers that I enjoyed, the Eureka! Wit was nice and crisp, the Angeleno IPA was refreshing, and the Dünkel Weisse was really gnarly - in a good banana chocolatey Trader Joe's Gone Bananas! way. However, my favorite beer had to be the appropriately named White Nite. This beer was so fucking cray cray that I am still thinking about it right now while drinking my venti iced coffee. I mean, forget the fact that it is nitrogenated and has hints of chocolate and espresso, the reason I heart this beer is because it is a golden ale and not a stout that does all this coffee shinzets!Seriously, I took one sip and turned to the wife and said, my god, this is the Slim Shady of beers... It looks pale but man it tastes like a dark! Jigga Jigga, hotter than a set of twin babies! BTW, she preferred the Dünkel Weisse (Dark Nite?) 'cuz she's bananas, B-A-N-A-N-A-S!While Angel City Brewery does not serve food, they have food trucks that come on a regular basis... and they have Pablo, a taco guy that comes on Tuesdays and Thursdays because days that start with "T" are for TACOS! No seriously, the tacos Pablo serves are really legit and he even marinates his meat with Angel City's beer! BOOM!!! But just in case you do not like the badass triumvirate of taco meat that starts with "c" (carnitas, carne asada, and chicken) that Pablo offers, you can always BYOF... you vegan! At the end of the day, I'm not religious, but thank god for Angel City Brewery because it is a great addition to the City of Angels. I will definitely be back with wife and dog in tow!* Dogs are allowed away from the bar on a leash. Please be a good dog owner and make sure Toto is well-behaved so that Angel City Brewing continues to allow pooches. Pictures:Charlie wanting a sip of beer.. bit.ly/1aJmrMxTwo beer flightsbit.ly/18EBsjATacos by Pablobit.ly/17by1CR
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,10/25/2013,456,372,50,41,41>Some days the line's so long here you must wait outside their doorAnd these treats are so expensive, "Should I buy them?" you will imploreBut each new flavor I try here sends good vibes down to my coreAnd memories of these cupcakes the next day gets me achin' to buy moreMy Delight, there you go again there you go againMaking me love you-ooh-oohI don't like cupcakes in general but your creationsMake me swo-ooh-ooh-oonGot your treats stuck in my mind like on a bodya tattoo-ooh-oohYou're about twenty minutes drive away from meBut I'll still visit you soo-ooh-oon.So with fillings rich and frostings lightI just can't resist; I must take one more biteThe ratio of cake to frosting's just rightI don't have willpower; I must take one more biteBlueberry Cinnamon Crunch was like a decadent breakfast barChocolate covered strawberry cupcake was a star upon a starThe raspberry hazelnut off'ring was Michelin-restaurant parStrawberry regular so good I ate two whole ones in my carMy Delight, there you go again there you go againMaking me love you-ooh-oohI buy some for all my friends and when they eat themthey do swo-ooh-ooh-oonLast year I thought you were four stars, but my love for you grew-ooh-oohI won't travel to buy other stores' cupcakesBut I'll still visit you soo-ooh-oon.So with fillings rich and frostings lightI just can't resist; I must take one more biteThe ratio of cake to frosting's just rightI don't have willpower; I must take one more bite
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2013,10/24/2013,1113,491,19,27,21>Probably the most accommodating ramen restaurant I've ever been to. They got bibs, hair band, plate of condiments, complimentary tea and rice, stamp cards, accept credit cards, and a staff that is more than willing to tell you about their food. However there is no restroom here. Thought that was kind of funny.Anyway, I know they just had their grand opening. The place definitely does not stand out from the rest. It doesn't have the feel of a noodle bar. Nor funky Japanese decors to set a foreign ambiance. The restaurant is small and would probably have a line going when people start to fly in by the flock.  Hope they are ready for it.The food is pretty good. Only 4 items though. Spicy Miso RamenTonkatsu(pork bone broth) RamenShoyu(soy sauce) RamenTsukemen (dry dipping ramen)I love the tsukemen here. It's everything I love about noodles. Fat, chewy, and full of flavor. I've tried the broth here for the soup ramens, but I think it's just all right. My next target is the spicy miso ramen. Check out the pictures I took. Let me know if you want to see a video of this place. Might just go back and make a video next time.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,10/23/2013,3365,753,32,29,27>Let the douchebaggery commence!  I know that deep down I'm kind of a douchebag....at least an honorary douchebag at the least.  I'm pretty sure I saw somebody from the Jersey Shore eating here and I hung my head in shame.Enough nonsense.....on to the the food!PEARBLOSSOM MARTINIyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…Grey Goose La Poire (pear flavored vodka) some lime soda, lemon twist a dash of something sweet like honey.  Tasty ass cocktail even though we only ordered it cuz I grew up in a Podunk town called pearblossom where the $15 I spent on this drink could have bought me like 24 beers at the local liquor store...but I digress.  It was good.EINSTOCK BREWyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…Alls I remember was that this mahfu*ka was STRONG.  It was a 6.7% doppelbock that practically punched me in the face...ina good way...if that's possible.  I barely finished it cuz I'm kind of a little bitch.  And by kind of...I mean, I am.PETITE FILETyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…The wife's steak of choice.  It was cute and tiny and overcooked in my opinion but she liked it and that's all that matters.TRIO OF SIDESyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…Get the chipotle corn.MAC N CHEESEyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…The restaurant is lit like a gawdamn cave, so I used the flash and overflashed the hell out of it cuz I don't know what I'm doing.  It wasn't too bad, standard.CHIPOTLE CORNyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…Surprisingly delicious, get this one corn lovers.MASHED TATERSyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…These tasted like mashed potatoes...hows that for useless info?  Nothing special, but good.BONE IN RIBEYE w FOIE GRAS BUTTERyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…Along with Hatfield's, Animal and Beer Belly this was another part of my farewell to foie gras in June of 2012.  The ribeye was cooked a perfect medium rare (even though I TOTALLY forgot to specify to my server how I wanted it cooked)  I panicked when I realized I hadn't told him and when he came back he explained that since I ordered the foie gras butter he was 99% sure I wanted it medium rare...well done Camilo, great dude.  The foie gras butter by the way added a ton of flavor to every bite and it was a good size hunk of meat.  It better be for $46.  This was my niece's first "classy" restaurant meal so it was all worth it in my opinion.COMP BDAY CHOCOLATE SWEETSyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…I have no idea what this was but it was chocolate and it was free and it came out with a huge sparkler that I thought might engulf our table in flames, but it didn't , everyone was fine...and I'm a drama queen.  My niece ate the "hday" in birthday before I took a pic so I told her she's never allowed to eat with me again.  Kidding, just until next year.  That'll teach her.CHEESECAKEyelp.com/biz_photos/boa-…We already got a free cake n ice cream, so why not pay for more.  Got some cheesecake to go for my sister in law, because I like to pretend I'm an awesome brother in law.  I ain't a big sweets dude, but this was delicious, I had a tiny bite before the rest of the females I associate with literally devoured it as they sneered at me with disdain for even considering consuming more than I already had.  Note to self....DO NOT interfere with women and cheesecake.So come on down, pop your collar, gel your hair, put on enough cologne to poison small animals, tilt that hat unnecessarily and let your douche flag fly!
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/15/2013,10/22/2013,920,518,45,55,48>Jon Shook's and Vinny Dotolo's small, unmarked resto yelp.com/biz_photos/son-… is worth driving around the block to find.  On my radar since the Wall Street Journal (2011) applauded their "dude food" concept and creative energy, it was good to finally experience it first hand.  Small plate, two to three per person recommended, it's best to gather a group for an optimal tasting event. Peruse, make your selections and order everything at once to keep the food flowing. A few of the dishes our Yelp dozen shared:  Oysters on the half shell - didn't try, not a fan, I know, I know...Uni, Burrata, button mushroom, yuzu - melt in your mouth deliciousShrimp toast sandwich, herbs, sriracha mayo - sheer heaven, just this, nothing but next time and make it a double order!Soft shell crab tempura, crispy pork, ginger-soy - OK, an order of this too...Linguine and clams, uni aglio-olio, chili, breadcrumbs - looked amazing, too full to tasteFried chicken sandwich, spicy b&b pickle slaw, rooster aioli - stacked high, mighty flavorful!Heirloom tomatoes, purslane, olive crouton, feta - seasonal blissKennebec French fries, malt vinegar aioli - worth every calorieShishito peppers, garlic aioli, bonito, toasted sesame - listed in the "snacks" portion of the menu, just order it Although some might debate portions per price, I found them to be well executed and fair. Service was efficient, pleasant. My only gripe is the noise level which I suspect may be less at lunch, or not. Many thanks to Yee Gan O. yelp.com/user_details?us… for coordinating this evening, bringing both old and new friends to the table!
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/27/2013,10/21/2013,729,145,40,40,40>Aye PapiPappaPapicito¿Por qué haces esto a mí? ¿Te gusta que sea gorda? It's only been a couple hours since we partedand i'm running my tongue along my lips for traces of youa smoky layer of fennel clings to the roof of my mouthand that tar-tar sauce left its kick in my bellyyou've left your mark on me.Who do I love more? Don't ask me that. It's not fair; don't make me choose.Matthew was the first to introduce himself. My lovely madre and I sat admiring the beautiful wood, brick and textures all around usand he strolled up and began talking to us like we was old friends.My mom says she's curious about the al pastorand Matthew brings out two samples(Gotta love a man who takes action without having to be told)He wooed us with tales of secret family recipes,sustainably caught, fresh fish roasted each dayand succulent tacos during what I'm sure is the happiest hour in La Verne.My sandwich was filled with delicately cut slices of albacore,the aforementioned fennel shavings, silky strands of caramelized onionand a tartar sauce that slinks onto a lightly toasted, buttered bun.(Don't be afraid to lick your fingers; I wasn't)Chef Travis came next. I saw his beautifully colored arms before his adorable faceand was all smiles before he even asked how our meal was.I gushed, as usual, and made a fool of myselfBut my mom remained composed (bless her heart),and when she asked about the chimichurri in The South Americanhe told us about his time spent in Argentina.I managed to tell him that I loved my plum juice and he promised that he'd keep offering delicious juices and agua frescasand would try to do a new flavor every dayJUSTFORME!!He's gonna make me an ah-may-zing cucumber, celery and ginger agua fresca on Mondayand y'all can have some too, if ya want. I guess.The potatoes were delicious. Someone told me that they're1. baked2. sliced3. and then friedand I don't know if that's true or notbut whatever they're doing, it's working.(I also heard they have smoked butter. Yep. SMOKED mothafuggin' BUTTER. You should probably try it.)Want to know why the four stars? Ok fine, chismoso. Here goes.a.) Chef Travis, baby boo, those beautiful hands of yours love them some spices, I get that and love that about them. But maybe they were just super excited today or something because a tad less would have been absolutely perfect. They was kickin'.b.) I know, I know, you're a rotisserie sandwich shop and meat is your thang. But we vegetarians like some wood fired yum yums too. I give you props on the Moroccan veggie, and I've heard alarmingly good things about the Grilled cheese....but some of us veggie folk are fixin' to be eating here quite often and we're gonna need you to keep that menu evolving, ya dig? I know you do, love.Ok.I'm done.If you haven't decided to come here by nowthen there's no helping you.You're a lost cause.(ok fine, there's still hope. They also have Bob's Ice Cream and bread pudding)Pro Tip: Come here to drink. Seriously. They have great stuff on tap, including my Pomona Queen (*adjusts crown*), Seasonal stuff and several from Claremont Craft. They've also got a small, thoughtfully chosen wine list. Knock yourself out.Now go.
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,10/20/2013,1201,1068,19,22,21>Oh how I skipped over this truly wonderful landmark is amazing. I should have written about this park years ago! I still have so many memories of my dad taking me to this park and walking the path and chatting up about daily life. It was a wonderful father and daughter experience that I will always hold dearly.Big huge lake is here with lots of duckies. They have a sign that says don't feed the ducks *but I see loads of people feeding them'* I haven't dared to feed the ducks because one I think they are a little bit scarey and two I don't want to get bitten by ducks and get some weird flu virus and die. (That probably won't ever happen) The jogging trail is a pretty nice path and the floor I'm not sure what they use but it is like a cushion for your feet. Seems pretty nice whatever it is and a lot of people come and walk or run. Just on a daily basis you can see the locals after work walking around and keeping fit. I've never rented those picnic spots but I do see many people having children birthdays and events here. You probably have to call the local services and make a reservation if you want to hold an event. Alhambra is one of the coolest places and I think I just loved it when I lived here. The park is nice and big and people aren't all that mean. You just got to know them a little bit. :)
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2013,10/19/2013,2234,455,26,38,27>AMAZING RACE, LOS ANGELES...or sometimes called "Fantastic Race" due to legal reasons with CBS ;)Imagine the CBS show "Amazing Race," but on a super small scale. I took J for his birthday, and we did "LA Race 1," which is a tour of LA/Scavenger Hunt throughout Hollywood and Downtown LA. Locations included: Chinese Theatre, Grand Central Market, Walt Disney Concert Hall, etc etc.The clues on this scavenger hunt/tour are pretty straight forward, and it's pretty creative how the puzzles are formed. Because it's too much of a liability to have people race around in their cars, Amazing Race LA provides you with Metro train TAP cards for your town-hopping commute.Tips:1. Interpret directions and puzzles literally. If you think "outside the box" and try to guess to solve these clues, you'll screw yourself over. "Assumption is the mother of all f*ckups" - JYeezy.2. Bring running shoes, backpack of water/snacks/sunblock.3. COVER YOUR ANSWERS. We got screwed over twice because another team decided to be nosey and looked at our answers. Mind ya business, that's all.Regardless, this experience was fun, I would definitely try out the Amazing Race, Santa Monica next time around.Amazing Race holds a couple races: LA 1, LA 2 (both Hollywood/DTLA races), Santa Monica Race, Hop-on & Hop-off (incorporates Hollywood tour buses).Pretty good discount if you use the code; the code is also a puzzle.The answer is: SOLVED.You're welcome.
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2013,10/18/2013,3170,1316,29,49,40>**TRUST ME TRUST ME TRUST ME**PARKING========Public parking is available across the street, next to Bouchon. Parking is free for the first 2 hours; thereafter it is $3 for every 30 minutes. After 6 pm, there is a flat fee of $5.Valet parking is $6 and is available daily beginning at 6:00 pm.AMBIANCE=========Small, cozy, somewhat loud.Minimal decor.Modern.Clean.FOOD=====TRUST ME menu - $30INCLUDES:EDAMAMERUNA SASHIMI (2-PC)ALBACORE SUSHI (2-PC)SALMON SUSHI (2-PC)YELLOWTAIL SUSHI (2-PC)HALIBUT SUSHI (2-PC)TORO HAND ROLLBLUE CRAB HAND ROLLRice was warm and loosely packed. Delicious.Melt-in-your-mouth FRESH sushi.They will NOT honor your requests for additional sauces, salt, or rice.Awesome.SERVICE=========No reservations taken.Good and efficient.16% gratuity is added to the bill.PRO TIP=======Lots of celebrity sightings on Tuesday nights.RECOMMEND.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,10/17/2013,115,174,46,54,50>Great seafood!I've been here multiple times throughout the years. The food has always been good. Well, I usually end up ordering the same two items. Recommended to go anywhere from 11am-3pm on weekdays which appears to be less busy. Well, 1pm is when the whole neighborhood decides to crowd this place. During those lunch hours, you get complimentary soup in a large bowl which consists of meat and some vegetables.The Walnut Shrimp here is fantastic. The sauce that covers the shrimp is incredibly creamy with the right amount of batter. Perfect texture. And the best part? There is no "shrimp-of-the-sea" taste! It was damn delicious. Keep in mind this is from the dinner menu. (yelp.com/biz_photos/nyc-…).The Deep Fried Whole Fish is another dish I highly recommend! (yelp.com/biz_photos/nyc-…). Great flavor! Love the sauce they put on the fried part which sinks down to the fish itself.You also get a bucket of rice. The white rice here is soft, which is good. I mean I wouldn't want to be eating rocks. Service can be hit or miss. If it's really busy, it can be really chaotic. The service was great for our most recent visit. They give complimentary orange slices at the end of the meal. They're usually really sweet. Sometimes they sell the oranges in boxes. Overall, 4 stars. Love the seafood here!
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,10/16/2013,311,551,13,19,19>I have been to the Rabbit Hole twice and already it has instantly became my favorite bar. This coming from a girl who does not even normally like to go to bars. The Rabbit Hole is located along the bars on Main St, Alhambra, CA. Hard to see while driving by but the sign as you're walking is very welcoming. Inside, it's like a hallway and it's not too big but they do great accommodating for large parties. I recently had my birthday party here and Scott and his staff very much made sure my guests and I had a good time. All my first timer to the venue really loved it and even asked to come back some other time. We got a section on the couches which seated all 20 of my guests. There's 2 sections of couches, one of each side once entered and then the bar in the back. Though they do not serve food (yet), we were allowed to bring outside food in as long as it was not odorous and messy. Perfect solution: french fries! As you may know, alcohol makes me very hungry. The drinks are reasonably priced. They have happy hour EVERY day from 8PM-10PM. $2 beer and $4 wells. Yes, that includes Fridays and Saturdays nights, everyone. The flaming shots are extremely strong. I cannot take it, though I did try.. I really tried. The decorations is really cute. I love the grass ceilings. Unlike other bars down Main St, people here are a lot more friendlier. Both men/women let me squeeze through to order drinks whereas at other bars, I'm standing two rows behind and waiting impatiently. Most of the time, I get so impatient, I leave. I liked the Sub-Zero the most. It's very fruity and sweet even down to the last slurp. The Mad Hatter comes in second. The MarshMelt was really hard to drink. I'm such a weak sauce. They play good music that I know and there's a projector on the ceiling and they show the games when it's on. Parking is by street or the parking structure on Main St and 1st which is free. Looking forward to coming back soon!
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,10/15/2013,986,514,9,19,13>Adding Bestia to my list of favorite Italian restaurants (along with Angelini Osteria) and one of my new favorite restaurants downtown.  Overall, a splendid dining experience.Reservations - a little hard to get; we took a late table (9:30) on Sunday evening on OpenTable because I really wanted to try this place.  I recommend planning at least two weeks in advance, especially if you're trying to get a good reservation time.  This place is actually pretty big, but reservations seem to fill up fast.Service & overall dining experience - we had a really nice, friendly, and attentive server.  Service was on par with the price point.  The restaurant is lively and has a nice vibe, appropriate for DTLA (even though the building itself is rather isolated).  Not much parking in the area but valet is $6.Food - deeeelicious!  5 stars = crave worthy.  Price point is pretty reasonable for a delicious dinner.  We ordered:-Beef meatballs-Chicken liver crostini-Cavatelli alla Norcina (ricotta dumplings, pork sausage, black truffles)-Tagliatelle allo Zafferano (saffron pasta, calabrian sausage ragu)Yelp did not lead us astray - the cavatelli is a *must-order* ... I'm tempted to order two of these the next time I come back (or just one all to myself!).  The flavors in this dish are just amazing.  Everything else we ordered was fresh, well-executed, and delicious.  But of all the dishes, hands down the one I would re-order again and again is the cavatelli.Overall, I really like the menu at Bestia; they have a good selection of dishes (but not so many that it's overwhelming), featuring high quality ingredients and careful technique.  It was a memorable dining experience and I really want to return to try more of their menu.  Bestia is definitely worth many repeat visits in my book.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,10/14/2013,1215,510,19,22,21>Huntington Park.  The "City of Perfect Balance."You wouldn't think so from the looks of it.When you make the approach, be sure to watch for it on the corner. The small parking lot with scant spaces is one way.  It might actually be easier to park at the supermarket next door, and walk over into Tony's Donut House.  Tony's Donut House may be cause for one such occasion, to make the trek to this city.  Offering a plethora of sandwiches, baked goods, croissants... but of course, it seems first and foremost, a donut house.There's some cool donut creations to be had.  Chocolate and maple bars, slit in the center and filled with cream.  A glazed donut topped with Fruity Pebbles cereal.  But I believe what'll intrigue most will be their cronuts.  Cronut. Croissant/donut hybrid.  Take some laminated dough as if to make a croissant.  Then deep fry it in a vat of oil, donut style.  You can get a packs of cronuts by $4 or $5, boxed.  You get 2 additional cronuts for the $5 box  (yelp.com/biz_photos/tony… ), which has 3 sugared cronuts, 2 glazed cronuts, and a... um... a croissant donut blob with nuts and stuff.How do they fare? For around $1 a cronut?  It feels lighter, due to the pockets created by the layering of laminated croissant dough.  There's that croissant texture you get on bite in, with a light butteriness.  But you still get that oily scent, and donut flavor.  It mushes really nicely in the mouth once you've chewed it a bit, and let your saliva mingle to break down the starch.Am I in love with it?  Well, it's okay.  I'll just say, I do prefer it to Krispy Kreme donuts, and standard donuts. If marginally.  But a copy is but a copy.  It's a bit of cry from the original cronut, from Ansel Bakery in NYC.  Granted, Ansel Bakery sells them for like $3.50~$4.00 a pop.  But more work and goes and flavor goes into the very first, prominent cronut. Like an injection of cream, and a special, in-house icing glaze to top.  I'd like to see Tony's Donut House put in some of that extra tender love and care.  You know what I mean? Like I want to love you. PYT. Pretty Young Thing.  You need some lovin'.  TLC. Tender lovin' care.  Will you take me there?
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,10/13/2013,663,707,13,15,14>We stumbled upon this place while looking for pizza in Pasadena. The concept reminds me of 800 degrees (or Subway or Chipotle) where it's assembly line style -- you tell them the toppings you want as you go down the line. Although they use a machine to press the dough flat vs. hand tossing, I enjoyed the crust more than at 800 degrees. It's crisp with a slight chew and more flavor. I have to say the service is a bit lacking. I ordered a signature pizza (the Art Lover, with artichokes, fresh mozz, ricotta, chopper garlic and red sauce) and planned to add another topping, but they didn't ask before plopping my pie in the oven. Apparently, once it's in the oven no further changes can be made and the girl wasn't apologetic at all. Then there was the guy in front of me who got into an argument with the staff because they wouldn't put olive oil on the pizza before they put it in the oven. He was firmly told olive oil is a "post-bake condiment only". Eventually after much back and forth, they agreed to do it "this time only". Sheesh.I'm still giving them 4 stars because we enjoyed our pizzas and the prices are reasonable, but I'm hoping our next visit is a bit more pleasant.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,10/12/2013,985,360,18,27,23>I came here to walk around in my birthday suit for my birthday, how appropriate! :) Thanks to their special last year, if you come on your birthday, the entrance fee is waived. That was the first time I discovered this Korean spa and I fell in love! Now they have a special where its $15 if you visit on the week of your birthday which is still a great deal. Although, thanks to Groupon, I was able to get a $12 deal for entrance into the Wi Spa. I came here recently with my Yelper friend Tara C. and we had a great time getting pampered. We came on a weekday afternoon so there weren't too many people at the spa. In fact we had ample space and privacy in the different sauna rooms, and hot tubs. Once we arrived, we were given our electronic locker keys. Then we headed downstairs where the women's locker rooms are located. Upon stepping into the locker room, there's an area where you can pick up a robe, towel, and clothing to wear into the co-ed area or jjimjilbang. We then changed into our clothes to go into the Salt, Jade, and Ice rooms located in the jjimjilbang. These rooms vary in temperature and I'm not exactly sure of the purposes for these sauna rooms, but I believe each one is set at a particular temperature to help detox, and to open and shrink your pores. Afterwards, we spent a couple minutes on the rooftop enjoying the beautiful views of the LA skyscrapers. But since it was scorching hot we left shortly and returned downstairs. We spent the rest of our afternoon relaxing in the hot tubs in the women's locker room. Its mandatory that you shower and rinse prior to getting into the hot tubs since you have to be completely naked. If you haven't experienced a Korean spa, the majority of them require you to walk around in your birthday suit which can be awkward at first, but I assure you every other woman there are probably just as self conscious about their bodies as you are!Although, Wi spa provides amenities such as toothbrushes, toothpaste, shampoo, conditioner, shower gel, towels, robes, hair brushes, blow dryers, I did not see any face wash or makeup removers available. Luckily I had bought my own so I was well prepared. Since time was limited for us because my friend had to work afterwards, we had only two hours to spend here. In reality, you can spend an entire day at Wi spa. There's heated floors with mats and couches for you to sleep, free wifi and computers for those who need to be constantly connected to the world, and a full restaurant in the jjimjilbang if you get hungry. Ample parking is available in their huge lot, and there's even a car wash area if your car needs a little pampering as well!Overall, Wi Spa is one of the cleanest and more sanitary spas I've been to. I'll definitely be coming back again to try their salt scrubs that I keep hearing people rave about. Keep on the lookout for Groupon deals and check out their website for special deals throughout the week wispausa.com.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,10/11/2013,237,264,12,22,16>Overall 4.25*/5.This is perhaps the trendiest and least pretentious pie joint I've come across. How do they achieve this odd counterpoint balance? Harmony of flavors I'd say... What I tasted was not the average pie. My girlfriend, a sweet connoisseur to the nth degree, arrived before me and selected two pies to try (i.e. Chocolate Crostata and the Maple Custard were sampled). However, their constantly changing butcher paper roll of sweet pies seemed to be dwindling for the night (we got there 30 minutes before closing and they were out of apple, which if it were as unique as the maple custard or the chocolate crostata, could really have been a treat!!). Flavors:Chocolate Crostata: 5/5. The crostata is an Italian concoction that brings together a lot of baking know-how into a very rustic container. You say, how can anything be more rustic than pie? The crust's simplicity, makes for a jump in the rustic direction.Simple and plain dough, here with a rock sugar sprinkling. At the Pie Hole, though, nothing is exactly as it seems, like falling through into wonderland. It's as though this chocolate is the perfect balance of chocolate aroma and soft chocolate texture, but after that there is nothing similar. It's as though the chocolate must be creamed and processed in such a way to create the lightest and smoothest filling. People who shy away from chocolate because of their fear of its density and residual flavor, will delight in this crostata. Maple Custard: 4/5* A light and fluffy custard, reminiscent of Crème brûlée though so much spongier. The airiness of the texture allowed the balancing of the maple syrup or sugar (not sure which is used in its preparation) to resonate on the palate in a gentle balance with the egg and pie crust. This brings me to my point about a non-savory pie crust. They do it right here. I don't know if it's the ingredients of the crust of a sweet wash or something they do, but it points this pie in one genuinely uniform direction.Coffee & Chai: 3/5 Sampling the salted caramel latte and the caramel chai was a bit odd for me as I usually don't go for flavored drinks. But with these options, I really didn't see a way around it. I've been on a real salted caramel kick that no bad latte can subdue. The coffee was unique, but had the issue of a considerable amount of the caramel and salt sitting at the bottom making for a really unpleasant last sip. The chai however, had a unique balance that my girlfriend thought was more like "christmas." I agree. It's not a seasonal drink, but definitely makes you feel well seasoned. I would order the chai again, but not the salted caramel latte. Though with Urth and Handsome around your corner, I'm not even sure I'd order a drink here, when the pies are really why I'm present.Space: 4/5 The staff is very knowledgeable and they move fast. The interior of this location looks so simple (like a mess hall) but feels so chic. Something about plain white walls makes me weak. The character here is all in the butcher paper, pies, clientele, and staff... I really love it.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,10/10/2013,56,108,18,18,20>Dude it's right there and it has been right there for years! Since I started yelping, I decided to check out every restaurant in my area. This one in particular I had been running away from for years (just because of the way it looked) but so I loaded my yelp app and in I went.Those ribs :0 those darn ribs are to die for, they have this home made taste and leave you wanting more! I will be coming back as soon as I am done with my yelp mission.Recommend this place? Yes!
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,10/9/2013,361,411,19,22,20>I finally got to try Mexicali! I first tried when they were a food stand/truck, but they failed to show up as promised 3 times! My brother and I were a little upset, but Esdras - one of the owners - contacted me and apologized. I never formerly had the chance to go back and try their new brick and mortar until recently. I went with one of my friends, and we shared the Vampiro and the Zuperman. I heard a lot about the Vampiro (quesadilla with 1 meat + special garlic sauce) and was super excited to finally try it, but it was slightly disappointing. Not as flavorful as I expected. The Zuperman, on the other hand, was good. We got to choose the 3 meats that go in it, and I preferred it over the Vampiro.They also have tasty horchata.My favorite part was the salsa bar! Everything was fresh, and in addition to typical salsa bar items, they also offer pickled onions, cucumbers, avocado salsa, and cabbage.Be wary of flies though. Guard your food!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2013,10/8/2013,4161,1558,24,32,26>Cousins was a pop up for a long time.  It appears that it's now a permanent anatomy of Old Town, Pasadena.  Bf and I stopped here on a blistering Saturday.  We were immediately greeted by a tall blond hostess.  We ordered the Connecticut roll $13.50 and the Maine roll $13.50.  They came with a side of Cape Cod potato chips.  The Maine roll was served cold and the Connecticut was warm.  I liked the seasoning of the Connecticut better. The lobster's fresh and copious.  The roll is soft and toasty.  I thought the price was very reasonable.  Service was prompt and courteous.  It also serves lobster ice cream.  I had trepidation about trying it, but I wouldn't mind trying the lobster mac & cheese next time.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/12/2013,10/7/2013,511,129,21,31,26>So glad I found Jennifer! I had heard nothing but good things about her and finally decided to give her a chance with my brows. I initially wanted to get a brow wax and brow tinting. I told Jennifer that I wanted to try tinting my brows, I've never tried it before. Jennifer suggested that I get them done next time I come in. Since she's the pro I obviously took her suggestion. I admit she was really quick but did an amazing job. She even offered to fill in my brows for me which I thought was a sweet gesture. Before I left she had asked me to step into the back room for a second. She showed me another client who was getting her brow tinted and what it looked like. I found out that I can text her to make an appointment which is GREAT! I'm really big on texting and really dislike having to make an actual phone call. She told me that she only works Wednesday-Saturdays but stays open until 8pm. Thanks again Jennifer! I'll be seeing you soon!
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,6/27/2013,10/6/2013,354,182,35,39,32>Everyone knows that I LOVE meals that don't limit the amount of food you intake, and it doesn't hurt if it involves oodles of noodles too. :) Azusa Mongolian BBQ is located across from In-N-Out in a strip mall down Azusa Ave.  On the outside, it really doesn't look like much so you'll have to spot the now dirty, old "Grand Opening" sign that reads $5.95 All-You-Can-Eat.  Yes, you read that right, ever since this place opened, the AYCE Mongolian BBQ has been $5.95.  This is a place of quantity versus quality but just a teeny tiny bit better in the quality part; fresh crispy veggies, very frozen meat slices, unlimited soups and super bright orange noodles.  When you make your plate, you start out with the meats, chicken, pork, beef, and imitation crab meat; then you move onto a good variety of veggies, and you top it all with noodles and sauces. Sometimes, the owner (this tall Chinese guy) will "help you" pile on the noodles and sauces for you, which I thought was helpful the first couple of times.  So here's the good:----------------------------------------it's tasty AYCE-the price is cheap, $5.95-every veggie was fresh-all the frozen meats are put back in the freezer when there's no customers making their plate-you can get a box to take home your unfinished first plate, but not your second, third, etc-you don't have to stand there awkwardly and wait for your plate, the owner will deliver it to your table piping hotNOW, here's the BAAAHHHHADD:------------------------------------------------the owner-the owner-the owner-where's the phuckin' Mongolian grill?! (I'm referring to the round, cast-iron griddle) Your food is cooked on a flat top, it's not the same; your broccoli will NOT cook on this flat top that fast. -the owner-oh yeah, and the owner-lack of ice-the tall Chinese guy who's possibly the owner-bright orange noodles are not my favorite, it's been mooshy the last few plates-it's really awkward in there if you're the only patrons and the owner decides to stare you down-the tall Chinese guy who's possibly the owner makes his full-term pregnant wife clean the tables, are you phuckin' kidding me?! She could've popped the baby girl out like skittles if she was to clean the table any fasterYou might have noticed that I mentioned the crap-of-an-owner a couple of times. Let me explain. Aside from my disappointment that the food here isn't cooked on a round grill, synonymous with Mongolian BBQ, the food is tasty and I was generally fed. But the owner, THEEEE OWNER.. was not nice to me, my bestie, or the group I brought in to support this local "wonder."  People review how nice the owner is and how pleasant he is. BOLOGNA! He helped me pile up my noodles and sauces, yet he didn't help the guys or the non-Asians. Here, you might think he has a racial preference, but no, that's not the case. He continued to monitor my bestie and I, every single time we went back to get more food. I noticed he let everyone else do their own plate, except for us. Now, you might think, maybe he just wants to help so we won't have to lift a finger, but nope, that's not the case either. So what's his problem?! I will never know, because I phuckin' hate his sarcastic attitude and I will never go back. He also loved to chit chat with EVERYONE (basically the non-Asians) in the restaurant except for us. Now again, maybe we vibed out to him as don't bother us, but really, you're going to chat it up with every customer but us.  (and every time, there was barely any other customers besides my posse and I)Here's the cherry topper, I have a photographer friend who needed to expand his portfolio for school, he politely asked the owner if he could take pictures in the restaurant and use it.  The owner being the ass sarcastically said, "you making money?" He then continued saying that he didn't want his picture taken and kept asking if we made money and how did we make money. Now, do we look like we make money?! If we made money, did you think we'd frequent your shop?! He was absolutely rude and sarcastic to us, I just felt so disappointed and ashamed that I had brought my out of town friends to this place. It wasn't at all welcoming or comfortable to eat here.Oh yeah, don't forget the super pregnant wife he made work while he sat down to read the paper. Yeah, phuckin' jerk.Overall, I'd honestly give 1.254 stars because he was an ass that made my general opinion on the place horrible. But, that would be honestly unfair so 3 stars is more than enough decent. Food was edible and tasty, owner was a jerk. -_-
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,10/2/2013,3695,1087,27,28,24>GREAT FOR POOCHES!I definitely would not say this is an easy hike but if you want to get a good sweat going, Runyon Canyon is great. LOTS of incline and rocky trails. Make sure you wear sunblock and bring water...and for christ sake...wear the right shoes!I just went on this hike this past Saturday and I AM SORE IN THE WEIRDEST PLACES. That must mean that I am out of shape. I plan on going again this weekend.I'M GOING TO MAKE RUNYON CANYON MY B*TCH. not the other way around.
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/30/2013,10/1/2013,818,503,26,28,30>The Flintridge Proper is a nice addition to the City of La Canada-Flintridge.I'll have to be honest that I was a little leary of trying out this new restaurant for the following reasons:* It's in the same space formerly known as the old "Los Gringos Locos" in one of the city's older strip malls.  It's right next to UPS and it doesn't really have a lot of curb appeal from the outside.  * I looked at the menu online and the prices were on the expensive side. *  La Canada-Flintride is kind of a sleepy little suburb and not a foodie destination by any means.I may have to stand corrected because I really liked it and I'm happy to have a new option close to home.Food:  4/5 StarsThe crusty bread was good, but not warm which would have been nice.  They serve it on a cutting board, but it has already been cut up. Note:  That shaved substance next to the bread is not cheese as I thought.  I took a bite and had a very rude awakening because it was very salty butter.  I asked our fabulous server, Jean (pronouned John), if they had unsalted butter, but they did not.  He did say they had olive oil which we used instead.  This is the only reason I am taking 1 star off the rating on food.  Note:  I also think freshly baked sourdough bread might be nice.  Just an idea.My friend and Yelper Jill H. and I shared a nice bottle of Cabernet sauvignon, a 2009 vintage from Five Vintners in Napa Valley. Thank you to my sweet friend and Yelper, Tess M.,  who saw my photo of the bottle and found the name for me. The price was in alignment with the rest of the cocktails and was $50.00 for the bottle.   Next time I visit Flintridge Proper I may ask if I can bring my own and if they have a corkage fee.Next, we chose the Native Hahamongna Greens with Proper Vinaigrette ($7.00) for our salad and that was delicious.  Note:   Hahamongna is a rare spot about a half mile away.  It is a lovely watershed park in the Arroyo Seco and next to JPL if you are curious about the name.  A lot of the items on the menu, including the cocktails are named after local landmarks like:  The Descanso, Switzer Campfire, Devil's Gate, The Spartan, The Golden Knight, and The Sacred Heart.     Jean, our server,  told us the chef goes to the farmer's market every morning to pick up fresh ingredients.    I'd  definitely order that Native Hahamongna Greens again because it was simple, yet very tasty.  The greens had a nutty flavor with some little yellow edible flowers on top.  The cracked pepper really tasted fresh too. The entrée we chose to split was the Grilled Salmon ($21.00) and I loved that.  It was served on top of black lentils, marinated tomatoes, asparagus and had a nice vinaigrette that was just right.Service:  5/5 StarsKatherine was the hostess and she was extrememly personable and sweet.  She actually made our reservation for us at the last minute too.  The restaurant was full by 6:30 p.m., so I'm glad she had an extra table for two available.  Jean, our server from France, was excellent.  He was always there to refill our wine glasses at the perfect moment, as well as offering excellent suggestions about the menu.  The bus staff and everyone else were good too.  I did see a gentlemen that looked like he was the manager going to visit a couple tables.  It would have been nice if we had the opportunity to speak with him as well to find out upcoming plans with the restaurant.   I would love to see them start some kind type of "Happy Hour".    Hopefully, he reads this review.Atmosphere:  4/5 StarsI really like the equestrian motif and pub feel with the book cases. The oyster bar area was nice with the huge skylight overhead.  The walls of the restaurant are composed of beautiful dark wood shelves that have been nicely decorated with various memoriabilia.  It really reminded me of a pub or the library/study at The Boddy House in Descanso Gardens.  The black horse head hooks and white wainscoting in the ladies restroom was very nice.  The wait staff wore cool looking uniforms that consisted of dark wash Levi's, a crisp white shirt and black vest.  The bar area also has some tables for dining and the lighting is more subdued.  The main dining room is substantially brighter which I think is good for the families.  They open up the curtains in the early evening so you can see the beautiful San Gabriel Mountains.Parking:  3/5 StarsThis restaurant is in a strip mall, so the parking is limited.  When I arrived at 6:15 p.m. I snagged the last possible space.  My friend ended up parking across the street over by Round Table Pizza.  I saw something about a valet on their website, but didn't notice a valet when I was there.Misc. Info:The month of March was sort a soft opening and I believe they are having their grand opening Monday, April 1, 2013.  I would recommend that you visit this restaurant and decide for yourself.  Also, I took plenty of photos of the interior, the salad and entrée so you can get an idea.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,9/30/2013,685,98,37,42,40>WHOA ! Did I just find myself a NEW massage spot ?! I think so (;I came in late with the fams so we called in to request 4 masseuses to stay just a tad later than they normally would, and they were more than happy to accomodate us ! YAYY. Each foot massage is $15 and full body massages are $25. But seriously, they rub down your WHOLE body during a standard foot massage anyway ! It's SO WORTH IT. They spend about 50 minutes on your shoulders, head, and back, then about 10 minutes on your feet ! What a STEAL !They started off by bringing us each a cup of hot tea and our buckets of hot foot soak water. My guy started off with my shoulders and worked out every kink I had ! Let me tell you, being a chef gives you TONS of kinks ! (HEHEHE does that make me a kinky chef ?! LOLL) He even rubbed oil into my extremely tense shoulders ! I HAVE NEVER BEEN TO AN ASIAN FOOT MASSAGE PLACE THAT RUBS YOU DOWN WITH OIL ! WHOAA.He then put me face down onto the massage chair with the towel lined face cutout. And then he.. wait for it.. pulled my shirt up and unhooked my bra ! I was so horrified for a second, until he lathered a bunch of oil onto my back and just went at it. It was seriously the most AMAZING feeling in the world. He worked out every muscle in my shoulders, back, and butt. I was in massage heaven. He knew exactly what spots to hit and his pressure was ON POINT.He then flipped me over and started working on my head and face then eventually moved down to my feet. Before he finished, he relaxed my entire body and pulled me up to a sitting position to shock my muscles one last time.I know that people usually only tip $5 at Asian foot massage places, but seriously, you HAVE TO tip these guys a little more for doing such an AMAZING job. I tip them anywhere from $10-$15 when I go, depending on how the massage felt. The next time your in the valley, this is definitely a MUST TRY. I think I shall take my grandma here tonight to experience the extreme pampering (;
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,9/29/2013,1206,320,36,43,41>So, I've been on the hunt for a car wash that was completely hand washed. I didn't want anything automated since I'm paranoid about getting scratches from those machines... not that my car doesn't have any, but who wants to risk getting more?! Upon a recommendation from my friend and the various positive reviews here, I decided to give it a try.Right now the entrance is a bit weird because there is construction right outside the normal entrance so you maneuver around the construction to get in. I pulled up and decided that I would get a hand wax special for $49.99. I explained that I was short on time so the guy said he would have two guys work on my car. So, that was perfect. The guy that took my 'order' was friendly and understanding. I appreciated the fact that he put two people on my car to get me out quickly. Oh and I got cherry air fresher to make sure it smelling brand new!They vacuumed my car completely, which was needed since it was so dirty inside from dirt and leaves and whatever else you can imagine. When they took my car to enter the car wash, they pre-washed it so to speak. They had a high power water hose to blast my dirty rims and the body of my car along with some pre-soaping. That helped a lot since nature hasn't been too kind to my car the past couple of months. You know how that goes from random acts of nature... aka birds, bugs, etc. After the "pre-wash", it got the full wash by hand with all the water, soap, and bubbles. It went through the car wash without a hitch and had a nice air dry. Of course, I watched my baby go through as if it was a dog ready to jump out of a bath. Luckily, my car was good and didn't fight back. ;) It knew it was time for a wash!Soapy goodness: yelp.com/biz_photos/temp…Air dry: yelp.com/biz_photos/temp…They drove it around to the hand waxing area and they had the air pump to blow air out of the crevices so that little water droplets wouldn't come out. I hate that! If you get a normal wash, they park the cars closer to the first exit. They did my wax job and after everything was said and done, it was about 35 minutes, which was pretty fast.The inside has plenty of things to keep you busy. You buy stuff, grab a drink, get some coffee, or play some arcade games to bring you back to 90s. Haha. You can watch your car go through the whole car wash. Outside is another waiting area with places to sit and a huge flat TV screen to keep you entertained.My car was ready and I went over to do my normal walk around inspection and everything was excellent. I opened the trunk to put something inside and a couple of drips fell and they were quick to wipe it. I was actually going to wipe it myself, but they did it for me and wiped the edges of the trunk to get any bits of water. I tipped them and then I was on my way.The inside was super clean too. I was actually surprised because I had pretty low expectations to begin with, but it was really clean inside considering I only had the waxing option and not the detailing option. It felt like detailing though... so I drove away happy.Overall, this was a pleasant experience and they did an excellent job. I will be back again because my car was well taken care of. What more could you ask for??? C'mon down!!!
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2013,9/28/2013,377,492,19,27,22>Anniversary Dinner Part 1: Fleming's Prime Rib Dinner (available only on Sundays) = Awesome Deal!  For $29.99, the dinner includes a salad, prime rib, side and dessert!  The promotion recently ended and I believe the dinner is now $39.50.  It's still a great deal IMO. *Salad: choice of The New Wedge, Modern Caesar or Fleming's Salad.  I always order the Fleming's Salad which comes with candied walnuts, dried cranberries, tomatoes, onions and herbed crostini.  It's a very light and refreshing salad.    *Prime Rib: Medium Rare is the way to go!  It had the perfect meat to fat ratio and was cooked perfectly.  It came with a trio of sauces.  The au jus is the best.    Sides: Creamed Sweet Corn and Grilled Asparagus.  Both were delicious!  I enjoyed the lightly battered sliced jalapeno on top of the creamed corn.  It gave it a lil kick when eaten together.  Both sides complemented the prime rib well.  Desserts: Crème Brulee and Cheesecake.  Loved them both!  My favorite is the crème brulee.  It was HUGE and topped with fresh fruits.  The cheesecake was light and smooth.   I wanted to try the carrot cake but they ran out =(  Complimentary Bread: soft and warm...Love the spreads that came with it!  Service: Thumbs UP!  Our server Zack (I think he's also known as James) provided excellent service.  He was friendly and very attentive.  Ask for Zack the next time you're there! Parking: 2 hrs FREE validation at the East Garage!  FYI, if you're celebrating a birthday, anniversary, promotion, etc, Fleming's hooks you up!  We received a box of truffles and a $25 gift card for our next visit.  SCORE!  =D Tip #1: Go to Costco and get the giftcards... Two $50 GC for $80!Tip #2: Don't forget to grab some chocolate mints on the way out!
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2013,9/27/2013,400,253,33,40,38>I came here for a lunch date with some fellow Yelpers on our quest to try all things Downey! They specialize in tortas ahogadas with their "La Original" being their most popular item on the menu. This little spot seems to be happening as they had a consistent flow of customers!So in my attempt to save a few cents here and there I opted for the number 1 combo which consists of a torta ahogada, a taco dorado and a drink all for $6.99 which is a steal! yelp.com/biz_photos/tort…I went with carnitas for my torta and frijoles for my taco. So if you are asking yourself what is a torta ahogada I will tell you it's basically a wet style torta usually consisting of carnitas, frijoles, & cebolla (onion) and then "drowned" with chile sauce. So you will need to eat with a knife and fork. The carnitas here were very juicy and came in large chunks! I grabbed some picante salsa from their awesome salsa bar as well as some guacamole salsa and poured it on because I love myself some spicy! It was quite delicious and by the end of the meal I was ready to pop the top button of my pants.I've read other reviews commenting on terrible service but the ladies working the register were very kind and brought out our plates with a big smile on their faces! I have seen this spot be transformed from many different restaurants throughout the years and hope that Tortas Bravas will continue to serve top notch carnitas! I will definitely come back and grab me some chilaquiles.
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,9/26/2013,842,430,30,20,18>After a couple of failed attempts to kill a burrito craving, I came to a place that I knew would murder that shit. Not only did El Rey kill my craving. El Rey serial killed that shit. Cut it up in little pieces, wrapped it in plastic trash bags and dumped it in the middle of the ocean so it wouldn't resurface ever. But the burrito was so good I'm sure my craving will come back sooner than later. Same great meat quality with choices of carne asada, al pastor, carnitas, pollo and some other shit I can't spell (yeah it's that authentic). I get my burrito simple, all meat nothing else. Puro Carne. The salsa and salad bar in this little hole in the wall spot is gratis, so you can get you fill of veggies that way.PS. brush up on your español before coming here, you might miss it when they call out your order. You'll be waiting for your order forever cuz it wouldn't be authentic if the workers are speaking english, right?!
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2013,9/25/2013,2495,2210,21,31,26>While waiting on my car in the crowded valet stand behind the space that used to house Playa, I ran into Esdras O. of Mexicali, one of my favorite food people in Los Angeles.  We talked about Petty Cash and the tacos we'd just had, and Esdras joked that he'd have to step up his game.  In the world of L.A. Latin cuisine, Petty Cash falls somewhere between Mexicali and Playa.  It's casual, but not quick-bite-after-work casual.  It's pricey, but not for that Friday night meal out with friends.  Basically, it hits a sweet spot that I'd like to revisit, and based on my first dinner here, I think and hope that Petty Cash has staying power.It's a palpably cool sort of place.  The decor and attitude are very much in line with the David Chang/Instagram/Banksy aesthetic popular with the young hep diners of L.A.  The walls are covered in graphic murals by a named street artist, and the large bar and communal tables create a lot of cheerful noise, though I'm glad to say you can still hear your friends.  I came with four of my best girlfriends, at the invitation of Janice K., who nabbed what looked to be a difficult reservation.  There was a long email chain involved in planning this dinner, with warnings and passwords and rules passed from restaurant to reserver to friends.  Things were easy when we arrived - no one asked for my password, and service was generally good, with a few forgivable hitches.  Our servers were always on their feet, but they took the time to be friendly.I used to depend on Playa for cocktails in this part of town, so I was happy to hear that Julian Cox was behind this drink menu.  I had a Oaxacan Old Fashioned, made with tequila, mezcal, bitters, and orange oil, and available on tap for a reasonable $8.  It was smooth and strong and delicious, and I will get one every time I come to Petty Cash.  I also liked the Banana Hammock, a sweet pleasant refresher made with rum, a banana infusion, lime, tamarind, and cassia.The food was excellent.  We started with crispy brussels sprouts, guacamole, and the "pocho style" quesadilla to share.  The brussels sprouts were leafed apart and fried dark and earthy, served with a rich, spicy Morita-cauliflower crema that played well with the bitter edge of the charred sprouts.  The guacamole was good, though the most forgettable part of the meal.  It was nicely acidic, a little thinner than I prefer, but ultimately tasty, satisfying guac.  We ate it with tortilla chips, which also came with a neat spread of vibrant salsas.  The "pocho style" quesadilla came in lovely little wedges, flour tortilla holding zucchini flower, jack cheese, and crema, garnished with slivers of chile pepper that added a good heat to each bite.We also shared a bowl of aguachile en molcajete, which I strongly recommend.  This is a customizable menu item, a sort of build-your-own chilled seafood cocktail.  We chose gulf white prawns, sea urchin, and oysters, and they all came swimming in this spicy, acidic soup, some combination of tomato, brine, citrus, and I'm certain a dozen other things.  It was good enough to sip on its own, but the seafood was also wonderful.  I loved the sweet, chewy little prawns, and the soft tongues of sea urchin were more or less perfect, rich and silky and close to dissolving.  I was indifferent to the oysters, which didn't strike me as very high quality, but they weren't bad, either.  The aguachile came with small jars of broth on the side, and these were warm, limey, and redolent with seafood in a way that seemed almost Korean.  We were instructed to alternate bites of aguachile with sips of the broth, and that method was fun and delicious.The tacos made up the bulk of our dinner, and they were superb.  They cost $4-5 apiece, with discounts in threes and sixes.  The tortillas were fresh, thin, and sturdy, and the meats were consistently great.  Our whole table agreed that the best taco was "The Kraken," with grilled octopus, charred chile de arbol, and peanuts.  The octopus was supple, tender, and fully flavored, and the chile added a legitimate punch of heat.  I also loved the al pastor, which came with some dripping juicy fancy-restaurant-level pork, moderated with a bit of sweet, tangy pineapple.  The prime beef striploin carne asada was meaty and simple, with refried beans and guacamole.  The weakest link was the Baja fish taco, with beer-battered wild striped bass, pico de gallo, cabbage, and crema.  The fish was flaky and noticeably pedigreed, but the taco didn't pop.  It was pleasant but somehow almost bland.  When it comes to the basic tacos, Petty Cash does well but doesn't threaten cheaper shops like Mexicali or Ricky's.  I doubt Esdras lost sleep Friday.My dinner cost a neat $40, expensive for a taco meal, but not for one with octopus, sea urchin, and mezcal.  We had a great time at Petty Cash, and I expect to come back with reliable frequency.  It's a great go-to in a part of town where I'm always looking for an easy but vibrant option.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,9/24/2013,189,28,39,47,24>I am going back! This spa by far is my current favorite.  I have been frequenting Korean spas over the last 10 years and have had some mixed experiences....and some really hilarious moments, but I think the first time you go to any Korean spa (not being Korean), there are a few things you need to get over and get used to.  Again, this is not a fancy Burke Williams kind of experience.  Always remember that Burke Williams and other "fancy" spa places that offer an array of different styles of massage are basically the equivalent to eating at BJ's or TGI-Fridays.  If that's your thing then cool.  Do it!!  I prefer the real thing.The ladies where so friendly here and spoke enough English, that I think this might actually be a good place for  K-spa first timers.  So long as you understand it is in a skeezy strip mall, it is VERY small in comparison to others and you are willing to learn the etiquette.  Don't be the loud, giggling,dumb girl trying to cover your bits with your hands, in a room of naked women, who are obviously not caring about your way too waxed vag.  Don't trip because your scrubber/hostess is wearing black lacy underwear while scrubbing you.  This is a thing and that is how it is. Have respect the minute you walk in the door.  If it is your first time, tell the hostess, so she can tell you what will happen, in order for you not to be humiliated later on.  They are happy to have new customers of all color, shape and size, so long as you are respectful.  Be clean, shower in between every sauna and tub and when your name is called for your scrub, say hello and excuse yourself to the shower in front of her, shower then come back to her. Today, I let the lady at the desk know that I had been to Korean spas before.  It made the world of difference!  Usually when they see a white chick come in or non Korean, they immediately think you are a newb.  She asked me which ones I had been too and I named about 4.  She giggled and pointed me towards the lockers.  ZERO awkwardness in my 10 years of doing this, for the first time! Why didn't I think of communicating before?  Communication is key.  Am I some sort of veteran now?  HELL no.  Still an asshole, until proven otherwise.5 stars because of the actual treatment.  Book your appointment in advance and ask for Sunny.  Book a morning appointment (I was the only one there this AM and only encountered a couple loud dumb chicks upon my exit), 10 or 11 AM and be sure to get there an hour before, to bask in the (very small) herbal bath and lay on the Himalayan sea salt beds.I was there for 3 hours today and the actual procedure was 2 hours.  Allow yourself time.  You will be slapped down on a table and if you get Sunny, she will scoop up huge buckets of hot water and heave them on you about 10 times.  You are then meticulously scrubbed (every inch, this is not for the modest) from head to toe. More buckets of hot water are heaved.  You will be asked to stand up, shower, then she holds your hand and walks you to the sauna for 10 minutes, comes back and grabs your hand, back to the table. Then drenched with what seems like an entire drum of oil and massaged (umm seriously, ask for SUNNY), while hot towels are continuously replaced under your neck.  Wiped off, oiled up again with something different, then you get wrapped in a tight cocoon.  Just when you think you've had enough, she comes back to poke wholes in the cocoon and pull out your hands and feet for more massaging.  Meanwhile your face is covered with cold shaved cucumbers and your head is finished off by twisting hot towels under your neck and pulling your head with them.  Lastly...your hair is thoroughly shampooed.  With Suave (or I dunno, just smelled cheap)....but honestly, she could have rubbed shit in my hair at that point I was so damned happy :)I am very shiny now.REALLY good experience today.  However I screwed up and forgot to buy some salt eggs on my way out.  DAMMIT!  Guess I have to go back soon....
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2013,9/23/2013,635,232,21,29,24>We were at The Smell down the street to check out some music when we realized we needed to be drunk in order to enjoy it. So in between sets we waltzed around the neighborhood and first stumbled upon The Edison...and saw the line of about ten thousand people in stripper heels and full suits and concluded it wasn't our scene. We asked a security dude standing on the street, "where can we just get drunk, without a cover or a dress code?" La Costena, that's where!La Costena is a very unassuming, completely Latino bar. And it is AMAZING! From the laid-back locals (one of whom told us he had been going there every day for TEN YEARS...I'll get back to this guy), to the bumpin' Spanish pop hits, to the cheap and ever-flowin' beers, and cute, giggly bar tenders, La Costena has got it goin' on. It also has hispanic women in short dresses who get into pseudo-fights, kicking each other in wedge heels and involving most of the bar patrons to separate...which adds up to complete hilarity. And although there is no dance floor, this does not hamper any one from making any open space into an all-out dance arena. For you white folk, or those of you who just can't dance salsa or the like, you are certainly welcome to dance your drunk white-boy moves with the best of em, as I saw many a person do. To top it all off, I was there with a dude, and the old Mexican Local, whose name I sadly cannot recall, kept buying us round after round of beers! Just because!Just good vibes all around here, tons of laughter and friendly banter between everyone here, and you don't gotta wear dress shoes or PAY to drink here. The fun is free.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,9/22/2013,478,150,9,25,19>It is Silver Lake's MOST magical spectacle! A few years ago, during the winter holiday season, while driving on W. Silver Lake Dr. ,during evening time, towards Rowena Ave, I noticed this huge tree filled with all kinds of lit up chandeliers. It was so amazing that I had to stop and turn around to get a better look. I couldn't believe my eyes! Immediately, my heart lit up (no pun intended) and I felt all giddy inside, very much like a small child at Disneyland. It. was. magical. Then I thought, well, that's a clever way to decorate for the holidays! Leave it to Silver Lake to be so eclectically creative (not to say that other communities aren't creative!)!But later, when driving at night after the holidays, the tree was fully lit! WOW! So, the tree is lit up all year!  Then I thought, wow, they must have a huge electric bill. Well, passing by a few months ago, I noticed one of those former vintage parking meters on the corner of their yard all decorated and stuff. It turns out, this is where they accept donations to help pay for their bill. Very clever. When I pass by at night, and when the tree is lit up, I'll notice either several people stopping their vehicles or walking by to admire this magnificent tree. My friends will sometimes request that we stop by to see the tree. Even our out of town friends will come by to admire this tree. Where is this tree, you might ask? It's located on the southwest corner of W. Silver Lake Dr. and Shadowlawn Ave.  I have included a link to a video documenting the story behind the Chandelier Tree. Funny, this video just came out about a day ago: boingboing.net/2013/07/0…
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2013,9/21/2013,660,307,16,17,21>Holy Cronut!My first ever cronut experience and I'm glad it was Frances Bakery that took away my cronut virginity. It's like the baker took the fluffiest cloud, plucked it out of the sky, deep fried it, filled it with custard, dusted it with sugar, and drizzled it with icing. It was love at first crispy, custard filled, bite! I'm getting the chills just thinking about it!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,9/19/2013,282,108,14,24,20>I absolutely love Chinese food. Thank goodness there is a local Chinese restaurant in the neighborhood that serves authentic dishes similar to some places in Chinatown. Coral Reef has been a part of Atwater Village since I remember. I've been coming here since I was a kid. I never got tired of their food. Aside from Chinatown, this is my favorite local Chinese restaurant. This place satisfies my craving for delicious Chinese food. Here are some of the dishes I've tried but not all because I will go on forever:1. Combination Fried Rice: Can't go wrong with this dish. Very fresh and tasty.2. Kung Pao Chicken: So flavorful and saucy. My favorite dish.3. Tangerine Chicken: Very tangy and sweet. So good.4. Squid with Spicy Salt: So delicious.5. Pan Fried Noodles: Crispy and fresh with lots of flavor. It's a must-try.Everything is so divine. You must try it to believe it.Overall, great quality food, inexpensive, and huge portions. What more can you ask for? Servers are friendly and the service is fast. We literally just ordered and got our food right away.If you don't feel like driving to Chinatown then I suggest you come here for some authentic Chinese food. You won't be disappointed.Tip: They do takeout. You can call your order in and in 10 minutes your food is ready to be picked up and dinner is served at home.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2013,9/18/2013,1168,209,22,33,26>*********************************200th Review *********************************I'm always astonished and impressed when restaurants offering ethnic cuisines besides sushi and kabob open up in La Crescenta/Montrose. When I heard that a Sri Lankan restaurant, of all cuisines, opened up in my neighborhood I couldn't pass it up. I stopped in for lunch to try their biryani bowls, all of which sound great but after the generous owner offered me a sample of the shrimp biryani, I was sold. The shrimp was cooked perfectly, not hard and rubbery which can easily happen in a stew-like dish. The flavors from the various spices burst, popped, and exploded in my mouth. It was quite the experience. The only critique I have is that it was a bit too salty for my taste but still great. The restaurant screams home-cooked with my Sri-Lankan parents in the kitchen whipping me up a good old-fashioned home-cooked meal. The whole place is spotless, like I would pretty much eat off the counters they keep it so clean. The beverages are kept in a fridge at the front of the restaurant and they offer the healthy 365 Whole Foods 100% cane sugar colas, which I love. And the prices are very reasonable too; my shrimp biryani was only $6.29. It's a great place for lunch or a casual dinner any night of the week! I can't believe it took me a whole year since they opened to finally try it but I'm so glad I did. I'm bringing the fam here for dinner next time my real mom's taking a night off from cooking!*********************************200th Review *********************************
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,9/17/2013,327,175,22,28,26>What a fun place to browse, eat and drink! I've come here a couple of times and I've always had a good time! Sometimes too much fun... What am I talking about!? There's no such thing as too much fun! Olvera Street is full of culture, great authentic Mexican food and GREAT Cadillac Margaritas! There's definitely no shortage of places to eat, places to drink, or places to shop! There's cute kiosks all through the middle with fun souvenirs, clothings and Mexican candy.It's also located right across from The Union Train Station, so if you're near a Train Station, hop on and head to Olvera Street!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,9/16/2013,72,446,30,32,30>I wonder if there's a support group for people with a brownie addiction?  Just curious, because I may have to join that support group soon, since I'm such a fan of those scrumptious brownies at Beverly Hills Brownie Company.  Sorry, I just can't seem to help myself when I see those brownies, let alone eat them.  They're always so carefully decorated, waiting so gracefully to be taken, and so moist when we connect.  Alright, the very thought of the brownies are making me quiver uncontrollably, because I'm nowhere near the location to fix my withdrawal!  This darn brownie addiction!All jokes aside, I thought the cupcake craze was amazing.  Well, in my opinion, cupcakes are good, but brownies are the new phenomenon.  On my last visit to Beverly Hills Brownie Company, I tried their newest flavor, Cookies and Cream.  Oh, my, my, my, that brownie was delicious!  It was like eating a brownie sandwich with cookies and cream filling, all adorned with an edible and decorative design atop the brownie that was also made with cookies and cream.  Of course, the brownies may have many calories but, so what, you owe it to yourself to indulge your sweet tooth at least once a week with something really good.  Usually, I opt for the Chocolate Mint Chip Brownie, but they were out of the regular sized Mint Brownies on my last visit.  However, they had the mini Mint Brownies, so I bought the mini size, along with the regular size Cookies and Cream.  There's an array of flavors, all from Red Velvet, Vanilla, and Mocha Latte, to Classic Walnut, Caramel Blondie, and Cream Cheese Chocolate Chip.  Regular sized brownies are $3.50 and worth it.  If you think that's expensive, just put it in your budget and treat yourself!All in all, and speaking of budget, I better think about saving to join a support group for brownie addicts.  Well, I don't think I'm a brownie addict yet, but I'm a devoted fan.  Not only are the brownies good at Beverly Hills Brownie Company, but the staff does a good job of being suggestive and friendly.  Good product and a good staff is definitely a recipe for success!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,9/15/2013,606,426,13,18,18>// LOCATION // In the Square Supermarket Food Court// SERVICE // Great. A very motherly woman runs the show here and is quick and attentive.// FOOD //     + Bun Bo Hue: Bring in your own pots and she will fill it up with Bun Bo broth (Vietnamese beef noodle soup) and meat! You just tell her how much you are willing to pay. Feed an entire party of people with delish food for a very low price tag. I fed 10 adults two huge servings each for $30.*tip: Bring separate pots, one for soup and one for meat so the meat won't get overcooked or fall apart.
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/15/2013,9/14/2013,334,325,9,13,14>Ah, Super King Market. Here lies a bargain of good things.So, I've been doing this thing lately. Juicing. Did you know this is kind of a pricey habit? Yeah, it totally is.  But, when I need things like carrots, cucumbers, beets, and other produce for a good deal and for pretty good quality, this is clearly the place to go.On a day like today, there was also fresh litchi available. Granted, I didn't get any, but it's definitely cool to know that I'll be able to find more exotic fresh produce at Super King when they get it in. Apricots, peaches and more, beautiful signs of a bountiful summer.  Cucumbers at 5 for a $1.Bring your reusable bags, or else be prepared to pay 20cents per plastic bag.The meat section is commendable. The fish section is all right. Basmati Rice is worth the price. And there's a bit more throughout the store.I must admit, I know that a Super King gets bloody crowded, but my first forray into the store on a Saturday afternoon was pretty damn chill! What luck!Parking can be a tight pain. Patrons can be extremely annoying with stopping randomly, parking their carts slant-wise in an aisle and generally losing a bit of intelligence inside of a grocery store, like most grocery store patrons do.Great bargains, decent stock, and people know it.
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2013,9/13/2013,627,515,12,68,23>Hermit Falls is a beautiful hike within LA county. The falls itself has a few waterfall locations with the largest one at the end. I believe they have water here all year long, but during the summer months the water is just trickling down until you get to the end. You also need to purchase a parking pass in order to park at the site. The cost is $5. Make sure you purchase it otherwise you'll be getting a ticket for $100!Once you get to the end of the hike you can go swimming if you want. You also have the option of jumping down off of a cliff into the water. One jump is around 25 feet and the other one is approximately 45 feet. Make sure to do a pencil dive into the water otherwise you run the possibility of getting hurt. During my visit a girl was looking down at the water and slipped off of the boulder. She fell a good 50+ feet and landed on a rock at the bottom. Someone had to call for help which can be difficult since reception is hard to find in the area. Within an hour a sheriff helicopter dropped off two paramedics with a stretcher. There was also 4 firefighters and 2 search & rescue personnel that climbed down the mountain to help her out. She was eventually airlifted out. It's crazy how in one second your life can change. Please don't be an idiot when you come here. In the past 2 years, 5 people have died and countless more have been injured. This is nature and it is beautiful, but you can get seriously injured. This isn't the type of place to joke around and pretend to push your friend.Enjoy the hike and the water, but remember to be smart and be safe!!!
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,9/12/2013,875,170,14,21,19>Oh, so I haven't written a review of this place?  The place I always throw around as an option when friends are like "Where she would go after this?"  The bar I bring up when someone asks for a decent dive bar recommendation?  The same place where the Talking Heads song starts playing in everyone's heads and, while sitting down in the vinyl-covered booths, everyone agrees; this must be the place?Yeah, this is the place.There's a simplicity to HMS Bounty that makes me feel connected to everything about it -- from the outdated decor, to the sweet bar owner who freely chats up a storm with the patrons, to the jazz music you pretend to know who's playing through the audio speakers, and even a connection to the people around you.  Maybe you've arrived with a friend or two, or maybe you're flying solo, and you don't know anyone there; but you know they're there because there's just something about this place that feels like home."Home is where I want to be. Pick me up and turn me 'round." If there was ever a hodgepodge of patrons, though, this place has it. You've got skinny jeans meet 60-something year olds wearing their original Wrangler jeans. And they can probably out drink you. Just let them. Maybe they'll offer to buy you a drink, like they have for me. (They're certainly cheap enough here.) By the end of the night, you'll walk away thinking this is how a bar is supposed to be. It feels like home, and it's probably because, aside from the nautical-themed decor, it doesn't try to aspire to be anything more than just an anchored ship for weary travelers."Home is where I want to be, but I guess I'm already there."
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,9/11/2013,492,151,14,23,18>Gamja Tang?! What is that..... I was a noob before I visited Gam Ja Gol. Like others have mentioned, gamja tang is a delicious pork bone potato soup. The meat is fall off the bone good! It's supposed to be spicy, but I didn't find it hot at all. Just temperature hot. It's my first time having it, so I have nothing to compare it to. I just know I loved it. It has good flavor. They mix in perilla leaves, which has a distinct flavor that went perfectly with the stew. There are hardly any potatoes in there, but there was a good amount of meat so I'm fine with that.You can ask for kimchi rice after your meal. The waitress will help you prep it and that was a whole meal in itself! Trust me..... It's a lot of food. The first time I went, our table got the medium-sized gamja tang ($32.99) meant to feed 4 people. The second time we got the small-sized ($27.99). There was a bunch of leftovers on both visits. They also have a large size for parties of 6 or more. Service was excellent for a Korean restaurant. I don't have the best experiences at Asian spots in general. This was an exception. The waitress was friendly and always smiled when she helped us. Even though it was after-hours, she did not show any sign of being irritated. Thanks to fellow Yelpers, Frank and Niki, for introducing me to this place and gamja tang. I'm addicted now.
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2013,9/10/2013,301,398,17,24,18>I knew I would like it after 5-6 years of waiting to try this place out! We made reservations here so many times in the past although plans and scheduling always seemed to run interference with our Mozza visit.  We sauntered in here late with an 11 PM reservation although reservations only hold tables not pizza bar seats, hence we waited an additional 15 minutes for pizza bar seating. We wanted to see all the action of pizza making (well what was left of it, they close at midnight).We ordered light, both items were cooked in their wood fired oven fired with almond wood:- Calamari al forno in olive oil lemon and oregano served on a small nest of beans this was a nice way to start the meal, fresh and lively flavors, tender calamari, but very small portion, I think 6 pieces total $11- Bianca pizza with the Italian sottocerne truffle cheese (one of my favorite cheeses) and the addicting salted and fried sage leaves on top.  The crust was so light and crispy and the pizza was a bit salty but delicious...4 slices- $18We chatted it up with the nicest pizza chef Nikko who graciously answered all of our questions.  We closed the house down and were the last to leave.  It was a fun experience and I would definitely return...although my only seat in future will be at that pizza bar where all of the action is.  NOTE: Happy Hour is the best bang for the buck at the pizza bar Monday through Thursday 12 PM - 5 PM or late night 10 PM -12 PM $20 gets you a pizza, glass of wine, (or alternate beverage for non wine drinkers) and dessert (that would normally cost approximately $45).
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,9/9/2013,1147,1224,10,27,18>Tried all they had to offer at the Silver Lake farmer's market because they are so generous with samples! There was a pineapple bread pudding, the caramel flan, and an ube pudding.In the end my friend and I shared an ube pudding with a crumble on top. It was so creamy, so sweet. YUM. Ube is a purple yam and often used in Filipino desserts. It's nice that they warm it up for you first.I hope to try more of their treats soon!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2013,9/8/2013,295,101,42,37,39>Cans Cans Baby, Cans Cans BabyAll right stop, Collaborate and listenRecycle cans and plastic into a new inventionSomething grabs a hold of me tightlyThe friendly service daily and nightlyWill it ever stop? Yo - I don't knowPull up to the lot and they treat you like a pro To the extreme they rock service like a vandalTake any coupons and wax the competition like a candle.Sort, then line up to the scale that boomsThere's carts and bins and plenty of room Bottles, made for beers or HennessyAnything without a recycle symbol isn't a felonySort it and weigh it, They will show you the wayThey take paper and metal, And toys kids don't playIf you wanna know the price, Yo, I'll solve itCheck out my pics while my review revolves itCans Cans Baby, Cans Cans Baby
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,9/7/2013,623,222,20,23,22>By far the best vape place in the San Gabriel area I've been to.(+) It's located in a fairly small plaza but they have a couple reserved parking spots just for this shop, that's always convenient. Other than that, parking might be a problem because it's right next door to a restaurant.(+) They have a large selection of juices. My favorite flavors from this place: pomegranate & black tea. Their green tea flavor has been out of stock for almost 2 months! But they have a waiting list & they'll give you a call once the shipment's in. Still haven't received a call yet though.(+) Customer service is on point the both times I've been there. They staff are very friendly & welcoming, open to answer questions. If you want to test flavors, you have to tell them & they'll pick it out for you, rather than having it out in the open for customers.(+) They have a special where you buy 3 juices for $24. They also have stamp cards! Buy 10 juices & get 1 free when completed.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,9/6/2013,782,622,21,24,23>$14.95 Gozen Bento Box had a ton of food. It came with rice, miso soup, tofu salad, california roll, tempura, black cod and for dessert, green tea ice cream.  The portions were generous and I didn't come close to finishing my meal.They are located on 3rd right across the street from the beverly connection and they have their own private parking lot (free!).We were there with a group of about 15 and everybody seemed to enjoy their meal. The food came out quickly and they made sure we were well taken care of. Cute little place, not super authentic but I still enjoyed myself.
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,9/5/2013,296,198,15,21,15>A decent place for some Korean Tofu Soup (Soondubu) - esp. since there aren't that many legit Korean places in this area.The banchan (side dishes) are a-ok, nothing too spectacular or out of the ordinary. For lunch, they give you the seaweed which is good, bean sprouts, spicy cucumbers, and kimchi.As for the meat dishes, I really have no say because I strictly come here to get tofu for lunch and the tofu itself is more than enough for me. I know I've ordered it once or twice a year ago, but can't really remember quality/taste to critique it.The tofu here is comparable to places like Young Dong Tofu on Las Tunas in taste and quality of the ingredients in the tofu. I actually think I like the consistency of the soup because it's slightly thicker than other places (like BCD for example, however there's is still good too). This could also be due to the fact that I ordered it spicy.. possibly?I've had the Mushroom, Kimchi, Beef, and Dumpling tofu's and they're all good. I especially like the mushroom that comes with a piece of enoki, white mushrooms, and some type of asian mushroom.. not sure which but it's yummy!Service is super friendly.. today our waitress accidentally forgot our water, and when we were near the end of our meal and requested some she actually GASPED and was so apologetic and brought it right away. Her reaction was so funny and genuine that you can't be mad at her lol
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/30/2013,9/4/2013,482,235,24,22,21>@$#%& these breakfast sandwiches are huge! Sometimes bigger isn't better, but at Cafe Los Feliz, warm, flaky croissants the size of newborns, are a good thing. Located in Los Feliz Village directly across the street from Mexico City's awesome mole poblano, I'd seen this literal hole-in-the-wall for years and always wondered what was so awesome to warrant 4.5 stars, 100+ Yelp reviews. Well, I wonder no more.  Remember that scene in "I Love Lucy" where Ricky and Lucy switch roles and he bakes a loaf of bread so enormous that it pops open the oven door and pins Ricky to the back of the kitchen? They make those kinds of baked goods here.I ordered a bacon and cheese croissant ($7.95) and my dear friend Emalyn ordered the almond paste croissant ($4). When both items arrived, I instantly thought 1) this must be a mistake and 2) that croissant is the size of Em's head and I'm afraid she'll suffocate. The most shocking part was that all of that girthy goodness was actually tasty! Slathered in healthy servings of mayo, cheese and crispy, REAL bacon, I blew out all my numbers for the day and felt no shame about taking down ONE HALF (all I could do) of that sandwich. Em delicately picked away at her almond croissant -- showing it no mercy and leaving considerable damage.Aside from the mouth-watering sandwiches for 4, the best part about Cafe Los Feliz is that it's a mom n' pop operation. It may not be the biggest, the grandest or the trendiest eatery on Hillhurst, but it's definitely one of the best.
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2013,9/3/2013,476,584,20,25,22>One night my friend and I came here after he got off work and I was literally calling in to make a reservation as I drove here. Most asian places don't do phone reservations so I was pleasantly shocked!! The restaurant was really fancy!! They have Shabu as well as Sushi. We were looking at the menus while waiting outside for a bit and my friend made a remark that he wanted to come back here again for sushi (good impression even before actually eating). We waited about 15 minutes longer than our reservation time, which is cool because we were seated way before the people who arrived around the same time without a reservation. We sat in the Shabu Shabu bar area and we were helped by Christina; she was SUPER NICE :) For dinner my friend got the taiwanese barbecue ($17.99) with a large premium angus beef ribeye (+$3 to make it large). This base is described as a south east asian influenced zesty soup. This was 'different' for him compared to the sukiyaki he would usually get at other places we've had shabu. But he said different in a good way. Not to mention their amazing sauce bar made it possible to create any sauces to one's personal preference. And I got the creamy corn ($17.99) with a small kurobuta pork. My soup base was a sweet and creamy corn broth!! And I also ordered a side of fishball w masago ($3.99). I love this broth!! And I love the fish balls w masago, just be careful biting into it because you WILL burn your tongue... or in my case it squirted to the back of my throat and burned me a bit O_O' and I'm a veteran with these, so I really failed :( In addition my friend also ordered a dark knight roll ($12.99), which includes tempura asparagus, avocado, crab meat wrapped and topped w angus beef. I tried some of it and OMG IT IS SOOOOOO DELICIOUS O_O' I'm usually a fan of fresh rolls but this roll is definitely one of my favs right now!! Definitely coming back for this. I think the small was a good decision for me because I felt full, in a good way. Not overly stuffed with food coma. My friend was pretty stuffed with his shabu and his sushi. But he just had to have dessert. He ordered the tempura red bean ice cream and it came out with cute little umbrellas. I took a bite for a taste test and it doesn't taste like red bean though. It was good, I just can't really detect what flavor it was O_O' Overall we are DEFINITELY coming back!!! Amazing service, delicious shabu, and bomb sushi!!!! What more can I ask for??
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/10/2013,9/2/2013,555,380,12,20,11>Merkato belongs to the middle of LA's Little Ethiopia that houses a half-dozen Ethiopian restaurants. A handful of the restaurants feature fancy decorations outside and use tablecloth inside (Meals with Genet, Nyala, Addis). These places are recommended for dates. By contrast, Merkato is a casual market and restaurant combination. When you peer into the windows of Merkato, bright colored saddles, African fabric, Ethiopian masks, and foreign paintings are decorated throughout the restaurant. I was told that Merkato serves the most traditional Ethiopian meal on the block while Meals by Genet serves a slightly-Westernized version (although I heard some contradictory reports claiming Meals by Genet sun dries their premium ingredients overseas before importing them to LA). As someone who values authentic and traditional ethnic food, the decision to dine at Merkato was simple.This was my first time experiencing Ethiopian food. We ordered:#13 Assa Tibbs (whole white fried trout Ethiopian style with vegetable sides) #14 Yebeg Sega Wot, Yebeg Alicha (braised beef and lamb stew)Tej (honey wine)Ethiopian coffeeAt Merkato, all the dishes you order are combined into one large communal platter and then presented with the vegetables surrounding the meat (if meat is ordered). Utensils are absent in Ethiopian cuisine. A sponge-like pancake called injera acts as the spoon. The injera should be ripped apart and then scooped into the meat/veggies. Don't be shy to get dirty. Don't be afraid to use up all the injera, it can be refilled. Don't ask for forks and spoons - suck it up and experience the Ethiopian culture. The white trout was very delicious and fragrant - fried crispy with plenty of meat to serve two people. It was a very fun experience to get my hands dirty while digging out the tiny bones in the fish. A must order. The braised beef and lamb stew were marinated with mild spices and ginger that complemented the cold mounds of enriched vegetables (lentils, cabbage, peas, collard greens).Tej is a dessert wine that is sweet with hints of honey. My dining companion stated that it was strong. The Ethiopian coffee that I consumed contained cardamom. Unfortunately, the mild spicy body of the cardamom interfered with the citrus and berry finish characteristic of Ethiopian coffee. This beverage can be skipped.I highly recommend Merkato for those in LA who seek authentic and traditional Ethiopian food. For first-timers of Ethiopian food who had never been exposed to eating without utensils, Meals by Genet may be a better choice to ease into the culture. However, note that Meals by Genet is up to twice as expensive as Merkato. A complete meal for 2 at Merkato is around $45 while I was told that the bill may reach $70 to $80 at Meals by Genet. If $$ is a concern, consider Rosalind on the same street since they offer a Groupon.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/16/2013,9/1/2013,62,196,10,12,12>the observation deck on the twenty-seventh floor is a neat place to visit and see the city from a fresh perspective, but it's only open to the public during regular business hours (monday through friday, nine a.m. to five p.m.) so it can be difficult to take advantage of this viewpoint. the public entrance is on main street and you have to walk through a metal detector when you enter the building. after checking in with the guard to receive a visitor's pass, you then take two separate elevators up- one from the first to the twenty-second floor and then one from there to the twenty-sixth floor. then walk up the short flight of stairs to access the observation deck and a sweeping panoramic view of downtown los angeles. the city... she looks gorgeous from so high up. it's a lovely sight to see and it's best on a clear day.as for the city hall itself, it's an iconic part of the los angeles skyline but i'm not the biggest fan of it's design, especially the top of the building which was built to resemble the mausoleum at halicarnassus, which is recognized as one of the seven wonders of the ancient world. it does look better at night, when architectural lighting is used to compliment the structure, but it's unfortunate that you can't go up to the observation deck in the evening- i bet that's when the view would be most spectacular.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2013,8/31/2013,731,629,17,17,14>I can safely sum up with one word and one word alone why I'd ever visit Montrose, California and that word is PARADIS. If Paradis is a Scandinavian Ice Cream Shop in between La Crescenta and La Canada then ParadisE for me has to be a Taiwanese Beef Noodle Joint in between Santa Monica and Westwood! . *The consistency of their yogurt is unmatched. It's so rich and creamy in a very non-fattening feeling kind of way. You're not eating Ralphs Ice cream here folks...All their flavors are bomb-diggity. In addition, their prices are affordable for the taste. I suggest no more than 2 scoops at a time please... This goes out to all of you sweet tooth fat-asses out there. HAHa. *Free samples FYI. 1. Salted Caramel: It's probably the most unconventional flavor but it hits your taste buds 100mph. You're just like WOW. There is a party in my mouth and everyone is invited! 2. Cinnamon: Hands down the best flavor. It's Ambrosia in a cup. I couldn't get enough... As in I wanted to get more..... SO FUCKING GOOD. The Cinnamon flavor Ice cream here obliterates  your sense of taste just as Kate Upton's boobs mesmerizes your sense of sight. YES. I JUST MADE THAT CONNECTION. Forget Didy Reese, Yogurt Land, or any of those other places. This place is the Bee's Knees. The other only place comparable is Scoops. However, seeing as how you're in Butt-fuck nowhere. Scoops is not an option. If you need any further proof of how this place is rockin' just ask any Korean Female Yelper which include but not limited to: Jessica Y, Michelle M, and Ellen C. Stay cool, Justin Benjamin
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2013,8/30/2013,1443,479,13,23,21>Chirashi!Thick chunks of fish adorn the bowl. So much fish that I almost couldn't find the rice. It was filling, satisfying, and their product tasted fresh.  Nice attention to detail in presentation. The ahi had a really deep red color to it. Beckons you to eat it. Bowl was about $23. Good value. This place was a refreshing surprise. Wasn't expecting much.The place went dark for a minute. When it's your birthday they will dim down the entire restaurant and sing Happy Birthday. Normally this is very annoying. I was still confused and wondering what the hell was happening as I sat in the dark so didn't have time to feel bothered. Decor was modern and different. Felt clean and unique. Parking: Street or small private lot. You can only enter the private lot off of Brea Canyon.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2013,8/29/2013,389,31,22,24,23>I hate it when new bars open up and I don't hear about them until years later! This is a cool, quiet spot in Pasadena. It has the beach decor and plenty of seating in or outside in the heated patio. The waitresses and bartenders are spot on and friendly. This is the ideal place to bring a date since it doesn't get too loud, crowded and you can actually have a conversation without yelling over the table. The candle lighting also makes this spot very intimate.
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2013,8/28/2013,354,613,13,23,22>I'm so glad I work close to Chimney Coffee House! Last week was my first time checking out this establishment even though they've been around for two years. Talk about a hidden gem on the outskirts of Chinatown! Chimney shares a large, FREE parking lot with a Thai restaurant and a Costco-like Thai market. It's easy to drive by this place without seeing the coffee house since it's hidden behind a tall metal fence. I actually had to U-turn a couple of times to spot the place...hmm, but maybe I'm just bad with directions.I was the only customer here on a Friday afternoon so I got to enjoy the clean, but modern cafe by myself. Their CC machine and WiFi weren't working, but I had money on hand. I ordered the Chai latte and got 50% off the green tea brick toast (a perk if you check in on Yelp). The Chai latte didn't really taste like much, but it was nice to warm my stomach on a cold Friday. The green tea brick toast came with two small scoops of green tea ice cream, a dollop of whip cream, and two sticks of matcha green tea Kit Kat. The presentation was pretty impressive and I immediately started with the ice cream instead of the warm latte. Eric the guy behind the counter told me that Chimney makes their latte at a lower temperature than other coffee houses to ensure that the milk and sugar wouldn't burn. I did notice that their stuff wasn't as hot as other places like Starbucks, but I'm actually fine with that. Leela the barista was also working that day and she was really sweet and reassured me it was OK to enjoy the brick toast by myself even though it could pretty  much feed 2-4 people hahah.The customer service is excellent here at Chimney and I felt totally at ease from the moment I walked in. The fact that they have a huge seating area that can accommodate parties of one or even eight makes me feel like I could totally bring some girlfriends here for a girls' night out or to wind down after a hectic day at work.I'm definitely returning to Chimney for another round of sweet goodness and caffeine. It's wonderful and refreshing to know I won't have to venture to a chain coffee house or fight for parking in Little Tokyo/DTLA for a nice afternoon snack.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,8/27/2013,2247,546,11,25,16>Isn't it awesome that there are more and more trendy & upscale restaurants in downtown LA? The decor and ambience of Le Ka is very nice, cute servers in stylish skinny ties and short skirts, professional yet still easy on the eyes! We got seated on a booth for party of two, after our waiter introduced the menu, we were thinking about moving to a bigger table. The dishes here are more of tapa style, small plates, medium plates and large plates. This means we are gonna order so many plates, our waiter managed to move us to a bigger table in private dining area, great job! We started off with bottle of French champagne and half dozen fresh oysters, very tasty champagne, great to go with oysters, loved the house made sauces, strong flavors. We tried a few items, they were all delicious, very flavorful. The portions were actually not that small, we got pretty stuffed in the end! House cured salmon with cucumber, tomatoes and jalapeño dressing: loved it, smoky, salty, even better with the sauce.Escargot with potato gnocchi, garlic, parsley: the escargots were very tender, I asked some red pepper, a bit of spicy kick made this dish even more delicious.Crisp pork belly, black vinegar glaze, congee: hubby loved it, very flavorful.Slow- cooked boneless Wagyu beef shortrib, with roasted root veggies and juniper berry red wine sauce: the veggies were so yummy, the beef was cooked perfectly to medium rare, very flavorful and tender, absolutely loved it!Sautéed spinach and wild mushrooms: perfectly seasoned, delicious. Chocolate mousse: silky and sweet, yummy.I loved the contemporary American cuisine with a hint of French taste, very unique. I wanted to try some stronger cocktail, our waiter recommended Vieux Carre, it's cognac with a big ice cube and a slice of orange, strong yet still tasty, all crafted cocktails are $12 each. Tab was $189 with bottle of French champagne.Great food, romantic and relaxing atmosphere, friendly and attentive service, we had a great late Valentine's day dinner. The bar and patio areas are very nice, great place for friends hangout, or a few more cocktails after dinner for couples. Ps. Validated valet $7, look for Le Ka restaurant valet sign next to the building, don't confuse it with Takami or Elevate lounge valet in the alley.
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,8/26/2013,1472,495,49,23,29>I have to admit something. I'm kinda dangerous.That's right kids, this seemingly mild mannered (yet potty mouthed) teacher likes her peligro.  Guys with tattoos that carry knives, eating questionable sushi from shifty restaurants, driving in Alhambra...yup.  I'm a regular bad ass.So naturally, I like the Down n Out.  With mug shots on the walls and Jameson shots at the bar, it's the perfect spot for a seeker of all things dangerous to spend a few hours getting dangerously intoxicated with a group of other dangerous downtowners.  I'd tell you to come down and shoot some pool or kick it on the newly alcohol free patio (because the people drinking outside were so dangerous, the bar got their permit yanked...see? Baaaaad!) but I don't think you can hang.  Pussy.
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/2/2013,8/25/2013,718,358,17,23,19>Best Night to come is Monday for Happy Hour all Day! Their regular HH is 2pm-7pm everyday, which includes half off appetizers and 50% off all draft beer and well drinks. The deal is amazing for HH at Tinhorn! I got a kobe slider with a side of fries that came out less than $2. This deal blew my mind! I love the fried pickles at Burbank's Tinhorn, but somehow Hollywood's Tinfhorn did not step up to the plate. The pickles were soggier than Burbank's and the dough was thicker, disappointed. Perhaps, Hollywood's Tinhorn will perfect the fried pickles in time. There are also some great beers on tap. My favorite would be their Firestone's Honey Blonde Ale. Unfortunately, they ran out and I opt out for the Fireston's DBA (Double Barrel Ale); it was smooth and full bodied. Overall, this is a great place to catch a game with beer and fried goodness! It's conveniently located across the street from Hollywood and Highland, which you can park there for $2 for the first two hours. There is also street and structure parking available behind Tinhorn.Service is friendly and the vibe is laid back, sport bar feel with a country kick to it! Overall, Tinhorn is a great addition to the restaurants/bars in Hollywood.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,8/24/2013,444,330,22,21,21>There is this really cool thing you can do here, called "Getting-Drunk-and-Helping-the-Environment." It requires two things: 1. Drinking; and 2. Drinking Heal the Bay IPAs. (Well, technically three things, since you will need a designated driver.)Golden Road Brewing Company cans all of its beers, as opposed to bottling. Endless recycling, and awesome can art while we're at it. On top of that, they have a custom Heal the Bay IPA going on right now. The perfect citrus-y taste for summer. So you can justify that the sense of accomplishment you're currently feeling isn't (entirely) attributed to buzzing off the mass selection of beers. A win-win!  Beer tours and of course, beer flights, available. Good food in a good environment as well. But you know me- drink first, drunk munchies later. Craft beer drinkers, rejoice. Solidarity!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,8/23/2013,444,410,22,31,21>Sitting just a gunshot away from eclectic Echo Park, urban LA Filipino visionaries fuse dishes from the Deep South and put a unique take on BBQ, chicken, and the fixin's.   "50% Mom 50% Pop 100% LA" sprayed graffiti style is posted outside the plain white building that you would never notice unless you were looking for it.  Step inside and check out the huge wooden spoon and fork hanging on the wall - cliché but so true in a Filipino home.  Guy Fieri's spray painted stencil profile and autograph sits above the bar and reads "Guy ate Here".  The host/server/bus boy was a nice lady that took good care of us.  The menu is short but had enough good choices to put together an awesome meal.  Portions are family style and orders are served in wooden bowls or plates with banana leaf linings.  Tender and tasty pulled pork was my favorite.  I guess it should be since it was slow roasted for 16 hours.  The tri tip was smoky and juicy.  Next time I want to try the short ribs.  Bibingka corn bread is a must try and the elote fresh cut corn off the cob with freshly grated parmesan cheese and mayo and a touch of cayenne pepper was surprisingly good.  It's the only restaurant I know with patís (fish sauce) and BBQ sauce table side.  There's several beers on tap and the small walled patio out front would be a cool summer evening place to have a beer and some tasty BBQ.The Park's Finest - I agree.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2013,8/22/2013,971,448,31,34,33>A Few Good Things Beginning With "G":Gewürztraminer GamonéuGrenacheGrevéGrigioGevrik GoudaGood thing that each pour at Wine Detective is a reasonable one ounce, or I'd be drunker and full of even more cheese right now. For Wine Detective makes gluttony simple, you see: with the swipe of a card, one can experience any number of expensive wines or excellent cheeses, all in exotic Pasadena. While the sommeliers are helpful and able to direct the drinker towards those wine profiles that might interest them,  the cheesemonger* was, next to the Gouda, the highlight of my visit. That man really knows his queso.Finding the bar can be a bit of a challenge and parking can get goofy,  but that shouldn't deter you. After all, there is cheese to be mongered. Great, right? Four stars!*actual name for this position; I am not clever enough to make these things up.
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/28/2013,8/21/2013,1135,618,29,38,38>Go Get Em Tiger's Grand Opening was met with much fanfare and most assuredly did not disappoint!Unquestionably tied for the best coffee house/bar in Los Angeles (sharing the title with G&B Coffee), Go Get Em Tiger (GGET) has all the feel of their first coffee bar albeit in a more traditional brick and mortar setting.At first, you may be confused with GGET's flow, as many of us have been accustomed to a traditional "ordering line" and "pick up" area, but if you go with the mindset of being at a bar, you'll be familiar with just walking up to an open area of counter space and waiting for a barista to meet you and take your order.yelp.com/biz_photos/go-g…yelp.com/biz_photos/go-g…Similarly to their first coffee bar (G&B Coffee located at DTLA's Grand Central Market), GGET showcases coffee from the following coffee roasters:* Heart Coffee Roasters (Portland, Oregon)* Ritual Coffee Roasters (San Francisco, California)* Forty Ninth Parralel Coffee Roasters (Vancouver, BC)Featured espresso today was Heart's Ethiopia Chelba Espresso, which contains a bouquet of ginger snap, bergamot, raspberry.Caffe Latte - Heart Ethiopia Chelba ($4.75): 4.5/5yelp.com/biz_photos/go-g…Having been exposed to Heart Coffee Roasters' espresso roasts at several other coffee houses, my reaction to G&B and GGET was actually not welcoming. In times past, I found Heart's espresso to be a lighter roast and lacking body, however, this experience altered my perception as this well balanced cup satiated my midday espresso craving. I particularly enjoyed the much present espresso flavor entwined with silky sweet milk. Fastidious about lingering after tastes, GGET's latte finished fairly clean without any major sour end notes.If you're not much for dairy, consider substituting with their only other alternative: in-house made Almond Milk (which happens to be their most laborious task and definitely a labor of love) that is magnificently bitter and joyfully full of raw almond flavor.GGET also offers tasty pastries from Pete The Baker. I highly recommend ordering a Ham & Cheese Croissant or Pain au Chocolate.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,8/20/2013,2310,316,16,27,18>***Papilles's MOP (Meal in One Pic)***yelp.com/biz_photos/papi…*****************************************The concept is still the same:3 courses, prix fixe menu - French brasserie/bistro style.What is served on the plates is a miracle based on french technique, fresh ingredients, balance and care that only few can accomplish. The chef Tim Carey is from...LA. Not from France. Tony Esnault (former head Chef at Patina) taught him well. All the plates are beautifully plated with a flair that is closed to Haute Cuisine rather than Brasserie style.But it is more than technique. It is a sensitivity for flavors, and a passion for food that drive the kitchen at Papilles. It is an UFO in a LA restaurant scene filled with charcuterie platters, beets, burrata, tapas, fusion of Asian flavors with pretty much any other cuisines.  The menu works in its entire continuity. The simple trinity of French cuisine is on every dish. A protein, a delicious sauce, and a garnish.The main dish is large, the appetizer, and dessert small. It will cause great anger. Not because it is not enough food, to the contrary you will be full after the meal. The anger will be triggered by the need to succumb to gluttony after the first bite, wanted more and more of the delicious dishes.  We tried:Pork bellyyelp.com/biz_photos/papi…Superb plating with a large cube of pork belly topping parsnip puree with apple sauce. The searing on the pork belly was thick and created a heavy crust that was both tasty and playful to break.Quelque chose qui a été gavé:yelp.com/biz_photos/papi…Perfectly and heavily seared to a crunch but creamy  and velvety inside. A  nice and delicious portion. Large vein in the middle but cannot complain too much about it. It was not on the menu. Pork chopyelp.com/biz_photos/papi…A large pork chop accompanied by a delicious sauce with grilled vegetables on the side. The pork was nicely seared and it brought out its natural sweetness. The side vegetables were nicely cooked. The carrots were soft and tender ( which is rare). I just wish they were a little bit more garnish.  Seabassyelp.com/biz_photos/papi…Delicious piece of seabass on pea puree and beurre blanc, with the pea vine has part of the garnish. It is not pea season in California but from where ever they were the peas in the pea pure tasted great. Layering the pea puree with beurre blanc brought additional creaminess to the dish. But let's cut it. The fish was exceptional. It was soft and tender. It tasted extremely fresh, and delicate.Goat Cheeseyelp.com/biz_photos/papi…Good selection of cheese. The jam on the plate was also pretty good.Chocolate pot de Cremeyelp.com/biz_photos/papi…Delicious pot de creme ( chocolate pudding). The key is low level of sugar and great chocolate. This dessert had both. A creamy, and smooth way to clean the palate at the end of a meal.Some complain that the menu is expensive (between $33 and $38 depending on the night). It is the entire opposite. The menu is a steal for the quality of each dish. Yes, the decor is not as nice and trendy as others but what is on the plate is not sold for $30 to $45 ( seabass to NY Steak) but  at $33 and $38 with dessert and an appetizer it is a great price. Having a limiting menu puts tremendous pressure on the chef to achieve excellence for every single dish. Papilles succeeds most nights.Comparing Papilles to Parisian Bistro is difficult. One of my favorite bistro in Paris , l'Astier  ( yelp.com/biz/restaurant-… ) serves terrific french classics, the portions are large from appetizers to desserts. Everything is delicious. The plating is good but not delicate. It is more a twice a year experience as the quantity and heaviness of the dishes will knock you out.  At Papilles, the balance between portions and heaviness is tailored to LA crowd and it is great. The plating is more similar to Haute Cuisine than Bistro. Overall it makes Papilles more an every month option than twice a year.This restaurant definitely "reveille les papilles" (wakes up the taste buds")
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,8/19/2013,2068,194,16,19,12>Honestly, I felt like Guy Fieri on an episode of "Diners, Drive-Ins, and Dives." I've watched that stinkin' show over and over with a watering mouth as Guy bites into something wonderful and makes one of those noises, "Mmmmm...ahhh...ooohhh man."EVERY single thing I tasted at Spoonful, I involuntarily found myself making those same noises "Mmmmm, yeah that's good." "Ooooohhhh man, I could eat this all day." Very embarrassing. Let's begin with the service. Very pleasant. We were greeted with a smile and seated right away. The vibe was comfortable- a good mixture of down-home, and hip. I could see how this place would feel welcoming to the trendy crowd, while not excluding average Joe's like myself.We didn't have to wait to order. The food came out in a reasonable amount of time.I've wanted to try Fried Green Tomatoes ever since I saw the movie (back in 1991). These were tasty. Crunchy on the outside, perfect on the inside. I'm so glad I tried them here.I had never even heard of Braised Pork Belly, much-less tasted it before. I was in a daring mood, so we ordered it. Oh my goodness. I don't care if my arteries turned to stone after that incredibly tasty treat! I don't know specifically what it was other than some of the description from the menu: panko crusted soft-boiled egg, vanilla gastrique drizzle...I want that again- no I MUST have that again.   I don't remember what my wife ordered as her main dish, but I wanted to try so many different things that I only ordered off of the appetizer menu.We also tried Buffalo Shrimp. I'm a huge fan of Buffalo Wings. The shrimp did NOT disappoint. I must have the shrimp again as well.Pulled Pork Sliders- sooooooo tender and juicy!!! The only hint of a knit-picky complaint that I'd have, is that the three varieties of BBQ sauces (Georgia, South Carolina, and North Carolina) were too subtle with their flavor. I enjoyed them, don't get me wrong. I just wish the flavors of the different sauces could have been a little bolder/stronger/more distinct.Dessert: Pecan Pie with a scoop of bourbon ice cream!!!!! The pie was (as expected) perfectly gooey and crunchy and not too sweet...and that bourbon ice cream- to die for!Parking: the lot wasn't too small and had plenty of spaces available.
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,8/17/2013,653,151,22,33,17>Yelp has always been there to offer a suggestion on where to grab some coffee, what hotel to choose or how to find the perfect breakfast burrito - but looking on Yelp for an eye surgeon?! Insane, right? But in doing research, that's exactly what I did. And it was the best decision, here's why: Dr. Joseph Lee is amazing.There's a long wait when you go to see him for your initial consultation, it's because: 1. Dr. Lee is popular and sees a lot of patients and 2. More importantly, he takes his time with each patient - evaluating your case, discussing the procedure and answering your questions. If you're not a good candidate, he turns you away (if I remember correctly 1 in 4 - the sign of a good doctor is the one who cares more about patients, not money).I made my appointment and went over the details with the guy at the front (forgot his name, but he's knowledgeable, patient and personable). The initial consultation day (a Friday) took about 2-3 hours because it was so busy - prepare for that. *The parking lot is in the back, the entrance is in between the buildings on Wilshire - black gate, easy to miss if you're not looking for it. Don't park on the street.I went in yesterday morning (Saturday) at 10am and was relatively terrified. Had one more eye exam to ensure everything was on track for surgery - and then patiently waited while trying not panic about the idea that someone was going to slice my eyes up and then burn them with a laser beam (seriously, that sounds like something an evil villain would do in a James Bond movie).My time came up and I was given a surgical cap, which I reluctantly put on, and led into the operating room. My eyes were numbed with drops (which are really effective). My head was taped down and I confessed to be 'slightly nervous' - Dr. Lee said: 'You have nothing to be nervous about Mr. Bond! Muahahaha.' Okay, that didn't happen. What Dr. Lee actually did was talk me through every step of the procedure. Seriously. It was still a little scary, but when someone is telling you what is happening and why, it really reassures you. The whole thing took about 15 minutes and was painless. They put a pair of Terminator sunglasses on me and I walked out to find my waiting wife. I was given a little cup of pills to help me rest (I believe there was valium in there, because I fell asleep on the way home). CUT TO: I was helped into bed like a toddler and my wife affixed my 'sleeping goggles' (sort of like the glasses basketball players wear, only lighter). I slept the sleep of the drugged. Weird dreams... When I awoke it was 4 hours later it was like seeing for the first time. Do you remember the scene in Interview With A Vampire when Louis (Brad Pitt) first looks around with his new vampire eyes? Yup, exactly like that. I noticed everything. Did you know there was a little clock on the cable box? I didn't because I had never seen it before! Now I can read it from the kitchen! WHAT? I took a walk at dusk and proudly read out street signs from miles away, saw through walls into people's houses and even burned down a tree with my new heat vision! Maybe I'm exaggerating slightly - but I did take that walk and it did seem that incredible. You see, in addition to being nearsighted, I also had astigmatism - so, even with corrected vision, my vision was still somewhat warped. I often squinted even while wearing glasses or contacts. I've suffered from migraines, tension headaches and strained eyes as long as I can remember.I had my post-op follow up this morning at 9am. I was in and out in 5-10 minutes tops. Dr. Lee examined me and said everything was perfect. I read the eye chart easily (though I hesitated slightly on the last line, I'm just not used to seeing that small), but we confirmed that I now have 20/20 vision. Insane. I love science! On the way home I enjoyed looking at everything and everyone (though I did realize street people aren't as attractive as I had previously thought). What I'm noticing with my new eyes is that my brain still needs to catch up with what my eyes are now capable of. It's as if my brain doesn't trust this new non-warped, non-blurry vision and wants to adjust focus when I look at things far away. I find when I just relax and look (without trying) I can see perfectly, crystal clear - it really is amazing. Dr. Lee said my eyes should continue to get better, which would be even more amazing. I've got another follow up in a week. Ps: How many times can I use the word 'amazing' in one post? The answer is: amazing times.My advice to you is do your homework, talk to your friends, read the reviews and then go see Dr. Lee - the consultation is free. Take your time and ask lots of questions. Then make your decision. If you're like me You'll choose Dr. Lee.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2013,8/16/2013,2858,814,18,25,21>I hadn't had shabu in quite a while --by that I mean the better part of a month -- and it was about time that my crossfit buddies and I shared a meal as well. Perfect time to try out Yojie, especially since everyone seems to be raving about this now popular chain. Upon entry, you'll notice the artfully decorated walls, verging on trendy, hipster, artsy fartsy fashion. Definitely doesn't hurt that it isn't clinical in here. After all white walls are so blahzay. The staff is excellent. Customer service was on point and they appeared to actually enjoy working here. Their menu is relatively simple and straight fowrard, no funky detours nor will you be confused as to what to order.  You get two options for broth and a variety of proteins to choose from. I got the sukiyaki with 8 oz of beef.  The broth and their sauces (ponzu and sesame) were delicious. I threw some of that in my brown rice (which you get quite a large serving of).  The meat was OK, cut paper thin, although I wasn't too impressed with the marblization. Still, not bad at all. Loved that they gave a ton of noodles (udon, soba, and glass) but lacked veggie variety or volume for that matter. For dessert we got the green tea white chocolate fondue with fruit (because my buddies have an aversion to pastries). I asked our server if he woul dbring me a couple slices pound cake and he gave me a generous portion of it. Wish there was more of that green tea white chocolate goodness in that bowl though.Oh and if you check in via yelp, you get an order of sake!Great experience overall at Yojie. Looking forward to the next one.
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/15/2013,979,330,23,17,19>It's 8:30 am on Mother's Day. I had just picked up Mama from LAX at 7 am and we'd finally arrived in Pasadena. It was her first time visiting me in LA since I moved out here in February, and it was also my birthday the next day. What to do? Jump on the phone and Yelp the shit out of Old Town Pasadena! What's that? Russell's is open now? Oh yeah? They're serving breakfast and brunch?Mama proceeds to ask, "Do you..." "Of course we're doing blood orange mimosas, mom," I chime in--completing her thought. When a breakfast place has a line out the door or its wait is nearly an hour (granted it was Mother's Day) this place is either TINY or the Food is damn good...well I can confirm that BOTH statements are true. I ordered the Croque Madame. Or more like the Croque Ma-dayumm. Anything topped with a fried egg and gruyere cheese is gonna take precedent in my meal choice. It was ooey, gooey, slap your booty delicious. The French really know how to make a sandwich sexy. Hell, they make the word for grapefruit sexy. It was served with a healthy serving of crispy hash browns. Mama had the a scramble of some sort. It looked hearty and all sorts of healthy...too heart healthy for someone like me. And yes, a great way to celebrate Mom Day is with a bottle of bubbly! I definitely recommend getting the blood orange mimosa!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,8/14/2013,708,334,117,111,76>*Black girl's POV on a Korean Spa*Let me preface by explaining something: in case you're not aware, black women have a fear of water. We swim with our heads above water (when was the last time you saw one of us frolicking in the ocean like the Little Mermaid?!), we put on shower caps in the rain (ok, I do!), some even avoid the gym in fear that it will ruin our 'do that we just spent good money on and a few hours at the shop! We have a fear of sweating out and getting our hair wet, period. As such, as I was reading other reviews before my first K-spa experience I was a bit nervous for this exact reason. Sistas, keep reading then head to a Korean spa!2013 has become the year I discovered Korean Spas. I love Wilshire! I've been to 2 other k-spas but still enjoy Wilshire every time I go. Yup, you're nude (but it's women only). Get over it. No one is staring at you and if you are the looker, you will see ladies of all sorts of ages, shapes, and sizes. Nothing to be self-conscious about. You do get a robe and towel, and there are shower slippers if you want to use. The rooms are really hot, but bearable. They made me sweat quite a bit and I felt like it really opened my pores to absorb all the healing elements of the room as I lay. The wet steam room is super hot, but almost a little too hard to breathe with all the hot steam for me.The first time we went, my BFF and I booked the 90 min scrub/massage combo. First off, I learned we need to scrub our skin more often! You can see the black rolls of oil, dirt, dead skin cells coming off your body - ewwwww! These little Korean ladies are puttin in some work! Scrubbing you down from head to tippy toe (in lacy black bras and panties mind you!). Yes - behind your ears and your ashy knees and between your boobs and that crease where your thigh meets your torso and your crusty heels! Fully nude, fully clean! Then you are massaged with an oily milk that left me feeling smooth, soft, and moisturized for DAYS! Kid you not, it was the best thing I've done in a really long time. Worth the $80. I like the secluded, quiet feeling at Wilshire. This spa definitely is more of a quiet one (you'll hear the older Korean patrons shh'ing if it gets too loud). The facility is downstairs so you don't hear any street traffic or people walking by. Even without getting any additional services, I can spend hours here relaxing and detoxing. They don't offer the V-treatment or serve any eggs or food (see my reviews for Hugh and Daengki Spas). These are the only things I feel missing. Both times, my BFF and I left relaxed but starving! As I try other K-spas, I think Wilshire will continue to be my fave and #1 go-to. Oh yeah, my hair tip for ALL ladies: bring a clear, disposable shower cap and your favorite deep conditioner or hair mask. Put this on when you first shower upon arrival and leave it on as you hop from room to room and sweat. The heat and steam will open your hair follicles as well, making your deep conditioner work its magic even more. The plastic shower cap traps the heat and keeps your hair from drying out. Your hair will be sooooo soft after, I promise. So black ladies, don't avoid the Korean spas cuz "you don't want to get your hair wet"!
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,8/13/2013,507,712,24,27,23>Snuggled in one of the nastiest parking lots by one of the most insanely exasperating intersections on earth is Kung Pao Bistro. Their name smacks of ungodly inauthenticity. How could they be authentic so far from the San Gabriel Valley, right? Well, it's true. They serve Chinese food in bento boxes here!Service has been great both times we've been here and it helps one forget that your car is possibly going to get scraped any minute in the godforsaken lot outside! Well, the large flatscreens help you forget that too. Terrifyingly though, both times they were playing football.Kung Pao Bistro has great lunch specials ranging from $7 to $9.50. They include an entree, soup, salad, rice, and an egg roll on a bento box - YES, A BENTO BOX! The sesame chicken and the walnut shrimp are very good. For those of you expecting Panda quality here you are so wrong! Just forget the parking and traffic situation here, forget the bento boxes and the football on the flatscreens - the food here is great! My only qualm with Kung Pao Bistro is their soups. They are ALL bland! They also need to improve their tea.Can't say much about the ambience since both times we were here it was pretty empty. The decor is nothing to write home about. All that matters is that you get cheap better than Panda food! Best of all the lunch specials are filling!
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2013,8/12/2013,1240,797,70,84,81>\(^_^)/  -------  Mochi Heaven Part II -------  \(^_^)/Here is Part II of the Mochi Heaven you have been waiting for! Fogetsu-Do is an ancient mochi bakery that is probably older than your grandparents. The business is family-run by down-to-earth people. They make the mochi in-house so it is as fresh as can be. You can taste the quality in the first bite, especially with the red bean filling. Their method of making mochi is traditional, so you know what they say, "if it ain't broke, don't fix it!"Parking is on the street and only by meter, but it's free on Sundays. They have so many mochi to choose from that it would be hard to walk away with just a few selections. For those wondering how the quality compares to the supermarket, it is like comparing day to night. Prices are very reasonable: only a little over a buck each for their regular sizes and smaller ones are usually sold as a pack.Tips: On a hot day, go to Mikawaya for their ice cream Mochi; on a cold day, head to Fugetsu-Do, and you are good to go, year round, for all of your mochi needs.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,8/11/2013,120,294,10,14,14>I really enjoyed the laid back vibe of Hermosillo. Check out the wall for their list of beers on tap. They also have a considerable selection of wines if you're not into beer like me. I adored the Spanish Tempranillo and the Cali Petite Syrah I had that night. My girlfriends got some food to nibble on with our drinks. The pimento cheese on the cheese plate was rockin' and I loved that the sausage was served on a pretzel roll. The roasted brussell sprouts were also a winner, perfectly charred and very addictive. By the time we left that evening, this place was slammed with a swarm of people looking for some Saturday night fun. The Hermosillo is definitely worth a visit if you're in the Highland Park area.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2013,8/10/2013,217,296,13,18,17>Hidden gem in the heart of Alhambra. In between first and second street. Was surprised with these two delicious oh so yummy in my tummy treats. Chocolate cake with tiramisu filling and tuxedo decorated chocolate dipped strawberries. Oh MY, every bite was glorious! Chocolate cake was soft, moist and tons of flavor, didn't even realize the filling until I got to the middle of the personal size cake. Uffff, my taste buds were in heaven. Chocolate cover strawberries has always seem to be such an overrated thing and everyone seems to be doing it. But oh no, these are awesome, big, juicy and sweet! Seriously, everything I received in my box of goodies was delicious and I can't wait to go back myself to try more of their goodness!!
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/25/2013,8/9/2013,1661,660,33,28,25>The tequila drinks served up at this bar are beyond amazing. Way, way too good... Hear me out, the drink below straight blew my mind.Spiced Daisy: Pueblo Viejo tequila, Pierre Ferrand Dry Orange Curacao, lime juice, agave and juiced cucumber, cilantro and jalapenoThat shit right there? Phenomenal. I could honestly drink like fifteen of those. I'd probably die if I drank fifteen, so maybe ten. I want one right now but it's morning and I'm pretty sure that'd make me an alcoholic. God do I want one though, perfect combination of flavors and spicy, FUCKING LOVE IT.I wish I had a cooler at my house that was full of that shit, I could tap it whenever I want. Maybe I can hire a bartender to just follow me around all day, making them for me. I would push a nun down a flight of stairs for the exact recipe so I could make it perfectly the same.Look at the pictures, look at all those sexy ass cocktails. You see that shit? This one too: Poblano Escobar: Mezcal, Pierre Ferrand Dry Orange Curaçao, cumin, muddled Poblano chili and fresh pineapple, lime, agaveMuddled poblano chill peppers?? Get the fuck out of here, that thing is way too delicious.I can't even talk about this anymore, I wish I was at Las Perlas RIGHT NOW. Into tequila but pricey cocktails not your jam? They have a special that's a beer and a shot of tequila for only $8. Yea, you heard me.God damn, Las Perlas. You have some tasty sexy drinks going on. I love you.
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2013,8/8/2013,674,1349,44,42,40>Ok this place was the epitome of what scares most people with regards to cycling... Bikes, parts, paraphernalia, and attire strewn about the joint in almost haphazard fashion. Sensory OVERLOAD AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!! ok back to reality for a second i was still under its control... is there some kind of Vulcan Mind Meld going on here? NO!!! I REFUSE TO LET THAT HAPPEN!!! Back to reality... this place is a bit of a mindboggling ridiculous madhouse, but there is a total method to the madness. The bikes are organized by brand as are the parts and attire is clumped by multiple unknown department store basics (I guess)... Pro Tip: Steve is a very straight shooter and the proprietor of the establishment... he will tell you if you have a deal he can or cannot beat openly...So this place has an expert named Steve... he runs the asylum and knows his stuff all the way around. Very interesting and helpful to speak to him. Definitely someone who has earned the respect of more than a few other folks around that I have come across in my roadie buying trails and tribulations.They have a ton of cycling attire as well, half the facility is dedicated to it, and literally if you want to find a 1982 album cover cycling jersey, this place may have it... A collection of stuff for sale that is more eclectic than you could find on ebay or amazon, maybe even the two combined!A fun place to peruse and likely purchase if you have a bit of time. One of my preferred bike shops in the area.
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,8/7/2013,1522,1094,37,33,33>How do you want it? Just tell them.Café Cola is back, worth the drive, though not too far from my work. For its fresh meat, soft bread, fresh cut fried potatoes and a variety of toppings.Yelper Trippy T and I used to frequent the Azuza location. This was my first time in their new location.The meat seems much fresher than any fast food or cheesesteak eateries and in a generous portion.The bread, softer than I remember, please keep this one.French fries, half-mojo shaped, are being sliced when you order them.Zombie Fries featured fresh cut potatoes made to order with your choice of toppings; choose from provolone, cheddar, whiz, Swiss, munster, pepperjack, Gorg & Colby. You can also put a variety of onions, peppers and other dressing as well as so many sauces from soy sauce to mayo to steak sauce and more.---Note they have some new Flavors, pizza inspired toppings including pepperoni and pizza sauce which I think goes great with bacon and other sauce options.More parking, more seating and a soda fountain at this new location, take the 10 or the 60 or the major streets in Covina.The most awesome part, they make it how you want it!Song Parody of Tupac Shakur's Classic Jam from 1996 featuring Jodeci "How Do You Want It" (Album Version)youtube.com/watch?v=nlvS…  (Video Version)How do you want it? Taste that I feel!Eating up as a foodie in the Yelp gameCafé Cola again, taste is real!(2X)Love the way top choice meat is what they put outSo much explosive flavor, makes me want to pass outJuicy like stew, and I can't even lie about itEat it all so fast and enjoyed, time to write about itCheesesteak on the mind, your beef has got me feeninDaily delivered bread, I can't comprehend the meaning!Now if you wanna eat LA East, then here's your chanceTake the 10 freeway, find parking if you canForgive me, I'm a yelper, eating with a simple planAll I want is flavor, forget fancy, I'm a simple manFoodie International, Yelper with the passportGet flavor like a genie, anything you ask forEither chicken or beef, coke or diet pleaseA favorite of Yelp homies, when we eat with such ectasyWitness as we eat at a high speed, peep, what a foodie needEat some mo beef, silverware, ya don't needApproaching cheesesteaks with a passion, been a long dayBut I've been driven by attraction in a strong wayThe cheesesteak is banging and I love the way they flaunt itTime to put in your order and tell them how you want it(Tell them how you want it!  Yelp, yeahhhyeah)How do you want it? Taste that I feel!Eating up as a foodie in the Yelp gameCafé Cola again, taste is real!(2X)Tell me is it cool or whatTo eat all the melted cheddar like a food or what!Cheese is not robotic, natural and so ironicCause I eat somewhat chaoticI'm eating sandwiches quickly, like conveyors filled with hydraulicUp and down like a roller coaster, filled up like a tireAin't quitting till the meal is over, cause im on fireIn & out is like a robbery, cause they don't have such choice of cheeseProvolone, cheddar, whiz all over beefSwiss, Munster, Pepperjack, Gorg & Colby leaves me in a hazeOh you ain't heard about the options, these are better waysPhilly's Best you make me a suckerInstead of many options you have just one or otherSo I prefer Cafe Cola, pile the cheese ten foldThat's how we roll and the way, Yelp game is toldFlavor never tame, so I have to take a break from all thatBring me a plate, I want to eat some more and that's a factThey never censor me, and let me take pics with my cellSo I can write on Yelp, this story that I will tellNow everybody gorging and they run a muckI'll be the first one to spend a buckTell them how you want it!How do you want it? Taste that I feel!Eating up as a foodie in the Yelp gameCafé Cola again, taste is real!(2X)I ate fresh fries as a youth, tell the truth, I got a scoopOn tasting fries foolproof, even though they just go poofBefore I was a teenagerIdaho, fresh potaters!Café Cola is feeding majorTheir adversaries getting worriedProbably cause their food headed to the cemeteryMy only hope Café Cola survive, cause I wish to eat FRESH all the time!Foodie High, see the hunger in my eyes, before they fryI wanna fries with my cheesesteak, about a couple millionAnd then I'm full, foodie faded and all.Other eateries got me crossed up with food that try to fool meBut these zombie fries are making me a fiend, its like they now meHahaha, but I'm order more, peel outI choose quick, the food is equipped, get the feed bag outYeah Yelpers, you can add any toppings and pile up on itWhen you order your FRESH fries, you can tell em how you want it!
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,8/6/2013,4339,292,32,48,40>One of the BEST, AUTHENTIC Peruvian foods you'll find in LA!  If you know a spot that's better, please let me know!Yes, the line ups at Mario's could get as bad as the DMV and it can get as chaotic as a Costco ON a Saturday morning BUT that's because the food is THAT GOOD!  No one would torture themselves for this grub if it's not worth it and let me tell you.....IT'S WORTH IT!Below are some tips that will help give you a good experience.CALL AHEAD to place an order for PICK UP!  It's really the best way to get that delicious food into your belly.  The restaurant doesn't really have much ambiance and the service is usually SLOW because a lot of the times they're busy so why waste 30+ minutes waiting around.  If you really want to do a sit down meal, DON'T GO DURING PEAK HOURS OF LUNCH AND DINNER!  Try around 3pm or 8pm.  DON'T TRY TO PARK IN THAT SMALL LOT.  It's always a clusterfuck and even if you get lucky with a spot, most likely some inconsiderate degenerate will block you in.  There's enough street parking in the area!ORDER the Lomo Saltado - steak, onions, and fries sautéed together in perfect harmonyORDER the Ceviche Mixto - mixed seafood that's REALLY fresh, great citrus flavorORDER the Jalea de Mariscos - don't ask what it is, just stuff it in your mouthMake sure you splatter that MAGICAL GREEN SAUCE all over your food.  Warning: it's kinda spicy so if you're a beginner, take baby steps.  Enjoy!!!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,8/5/2013,883,311,16,18,15>There we go NoHo. Way to step your game up.I'm a new resident of NoHo, and I've been wandering around trying to figure out the neighborhood. It's been a little rough, a little hit and miss, but so far this is the biggest hit I've found. Vicious Dogs is small, pretty much a hole in the wall on Lankershim stumbling distance from my apartment. You can't miss it, it's got this gigantic awesome looking hot dog right over the store front. Pro Tip: There's parking right behind it if you're not into the bumper to bumper parallel parking mess on Lankershim itself. When you walk in, everyone is awesome. From the happy customers chowing down on their kick ass custom dogs to the sweetheart behind the register that walked us through the menu. Even the owner who's there everyday isn't jaded, tired, or over it. He's just awesome. He's excited, he's happy, and he's genuinely in love with his business. It all makes for an awesome atmosphere that only compliments the menu and quality of the food.And, as a nerd perk, there's a whole ton of custom Mario Bros art all over the walls, all for sale. During our short wait for our food, my boyfriend and I were fighting over which ones were our favorite. We settled on all of them. But especially the Donkey Kong one with the coconut.Getting back to the menu, you can either customize your dog or you can pick one off the menu that's an all original vicious creation. The girl at the register showed us how the customization worked and what we could pick out. There's also an entire area of the menu called "first timers", presumably for customers like us. She was too cute, and just gave us the plea: "Just please don't order a plain hot dog!"I ended up going with the "hot chick" (who can resist a hot chick?). It's the bacon wrapped beef dog (kosher!) with ranch, their buffalo sauce, and chicken tenders. Chicken tenders and hot dogs? My inner fat child is beaming! My boyfriend went with the "dead eye", a double dog with ranch, bbq, and pico de gallo. We split the chili cheese seasoned fries to go along with it all.Holy Toledo. Dogs are delicious, clearly quality meat, and fresh made to order. Buns are fluffy, never flat, and all the sauces were creamy and tasty. My boyfriend inhaled his hot dog and immediately looked up their hours so he could come back later that day for dinner. I started on the chili cheese fries then forced myself to stop so I could move back onto my hot dog. Oh the hot dog. I was having a love affair with this hot chick, and it was good. Oh so good. The chicken tenders themselves would have made me happy, they're breaded perfectly and were juicy and delicious. The hot dog was cooked perfectly with the bacon (which can be hard to pull off) and would have made me happy on their own. See, here's what you do. Take two awesome things that make you happy and add them together. It's like when the Flinstones and the Jetsons had that crossover episode, except in a hot dog. Oh, and the sauces. The sauces. They taste homemade, nothing was runny or watery. They were absolute perfection. This is a must-try. This is perfection. This is my new favorite thing, hands down.My plan is to eat my way through the menu, so check back for updated pictures of all the things! I'm daydreaming about what I'm going to order next just from writing this out. Thanks, yelp. I'm so in love. All it took was one hot chick and something a little cheesy, but I'm in love (isn't that all it ever takes?).
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,8/4/2013,855,592,11,16,18>After a hilarious struggle with the door from fellow dining companion ("push, don't pull"), we walked into a warm cozy yet bright space located just on southern outskirt of Old Town Pasadena.Our server led us to nice booth table closer to the back.  Quiet and mellow atmosphere, quite perfect for a date.  Onto the food!* The bread & green olive oil = loooved the oil, it had this fabulous light aroma to it.* Salt cod fritters [w lemon cream] = fried + cream?  Yes please.* Smoked brisket [black pepper aioli, marinated avocado] = surprised this was a cold dish but it worked well atop buttered bread.* Squid Ink pasta [fideau negra w/ mussels and poached quail egg] = super-seafoody and delicious~* Beer-braised octupus [pulpo w potato puree, salsa verde] = nice hearty chunks of octopus...salsa was very light.* Roasted veggies [romesco sauce] = wow!  Who knew romesco sauce could make otherwise-boring vegetables taste great?!* Griddled endive salad [hazelnut vinaigrette, manchego cheese] = meh.  Not a fan...the endives were bit too bitter and the manchego did not complement well.* Duck sausage stuffed squid [brava sauce] = yumski.  Every bite was delish.Great wine & sangria.  Warm service.  2-thumbs up! (aka 4-stars~)
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,8/3/2013,338,256,15,21,16>I have a love/hate relationship with this event due to the horrendous experience the first time the organizers attempted to host this in Pasadena. After working out a lot of the kinks, I feel this has evolved into a great event for anyone with a few hours to spend walking around and soaking in all the different booths/trucks.Pros:- Diversity among vendors, giving customers more choices and decent prices (most items were $3-6 on average)- Free and spacious parking lot- Plenty of benches and grassy areas to sit - Plenty of bars around the park- Lively atmosphere with dj spinning music- Delicious stinky fermented tofuCons:- $3 cover charge. Whaat?- Crazy lines for some vendors while zero lines for others. Partly due to boring vendors that served normal tacos and sandwiches (no customers every time we walked by btw)- A lot of the vendors were cash only- A large section of Baldwin Ave. was closed due to construction, forcing us to find alternative routes- Delicious stinky fermented tofu made the entire park reek! I felt sorry for those who weren't accustomed to this smell.Not really sure why there is still a cover charge when the organizers charge an exorbitant fee to the vendors but it was a fun time nonetheless. We were able to feast on stinky tofu, okonomiyaki pancakes, dragon whisker candy (yelp.com/biz_photos/626-…) and fluff ice all for about $20. Crazy right? We went on Sunday evening and parking was a breeze. There were plenty of spaces and it was free. Crowds were bearable and the weather wasn't too hot either. I was pleasantly surprised at how organized this event was and I'll definitely be coming back in July to check out the other booths that I missed. Remove the cover charge and I'll consider giving this event 5 stars.Tip: $20 is all you need to sample 3-4 different places and become full afterwards. Well worth it in my opinion.
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2013,8/2/2013,3365,753,27,28,28>SWEET BASTARD!Took my lil sister and the familia here for her graduation from our alma mater LMU, go lions by the way.   Congrats to my baby sis.BASTARDA ROSSAyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…I loved the name cuz I'm a bastard so I ordered it and drank it and let the buzzing commence.BURRATA FELICEyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…Surprisingly tasty.  Great burrata, nice tomato.TAGLIERE DI FORMAGGIyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…Lovely mix of cheeses.GNOCCHI AL PORCINIyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…Had a bite, not too shabby, not great.PAPPARDELLE AL FUMOyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…I think I got this cuz the always awesome Steph C said it tasted like a mouthful of bacon and I would very much enjoy bacon reaching down my throat and up my nose.  Perfectly cooked pappardelle, rich pink sauce with plenty o pancetta, good scamorza cheese and oregano.  If you love your pancetta in excess, get this.  I was a happy boy.CHOCO PEAR TARTyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…I'm sure someone at the table said this was chocotastic.   It wasn't me, I swear.CREAM CUSTARD TARTyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…Creamycustardtastic, yeah, I said that.What can I say, I'm a pancetta loving bastard.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,8/1/2013,456,372,59,59,60>everybody's Yelping!all these things about this sushi place near where we liveuse your intuitionMake Your Own decisionsthat's your prerogative!This place sells sushiBut like the Subway and ChipotleIt's your prerogativeYou choose your meat firstAnd then three veggies tooFreedom of choice is what they giveRight now their specialIs a great $9 dealWith soup, salad, two sides, and a smoothieIt's such an East San Gabriel Valley steal!I've been there three timesAnd while everything's still not rightMy wifey and I want to keep going backAs one of our places for a cheap date night!  I'm singing...everybody's Yelping!all these things about this sushi place near where we liveuse your intuitionMake Your Own decisionsthat's your prerogative!we got the soft shell crab and the steak rolls the first timeIt's our prerogativewe got the raw crab and salmon rolls the second timeIt's our prerogativethird time spicy tuna, so good with mayo as smooth as silkit's our prerogativethe smoothies are eon times better without the milkwhile all the meats and the veggies goodand the smoothie's a star Hollywood (with no milk)they need work on some of their sauces and sidesgreen tea tiramisu's blahTheir simple salad made me yell hoorah!Because their salad dressing got me happy inside!while their veggie tempura is greattheir jalapeno sauce made me a bit iratebecause they swirled it on top of my sushi and I didn't like it one bittheir miso soup is pretty bombit would be approved by my Japanese momIf they work their kinks out, this place will be a hit!everybody's Yelping!all these things about this sushi place near where we liveuse your intuitionMake Your Own decisionsthat's your prerogative!
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,7/31/2013,1259,718,15,24,18>4.5 stars.Wow, this place really left me speechless. Everything is fresh...I ate albacore and ika, and I normally don't even like it! I had sashimi combo B, with additional salmon (buttery, sweet, and AMAZING) and there was no complaints there! The soft shell crab was a tad oily, though flavor was spot on. Tako sunomono was good as well, and very refreshing after all the fish and wasabi. Last thing we ordered was a random eel and avocado roll, as my friend wanted carbs. It was very pricey for 4 pieces, but very tasty as well.Overall, the service was wonderful, employees polite and courteous, food quality is WOW WOW WOW, and just a mind blowing experience. Only thing would be that it is a very small restaurant, so the wait time is ridiculously long (since this place is SO GOOD!) and the tables are very crowded/cramped.
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2013,7/30/2013,1171,248,20,27,24>I don't know why I was anti this place for so long...I'm hanging my head in shame...I would scoff like the hater I was. But...I was lured in by the buy one get one free beers during happy hour...so I swallowed my pride and gathered the kids and plus one & bff. Well for starters this is truly a seafood restaurant...so be prepared to like seafood or just don't bother. I tried the shrimp cocktail & fish & shrimp ceviche tostadas...both were very authentic and very good. Now lets get to the good stuff...the micheladas were fantastic!  But unfortunately they were not included in the buy one get one free deal. This place is highly, highly recommended.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,7/29/2013,824,286,14,19,19>tucked in the tiny old towne of Sierra Madre, this just might be the BESTEST ice cream in all of Los Angeles.  it's almost as if they're in hiding.... this little town is under the radar, within a very residential area on the hills.  just adorable.  it's definitely worth coming out for a day trip.made with organic Strauss dairy, the consistency of their ice cream is perfect.  i love its creaminess and for the most part, is not overly sweet.  the ice cream also has a nice clean finish.so far i've had the pleasure of trying the SALTY CHOCOLATE, SWEET BASIL, RUM RAISIN, BUTTERSCOTCH, CORNFLAKES, and TRIPLE MILK.  my current favorite, is the SWEET BASIL.  more like holy basil to me, i'm a lush for his stuff!!!  my other favorites are CORNFLAKES and TRIPLE MILK.their service is always friendly.  they never rush you and are always happy to sample you as many flavors as you wish.  their milk shakes are not blended in an electric contraption, instead, hand mixed!  neato... and it comes out smooth!tons of options here like having an ice cream sandwich, a date shake (- that's your choice of ice cream with medjool dates), affogato...drizzled with olive oil... topped with their home made granola...  very unique with their own touch!  but sadly for me... i'm just a simple old fashioned girl who likes her scoops in a cup or at most, a waffle.the next on my list to try is the CINNAMON.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/29/2013,7/28/2013,516,204,11,21,16>When it comes to bowling, I'm afraid to say I spend more time throwing gutter balls than landing strikes. That's why I haven't visited a bowling alley since graduating from college. However, my friend was having a birthday get-together here so somehow, I found myself at the newly opened XLanes LA. Most bowling alleys I've been to fall into the old, dingy category. But since this place just opened a couple of weeks ago, everything is shiny and spotless. XLanes LA is sort of like a less, Asian version of Round 1. Perhaps that wasn't the best way to describe it. Think Dave & Busters plus Lucky Strike. XLanes features a 24 lanes, including a private VIP area, fully stocked bar, arcade and kitchen complete with a gourmet menu. A great place to stop by if you're just looking to have a good time or bowl a few games, I can see this place getting more popular since it's a great alternative to the usual drinking, bar-hopping shenanigans in LA. My friend got a birthday package which included two games of bowling, an hour of unlimited arcade games, two glasses of champagne/wine, all-you-can-eat-pizza and salad and cake for $25.00 per person. Since this place is still relatively new, there were a few kinks and delays by the staff but they were prompt in resolving any issues. As for the food, who doesn't love a pizza buffet?  I've been here twice already, and while these experiences have only made me minimally better at bowling, if I really had to go bowling again, this is only place I would come willingly without kicking and screaming.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,7/27/2013,676,626,19,25,17>Ladies have quite a time-consuming list of beautification regiments: we wax, tan, diet, workout,  get mani/pedis, get our hair done, etc. With all of that on our to-do list, who has time to lay in the sun for an hour in order to achieve that sun-kissed glow? That's where fake-bake tanning comes to the rescue. If you live in the Valley, there is no better option than Suntans To Go. Suntans to Go has been a neighborhood tanning salon for quite some time. In fact, my boyfriend who is currently 33 years old, worked here when he was 16 (little punk wanted to flirt with the ladies!). Tommy, the owner, is still a staple at Suntans To Go and can't be ignored. He is quite a character to say the least: mix equal parts of Jack Lalane and Richard Simmons and you have Tommy. Although a little eccentric, he is extremely kind, VERY knowledgeable about nutrition and tanning, and has a terrific business sense. Plain and simple, the staff at Suntans To Go isn't the typical prissy, snobby girls who make you feel like you are at a club in Hollywood. Suntans To Go has the warm, neighborhood love comparable to small towns.Price is another gold-medal winning characteristic of Suntans To Go. After research and price checking, Suntans To Go proved to be the best deal in town. Their regular prices are equivalent to the sale prices at other tanning salons such as Sunset Tan. For unlimited month tanning which also includes 2 Orbit bed sessions, Suntans To Go charges only $33 flat (no taxes and they accept cash or credit). If you please, you can substitute the Orbitz session for 2 regular sessions and use them even after your 30 days is up. Plus, they offer upgrades of 2 more Orbit sessions for $10 more. It is truly an unbeatable price! Wondering about the environment? Let me be frank: Suntans To Go is not a high-end modern spa. It is not shiny and new. In fact, it is somewhat "ghetto" with posters from 1992 (I checked copyright dates), doorstops versus door handle locks, and old stereos in the rooms. On the other hand, there are 22 beds (including the Orbit and stand-up beds) so there is NEVER a wait or need for appointment, the beds are in great condition, fans at the end of the beds cool you off, and rooms have headphones to listen to music and plugs for charging cell phones. The Orbit beds are especially snazzy and feel like a futuristic alien pod.If you have a friend coming to wait for you to finish tanning, Suntans To Go has a lobby area with magazines and a TV and several bathrooms available. Parking is a free, private lot and they also validate if you need to park at the restaurant next door.Suntans To Go is even open on holidays (although limited hours).My only complaint? It can get loud which ruins the relaxation aspect. The rooms are like dressing room stalls so you can hear the lobby acitivity while the beds against the far wall (# 19-22) shake and bounce when the Russian Armenians in the restaurant next door party and belly dance. If you need to darken that pasty skin and truly look like a Cali girl while on a budget: Suntans To Go is the place " to go". Okay, that wasn't funny. The point is, Suntans To Go is the best tanning option in the Valley.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2013,7/26/2013,1813,600,19,32,29>The problem with hyperbole is that no matter how good something is, eventually something else always outshines it. One can only write "this is the greatest" in so many reviews before it loses all meaning. I most often run into this issue with sushi, but lately it's been Korean BBQ. Soowon was my previous bbq highlight, but Kang Hodong might be even better. At minimum it's equally as good, with more pleasant if more difficult to understand service for the white ghost set. They don't take reservations, but they do take calls day of for a waiting list at the time you want to dine. Not quite sure the distinction there, but ok. Either way, if you don't call in advance, the wait is epic on weekends.  And with good reason, this is one of the best Korean barbecue places in the city. The fact that it's a chain from a celebrity Korean comedien is somewhat unbelievable, but the quality of meat here doesn't seem to realize the irony of the situation. His likeness is represented all around, he looks exactly like PSY, Mr. Gangnam Style himself. I shouldn't be surprised at the disparate meat quality between here and even the best AYCE but it still amazes me how much difference there is.The menu is a tad confusing. The combos only allow the choices of certain meats which is vaguely annoying, so if you want tongue you have to order separately. Fortunately the choices available are stunning. Brisket, short ribs and prime rib-eye are all top quality, among the best I've come across. Serving sizes were okay, they say the large size serves up to four but that's debatable if you're big eaters like our group. Still, I'll take quality over quantity every time. Banchan were okay for me, though the endless corn and eggs made up for any disappointment at missing favorites. The dipping sauce is nicely jalapeño tinged spicy. The service is very good, attentive and they get feisty if you try to play with your own meat so for goodness sake, let them cook it for you. The grills are different than I've experienced before, I especially liked the side compartments with sweet corn cheese and eggs as well as the interchangeable grills for different types of meat. Didn't get the smoky issue that I keep hearing described, twasn't smoky at all and the place was packed. Soot Bull Jeep this is not.At about $30 pp with drinks, it's not that far from the AYCE places and much, much better. Having been to most of the top barbecue places, though not Genwa or Park's yet, this is firmly planted at the top until further notice. Hidden away in the Chapman Plaza, its not the easiest place to find for the uninitiated, but worth searching out. Actually, scratch that. There's really no need for you to go, the wait is already unbearable.Best Plates: Brisket, Marinated Short Ribs, Prime Rib-EyePalate: Moderately ExoticFood - AAmbience - A-Service - A-Value - A-
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,7/25/2013,2719,2132,68,75,70>Awww Tierra Mia....MI AMORI like you more and more the more I get to know you.  I think I love you by now.I first read about you and I was just curious.  Then I started reading your yelp reviews and read many great reviews.  I went to the Huntington Park location and it was love at first slurp.I went to this Pico Rivera location and was pleasantly surprised to see the drive-thru.Ordered large red beans rice frappe.Large red beans rice frappe ($4.75):  it's not as good as Huntington Park location because it's not as strong and it's a little bit too sweet.  I still like it though.This is the only Tierra Mia with drive-thru according to the friendly worker.  I went to this place 3 times already but it was closed the second time.  They closed all the stores to celebrate Tierra Mia anniversary with the workers.  This seems like a family place since I always see Hispanic families enjoying their Saturday/Sunday afternoon coffee.  Service is always great.4 stars!! I am a fan.  You are one of my favorite places for coffee along with Cafe Dulce and De Cafe Baristas.Tierra Mia is yummylicious!!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,7/24/2013,605,586,11,17,15>After 18 check ins, this is still my favorite place to eat in the san gabriel valley.  You will not find a better sandwich anywhere.  Today I had their Shrimp po' boy.  That's a joke.  If po' people were to make a sammich, they wouldn't stack it full of juicy fried shrimp!  When you have the crispy shrimp on their fresh bread, their lettuce, and their creamy sauce - it's just ridiculous.My other go to sandwiches are their bombero, which is a steak sandwich, their mojito, which is a roasted pork sandwich, and their cubana, which is a chicken-bacon,ham sandwich.   They have 24 different sandwiches here and the awesome thing about all of the sandwiches are with the quality of the meat/ingredients.   The cost of your eal is $8.60 for a sandwich and a side dish, but it's a steal for what you get.  If you're in this area, then this is a must eat place.  Then go down the street to their other restaurant, Guisados for the most unbelievable tacos in Los Angeles!
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2013,7/23/2013,629,1325,22,23,24>Came with the hubby - hubby is a regular.We like Mr. Kim cuz he knows Korean hairstyles which my husband LOVES. My hubby is not Korean but he secretly wants to be I think. So we just show Mr. Kim a photo and boom, my husband hair gets done. He always makes sure *I* like it. Smart man. I do need to wake up next to my hub everyday so I have to like it :DMrs. Kim is adorable! So accomodating!Fast, cheap and easy.Hubs is happy.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,7/22/2013,581,477,18,58,22>Damn it. I've been loyal to Olympic Spa for years but now I feel like a spa philanderer. Crystal has a crazy good deal where it's only $10 if you come before 8:30AM on Mon-Fri. I'm a early riser and I never say no to a bargain so I go every Monday morning. First off, here's the breakdown: park in P2 level they have marked reserved parking for Crystal Spa patrons. The rest of the mall parking has a 2 hour limit. Get on the elevator and go to the third floor. March into Crystal Spa. They give you a wristband locker key. Go in the women's section. Take your shoes off right away. OK, now trot over to your locker and strip yourself bare. It's the Korean spa, if you're not down with nudity then I don't know why you are bothering with Korean spas. Head over to the shower stations and clean yourself. Enjoy the dispensers filled with Aveda products. Ohhhh yeaaa...Plenty of towels to use, comfy cozy robe and toothbrush, bamboo salt paste and tub of sea salt are also provided for your enjoyment. This is certainly a well stocked spa. Head over to the jacuzzi, the steam room or dry sauna. Drench yourself in the cold shower rinse then dunk right into the frigid pool. Repeat this a few times. OK now walk back to the locker room and throw on the shorts and t-shirt. You're now ready to head to the unisex jimjilbang saunas over on the other side of the all female  spa. Experience the red clay room, the charcoal room or the pink salt room. All radiating a lower than dry sauna level of heat but certainly effective when trying to cleanse yourself via sweating toxins out. I rest and fall into a deep wannabe sleep and next thing you know, I'm refreshed as a hotel bed after maid service. I got a massage on top of just the spa since it was such a bargain. The Swedish was purely bliss with Song. She was really great with her hands- getting into all my computer hunch, shoulder/neck tightness and making me as limp as overcooked linguine. Bellisima! She advised me to go back and sit in the red clay room for another 20 minutes so my muscles can just let go further. I love insider tips.
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/16/2013,7/21/2013,237,264,14,15,14>Always simple, always good and provided at reasonable price. The teriyaki chicken is my standard here. And, while I'd never review a place like Yoshinoya (except in Japan maybe), B-man's offers a variety you can't find at other teriyaki express places. Take, for instance, the tofu skewers with green onions... or the katsu bowls...The mahi mahi bowl is a good option as are the garlic shrimp. The sheer popularity is a testament to its no nonsense practices. So, come and enjoy. I doubt you'll be disappointed. However, bear in mind I'd still consider it the slow-fast food style. You can take a breath here, but don't expect silverware.
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,7/20/2013,1527,888,16,22,19>The desserts are insane delish!!! The sweet gal who works behind the pastry counter and works the coffee bar is a gem. Adding rice krispy treats to chocolate chip cookies is genius! If you are looking for an afternoon pick me up and something to satisfy your sweet tooth, I highly suggest stopping off here! Someone says I'm the "best bad influence" in holding to my new appointed title I hope they feel that way after yoga tonight when they discover the TWO full bags of dessert I'm bringing home!
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/22/2013,7/19/2013,115,105,28,21,20>I'm usually not a really big fan of buffets, nor am I of rating them yet I feel  inclined to rate this place and to even give it a pretty good rating. Why you might ask? Despite the long wait to get seated and when you are finally inside to be amazed with half empty trays of food. Well first off they have super long lines because their seafood is actually edible unlike some other places that "claim" they serve seafood but upon eating it you get horrible stomach pains unless you have a stomach made of steel but we can't all have super man stomachs now can we. And well their trays are usually half empty or empty because the patrons enjoy it so much everyone snaps them up asap, but the good side is they are constantly pumping out fresh food. And despite all the praise I'm giving them this is not the reason I'm giving them five stars, they get five stars for being one of the VERY and I mean VERY few places my parents LOVE to go to and NOT complain! NOT EVEN ONCE! They also serve beer and I like to get it not because I'm a drunk (not too much at least) but I like to get my parents drunk. Drunk parents equal happy parents and happy parents equals a happier me of not having to hear their complaining for once. So once in a good while I like to drop by this place not because I enjoy the seafood (because I really don't like seafood) but my parents do and that's what really matters. This place is definitely family friendly  and best of all they serve beer. And the best part is...EVEN after the meal they talk about how great it was eatting there and for several hours I hear no complaints about me or my faults from my very judgmental asian parents. All thanks to seafood and beer.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2013,7/18/2013,414,207,20,24,24>While this iconic structure stands guard at the North-West corner of MacArthur Park, It is now reserved strictly for private banquets and permit-carrying film crews.  Continuing on my quest to find and experience local Los Angeles places and images captured in Nicolas Winding Refn's movie:  Drive; I discovered that various shots were filmed at this location by watching key scenes in the movie a countless number of times and formulating shooting angles of the camera.Park Plaza Hotel was the shooting location for Irene's and Driver's apartments which were on the 4th floor of the Hotel's tower.  Although, this is no longer a real functioning hotel, the makeshift apartments captured key images of looking down on MacArthur Park, the silhouette skyline of Downtown Los Angeles, and the geometric design of the Lofts located at the American Cement Building.  While I didn't have any luck making it to the 4th floor of the Park Plaza Hotel to see if the apartments facades actually looked as they did in the movie, I did have great timing to be able to see the building's interior.  Namely the main entrance, lobby, and several ballrooms.  The lobby doors were open, but guarded by a security person who said only people with permits could be allowed to the upper floors.  You could tell it was being scouted by several wedding planners at the time. - Interior Lobby Chandelier (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- Chandelier Zodiac (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- Lobby Desk (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- Entrance Glass Pane (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- Main stair case (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- Grand Entrance Ceiling (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)In the movie, the apartments were shot as if there was a large underground parking structure with that ever-so graphically identifiable elevator scene.  I was disappointed to find out that the Park Plaza Hotel has no underground parking lot.  I am assuming that the underground parking lot shoot was done in the neighboring American Cement Lofts' parking structure.  The building is architecturally fascinating, as it is guarded by various knight and angel gargoyles.  It is meticulously kept in an area that is not known to be particularly known for safety or having so many key landmark locations that are easily identifiable:  The lake at MacArthur Park, the Westlake Theater, and now the Park Plaza Hotel.  - Main Exterior Face (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- Side Exterior (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- Side Knights (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- MacArthur Park "NO" sign (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)- MacArthur Park Lake and Westlake Theater (yelp.com/biz_photos/park…)While movies tend to have a bad stereotype of making someone a couch potato, this particular movie personally motivated me to get up from the couch and explore various LA landmarks.  "Yeah, I Drive."
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,7/17/2013,4161,1558,20,31,28>Monzo is located on the north side of 1st Street by Daikokuya.  It's a great addition to Little Tokyo.  It serves hand made udon as well as other Japanese food.  Pre-Monzo required me to drive to the South Bay for authentic udon.The grand opening was on 3/15/13.  Bf and I rolled in here and ordered the scallops carpaccio, cold udon with daikon oroshi and Carbonara udon.  The Carbonara udon was rich with layers of flavors.  The cold udon with soft boiled egg was ostensibly simple, yet had complex tiers.  The servers all spoke Japanese, which is rare these days even in Japanese restaurants run by Japanese owners.  I really enjoyed visiting Monzo.
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2013,7/16/2013,354,182,28,29,27>Awkward. Pure awkwardness. Just awkward. Upon entering the shop, the waiter kept staring at my mom's shoes. Can't look at a customer's eyes? Maybe. Bright lights? Maybe. Shoe fetish? Double dutch maybe. Shoe fetish aside, this place is located in a strip mall next to Cocary and IHOP. It's nicely set up, open and spacious and countless waiters hanging around waiting to serve you.  This place is known for their handmade noodles, hence noodle house title, but they also make some of the tastiest dumplings I have ever devoured.Here's what I ordered for a table of 3:Pork Soybean Noodles ($6.25) - It came hot and stayed hot through the meal. The minced pork soybean sauce was salty so it was great they left it on the side for you to mix into your noodles. The noodles were nicely chewy and bouncy! It was also fabulous that shredded veggies were included in the bowl because most places leave out the refreshing veggies. This is a must try! Pork and Leek Potstickers (10 pcs, $6.99) - I prefer this filling and this version of dumplings. The filling had bright green leeks chopped roughly and pork that was porky (haha). The potstickers were cooked absolutely perfect, it wasn't greasy and they were big! Each potsticker even had soup/juices so watch out when you bite into them, it might squirt into someone's eyes haha. yelp.com/biz_photos/ffy-…yelp.com/biz_photos/ffy-…Pork and Cabbage Dumplings (10 pcs, $6.99) - This was the least flavorful filling, but I still liked it! The dumpling skin was thick, chewy, and just as good if you didn't want the added fat from the potsticker version. These were ginormous and juicy as well and quite filling for the tummy! yelp.com/biz_photos/ffy-…yelp.com/biz_photos/ffy-…Overall, a fabulous place for dumplings, I'll definitely be back! There's even a window for you to gawk at the dumpling ladies making your meal!! For 3 people, we ended up with a small box of 5 dumplings to go, so that tells you the food portion is well worth the prices.  This place doesn't have the little Pork Steamed Buns (XiaoLongBao) but you might find these dumplings just as good and a wonderful replacement to their overpriced competitors.  4 stars for overall food and experience; minus a star for no dumpling sauces to compliment the food (they have black vinegar on the table, but it's not my favorite) and the waiters stare at you while you eat... Anyway, happy eatings! :)
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,7/15/2013,3694,383,29,28,29>Happy Hour here is awesome!I forgot the times but I think it's from 4p-7p.I met up with a buddy of mine and we had Modelo Especial Cans ($3) with lime as well as Guacamole Fries ($4), Beef Taquitos ($4) & Chips n salsa (free). The food was surprisingly delicious and crunchy - just the way I like it. So I ordered a beer to start and for some odd & awesome reason, I cracked open the can, squeezed some fresh lime juice in there & when I took my first sip, I seriously felt like I was in the Coors commercial with the Ice Cold Beer quenching my hot body after it's been in the desert for days - DAMN! IT WAS SO DAMN GOOD! The beer was slightly frozen so each swig came with some frosty ice particles.Me: Bartender, your beer is refreshingly cold slash slightly frozen, it's so good!Bartender: I think they lowered the temperature in our refrigerator systems.Me: Hey it's perfect!So instead of buying the other libations, I stuck with Modelo Especial in a can at $3 a pop!  If I want whiskey, I'll just go upstairs to Seven Grand - prolly at 7pm.HOLLA!
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,7/14/2013,361,411,16,18,17>My friend and I came here for dinner on a Friday night a few weeks ago. We actually tried going to another restaurant, but the wait was too long, so we decided to give this gem a try. It's a little hard to find, but look for the plaza with Sushi Roku. We were seated immediately when we arrived. There weren't too many people, but it wasn't all empty either. The ambiance was excellent - modern classy. Quiet, dim, and unpretentious. Perfect date spot! We started off with the portobello fries, and these were delicious! Piping hot, lightly battered, juicy portobello mushrooms with truffle aioli on the side.For entrees, I ordered the bbq beef short ribs, and my friend ordered the hangar steak. I really liked my short ribs - they were so tender and flavorful. Most short ribs I've tried have been cooked in red wine, which give them a more subtle flavor, but these hoisin glazed short ribs take it to another flavor level! The parsnip puree was delicious too. The hangar steak was also good, but a little chewy for me. For dessert, we had hot bread pudding topped with ice cream, which was the perfect finish to our meal! Sweet and delightful!And this American bistro supports organic and sustainable farming! I was really impressed with the staff too. They were on point, attentive, and courteous. We were in there way past closing time and didn't know, but they were patient and never even mentioned it or rushed us. I thought that was very considerate of them.So with all that said, I highly recommend AKA! It's an EXCELLENT place to dine at a reasonable price! :)
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2013,7/13/2013,863,938,15,19,18>My Vegan is one of my regular lunch spots in Pasadena. They make a tasty Thai meal sans meat and the service has always been friendly. Although I do sit in the restaurant sometimes, I usually order take out and eat at home. There isn't much ambiance in the restaurant and it's very small. I recommend calling in the order for pick up to minimize wait times. My usual order is one of the following:- Spicy eggplant combo with tofu or soy chicken- Spicy green bean combo with soy chicken- Pad Thai with soy chickenCombos are served with brown rice, salad and a deep fried spring roll. They are a good lunch portion for me, but I would not recommend ordering combos for dinner or if you consider yourself a big eater. It's not enough food.Cost: $8.95 for combos, $9-11 range for other dishes.Credit cards accepted.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,7/12/2013,431,96,33,34,33>Yes, yes, yes. I'm taking all of my friends here. If you have relatives/friends visiting LA, no need to take them to hike all the way up behind the Hollywood sign, just take them to Guisaods and order a lot of tacos and float in gastronomical bliss for days. To me, Guisados is all that matters in LA. George Clooney? No. The beach and mid-70s weather in February? No. IT'S ALL ABOUT GUISADOS' TORTILLA, YOU GUYS.Whether you order a quesadilla with a thick slab of queso panela or a camaron taco with charred peppers and onions, you will be blessed by the hands of Guadalupe as you bite into the freshly made corn tortilla that humbly embraces whatever sorcery that you just ordered. Guisados makes their tortilla fresh daily--while you're placing your order for a large cup of horchata at the cashier, someone is in the back room auspiciously grinding up ears of fresh corn, making sure that the toritilla that ends up on your plate is as toothsome as humanely possible. Thank you, Guisados, I'd live at either of your locations if you permit.
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2013,7/11/2013,1215,510,26,28,21>Yay! So Bludso's now has a BBQ spot in LA.  But a stone's throw from Pink's Hot Dogs and Lucifer's Pizza.  No, really.  As long as you have a decent throwing arm, you might be able to throw a stone over Melrose and pelt someone waiting in line at Pink's.  I would actually give 3.5 stars, but I'll round up to 4 stars. It's not quite the same experience as the Compton spot.  You don't get to pay Compton prices.  But you also don't have to be weary of wearing something red or blue while pickin' up some BBQ either ('cause you know... Crips... Bloods...).  So unfortunately, for those of us where it's not convenient to visit the 'hood, we'll have to pay $20~30 a meal instead of $10~$15; in exchange for hipster comfort, sportsbar flat panel TV's, and stalwart service.  The trumped up prices are about double, if you compare Compton's Texas Sampler for $28.50, as opposed to the platters at Bar & Que that start at $65.  Let's talk about the meat and bones.  The BBQ is the star here.  As a disclaimer, I must say that I'm hardly a BBQ connoisseur.  Before Bludso's, I probably only ate the stuff once a year.  But like a recurring infection, I've started to get periodic, nagging cravings.  This location does serve it differently. You check off menu pad and submit your order to the waiter.  It's out on the table in minutes.  Brisket, rib tips, pork ribs, etc.  Now here's the difference: the meat isn't already slathered in BBQ sauce.  You can ask for "mild" or "spicy," or get both.  It comes out in sauce dishes, so you can pour and spread to your taste.  Plus, there's a bottle of apple cider vinegar with chilis pickled in, so you can season the amount of sourness you want, to taste.  The sauce is addictive to me.  Smoky, with tang and robustness.  I actually wasn't all that hungry when we came.  I was still fully bloated from a previous night filled with lobster, crab, steamed fish, honey walnut shrimp, shark fin soup, mango pudding, and more Hennessy than is wise to drink. Even being without appetite, my tastebuds urged me to soldier on.  I just wanted one more bite, one more taste of BBQ'd meat, married to sauce and spiced vinegar.  I shouldn't do it, but it is sweet torture.The sides.... are just whatev's.  Filler fodder.  They're there, if you just have to have the usual BBQ fixin's.  I'm not a big fan of BBQ beans, nor mac 'n cheese.  Cole slaw... you're not getting much cole slaw for $4.  It don't taste like no $4 cole slaw.  It does not beat my favorite cole slaws, that can be had at Philippe's for less than $2, nor at Cafe Pantry which is just "free/complimentary."  Keep in mind, Compton's Bludso's sells all this stuff for like $1.50~$2.  The Bar is full stocked for cocktails and some breadth of standard bourbons and Scotches.  I didn't try any of the few beers they had on hand.  Sodas, that stood out were Cheerwine (more cherry than coke in flavor, than a Cherry Coke), and another that reminds of carbonated, Hale's Blue Boy red syrup.As it is, maybe there'll be occasional celebrity sightings here.  I'm pretty sure that was Glee's Jane Lynch, gettin' her BBQ on, a few tables over.  The ambiance is very dim, with natural light flooding through the windows amidst glowing filaments of edison bulbs.  Lots of communal table benches to complete the hipster vibe.  But instead of hipsters, you get plenty of entertainment workers who have flocked from in-and-around Hollywood, to graze.  Service was fast, urgent, and left nothing wanting.  If anything, the joint may have been overstaffed.  That's just how prompt everything was.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/7/2013,7/10/2013,638,255,41,52,48>Please read Yvette's review for an honest update. I confirmed that there was an ownership change at the restaurant in September 2014. Therefore take my 5-star rating with a grain of salt since it was before the original owner sold U2 Korean AYCE BBQ...Yvette's Review:yelp.com/biz/u2-korean-a…--------------------------------------------------­------Damn I'm so full... and up until I took a shower a few minutes ago my dog was trying to lick me to death when I got home due to the overwhelming "eau de meat" caused by U2 Korean AYCE BBQ. But yea, I had no idea why this place was called U2 until I turned over the menu and saw that it stood for "you cook, you eat." Get it? You... You... You2... U2... For a second there I just thought they loved Irish rock. The location of the restaurant is the site of the now defunct Manna Korean BBQ and later Meat. Since then, a lot of money was poured into remodeling the place to turn it from a shabby run-down restaurant to a modern chic place with high ceilings and flat screen televisions that has been open for about a month now.  The menu is a bit chaotic because they offer so many things to grill that includes everything from the customary fare of beef short ribs and pork belly to the not so normal spicy shrimp and marinated lamb. Moreover, there is a progressive pricing system that is divided into four sections to resemble the four suits and face cards of a deck of cards (turns out that the owner operates a couple of Korean restaurants in Vegas). The lowest tier is depicted by the Jack of Spades and the highest tier is depicted by the Ace of Diamonds. I want to stop here and address the rumor of the no limit lobster tail that was offered in the diamond tier. Sadly, like the dodo bird, it no longer exists as it has been blacked out on the menu. Originally U2 had unlimited lobster tails to grill, but they underestimated the eating capacity of some gluttonous customers. Call it a conceptual "dodo" blunder, but they have since removed this option so that you are limited to one tail per two people. Confusing? Heck yea, but who really goes to a Korean BBQ to eat fucking lobster? So... our party of four ended up going with the King of Clubs menu (the second highest tier), which costs $28.99 per person and includes over 30 cuts of beef, pork, and seafood. The quality of the beef was superb and the marbling was top-notch. I would definitely recommend the beef prime rib eye and the unmarinated beef short rib. Oh, and the Berkshire pork was just divine!Also, U2 has a small salad bar where the dishes change daily. Aside from the standard kimchi and mayo-based salads, I noticed sweet potatoes (cooked and raw), sushi (do I even have to remind you that you are at a beef restaurant?), and yuk-heh (Korean steak tartare seasoned with sesame oil and Korean pears). I'm usually cautious when it comes to raw beef, especially with mad cow and all, but I couldn't resist U2's delicious yuk-heh. Too bad our server mentioned that yuk-heh is not offered daily. Now having been open for about a month, I predict a drop-off in quality within a few months the way all Korean AYCE places do. I call this Grand Opening Syndrome (GOS). Hopefully, U2 does not fall victim to GOS and continues to maintain their superb quality. Regardless, visit U2 ASAP so that "you too" can experience the same 5-star experience I had. Either way, I will be back... with or without you~~~* Going early on a Thursday night around 6-ish was a great time to go. Not too many patrons and the service was spot-on. However, I can see how on weekends this place could become a zoo, so here's a pro tip: don't come on weekends! ** The four tier menu system is priced at $36.99 for the Ace of Diamonds, $28.99 for the King of Clubs, $20.99 for the Queen of Hearts, and $15.99 for the Jack of Spades. bit.ly/XceJH5*** Valet Parking is $2, but you may find some street parking on St. Andrews or Olympic. Just read the signs carefully because the city loves to tow. Pictures:Look at all that marbling! bit.ly/W1YvyVYuk-heh (Korean steak tartare).bit.ly/Wy0qgt
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2013,7/9/2013,1206,320,46,55,50>I love this place. This is a hidden gem in Arcadia.FOOD - 5 Stars: I've bought many things here like chips, ice cream (jack fruit), etc. This place does have an eclectic mix of Japanese and Filipino items. They have various Goldilocks baked goods, other Filipino items, Japanese drinks (like Calpico), Japanese comics (manga), etc. There's a lot of stuff that could be seen here. I've ordered the Halo Halo on three occasions and each time, it has been as tasty as ever! After reading another review of the "toppings being at the bottom," I feel the need to explain what Halo Halo is. It's a Filipino dessert meaning "mix mix" in Tagalog because you have to mix it! Halo Halo has ice cream (usually Ube aka purple yam), jackfruit, various dessert beans, flan, coconut, evaporated milk, sugar palm fruit, nata de coco, and plenty of shaved/crushed ice. This is what Rosal's usually puts in their Halo Halo. Generally, Halo Halo is layered with all the beans, fruit, and whatnot at the bottom, followed by evaporated milk, then the shaved ice, and the ice cream on top. The key to a good Halo Halo is to mix it well so that in every bite you get the mixture of all the goodness inside.ATMOSPHERE - 5 Stars: This place is setup like a mini-market/bookstore. There's plenty to look at and plenty to buy. They have a couple of chairs outside so you can enjoy your dessert. Outside is a small, old town so to speak. So, it's nice to just sit there and enjoy the day.SERVICE - 5 Stars: This place is family owned and the owner is very friendly and accommodating. She even went over to open the door for me as I walked out. Her young son was manning the cash register and actually took my order as I called it in to pickup. This last experience was no different than the other times that I've been there. Always friendly. Since everything is made to order, it might take a while to build your order since Halo Halo is not quickly made. If you order Halo Halo from anywhere and it comes out quickly, I'd question the freshness of it. Some places have everything sitting in a cup for who knows how long so they can just dump ice and ice cream in it, which does NOT taste good. I'm just speaking from experience because I know my Halo Halo since I've had Red Ribbons, Goldilocks, Max's of Manila and wherever else you can imagine. Rosal's does it fresh every time and you can definitely taste the difference!RECOMMENDATION: Try out the Halo Halo and come and browse their food selection. You might find some interesting foods to try from Japan and Philippines! I guarantee now that spring and summer is coming up, Halo Halo will be the perfect dessert to cool you down!
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,7/8/2013,530,387,19,20,23>Portuguese sausage?I too, had never it until I made my way here for breakfast.  And I can only vouch for the breakfast here, as both visits were straight up delicious.They have a lot of your standard breakfast options, but what stood out on the menu were the crepes, bife portuguesa, and their linguica omelet.The linguica omelet refers to that spicy, Portuguese sausage filling it's inside.  It's got some kick, but nothing too overpowering.  Throw in the rest of fixings and you've got one hell of an omelet.  You can get an order of sausage and eggs, but I'd say it goes together better with the rest of the omelet pairings than with the just the eggs straight up.The bife is excellent - a sirloin marinated in wine sauce, topped with fried egg and fried potatoes.  My favorite item so far, the meat is super tender and gels well with the fried egg and sauce.  A must try.I didn't try the crepes, but my dining companions were impressed.  The coffee is pretty decent too.Definite breakfast recommend in the Mt. Baldy/Claremont vicinity.
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2013,7/7/2013,3695,1087,27,33,32>When I heard about Lock & Key, I was expecting some bondage themed bar with metal chains, an excessive amount of leather, and chokers. Fortunately, or unfortunately (for those of you who are into kinky fun) this speakeasy bar is vintage chic  and upscale with modern day music. The inspiration for the décor is The Great Gatsby which also inspired their signature drink "the Grape Gatsby". I see what you did there L&K...very clever. This speakeasy bar is tucked behind a mysterious red door next to Stall 239. After you enter that door, you are in a small room that has a 2 walls full of locks and door knobs...I'm talking from ceiling to floor!! To get into the actual bar you need to find the right knob that opens the door. I was having a Twilight Zone moment and  was seriously about to give up until my boyfriend finally opened the door which led us to a different dimension. It's hard to believe that this little gem exists in K-TOWN. I mean, right across the street is VONS and RALPHS...not the coolest place to put a bar, but totally fitting for the unsuspecting façade. I tried a few of their drinks and was very impressed. I normally don't drink mixed drinks, but these bartenders were PROS who KNOW so I took their word for it. The "Old Money" is a successful twist on the classic "Old Fashion" and their "Balled Up" is bourbon-based citrus heaven. The waitresses were also offering snacks from Stall 239 so I was able to try their vegetarian sandwich, garlic fries, and fried PB&J. I love PB&Js so if you deep fry it, you're basically asking for me to go into beast mode. Great! Another bar to add to my list "places that make it impossible to quit drinking"
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/6/2013,7/6/2013,685,98,20,26,24>I think I just found my new go to dumpling house ! Seriously, this stuff is TOOO GOOD FOR THE SOUL (:Been wanting to try this place for a while now and I came in with really high expectations because of all the other great reviews. Lemme just say, I was certainly not disappointed ! Came here with the fam on PapaBear's day off and since it was our first time the waiter took his time to serve us and recommend certain dishes.On our table:- Cold Spicy Pig's Ear (I've had better of this dish, but I wasn't here for that anyway !)- Lamb Soup Knife Cut Noodle: The noodles are so good and chewy ! They were so fresh they needed a whoopin' !- Pork and Leek Potstickers: Chewy skin, and flavorful, juicy meat. Why am I such a sucker for pan fried dumplings ?!- Beef Roll: Tender slices of braised beef wrapped in a crispy, flaky onion pancake, smeared with tasty bean sauce and stuffed with cucumber slivers and cilantro. What really makes this beef roll stand out from most others is the cucumber slivers. It adds an extra element of cool freshness in your mouth and cuts out the oily feeling of the onion pancake. Oh, how I love living in the SGV to be able to eat such marvelous things.- Pan Fried Pork Buns: This plate was the most anticipated out of all of them. Let me just tell you that just upon laying eyes on this magnificent sight, goosebumps formed all over my body. There were a total of 10 whopping buns on this huge plate all fried to a delicious deep golden brown color, just the way I LOVE it. The waiter warned me that it was STEAMING hot and to take caution while taking my first bite. But of course my greedy little mouth could not wait and so I took the long awaited plunge into this scrumptious bun. Hot juices flowed from the sides of my my mouth and down my chin and it was HOTT but nothing mattered at that point except for the delicious flavors attacking my taste buds and sending me on a taste trip like no other. It was truly the best ending to a fantastic meal and after all was consumed and our stomachs could stretch no more, we sat there sipping our tea deciding on what else we should try on our next visit. Happy eating (:
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2013,7/5/2013,818,503,22,34,29>This is the toughest hike I've gone on so far.La Tuna Canyon Park is 1,100 acres on the northwest side of the Verdugo Mountains.To get to the Hostetter Fire Road, one of the main fire roads that will take you to the top, look for the Intersection of the 210 Foothill Freeway and La Tuna Canyon Road.  The fire road starts south of the freeway and you will most likely see a bunch of cars parked in the dirt on the edge of La Tuna Canyon.It is a pretty steep fire road and you will have elevation gains of 1,400 until you reach the top in about 3.5 miles.Here is some information from another hiking website:hikespeak.com/trails/la-…Once you get to the top you will see the radio towers and you can look down on Burbank.  The clouds were really low today, so it was hard to see too well.Tips:*  Bring a couple bottles of water or one of those Camelbak things.  I brought one full bottle of water and wished I had another by the time I got to the top.*  Give yourself a few hours because it took my friend and I two and a half hours roundtrip.  You might want to bring a snack with you for some energy.*  Don't forget sunscreen.  We started off and it was really foggy and it burned off quickly.  I was glad I could take off my jacket and put some sunscreen on.*  The easiest way up is the Hostetter Fire Road.  There is a really steep fireroad that you will see about a mile up the road.  That road is really steep.  See my photos:yelp.com/biz_photos/la-t…*  If you are energetic you don't have to just stop at the top.  You can take the Verdugo Motorway toward Glendale or head over toward Burbank.    These mountains are full of trails and fire roads.Notes:*  The Verdugo Mountains are similar to Griffith Park and are covered with trails and fire roads.  *  You don't have to worry about parking issues or too many people like Griffith Park.*  You don't have to worry about getting lost.  It is impossible.*  If you see some young Pine trees near the top my son's Boy Scout pack planted them a few years ago.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,7/4/2013,3170,1316,31,35,31>**GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH AND TOMATO SOUP COMBO**Admiring the Montage and there it was.A hidden bar and cafe near the courtyard.PARKING========Valet ($8) and street parking on Canon and Beverly.AMBIANCE=========Think French open cafe. European awesomeness. Casual and relaxed. Great for rich people watching and being outdoors.FOOD=====Consistently ordered the:**TOMATO SOUP ($9/whole and $5/half)Nice and warm and of course, perfect dipping mechanism for its partner, the Grilled Cheese Sandwich.RATING: 4/5**GRILLED CHEESE SANDWICH ($11)Perfectly buttered and grilled. Texture was light and fluffy with the right amount of cheese.RATING: 5/5BEVERAGES===========Excellent cappuccino, too.RATING: 5/5SERVICE========Friendly and efficient.FTW=====You can grab a macaron or two at their next door bakery.Great place to grab lunch and be outside in Beverly Hills.HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,7/3/2013,115,174,52,57,56>"Really there are two types of people that go bowling. There are people that really really love bowling and then there are the people that are like, "Wouldn't it be hysterical if we went bowling?" - Jim GaffiganFor me it would be the first of the two (by the way Jim Gaffigan is an awesome comedian). I used to bowl here a lot. There were times where I scored turkeys (no not actual turkeys!) but I'm beginning to think it was pure luck.The lanes seem to be decently oiled. On rare occasions, the ball gets stuck on the way to the ball return rack and you would have to call the attendant. There have also been a few times when the screen freezes up because sometimes the metal bar doesn't push all the pins down. So there are some minor flaws, but they're not drastic.Cosmic bowling here at night is nice. It gives a new effect to the bowling experience. Whenever I go cosmic bowling, I never care about my score and just go toss crazy (not onto another lane of course!)Weekdays are usually less crowded than the weekends.You get coupons to your email when you sign up for their Bonus Zone program. I remember when I first started bowling here, the coupons were 89 cents a game, then 99 cents, and now it's like $1.49 per game (for up to 10 games). I also remember when they used to have coupons where you can bowl up to 6 free games. No more of those free games coupons though it seems.So overall, the bowling alley could use some improvement but it's still a great place to bowl. Good prices and always a fun experience!
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2013,6/29/2013,456,203,16,20,20>As soon as I heard that there was a new ramen joint in town, you know that I be all up in their business. Got to try Ikemen today and of course I opted for their famous tsukemen-style ramen. The waiter was helpful and explained the entire dip ramen process and went through the menu with us as well!Went for their recommended best-seller, the Zebra Dip which is roasted garlic broth. The broth. Oh boy, oh boy. Full of rich flavor. So rich that I wanted to drink all of it, but I refrained! The ramen noodles were very good as well. They are made a little chewy (al dente? if that can exist for ramen) and I am a fan of al dente noodles. There were also two thinly sliced pieces of pork on top of the ramen to dip into the broth as well!Fair prices for a moderate amount of food. The Zebra Dip was $8.95 and you can add toppings to your ramen for additional prices on the side of the menu. Service was very helpful and the restaurant is very clean but a little small. Definitely glad I got there at an off time. The decor is totally swanky with fancy-smansy chairs. The restaurant is located in the same complex as Marukai, Orochan and Curry House. It's located right next to Marukai near the street side. Not too sure if they validate for the lot, but Marukai does! (Who doesn't love Japanese snacks and candies?!)A good addition to Little Tokyo since I'm a man of many ramen. Yummmm! I definitely recommend it if you are in the area!CASH ONLY!!
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2013,6/28/2013,729,145,55,60,81>Please don't sit next to me.That sounds terribly bitchy, I know, but you'll thank me later if you sit there instead, near the window, like me. See how the sun is rising? See how it's rays are groggy and just waking up? Don't take your eyes away. The sun wants to say good morning.If you insist on checking your iphone/pod/pad/prison every 2.5 seconds, then you'll be happy to know there's outlets right next to you. Don't feel special, every seat has them. And yes, there's wifi. These seats? I know, right. They're great. Comfy, lotsa leg room, clean. No, they're not all like this. You got lost in the right place. If you head down that way, you'll stumble upon garish yellow lighting and dinky tin seats. You gotta try the Business Class one day. It's like, $14 more but there's complimentary tea/soda/water and an assortment of Costco pastries. Plus, there's people who go around and take your order. It doesn't sound like much, but the staff is super friendly and they've got smiles that make the meanest danish, sweet as cream.Me? Oh, I'm by myself. Solo. I like it this way. I can fall in love with this ride and there's no one to tell me 'it's just a train'. Because it's not, ya know? It's not just a train. It's an escape. An adventure. A dream while wide awake. Sometimes, you meet funny characters in your adventure. Be polite and kind, yet cautious, with everyone. What are you reading there? Kim Karrrr...who, now? Are her lips the hue of cotton candy streaked across the sky out there? Do her eyes sparkle as bright as the tips of those waves? Does she incite wonderlust and peace inside you? Leave the magazines at home next time. I promise you, no mere mortal can compare to the beauty outside your window.Quit checking the time. Don't you know Time hates that? All it wants to do is be witness to the miraculous story of our lives, without constantly being checked in upon by people like you. It doesn't matter, anyway. We'll either not be on time, or we will. We may be late by a full hour, early by 42 minutes, or right on the dot. The truth is, you probably shouldn't make plans that are contingent on the train timetables. Very often, they are reliable. But sometimes, they are off, and even fewer times, they are off by A LOT. Give yourself plenty of Time. He likes being appreciated.This is my stop.What? The name of the city? Oh, I dunno. It just looks pretty and I want to go explore. I never really have a stop in mind. Enjoy the rest of your ride, and your day. And your Time.And keep your eyes open. Be awake.Don't miss anything.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/12/2013,6/27/2013,1700,729,35,42,41>What the hell is Chego? I looked it up and it means "to arrive" in Portuguese.Most would call Roy Choi dishes as fusion. I just call it Asian. Just like many Asian countries with a mix of cultures, the merrying of food is typical. Filipino, Indonesian, Malaysian, Singaporean, Hong Kong, Korean has cross cultural food based on it's roots. I see it as a blend and appreciation of cultures. Whatever it is, Roy Choi does it well with his menu at Chego. The Chubby Pork Belly is the perfect dish for me. It's a mesh of grilled spicy pork kbbq, rice, pickled radish, water spinach, Chinese broccoli, cotija which is a cool green cheese sauce, grilled shallots, Thai basil, yokly fried egg, and chopped peanuts.   There's about 4-5 countries in that dish done well. Grab a bottle of pure cane sugar Jarritos and you'll be happy.The restaurant is a hole in the wall located in the middle of a plaza courtyard in Chinatown. It's fast food with picnic tables outside. This place get's 5 stars in my eyes just for the flavors. I'm looking forward to come back and try other bowls.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,6/26/2013,295,322,14,23,17>The word is not out yet for this place. Recently opened, Dec. 1st, just got a crazy A+ rating from the LA health inspector! If that doesn't sell you, thenOkay, my neighbor told me about a new place on Glendale Blvd. Beautiful ladies doing home-style cooking on hot plates, and it's pay-what-you-will. Don't tweet that! It's no longer by donation, but it is very cheap. #fullcoursecubanmeal$9#awesomesauce#CASHONLYYeah so I'm pretty sure it's one menu item per night. No menus, just plop down & make conversation. Last Thursday was Cuban croquettes of chicken & sweet potato with black beans & rice & a side salad. For dessert there was mangos with whipped cream cheese sauce. We also had the best fucking coffee I've ever had out of a percolator. Then again I don't do much living with coffee, but it was damn tasty. Hands down the most friendly, easy-going restaurant staff I've experienced in LA since I was in Portland in the summer. Really cool, nice people who turn out delicious grub. I wish them the highest yields of success!
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2012,6/25/2013,877,577,17,23,15>LOVE this place! Admission is $2 ($1 on Saturdays) and go early! Everything goes fast!My mom is awesome at flower arranging. So she made the centerpiece, boutonnieres, and bouquets for both my wedding and my sister's wedding.There are so many vendors there. Seriously where else can you get 2 dozen ROSES for $12!?!? Or a huge bouquet of flowers for $10??If you find a vendor you like, call them before you go down! One time my mom went and found so many roses in the color she needed.  Then we came again the following weekend and he only had 3 dozen of that color we needed. We bought ALL of them and some poor woman after us wanted that same color.. HAHAH sorry lady - we bought all of them.
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2012,6/24/2013,331,196,14,20,15>Too popular to find a place to sit! That is a bit annoying, however, their sushi is so good that you don't hold anything against them! The menu is small, but straight to the point: AMAZING fish!You should get "Trust me" with couple of hand-rolls, and maybe a an extra roll (8pieces).They have mini sake bottles and japanese beer! After trying TRUST ME, you will have a bit of heaven in you. I really have no tip on what time you should go, every time is crazy busy, I end up taking to- go b/c who's gonna wait forever to sit.For all the sushi lovers, this place is a must to try at least more than once :D...p.s. it's so awesome that the chef has a card to teach what to eat with what sauce... =)enjoyxoxo
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,6/23/2013,1132,380,15,22,18>First rule of Franklin Canyon Park - don't go here.Second rule of Franklin Canyon Park - don't tell anyone about it.Sometimes I'm so hesitant to "Yelp" about my favorites.This place is a true gem.  You can get there by coming south from Mulholland or the way that I usually take - going Beverly, north from Sunset.It's truly a peaceful oasis hidden in the city.  When I'm sitting by the lake watching ducks fly by I am amazed at what a short drive it is from The Beverly Hills Hotel.The opening credits for The Andy Griffith Show were shot here.  I find myself whistling that tune as I walk around the lake.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,6/22/2013,982,685,10,18,13>Ahmanson is one of those hidden gems of DTLA. Unless you've been, you assume it is just an extension of the Walt Disney Concert Hall or Dorothy Chandler right next door. But it isn't.It is the baby brother of Pantages, lacking some of the gilding and pomp of Hollywood, but while it lacks the flash, it sure delivers the substance.THEATRE:Not a bad seat in the house. Seriously, you can sit anywhere (back, and to the side) and you will be able to see the stage clearly and hear everything. The acoustics are phenomenal (much better than Pantages), and everyone in the audience is pretty chill. Some people dress up, some come straight from work, and some come in jeans with their kids (lucky kids, getting exposed that early).The area around the grounds is amazing and makes up for the grandeur that the theatre itself lacks. There's a beautiful center sculpture surrounded by fountains shooting up from the ground (the kind that make you want to run through them like a kid). In the summer, lots of kids do run through them. It's a beautiful plaza with a taco stand and a few cafe-like food stalls around, and plenty of tables. I see some "writers" come here in the afternoons and sit and ponder. The newly-revamped Grand Park is right across Grand Avenue as well, which is a great stroll. The other side of Hope leaves you with a view of the LADWP building with their amazing waterworks features all lit up at night. The trees on both streets are strewn with lights, and make it so romantic at night.At Christmas, they have a huge christmas tree up with gorgeous ornaments. SHOWS:Broadway comes here. You see and hear everything. It's wonderful. My favorites that I've seen at Ahmanson: Follies, Mary Poppins.FOOD/DRINKS:They have snacks, beer, and wine, but beware nothing is allowed inside. PARKING: Sometimes you get lucky and find a meter on Hope near the LADWP side or on Hope. Otherwise pay $9 (weekday) - $15 (weekend) for the underground lot (entrance on Grand Avenue) and make sure to pay attention to where your car is -- it's very easy to get lost. Or, eat at one of the eateries downtown and park there, and get a free shuttle up (I know Engine Co. 28 does this). TIP:Season tickets to Ahmanson Theatre, Mark Taper Forum, or any of LA's smaller theatres is one of LA's best kept secrets. For $99, I get 5 shows a year. That is about $20 a show, for a theatre literally right in my back yard. Season tickets allow you to change your date as many times as you want, and get first pick at seats. It's a steal and has made my LA/DTLA experience so much richer.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,6/21/2013,315,38,27,39,35>Les Noces du Figaro is a new restaurant in Downtown LA. It is the second location of the French Figaro Bistro from Los Feliz. I decided to take a chance on it because I love the old location. I remember their French onion soup being fantastic and I always welcomed the chance to speak French with the waiters.Don't be mistaken, My French is not very good. I speak French as well as a seven-year-old because this is the language that I spoke as a child in Cairo, Egypt. This is why French food, culture, and the language have always had a place in my heart.Les Noces du Figaro also appeals to me because it happens to be located in the middle of of one my favorite streets in Los Angeles--Broadway. I remember coming Downtown for many years through its various incarnations. In the early days it was bustling with Department stores, movie theaters, and cafeterias. My husband and Iused to come Downtown for the big shoe conventions, because we ran a shoe store.Over the years, the street changed. Most of the department stores left and the movie theaters have closed. From what I understand, the street is back on the upswing with new stores coming in. La Noche de Figaro came into the old Schaber's Cafeteria, which has been vacant for many years. It is such welcome news that the big, beautiful space is being used again by a restaurant, and by a French restaurant at that!I recently tried Figaro's spinach quiche and also a croissant, which to me is the proper way to judge a French restaurant. Quiche is very simple, only eggs, milk, flour and cheese. Sometimes spinach. The French know how to make quiche right and Figaro knows how to make quiche French. The same goes for a croissant. When you bite into a proper French pastry, you simply know that the baker has done his homework and wants you to enjoy yourself. And I certainly did and youwill too.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,6/20/2013,282,108,13,15,12>Oh Griffin, you are so much fun. Thanks again for many memorable nights. This is definitely one of my favorite bars. I love the ambiance and the atmosphere of this place. Walking in here reminds me of an old cabin with dim lights and a nice fireplace. Place has plenty of seats and an outside patio. They have a jukebox with nice selections so you can pick your favorite song and enjoy a cocktail or two or five if you want to go crazy. Love the whole vibe of this place. The crowd is eclectic. This is not your average bar which is why I fell in love with this place. The whole feel is different than any other rowdy bars in Hollywood. The vibe is mellow and chill. Beer selections and cocktails are excellent. Prices are average and bartenders are A-OK.Overall, this place is great for hanging out and grabbing drinks with a group of friends.Tip: This place gets packed Fridays and Saturdays so arrive early if you can. Also, street parking and meter parking is available.
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2012,6/19/2013,703,422,12,25,18>Fantastic.Men Oh Tokushima Ramen is hidden away in the more obscure part of Little Tokyo known as the Honda Plaza. That's no reason to miss it though - the service and, more importantly, the signature Tokushima ramen that this restaurant dishes out is flat out great. The Tokushima ramen itself is awesome - for less than $9, the Tokushima ramen is quite filling and features a thick yet rich and very warm pork broth that reminded me of ramen I had in Osaka long ago. The egg was half cooked with a soft yolk in the center (as it should be) and the delicious pieces of pork belly and chashu were tender and fairly large. Also, Men Oh doesn't make the mistake of throwing too much green onions and bean sprouts into the Tokushima ramen which I find that too many ramen joints do. If I knew they gave a hearty amount of noodles in the ramen, I would not have ordered extra but hey, that broth has to be used COMPLETELY right? =DThe service here is also excellent - our server was friendly and informative and regularly checked up one us. Upon not getting our bowls as quickly as he promised, he gave us a complimentary plate of delicious chicken karaage. While I could've sworn we only waited 10 minutes (which would be a good time at many other ramen places to wait for your ramen bowl), I liked how he went above and beyond to make sure we were satisfied with our experience.The interior of Men Oh is fairly large as you have a good amount of bar and table seating. Despite its use of more modern decor unlike many other ramen joints that opt for a more traditional feel, Men Oh still feels warm inside - especially on a chilly night.After some disappointing recent runs at the ramen joints in the neighborhood, I'm glad some of my friends recommended Men Oh to me - it is every bit worth your time to visit and I will be eager to come again.
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,6/18/2013,229,294,18,16,19>Slater's, you have arrived!What could beat a restaurant where bacon is one of the primary ingredients. ABSOLUTELY NOTHING (it was a trick question)!After having been to Slater's a few times now and also once on Trivia Night, I can confidently say that I TRULY LOVE THIS PLACE!!Trivia night was super fun but a bit confusing at first.  The rules were hard to understand with the point wagering system, but after a few rounds we had it down cold.I went with the Hawaiian burger for dinner, with a side of onion rings.  WOW, that burger is good.  50/50 patty, topped with spam, an egg, grilled pineapple, cheese, and some bacon sauce.  HOLY CRAP.  My taste buds were beside themselves with joy.  It was so good that i ordered it the next time i was there.  The onion rings were nice and crispy too.  Really hit the spot.  Since first going to Slater's I have been having major withdrawals and cravings for bacon laden burgers.  I need them, and I need them all the time!  Sure it wreaks havoc on a diet, but so what, sometimes you gotta indulge.  Oh and the bacon brownie is also pretty damn good.  Its a huge portion so make sure you got someone to share it with.  Service has always been great at Slater's and some of the waitstaff even remembered me the last time i was there.  Slater's, you are a blessing from the gods.  I love you. A lot.
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,3/13/2013,6/17/2013,495,527,13,19,13>I applaud Milk & Honey for their cute brick toast designs, and especially for fulfilling my special request of turning the ice cream scoop bear design into a kitty! My love for Hello Kitty made me goofy enough to ask if they'd do it and they did attempt it! (yelp.com/biz_photos/milk…)If you order this monster of a dessert, make sure you come hungry of have lots of friends because two people can't easily finish it! Be forewarned that it does take 20-30 minutes for them to prepare (literally bake/toast the brick toast).The drinks are pricey and a little sweet. I thought the blueberry tea was a neat combo.I'd probably come again, but bring my friends to help finish the desserts!Yelp 100 Challenge 2013 - 15 of 100
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,6/16/2013,436,626,12,17,13>I'm a Thai beast.No joke. I've been having ridiculous cravings for Mango Sticky Rice but mangos just HAD to be out of season right now. What does this mango sticky rice craving beast gotta do for some mango with some warm sticky rice with coconut milk split all over it?Well, Classic Thai FULL-FILLLED my cravings. Omg, it was SO good that my mouth is salivating right now. I literally stuffed myself with it. And this place does not skimp out on the rice with yummy, creamy, warm coconut milk. 5 stars.Enough with whoring over the Mango Sticky Rice. I did try the Veggie Tofu Green Curry (another entree I crave when I'm a Thai beast). Unfortunately, it wasn't up to par: soupy-like and without a variety of veggies. (2.5 stars). But the (not so spicy) Spicy Basil Eggplant wasn't that bad (3.5 stars). I also liked their sweet and sour soup with tofu (4 stars).PS this is a small place itself. It's a house you're eating in which I thought was uber cute.
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,6/15/2013,478,150,8,19,18>Okay. Last update. I PROMISE!Caffe Vita Silver Lake is wonderful!!! I LOVE this place! It's more than I expected from a great coffee shop. Like I mentioned in my previous review, something things are worth waiting for. In this case, it's true! I walked in and I knew I was home. :)The servers are wonderfully nice, so personable, and very accommodating. I just couldn't believe it, especially since they were temporarily giving out coffee drinks for FREE! Why would you be so nice, especially in LA? They said they love doing this and it was a way to get to know their neighbors. And you know how when a new business starts, it tends to be full of little bumps along the way, and you wonder if they know what they're doing? Well, it's not at all like that here. As you may or may not know, Caffe Vita comes from Seattle, pretty much the capital for making a perfect cup of coffee. They have been around awhile since 1995. So they know a thing or two about making coffee. In addition to Seattle, they have shops in Portland and New York City. For this location, they have brought their very own from Seattle and New York. They are helping with the training of the LA folks. And let me tell you, they take coffee preparation to a whole different level--it's like observing a chemistry experiment in a lab. They know what they are doing,enjoy doing it, and they are very good at it. I have ordered the Americano. I have to say that it was the BEST Americano I ever had in my entire life. Caffe Vita is located in the Hollywood/Sunset/Virgil/Hillhurst junction, makes getting here very convenient. There is parking on the street. Do be careful as there are parking restrictions in the surrounding areas. But wait! There's more! This place has a second floor!  The second floor is more like a loft area, full of tables and several outlets to take care of business. It's very cozy up there. On the first floor, there are several spacious tables that run along the side where there are large windows. And when it gets pretty sunny and bright, they have shades to keep you feeling comfortable. There is a station where you can fill your coffee with different goodies like creamer, agave syrup, and they even have a toaster!  At this same station, there is an impressive water filtration system, where you can fill up glasses with fresh clean water. :) This station is also where you can place your dirty dishes, and recyclables. Besides, coffee pastries are available. For now, they get their goodies from Cake Monkey (big YUM!) and Action! Cookies. Both very good. I usually get the sage croissant with some gruyere cheese inside. They go wonderfully with those perfect lattes with the rice and soy milk combo or Americanos. They are open until 10pm, every night!  This is exactly what we needed in this part of town! A coffee shop that stays open late! My friend Sandra V. said that if Caffe Vita remained open late, that would be some kind of a pipe dream. Well, Sandra V., I guess some dreams do come true! Welcome to the neighborhood, Caffe Vita!
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,6/14/2013,385,356,16,21,17>This tiny establishment is hidden in the sketchy part of Highland Park, offering a delicious dish called Huarache. An oblong fried dough is topped with salsa, onions, cilantro, meats, queso fresco, and other delectable things. A popular dish of Mexico City in the heart of Los Angeles. The tortas are hearty and tasty. A great accompaniment for the Huarache. Holding only a handful of seats, it makes it cozy and friendly. The owner wins points for being congenial. You may be the only non-Hispanic patron, but with food this great, it won't cross your mind.
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/17/2013,6/12/2013,790,272,12,25,21>This is the best new Italian restaurant in LA.Now, SSSSHHHH.  It's fairly small and they don't take reservations, so believe me, I really hesitate to tell you about it.  But if this place doesn't survive and thrive, I will weep.  Besides, my heart is generous - so I must share!FOOD:The menu is wonderful...lots of familiar Italian ingredients, but new and surprising preparations.  Some of the dishes I've had -- all wonderful:Crostini - both meat and vegetarian optionsOrganic Salmon, Fennel and Orange Salad (a special)Osso Bucco Agnolotti in salsa verde (not like Mexican salsa verde)Pumpkin Ravioli (I've never cared for Pumpkin Ravioli...until now)Conchiglie (unstuffed shells with a saffron fish sauce)Lasagne (pillowy, light rich deliciousness!)Tiramisu (I bet it's a better version than anything you've had before)For those of you who are vegetarian, vegan and/or gluten-free, there are a number of options (usually clearly marked, but check with your server!)For now, it is BYOB with no corkage fee -- an amazing bargain.SERVICE:I really don't understand the handful of complaints on here, and am personally inclined to think most of them are difficult patrons (or patrons with the wrong expectations) or exceptional experiences.  I've had wonderful service every time I've been here -- both from the owner and the staff.  They are not equipped (small kitchen, everything made to order) to handle large parties well, but they kindly agreed to accommodate my party of 13 on a busy Saturday if we agreed to be a bit patient and do family-style servings.  If you're high-maintenance, or have a large group, or expect a Michelin-star service level from a tiny kitchen/homey place, look elsewhere.  If you're a good-humored, pleasant person, expect to be delighted by warm, genuine service and astoundingly good food.  Once in awhile, they do get slammed, and you may see the servers try to keep smiling even while they are a little harried.  P.S. One of my first rules for good service - be a courteous patron.  Servers are not servants.  Treat others as you would like to be treated.AMBIANCE:Inside and outside are both equally charming; Decor is simple and inviting.  It's the kind of place where you may see a person in a business suit next to a table in evening dress, next to a table in jeans and sneakers.  This place is equally perfect for a business lunch, a dinner with friends, or a date night.GO, GO, GO NOW!
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2013,6/11/2013,623,222,28,37,32>OFFICIALLY MY FAVORITE LOCAL VAPE STORE!Outside: yelp.com/biz_photos/just…Inside: yelp.com/biz_photos/just…(+) Private parking lot. Located on the left of the shop. If it's full, there's plenty of street parking on San Gabriel Blvd. All the times I've visited, I've never had trouble with parking.(+) Elegant decor. Two comfortable couches (yelp.com/biz_photos/just…). Two televisions on the walls (yelp.com/biz_photos/just…). Coffee stand in the middle (yelp.com/biz_photos/just…). Vape stores lack restrooms, but they allow you to use theirs which is always a plus!(+) Amazing customer service. The owner is always welcoming & friendly. Tell him what kind of flavors you're into & he will pick out a selection of flavors for you to try. Very knowledgeable of the products he's selling.(+) They carry a good selection of mods, one of the popular ones being the K100 (yelp.com/biz_photos/just…). They also carry the popular juice brands like Doc Bailey's, Drake's, Uncle Junk's & Pink Spot (yelp.com/biz_photos/just…). They also have their own house brand, I definitely suggest trying Love Potion & Fruitality! They announced on Facebook that they'll be carrying Starbuzz hookah flavors soon, which will be exclusive to this store. Best of all, they carry my favorite juice brand = VILLAIN VAPORS!
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,6/10/2013,782,622,22,42,26>Women's Only FacilityIf you are looking for a smaller Korean spa, this is my favorite one. It's located in a strip mall on the corner of Vermont and11th, there is a Subway sandwich in the same plaza and a private parking lot. Hugh Spa is on the 2nd floor. Once you check in they give you 2 small towels and a robe. FYI, this is a good spa for those of you who are self conscious about being butt naked at a spa. Most Korean spa's do not give you a robe, you walk around in your birthday suit, no bathing suits allowed either. I took a friend who has always wanted to go to a Korean spa but was hesitant because she wasn't comfortable walking around naked. For most of the spa you can keep your robe on (90%). The various rooms were awesome. The descriptions of each can be found on their website so I won't go over the details.-Mud Clay Room - my favorite, it's like you are being engulfed in clay beads and it's super HOT! -Pink Himalayan Salt Room-Infrared Magnetic Room-Ice Room-Steam Sauna-Herb BathIf you want a body scrub, this was probably my favorite place. I purchased a body scrub/massage combo of 80 minutes for $59 (entrance fee is waived). The body scrub was awesome but the massage was AWFUL.  It's not often that I'm waiting for the massage to end. It was not relaxing nor deep, I felt like I was being thrown around with no real "massage" taking place. It could be rated as the worst message I've had in a long time. Next time I'm going to opt for just the body scrub. For those who have never had a Korean body scrub, it can be a bit painful.  But I guarantee they will scrub off a few layers of your skin and your body will feel incredibly soft. This isn't Burke Williams so don't expect a private room.  People may be standing next to you and having a conversation while you are getting your treatment and your naked body is laying on top of a table with nothing covering your private parts so be warned. My favorite spa is still Wii Spa which is much, much bigger and they have a few large jacuzzi's. This place does not have a jacuzzi but even so I really enjoyed the quaintness of the place. Oh, and they do have a place to order food which looked really good. It's not always opened, I'm not sure what the schedule is. If you're looking for a smaller simple spa, this is a good one to check out.
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2013,6/9/2013,707,1492,12,11,14>Little know fact* about @Boosphillysteak :Arthur "Boo" Radley eventually left little Maycomb after a pep talk from Atticus Finch and encouragement from Scout who was by then the Captain of the Maycomb High Fighting Barristers basketball team.  After spending several weeks in Philadelphia he decided it was much colder than he was used to down south in Maycomb. He decided to head west to Los Angeles.  Fortunately for folks in LA, Boo had not fallen for the city of brotherly love but he had fallen for the signature sandwich in all it's variety. In fact, he ate only cheesesteak sandwiches for two meals a day during his time in Philly.  Despite gaining 15 pounds in the three weeks in Philly he was undeterred in his devotion to the sandwich.After arriving in LA Boo quickly set up shop peddling cheesesteak sandwiches to Angelenos.  The rest is history as they say. Stop on by and enjoy!*actual story behind Boo's can be found on Boo's website. But that was fun.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2013,6/8/2013,690,358,12,18,12>I eat at Rose City pretty often.  My favorite is definitely their pizza, City Dog, and Chinese Chicken Salad.  I think I've tried most of the pasta and pizza, but I definitely enjoy the Hawaiian and tomato pizza the best.  The pizza is just the perfect thickness.  The tomato sauce is not overpowering, and you can still taste the rest of the ingredients on the pizza.  Slices are always hot and fresh.  My co workers really like the Stromboli.  It comes in a pretty generous size and I usually can only eat half of it.  Nothing like New York's Stromboli, but their combo one is pretty popular and definitely a lot of guys' favorite. City Dog is like the dirty dogs that you get from a food cart outside of a club in LA (yeah you know what I'm talking about), except this one will probably clog your artery even quicker.  Aside from bacon, onions, and peppers, they also include so much other ingredient.  Everything is tasty and delicious, but reminds me of LA/OC County extra fat food.  If you are down for a ultra supreme hot dog, you should definitely try this one.  Chinese Chicken Salad is my go-to.  For $6 the salad is pretty tiny, but I like the way they make it.  Just enough of fried noodles, chicken and dressing.  A pretty standard and simple salad.  Veggies are always fresh- no complaints.They are also available for catering and pick up.  Feel free to give them a call in advance and maybe they can make something fresh for you from the oven.  They are pretty friendly and willing to accommodate.  I believe it's $8 minimum for credit card.
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,6/7/2013,667,404,22,26,19>Meat? Good.Pie? Good.Meat...pie??? Oh my glob, somebody pinch me cuz I must be dreaming!Honestly this place is awesome. I definitely recommend coming with a big party like I did so you can have a taste of all their top menu items. My top recommendations: Lamb Pie - I get it, lamb's not for everyone. But if you're a lamb lover like me this pie is the bomb! I know a lot of yelpers say this isn't gamey..which is not entirely true. It still is gamey but significantly less gamey than your usual lamb dish. But seriously...this one's awesome. How would I describe this dish? Crispy toasty exterior with succulent meat/veggie filling that's bursting with flavor and tons of juice/soup that comes pouring out when you take a bite. Cabbage and Pork Pie - The next best thing to a lamb pie. Still good but it's no lamb pie.Beef Noodle Soup - Noodles are qq, beef is nearly tender, and broth was good.Pork Soup Dumpling - Good if you're craving it. Obviously don't expect DinTai Fung quality.Beef Roll - What you expect from a good beef roll.Sesame Paste Cake (sweet) - Not everyone at the table was a fan of this, but I really liked it. Cabbage with Pork Dumplings - Yum. Other alright items:Beijing Style Noodles (Jia Jiang Mien) - Good. QQ noodles. But it won't leave an impressionDan Dan Mien - See above.Chicken Broth Noodle Soup - Exactly what the title says. Chicken broth + Noodles. It's good and will leave you feeling healthy and clean, but folks you can make this at home with your own can of chicken soup and package of noodles. But then again..for $5 who's going to bother right?Summer Squash and Pork Pie - Alright, I confess.. my dinner mates and I thought by squash they meant kobocha so we had other expectations for this dish so that's our bad. But it's exactly what the dish name is--summer squash. It's what I would describe as decent, but certainly not what I'd bother ordering again. Gross:Corn Soup - Thank goodness this is complimentary. Please don't bother even taking a sip of it as it may deter your opinion of the restaurant. They really should stop offering this stuff even if it's at no cost to the customer. It's not your typical creamed corn/egg flower soup that you get at Chinese restaurants (which I actually enjoy). Instead, it's a watery yet highly corn-starched broth with corn grits floating about in it. In fact, I don't believe I even recall niblets of corn in there... So it's grit soup... X_X  Don't waste precious stomach space by ingesting this stuff.Last but not least, cash only folks! Plan accordingly!
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2013,6/6/2013,667,676,10,17,15>I would have never guess that a great coffee shop would be in this small plaza hidden between Asian stores and restaurants.  You would have never thought. Even passing by you would never notice it was coffee shop. My niece was the one who told me about it and requested to go after we hit up San Antonio winery. We came here on a nice Saturday afternoon. You come in and it's super cute not your average Starbucks. I was checking out the menu and could not decide what I really wanted. I guess I've been to Starbucks to many times.  So I asked the young lady which I should pick. There was 3 types of featured roasters. She showed me the iPad that told me what was what and I picked the Augie's coffee roaster.  She used a slow method of coffee roasting. I thought it was cool but yup it does take awhile. Takes time to make a great cup of Joe. My niece got cold drinks and it tasted yummie. I think next time I'll stick with cold drinks rather than hot. I like the coffee but let's stick with sweet stuff.  That day the gentleman that worked there said we could have a free cookie since we purchased coffee.  He offered us chocolate chip and cranberry cookie. Well yup I got the chocolate chip.  It was very soft and good. It did seem a little under baked but it wasn't. I will come back and try new coffee and also the brick toast. I was to full from lunch to even try any desserts.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,6/5/2013,153,21,9,83,75>Arguing which place has "the best" of anything in this town is a lower form of conversation than trying to justify the New York Yankees payroll, nobody wins. Usually wishing this place was open on stumbled strolls home from The Brickyard a couple doors down, I was adrenalized on my homies undisputed decision to come here one half-baked afternoon. Shortly after we moseyed in it's understood this spot had been here a while and could back it up. The classic 50's decor, the east coast demeanor and of course a bilboard on top off the place that looks as if the owner had a bright idea on a dismal afternoon to slang more cheesesteaks by advertising new films in the heart of Magnolia Boulevard.A few minutes of browsing the vintage menu and watching the cooks prepare jaw dropping culinary skills on a grill only divided by a few feet and a wall with a square cut out, we were stoked on our (usually indecisive) decision. We all ordered some variation of a cheesesteak, added some fries, grabbed our drinks and absorbed the dated yet stellar surroundings. After a few Insta pics and some prowling around, I found myself in a conversation with the person responsible for what appears to be one of the most predominant joints of the now downtown, North Hollywood. After the owner explained how he opened the doors in 1980 and shared some physical pictures of the felony reddened area a generation ago, we proudly grabbed our baskets of gold and found sitting in the surprisingly spacious dining area around the corner from the kitchen. These cheese-steaks reminded me of the brunette friend walking next to the blonde girl from a far, theory. At first you are attracted to the blonde with the flashier clothes and bubble-gum, but slowly the brunette turns out be the one worth taking home to the family on Turkey Day. The cheese-steaks didn't look like much, but the deeper we dug in, the better they tasted! Un-like some which are smothered in too much processed dairy and have an unnecessary amount of peppars, these hand-held meat sacks we're subtle yet very fulfilling. It took more than a few minutes, a couple large gulps of the Coca-Cola soda cups and a few deep breaths to wrap up the delicious meal. Sometimes it doesn't matter where your from, what the style is you claim to represent or if some schmuck from a trendy magazine says it's a good.  None of us had ever been to Philly, but on that day, my friends and I could agree ... we had one of the best SANDWICHES of our life's and this is me writing home about it.-CaptnLA
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,6/4/2013,62,196,15,17,15>i've got mixed feelings about this museum, i'm not a fan of the collections but the architecture and ancillary programming is terrific. if you're interested in asian art or revel in tranquil urban oases, you'll probably enjoy a visit here. the pacific asia museum occupies a building in pasadena that was constructed in 1924 with chinese aesthetic practices guiding the design and the unique architecture is a sight worth seeing. the building wraps around a central courtyard modeled on the imperial palace style of historic beijing and it's my favorite part about the museum, with bridges crossing over streams filled with coi and lush greenery all around.the pacific asia makes good use of the courtyard and it serves as the focal point to their "fusion friday" series, which presents a chance to spend an evening at the museum enjoying art, cocktails, interactive experiences, and live performances (including an array of musical presentations). fusions fridays happen once a month from may through august and i've enjoyed attending several of these happenings. the museum also hosts t'ai chi classes in the courtyard every saturday from eight to nine thirty a.m., beginners are always welcome and each session costs ten dollars. it's a lovely setting to practice the ancient art form or to just learn a little bit about the basics, if you're curious. as far as the galleries, the museum boasts a large collection of over fifteen thousand pieces and it's a mix of art and artifacts. shows are well curated and present a thoughtful context in which to view the collection- there are particularly good permanent exhibitions to engage children with hands-on interactive elements. overall, the pacific asia museum is a respectable institution with a wealth of programming and resources available to the public.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,6/3/2013,444,410,21,24,22>I'm not a vegan...heck I can't even spell veggie-terian.  Dare I say I just had a bone in ribeye the night before?  I like eating at Sage -organic vegan- Bistro because the food here is delicious.  I think the nutritional value you get from the meals you order here is far superior to a regular restaurant and the price is quite affordable for something that is organic and very good for you.  I can come here and order anything without guilt.After four visits (and counting!) my favorite items are the bowls. There is so much variety and flavors jampacked into a very satisfying and very filling serving.  My first pick so far is the falafel bowl.  It's a melody of flavorful ingredients that I can't get enough of. I can finish the whole thing but the portion is big enough to share.  They also have daily specials written on the big chalk board that freshens the menu with new and different choices.  On my last visit they had a carrot, apple soup with avocado that was tasty and had some heat - habanero essence and a twist of lemon juice and other spices that I couldn't discern but they made it such a better tasting soup. The place is on a corner but it's hard to notice because the little sign is hanging through the window.  At first glance you might mistake it for a coffee or ice cream shop.  They do serve ice "kreme" - vanilla corn was my pick and I liked it.
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,6/2/2013,1135,618,24,28,25>Nearly a year and a half ago, a disastrous LAMILL Caffe Latte served at this location rocked me to the core with such intensity, it would literally provoke wincing when passing by any coffeehouse/restaurant featuring these beans. Naturally, I would make it my crusade to inform others of this incident. Pigheaded, I was reluctant to give them another chance, in spite of LAMILL reaching out to me (of which I am grateful they consider customer feedback valuable).My boycott ended a little more than six months from the time the incident occurred, with all credit given to Frank at Cafe Dulce (Little Tokyo) for redeeming LAMILL and exposing the potential of these beans, rivaling the experience expected from Intelligentsia. Fresh off the heels of overcoming my stigma, I would solely patronize Cafe Dulce for their amazing Caffe Latte whenever in DTLA. For the record, Cafe Dulce has recently discontinued use of LAMILL in favor of Verve & Stumptown.Fast forward a year from the incident and I find myself struggling to locate parking on Occidental Blvd, a narrow side street behind LAMILL, due to limited availability in their lot and scarce street parking along Silver Lake Blvd. Alas, a spot opens!All intents were to take this for the road but the stomach overruled the brain and I ultimately feasted on breakfast here.Caffe Latte ($4.50): 3.5/5yelp.com/biz_photos/etpD…In all fairness, there was a visit a few weeks prior to this newly documented piece which yielded a latte weighing in at 4.5 stars. This visit yielded a bolder, non acidic, less sweet caffe latte but with more foam reminiscent of a cappuccino.Warm Brioche Donuts ($5.50 for 6): 5/5yelp.com/biz_photos/etpD…yelp.com/biz_photos/etpD…The early bird gets the...donut holes. Each order is freshly made and sadly when they're gone, you have to wait the following day. Since I only tried these with LAMILL's Housemade Madagascar Vanilla Cream, I cannot comment on how they taste with Raspberry Preserves. Me thinks the consensus believes the best way to enjoy them is to have them with vanilla cream because the waitstaff forgot to mention the options when at the time of order. This was edible bite-sized perfection! Each donut was lightly crisp and as advertised, warm in the center. Coupled by that sweet and silky vanilla cream...all I can say is LAMILL nailed this one. This is a guilty pleasure, especially when you eat these by yourself!Steak and Eggs ($16.00): 4.25/5yelp.com/biz_photos/etpD…yelp.com/biz_photos/etpD…yelp.com/biz_photos/etpD…Best served medium rare, LAMILL's preparation of this underbelly cut certainly did not disappoint, and quite frankly, can change the heart of a person not a fan of this cut. Each delicate slice proved to be robust in flavor, aptly seasoned, and most importantly...tender! However, there were a few downsides to this dish. At the price point, they certainly could have been a little more generous with their black beans and avocado condiments. And finally, this dish became a little less enjoyable as over easy eggs actually arrived over medium.All in all, LAMILL has officially (and finally) gained my approval, both for serving a quality espresso beverage and delectable victuals.Having an open mind does pay off. In all fairness, I guess I'm gonna have to revisit all 90+ one & two star businesses again...:P
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,6/1/2013,971,448,58,47,48>The sleeve tore off my pimp coat last week. I've been expecting something like this to happen for a while--it would've turned sixty in 2013, which is about three hundred forty five in pimp years--but that doesn't make it  any easier. Alas, it is mid-Autumn, the mercury has started to drop below seventy five, and I must purchase a new-old coat without a chance to mourn the old-new-old coat. My qualifications are simple: it must be faux-fur, preferably tiger-striped, rather long without being exceptionally long, and slightly inelegant . Like pornography, I will know it when I see it. Jet Rag, the first stop on the ONCH'12*, does not have such a coat. Sure, several styles fit one or more of my exacting specifications, several more are entirely perfect in their own right, and there are many I'd gladly hang in my closet, but none of them are THE old-new coat. Which is a shame, given their substantial variety and selection.So the next time I want an emerald green fur coat, or a paisley printed velvet monstrosity from the seventies, or what I am still convinced was a zebra-printed bath robe masquerading as a coat, or a pair of hand-tooled tiger-striped leather cowboy boots to match my eventual ONCH'12 pimp coat, or when I decide that I need a loud leopard-print trilby from the eighties to compete with my coat and boots, I know where to look. If nothing else, I have Jet Rag to thank for that. Three stars!*Old-New Coat Hunt 2012
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/31/2012,5/31/2013,718,358,15,17,18>With the new location and sparkling facility,  Dr Chung's office is getting as good as it gets! If you're pulling into the plaza (H-Mart), look to your right towards KFC and the Dentistry sign on the business building; office is located inside on the first floor. Everyone hates going to the dentist, but it's a must if you don't want your teeth to rot! All the staff here in Dr Chung's office is pleasant and Loretta (receptionist) couldn't be sweeter! And as for Dr. Chung himself, he is really super! I never felt rushed or in too much discomfort from any of my exams. Even with my root canal, it wasn't too bad and that's saying a lot!Dr. Chung's office is closed every Thursday and Sunday and they stay open late on Wednesday. Insurance (PPO) and cash is accepted. I've been a happy patient with Dr Chung's office for years, so I would definitely recommend his work!
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,5/30/2013,689,228,12,17,15>I love the setting of this restaurant. At first, the bar seating looked a bit intimidating. But as I sat down, I realized I had made a mistake not sitting there to watch the chef work his magic!yelp.com/user_local_phot…The service here was superb. They don't have a huge menu, which I LOVE! But being first timers, there were endless questions. What is the most popular dish? Which is your top choice? How spicy is spicy? What do you mean it's still happy hour?!?!?yelp.com/user_local_phot…We got there JUST in time before happy hour ended so we had to take advantage. The prices are about $1 off regular price, so we ordered clam chowder (yum), scallops, and the bacon wrapped shrimp.yelp.com/user_local_phot…And let me tell you about these babies, they are absolutely TO DIE FOR! I'm not the biggest fan of bacon nor cheese, but when you put them together with shrimp... you get a master symphony of incredible bursting inside your mouth. I would go back just for these suckers.I ordered the House Pan Roast, which is mixed seafood swimming in a tomato stew.yelp.com/user_local_phot…My friend ordered the Jambalaya, which I thought was quite delicious. He goes over the top with spice, so his level 6 spicy was bearable to me, which meant it did no damage to his taste buds. But luckily, the waitress came over with an extra side of spice to save the day.yelp.com/user_local_phot…
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/22/2013,5/29/2013,288,106,32,39,28>There's a saying that when something seems too good to be true, it probably is.  Well, that's not the case with Pingtung.  It's easy to assume a lot about this place....but let me set the record straight.  It's on Melrose, but the prices are fair.  So you assume, the food must suck.  NOPE!  They do a bunch of different types of Asian cuisine.  "Well, thats probably because they don't do any single one of them that great that it could stand on it's own," you protest.  NOPE!!"It's so tiny," you complain!  But they have a patio in the back!  Oh, you bet it's just as small?  NOPE!!!"Well, it's only been open a month.  I should wait for them to get into the swing of things," you say?  NOPE!!!!"But I bet parking sucks."  Okay, fine you got me there.  But it's not impossible.  You just may have to walk a few blocks (whaaaaaat?  Yeah, you'll live).  So this place looks pretty small from the outside, and it is.  But what you wouldn't know just walking by is they have a pretty large covered/heated patio outback (some communal and some regular tables). Sit inside if you want a nice, quiet and calm dinner or take it out back if you want to toss back some booze (beer, wine, sake and shochu) and can handle a little noise (but not too much).  Okay, now that you know where to sit, let's talk about the food.  I crave it.  I considered going there two nights in a row once.  I want to go right now just thinking about it.  Here's what I've tried....Sauteed Pea Shoots:  A pretty large serving, sauteed in garlic and perfect with a little steamed rice.Sauteed Green Beans:  Same as the pea shoots, nice and garlicky, big portion.  Vegetarian Flatbread Roll:  I dont know what they put in the thing but the flatbread is flaky and rich and the filling is a myriad of flavors and textures harmonizing all up in your mouth (also available with chicken, shrimp, beef and I've heard the sweet version is outstanding).  Tofu Skin Roll w/ Shrimp:  Similar to the flatbread, I have no idea whats going on here but I love it.  The tofu skin is perfectly chewy and the filling and sauce just dance all over your tongue.  Spicy Crystal Shrimp Dumpling:  I can't say that it's really spicy, but theres sriracha to help out with that.  I'm no dumpling expert, but I have no complaints.  The dough is light but fulfilling and the shrimp is meaty and satisfying. Wild Crab Dumpling:  Lots of crab, topped with some smelt eggs.  Perfect ratio of dough to filling.   Crispy Scallion Pancake:  One of the best I've had.  Its crispy yet fluffy and packed full of scallions.  Perfect with a beer.  Shanghai Style Pan Fried Pork Buns:  Just luscious.  Like a sweet, soft, pillow wrapped around tender shredded pork.  Need I say more?  Steamed BBQ Pork Bun:  See above but with sweet and succulent BBQ pork on the inside.  Spicy Bean Curd Home Style:  Okay, while all the above dishes are smaller portions, this could be a meal in and of itself.  Silky tofu in a spicy brown sauce served over rice WITH soup.  So simple but done really well.   The only things I've had here that I wasn't impressed with were the vegetarian bahn mi, the crispy shrimp balls and the three mushroom dumplings.  They weren't bad, just not nearly at the same level as the other dishes.  And as if thats not already a ton of food, theres lots more on the menu (and each time I've been, the menu was larger than the last).  I haven't even started to explore the ramen, noodle dishes or sushi!  But I cant wait to.....and you shouldn't either.  It may sound too good to be true, but it's not.  It's for real!
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,5/28/2013,884,408,17,22,26>Beautiful, pristine, and pretty much my backyard.I haven't gone all the way up to the summit yet, but biking up even to the foot of the mountain is a great workout. Definitely wear some gloves because I have a huge blister from peddling uphill and holding onto the handle bars way too tightly! There's a sweet creek right at the foot and offers a gorgeous view of civilization (the inland empire) south of it!
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,5/27/2013,802,369,24,26,31>"I'll have a pound of Swiss cheese and a pound of salami please...""Will that be all sir?"... Uhm, actually, I want a couple fruit tarts, cream puffs, and throw in a couple cannoli's in there as well.Typical Saturday afternoon, I decided to stop by and get a few lunch items from my favorite Deli this side of Eagle Rock and I end up with a bag full of goodies. I have always liked this shop as busy as they get on the weekends, the selection of antipasti cheeses and cured meats are really worth the stop! Not to mention their mouth watering selection of desserts, pastries and an assortment of authentic italian pastas, olive oils and sardines!This corner mom & pop store never fails to deliver every time I'm craving for a good serving of Italian specialties, the artichoke hearts, Olives, the selection of antipasti's and their sliced to order salami's are TDF! (To die for!) and the desserts...they are not just a treat for the eyes, they are truly an edible art with taste that truly match!I highly recommend stopping by and grabbing a few treats from Eagle Rock Italian deli if you happen to be in town, located conveniently along Colorado Blvd, they have an amazing selection of items, delicious treats and the best part is, it won't even break the bank.Enjoy!
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2013,5/26/2013,1661,660,55,42,31>Sometimes I just think to myself, "Damn, I wish I could be butt ass naked in front of a bunch of Korean men right now." Who doesn't? Lucky for us when that mood strikes, Wi Spa is there.Ok, it's not about the nudity, it's about the baths. Hot, warm, and cold baths. Steam rooms. Relaxation and sleep rooms. Different types of saunas. I'm so spaced out in relax mode trying to steam out some stress I forget that I'm even naked. But yea, if you have the mind set of a middle schooler and can't stand the fact you may be accidentally seeing some dick, you shouldn't roll through here. Same for you girlie girls that act like you've never seen breasts before, there is gonna be all kinds of women in their birthday suits on your side of the baths. Be warned.I'm an adult, I don't give a shit what other people are up to, so I take full advantage of this place. I'm spaced out, in my own Zen zone. Letting go of any mental burdens. It's very cheap, it's clean, and it's open 24 hours. It's not fancy in any way, shape, or form, so don't expect something posh. We're talking around $20 here. If I want to step up my bath game I'll go to Voda which is $50 but a much nicer facility (with a full bar, I might add). Wi Spa fits that quick fix when you just need to unwind for a bit.I haven't tried actual spa services here, so don't quote me on any of that. I'm also not a huge fan of the clothing they make you wear in the co-ed area, I wish I could bring my own swimsuit and shirt and not use the Wi Spa issued shorts/shirt. Lastly I'm not into the crotchety old Korean men that are judging my tattoos with their eyes, not cool you guys. But these are minor complaints, as a whole I get more than my money's worth when it comes to chill time at Wi Spa. Good shit.PS- Busy as fuck on a Saturday/Sunday during the day, so don't be shocked if the co-ed saunas are full to the max.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2012,5/25/2013,1522,1094,39,40,39>I see a lot of 5 star ratings from fellow Yelpers who appreciate the effort, ingredients, quality, cleanliness, environmental efforts and unique style of the Ice Cream & the Sorbet. I am no different, with one exception, I completely disliked the Lavender, but to be fair, this is an individual palette discretion, the quality of the lavender is there, so I will be fair.I saw no bathrooms (McDonalds across the street), I saw no parking lot, I saw no seating but I did not care. 5 stars for the impression this shop left on me.Orange Vanilla Bean Sorbet - Imagine an old school 50/50 creamscicle but gourmet, unique and inspired by the fresh vibrations of oranges from your garden. A formula calculated to surprise you with refined taste, nostalgia and flavor that lures you back. Smooth, no aftertaste, consistency during and after the lick or bite of each spoonful.Dark Chocolate Cacao Nib - Very smooth and rich dark chocolate with tender portions of crunch that surprise you and keep you coming back.My friends had a Caramel and Lavender Honey scoop. I myself loved the taste of the caramel, as well as the aftertaste. I did not like the Lavender at all but I think many will, just not for me.Of course I will be back, I need to try more flavors to see if the 5 stars rating will remain.Song parody of Silk's 1993 songyoutube.com/watch?v=XLwW…Sorbet, Ice cream (Ah, yeah)Sorbet, Ice cream (Mmm, both, like that)Sorbet, Ice cream (Ah, yeah)Sorbet, Ice creamLet me lick your sorbet now, till you close shopLet me taste your Vanilla Orange, flavor is hotLet me eat your Dark Chocolate ice cream tooCause tonight, Carmela, I want to eat sweetness from youCarmela, don't you understandI love your style of ArtisanGarden inspired smooth ice creamAnd Sorbet never felt so clean (you know what I mean)Creamy smooth is pure goldYou make me want to get coldI wanna lick you up and down (Baby, yeah, bay, yeah)And then, I wanna go another roundLet me lick your sorbet now, till you close shopLet me taste your Vanilla Orange, flavor is hotLet me eat your Dark Chocolate ice cream tooCause tonight, Carmela, I want to eat sweetness from youI love the taste of ice cream (Hey)Spread it real deep for me (spread you ice cream)You know I can't resist your swirlPasadena and around the worldI wanna see your sorbet dripCome on let me take a sip (Come on, come on, come on, come on)Your flavor style, I cherish most (come on, come on, come on, come on, baby)So you have every right to brag and boastLet me lick your sorbet now, till you close shopLet me taste your Vanilla Orange, flavor is hotLet me eat your Dark Chocolate ice cream tooCause tonight, Carmela, I want to eat sweetness from youYou, you, you, you (Oh, you)You, you, you, you (Let me eat you)You, you, you, you (All of you)Yeah, come on, come onYou, you, you, you (Oh...you)You, you, you, you (Let me eat you)Cause tonight, Carmela, I want to eat sweetness from youLet me lick your sorbet now, till you close shopLet me taste your Vanilla Orange, flavor is hotLet me eat your Dark Chocolate ice cream tooCause tonight, Carmela, I want to eat sweetness from you
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2013,5/24/2013,96,64,28,21,12>So my GF and I are relaxing on the couch when right out of nowhere she blurts out "Let's go to this Vegan place I just found on HappyCow!!!".  Startled by her unbridled zeal, the remote shoots out of my hand and I fumble for the recovery.  Then faster than hummus through a goose, she loads up the restaurant's menu and hands me her iPad.Sensing more than a little coercion in the air, I reluctantly scan the menu and notice quite a few dishes made from kale, quinoa, etc, as well as some other healthy sounding stuff I've never even heard of.  I also notice the word "raw" by many of them.  Hmm, what's up with this "raw" stuff? Trying to muster as much faux enthusiasm as possible I reply, "Yeah, we could do that baby...", while straining my brain to quickly come up with some valid excuse that might change her mind but not her mood (I was promised sex earlier).You see, I had skipped breakfast that morning, opting instead for a meager glass of carrot juice and a handful of raw nuts.  This was done in anticipation of martinis at PF Chang's or margies at Sabor that evening, ideally accompanied by a depraved dish or two of seared animal flesh. Yum.But based on the long silence that followed my (admittedly flaccid) reply, I sensed my plans for the evening were changing.  And since we tend to almost always go to my favorite spots, I knew I really owed her big time and thus folded without debate. SunCafe, here we come.As it was blizzard conditions outside (that's anything under 70 degrees in SoCal) on the way out I grabbed my favorite suede leather jacket (picked up at Banana Republic for half price, I'm proud to say).  As I admired my hipness in the hall mirror, the GF goes all monotone: "You're not wearing that are you?  It's a Vegan place, remember?".  While that seemed a bit of a non sequitur to me personally,  I learned that Vegans are a sensitive bunch and have even been known to toss ink balls at fools wearing animal skins in public (regardless of how good a deal had been scored).  I start to wonder WTF I am getting myself into here; Were we going to go plant a tree then march in an OWS rally after dinner?  I zipped up my jacket defiantly.Of course, when we pull up to the restaurant I pussy out and leave the jacket in the car.  There is only street parking here and as I fill the meter I notice that it maxes out at one hour.  Hmm, at least it will be a short meal.The place doesn't look like much from the outside, but as you walk in you're greeted by a warm cozy room and a friendly, casual vibe.  We were seated quickly and after spending a few moments getting intimate with the menu, I opt to play it safe and order the Supreme Pizza (but decide to go balls deep and order it raw - what the hell).  My GF orders the mushroom soup and salad, and we decide to share an order of the Sun Bruschetta and the Veggie Hand Rolls.I'll admit I was more than a little skeptical when the food arrived; In my experience "healthy" tends to correlate with "bland" and "boring".  But after biting into each dish, my incredulity (nice word, huh - I thought so) evaporated pretty rapidly.  This stuff was actually very well prepared and surprisingly flavorful. So much so that my tastebuds had gone all multi-orgasmic and I had no problem scarfing down every last crumb, even helping my GF out with some of hers. Hmm, perhaps these puppy-hugging Vegans are onto something.I should mention that the staff here are very friendly and helpful, and stopped by the table to check on us more than once after the food arrived. They make you feel very much at home and there were always enough smiles to go around.  If you're having a bad day and need an extra hug, I suspect they'd indulge you.After the entrees we were offered the dessert menu (my favorite document in the whole world) and opted for the Key Lime Pie and the Almond Butter "Cheesecake".  Both were pretty damn amazing, especially considering they were made without any dairy.  How they pull this off is a mystery to me - The chefs here must use some sort of Wiccan alchemy to conjure up such dishes.  The earth goddess obviously smiles upon them.  But whatever magic was used, I left happy that they let me into their secret circle. Very well done, SunCafe.  Very well done, indeed.  We'll definitely be back, no coercion required (I'm looking forward to trying out that Shepard's Pie next time).Final score: GF: 1  Me: Zip.  Next weekend we're hitting Mastro's.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,5/23/2013,2858,814,12,24,19>Lately, my other go-to pho place has been failing me--so much that I thought it was time to check out greener pastures.  Timing was great too cause I was sick and pho seemed to be a great option for that evening. The place is super clean, spacious, and upkept very well  Unfortunately, it's in a parking lot that hardly gets any visitors due to its obscure location.  Anyway, I ordered pho with chicken (white meat), chicken fried rice and a vermicelli bowl with grilled pork/ eggroll and the charbroiled sausage thing. Oh and we also got spring rolls, and let's not forget vietnamese iced coffee..The iced coffee? Wow bomb.com. It was a good amount of potent, tempered by some of that condensed milk. Too bad 3/4 of my cup was all ice. Down to the nitty gritty.. the spring roll could have used more meat. Our was filled wtih too large a helping of noodles.  The peanut sauce was great with it otherwise. The chicken fried rice was eaten up, all of it. I didn't get to partake but I'm going to go with the empty plate and assume it was great.  I wasn't a fan of the eggroll, BUT the pork and sausage were flavorful and tender. Now the chicken soup. WOW. I'm no ashamed to say I came back for more the next day. The broth was clean, no floaty funny things. Went well with the lemon, and jalapeno. No need for any other seasongs. Deeeeeeeelish. Overall great experience. Next time I'll skip the appetizers and go straight for the chicken soup and iced coffee (with hopefully less ice next time).
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/22/2013,1030,557,16,22,15>Tasty little place! It has a very "date night" vibe, which is a little weird if you are not going with somebody you're dating (in my case, I've been with dude friends. Bro-friends, if you will.)+ Fried chicken that can only be described as succulent+ Good burger, reminiscent of the Father's Office burger+ Pretty good fries+ Amazeballs brussel sprouts+ Awesome mixed drinks+ Ridiculously good bread pudding- Definitely on the pricier side (usually ends up being around $50 a person if you get food and drinks)- Holy crap this place is weird to be at late at night if you are not on a date
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,5/21/2013,753,422,13,19,17>This is one of my new favorite restaurants! I just had to put that at the beginning because a lot of the LA "foodies" will skip over restaurants that aren't centrally located in Beverly Hills or W. Hollywood. Wake up people! It's time you ventured away from your usual spots and give something else a shot.This little cafe is hidden inside of a gym in the small foothill town of Arcadia. When you enter the gym you're asked to sign in and head up stairs. Cafe Maji is tucked in the corner of a larger ballet or dance room of some kind. Despite it's location, the cafe is filled with Asian inspired pop culture stuff (Manga comics, vinyl toys, etc.). They even drew cartoon houses on the windows that line up perfectly with the bare, undeveloped foothills in the distance.The menu is pretty simple here. You have your pick of coffee drinks, dessert waffles, pastries, and some sandwiches. Even though this was my lunch break I went with one of their amazingly sugary dessert waffles. I got the caramel and banana waffle (with whipped cream and almonds). When i saw this baby come out of the kitchen I couldn't believe how beautiful it looked. There's something about a dish of food having a great presentation that can't do anything but make you smile. I didn't want to eat it because of how nice it looked! Seriously, just look at this place's photos!A lot of restaurants that serve waffles just have it bare with syrup and butter on the side. You might get a whipped cream tower, but that's about it. The girls at Cafe Maji know how to make it right!Even though the waffles were among the best I've had, the thing that drew me in was their coffee. While aimlessly browsing Yelp trying to find my next lunch spot I came across Cafe Maji. Each drink that is served here comes with a mini cream-filled pound cake on the side! It's a small puff ball complete with its own little spoon to hold it. I'm always on the lookout for the best local cafe, and this one even blows most LA cafes out of the water!And by the way, this place is pure Instagram gold!
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,5/20/2013,488,381,23,25,18>Son of a Gun - love the name. I don't understand it, but after looking around at the decor, I'm thinking it's all about being a pirate and lovin fried seafood. Who's the Son of a Gun...well the Chef is, now gimme your bounty and I will share you my yummys.It's tapas style, think small plates. Now look at the menu and know that a hungry man will down about 2 to 3 of those plates on his own. You can't fault the business model though. Make it fancy, serve em small and price em high. There is a certain pro way to go about eating here which balances satisfaction and wallet. After finishing a meal, I can honestly say that I dig this place. It wasn't as pricey as it had seemed.-=-Foods that make a pirate go ARRRR!-=-shrimp toast sandwich ($11) - easily the best item I tasted off the menu. Great buttery shrimp crunch in every bite. if you must share, order these in 1per2ppl, but get your own if you are baller like that.lobster roll ($7) - just do it, everyone else is. The bread is super soft, lightly buttered, and the lobster salad on top is light going down but rich in flavor. When these come out, they are cute cuddly and pint size. I'd say get your own.-=-Foods that make a pirate go ARRRR-GH, MY WALLET-=-fried brussel sprouts ($13) - wasn't digging this at all. The poached egg would be the highlight of this dish in my eyes, but that's not how it's supposed to be. The sprouts needed to do something in this dish, but they were lazy.-=-Foods that make a pirate's belly feel full-=-fried chicken sandwich ($11) - not the greatest chicken sandwich of all time, but if you want the satisfaction of getting full, this is a must. When most of the dishes are pint-sized, this comes out like a big daddy.chips & dip - I could have done without these, but the chips were pretty crunchy-not-too-oily good. I would prefer these over the fries though, if you are looking for a tummy filler.french fries - I'd say pass on these. So generic, so whatever. But fries are fries and if you are like me, you gotta get some.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,5/19/2013,1472,495,18,18,16>It's a well known fact amongst my friends that, if I could afford it, I'd eat sushi everyday for the rest of my life.  I have attempted to dine at every possible sushi bar I could walk my fat ass into in the past few decades...so imagine my surprise when I discover that hidden on the third floor of Weller Court was tiny Mako Sushi.  And Mako Sushi pretty much blew me away.Forget the fact that ths sushi is great.  It's fresh, it's traditional, it's resonably priced (for the quality...don't get it twisted, it'll still cost you).  What is amazing about this place is the SUPERLATIVE (that's right motherfuckers, I used a 25cent word) service.  Seriously.  The waitresses are in beautiful kimonos and are amazingly friendly and attentive.  The sushi chefs are friendly and quick.  I was really impressed.  Now lately, I've been on a tighter budget, but best believe as soon as I save up a few bucks, I'll be heading back to Mako.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2013,5/18/2013,1443,479,22,19,17>Young Dong!? I wonder how many creepy perverts have wandered over to this joint based on the name with the misconception of what they would find. Wasn't sure what to order here, but the owner's son was a table away and was kind enough to point us in the right direction. So great! I had the number 3 which he said was the most popular. It's the beef with fat. Fat makes everything taste better. Being the broth is pretty straight forward you'll want the fat to add a little flavor. You dress it up yourself so don't be shy on adding salt, pepper, green onions, kimchee, rice, etc. Whatever floats your boat. Otherwise, it'll taste bland. They also have kimchee water, but I thought that'd just water it down. The noodles inside are thin and holds it's firmness. They provide a jalapeno dipping sauce for the meat. I'd come back on a cool, windy day or if I was feeling under the weather. Very comforting like my great grandma used to make. Great grandma approved!Parking: private lot in back I believe. Or you can park down a side residential street across Wilshire.
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,5/17/2013,456,372,48,44,45>The EPIC called Sweet!...told in a three-song medley!Song 1:  The Game (1980)  This place...called Sweet!...in Downtown Hollywood!This place....called Sweet!...for candyholics, this place is good!You're gonna like it!  Crazy little store called Sweet!This place . . .called Sweet! . . .has live on-site candy making!This place . . .called Sweet! . . .is huge, and that's no mistaking!You're gonna like it!  Crazy little store called Sweet!Me and my baby, we went to this candy store!Parked at Highland Garage . . . and went up the escalatorTo this cool cool candy place . . .  I gotta be cool, budget, relax, just buy a bitWalk around and browse firstThen buy the thing that quenches my sweet tooth thirst!I really liked it!  Crazy little store called Sweet!Crazy little store called Sweet!Crazy little store called Sweet!Song 2: A Day at the Races (1976)Can everybody find him some candy to love?Each boutique is different within this Sweet! shopFor each individual tasteYou can linger at the boutiques that you like the mostAt the others time you won't have to wasteIf you indulge just too much, and eat all their off'ringsYou'll need cavity-prevention toothpaste!Some candySome candyCan everybody find her some candy to love?There's a make-your-own chocolate bar lab in this storeGet two bars to your own designAt the Yucky! boutique you can make a "sugar tube"Toilets and urinals flush flavored crystalline fineThere are M&M and Jelly Belly dispensersDifferent flavors you can intertwineSome candySome candyCan everybody find them some candy to love?Song 3: Jazz (1979)Ooo...We're gonna take some home tonightOoo...We're gonna savor every biteOh! My mouth they did astound!Wonka truffles made our candy world go round!All the boutiques in this here storeEach one I did exploreBut WONKA was the place my brain kept callin'!Bought four truffles for twelve dollahs...After each taste wanted to hollah"These chocolates were so good I must be ballin'!"Strawberry banana smoothie firstHad duo fruit and chocolate burstPotato crisp caramel was an awesome confusion'Berry Slushie so good did crySo did the Snozzberry Creamy PieCool designs on top complemented this Wonka illusion!Ooo...We're gonna take some home tonightOoo...We're gonna savor every biteOh! My mouth they did astound!Wonka truffles made our candy world go round!
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2013,5/16/2013,1240,797,66,79,78>(^_^) ------ Mochi Heaven ------ (^_^)Who doesn't like Mochi or Gelato? This place has both! Located in the Little Tokyo Village Plaza. Definitely a spot to stop by after a meal. It was my first time and definitely not my last time. Here are the two items I ordered:Green Tea Mochilato - This is a popular item according to the staff. I can definitely taste the green tea and great texture of the Mochi. Pistachio Gelato - Good chunk of pistachio but not creamy enough, and a bit icy. Mochi is what you should get here, as ice cream is clearly not their specialty. Staff is helpful, good value for what you get. There are plenty of tables inside.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2012,5/15/2013,480,152,19,22,19>I come to Darabar for:1.) Hoy tawt (crispy mussel and beansprout omelette),2.) steamed fish fillet and vegetables with house special sauce,3.) Drunken Spaghetti, and4.) Bua Loy (rice flour balls in sweetened coconut milk).The service for dine-in has been consistently great. As for the delivery service, I have been disappointed several times. It was not because the food wasn't great, but it was because I couldn't order at all. There was this whole 2-week period that the phone was not in service. It left me wondering if the restaurant had been shut down. My co-workers and I like to order food from Darabar, but we usually get a strange answer from the restaurant. For example, we were told that the kitchen wasn't opened for lunch because the cook/owner had a hangover. We first thought the person on the phone was joking, but she was dead serious! Ever since Darabar obtained a full liquor license, the cook/owner seems to be enjoying herself quite often. ^_^The restaurant is now very popular with the younger crowds who want to party with friends late at night. I prefer eating here during lunch or dinner time because I think the restaurant is too small to be a "party" spot.The parking lot is horrible, but at least it's free parking!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2012,5/14/2013,555,380,14,38,23>Taza in Arcadia is a must visit for coffee connoisseurs and fans. From my assessment, it is the most complete coffee shop in the area.First, Taza allows customers to select their preferred beans in a hand-crafted brew. During my visit, the lineup consisted of beans from respectable LA roasters including:(1) Intelligentsia(2) Handsome(3) Trystero(4) Stumptown(5) Temple(6) Verve(7) Suits & KnivesTaza sources its beans from the most popular local and international roasters. Their lineup is different every time I visit.Second, Taza offers a variety of brewing methods at "market price" including: (1) Clever(2) Clover(3) Aeropress(4) Eva solo(5) Chemex(6) Hario V60(7) Royal Belgium balance siphonTaza outperforms competitive third-wave coffee shops by offering nearly every single method available to prepare a cup of brewed coffee! An aeropress, eva solo, chemex, clever, or V60 can easily be purchased for home-brewing, but a clover machine and siphon might not be found in many kitchens. For this reason, I invite you to come experience the most unique brew method offered at Taza, #7 "belgium balance siphon". Mechanically, the device performs a siphon function similar to those of traditional vertical siphons, but with a more compact and elegant apparatus. The only remarkable difference between the two is that the belgium balance siphon assembly contains two components connected side by side. In addition, there is a unique dispenser to pour out the coffee once the process is complete. The product is an extremely smooth and clean cup of coffee with minimal sediments. To me, one of the most exciting events was watching the balance lever drop as the coffee grounds bloomed, triggering the lid of the water pot to close. The presentation is much more tantalizing in person.If you are interested in an excellent cup of brewed coffee or would like to experience science interacting with coffee, do not hesitate to order the belgium balance siphon. The downside is that siphoned coffee costs a shiny coin. Each order (2 cups, equivalent to ~16 to 20 ounces) can only be exchanged for $8.50.In addition to brewed coffee, traditional espresso is found on the menu. Espresso, lattes, espresso macchiato, americano, and affogato are a few items available on the La Marzocco GB/5. All beverages are served in the traditional manner. In other words, an espresso macchiato is a 4oz beverage, not the 24 or 32oz latte macchiatos found at Starbucks.High quality coffee, knowledgeable baristas, comfortable environment. What else can you ask for in a local coffee shop? Stop by Taza is you are in the area!
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,5/13/2013,979,330,30,30,25>THE ANSWERS ARE YES, YES, AND YES. Oh damnit. Let me put the horse before the carriage here...There is a place that makes ALCOHOLIC BOBA?YESThere is a HANDSOME YOUNG MAN that owns this establishment?YESThis is a SPEAKEASY?YES--well sorta. In a drunken stupor during a night in K-Town, I was browsing Instagram (@thomasohhh) and realized my friend Caitlin K tagged me in one of her posts boasting of magical boba made with HEINEKEN (1 whole bottle FTW) and Nutella Milk. I immediately responded with a swath of comments (as per the usual in my condition-misspellings and autocorrect fails included) waiting it. longing for it. loving it. The next day (despite having 33 shots of soju among mugs of hite beer) I woke up hangover free and was ready to start my day...at 1 pm. Hah so I traveled to downtown to do some exploring. Free street parking yo! I remembered that this place (@labobatory) was in downtown! I sure hoped it was open. And lo and behold, I find myself walking up to a sign that points me in the direction of Boba 7, at the back of another darkish bar on 7th street. Oooh. Speakeasy was a little too easy to find, but I understand completely...THIS PLACE NEEDS SOME MAJOR SHOUT OUTS! I meet the owner, Elton, and strike up a convo about boba and the like. He is such a cool guy to chat with, so I recommend you do if you feel so inclined to make a new friend (who happens to be a purveyor of wonderful amazeballs boba) As much as I wanted to try the Green Heineken boba I felt like I had my share of alcohol for the weekend, so I went to my second choice..HORCHATA! Boy, I loves me some cinnamon, so this was quite amazing for me. Elton told me that he makes his horchata formula from scratch (he is the @labobatory after all! -- such a cute name Beeteedubs) and doesnt use milk! Amazing!! It's so creamy AND I can enjoy it without worrying about having a loo nearby. He made a small batch of boba, but they were equally as yummy and perfectly chewy. He gives just the right amount too...sometimes I find myself overbobaed and have a bunch at the bottom after I finish my liquid. He offered to top me off before I left, but I kindly declined. Thanks man! I'm so happy to have discovered such a great business owner in LA. And it's no wonder he's so awesome...He's friends with Bronson Chang (of Uncle Clay's House of Pure Aloha [HOPA] in Honolulu)!! I can't wait to go back..I am definitely trying the drunken boba drinks. PS Don't forget to tag him via facebook/twitter/ig for a free size upgrade!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,5/12/2013,711,181,23,29,28>This is by far my dog's FAVORITE trail.so... I am writing this review for my dog:) who is a Siberian husky and can't stand the heat. If you are looking for a professional report, not look here, I was there 3 times last weekend and I only made about 2 miles far from the parking lot (approx 4 miles total)I would say this place is cool, with nice view and it dose has some steep hills but kind easy. I usually go in the late afternoon, around 3pm so the trail is never over crowded. I guess all professional hikers go in the morning for some reason?I did took my senior friend there who, under my encouragement made it which wasn't seen possible at the beginning. As my trainer said, it is all in your head.My last time there the trail was icy, so I fell hard on the icy ground and couldn't get up without help. sucks. I thought my balance is outstanding. When cold enough..you see tons of snow aside the trail. Approx just 5 mins walk from the parking lot you can have tons of fresh snow for kids to play. I don't get why so many people go further to the bottom of ski lift and play with the snow aside the road...snow there are dirty. bty, I tasted the snow, it did tasted a little weird. My dog drank from the small river and he was fine. So please feel free to drink from the river:)
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2013,5/11/2013,507,712,22,27,26>When something as "simple" as a delectable Cocohodo walnut pastry manages to be the most cute and ingenious thing you have seen in a while you just have to hand it to them. No, even better, hand it to me - hand me a box of those delightful walnut pastries they sell!Unless you shop at the Zion Market (which is in a nice modern multi-level shopping center) you may never see this true hidden gem! One day I came here with BBQ Mike and Brian N. We had the toughest time finding this little shop since we really didn't consult Yelp until we were about to give up. Proof Yelp makes our lives so much easier! Just walk in to the Zion Market and go to your left. The shop is close to the back left hand corner of the market.The walnut pastries are in the shape and size of your average walnut. The flavor, value and packaging are far above average though. For only $3 you can get 9 pastries in a cute bag or box. What could be better than gifting such a tasty and nicely presented pastry?The pastries are warm when you get them! How many places can boast handing you warm baked goods at the point of purchase? They are spongy on the outside, filled with bean paste and a half walnut in the very center. They are perfectly bite sized treats! Plus, they are individually wrapped! You can tell that there is a lot of pride in what they do involved at Cocohodo!The lady at the counter is very nice and helpful. The second time I came with the world famous Armando N. and we encountered some enthusiastic customers which offered us some small tips on having the complete Cocohodo experience. It was obvious they enjoy the product so much they wanted us to enjoy it as much too! I love it when good places have got such a great vibe as well!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/14/2013,5/10/2013,3365,753,32,29,26>When it comes to ridiculous Italian cuisine...Silverton and Batali are some badass motherfu*kers.Had an amazing anniversary dinner at Mozza with my better half last year to celebrate 8 years of absurdity( aka marriage).  Absurd in the sense that anyone insane enough to deal with me for 8 years deserves a gawdamn award.My ONLY gripe....we showed up early to our 8:30pm reservation and were seated closer to 9:30pm....yes, they were busy, yes, they were apologetic, yes they were smart to give us 2 glasses of some great champagne on the house to ease the pain meanwhile...Soon enough I forgot I was mad because free alcohol heals all wounds.Started with a simply "wow" burricota with raddichio, spiced walnuts, honey and fried rosemary.  Cheese done right.  If cheeseboner were a word...I'm sure I had one.  My oro di Milano beer complimented this quite well.CRISPY PIG TROTTERyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…The fanciest pig feet concoction I have ever had in my life...delicious? yes.  Amazing porky goodness....in hockey puck form.GOAT CHEESE RAVIOLIyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…At $20, you're basically paying 5 bucks PER ravioli.....I really wanted to hate this dish for the price alone....but I'll be gawdamned if they weren't pretty damn amazing as well.BRASATO BAROLO (BRAISED BEEF SHORT RIB)yelp.com/biz_photos/oste…Melt in your mouth tender short rib perfectly seasoned with porcini mushroom flavors...the wife picked a good dish....but not nearly as good as mine....PAN ROASTED PORK LOINyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…A beast of a pork loin chop, cooked absolutely perfect, served with a fagioli alla Castelluciana....translation....absurd pork deliciousness.APPLE BORSELLINOyelp.com/biz_photos/oste…Warm, flaky, sweet apple pastriness, this made the wife quite happy....which in turn made me...the most awesome husband in the world....at least for the following week after this meal anyways...
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2013,5/9/2013,2495,2210,15,23,24>I live within walking distance of the Griffith Observatory, and over the last couple years, I've been up there a handful of times.  Of those times, I've only gone inside once, so this review is more about the views and the grounds than it is about the space stuff.L.A. is not a great city for casual tourists.  There are few famous attractions, and the ones that exist are generally avoided by the native population.  I mean guys, is there anything less glamorous than Hollywood Boulevard?  Griffith Observatory, though, is a wonderful place for Angelenos and visitors alike.  It's gorgeous, it offers panoramic views of the city, and it's almost entirely free.Parking is somewhat difficult, but never impossible, and while you'll never have Griffith Observatory all to yourself, it also doesn't get unbearably crowded.  There's a lot of space, and a huge, lovely lawn that is perfect for a weekend picnic.  Matt B. and I brought June K. and our dog Duke for a Sunday picnic one three-day weekend, and it was a beautiful, cheap way to spend an afternoon.  The views from the Observatory grounds are truly spectacular.  On a clear day, you can see all of downtown, Century City, the Hollywood sign, the ocean, even Catalina.  The Observatory building is set up with viewing platforms all around, on a few different levels.  I'm guessing more people come  to Griffith for these views than for the science stuff inside.Although the science stuff is cool!  Matt B. and I took a full tour of the inside on a weekend night, and there were a lot of people reading up on the marvels of outer space.  There's a giant Foucault pendulum in the lobby, and several rooms offering interesting displays that make you feel like the insignificant life speck you are.  I still haven't been to the planetarium, but I'd like to go one day.  That costs money, but not that much.The building is worth visiting on its own.  The Observatory is one of the most architecturally interesting structures in the city, with its iconic gray domes and white palatial walls.  It lights up at night, and it looks like a place of magic and wonder, perched on a hill like a bright eye watching over Los Angeles.Matt almost proposed to me at Griffith, and only decided against it because of the crowds.  We did, after some serious consideration, end up taking our engagement photos here.  We went on a Monday, when the Observatory was closed, hoping that the crowds might be thinner.  We were wrong - it was a nice day, and the crowds turned out to enjoy the views and the weather.  Even so, we were able to get some great pictures with various parts of the Observatory and the surrounding city in all the shots.  Since we're getting married in Santa Barbara (where he's from), we wanted to make sure to take our engagement photos somewhere beautiful in the heart of L.A.  Griffith Observatory was the first place that came to mind.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,5/8/2013,205,110,11,18,13>This is a great dive bar, above and beyond a regular dive bar for several reasons.1. Live Music2. Large Selection of Beers on tap3. Free Peanuts4. ShuffleBoard Games(Upstairs)5. It has an upstairs6. Fairly Large, bring a big group of friends7. It sits directly next to a comedy club.8. All of the AboveNeed I say more, well the only downfalls of this bar are:1. No Liquor2. The crowd can be dead & is usually older. 30's & up.Hope I got my points across, definitely a place for bringing a group of your friends especially if you've got reservations for the comedy club.
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/14/2013,5/7/2013,1813,600,17,21,17>First off, in light of full disclosure, I love shellfish. All shellfish. One fish, two fish, old fish, new fish. Unless its been sitting unrefrigerated in a bucket for a week out on the Santa Monica pier and garnished in an Exxon oil spill, I'll happily slurp down just about any picnic of crustaceans put on a plate in front of me. And as such, I'm not particularly discriminating about it. Cousin's has been on my radar for quite some time as a food truck, but there was always a little voice in my head wondering how good lobster on a truck in Cali could actually be. Having it so near home as a brick and mortar location, made it impossible not to find out. It's cleverly located sharing space in a bar in Old Town Pasadena, instead of branching out on their own. Can't recall the name of the club, it's one of a number of indistinct, cheesy, completely unhip nightclubs along Colorado Boulevard. Don't be put off, that's a requirement for a Pasadena hotspot and you're here for the food anyways. The restaurant is open for lunch, long before the nightclub and during the light of day it's an odd fit. The decor is modern and shiny and white, nothing that says New England seafood in any way, but there's fairly comfortable seating, multiple tv's and a full bar. I was wary of a few things from reviews including small orders and high prices, so some clarifications are in order. First off, lobster is expensive people. If your expecting a full tail for half the market price you're sadly misinformed. Maine lobster isn't local, it has to be brought in, so your quantity to cost ratio isn't going to be anything like it would be on the Eastern seaboard. Expectations in check.Lobster Bisque was our starter. A bowl here is decent sized and generously full of actual honest to goodness lobster. The bisque itself was a little flat flavor wise, somewhat forgettable though not bad, but the lobster was divine. You can get a decent bowl of soup many places for $6-7, but not with lobster. It's a moderate $10 here.Connecticut Lobster Roll. The reason for the visit. It's a lovely delicate little bundle of joy. Yes, I know nor'eastern transplants are going to cry foul that it's nothing like the huge, juicy fresh original versions and I've no doubt that's true, but then again I can't hop on a plane to get the real thing as Mr. Jobs somehow forgot to leave me any inheritance. What it is, is a generously filled handful of sweet lobster goodness. It's neither as small as described nor as big as I would wish. Of course its not fob. It is what it is. I could happily eat four of them. Someday I just may. This time, even split in half I got a good, filling taste of Maine lobster. $13Lobster Tacos. Afraid we weren't going to be full, we ordered these. Filled with big chunks of lobster, they are quite excellent. Similar to many Southland fish tacos, think Señor Fish, but with the house special. These are good value, though taco truck aficionados will flinch a bit. $11 for 3Parmesan Thyme Fries rounded out the meal. Loved these, perfectly cooked fries. It's a great complement to the other dishes, and it's filling. $5A special shout out to our server Chris, he was great. Friendly, helpful, kept my drink full. Kept my drink full. Kept my drink full. I love that.It's a good five stars for me, but I'm trying to be more discriminating with my mollusks. Overall Cousin's made me happy. I'll be here as often as my wallet will allow. Best Plates: Connecticut Lobster Roll, Lobster Tacos, Parmesan Thyme Fries, Lobster BisquePalate: All AmericanFood - AAmbience - B+Service - AValue - B+
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/31/2013,5/6/2013,2719,2132,67,74,71>Simply amazing!!  I've been eating a lot of kabob lately and this place is #1 on Glendale yelp page.I honestly was disappointed when I saw the place.  There was virtually no place to park.  We got lucky and got a parking right in front of the restaurant.  Mini kabob is a mini restaurant with 3 tables and 8 chairs.  The kitchen is located right next to the dining area so you can see the action and smell the food while it's being cooked.Ordered beef shish kabob and chicken shish kabob. Beef shish kabob ($12.99): The beef is tender, tasty and charred.  It's the best shish kabob I've ever tried.Chicken shish kabob ($9.39):  You have the option of either dark or white meat.  My dark meat chicken is juicy, flavorful and charred.  I don't know if I like the beef more than the chicken because both of them are fantastic.  Foodgasm :-)~You also get lavash bread in a basket wrapped in clear plastic.  It comes with super garlicky hummus.  The chicken comes with garlic sauce-similar to Zankou garlic sauce but not as thick.The service is great.  The sweet lady asked me if I was cold, reminded me to cover the bread so it wouldn't get dry and thanked me for waiting.  The husband asked if everything was okay.  They were so adorable and I saw both of them smiling and peeking from the kitchen while watching the customers eat.I've decided to adopt them as my Armenian grandparents but they don't know it yet =PThey'll realize it later on when I start visiting their kitchen more often.I went back for its white meat chicken and beef luleh and I didn't really care for them.5 stars!!  Best kabob I've ever had.  Other fancy kabob places got nothing on this hole in the wall mom & pop tiny place.  Mini Kabob won my heart.Mini Kabob is yummylicious!!
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2013,5/5/2013,694,671,26,25,25>I don't know jack about cycling. WAIT, read the rest, bro!I have a Walmart bicycle that costs $150 new. Mine was a hand-me-down from a more-serious cycling friend. He saw that I needed some kind of cardio to keep me active on my off-days from lifting and running, and so he gave me his starter bike. It had rusted gears, clanky, terrible shifts, a weird wobbly steering issue, all kinds of shit wrong with it. Given that it STARTS at such a cheap price, I was hesitant to even bring it into Open Road to get Steve's opinion on whether or not it'd be worth the money to get a quick tune-up. But since I have giant balls and can deal with a little humiliation, I decided to just give it a shot. Also, I have giant balls. Based on the other reviews, I fully expected Steve to tell me to get lost. But no, his interest was what I was using the bike for and where I was riding. Was I looking to race? No. Was I looking to maximize my performance or jump into hundred-mile rides? No. In a minute's time, we'd established that this was primarily a backup activity and that the bike wasn't intended to be amazing. In his words,"Is it a good bike? No. Is there anything special about it? No. Will it get the job done if you want to get some exercise in? Absolutely. It's $30 to tweak it a little, clean it up, give it a little oil, make a few adjustments. But nothing's broken, and it'll be just fine for what you're looking for." Simple as that. He didn't push it on me, he didn't try to make it seem like the bike would turn from a Fiat to a Ferrari. Hell, he didn't even give me a receipt. He just said,"It'll be ready by tomorrow." Hand shake and I was off. One of those guys who manages to earn your trust in a couple minutes of conversation. Anywhere else and I would have at least paused before walking out without him even getting my name/number/anything to help identify which bike I'd left.I came back the next day to pick up the bike, and it was ready as promised. He did have to look at me for a few hard-thinking seconds to recall which bike it was, but hey, all us Asians look the same so I guess I can't blame him. He told me it was $20. I told him he had told me $30 before, and he said,"Yeah, but it was in pretty good shape already. No big deal." He kept refusing the extra and I eventually had to force him to split down the middle with me and accept $25. Given that he was trying to charge LESS, I sort of expected a half-assed job, and to be disappointed at the lack of improvement. But NOT AT ALL. The bike feels brand new. Minus the ugly, hard seat that feels like it's trying to jam into my anus, but that's not Steve's fault. No more chatter, no more wobble. It doesn't even feel like the same bike. Of course, you have to temper that assessment, as it is still a $150 Walmart bike, but he certainly managed to make it ride better/smoother than my old $400 hybrid (also a cheap bike, I know). Eventually, I'm sure my legs will start to protest all the running I do, since I'm getting old as hell. When the time comes, I'll definitely be coming back here to get Steve's advice on moving to cycling.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,5/4/2013,311,551,9,13,13>I never thought rice paper would be a deal breaker until I came here. After being confused by two entrances I learned both restaurants were of the same owner. HOWEVER, be warned they are not entirely the same. The smaller restaurant has a $14.99 dinner option. The other one does not. It starts at $17.99 instead but has more seating and bigger tables, in case you're coming with a big party. They mostly take reservations so this is the place to go with a big group and not having to wait. My boyfriend and I came here after our quest once again for cheap ayce kbbq at reasonable prices. I saw pictures of rice paper. But when we finally got seated.. no more rice paper. Sigh. The bachan option was very limited and not as tasteful as other places. The salad was very watered down. I was a bit uncomfortable about eating my meat off the salad bowl instead of a small plate. But, the quality of the meat is a different story. Great meat slices and very amazing sauces to go with it. And for that, the stars must be added. The brisket, beef belly and pork belly were delicious. The sauces they gave us were a mouthful of happiness. On top of that, the service was fantastic. Our waiter and waitress checked up multiple times, gave meat quickly, fill our soup occasionally. Very friendly service. That's something you don't normally get at kbbq. The best part, though, is.. FREE parking. And by free parking, I do not mean the streets. They got a parking lot in the back on the corner of Ingraham and St. Andrews. It's also a pretty decent size parking lot so don't even think that you won't find a spot. The wait was not bad. We waited about 15 minutes for a Friday night dinner. I feel like not much people notice this place because it's so small which is good for me. Overall, I would be back. But kbbq without rice paper... I don't know how many of that I can handle.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2013,5/3/2013,1168,209,22,26,23>38 beers on tap. Vegan and Non Vegan sausages. Board games. Trivia nights. Where do I sign up?!?!?? Tony's Darts Away!I've been meaning to write a review for this place for quite some time but after the night I had tonight, I couldn't put it off any longer. Monday nights at TDA have officially become Trivia Night, with 1st, 2nd, and 3rd place winners each winning a prize. My team came in second tonight and we got a $25 gift certificate at TDA's!! GOOO TEAM "BILLY MAYS' GHOST PARTIES LIKE IT'S 1999!" hahaI had a couple Hef's and a bombdiggity vegan dog called The Hot & Spicy - vegan Mexican chipotle sausage topped with USR hot sauce, creole mustard, pickled jalapenos, and griddled peppers. Wow. Why would anyone eat a real sausage with vegan dogs like this around?! It was off the charts good!!Every time I've come here, I've had an amazing time either playing a board game, trivia, eating a killer dog, drinking a nice cold glass of beer, watching a sportsgame or even just hanging out with friends. Prices are soo reasonable, the staff is super nice, their clientele is friendly, down to earth. All makings for an all around great time. Loving it here at TDA!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,5/2/2013,327,175,30,34,34>I don't think it's any secret to anyone who knows me that Indian food is my absolute favorite cuisine! I simply can never get enough! And an Indian lunch buffet? What more could I even ask for?First of all, this place is located in Downtown Burbank, really cute area with lots of fun things around. I expected it to be about $14 a person... but nope! It was $9.95!? Seriously that's just awesome! So I came here last week, and I came in ready. I came in with comfy clothes because I knew how uncomfortable I would be after! Why? Because Indian food causes me to sin every time.. I become the worlds biggest glutton! Whatever, I don't care!Now let me tell you about the most important part.. FOOD! They had a great selection! Nine different trays with meat dishes and vegetarian selections! It was about even. I had to try everything.. twice! No choice. and everything was so delicious! My favorite thing had to be the vegetarian Samosas.. which is odd, because I usually only eat one. But here? I ate four or five! haha! It was so fresh and crispy! Ugh I want some in my mouth NOW! The butter chicken which is always my favorite and what I look forward to most was also very delicious! One tiny complaint is I wish the chicken were cut into smaller pieces? I know many will disagree with me but I like it smaller. But still, it was damn good. I don't remember the name of everything, but there's not one thing I did not enjoy. The chutneys were great, and the pudding was yummy and traditional! mmm mmm good! I will most definitely be coming here way more often!The place is also very traditional looking and very nice looking. The bathrooms looked remodeled, clean and smelled clean!Customer service was on point and super friendly! You won't be disappointed here.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,5/1/2013,414,207,26,31,30>At Foo-Foo-Tei, their logo is "1 Noodle A Day."  Depending on how one interprets that, it could be a good thing or a bad thing subject to one's stamina ;P  I must insist that one doesn't ignore those FUFU potato balls as prelude to the 1 noodle main course! (yelp.com/biz_photos/foo-…)The one thing that you MUST remember here is that this is your friend:  (yelp.com/biz_photos/foo-…).  What fills this stainless steel pail is the fiery red hot chili oil that plays a big part of making something teetering on the "meh" scale to the "just right" and "out O sight" scale.- We couldn't pass up the Gyoza [4.00], as we saw others ordering it.  Uniquely served (yelp.com/biz_photos/foo-…), these dumplings were very good and well worth ordering the next time around.- Takoyaki [5.00] was also ordered.  The eerie presentation is always a sight to behold as the bonito shavings mysteriously shiver and move from the heat expelled by the tako balls.  The balls were just OK (yelp.com/biz_photos/foo-…).- Reading review suggestions from my fellow yelpers, we had to try the Nanchatte Tonkotsu Ramen [8.00].  This was a white creamy broth that was seasoned with green onions and shitake.  The first slurps were uneventful, but once the magical chili oil was added, it became delightfully satisfying. However it seemed like the focus here was on the soup, as the noodles in the bowl were few and far between.  Just not enough for the amount of soup served. (yelp.com/biz_photos/foo-…)- Hot & Sour Ramen [8.80] was just that.  Hot & Sour soup with ramen added into the mix.  I liked it because I'm a sucker for Hot & Sour.  So no complaints here.- Shin-Shin Ramen [9.50] was packed to the brim with tofu, oysters, squid, mushrooms, and vegetables.  In fact too much and there was very little spicy soup to satisfy.  Taste-wise, not as good as the Nanchatte and Hot & Sour. (yelp.com/biz_photos/foo-…) Mind you that they have a vast amount of other non-noodle offerings that range from Hamburg steak, curry rice, teriyaki bowls, and bibimbap to bacon fried rice, and tempura.  It seems like there are too many things on the menu for such a small place.  Rather than focusing on making a few dishes very well, they are trying to cover the full gambit.  The only real complaint I have is there seems to be some major inconsistency with proportions of noodles to soup base.  Some dishes had too many noodles and veggie fillers, while others didn't have enough noodles. The service was a bit slow, and I wouldn't come here if I was in a hurry to get somewhere.  However, slow as it may be, they were polite and courteous.  3.5 stars as I wouldn't mind coming back to give the other vast offerings off of their menu a try.  "Foo Foo Tei?"  No, I say "Foo Foo Aye!"
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,4/30/2013,3694,383,21,34,38>This review is long overdue but not forgotten.  What an awesome hotel!You can read about the details in everyone's reviews who gave this venue 5 stars.  My reasons are different.  The staff completely catered to me since I notified them that this is the night!  What special night is this they asked?  I'm proposing to my girlfriend!From that point on, here's how the staff made this an incredible evening!They gave me suggestions on where to go for dinner.They provided we with a chauffeur to the restaurant.24 hour check-in and 24 hour check-out.Provided a separate key to my gf's friends so they could be in the room after we returned from dinner.The staff has 100% customer satisfaction in their blood.They open the door and greet everyone by their name, surprisingly enough.The facilities are amazing and beautiful!You can call on them at any time of day and they certain made my experience there 100%.I was able to adorn my room with flowers while the staff provided chocolate covered strawberries and champagne with flutes and the ice chiller.The bed is amazing!!!!!By far, top 3 hotels that I have ever stayed at and most importantly, she said yes!I will stay here any chance I get.HOLLA!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2013,4/29/2013,1076,572,16,22,19>UPDATE: JANELL HAS MOVED INTO HER NEW LOCATION!Belle Vie | Wellness and Medical Aesthetics17906 Pioneer Blvd., Suite 102, Artesia, CA 90701belleviemedical.comyelp.com/biz/belle-vie-w…The first thing I wanted to do after three months of traveling and stepping foot in sunny, beautiful Los Angeles was to get an IPL treatment.  With the help of Yelp buddies, I asked them to set up an appointment for me with the highly-recommended Dr. Janell Carrasco while I was in Singapore so that the first morning back, we could make an afternoon getting treatments.After waking up from a 20 hour slumber after landing Monday afternoon, I was no sleeping beauty and hauled-$%# to make it to my appointment on time late Tuesday morning.Reception and my friends warmly greeted me.   Over the next hour and half, we chatted as we waited and got our treatments.  All About Skin kept us hydrated with their cute water bottles as we gabbed away and caught up.During my IPL treatment, Janell took great care of me as she zapped away my even skin and other nasties.  Since it was my first IPL, Janell had me help locate the appropriate setting by telling finding her what setting was a 3-4 out of 10 in terms of pain.  She's a total pro and she rather on the cautious side.I completely trust her.  I mean, she does teach.  And this lady practices in addition to teaching.  She's one hard-worker, a smartie, and has a lot of experience. Plus, I even got a little facial massage at the end because all the zapping.  It was very little pain for all this beauty a week later.  Live life people!  And go here to take away the signs of all that living!Will be coming back.
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,4/28/2013,1090,471,23,22,24>FIRST OF ALL BYOB... mic dropped. Ok I'll pick up the mic and dust it off and finish this review. Had a Groupon for 2 pizzas and they were both delicious, the best part was having a beer in line that I pulled out of my back pocket, but enough with the beer. We got a normal heat veggie supremo for the ladies AKA Ian and Byron, while I went with the three little pigs double inferno style, cause I like it spicy, the staff was trying to warn me, but I did not listen; which I was glad the pizza was delicious not spicy enough, but to warn you had too many pepper flakes in the sauce for my liking, its a texture thing. Will definitely be back in the future with friends and a six pack.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,4/26/2013,978,924,14,14,15>It's embarrassing to admit but teriyaki chicken involving bottled sauce is a mainstay in my cooking repertoire.  Even with my frequent consumption of homemade teriyaki chicken, I truly look forward to teriyaki chicken meals at B-Man's.  Skip the curry, skip the beef, and hone in on the chicken and spam.     The plate meals are really huge.  It's rare that John and I are able to split one entree for a meal but when we assessed our chicken plates from B'Man's we both agreed sharing would be utterly doable.  In fact, one plate is good for 2.5 meals.  You can opt for a free upgrade to brown rice, which I love doing because it is nicely cooked and soft and nutty.  The chicken is delicious - heavily marinated, grilled, and sliced chicken thighs.  I much prefer the quality of chicken to the dry, nuggets of chicken that a lot of other places tend to serve.  They douse everything with their sticky sweet teriyaki sauce.  Macaroni salad comes with, in the form of overly cooked pasta with celery and a mayo sauce redolent in onion juice.  The tsukemono cabbage salad was inedible because it was overly salted.  Also worth getting is the Spam Musubi.  They do it really well.  They actually grill the spam and I love the crusty grill marks and they put just the right amount of sauce. Now, to find out whether the burgers are any good.....
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,4/25/2013,231,244,16,16,14>If I had written this last night after their weekly $5 cocktail special, I'd no doubt make a silly rendition of Subway's $5 foot long song.  But I didn't, so I'll spare you.  You're welcome, America.Coming at you stone cold sober, I would like to list all the reasons why I fell in love last night at the corner of Virgil and Santa Monica.1.  Tuesday all night happy hour.   Cheers to wallet health!2.  Haunted hotel decor.3.  The sheer ease to get a drink.4.  Zero pretension from the quite friendly bartenders.5.  The potential for fun times in the back area.6.  The large, solitary ice cube that will last well into your drink.7.  Nina Simone.8.  Sharing stories of winkies with Sandra V.SEE YOU NEXT TUESDAY.  *Palm to the face*
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/1/2013,4/24/2013,400,253,28,32,33>So the fabulous Miguel R and I planned a day for AYCE KBBQ. He suggested Man Kang. So we took a little stroll and came to Man Kang to find it kinda empty (only one table occupied). We were seated right away and set up with menu, water, and banchan! They have a variety of options for your AYCE pleasure, even an $8.99 lunch special. We opted for choice #2 for $13.99 and immediately started with the beef brisket, pork belly, and bulgogi! I really loved the beef brisket, nice cuts of meat with just the right amount of fat for flavor. If you know me I'm kinda picky and don't like fatty meat! The bulgogi was also yummy! It reminded me of my mom's cooking. The pork belly had a very thick cut and was just ok. By the time we finished all that we chose just to get the teriyaki chicken to end our lunch. The chicken was also marinated well and was tender. The steamed egg pot was also quite de-lish!Service was excellent, the grill was changed several times without us even having to ask! He also brought us plenty of water and refilled our banchan when we ran out!This a great spot to eat with great quality meat. I definitely recommend!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,4/23/2013,635,232,25,40,29>Park's Finest - you have 110% redeemed yourself in my book. I came here a few months back and although the food was OK, I received some really bad service. Let me tell you, they completely stepped up their game when I stopped in last week and I am so pleased to be able to do a 180 and give them a shining 5-star review. The owner here really wanted to have me back and give me a great experience - but I was determined to slip in here without them knowing so I could find out if the service and food would wow me without any implications. It certainly did.We were warmly greeted when we walked in - seated immediately, brought water, and given a run-down on the menu. I ended up getting the cornbread, the elote, and the coconut beef. Now that I've actually gotten to try the cornbread, I can say it lives up to the hype. It's so moist and has a delicious sugary crust on top. The elote was as good as it's always been - creamy and tart with the mayo, lots of cheese on top, and perfectly cooked sweet corn underneath. The coconut beef was the real winner of the night. Oh lawd, the beef is perfectly tender, not overly salty, and marinated in the creamiest most heavenly coconut sauce. Not only is it incredibly tasty over rice, but the portion is HUGE and lasted me several more meals over the next 24 hours. It was just as good every time I re-heated it - that's a hard feat to pull off! The service here was perfect - we were attentively checked on throughout the meal, glasses refilled, check brought out promptly upon conclusion of our meal - just a great experience all around. Thanks for holding it down Park! I need you for my late-night BBQ cravings!
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/22/2013,354,182,31,32,30>Would you like some beef belly with that chicken? Yes. Yes I would. :)Castle 2 definitely beats the original Castle on N. Western Ave. by 7-11. This place is located by the huge BBCN Bank and on the corner of Wilshire Blvd. and S. Kingsley Dr. and has lots of free parking in the lot right behind it on Kingsley.  yelp.com/user_local_phot…The parking lot has a toll booth, push the button for your ticket. I know you can get  parking validation up to 4 hours for dinner from the restaurant, but when I went on a Sunday night, no parking validation was needed since no one was in the toll booth. As for lunch, I believe it's 2 hours validation. ***I have finally figured out the parking!!*** Once you get your validation ticket from the waiter, you walk up to the little, red parking ticket station in front of the BBCN entrance at the parking lot. Once there, scan the parking ticket you obtained at the toll booth, then scan your validation ticket.  DO NOT. I REPEAT, DO NOT SCAN YOUR TICKETS MORE THAN ONCE/TWICE! You will not receive a reciept and you have 10 minutes to leave the lot. In fact, just run off that KBBQ and leave the lot immediately. If you scan your tickets twice or more, YOU WILL BE CHARGED $1.75. (It happened to me.. :(  ) Here are the steps:yelp.com/user_local_phot…yelp.com/user_local_phot…yelp.com/user_local_phot…Anyway, Castle 2 is really nice and spacious, no one is bumping into each other and we all have room to scoot the chairs back and forth, which is awesome. If you ever went to the original Castle, you know how crowded and cramped that place is, people of my size have issues there LOL. This place is really clean as well, no slips or falls happening here. SO here's the rundown of Castle 2... Price:  --------$9.99 AYCE "A" with 7 meats, no steamed egg (if you order their "B" or "C," you'll get the steamed egg, but you really don't need it)Meats:--------Brisket - Nice marbling and really tender. It's not as great as the original Castle's, perhaps the cut of meat was slightly different (smaller pieces), but it's still the people's favorite. :)Bulgogi - Overly sweet, skip it altogether. Original Castle has the recipe down.Chicken - HOLY QUACK! This chicken was surprisingly edible. I never like cooking the chicken or even eating it, but it was nicely marinated and just delicious.  It's skinless, boneless chicken thigh meat. Cut it up like chicken teriyaki. :)Pork Chop - Didn't try it. I assume it's like the Pork Steak but marinated.Beef Belly - This was really good too. Char this a bit and it's crunchy xD Weird, but it's good crunchy! :)  Pork Steak - This was good as well! Just cook it until just brown and scissor it up and bbq it to your liking. This is not marinated, which I think is better. :)"Sliced" Pork Belly - It's not really sliced, just a hunk of bacon lol. Brown it then scissor it up and bbq it to your liking. I like it a bit charred and crunchy. I LOVE CRUNCHY!! :)Banchans:--------KimchiBean SproutsAcidic TomatoesPickled CucumbersBean CurdsSpicy Pickled DaikonSides:--------Spicy Tofu SoupRice Castle 2 is absolutely a tasty AYCE kbbq for only $9.99, about $13/person. The meats were tasty, the music and TVs weren't too loud, and the restrooms were generally clean   even though the women's restroom was flooded earlier in the night (I didn't do it lol).  The service was a bit lacking because there weren't many servers for such a big restaurant, minus a star.  Castle 2 needs a bit more improving but it beats the original Castle for sure, I will definitely be back for more, perhaps a UYE? :)  Happy eatings!!
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,4/21/2013,920,518,39,48,45>Chef Eric Greenspan's thefoundryonmelrose.com/… Social Hour, weekdays from 6:00 - 8:00 PM (served in the bar lounge only), is a perfect way to experience his inspired cuisine and modern, art-deco resto on a budget. Selected wines are $6 per, Fat Tire is $4, Heineken is $3 and cocktails range $5 to $6. A well-culled lounge menu, at 25% off (during the Social Hour, not valid with Groupon, BBE or other coupons) offers small plate fare to please every palate thefoundryonmelrose.com/….Angela O. yelp.com/user_details?us… and I shared five, delicious, diverse dishes: crispy Potato Latke Bites with apple crème fraiche, savory Pork Belly & Scallion Pancake and black vinegar dipping sauce, a refreshing Beet Salad with Burrata atop Mache, the flavorful Foundry Burger with cheddar, grilled onions on Hawaiian bread and Albacore Tartare with sweet potato and shisito peppers.   Comfortably seated at the bar (there are purse hooks), graciously served by our bartender, each plate arrived, a work of edible art. (As the lighting is low, and not wanting to disturb other diners by using a flash, I took no pictures.) Just trust me, we ate with our eyes first, then dug in with pleasure.       In addition to dining well, there's also live music at The Foundry on Melrose thefoundryonmelrose.com/….Valet parking $6. Participant in Dine LA Restaurant Week, January 21 - February 1
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/29/2013,4/20/2013,1527,888,26,38,34>Here it is... my 500th review :)I knew this moment was quickly approaching so of course I did a bit of planning because I knew it needed to be a 5 STAR celebration all the way!!!Bestia is officially the new "best dinner you will have in LA" and I had every intention of striking while they're hot and in their prime! This is a not to be missed restaurant.Three weeks for a reservation if you try booking via opentable, perhaps longer. I went ahead and made a rezzie on-line then later that afternoon put on my charming Candace attitude and politely gave them a buzz to ask when the soonest table for 2 would be available - to my surprise I was told "tomorrow at 8P" I took it :) I knew this experience couldn't be shared with anyone any less enthusiastic about food and wine than myself so I reached out to Mr. Randy B. to see if he'd like to occupy the second seat at my table. I arrived around 730P and snagged a seat at the bar to enjoy a glass of red from Austria. nice choice - a lighter wine, similar to my go to Pinot.We were seated right around 8P and our nearly orgasmic culinary journey began. 6 dishes, 5 glasses of wine, 2 desserts and 4 hours later we managed to find the valet stand out front.We started with the Alla'nduja Pizze - homemade spicy 'nduja, san marzano tomatoes, mozzarella, topped with arugula - the chef recommends eating this from the outside in which was fantastic! but at times I loss sight of that recommendation and just shoved every bite from every angle into my mouth! Antipasti - Thank the lord (Yes, it's Good Friday I'm not religious but I'll thank the lord right now) Randy B insisted we have the Artichoke & Cardoon salad. OMFG!!!!!! I am in LOVE with Cardoon - this in my opinion is a MUST!!!! This may very well be the BEST salad I've ever had in life! artichoke, cardoon, arugula, celery with a Parmesan vinaigrette is mind blowing!The Pan-Seared Octopus & Calamari was also fantastic but if I had to choose between the two I'd have the Cardoons again!Then came the Beef Meatballs - braised beet greens are to die for!!! soffritto, tomato says the menu - these balls are not to be missed!!! mouth watering, you will long to have them in your mouth!So by this point, we knew we still had two Paste dishes on the way and I had already been luring over the two desserts we were not going to leave without having. Thank goodness I wore a loose fitting dress.Here we go!The Cavatelli alla Norcina is the best Paste dish you will ever have in life!!!! I wanted to lick every last bit of the black truffle out of the bowl. I almost cried when they cleared the dish before I had figured out a polite way to go about doing so. Ricotta dumplings, house made pork sausage, black truffle and grana padano - YOU CANNOT NOT ORDER THIS!!!!! YOU MAY EVEN WANT TO ORDER TWO OF THEM!!!I think our other dish was the Squid Ink Spaghetti Chitarra which was amazing in its own perfect way - scallops, calamari, wild fennel pollen and the chilli-fennel sofritto (soooo good) but if I had to - I'd still order the Cavatelli alla Norcina over this one - although both are mind blowing!DESSERT TIME! You will smell the donuts each time they come out of the kitchen - you will secretly wish one falls off a plate, rolls under your table so you may grab it and eat it! These smell incredible and taste amazing!!!"coffee & donuts" spiced Chestnut Zeppole with whipped cream and coffee gelato - SOOOO good!!!! The chocolate budino tart with salted carmel, cacao crust, olive oil topped with sea salt is also amazing!You will yearn for this place, you will want it sooo badly, you won't know what to do without it and you will want more and more of it before your bill even arrives. We did about $220 in damage and Valet is $6 a car. If you sit anywhere near the kitchen your clothes and hair and purse will smell of this place for days and they will be firmly planted on your mind.We will be back! We may tailor our selections to what we deemed the best of the best and try out some other items.I may also bring a seat cushion if I plan on spending another 4 hours here because my ass is sore from sitting so long and eating so much!The bathrooms smell just as incredible as the food does and the textures in there are amazing.You will love this place! Good Luck getting a reservation :) Enjoy!
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,4/19/2013,480,342,17,35,25>Never, never, never hire a mover without word of mouth.  As someone who migrates more than birds, I can assure you there are more negative experiences out there to have than positive ones.Ma good friend Heidi recommended NorthStar to me for my most recent move.  Considering the passion with which she recommended them, I felt I would be crazy to go elsewhere.The GOOD:The Estimate: The gentleman showed up at my house on time...on the dot.  He was quick, efficient and professional.  I walked him around the house and showed him my stuff.  He nodded knowingly in each room willing me forward. I was a bit anxious about our moroccan deck dining table which weighs more than a black hole.  He gave it nothing but a passing glance and said, "no problem".  He asked for a quiet moment to prepare his estimate.  We shared some small talk while he did his thing and within 20 minutes he provided me an estimate which seemed exceptionally reasonable.  We shook hands and set a date.The Move:Two weeks later, two very large vans showed up at my house filled with five large men...right....on....time.  They got right to work.  Everyone had a good attitude, no butt cracks, no slacking...just hard work. Four hours later, they had most of our items packed into the first truck after a serious game of furniture Tetris.  They put the balance of our stuff in the second truck and headed over to the new house.   After taking an hour long break to eat and rest their joints, they got to work delivering our items to their correct spots.  Four hours later, with the same, can-do attitude, they delivered the final straggler items to their new homes.The Bill:Alan N. was the master conductor of the team and he did a fantastic job.  I have to say, I was nervous.  I fully expected after past experiences that there would be all kinds of surcharges for one too many ficus trees, hidden shoes in free wardrobe boxes, excess bubble wrap wastage...etc, etc.  Can you believe, they actually came in under estimate on materials and right on target for the overall estimate?  He even asked me if I had purchased the Yelp Coupon which saved me an additional $75.WTF???? Honest movers who come in under estimate and get your crap to your new house without losing or damaging it? The Not so Good:NorthStar is the only mover I've hired that doesn't put something down on your floor, carpet, stairs to protect it from dirty boots walking back and forth with heavy furniture.  So there was a bit of dirt and crap on my stairs in the new house.  Nothing permanent.Okay...so recommendations for keeping your movers happy....Buy them some donuts in the morning....buy them some lunch.  They like Subway and you can feed an army for next to nothing.  Give them water...or some other liquid substance without alcohol.  They work their asses off for you.  Treat them like humans...and they will take care of your stuff and be nice to you.  Oh...and make sure you tip them.  I tipped 20%.  Personally, I don't know how people do this job...it's back breaking.  I was exhausted at the end of the day from just directing them.   They deserve a lot of credit.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,4/18/2013,2234,455,27,43,34>The things you have heard about this place, it's all very true. This pastrami is the best in the universe. I generally don't associate pastrami as my favorite kind of sandwich meat - it generally tastes a bit processed and often way too salty. But Langers' version of pastrami is slow-cooked and thick, seems as if it was braised.  You'll see that the pastrami literally falls apart (oh em gee). #19, russian dressing, coleslaw, tender pastrami = DONE DEAL
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/26/2013,4/16/2013,2404,328,22,28,26>Da beer selection!  Pastrami beer pairing!!!  I gotta write about the Stuffed Sandwich on the San Gabriel/Temple City border.  This place was originally further down the street years and years ago when it had the big sandwich facade sign. They eventually moved to this location with the gated in outdoor patio and about 50 interior seats.  Same menu.  All the good sandwiches - Capocolla, BBQ, Pastrami, Meatball, Sausage....I can go on and on...your choice of bread (french roll, white, wheat, rye).  Or go for the Spaghetti or ribs which are a nice surprise.  Prices that you cannot beat for the serving size you get.  They even have fries (go for the seasoned curly) but don't expect fried fries...they come out of one of those air fryers - but still good with a beer and sandwich....But the Pastrami here rocks - it holds its own against The Hat, Golden Ox, etc.  - but the best thing is that you can get it with a beer here!!  And plenty of beers to choose from including a tour around the world beer flight.   And there is always a beer special and beers from all around the world (over 700 beers!!!).  Also there is a wine corner....but Beer & Sandwiches makes a hard work week all good...worth the extra hour at the gym.And you can't beat the husband wife team.  Super friendly and they also sell a cool T-Shirt.  Please note you have to buy food in order to buy a beer - its an ABC law because they are not a bar.  But who could pass on their good food.  Mixed crowd of regulars, hipsters, seniors and the occasional tatted up rocker.  The independent Sandwich Shop still rocks in America!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/7/2013,4/15/2013,482,235,27,31,29>I wanted to write this review the instant I fell love with The Faculty. This magical moment happened between ogling our enormous charcuterie platter and my first bite of their Hot Italian sub. It literally blew my mind to discover a gastropub that ACTUALLY served delicious food in an unpretentious and friendly setting. Located behind LA City College, in a gritty-ish part of East Hollywood, this little hole in the wall is a humble foodie mecca. The very first thing you'll notice upon entering is the warmth of the space and the staff. Flanked by a floor-to-ceiling fireplace on one side, the bar runs the length of the room with comfy, tufted benches along the perimeter. It's the kind of place that invites you to kick off your Uggs and settle in for an afternoon of imbibing and noshing. The staff was exceptional: warm and attentive without being intrusive.The second thing you'll notice is the food. This is straight comfort food wIth not one truffle-laced anything in sight. Carbs? Check. Meat? Check. Mac n' cheese? Check. It's all here from savory egg salads, homemade chili and what I like to refer to as "comfort sandwiches." These are the kind of sandwiches you want to curl up with and devour slowly to savor every nuanced bite. Yes, it was that good.The Hot Italian consisted of a half pound of thinly sliced hot calabrese, cappy and provolone on an oven baked, toasty yet doughy roll. Dressed with olive oil, this simple little sub was crack-like in its tastiness. At $10 for a hearty sandwich with a lumberjack-sized side of orzo salad, this meal was a steal.We also ordered the charcuterie app: 3 cured meats of your choice for $15. Nothing surprising here until you get the massive platter with 3 baseball-sized portions of delicately sliced meats, toasted olive bread, olives, dried fruit and 2-types of honey. This one dish could have been a satisfying meal for 2. As my blood pressure can attest, I've had more than my share of charcuterie over the years and this was one of the best in terms of presentation, yumminess and portion size.With ample metered parking in the front, we'll surely become a regulars. Oh, I almost forgot, they play sports, have bottled Racer 5 and per my husband, have an excellent section of IPAs.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,4/14/2013,4161,1558,18,28,24>Maison Akira is a charming restaurant on the One Way street, Green.  There's free parking with validation up to 1 hour.  After that, it's $1 for every 30 minutes.My daughter and I went here on a Friday night.  I had the escargot and the Chilean sea bass.  My daughter had the rib eye.  Maison Akira even had the Baked Alaskan, which was a rare treat we had in the Bahamas.Service was flawlessly executed.  There was attention to detail from the freshly baked bread to the delectable desserts.  Everything was delicious.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2013,4/13/2013,3695,1087,29,34,25>My boyfriend just got us a couple's annual membership pass so we will be coming ALL the time since we live a 10 min drive from the zoo!!I was reading all the bad reviews for the LA zoo and I just have to comment that this is in the middle of Los Angeles, people! This is not the rain forest! Don't expect your experience of the zoo to be a magical safari adventure.A few things to expect:1) Expensive food- Pack a lunch with lots of liquids. There are lots of picnic areas and benches to have a nice lunch2) A butt load of walking- The zoo is kind of like an amusement park so wear comfortable shoes. 3) Sleeping animals- Think of it as watching your cat all day. There will be times your cat will nap for hours. Animals get tired too!!There are perks to the LA Zoo that people often look past! I love that the parking is FREE. The membership is also tax deductable because you are basically making a donation maintain this public zoo/garden and help the animals. The reptile exhibit, The Lair, is freakin' DOPE. They serve beer. I didn't say good beer, but they do have alcohol. You can bring in food. Must places don't allow outside food or drinks because that is how they make most their money, but the LA Zoo doesn't mind. Every Saturday morning there is a Farmers Market right by the zoo so you can stop by early to pick up some fresh healthy snacks.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/5/2013,4/12/2013,685,98,24,29,28>I could have sworn I already had a review for this place, but I guess not so here it is !I was super craving some spicy noodles one day so my friend's boyfriend started Yelping a bunch of places and came upon this one ! The reviews were all pretty awesome so we decided to come check it out ! This little restaurant is seriously, THE CUTEST THING EVER ! The walls were covered in stuffed chilis to warn you of the food you're about to eat and the little lady that serves you is super duper nice ! She didn't understand English too well, so I got to practice my (extremely rusty) Mandarin with her !For 4 people, we ordered:- Jja Jang Mien (I've wanted to try the Korean version with the squid ink for so long and have yet to try it ! Anyone know where I can get my hands on some ?!) The Szechuan version is pretty darn delicious ! It's a big portion of noodles topped with their Szechuan meat sauce. I added some chili and vinegar to spice mine up a little, but without it, it was still YUMM !- PotstickersMy little brother LOVES potstickers so when a restaurant has them I usually order it for him. These were actually quite tasty as well ! I was afraid I'd be disappointed because they don't really specialize in dumplings, but these were actually better than some places that DO specialize in dumplings ! Nice and chewy skin, juicy flavorful filling and crrrrrrispy bottoms. NOMDOTCOM !- Szechuan Dan Dan MienI think we might have ordered the wrong dan dan mien, cos everyone else that came after us who ordered dan dan mien got big bowls and we got a tiny bowl. Maybe the lady figured we might not be able to finish and gave us an appetizer size? Either way, this wasn't my favorite dish here. I wasn't a very big fan of the dry peanut sauce. Maybe it's cos we waited till the last minute to try them, but it was just really pasty, dry and lacking in any flavor at all. BOOOO. Gonna have to come back and try this one again, I think !- Wontons in Spicy Chili OilThis one was put on our tab through a little bit of miscommunication. The lady kept recommending this dish to us and we kept politely refusing, but it somehow ended up on the table anyway. Oh well, we got to try something else here ! In my opinion, they're WAYYY better at other places. These weren't even spicy. It kind of tasted like the same sauce that was in our dan dan mien with some beef broth added to it. I had to mix some chili and vinegar in this to make it taste better. Super no-no !- Pork Intestines Spicy Chili Hot PotWe originally really wanted to try the Eel, but they ran out so we opted for the intestines instead. And let me just say that this was like BOOM ! FLAVOR EXPLOSION ALL OVER OUR TASTEBUDS ! We were supposed to wait till it started boiling to stir it around, but it smelled so good that we just couldn't wait. There were a bunch of beansprouts, tofu, and INTESTINES floating around a hot and spicy oil based sauce. It was served with rice, and let me just say, I think we basically INHALED this dish. It was just so good ! And when it finally started boiling, it tasted even better. (:I think we payed $45 including tip for all of that food which is pretty darn good for 5 dishes ! We were all so STUFFED walking to the car. It's a good thing we were on our way to Costco to walk it off (: If you're a fan of the spicy spice, you definitely have to come check this place out (:
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2013,4/11/2013,818,503,24,34,34>Springtime is the best time of year to pay Descanso Gardens a visit.Tullips and hyacinths are blooming right now in the Promenade and they're beautiful!   There are also daffodils galore, irises, camellias, and azaleas.  Crab apple trees with their delicate pink flowers are looking very pretty.  The wisteria, and clivia should be blooming in a few weeks.  Some construction is going on around the Rose Garden, so there are some funky looking fences and the garden isn't looking as perky as usual.  I was a little bummed out to find out the big waterfall above the Mulberry Pond is not open any longer and it's fenced off.  My son used have so much fun going up the trail and walking across the top of that waterfall.  The water level at the Bird Observation Area/Duck Pond is very low and there's an excessive amount of algae on top, so hopefully the staff are going to rectify that problem soon.  There are lots of turtles, ducks and other birds to see.Check the hours for the Boddy House.  I got there around 4:00 p.m. on a weekday and it was closed :(The lilacs are beginning to bloom and smell amazing.  This area is right next to the Japanese Garden.The maples aren't looking so good in the Japanese Garden.  I'm not sure if the frost in recent weeks damaged all the red leaves, but hopefully they return soon.
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,4/10/2013,530,387,18,23,24>Siete Mares does their shrimp dishes really well.  Well enough to say that's all I really go for now that i've had most of the menu.  Do get the shrimp ceviche, shrimp cocktail & shrimp tacos dorados.  The ceviche is spot on and the cocktail is a close second.  There's plenty of hot sauce if it's not quite as spicy as you like.  When I'm looking for something a little more solid, the tacos are the way to go.Now the fish taco is a- ok.  It's serviceable, but not even in the same category as Ricky's, Baja Ensenada etc.The fish ceviche is a bit unbearable.  A whole different ceviche experience than that of the shrimp.  It's the one item I decided it just wasn't worth the misery to continue eating.A definite recommend for cheap, easy, and decent food in Silverlake.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2012,4/9/2013,3170,1316,35,49,42>**GOOD SCENIC HIKE IN LA**I am a LA n00b.This hike was part of my LA-BUCKET-LIST.PARKING========Just park anywhere on Fern Dell Drive. Good luck.HIKE====Scenic yes. Challenging no. We were done with the hike in 20 minutes.Good way to catch up with a friend.OTHER NOTES=============As tempting it may be, don't wear flip flops.Bring water.And try to hike when it's nice and cool; it can get hot.RECOMMEND.
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2013,4/8/2013,72,446,40,38,35>Ladies, move your hair weave to the side and guys turn your hat to the back!  The heat and steam from the food at The Palace will expose your unnatural enhancements.  Ladies, those fake eyelashes may fall into your food, and guys that mustache may fall, or smear (for those that fill-in).  At any rate, you may want to come natural to this restaurant, because the food is good, hot, and steamy!My friend and I met here again for lunch and wanted to try something different.  For whatever reason, we went bold and tried something with some sizzle, sour, and hotness.  To start, my friend opted for the Hot and Sour Soup.  I didn't want an appetizer because I wanted to leave room for the imposing and sizzling dish I ordered.  My selection was the Sizzling Black Pepper Beef.  When my food arrived I thought I would have to pull out an umbrella, as I knew the fire sprinklers were about to come on from all the steam from my food.  Our server cooked my food at our table and it was both an eye and ear opening experience.  Fancy that!  Most importantly, the food was good!  My friend ordered a shrimp dish and we both ordered a side of brown rice.  Both entrées were less than $20 and well worth it, especially for authentic Chinese cuisine!As a whole, The Palace got a little secret in the sauce that brings us back to dine again and again.  Not only is the food good, but the service is good, as well.  The ambiance is quite decent, full of Asian décor.  There's even a large flat screen television to keep some entertained.  Speaking of entertainment, we may have to go back to hear their live music on Friday and Saturday nights.  Without a doubt, I plan to go back for some more of their good food.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/26/2012,4/7/2013,115,174,51,58,58>Great place for Thai noodle soups!I've been here numerous times. My top three noodle soups here are Tom Yum Noodle Soup, Boat Noodle Soup, and Yen Ta Fo. The restaurant is open daily from 9:30am to 11:00pm. There are 13 tables total.Their menu has 53 food items which consists of appetizers, noodle soups, noodle dishes, rice dishes, and soups.Each table has a set of condiments (sugar, grounded chili, pickled jalapeños, etc) Also there's a tin of chopsticks, spoons and a cup of napkins. The Tom Yum Noodle Soup is fantastic! Great flavor of the soup! It's not as plain as it looks. It's sweet, sour, with a bit of spice from the Thai chili peppers.The noodle soup consists of lettuce, cilantro, BBQ pork, liver, tofu, pork balls, ground beef, and dried shrimp. The dried baby shrimp helps give the broth this peanut flavor, it's interesting.The Boat Noodle Soup is delicious! You have a choice between pork or beef. It also includes tripe. The flavor of the broth is spectacularly robust. There is a bit of pork blood in it which makes the broth thick in flavor. You also taste the remnants of the meat. So it's the kind of noodle soup for the daring kind of people. The Yen Ta Fo here is super tasty. They use so much of the red paste that there's so much flavor in the soup. I usually have a very difficult time describing Thai soups but this one is very flavorful. It is another one of those sweet and sour noodle soups.My choice of noodles here for most noodle soups is small rice noodles. For me it just absorbs more of the flavor that way. I also like egg noodles in noodle soups but that tends to fill me up faster. The service has always been excellent here. The people that work here are just so friendly. We've also met Pa Ord a few times at this location.Parking sucks but don't let that deter you from eating here. Overall, love the noodle soups here! Kuay tiew aroy mak!
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2012,4/6/2013,1201,1068,12,17,18>Hills Beauty Club is located in K-Town and one thing I love about this place is this amazing lady name Jessica, she has cut my hair twice and I have loved each style she has done on me. I would let her know in English since I'm not Korean what I wanted and the length needed to be.She did it right and made my hair lovely. I actually wasn't crying or flipping out that my hair was too short...sometimes it happens and yes we are girls and we do have emotions when our hair is butchered and looks horrible. Hills has treated me right and the salon is in amazing condition. I love the service that you get with getting your hair washed, sipping on some nice green tea and getting my hair done. Jessica takes her time and makes you feel like a star or someone that is super important. Everything is adjusted and corrected. I'm going to be really sad that I don't get to cut my hair for six months. (Leaving to Japan in less than 36 hours and all I wanted to do was write about how amazing Jessica is haha, soo crazy but I just love my hair)Parking is pretty easy they have a large parking lot and they can also double park if it does get a little bit intense here. If you need a hair cut and  you want it done well I would really suggest coming here this is where I got my bangs done and I'm super excited.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/5/2013,395,221,17,27,26>I've been coming here for years. My wife (then girlfriend) worked here for 5 years in the early 2000s. This was before Silver Lake was considered hip.There were homeless dudes that used to come to the coffee shop to buy coffee after a day of dumpster diving on Fletcher. True story bros.I used to hog a table for hours studying for my Finance, Accounting and Economic mid terms during my college days. Their menu consisted only of coffee, smoothies and sandwiches.Fast forward to 2k13. Now you got folks with their mac books hogging up the tables. These folks doing hip things like writing screenplays or editing pictures of their dog so they can post it on their blog. Their menu has grown too. They serve eggs and other hot items now. Times have changed I tell ya. I still come here every now and then to grab a coffee and a Jalapeno bagel with cream cheese. Still as good as it was back in the day. ahh memories.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,4/4/2013,376,194,30,35,31>To my beloved Fogo de Chao,It was such a pleasure to have finally met you.  I have always heard wonderful things about you, but for whatever reason we have never met until this point.  First I'd like to thank OpenTable for arranging our meeting.  I have to admit that when I first met you I was a little nervous.  I knew most people come to a churrascaria to fill up on meat and not other things.  But little did I know, your salad bar was fantastic!  I tried to not over-indulge myself with the first course knowing what was coming up in the main course, but once I saw your beautiful sun-dried tomatoes, I just couldn't resist.  While filling up a little on some salad and cold meat, we got some wonderful sides brought to our table.  The sides included cheese bread, plantains, and mashed potatoes.  Your cheese bread was tasty, but I had to keep telling myself again not to over indulge.  After nearly finishing up on the first course, our delightful waiter brought us clean plates for the main course; and that was where our experience really took off.  We swapped plates, flipped the little cards over to Green, and your gaucho chefs brought us an endless supply of meat.  I think I have tried every type of meat you had on the menu, with the only exception being the Lombo (Pork filet encrusted with Parmesan cheese).  For whatever reason, your gaucho chefs with the Lombo never made it to our side of the room.  But its okay; it was just a minor miscommunication between us.  Every cut of meat I've tried was delectable.  They were all very tender, juicy, and flavorful.  I would gladly order any cut alone as a main course.  My favorite was surprisingly the Costela de Porco (pork ribs).  Simply put, it tasted so good... My second favorite was the Garlic Picanha.  I was afraid your chicken (the Frango) might be overcooked and dry like most places, but it was moist and delicious.   Although I liked it too, my least favorite out of all the cuts was the leg of lamb (the Cordeiro).  Ironically I really enjoyed the lamb chops.  Lastly, I want to thank you for giving me my favorite dining experience of 2012; on New Years Eve nonetheless.  Needless to say, I can't wait for our second meeting as I look forward to seeing you again.    Sincerely,Chris Y.P.S. I opted for the $5.50 valet since finding parking is a pain in the area.  And since I came on a Holiday (or in my case, the day before one), I didn't expect it to cost $42 a head for lunch instead of the regular price of $35.50
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,4/3/2013,2310,316,13,24,20>***TAKE A BAO's MOP (Meal in One Pic)***yelp.com/biz_photos/take…**********************************************3.75 but showing 4.After going to TAKE A BOA almost 10 times, and perusing through almost the entire menu a second review felt right. TAKE A BAO is a extremely casual, fast, and efficient eatery with great asian-influenced modern food, mixology drinks, and great music in the back ground. The process is fast and easy. The orders are made at the counter, and the food is brought to you quickly at your modern looking wooden tables. All the soups and salads come in large bowls. All the Baos, wings come on wooden chopping board. The main dishes and salad are large. The Baos are small but delicious. Everything is well presented and is packed with flavors. It could be sweet like the original bao, spicy like the wings or the yellow curry. We tried:Baosyelp.com/biz_photos/take…and more baos yelp.com/biz_photos/take…All the Baos can be ordered on wheat or white flour buns. The interesting BAOs are the Banh Mi, and the Duck Confit. The original is sometimes too sweet. The beef is good. The fried fish and Tofu Baos are similar. If you never had a BAO try it. They are small, and funPotstickersyelp.com/biz_photos/take…Good gyoza filled with pork. They are extremely juicy, and the dumpling is light and cooked al Dente. 3 comes in a order.Tofu Popcornyelp.com/biz_photos/take…A great surprise. The batter was light and fluffy with no residual oil. The color of the fried popcorn tofu was bright yellow. The frying time was perfect. The batter was doughy but not too thick. It was slightly sweet but well balanced.Wingsyelp.com/biz_photos/take…Spicy, and Juicy.  Five wings come per order. They are topped with green onions, and are smothered in a great spicy sauce. The seasoning is perfectTake a Bao is a perfect choice when you want to go to a restaurant with delicious food but you do not have the time or patience to deal with a waiter. The menu is simple. The full bar drinks are great. It is fun, and make you happy. It gets crowded on Fridays, and Saturdays  (even late at night) but the staff is great at delivering the order in a timely fashion.
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,4/2/2013,217,296,23,26,21>I AM A FAN!!!! =) Winners of cupcake wars and I can see why now!!!Name change from Wonderland cupcakes? Doesn't matter to me because the quality of the cupcake was delightful!!Villain cupcake of the day was a Margarita cupcake! This is truly a drink in a cupcake all in one. Key lime pie pudding filling, topped with a tequila cream on top with salt rocks.Pina cola cupcakeI LOVE coconut, it's was splendid, the cream on top with the coconut flakes was oh so good! Words can't really describe the flavors that popped in each cupcake I tried. The cake was moist and not dry at all. Every frosting on top complimented the cupcake and brought out every flavor your tastebud was looking for. Staff was friendly and helpful. Please be sure to check out their website because the flavor changes daily!
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,4/1/2013,408,219,17,26,24>Can a place with over 200 reviews and a 4.5 star average be a hidden gem? I think in L.A. it can.I only became aware of this place because Groupon was offering a deal on it. I looked it up and was surprised by the rave reviews. I got the Groupon and was at the restaurants within a few days. The first thing that stands out it how intimate the place is. It probably seats about 25. Excellent date place if you are looking one. We settled into our seats decided on the prix fixe menu which is available during the middle of the week. I was surprised that the wine pairing option was only $15 more so ordering was simple enough. We were soon brought out a very tasty amuse bouche, this was a pleasant surprise and a nice bonus as you wait for your first course.I had read all about the pork belly and thought it couldn't live up to the hype. So I ordered it. It was fork tender flavorful and everything on the plate just added to the taste of the pork belly. If you find yourself wondering why something is on the plate do yourself a favor and make sure you get a sampling of everything on the fork.The next dish that came out for the flat iron steak which was cooked a perfect medium, the garlic puree along with the cherry relist only helped bring out the flavor of the meal. The wine pairing were also very well though out. If you had tried the wine on it own you may or may not like it, but with the food it is an excellent compliment. I'm not much of a dessert person but the Tiramusi with the dessert wine was a nice finish to an excellent meal. I don't think I can do this place justice, every bite of food I had was delicious and the food seemed to get better throughout the evening. If you live on the east side you need to visit this restaurant soon.
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,3/31/2013,674,1349,49,50,43>So you want to take a short hike with your furry and regular children... you don't know where to go... yet you want to be out in nature a lil bit... well DO NOT GO HERE... everyone else is already here with their puppies and munchkins... and they have all run amok!Ok sorry I have to RANT a moment... When you go on a hike like this, on the edge of nature, that a ton of people, children, and animals go on, please don't stop policing up after your 4 legged friends. I cant believe how 2/3s of the trail had dog scat every 50 yards or less! I mean seriously PICK UP AFTER YOUR MUTT! I don't care if it's a St Bernard popping out poop the size of a Chihuahua or a Chichuahua popping out itty bitty twigs... no one wants to step in it and with lots of HUMAN children cruising along show them the right way please! Almost as bad is the person who bagged their doggie deeds and then tossed the lil BRIGHT ORANGE bag on the side of the trail... seriously jackwagons why?   /RANTPro Tip: Arrive before or at 8AM for easy parking accessibility.The trail here is mostly covered, regardless of the time of day or season. This is because Eaton Canyon really is a canyon... kinda shocking huh... There is also a lot of deciduous and evergreen trees here. They provide a lot of shade on the trail when put in unison. This also made the trail a good 15+ degrees cooler than outside of the canyon.There are several babbling brook crossings with lots of rocks and trees set up to make it an easy thing to do. One of the trees is even a good 5-10 feet up over the 3" deep water... Rarely is the stream more then a few inches deep, definitely not anywhere that will hold fish, except at the base of the falls at the head of the lower canyon.There is a way to the upper pool and stream at the head of the lower canyon, but it is apparently a rather dangerous climb to get there and many people have been hurt/injured from climbing here. So don't climb without chalk and some kind of skill/experience at the very least... None the less... lots of fun to hike in have a snack with the kids/friends and just enjoy a different sight than most people here in the southland will ever see or even be aware of. Easy to do hikes are rare especially with a 40' waterfall at the end... I will be bringing my munchkin here before long I am sure... I think she will absolutely love it too =) Just like I bet you will too, if you dare to get off of the couch and do that reprehensible activity called exercise!
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,3/30/2013,4339,292,44,64,40>In a city where the VIP rooms have VVIP rooms why wouldn't this popular, fancy steakhouse have one too?  Well it's called Mastro's Penthouse.  I heard it's harder to get into the Penthouse than the regular Mastro's but it's probably because they just opened and you know how everyone wants to check out the latest craze which creates a hype.  Ahhhh....one of LA's charm!  You're probably wondering what the difference is from the regular Mastro's.  Well for one it's on the third floor and they have huge windows which are usually open and two balconies that give it that wide open feel.  It's great for enjoying the cool, breezy nights of LA.  They also have a DJ spinning some hiphop/house mix which makes it livelier than the piano performance downstairs.    Another difference is the menu.  There are a few more dishes on the Penthouse menu that are not on the regular Mastro's menu.  What stood out to me was the 8-10 sushi/sashimi type dishes.  It's a nice addition to the seafood dishes so if you're not a carnewhore you can still partake in the hoopla.  The signature cocktails are also different and slightly pricier.  They have several cocktails in the $30s.  Malarkey?  YES, but I have to say they are pretty unique!  Okay, here are the DO's and DON'Ts:  DO:Order the SCALLOPS (see pic).  One of the best I've had.  The garlic-y sauce medley its served with is out of this world.     Order the ALBACORE WITH BLACK TRUFFLES (see pic).  Great quality fish that will melt in your mouth.   Order the CRABCAKES (in the same pic as the albacore).  Hardly any breading on it and the aioli sauce it comes with is magnificent.Order the WAGYU BONE-IN RIB EYE if they have that special going on.  It's so delicious but it comes at a price tag of $98.  Pretty pricey but it's big enough to STUFF 2-3 people.      Order the LOBSTER MASHED POTATOES (see pic).  At $33 it's worth it.  It's basically adding a whole lobster to your meal.  Order the KING CRAB GNOCCHI (see pic).  Again it's another $33 side but they load it up with so much crab that every bite is phenomenal.Order the MAC & CHEESE and ADD BACON to it (see pic)!  It's a thick, cheesy, gooey, goodness not like the usual creamy mac and cheese at other steak houses.  So if you like the creamy kind, pass on this.Okay, let's get to the DON'Ts:Don't come by yourself.  You'll look like a loser and you won't be able to try as much food.Don't wear tight clothes.  You'll need something that stretches because the taste of the food will make you push your stomachs' boundaries.Don't stuff yourself with the AMAZING bread basket (comes with pretzel bread and Parmesan crisp).Don't come with a CRYING BABY!  No one wants to hear that while they devour a meal that cost as much as their rent!Don't forget to tip your waiter/waitress.  They really do provide TOP NOTCH SERVICE!Overall it was a PHENOMENAL DINING EXPERIENCE!
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/29/2013,731,629,38,36,27>The trendiest of the trendy of LA Breakfasts. Though, not gonna lie Blu Jam Cafe might be the undisputed Hipster Breakfast joint for all Angelinos and let me tell you why I'd only come here once in a blue moon..Patrons: It's in Hollywood. Actually Hollyweird.. (Wannabe actors, Transplants, Pretentious and Elitist HOT Asian girls, Asian tourists, and couples) *No reservations by way* (I'm not talking about the Anthony Bourdain show by the way) The Wait: Fuckin' long. As in "Disneyland 45 mins long but without a fast-pass" long. Prices: If you're a poor ass college student or only have a $20 on you. You might want to re-think where you want to eat this morning. The majority of their menu items are over $10 for breakfast. It's decent for the working class though if your MAMA taught you how to be frugal then I suggest Norms or Dennys. Ambiance won't be the same FYI. Food: Amazing. Blu Jam Benedict: I'm like an Eggs Benedict Snob. Had extremely high expectations. Extremely tasty. A bit skimpy in size but it made up for it with the crispy pieces of bacon, perfectly poached egg, and amazing Hollandise Sauce. Jessica Y. and I are very critical when it comes to Hollandise sauce and it lived up to the hype. Kudos. Brunch Burger: Good sized burger with great taste and very Taiwanese in the sense that they put an Egg in it. I was thoroughly impressed and it was a mighty fine burger with all the fixings. Highly suggested.Service: Not bad. This place is always slammed with either the wait or even when you're at the table. Overall, this place is pretty good. The only thing I don't like about it is the wait and the size of the Eggs Benedict cause I like my shit HUGE. If you're not down for waiting but want to try a similar style breakfast place I recommend Square One dining. It's AMAZING. Similar breakfast items, 1/2 the wait, and none of the LA Transplant douchery. yelp.com/biz/square-one-…Thanks for reading! Sincerely the guy who wrote you a secret love letter in the 4th grade that you never received, JBY.
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2013,3/28/2013,456,203,24,28,25>Ya know, I don't give out 5 stars too often, but considering everything about this place, it is definitely a well-deserved 5 stars. Now, you have to take into consideration all the good eateries (or lack thereof) around USC. Let's be real. Seriously. So thinking about trying this place had me hesitant at first. I just happened to drive by this place the other day and was curious to what they had to offer so I decided to check it out and dayummmmm am I impressed.Think Chipotle, which is right down the street, but for pizza. You can choose your own type of crust, sauce and they have a huge variety of toppings to choose from! It's all very customizable and your pizza cooks within a few minutes. Not too long of a wait at all! The pizza I've had was the Rosemary crust, tomato sauce, Mozzarella and Parmesan cheese, sausage, bacon, brocollini, grilled onions and mushrooms. The thin crust is great and the ingredients were pretty fresh.This location is located at the lobby of the new apartments, Icon, and next to the Starbucks. At the corner of Figueroa and Exposition. Parking is limited to street parking as far as I know.A great addition to the USC area and I hope more and more students catch onto this place soon.
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2013,3/27/2013,237,264,14,23,20>(If you want a good review, check Noemi M.'s. However, I'll do my best to address my sentiments.) The approach: It is unusual, to say the least, to be greeted by a monkey. Is it not? Especially one that jumps from the bricks and says "stop here." This corner space, once inhabited by blank drabness is now the home of a vibrant space. Transporting themselves here made me question how good it could really be. Yes, it doesn't quite have the same aged appearance as it's counterparts up north, but it certainly, there must be something to this corner boutique. Through the doors, you can see that they really have a great set-up in terms of where they are running their cold-drip (Kyoto style) coffee, and the upper seating loft. They have made the best use of space. It's appealing and maneuverable as well as relaxing. Yet, it still gives a vibe of, it's ok to study, work, have a meeting, or eat a ho-ho (yes, one of those fresh locally made ones, not a Hostess, which is out of business right?). The inside is clean and balanced between bright wood and iron and steel. This place, with its large windows, sings, come in. Stop here! Just as the monkey mentioned! I don't know the story behind the monkey, but I know it is their theme.The staff:I walked in with a group of people who were set on photographing EVERY inch of this place and every staff member. Despite this odd interruption and the rush of the people coming into the establishment (it was as steady a flow as I'd ever seen at Intelligentsia), there was such a wonderful mellowness to the staff. They really care about making your coffee. They have one of the newer La Marzocco Strada machines with the awesome looking gauges and boilers and settings that would probably drive me crazy. Yet, I couldn't stop looking at it and watching how well they handled the machine and the grounds.The craft:The coffee roasts from Vita are really exceptional. I've known this for some time. If you haven't had a chance to experience them up in WA, then perhaps you've gone to Steam Punk or Two Guns, but really, nothing local compared to the experiences up in the Pacific North West. Really, other than up in Olympia, I haven't tasted roasts this good. The quality is really unsurpassed around here. The taste of the cappuccino is so flavorful and balanced it sings. The color almost carved itself into my imagination as the perfect cup! I've tried a lot of cappuccinos, so don't get me started on balance. I was in love. I'm still in love and it's been several hours since my cup. Life is getting in the way of me having more coffee there.Timing:Noemi M. says it right about the need for coffee shops to stay open late. Coffee shops need to rival bars for later hours, because, if you brew it, they will come. I'll keep coming! So definitely, keep your eyes on this place, it'll keep you coming too.
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2013,3/26/2013,536,155,27,39,32>An adult playground unlike any other! See:- big guns, small guns, long guns, short guns (yes, those are the technical names...)- golf carts- FREE BEER(Sorry guys, no Playboy bunnies.)Coming here is like visiting your long lost cousin's place in the old, wild west. Everyone here is family. You walk in, grab a key (to monitor the number of clays you used), grab some ammo, grab some guns, take a golf cart, drive around until you find a station to your liking, and shoot some clays. Don't fancy clay shooting? There's also a pistol and rifle range. Once you're done, drive back and grab some FREE BEER on TAP. What the heck. Can I move in here?THE BEST PART is as long as you buy the ammo and clays, the gun rental is FREE!Everything is on an honor system. Just take whatever you want, and let them know at the end how many boxes of ammo you used.Bring a group of friends, a picnic basket of munchies, and you can literally spend a whole day at Mike's. One of 2 reasons to make the drive out to Corona (for other, see: Sushi Asahi), but trust me, it's worth it. Yippee-ki-yay!
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,3/25/2013,729,145,37,33,31>Boba.Wtf is it?! Little, chewy black balls, it turns out. I certainly don't need mo' balls in my mouth, so I get my Jasmine iced tea sans boba, and that ish is so good. Pair it up with a #3 panini, 'The Melt', and a bag of chips and BOOM. Excellence at lunch.Their paninis are wonderfully crafted, with loads of fresh ingredients. My favorite has pesto, tomatoes, mushroom and mozzarella so melty and abundant that I've twice caught boys checking me out as a thick string of cheese slinks outta my mouth. Sexy. Also, the word 'panini' always sounded like a fancy word for a small ass pretentious sandwich to me, but not here at the 'bow. This sucka is hefty. You can get the combo (sammich, chips and a drink) for just $5.99. Hecka reasonable, and way better than any combo meal you'd get from a drive thru.They also have ice cream that makes me wish for summer, acai bowls the size of my head, and smoothies and coffee that I've heard are pretty stellar. I think they may also have waffles of some sort, cuz every time I walk in, I pick up that unmistakable waffle smell. It's delicious, but I think they must be hiding em' somewhere cuz I never see any :($2 Weekly drink specials can be found here: rainbowcafeboba.com/?pag…Service is friendly and the atmosphere is cute. Eclectic mix of tables, couches and chairs, accentuated by equally varied wall decorations. There's also board games and random toys for you to enjoy, but really, I think that's only for the Asians because I've yet to see a Mexican or white kid put down their panini to play some mothafuggin' Yahtzee.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,3/24/2013,1700,729,20,27,28>If you like regular flavor gelato like chocolate, vanilla, rocky road, mint n chip, don't come here! You can can get that anywhere. They do have those flavors at Caramia Gelato. Come here cause you want to try different flavors. Don't come here if you have a bad heart. It may kill you. Filipino flavors are very rich, sweet, savory, and always out there but delicious. What may seem strange to some, is a delicasy to many.I stay away from ice cream, gelato, and frozen yogart cause i get addicted and used to eat this stuff every day. So, I told myself I could eat a frozen dairy only three times  year.I've always been curious to try maize con quezo ice cream which is sweet corn with cheese. At Caramia, they serve it as a gelato. I figured I used up my ice cream allowance to try. It's similar to that of a NY cheesecake ice cream but with corn. It's pretty good, not too sweet and bad for you. I also tried the sans rival gelato. Sans rival is a cashew butter nougat. There's chunks of sans rival in the gelato. This gelato is similar to dulce de leche. It's pretty sweet.For a medium cup and two flavors, it's $3.99. There are also other Filipino flavors: ube (similar to taro), macapuno (sweet coconut), avocado, halo halo, mango, buko pandan (young coconut).  Then there's the regular flavors, but don't come here for that!!
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2012,3/23/2013,436,626,20,30,19>KICKED MY ASS. No joke. This was my first time on this trail. If you know me well enough, I LOVE running on trails. I kinda get picture crazy when I run a new trail because I want to remember exactly what I see. It's like a new discovery... well cause it is. First and foremost, this trail is a huge circle loop (roughly 5.15 miles or longer depending where you start). You can go left (Burbank Trail) or right (Coral Trail). They are the same trail, and you end up where you started. I went to the left (like Beyonce), and oh dear mother of hills. I thought I was gonna die. I could not, NOT run, so of course I ran it because I like sweating my booty off, getting it all firm with uphills. But my, were there SO many of em. It went like this: HILL then short & flat then HILL, NON STOP. Every time I thought I was at the top, I was faced with another hill. Great for training, but expect to be out of breath. It takes about 2-3 miles to get to the top. Views are pretty nice. And this Burbank Trail is definitely on the sunny side. I rested at the top at this mini little outdoor bench kinda thing. While there, I spoke with some other people on the trail who told me that the Coral Trail is actually tougher. So when I went down the last 2-3 miles (which is the Coral Trail), I was greeted with plenty of shade from high trees hovering over (pretty!) and a steady decline. This definitely explains why the Coral Trail (going up hill) is definitely tougher: straight up inclines with barely any short, flat trails. Other than that, you will definitely find a lot of people walking/running this trail and/or biking. I even saw a group of military folks (army reserve?) training here. Several of the people I saw here were very nice. A few who saw me running the uphills were giving me thumbs up or giving words of encouragement like "Keep going!" "You got this!" and so forth. As for parking, there's plenty. There's a small parking lot, but you can park down the street by the pretty houses as well. Next time, I'm gonna try the Coral Trail and the off beaten paths that I saw other people venturing off too. Adventure awaits! :)
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/15/2013,3/22/2013,476,584,20,27,23>I happened to be in the area and my mom wanted vegetarian food so I yelped a random place. Yelp did us good :D I came here on Saturday morning 10 min before they opened. I wanted to wait but my mom was cold so we sat in the car for a lil bit -_- 10 min later THE PLACE WAS PACKED!! somehow.. i dont know how.. in that short span the place was packed... My mother and I waited for 45 minutes for table with angry Chinese and Vietnamese women around the front yelling at the poor waitress. I mean I hate waiting but that wasn't their fault the food was cheap and tasty ;) My mom and I got the sweet and sour pork and the the lotus and snow pea off the lunch combs. And then in addition to that we got the fried oyster mushrooms. The lunch combos are really cheap and the menu says it comes with bread and porridge or rice and soup. But they're so nice here they give you ALL OF IT!! Yuppppp!!! Rice, porridge, bread AND sweat and sour soup!!! The sweet and sour pork was pretty good. The 'pork' is really just taro fried up :D But then the lotus and snow pea was overly bland -_-' Lacking in texture and taste, I wouldn't recommend this item. But omg, my mom and I both agree that we LOVE the fried oyster mushrooms!!I will probably be back here with my mom soon :)
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/26/2012,3/21/2013,663,707,17,24,22>Wow! Amazingly fresh and tasty dim sum! We came here for Christmas brunch and only had to wait about 25 minutes at peak time (noon). No carts here -- you order off the picture menu, marking off the items you'd like for the 1st round (there's also a column for another round if you're up to it) and handing it to a member of the wait staff. Tea is $1/person but you can choose the type of tea you want from 4-5 options.Standouts included the sticky rice wrapped in lotus leaf, pineapple bun with chicken filling (nice sweet and salty combo), pan fried pork bun with dried scallop, snow bun (called low fat milk bun on the menu), shu mai, and the large, super fresh shrimp in the har gow and the shrimp wrapped in rice noodle. The only downside is the resulting MSG coma. Don't plan on doing anything productive (besides sleeping) for a few hours afterwards.Plenty of parking either in the spacious lot or on the street.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2012,3/20/2013,484,473,13,14,12>My wife and I had the opportunity to try the Mangia Italian Ristorante on Wheels at the first ever Corona Food Truck Festival. Let me tell you, I'm still thinking and dreaming about that day. We shared, I don't know why I did that ;o), the Sausage Sandwich. It's made of mouth watering Italian sausage, fresh peppers & onions, marinara sauce, and topped with Parmesan & provolone cheese. All these great ingredients were inside a warm soft French Bread, the perfect blanket. What sent this sandwich over the top was pairing it with with a nice cold beer.  Now you know why I'm drooling while I write this review. I can't wait to catch the Mangia Italian Ristorante on Wheels at the next food truck festival.
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,3/19/2013,511,129,17,29,23>I found California Tint through Yelp. Read that this place gets packed and to come early & that's exactly what I did.I came in about 30 minutes before opening and I was first in line. Just so you know, their parking lot wasn't opened and there was a chain blocking the parking lot entrance. I was lucky enough to find street parking and parked my car there then stood in front of the door until opening. By the time they opened there were already over 11 people in line and more people were still coming. There's a sample display of each of the different shades of tint to choose from. I was having trouble on deciding which tint since it was my first time tinting my car. Peter asked me what color was my car and I told him that its white. He suggested that I go with the 2nd lightest tint for my front windows if I was worried about getting fix it tickets and that it would look darker than it really is since my car is white. I ended up going with the 2nd darkest tint all around. I told Peter my decision and he asked if I was sure because he didn't want to see me again because of a fix it ticket. He then said since I'm the customer he's giving me what I want but with a warning. I believe my total was about $145 for all my windows and a front visor tint which was $10. After paying, Peter asked me to drive in my car and that it would take roughly an hour.They can only work on 3 cars at a time and each car takes roughly an hour to tint. While I was waiting for my car, I overheard Peter turning down customers because there was simply no way he could tint everyone's car before closing time. I was quite amazed at how packed this place got. My car was ready in about 50 minutes and I was glad I came here for my tint. My car looked beautiful! Peter explained to me about the lifetime warranty and told me to hold onto my receipt just in case I ever had a problem with the tint in the future. He also explained to me to not roll down my windows for about 2 days so that it could fully dry.Peter was very friendly and they did a great job on my car! I couldn't be any happier.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/2/2012,3/18/2013,5000,1442,23,24,27>Most of you know that I've been having a love affair with bacon for many years.  Well, and I'm ready to admit, I've been seeing Pancetta for a few months, and we've recently got engaged.  I'm sorry to have Bacon find out this way, but I also have to let down easy -- Schnitzel, Dumplings, and Pie.  I never wanted to hurt anyone, and, after all, I still have love in my heart for all of them.  Sigh, it's a tough time.Today, when my work decided to order in lunch, we chose Sweetsalt.  Looking at the menu, it was just a matter of seconds before I laid eyes upon:Pancetta crisps w/ Burrata Salad ($10) -- seared pancetta / burrata cheese / micro greens / heirloom tomatoes / cherry reduction dressing / arugula  yelp.com/biz_photos/swee…Good Lord!  I wanted it -- and wanted it bad I did!  It was absolutely delicious and so darn fresh!  So....While it couldn't be any more tasty, it was smallish and its an easy fix: add more greens and/or arugula.  It was mostly the "stuff" (which was great!) with the plastic container about 1/2 full at best (it was probably less so).  And, for goodness sakes, cut the full tomato (generous!) into smaller chunks, especially for 'to go' orders.  After all, there's a good chance I'm eating with a stupid plastic fork.  In fact, 100% chance this time.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2013,3/17/2013,655,466,25,29,27>Right next to 50/50 burgers If you know where Slater's 50/50 ( yelp.com/biz/slaters-50-… ) is at, then you will be in luck to find this bar!The bar is right next to Slater's 50/50. You cannot miss it if you're on Union st. You'll see this big red door with a bouncer sitting outside checking IDs before letting peeps in. Great, great experience. There were a lot of whiskey's to choose from and I was overwhelmed! If you're a whiskey drinker, you should know NOT to down your drink or be taking them as shots right? Else.. what's the point of whiskey tasting?I was a little disappointed seeing some people ordering their Flights (which are 3 shots of variety of whiskey) for $10 and using them as shots. :( that's just sad. I thought you're suppose to enjoy it not just get f..ed up before you get the chance to try the other kinds of dranks. Ordered..Four Roses Cask Strength Single Barrel - smelled like honey but did not taste like it. Ha, that fooled me. The boyfriend liked it more than I did.Butler's Old Fashioned- cannot complain about how strong it was, but I was able to taste the mixture of an old fashion. Not bad. yelp.com/biz_photos/the-…Crowd and seatings?- There's bar seating and table seats. I guess first come, first serve! There are snacks to order, but all orders are taken at the bar but they will deliver your food to your table. Games?- Shuffle board and chest painted on some tables! Just make sure to grab the pieces from the bar.Or ask them for it. I am a whiskey person so Blind Donkey, I will be coming back.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/23/2012,3/16/2013,2247,546,8,20,14>Didn't know this place until saw a food magazine at Tea Station the other day, there is one in Monrovia, but this one in West Covina is much closer. I really liked the decor, very trendy for a Japanese restaurant. Host girls greeted us the minute we arrived, asked if we wanted to sit at the bar or a table, table for us, more intimate and relaxing after a long & stressful week for hubby. Very extensive menu, good drink menu too, ordered 720 ml bottle sake for $55, loved  the ice bucket and glasses. The wooden bucket is very stylish, the glasses are the right size, not too small or too big, just right for sake! Our food: (they ran out of raw oysters) Yakitori: Wagyu beef, Asparagus, Mochi bacon, choices of salt or sauce, sauce ones were more flavorful. I liked the asparagus, hubby liked the meat. Not many choices of seafood or veggie in Yakitori menu  Chawanmushi, steamed egg custard with shrimp & chicken: the egg was so soft, melted in my mouth right away, very delicious Seaweed salad, greens with assorted seaweed n shrimp in house dressing: very tasty, the dressing was amazing Miso soup with live shrimp: yummy, they forgot this order, we received our soup half way through dinner, I loved the soup, worth the wait, right the moment I needed some hot soupOchazuke, rice ball with Salmon and pickled veggie: loved the pickled veggieSashimi, I wanted to order regular sashimi platter ($25), our waitress recommended the premium sashimi platter from the daily special menu, better quality for $45, I saw Toro in there, so yes! Turned out it was one of the freshest sashimi platters I have ever had! I just loved the Toro, and the raw shrimps were so yummy too! The plating was beautiful, I was very impressedSpanish roll, Spanish Mackerel roll: fresh and delicious, I love Mackerel, raw or cookedThe food was just amazing, I wanted some beer, saw this awarding winning Canada beer with %10 alcohol, had to have it! For $8 on draft, it's a lot, but it was so tasty. Our waitress was so fast, friendly and attentive, in fact all servers were so nice, they could serve all tables, we could just tell anyone what we needed, all of them provided great service. The tab was $155, not cheap for a local eatery, but it was worth it, the Sake, sashimi and service, no complaints! I really loved our casual dinner on a Friday night around neighborhood! Ps. They don't have a full bar, just beer and wine, they make cocktails with sake and Shochu. The patio is very nice, good to have drinks with friends or a date. Happy hour is from 10pm-2am on weekends, menu is limited, but it is good deal.
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2012,3/15/2013,444,330,19,29,22>Things to keep in mind at Scoops:1. One scoop of ice-cream is actually two scoops of up to two different flavors of ice-cream. For less than 3 George Washingtons! 2. Brown Rice Caramel is so good and delicious that I would have skipped over Captain Crunch and ordered double portions. 3. Brown Bread is one of their signature flavors. But just like actual people signatures they can be gnarly and messy and not indicative of the actual entity. It bears more of a resemblance to brown sugar ice-cream than it does to magical toasty French bread (or any other kind of bread). So, there's that. 4. This is the place to order beer-flavored ice-creams. 5. The service is superb. Generous with flavor tasting and portion sizes. Come here with someone who is lactose intolerant and hope that he/she gives you the rest for fear of gastro-retribution later.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,3/14/2013,606,426,18,27,24>Aside from Din Tai Fung, these are the best Xiao Long Bao and at a fraction of the price (3 orders of dumplings, 1 order of wontons, and 1 shanghai rice cake = ~$30) // LOCATION // Down the street from the original location on Garvey across the street from JJ Cafe. This location is so much bigger, clean, and modern. I was very impressed considering the original location is tiny and run-down // PARKING // Free private lot with additional parking underground// SERVICE // Very good, especially for a busy Chinese restaurant. The service was very prompt// FOOD //     + Xiao Long Bao: Filled with delish soup that was not oily. The XLB were very large as well     + Red oil spicy wontons: Giant wontons in a delish spicy sauce      + Shanghai rice cakes: The rice cakes were on the softer side and not as tasty as Supreme Dragon or Din Tai Fung. Despite the texture, the flavor was very tasty and it was filled with pork and cabbage      + Leek, pork, and shrimp dumplings: I love boiled dumplings, and the skin here was perfect. The filling was juicy and very flavorful although I'm not a huge leek fan
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/24/2012,3/13/2013,1388,397,28,35,32>I was both thrilled and frightened when I heard Slater's 50/50 was opening within walking distance of my home. As an unapologetic glutton and confirmed bacon addict, having the beefy, bacony goodness of Slater's in such close proximity is truly dangerous. Add to this increasingly slippery slope a fabulous happy hour from 3pm - 7pm M-F and after 10pm 7 days a week and basically you can plan on seeing my story on "This is Why I'm Fat" in the very near future.My partner in crime went to Slater's on opening day (no shock) and had a fabulous experience!1. I love their waitlist/paging system. Give them your cell phone number and the system will text you when your table is ready. Also, you can check on your wait through the system by clicking on the link in the text message you are sent when you first check in with the host/hostess. It tells you how many parties are ahead of you and updates you on your waiting time. Brilliant!!! Loved it! 2. Same great food as the other locations. I was very pleasantly surprised by the perfection of my burger, fries, etc.  because it was opening day...and it is to be expected that things might not be completely up to speed. I ordered the 1lb 50/50 patty with peanut butter, bacon, cheddar cheese, and Frank's Red Hot Sauce (now called the P, B, & C) and the burger was fantastic. Cooked to the right temperature and quite delicious. The fries with bacon ketchup were also delicious as always!3. Happy hour is in the entire restaurant not just in the bar...YAY!!! The selection of beer for $3 a pint is good...PBR is $2.50. There were two drinkable IPAs available at the HH price (Cismontane and Golden Road.) Select appetizers are 50% off including the fries with bacon ketchup. There is also a discount on well drinks. Overall a fine happy hour!4. Slater's offers a GLUTEN FREE BUN!!! Double YAY!!! It is the Udi's brand, which is one of the better GF products available. Big props to Slater's for having a gluten free menu as well!!!5. The service was phenomenal!!! Again, as it was opening day I was prepared for things to be a bit off while the staff gets their sea legs...but this was definitely not the case. The host staff were all very welcoming and cheerful! Our server Eli was amazing!!! He was very attentive and alot of fun. There were staff members and managers walking around the restaurant checking on tables, refilling drinks, and just generally keeping things running smoothly. Every last person working there was as nice as pie and everyone was moving with a true sense of urgency...while keeping it light and fun. While we were leaving, one of the managers very genuinely thanked us for coming in...it was such a nice moment and the perfect way to end our fantastic dining experience.So, damn you Slater's for being way too close and far too awesome!!! You will be seeing alot of me. And after all of the beefy, bacony deliciousness that I see in my future, there will be alot more of me to see.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,3/12/2013,1215,510,19,26,24>Another ramen spot joins the Little Tokyo offerings of Hanaichimonmae, Mr. Ramen, Orochon, Daikokuya, and Shin Sen Gumi.  It's too early for me really give my own personal rating, since I've only had the Tokushima-style ramen.We'll start with that.  Tokushima-style ramen.  It's differentiated from their other 2 broths: tonkotsu ramen and shoyu ramen.  If I had their tonkotsu ramen, I would draw a direct rating between Daikokuya, Shin Sen Gumi, Santouka, Yamadaya, Tsujita, etc. etc.... but I didn't yet, so I won't.  Their Tokushima broth is as different to tonkotsu, as is cabernet sauvignon to merlot grapes.  Blond ales to Extra stout.  Sports cars to 4-door saloons.  It was surely a more high-viscosity broth.  The kind of consistency I'm used to seeing in tsukemen (dipping broth, kind of like an open-faced ramen or deconstructed ramen).  The flavor itself... I want to say there's a hint of maltiness; or even a roasted teriyaki sauce.  But rounding out the flavors, it's like taking a Chinese hot & sour soup, and leaving out the hot & sour flavor.  It's not spicy, nor sour, but the rest of the broth's flavor is there.  It's worth trying once, but it's not to my taste.  I prefer a more rich, creamy, savory broth for my ramen.  You're given a complimentary bowl of rice to pour the remainder of the broth in.  Like a makeshift ochazuke or rice porridge with ramen broth.  VERY filling.The base Tokushima ramen is $8.95.  Or you can go big and get the special Tokushima for $11.95.  You get the slices of chashu along with another kind of stir-fried pork.  I liken the latter to pork bulgogi; you can expect the texture to have more chewiness than the chashu.  A nice boiled egg with gooey yolk is also included, as are bamboo shoots.  Like Shin Sen Gumi, you can opt to add more chashu, scallions, bamboo shoots.  Kikurage/black wood ear fungus is a cool addition, with its delicate if a bit crunchy texture, similar to jellyfish.  I get it mostly for it's nutritious value.  I have to say, the kaarage/Japanese style fried chicken bites are in pretty good form here.  The flavor is not as intense as say... Southern fried chicken, Taiwanese popcorn chicken, or the good Korean chicken.  It's subtlety, it doesn't taste too heavy or overwhelming.Other notes:*"Zannen. Biiru ga hoshiiiii naaaaaa~."  I overheard such lamentations from the couple next to me.  The guy really wanted a beer, but they don't serve any here. Will that change?*Staff are very friendly, though my order wasn't always right.  They brought me gyoza instead of kaarage at first.   And they forgot to include the kikurage into the ramen (though I got that later).  Not a big deal to me, since I wasn't in a rush.  Also, the waitstaff doesn't appear Japanese, nor could they really speak it, apart from "Irrashaimase!" "Arigatou gozaimasu!"*The music played is horrid. To me anyways.  I don't walk into a ramen shop, expecting to listen to "Call Me Maybe" or "Gangnam Style."  They should take a cue from Izakaya Honda-ya.  I want to hear some Utada Hikaru.  Some Ayumi Hamasaki.  Lunasea.  Crystal Kay and Chemistry.  Some Joe Hisaishi Studio Ghibli or Kitano yakuza tracks.  Somethin' like this: youtube.com/watch?v=Dyrh…*The bathrooms are pretty damn nice.  That faucet and sink lays the smack down on some Michelin-star restaurant bathrooms with it's style.   *As I write this, it's not too busy.... yet.  Easy to get a seat.  I spotted some locals too.  Like Ian Blackburn of Learn About Wine: yelp.com/biz/learn-about…    I would've shook his hand and thanked him for his past hospitality, but I didn't want to interrupt his conversational Cantonese party. "Ngo mmmm chi do kwontongwa" after all. (Can you tell how bad my Cantonese is?)
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,3/11/2013,1206,320,45,50,50>So, I came to this location to feed my inner cravings and well... because the Glendale location was already closed for the night. I do appreciate that this location is open later.FOOD/DRINKS - 5 Stars: Here's what I ordered:- Mango Smoothie: This is purely Mango and ice. I had to ask because all the other smoothies except for the Guava one and one other one have milk in it. So, just FYI to all my lactose or semi-lactose readers out there. I love mango so it's always good!- Guava Smoothie: The guava smoothie was really good. I didn't know what to expect, but I have to say that I really liked this more than the mango one... shhhh don't tell that to the mango smoothie! I feel like I'm cheating on the mango. LOL.- Cheese Rolls: How can you not love these fluffy and delicious cheese rolls!? They are soooo delicious. Just be careful because you can't just have one!- Chocolate Chip Cookies: I truly love their chocolate chip cookies. I don't know what it is about them, but they are so delicious. Sometimes they're soft and sometimes they're really crispy, but either way, I love them!- Pan con Bistec: This is my favorite sandwich on the menu. Delicious bread, with beef steak, tomato, and those picnic potato sticks. The meat was tender and not fatty at all. I easily ate this and quickly mind you!- Mariquitos: These are sooo good, but I was disappointed they didn't give me any of olive oil and garlic dipping sauce. I didn't realize it until I got my order and I wasn't about to try to fight the crowd for the sauce. Usually at the Glendale location, they give you the sauce in the container. ::sad face::SERVICE - 5 Stars: The service here is quick and friendly. They take your order and try to do everything without writing it down or at least that's been my experience. So, I ordered everything above plus i wanted a slice of a Tres Leche cake and a slice of Parisian cake and the guy taking my order said he would check to see if they had any. He came back with my order above and I had to remind him about the cake slices because he forgot and was quick to go check. Granted this isn't a big deal, but when you're ordering at Porto's, it's an insane amount of people that and time is precious with the crowds. Anyway, he checked and they didn't have anymore so I couldn't get my cake slices. :(ATMOSPHERE - 5 Stars: This place is massive compared to the Glendale location. and it's pretty brand spankin' "new" compared to the other locations. There is a lot of seating though you have to be on the lookout for open tables and grab it as soon  as you can otherwise you'll be out of luck! It can be super crowded, but that's the nature of Porto's... it's packed and loud and it comes hand in hand with the great food.RECOMMENDATION: I love Porto's and I recommend others to try it if you haven't. Just be careful with the large crowds. You can always pre-order, but I think there's a 24 hour notice that's needed. You'll definitely want to eat everything here because the pastries are delicious and the cakes are amazing!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,3/10/2013,1068,387,106,93,83>"What, you don't eat meat?"Well, no, outside of the master bedroom I'm vegetarian. I don't have anything against eating meat, it's just that when I do, I break out, and I have this thing about being irritatingly perfect, so...WHY did I even go to BOA Steakhouse? I didn't choose it; it chose me, or rather, my SO chose it and forced me to come along at Louboutin point, and I'm her b!tch, so there you have it.But enough foreplay and overture, time for the curtain, which in this case rises to reveal a hot, panoramic view of Sunset Boulevard and the hilly, less touristy part of Beverly Hills where rich directors throw pool parties or film porn.The location of BOA is beautiful, right on the border of Beverly Hills quiet and West Hollywood riot, though if you don't take a cab to the restaurant, expect a valet to park for you because you're not going to park your sexy KIA by yourself. The atmosphere is loungey, like being invited to a Swedish artist's summer condo with nary an IKEA piece in sight. You could think of it as tantamount to being in a club for well-dressed, grown-up mods after the rockers declared the rest of Sunset THEIR territory.Anymoped, there's no hard dress code, but there weren't a lot of T-shirts and jeans to be seen among the guests, at least on the night I came. So, yeah, if you want to be treated like a grown-up, it's a good idea to dress like one here (My own T-shirt had a picture of a tuxedo on it. I know, right? SWISH)But seriously, menu.WOW! For a steakhouse, there's a surprising amount of un-meat available for the asking, and even more if you count seafood. Tons of varied appetizers and salads and enough bread to feed every circus since the fall of the Roman empire.My date had prime rib and she seduced me into having some off her plate and it gave me a boner, which KILLS in skinny jeans, so you KNOW it had to be good. I think the chefs prepare it with a unique blend of culinary expertise coupled with industrial strength, addictive narcotics.Or, ionno, spices or whatever.I made a special request for a baked potato drowned in an assortment of foreign cheeses and butters, and was presented with TWO even though I didn't ask, the server taking it upon her own initiative to compensate my plate (since I wasn't demolishing a steak).Now that's service! And, as far as the aforementioned service goes, they didn't make any comment about  my homeless hipster attire, and my wine glass was constantly filled (I had two or eleven glasses, I forget), so they get an A+ in my gradebook, with an extra star for enthusiasm.Overalls and pajamas, BOA Steakhouse ROCKS. Great food, fabulous vibe that can be as noisy or intimate as you want it to be depending on where you sit and when you come, and a bill that makes your mortgage payment look like a toy.Baby, you've come a long way.Oh, and no smoking inside, d!ckhead.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2013,3/8/2013,842,430,23,23,22>Another quaint little DTLA gem hidden within all the other viable options around town.I've been wanting to use the word quaint for a while.Industriel is one of those type of places that you'd love to visit but not sure about making a return. The food and decor of the place match. I love when things match. But for some reason, I get the feeling that the place won't be around too long so I urge you to give it a shot before this place goes anywhere. I really don't know how I can describe the food to you to get you intrigued but I definitely loved what I ate.Thanks to my superior vocabulary, I was only corrected on one of the things I ordered because I didn't know how to pronounce gnochhi. But however the fuck you say it, the cheese in that bitch was delicious. So don't be intimidated by the unique menu items, instead embrace it and try something different.Who knows, you may like it.As for the cocktail menu, I couldn't find anything so luckily they had an extensive beer and whiskey selection in case anyone in your party is on one of those liquid diets for cleansing.You know.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2012,3/7/2013,679,365,19,19,19>I have nothing to compare The Firing-Line to because it's my one and only experience with shooting thus far in life - but I must say that my two experiences here have been very pleasant. I felt like I was in good hands... and I kind of want to feel like the dudes with the guns know what they're doing.On top of not fearing for my life despite being surrounded by fire arms it was affordable, educational, the staff were super friendly, and I got the opportunity to wear protective eye and ear wear and shoot the shit out of a couple of paper dudes. I left feeling pretty damn badass. Who wouldn't pay a nominal fee to feel like Clint Eastwood for an hour?
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2013,3/6/2013,1259,718,14,24,23>4.5 stars!Holy wow bejeezus. I would have never known that a great tasting, low priced, excellent service'd restaurant would finally make its way to a kbbq joint in the 626. Sure, han yang is all right, but its not KTOWN. I came at 6:20 with a 1 hour wait for a table of 4...it was actually a shorter time and we went up a fancy elevator to an equally fancy, clean upper level. Our server was a very friendly, personable, waiter and he was always focused and on the job. Not once did I see him slacking or chatting with other employees...that is excellent dedication and service! Not only that, he was always watching out for us and making sure we got our food, our waters were filled, etc...true, it was harder to be as generous after the tables got really busy and we saw him running and scrambling, but for the most part...WOW!Our meats also all came out very quickly...seriously, our waiter walked off and BAM! What? Are you sure that's our order? The meats are all very well marinated...the chadol is a leaner cut, so go for bulgogi if you're wanting fattier stuff. The chicken was good too, especially the garlic chicken...There was not a single meat I did not enjoy (okay maybe the squid, but it's personal preference). Goodness, I'm drooling already just thinking about it...yea, definitely found my new spot for kbbq.Overall, DEFINITELY a spot to go if you live in 626...but for authentic korean-speaking locations, stick with Ktown spots and Moodaepo in Rowland Heights.
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/1/2013,3/5/2013,605,586,13,17,15>2011 was the year of the cupcake.   In 2012, the macaron became the new cupcake.  Yet most people I talk to still don't know what they are.  (Especially those of you who aren't from LA, SF, or NYC).  I'm not talking about the coconut cookies.  Put simply, a macaron consists of two meringue cookies, each with a crispy shell and chewy interior, that are linked together by flavored filling. It sounds simple, but it really isn't.  The best thing about macarons are with the unique flavors you could find.  If you want to try the best macarons locally, Paulette is the place for that.  My favorites are their caramel, their passion fruit, their chocolate, and their espresso macarons.  You could also find flavors like rose, pistachio, sweet wedding almond, and coconut.  Great macarons never sell flavor short.  Paulette sets the standard by infusing strong, distinct flavor into every cookie they make.  If you try their espresso macaron, its creme filling is exactly as strong as a sip of espresso - yet you never forget that you're eating a deliciously crispy, but chewy cookie.All of their macarons are worth trying. You could get a giftbox of 12 macarons for about $19, which is actually not that bad.  Because these cookies have so much flavor, I'm usually content with eating like 2-3 in a sitting.  However, I am truly the cookie monster.  Because I love these so much, I usually overdose by eating 5-6 and I end up curling up in a ball from the sugar high.The original Paulette's location is at Beverly Hills.  That's where all of their macarons are prepared.  Macarons are delivered to this location in Little Tokyo daily.  The only thing that stops me from coming more often is their hours. If you really want to wow someone with some cookies, you wont be disappointed here.  They're ridiculously flavorful, but if you see a box of them, you'll notice they're also pretty elegantly packaged.  If you can resist eating them, I think they're a great gift.  I'd love anyone that gave me this as a gift!  Just make sure you read the package about how to store these - they can be temperature sensitive.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,3/4/2013,478,150,16,30,23>It's TRUE! The famous taqueria has come to Echo Park! Tasty tacos! This  undoubtedly will be a big hit for this other Eastside! Initially, wanting to make sure, I decided to do a "drive by" on Sunset Blvd, making sure this new Guisados was indeed a reality, and not a figment of my imagination. I saw the familiar style building and suddenly got giddy inside. I saw silhouettes inside. (That must mean THEY'RE OPEN!) So, I made a U-turn and easily found street parking in front of the restaurant. When visiting, and if you decide to park on the street, be sure to look at the posted signs. When checking out the premises, I realized after the fact, that they have a small parking lot in the back/side. Duh! YES!!! They were OPEN!!!This trip served as an introduction. :)I ordered only one thing at this place--this time. I ordered the chicken mole poblano. And while I was waiting for my order, the owner, Armando, said "hello". Everyone was smiles. There were a few patrons, as this was their first day and were not very public about their opening. Believe me. I checked! I asked about their hours. They said they open at 10:30am and close at 10pm. But there is talk about their being open later. I got my taco, and let me tell you. It was the SAME wonderful succulent and sabroso goodness you'd expect from Guisados! I was in HEAVEN! I almost forgot about the lunch waiting for me at home! The tortilla was thick, delicate, and tender, and of course, the chicken mole was bursting with flavor! They have an inside eating area with several tables. And, they also have a patio area with more tables. I can imagine how great it will be to sit outside during spring and summer. It is very close to Dodger Stadium. With this in mind, I have no doubt that this place is going to make a killing during baseball season! Traffic will probably be problematic, too. But time will tell. Of course, if you're a local, you can ride your bike, skateboard, take public transit, or just walk here. :)True. There are other amazing taquerias in this part of town, and we are blessed because of them. However, now we're gonna be spoiled rotten with the addition of Guisados in Echo Park! Soooo glad this Guisados has come to my neck of the woods. I look forward to many visits here in the near future! And if you don't find this review to be "satisfecho", please read my other Guisados review:yelp.com/biz/guisados-lo…Gracias!
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/17/2012,3/3/2013,863,938,13,21,18>It feels like winter in LA with rain, chilly temps and snow on the faraway mountaintops. What better way to warm up than hot pot! Step 1: Order a base soup. There is a regular, mild, white-ish looking soup and then a spicy, red chili oil laden version. I suggest getting the best of both worlds and order half regular and half spicy. The restaurant can split the bowl with a partition. Since I like it spicy, I try to sit on the predominantly spicy soup side of the table. Step 2: Pick and choose meat, seafood, veggies, and drinks from a paper menu, checking off what you want to eat with a pen/pencil. It's almost like dim sum! My suggestion is to at least try the beef, lamb, pork, winter melon, fish balls, and enoki mushrooms. For those with big appetites, order double plates of meat. Be sure to order some beer, too. I love eating hot pot with an ice cold beer.Step 3: While waiting for the food to arrive, make your own dipping sauce. Mix it up however you like it to taste. I like to make a lot of sauce so I don't run out halfway through dinner. I love my sauces!Step 4: Cook, dip, eat, drink and be merry!The bill: With beer added, it was about $30 per person. Not too shabby considering we ordered at least two rounds of drinks.Stay warm and cozy over a meal of hot pot. It's great for large groups and fun for the kids.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/3/2013,3/2/2013,361,411,16,21,20>My friend and I came here for brunch last week, and it's an adorable little spot on Colorado across from Old Paseo.There are two locations. I prefer this one because it's bigger, brighter, and cleaner-looking. I tried the famous egg salad sandwich on rosemary currant, and my friend had the seared chicken sandwich. Both were delicious! The egg salad sandwich was so fresh, and the medium cooked eggs were definitely unique. The sweet currants with the sun dried tomato paste added a little extra punch. It's more filling than you'd think.My friend's seared chicken sandwich was also tasty and full of flavor.Sandwiches on weekdays are served starting from 11am, but pastries are available all morning.We really wanted some macarons too, but they ran out early. :( Next time!
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,3/1/2013,676,626,20,32,26>I'm very superstitious when it comes to New Year's Eve. Perhaps it is because I am always so desperate for the new year to be better than the last (I've had a tough few years). I tend to think that my evening is a metaphor for the way my upcoming year will "play out". If this is true, then my zen dinner at Clay Oven on New Year's Eve is an indication of a calming (and satisfying) 2013.Clay Oven is one of the many (and I stress 'many') eateries located on Ventura Blvd in Sherman Oaks. Seemingly casual and inconspicuous; Clay Oven reveals a classy establishment with beautiful dark wood carvings, Hindu statues, deep colors, spacious rooms, and spa-like calming music. Even the bathroom is beautiful. Long story short: Clay Oven is perfect for a casual meal or a romantic date without the up-tight vibe of some other Sherman Oaks restaurants. My boyfriend and I opted for an early (very early) dinner on New Year's Eve, having other plans in the evening. We made reservations for 4:45 (just in case other people were planning to eat early). Clay Oven instantly welcomed us on a first name basis and had a perfect booth waiting for us with a "RESERVED" sign. To say the least, we were off on a good note (although I must note that Clay Oven is a bit chilly for ladies dressed in skimpy attire). Priyansh, our waitress, was immediately an absolute doll and complimented our appearance for the evening. We began with a standard Mango Lassi ($3.95) to sip on while making our orders. Garnished with a cherry and an orange slice, the Lassi was terrific: not too thick or thin, with a great flavor and just the right amount of sweetness. It was guzzled down within seconds while nibbling on the complimentary papapdums with chutney. The Clay Oven offers "family-style" eating in beautiful hot pots. For our meal, we ordered Lamb Tikka Masala ($15.95), Saag Paneer ($12.95), Chicken Coconut Curry ($13.95) and Garlic Naan ($2.95). The only negative was the food prep time. However, I suppose the wait was worth it as the meal (when it finally arrived) was beautifully presented, consisted of huge portions (we shared everything and had a ton of leftovers), and was amazingly delicious. The Saag Paneer was the best Saag Paneer I've ever tasted with spiced spinach and tender cheese chunks (although it could have used more cheese). The Lamb Tikka Masala was a wonderful switch-up to standard chicken with a thick sauce, tender and moist lamb, and the perfect combination of spices. While the Chicken Coconut Curry warmed my stomach with its creamy, coconut base and chunks of soft chicken; I sopped up the sauce with the Garlic Naan which was flaky with crunchy edges and had just the right amount of garlic. The meal was extraordinary and some of the best Indian I've had.It should be noted that Clay Oven offers various levels of spiciness. Although I adore extreme spices, my boyfriend does not so we simply went with "spicy". Even this was enough to make his nose run and satisfy my spice cravings so be careful when choosing the spice level.Customer service was terrific the entire evening, as Priyansh took photos of us without complaint, gave us a New Year's Eve hat, and took back the Onion Kulcha ($3.95) which we didn't quite like without huffing and puffing. Clay Oven also offered all New Year's Eve diners small chutes of champagne on the house.If you are a big eater (or simply want to sample several plates); Clay Oven has a daily buffet M-F from 11:30am-3pm ($9.95) or a Sat-Sun Champagne Brunch (also 11:30-3) for $12.95. They also cater for your company events or parties.Overall, the Clay Oven doesn't disappoint with its beautiful interior, great ambiance, wonderful service, and delicious food/portions. Hopefully, these are metaphors for my upcoming year (but make sure to check them out no matter what time of year).
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,2/28/2013,638,255,24,25,20>------------------*Update* As of May 31, 2013, Julianne Cho no longer works here. She's moved to another salon. Message me and I can send you to her. ------------------While this review is listed under Chapman Plaza Hair Salon, the reason I go there is for one hair stylist in particular, Julianne. You see, Korean hair stylists are either paid on a commission basis or as contractors where they rent out a station at the hair salon. It's when you graduate from nOob status that they become the latter. Obviously, Julianne is the latter because she's quite the pro and her awesome skills are substantiated by the fact that I always get some extra loving from the wife after my visits. Definitely call in advance and make an appointment with her because she's in high demand, especially among men because she looks like a model. I would recommend weekdays because Saturdays are just cray cray! If you can't speak Korean, her English is pretty good so don't fret. Her hours are from 10:00 AM to 7:30 PM and her off days are Sunday and Monday. If it's your first time, when you walk in she will be on the left side of the salon. A typical hair cut for men costs $30 and includes two hair washes (before and after the cut) and a complimentary head massage with this weird massage device by her über nice assistant Ivy. Just remember to tell Ivy to massage your head softly if you have a sensitive scalp like I do or the ordeal will be a bit painful and you may start to think she should be called Poison Ivy. So here's a tip, tell her to massage your head "sal sal". I remember when I first met Julianne. At the time she was working at another hair salon called Hair Day at the Solair Building. You see, back then I was getting my hair cut by some other lady with a similar sounding name. I believe it was Marianne or Vivian or something. Thankfully, in a horrible lost-in-translation moment the owner lady mistook my request for Julianne and I guess you can say the rest is history. Furthermore, I never liked going to Hair Day because of that god-awful guest parking ramp for Solair which is definitely not SUV-friendly. On the flip side, Chapman Plaza Hair Salon has free parking depending on what time you go, and it's located in the Chapman Plaza so that after your hair cut you can walk on over for some Korean BBQ, karaoke, or drinks at one of the many adjoining establishments!One last thing I'd like to add is that when Julianne goes on vacation, she really is going on vacation. Unlike other Korean hair stylists who say they are going to Korea only to move to another hair salon or disappear off the face of the earth, Julianne always comes back. LOL. So if you want an amazing haircut by a beautiful woman then why wouldn't you book with Julianne? * Although credit cards are accepted, bring cash and you will get an extra smile!Picture of Julianne:yelp.com/biz_photos/chap…Business Card:yelp.com/biz_photos/chap…Interior of the Hair Salon:yelp.com/biz_photos/chap…
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2013,2/27/2013,782,622,18,26,23>I just came home from an amazing dinner and felt inspired to start typing away. Knowing I was a foodie, my friend wanted to introduce me to one of his favorite restaurants, Radhika. Radhika serves Indian cuisine with an amazing twist. I had an opportunity to chat with Karan, the owner and creator of the menu. His menu was created using knowledge he learned through his love for various cuisines yet not straying from using traditional spices that create Indian cuisine. Appetizer:-Vegetable Tempura (Pakora) - 5/5-Potato Samosa - 4/5-Garlic Naan - 5/5Entree:-Chicken Tikka Masala - 4.5/5-Malai Kofta - 5/5-Saag Paneer - 4.5/5Dessert:-Pistachio Kulfi - 5/5-Mango Kulfi - 5/5My two favorite dishes were the Vegetable Tempura and the Malai Kofta. WOW!!!!!! The Vegetable Tempura was AWESOME! It was nothing like Japanese tempura but it was amazing and the dipping sauce perfectly complimented it. My other favorite dish was the Malai Kofta and boy have I been missing out all these years. It's a vegetarian dish but even if you aren't a veggie person, this is a must try. It consists of squash, veggies, and cottage cheese rolled into a ball and simmered in broth consisting of almonds, cashews, raisins, and topped with various fresh berries. It may sound like a bunch of random ingredients thrown together but trust me when I say it works really well. Now on to dessert. This was my first time trying the traditional indian ice cream called Kulfi. We had the pistachio and mango flavor which came with fresh fruit and I give it two thumbs up. I am a huge fan of Indian cuisine and have been looking for something good in the LA area and I finally found my spot.  I've tried many places around LA and have had mediocre to disappointing experiences until tonight.  My sister who dislikes Indian cuisine because of the strong spices stated that she LOVED the Malai Kofta and would definitely go back to Radhika again...this is a huge statement coming from her!   The restaurant is located on the corner of Mission and Meridien directly across the street from the gold line metro station. Parking is free and plentiful in the area. If you haven't been to the downtown South Pasadena, it's worth checking out. The area is small but quaint with a handful of cute shops and of course you should check out Radhika which is open for both lunch and dinner.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/9/2012,2/26/2013,153,21,2,103,100>It's no secret North Hollywood is under going an urban face lift. With fedora appropriate bars and duel theatre cinemas playing Summer Blockbusters, the "No Ho Arts District" is in transition to something more than just hip. Located in the revamped "Magnolia Square" shopping center at the corner of Magnolia and Satsuma, Kansas City BBQ is poised to make a big splash. With a rustic yet clean environment, this place is like walking into a pop-up BBQ picnic near one of your in-laws that still lives in the mid-west. Handwritten in chalk, like most places around these parts, the menu slaps you right in the face. The sandwiches are big and hard to finish, even tho they have Sweet Potato fires, I prefer the big "Steak-Cut" fries that don't cost a $1 more. When here for diner, I prefer the Thin-Sliced Beef Brisket with Potato Salad and Baked beans, which seem to have little bits of tri-tip mixed right. BOMB. With a few Flatscreens in the upper corners, I 've gotten away with watching the Dodger game by request. The service is pretty quick, considering the chefs normally listen in as you place you order, just speak loud and clear and your food might be waiting for you by the time you fill up your BBQ and Ketchup cups at the nearby station. With an above average selection of beet on tap, it's a great place for a work lunch or a casual dinner while your lil' bro is in town. Adding to what North Hollywood is becoming, KC BBQ fits right in.I havn't yet dipped into the "Sports Bar" that is connected and has saloon doors leading into the place from Kansas City BBQ, but I do assume they are under the same owner. Might check this out soon, hoping they actually have a name along with a following.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2012,2/25/2013,971,448,45,49,44>My boyfriend and I had the enormous pleasure of attending a wedding ceremony and reception (congratulations, Mary and Matt!) at Carondelet House last month.The House itself is gorgeous, reminiscent of an Italian villa with fountains, exposed brick,  an open-air courtyard, and crazy vintage wallpaper with monkey-filled trees, and large enough to hold the two-hundred-or-so-I'm-just-guessing assembled guests. Parking is simple and inexpensive, what with the multi-level parking garage next door.The lone bartender working the open bar in the foyer was terrifically competent. It takes a special kind of person to make four hundred fifty pear and jalapeño margaritas to order in three hours; he was that kind of person. Kudos. The only downside? The rest of the service staff was less than efficient, taking the appetizer-style platters on the same service route with every plate, meaning that those near the kitchen ate everything before the servers made it to the back (front?) of the venue--at which point the servers would return to the kitchen, exchange platters, and then re-feed everyone near the kitchen. Thank god pear and jalapeño flavoring sort of count as food. But for this snafu (which could've been remedied by a mad dash toward near-the-kitchen on my part), the experience was lovely and Carondelet House even lovelier. Four stars!
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,2/24/2013,1661,660,51,44,31>Friend: "Where do you want to watch football?"Me: "I dunno man, this is your hood."Him: "How about that new place, Dames N Games?"Me: "Uhhh, as in the strip club?"Him: "It's a sports bar, it has 'Games' right in the name..."Me: "Don't bullshit me, it also says 'Dames'. Sundays are for cheering on football, not cheering on breasticles. "Him:  "Can't I do both? Let's just check it out, if it's annoying we'll bounce."Me: "Fine..."It turns out we were both right, the place really is a sports bar and a strip club. I was worried it was going to be a strip club with tiny TVs just so they could lure in the occasional sports fan, envisioning me bending my neck trying to see the TV over an ass shaking all up in my face. Not the case at all. It's pretty much 50/50, you can do whichever you want because the strip club section is separated from the sports bar. I can't really speak to the girls because I was in the sports bar watching Michael Vick get his ass kicked all over the field, but the sports bar was far better than I expected. Big TVs, lots of them, all over the walls. Good drinks, decent prices, couple of drink specials. I didn't eat, but they had a lot of food options.Will I be coming back here? Probably not, there are too many good true sports bars a lot closer to me, but I'm still not gonna hate on this place. The one pain in the ass was even though I wasn't *in* the strip club area I still had to deal with the announcer which gets pretty obnoxious if you're trying to focus on football. Instead of hearing the game all I could hear was shit like "Up next is the beautiful RAIN, RAIN, RAIN ON DECK, get ready for RAIN, time to make it RAIN on RAIN." Loud as fuck too. I mean I get it, they're calling her to the stage, but it was giving me a headache. The girls sometimes wandered into the sports bar to see if anyone wanted dances but they were not aggressive about it which I appreciated.It's spacious, clean, and the bar staff was friendly. They do what they do pretty well.  So there you have it. I'm a football purist, I can't take distractions, but if you like sports and scantily clad ladies at the same time then this is probably gonna be your jam.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2013,2/23/2013,1522,1094,36,36,30>My first review of the year is dedicated to Filipino food. Happy 2013.My pancit amor lovely like ice cream gourmetAdobo, some more, every night and every dayKusina amor, little restaurant that I adoreHappy when I walk inside the doorNow it is the time to dine(Stevie Wonder parody)youtube.com/watch?v=NW0Y…Yesterday I had my first Halo, sweet, mild crushed ice with ice cream, topped with green and golden taro on top and a cherry. At the bottom a mix of fruit including jack fruit set off the Halo. The Halo was very sweet at the top; moderate, milky and chill in the middle; thick, soft and gently crunchy at the bottom.For $4.89 I ordered a two item combo, service on a cafeteria tray and sat down, watched Filipino television and enjoyed lunch. The bistek was good, as a previous Yelp review mentioned, the food could be slightly warmer, but I enjoyed the bistek at that temperature. It had the seasoning I am used to in dishes featuring seasoned red meat at Filipino places. I give it 3.75 stars, but I am Mexican and no expert in Filipino food.The chicken skins were different than Lechon Manok, softer, not as salty, not as hot but a good flavor, great with the hot soup and white rice. The white rice itself was pleasant, thick and soft.The parking is a breeze, it is in one of the 4 striplets in the West Covina Filipino District. The service was great when I went for lunch, very informative too. Not a huge place, but they had room for like 15 to 20 people or so.Cheryl mentioned many of the other food items including Pancit, which ran out. They have breakfast on Saturday and Sunday which I am going to try soon. I am also coming back for the chicken adobo and the dish with ground beef and veggies I so love.This was my first experience, not sure whether the restaurant is a 3 or a 5 yet, but deserved at least a 4 on my first visit. So, when can I come back again, hopefully, very soon.Song parody of singer BabyFace's 1994 song "When Can I See You Again"youtube.com/watch?v=Ee9S…When can I come back againTo try pancit till it endsWhen the plates do start to flow overWill you start cooking againI feel the haloAnd I hope my review makes some senseSo when can I come back againWhen can I come back againWhen can I try the chickenWhen can I come back againAnd try some pancit once againAnd when can I come backHow soon does breakfast beginWhen I'll come down here againWhat if I fall for, your adoboCaldo, Lechon and DinuguanI feel the haloAnd I hope my review makes some senseSo when can I come backWhen can I come back againWhen can I try the chickenWhen can I come back againAnd try some pancit once againAnd when can I come back againI feel the haloAnd I hope my review makes some senseSo when can I come back againWhen can I come back againWhen can I try the chickenWhen can I come back againAnd try some pancit once againAnd when can I come back againWhen can I come back againWhen can I try the chickenWhen can I come back againAnd try some pancit once againAnd when can I come back again
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/18/2012,2/22/2013,1135,618,73,99,87>**********500TH REVIEW**********Situated in close proximity to a neglected neighborhood featuring century old spanish style homes and apartment complexes in dire need of attention, not to mention an oddly placed self car wash, party supply store, and pawn shop, the juxtaposition of Chef Michael Cimarusti's luxe fine dining establishment is stark. Whatever the surroundings may be, setting foot into Providence will remove those visions thanks to its posh milieu and amiable staff. Then there's the cuisine...A sound argument can be made when claiming that Providence produces some of the finest dishes in all of Southern California, having been validated by two highly coveted Michelin Stars. An avid fisher and connoisseur of seafood, Cimarusti daily seeks the freshest fish, crustaceans, and exotic seasonal ingredients, translating into a menu that is subject to frequent changes and innovation conceived by la brigade de cuisine.Palate-whetting amuse gueule (amuse bouche) generally serve their intended purpose but lately have been a little less imaginative. Served with a delightfully brittle salmon skin, the Sea Trout Mousse amuser is beyond enjoyable yet seemingly long in the tooth, as is a bite-sized Gruyere Cheese Puff. A mild tandem of Slushy Mojito Cube and Reverse Spherification Screwdriver have been succeeded by an extremely potent duo of Frozen Watermelon infused with Champagne and Frozen Grape infused with Gin & Chartreuse.tinyurl.com/rlew-prov1tinyurl.com/rlew-prov2tinyurl.com/rlew-prov3tinyurl.com/rlew-prov4Three highly advisable first courses to consider are: Grilled Wild Spanish Octopus; Scallop Ceviche; and the seasonal Live Halibut Sashimi. Each dish is revolutionary in their own right and frankly, impeccable. Enhance your meal with some pleasant Kumamoto Oysters. You'll become enamored by their sweet aromatics and appeal to their silky smooth texture.tinyurl.com/rlew-prov5tinyurl.com/rlew-prov6tinyurl.com/rlew-prov7Selecting seafood dishes at most restaurants is much like selecting a mate: While there are plenty of fish in the sea, you still have to be discriminant. Guess what? That doesn't apply because the candidates have already been narrowed down for you. If only dating were that easy! But I digress. A fantastic Wild Rouget de Roche (Red Mullet) with a mild, delicate, and slight sweet flavor is perfected by a variety of textures and ingredients such as haricot vert, mussels, bacon, and summer white beans. Seasoned fish eaters will fall hook, line, and sinker for an intensely sweet Japanese Ayu and its dense yet gentle flesh. Meanwhile, a recreational fish eater will appreciate a flaky moist Trap-caught Jumbo Wild Black Bass.tinyurl.com/rlew-prov8tinyurl.com/rlew-prov9tinyurl.com/rlew-prov10Contrary to popular opinion, Providence is not solely a pescatarian utopia. One simply cannot overlook a few hoofed and feathered dishes available perennially. A handsome Medium Rare Prime New York Steak will more than satisfy a devout carnivore, but if said carnivore dines "pinkies out," there's always the melt-in-your-mouth goodness of A5 Wagyu ($30 per ounce, minimum 3 ounces) best enjoyed Rare Plus or Medium Rare.tinyurl.com/rlew-prov12Fowl-Mouthed individuals will swear by Providence's Liberty Farms Duck Breast prepared Medium Rare, complimented by a spectacular crispy strip of duck skin. In a time passed, an all together succulent yet unapologetically crisp Brioche Bread Crumb Ball mixed with Duck Confit and filled with Foie Gras accompanied this dish...but you can thank Democratic Party Chairman John Burton and those quacks at PETA, et al for California's absurd statewide ban. Unless the ban is overturned or Providence exploits loopholes (with risk of fine), you might as well say, "Au Revoir, Foie Gras!" in California forever! Lamentably, your chance of ever capitalizing on the opportunity of experiencing a superlative Foie Gras Sauté served with partially dehydrated strawberries, black sesame, and green almonds is rather gaunt. Ditto for their mouthwatering Foie Gras Ravioli that used to make your eyes welt up with tears. Are you salivating yet? Consider emailing john@cadem.org and let him know you disapprove of his policies!tinyurl.com/rlew-prov11tinyurl.com/rlew-prov13tinyurl.com/rlew-prov14Dining options range from 3 Course Prix Fixe ($85/pp) to 16 Course Chef's Tasting Menu ($175/pp) with supplements and wine pairings available at a premium. Amazing as Providence's tasting menus may be, it is more advantageous to make a minimum of 4 Prix Fixe dining visits to obtain a better feel for what Cimarusti has to offer.Suitable for all occasions, Providence is highly recommended for special affairs, however, its seductive setting is suitable for amorous couples seeking to dine at a relaxed pace.Ratings:** Michelin Stars**** Tasting Menu***** Prix Fixe Menu***** ServiceAsk for Tavis...tell him Roland sent you!
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,2/21/2013,1437,651,20,32,23>Birthday Dinner Stop #1 . . . Yesterday it was raining cats, dogs, and knowing the way people in LA drive acid rain. However, that did not stop my boo from wanting to be romantic and take me out for a bite to eat. Vegas Seafood Buffet is at the end of his block and we decided to give it a try before going home to snuggle to movies.It was safe to say we were not the only ones with the birthday idea. Inside the restaurant there were plenty of other tables with birthday balloons, flowers, and celebrations. The dining room is a really nice area and while it is not overly fancy you can easily forget that you are eating on a small corner of Hollywood blvd.Being a weekend it was about $20/PP to eat for the night. Drinks were not included however alcohol was at a good price. Large Singha's were ~ $6 and small Singha's were ~ $5. They also had sake for around $8, wine by the bottle or by the glass, and a selection of sodas  with refills (including a "Roy Rogers" - what the heck is that?!). There was a large selection of food available including a Tepenyaki section, sushi section, Chinese food section, American food section, salads, desserts, and Brazilian food. Tyler headed straight for the Alaskan Crab legs and butter whereas I hit up the Chinese food. He enjoyed the sushi; but I am not a fan of that and preferred to munch on the coconut shrimp. They also had a selection of Asian soups. Some of the highlights included:Jalapeno boats (SPICCCCCCCCCCCY! Make sure you have water at your table!)Coconut Shrimp (SO good!)Spicy Orange Chicken (Had a wonderful crunch...I had thirds....maybe fourths!)The CHOCOLATE FOUNTAIN! (I seriously want one!!)Beef with BroccoliThe Creme Brule Make your own Fro-Yo! (Vanilla, Chocolate, Strawberry, Pistachio). The selection of cakes! You should have seen my dessert plates. Wanting to make the most of his money I had a good 5 plates of dessert (in my defense they're smaller plates!) Cream Cheese Wontons. Pumpkin Pie.Beer was a good price.The misses included:At the end he said that the crab legs weren't the best he's had. However he did eat quite a few of them. The rice with the raisins wasn't the best I'd ever had. There was too much going on. I like my rice with egg and peas.The Papaya and Strawberry cakes. They reminded me of cheap hostess cakes. I take cake VERY seriously! PEOPLE WHO CAN NOT CONTROL THEIR CHILDREN!!!  Seriously, little children should be seen and not heard and NOT running around the buffet room trying to stab their siblings with fucking chopsticks.......Service was attentive. Drinks were always replenished and my pile of shame platers were always removed when I came back carrying two more full plates. Overall it was a very nice birthday experience.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,2/20/2013,884,408,19,26,20>I really like this place. It's a low key venue, unpretentious, right below the freeway. Just the way I like it. What else makes it awesome, let me explain:(1) You can cook your own steak for $14. What a steal! The steak is actually pretty big too. It comes with salad, potato, and a bread roll. They have this eternal fire grill in the back and you just load up your meat and let it sizzle.(2) The waitresses are really nice. They call everyone "hun"(3) The drinks are cheap and there are always specials!
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/31/2012,2/19/2013,629,1325,11,26,19>I love this place. I come here for shows (some courtesy or Yelp! Thanks Yelp!). They are like the "other" Pantages. :D Broadway shows come here.PARKING:Easiest is underground and it can range from $9-15. So far, I always have gotten $9 - I come on weekdays. But when you're underground - OMG it's like a maze in there. They skip floors in each section, SO PLEASE REMEMBER WHERE YOU CAME FROM. THEATER:Honestly... this theater is smaller than the Pantages but still large. I sat in the back before and still was able to see it all. At the Pantages, if you're on the FAR RIGHT, good luck seeing one side of the stage :P Here... you can still see everything! :DI do prefer the front orchestra... but honestly, all of them are pretty good. FOOD/DRINKS:Of course, overpriced and cash only. They serve wine and such.BATHROOMS:If you're on the upperfloor, you have a bathroom on the top that is rarely used. WIN.The bottom floor people are screwed during intermission. ***Secrets out***AREA:The area around this theater is GORGEOUS. Photo ops! OVERALL:Good stuff :DCome see a show!
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2013,2/18/2013,802,369,21,27,26>We really felt the love from Puppy Love Pet Spa!T'was the day before Christmas and Bertram my miniature Schnauzer really needed to be groomed, other grooming parlors were closed, some are fully booked! We knew calling Puppy Love would be a long shot but we did anyway, as I suspected they were booked to the seams, however, the nice gentleman on the phone asked me what breed and how big is Bertram, after I explained to him that Bert is a Miniature Schnauzer and other details that I thought might be beneficial to get him in, he gladly said that they will try to accommodate him!Puppy Love Pet Spa has a very spacious shop, it is clean and offers a very open feel. Their shop is located in this tiny strip mall by Townsend and Colorado Blvd. Very convenient! After a few hours the nice gentleman called me to let me know that my boy had been groomed and good to come home......Wow! They did such an amazing job grooming him! Nails done, fur properly trimmed and looked very polished, his eyes looked clean and bright - An excellent grooming job worthy of a best in show!This was Bertram's first time at Puppy Love and I am very sure wouldn't be the last! Thank you Puppy Love and we will see you again soon for some quality pooch pampering!Four paws up!
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,2/17/2013,3365,753,30,30,24>I guess, technically I made all of the food that I ate here...so I'm giving myself 5 stars because I'm an attention whore and I need the reinforcement and I'm an arrogant bastard.In all seriousness though, the wife deserves the 5 stars because this was my belated valentine's day present and it was well worth the wait.  Culinary instruction for idiots like me alongside what seemed like an unlimited supply of sangria, bloody mary's and mimosas...to take my idiocy to new heights....no easy fete by the way.Immediately on arrival you can pour yourself a glass of sangria and practically make yourself at home.  Our specific class was "The Day After" brunch which was taught by our instructor Carina who went to Le Cordon Bleu in LA, worked at the cellar, botttega louie, blah, blah blah....she was amazing, that's all you need to know.  So fun yet professional and informative and like I said, amazing.After making a fresh pitcher of Bloody Mary's for the class we got some basic instruction on intro culinary skills...Here's an overview of the setup...yelp.com/biz_photos/RO8d…Here's my sous chef chopping some veggies for me because I'd probably already had too much sangria...yelp.com/biz_photos/RO8d…Which lead to us cooking up....SUN DRIED TOMATO, BASIL, SPINACH & ASIAGO CHEESE FRITTATASyelp.com/biz_photos/RO8d…The thick cut Niman Ranch Bacon made me smileyelp.com/biz_photos/RO8d…Next came the...POTATOES O ' BRIEN (and more BACON...of course)yelp.com/biz_photos/RO8d…Lastly...EGGS BENEDICT w/ HOLLANDAISEyelp.com/biz_photos/RO8d…It was all excellent, boozy, delicious, lots of fun, lots of leftovers and would highly recommend to anyone!Almost forgot, you also make CREPES SUZETTE for dessert!  I got to flambe' for the first time and left with both my eyebrows and all facial hair fully intact.  Quite frankly, I was shocked I didn't leave without seriously wounding myself or others with the various kitchen utensils.  What can I say?  I'm a lucky bastard.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,2/16/2013,507,712,22,28,28>~REVIEW 500~When I visited Berlin long ago I made it a point to visit the Kreuzberg neighborhood. This was because Kreuzberg is a hotbed for countercultural interests, such as punk rock. Kreuzberg is also a cool place because it is ethnically diverse. Great art, great music and great food!Imagine how nostalgic I got when one of the owners of Berlin Currywurst told me that they are from Kreuzberg! I would never have known this if the owner were not UBERfriendly! At one point of our meal he just stopped by our table and asked me whereabouts in Germany I had been. He remembered from our conversation at the counter that I had been there. The woman that took our order was very, very nice as well. She made it a point that we knew as much as possible about their offerings before we ordered so that we could make the best choice.The music here is great: they were playing Silversun pickups! There's cool black and white pictures on the wall. One of them is of the Berlin wall. The decor is truly stylish and gives the place an artsy university feel!The Paprikawurst was very tasty but too spicy for me. I also tried the Bratwurst with the Cajun sauce and it was too spicy for me. Mind you both were mild haha! I rarely brave spicy food unless it is really, really ridiculously good and well, trust me Berlin Currywurst is really, really ridiculously good! They make suggestions as to which sauce to put on the sausage you order. Indeed, they really care about your dining experience on so many levels. The fries here are really good and unique since they put onions on them. The German beers they serve here are truly awesome! So far I've tried two! Oh, and let it be known that they have vegetarian options!One thing you must know is that parking is difficult in this part of town. They have a lot behind the restaurant but it is often full. You will need to hunt for street parking if it is full. This can take a while and you may need to bring some hiking boots. Just kidding!Berlin is one of the coolest places on earth especially Kreuzberg and so is Los Angeles - especially Silverlake. It's great that the East of Los Angeles is rising and that Berlin Currywurst is part of that!
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,2/15/2013,964,598,37,41,37>This place is SWEET!  We were like kids in a candy store!  Actually, we were in a candy store!!We didn't know what we were getting ourselves into when we walked in here.  It is so cool!!!  We walked by after lunch at Chado & this was open so we decided to stroll in.  They didn't even have the Grand Opening yet so it was fun to see them still under construction.  There are lots more to come!!Here are a few highlights:Meet Willy Wonka in the Chocolate Factory area.  He was walking around, talking and taking pictures with everyone.  They also had so many different types of chocolates and truffles, it was hard to leave.... Make your own choc bar 2 for $14.  You get to choose the type of chocolate (white, milk or dark), choose your mix-in's, and they do the rest.  You even get to watch the whole process of the workers making the bars.  They had some cool mix-ins like bacon and marshmallow fluff.  They had some samples that were fun to try out.  The chocolates were good quality.  A little pricy, but a fun concept.They had Jelly Belly portraits of Marilyn Monroe and Harry Potter.  At first, I didn't believe it really was made of Jelly Bellys, but you can see the print on them.  Very cool!!  So many types of throw back items that we don't see anymore.  It brought back so many memories...  AhhhhIt is located on the 2nd Floor of the Hollywood and Highland Center near the Dolby Theatre (formerly Kodak Theatre).  Definitely check out the store, it is HHHHUUUGGGEEEEE!!!!!!  I couldn't believe how big it was and it wasn't even completed yet!
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,2/14/2013,311,551,19,28,25>Had the best experience here with the boyfriend. See what had happened was that about 2 years ago, my boyfriend had showed me the Magic Castle's website and began a long explanation of what it is all about. He wanted to go so badly but sadly, none of us could make it happen. And for the past 2 years, I've been trying to make it happen like any girlfriend would. Then one of my great Yelp friend, Phillip N. happened to check-in the month of my boyfriend's birthday this past month. I was so ecstatic when he helped me out and referred me to Nelson F. who was more than kind enough to send me a guest invitation.  Booking reservations is hard. Don't expect to get a Saturday night as it is booked until the end of the year. With the guest pass, we were required to dine in their restaurant but got two tickets to the main show. Being it was our first time, I didn't mind. Got reservation for 8PM on a Sunday night and our show time was for 10PM. One of the things I should note to first timers, try to go for a 6PM dinner. Most of the shows start at 7PM and later so dinner before you roam around will best allocate your time efficiently. I didn't know that so for an hour or so we were requesting songs to Irma and got a tour from a Knight by the name of Mike. He was unbelievably friendly and nice. Showed us around and explained about all the history of Magic Castle. Really made the visit more educational for my boyfriend and I. He also recommended that we see Helder Guimarães so the boyfriend and I got in line an hour before to guarantee a seat. Helder was funny and amazing. We got to sit front and center and my boyfriend was even chosen as the volunteer. While we were waiting, an older couple told us about Helder Guimarães and Derek DelGaudio and that we were in for a treat because it so happened, both of them were performing that night. After Helder the boyfriend and I went to dinner. Got salmon and Lobster tail. The overall dish was nice and worth the price. My boyfriend got the prime rib, full of fatty goodness and juicy meat. The mashed potato was also delicious. Service was great just like everywhere else in the castle. People here were extremely nice and it was appreciated as we really didn't know the norms of the castle. We dined right next to Mac King which was awesome. But that wasn't the best part. After dinner we skipped the main show and went to Derek DelGaudio per the couple's strong advice. So glad we did! He performed in the Close-Up Gallery which only seated 22 people and we were one of the firsts in line. Derek DelGaudio was also amazing and Helder was somewhat part of his act. We met some really cool magicians while waiting whom showed us some magic as well. After the two shows and dinner, it was getting late and it was a Sunday night. We were walking out of the gallery discussing about what a perfect night it was and how much fun we had when there stood NPH in the center of the room. Our jaws dropped. After speaking with the host and several knights, we were convinced NPH doesn't come often and when he does, you'll miss him by a hair. We accepted that we would most likely not see him. But there he stood. Looking as poise as he does on HIMYM. It was the cherry to the most perfect ice cream sundae ever. It was legen.... wait for it... DARY! $8 for valet. $20 admission. Say "Open sesame" to the owl to let you in. Feel free to walk everywhere and I do mean anywhere you want. I'm really looking forward to coming back again hopefully. The experience of the Magic Castle is truly magical. I cannot thank Phillip N. and Nelson F. enough. The boyfriend said it was the best birthday ever!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,2/13/2013,456,372,50,44,48>Can we pretend that the hot dogs and the burgers here are like shooting starsI could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right nowCan we pretend that the hot dogs and the burgers here are like shooting starsI could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right nowYeah!I could use a dream or a genie or a wishTo get me back to Dog Haus and to get a plastic dishWith a burger or a hot dog or some lovely tater totsThe prices here are cheap and the portions here are lotsI went here with a pal on an autumn Tuesday nightOur wives were out with friends, so we were looking for a biteOrdered burger each, and we split a hot dog tooA side of tater tots...that is all we would pursueAnd let me tell you now how the dinner did unfoldThe tater tots were slammin', little bright nuggets of goldCrunchy salty on the outside, hot and luscious on the insideWith the burgers what a nice side, elevatin' this umami rideFreiburger Frieburger on a King's Hawaiian bunfries, egg, cole slaw, and cheese, you are a special oneA Pittsburgh-style burger, it was a sandwich-faux-PrimantiFilled with cholesterol fat goodness, don't tell my diet-conscious auntieCan we pretend that the hot dogs and the burgers here are like shooting starsI could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right nowCan we pretend that the hot dogs and the burgers here are like shooting starsI could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right nowDon't have a tiger in my bathroom, and I'm not missing a toothBut we enjoyed Hangover burger at our metal picnic boothChili, bacon, mayo, egg, a wonderful mouth partyAfterwards I felt Mike Tyson was punching out my arteryHot dog with jalapenos was a nice contrasting treatBeef quality so-so, many other places beatCondiment bar awesome, got some cups of onions rawTo cut through all the grease, I learned this from my paFor all my friends who went in May, please give another chanceI think they've worked the kinks out, I'm going to start a BAD ROMANCEand be a frequent visitor here, the Yelp PAPARAZZI isn't here yetJUST DANCE on over here soon, it will be popular, I'll betCan we pretend that the hot dogs and the burgers here are like shooting starsI could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right nowCan we pretend that the hot dogs and the burgers here are like shooting starsI could really use a wish right now wish right now wish right now
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,2/12/2013,327,175,19,18,24>My FAVORITE local donuts, by far! I won't go anywhere else... They are always fresh and have a huge selection! BLUEBERRY DONUTS. They are so bomb from here, do yourself a favor and come early or call ahead of time to see if they have them because they sell those suckers fast! The croissants from here are also one of my favorites! I have been lucky many times and gotten them straight from their ovens!*Drooling*They also sell lotto tickets here and I love buying them from here! People win constantly and recently someone won $50, 000.. It's not me, but I wish!staff is also very friendly! Always with a smile and happy to serve you.
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,2/11/2013,479,347,10,12,12>I'm not a big fan of meat, but when I usually have a hankering for meat... I hit up Korea House on Colima in Rowland Heights. I have yet to find one that compares, but I think I have. Kogi King was just brilliant when we came for dinner.FOOD: We had so many different varieties... From brisket, beef belly, marinated short rib, to prime rib and a bunch of other stuff yelp.com/biz_photos/EuZi…. My favorite was the prime rib, the meat was tender when it was cooked and definitely flavorful, full of MEAT flavor that wasn't overly too much. YUM! The brisket comes a close second, right thiness and taste, but  little fatty in my opinion. I also really recommend the kimchi fried rice! Flavorful, with the perfect about of texture. It comes with an egg which was FABULOUS (I love eggs). It comes in a bento box and they shake the whole thing until it's completely mixed. It was really fun to watch. :) The kimchi and some kind of black vegetable makes for a great texture, plenty of crunch! It's tangy and savory, so if that matches your taste palette, definitely give it a whirl!SERVICE: Top. Notch. They were all super friendly to me and chatted with our table, brought whatever we wanted in a good amount of time. They even pointed which meat was the good ones to try so we got splendid recommendations. They were all smiles and laughter. My kind of people. ^_^AMBIANCE: Really cute. :D They have Halloween theme going on right now so webs and witches galore! Their restrooms had this painted versions of sticker figure boy and girl that was super adorable. They have leather booths outside for waiting patrons and very loungy entrance with bar chairs and stuff. Really geared and marketed towards the young crowd and they're open til 2 am~ ;) And they have valet to park your car, but if you come right when they're opening, the parking lot is free to patrons.Will come back if I'm ever drunk in the middle of the night or if I'm ever in the area!
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,2/10/2013,497,287,9,17,14>This place has been under my radar since the announcement of their new location a year ago. I finally got a chance to try it out during DineLA week. It was packed and we had to wait an extra 20 minutes after our RSVP. Diners in the front area sat at communal tables with a view of the open kitchen. Diners to the side sat on bar-like tables with robot figurines in glass cubes staring at you to let them free. Diners in the back had the most comfortable space with a huge backdrop of colorful graffiti. It's loud in here. Be prepared to use your what-speak-louder voices.We ordered:Albacore Ceviche: I expected this to be more traditionally prepared. Instead, this had nice slices of fresh albacore slightly wading in a sauce.Chicharron de Pollo: Again, I expected some deep fried chicken skin yum! This had more meat than expected and was more of a chicken nugget. It was still tasty though.Lomo Saltado: This was definitely a fusion version of the traditional dish. It had different spices that definitely kicked it up a notch. Even the rice was bursting with flavor. Choritos: LOVED. I ordered more bread to soak up the last of the sauce.Roasted Black Cod: Not bad but not a must try.Paella: This was good but I have to say I tasted better.Sol y Sombre & Chocolate Ganache Cookie: So good. I'm Grapey and I Know it Cocktail: Because of the name wiggle wiggle I'm a huge sucker for anything urban, quirky and Latin (my food that is). Mo-Chica, even before it opened its doors to the public, had me at hello.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/18/2012,2/9/2013,588,114,9,23,11>I'm a fan of Crystal Spa. But I only really go here when I get facials from Juni Lim - she is amazing. Great at what she does, super sweet and always makes me look and feel beautiful! If you're looking to get a facial definitely make an appointment w/ Juni, she's the only facialist I trust! She never tries to upsell me for just an expensive treatment either (which many other facialists have tried in the past) she only recommends what is necessary and good for me. I've even wanted to pay extra for a certain treatment and even though it was more expensive she said I shouldn't because it wasn't needed. If you do plan on getting a facial show up to the spa an hour and half before your appointment so you can enjoy the hot tub/steam room/dry rooms before you shower and head up (w/ clothes they provide you) to the facial. She's going to put a lot of great creams/treatments on your face that you shouldn't wash off right away. The facilities are a bit smaller than Wi Spa but I personally like it better because it's less crowded and no kids running around. So usually it's very peaceful and quiet - the way a spa should be. I like the food as well. It's catered from one of the nearby restaurants so it's really good. I've had the galbitang and ddukboki there. Also if you've never been to a Korean Spa - get a body scrub. It might freak you out because they really do "scrub" you down and get off all the dead cells on your body. It might hurt a little the first time but I still think it's something you should at least try once. You'll either love it or hate it, either way, you'll feel incredibly clean afterwards! And yes, everyone is naked in the spa except in the common area "ggimgil bang" where the dry rooms/eating area/facials are located.  In the common area you wear the shirt/shorts they provide you.  Have fun and stay clean~ hah!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/4/2012,2/8/2013,1076,572,28,17,22>HOT dude works here.  Like hot hot (I have no pics though).  I think he's delivery so you might have to dine-in and wait for a bit.But the stars are not for him. I really enjoyed the pizza and delicious garlic bread.  I like unique pizza and I loved their Thai one.  Plus, I love spicy food and they can make their pizza spicy!Venue-wise, it's a cute, small, dimly lit place.  Good for a casual date with emphasis on casual--the ones after the relationship is official and you both just throw on jeans to go out I imagine.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,2/7/2013,3694,383,11,22,15>Thank you, thank you, thank you!Michael, Nonee and the K12000 crew did an extremely legit job on my wedding. My wife and I were definitely pleased with their services and let me tell you, there was a lot going on.So let me tell you how this started... ...as soon as I was tasked with looking for caterers from the wifey, I hit up K12000 and we were soon on our way to a private tasting at the K12000 headquarters. Michael greeted us at the door and welcomed us with open arms and a congratulations! We were given a tour of the space and then seated. This is where Michael came through with an onslaught of appetizers ranging from vegan to vegetarian to carnivorous delicacies and they blew our minds!!! I seriously could've just had an appetizer platter for all of our guests and I'm sure they would've been blown away - but that's not my steeez - it's a formal occasion and things must be coursed out. Next Michael came through with the salads, sides and entrees and it was definitely hard to decipher which ones we like best because they were all so delicious! Post dinner, we briefly discussed the options and how their system works. Once that was over, it was the countdown to the big day...We had several meetings with the K12000 team and a meeting at the reception site and everyone was totally on board to make this event a smooth and memorable one. Their service was excellent and personable which made for better communication for the other vendors we had chose.THE BIG DAY.K12000 showed up on time in the wee hours of the morning ready to set up and prep for the big day. I on the other hand was blown away when I first stepped foot inside of the Vibiana because I had to do some posin' for the photographers. The behind the scenes of what goes on to put a wedding together was mind blowing! K12000 not only did our catering but they handled much more such as the beautiful dance floor, tables, chairs, dinner settings, ice and more... so I would highly recommend asking about the rest of their services because they are highly resourceful.During the cocktail hour, the K12000 team were rockin' their uniforms while expediting the delicious appetizers. How did I know they were delicious? Not only because I tried all of them prior but because each server would get swarmed by my guests and they wouldn't even be able to walk the full outdoors - Good Sign!!!During dinner, all that I kept on hearing our guests rave about was the BRAISED BEEF otherwise known as the Beef Cheeks! Completely licked clean from every platter at the wedding!!! All of the other dishes were just as good but the Beef Cheeks were the hit of the evening! I'm sure there is so much more that I could add but that's getting into the very fine details... ...all you have to know is this, once you're in their arms, they'll go above and beyond to take care of you - no joke! We had a blast working with you and you made our wedding a memorable one!Thank you once again Michael, Nonee & and the K12000 Team!HOLLA!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/17/2012,2/6/2013,792,80,17,24,22>I have tried for years to get on the real Amazing Race, even going so far as to bedazzle my submission envelope, but when no producer called, I knew I had to take matters into my own hands and go on the Amazing Los Angeles Race.Even though I've never been on the "real" show, I think this gives you a milder taste of what you could expect. I don't want to give away too much, in case the race doesn't change, but here were a few of my favorite highlights/tips/comments:1. It's an amazing workout! I was exhausted by the end of the day and went to bed around 8 pm. You end up running everywhere you go and with a smaller group of people, its easy to be one of the last groups. 2. Expect to discover a few places you've been been. I consider myself somewhat of an expert on the more obscure things to do in the city, but I was surprised to discover little pockets of the city that I would never bother to go to (e.i. firehouse, airport observation deck).3. It's in your favor to know geography and how to get around the city. 4. The value is great for the price. You get to try little activities here and there (eating challenges, massages, boating), which greatly add to the fun and make you feel like it was worth it. 5. Reread the clues if you just can't get something. We lost an hour trying to figure something out because I read it wrong the first time. This happened to probably almost all of the teams at least once and definitely dropped us down a few places at the end.6. Bring food in your car. I regret not bringing anything to eat since it lasted pretty much all day. If you debating where to take the plunge, please try this! It was such a fun and unique activity that I will always remember.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2012,2/5/2013,1168,209,22,30,27>Listen up you burger aficionados! Are you consistently victimized by false promises of "the best burger in town" only to be disappointed time and time again? Well, look no further because I'm here to tell you, Umami's "The Manly" is the light at the end of your never-ending search tunnel...The largely ground chunks of beef prepared medium rare, still red on the inside and dripping with juices....a thick slab of melted beer-cheddar cheese oozing out of every bite....a layer of sweet caramelized onions...and a generous load of beautifully crisp onion strings...OH! and how could I forget the bits of bacon lardons for an added smoky and salty flavor....All of these elements combined make for a mouthwatering food adventure I PROMISE you will love!If you've got calories to spare I HIGHLY recommend the cheesy tots....HOLY MOLY they are pillows of creamy, cheesy potato goodness!! Mmmmmm....I give this place a 5 star rating for food, 5 stars for service, 5 stars for decor/ambiance, but have to give it an overall rating of 4 stars for the price. My burger, tots and soda with tax and tip came to $24 bucks. A bit expensive for even an upscale burger dining experience but given I've found my favorite burger, I WILL be back!!!
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2012,2/4/2013,1235,545,18,30,19>At first, I didn't quite understand the whole concept of the dinner and show. You eat dinner on these giant beds and there's a show? Interesting. But now I totally get it and   I think it was a pretty cool experience. First off, we couldn't find it because it looks pretty unpretentious from the outside. Like others say, it looks like a rundown theater. When we finally found it we walked in not sure what to expect. We got free shots to start the night out with and everyone working there was really nice. I really appreciate that they ask and accomodate for dietary restrictions. I'm gluten sensitive but I didn't end up saying anything cause what if I missed out on something yummy? I'll deal with the consequences later!So dinner is served and I was so impressed with the quality of the food! It was a 4 course prix fixe and not one of the dishes disappointed me. First we had scallops (wait I mean scallop singular cause there was only one), butternut squash soup was divine, and this beef short rib, and finally bread pudding a la mode. So delicious. Of course service was perfect (they are charging you an arm and a leg to be there). Entertainment was just okay. It was all very random and kind of unorganized but maybe that's what they were going for. I am told that the dinner menu and show changes often so that's something to note.After dinner, it definitely started to get crowded cause it was clubbing time. Good crowd. Definitely an older crowed with money (early to mid 30s and more). Drinks are ridiculously expensive but that's to be expected. Music was awesome!!I would definitely come back again!
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,2/3/2013,414,207,34,36,33>Pinoy in da house!  Goldilocks owners have swished their way into the broths of Shabu Shabu with a dash of fusion flair and trendy purple.  For what it's worth, I think they are targeting the market of first-timers, business-like down-towners, and those of non-Asian persuasion who haven't experience more traditional boiling pots, and that's not such a bad thing!  So I think "The Melting Pot" crowd would enjoy Yojie's presentation.  For those familiar with Saladang in Pasadena - you'll know exactly what I mean, when I say:  Yojie is to Shabu-Shabu as Saladang is to Thai food.  I wasn't quite sure what to expect with this place since my fellow yelpers were all over the board on this place.  The look and feel is very refined, and a lot has been put into the overall presentation; from their website to their take-out menu - everything is very professionally done.  Interior shots:  - Trendy and purple (yelp.com/biz_photos/hhvl…)  - The artwork is dedicated to the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles - a subliminal message to the pinoys and pinays (yelp.com/biz_photos/hhvl…).We came for lunch and for the amount of meat and the lunch price, it was a pretty good deal.  Ordered the Geisha (5 oz of angus beef - the typical large lunch size) [$12], and the Sumo (12 oz of angus beef) [$17].  Even the meat was perfectly cut and presented.  Each piece was the same size and cut - which seems to imply pretty good quality control (yelp.com/biz_photos/hhvl…).  The angus slice sided toward the thick side, and the meat was very tender.  While only angus beef is offered here, the quality is there and holds its own.    - The Sumo (yelp.com/biz_photos/hhvl…)The ponzu sauce was a bit lacking, as the best is still offered by Shin Sen Gumi.  But the additional condiments (yelp.com/biz_photos/hhvl…) of green onions, radish, and chili oil sufficed in flavoring up the ponzu.  The peanut sesame sauce had a hint of ginger in the fold.   The veggies were napa cabbage, carrots, tofu, and (a first for me) American broccoli, and sliced white onions.  There were 3 different noodles - yam (shirataki), glass (harusame), and udon.    - The veggies and sauces (yelp.com/biz_photos/hhvl…)A yelp check-in will get you a free large hot plum sake.  Great deal as a large Sake is $7.  The service was great and very friendly.  However, we were the only ones in the restaurant at the time, so not sure if my perspective is the norm.They do have a large selection of desserts, but we were too stuffed to try the chocolate fondu - which looks very similar to The Melting Pot.There is free parking in the lot kitty-corner to the restaurant.  Just tell the attendant that you are eating at Yojie in exchange for a ticket, which will be validated by the restaurant.  Otherwise, metered-street parking in the area is 50 cents per hour.  I did sign up for their "The Swisher Society" card, which is $20, but you automatically get a $25 credit for your next meal, and 5 bucks back for every 100 points gained ($1 is 1 point).  Monday & Tuesdays are double point days, and you do get coupons and Birthday credits.  So I'm either a fan or very cheap.  You decide...  Shwing-abu!!
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,2/2/2013,377,492,13,13,14>It's time for an Update!  A Ri Rang has redeemed themselves!  I'm a fan =)  Good food and good service, Win Win! *Cold Buckwheat Noodles ($8.99)- chewy noodles in a tangy & sweet vinegary broth = tasty and refreshing!  I love the sweet asian pear, wished they gave more of it.  Corner Place is still better but this is a good alternative if you don't want to drive to K-town.    *Seafood Tofu Soup & Kalbi combo ($15.99)- Tofu = soft and silky, Soup = Flavorful & Hot.  They hooked it up with the seafood...clams and oysters galore!  The Kalbi didn't have one bit of fat...yes, All Meat and very tender!  Banchan: 9 different sides (fish cake, dried anchovies, kimchi, potato salad, cucumbers, seaweed, broccoli, white gelatin thingy and bean sprouts)...all were good!  Best thing: the servers didn't give you attitude when you asked for refills.  Service: Good!  The lady with the ponytail is so nice.  Always smiling! =D  Parking: plenty in the front and back.
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,2/1/2013,635,232,14,22,23>The first time I had the pleasure of trying Carmela Ice Cream was as a gift from a lovely client of mine, who got me cute samplings of a few of the flavors here, including the ever popular Salted Caramel. At the time I loved the ice cream but was totally unaware (whoever said ignorance is bliss was wrong!) that they had storefront shops. Fast forward to the present; I have another client in the San Marino area and after a quick Yelp Search of my bookmarks, imagine my delighted surprise to find good 'ol Carmela had popped up, cause I had a mean ice cream craving I'd been working on.I was easily able to find parking and walked into an empty shop on a Friday night, which was no shocker seeing as it had been raining all day. All the better for me! No lines, and more time to chat with the cute boy working there who offered me samples and great descriptions of the flavors.I ended up getting the Salted Caramel and the Brown Butter & Sage, both of which were fantastic. The caramel for the Salted Caramel flavor is made there in the shop, and you can definitely tell when you taste the rich, smooth, and perfectly creamy, but not overly sweet ice cream. It also has just a hint of the saltiness, which is great because so many places do the whole salted caramel thing with WAY too much salt. Not the case here. The Brown Butter & Sage was also very decadent - with the deep savory flavor of the butter and the earthy, floral hints of the sage, it was a very nice and unexpected combination. I got these two delicacies atop one of the best waffle cones I've ever had - perfectly crispy up top, slightly softer and warm around the bottom - in a word, FRESH! You'd be surprised how many places are ok with serving up old, stale cones. I also got a batch of the salted caramel cookies - slightly salty, wafer thin, but super soft and highly addicting. I'm sure they'd go great paired with a cup of coffee or with a dollop of ice cream sandwiched between them - which I believe is also offered here.All in all, super clean & cute shop, friendly (and pleasing to the eye ;p) service, yummy, scrumptious ice cream, and other tasty baked offerings. A definite must-try for ice-cream aficionados.
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/13/2012,1/31/2013,3695,1087,21,34,26>This place is sooo good. We started off with a few appetizers first : The prawn tofu wraps and the shrimp rolls. The prawn tofu wraps are ridiculous. The tofu skin absorbs all this amazing juice from the sauce and the prawn inside is very tasty. The shrimp rolls were not as amazing but they were still good. They were these dinky little egg rolls (the size of crayons) but they were really crispy. I am a huge fan of the dipping suace that came with these bad boys. I also ordered the vegetarian soba in mushroom broth that really hit the spot. The soba noodles were perfect and the broth was really flavorful. It came out piping hot and was perfect for cold weather. Their lemonade and jasmine tea is also really tasty. They both come unsweetened but they offer simple syrup on the side so you can adjust your sweetness to your preference. I can't wait to come back to try their pasta dish.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,1/30/2013,2495,2210,19,25,25>Yes!  You guys!  I finally tried Din Tai Fung!  It's been on my radar for years, but I never got around to going despite really wanting to go for a long time.  It was a big old hole in my L.A. restaurant experience, in the shape of a fat porky xiao long bao.June K. and I went for an early Friday lunch two weeks ago, when she had a day off.  We showed up right at opening, and though there were a couple big parties waiting ahead of us, we were seated right away.  I liked the casual space.  It was fairly nondescript, but clean and relaxing, and from the entrance we watched several people fold fresh dumplings in the kitchen.The place got very busy very fast, and when we left after noon there was a long line waiting outside.  Despite all this, service was excellent.  I was surprised and grateful.  Several people checked in with us at various times, making sure we were good with water and ginger, and that our food had come as expected.  The food came out quickly but not all at once, which was good - those dumplings are best served hot.We got two orders of juicy pork dumplings, one order of shrimp and green melon dumplings, then the bean curd and seaweed appetizer, spicy noodles, steamed bok choy, and rice cake with chicken.  For dessert, we split a red bean dumpling.  It was a lot of food, but we did well.  We had some leftover appetizer, bok choy, and rice cake, which we split into take-out boxes and enjoyed later in the week.  The leftovers heated up beautifully.The food was great, and the famed soup dumplings were definitely the highlight.  These were tiny bite-sized dumplings.  They came ten to an order, and we were right to get two orders.  The dumplings were fantastic.  The skins were substantial but never thick or doughy, and the juicy pork nuggets and melted soup inside were rich with lingering meaty flavor.  I punctured each dumpling with a chopstick while it rested on my spoon - this let the insides cool so they wouldn't burn my mouth (I've learned this happens very easily if you're not careful) while capturing all of the leaky soup.  I then topped up with a little bit of ginger mixed with chili sauce, soy sauce, and vinegar.  Delicious.  Definitely some of the best I've ever had.The rest of the food was solid, if not on the same level as the xiao long bao.  The shrimp and green melon dumplings were nice, with snappy shrimp and a good firm rindy texture to the melon, which wasn't sweet at all.  I also enjoyed the bean curd and seaweed appetizer, which was sort of like a seaweed salad with a lot of sprouts and bean curd mixed in.  It was a cold dish with a vinegary dressing that I liked a lot.  It was equally good straight out of the fridge.  My favorite dish other than the soup dumplings was the spicy noodles.  These were wonderful thin chewy noodles that came in a pile topped with chopped scallions over a red sauce, which we mixed in ourselves.  The noodles were delightful, and I loved that sauce - it was spicy and complex, with a hearty undercurrent of the kind of warm spices I associate with Indian food.  In the future I might skip the bok choy and rice cake, but these were great too.  The steamed bok choy added an illusion of health to our meal, and I liked the rice cake, which had a mild soy sauce flavor profile.  It was a good alternative to a chicken chow fun.  It reheated well and tasted better with sriracha.  The dessert dumpling was a nice way to end our hefty meal.  The red bean filling was a sweet thick paste, and the dumpling outside was fluffy with a good amount of chew.I'm really happy I checked Din Tai Fung off my list, and I fully intend to go back again to pig out on more pork dumplings.  I'm thankful to June for getting me to go, and I want to dedicate this silly Yelp review to June, her sister Jane, and her new niece Annalise, who should be sharing our oxygen any minute now.  Congratulations you guys!  You're the best.  Soup dumplings for all, except the baby.
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/5/2012,1/29/2013,685,98,21,26,26>So this update is LOOONG overdue. After the misfortune of having THE WORST possible experience with them, the owner/manager DID reconcile things with me and offered free drinks for the entire family whenever we decided to come back. That was awesome, but I really wanted to come in and not get any special treatment that they might have given me to make up for the last time. I wanted it to be a genuine experience that I could Yelp about. I decided to come back to give them another shot. The Factory Tea Bar Hoedown:-Factory Milk Tea with Boba: The tea flavor was pretty superb ! I love being able to taste the tea in my milk teas, and you could definitely taste it here ! I also love the texture of the boba here. I usually don't get it at other places because it's usually too soft for my liking. At FTB, the boba just springs back against your teeth. The perfect boba texture (:- Nom Nom Green Tea: I have NO IDEA what they put in here, but it is INDEED NOMMM ! I get mine 1/2 sweet and ever sip is like a a river of Asian goodness swishing over your tastebuds ! To give your tastebuds an even better time, add some red bean and pudding to your Nom Nom !- FTB Brick Toast with Milo and Condensed Milk: The toast was pretty good here ! I like it a lot better at Guppy House though ! They toast theirs with other flavors and let the sugars caramelize on the actual toast. But I mean, this is just a different take on Brick Toast ! It was still pretty tasty overall. Except, the Vanilla Ice Cream kinda tasted like Egg Ice Cream to me, which was pretty weird. Maybe I read the menu wrong and it is indeed supposed to be Egg Ice Cream?The ambience at this place is pretty nice. They have comfy sofas with pillows to sit on and a nice little music corner for people to sing or play instruments. The only problem I would have is the HS rush hour they seem to draw from around 3PM till they close. It gets a tad annoying when you are there trying to relax or do work. Also ! They don't take card ): BOOOO.
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,1/28/2013,2858,814,18,36,24>I can't even quantify how impressed I was with Wang Cho in terms of ambiance, service, food -- everything was stellar, and more than what I expected.Backstory, I literally drove past and eyeballed this spot numerous times hoping for an "open" sign, a lot of cars, just any indication that this place was ready to feed my korean-bbq deprived belly. I am a sucker for all you can eat anything at a decent price. For a few members of my crossfit gym, this would be their first KBBQ experience. I generally end up orchestrating group dinners because I get to pick the spot. More often than not, the turn out is positive. Anyway, upon entry, we all noticed how swanky...no no, SHWAAANKKYY this spot looked. The red/ black/ grey interior almost masked the smoky meaty smell all KBBQ's are infamous for.. It definitely didn't look like your run of the mill KBBQ place. We were warmly greeted by the hostess who seated us promptly. The menu was easy to figure out. 19.99 or 25.99 and there were A LOT of choices on both menus.  They even offered CA rolls in addition to their banchan.  I don't usually eat all the banchan, but the noodles, potato salad, veggies were a great break to all the meat. Meat? Oh yeah. Brisket, bulgogi, pork belly, marinated all sorts of things, DELICIOUS. Service was on point. Several servers frequently checked on us to make sure we were satisfied and took care of our needs. They even brought us a round of shots on the house - nice touch, Wang Cho.At the end of the night, everyone had a fantastic experience, yes even those foreign to KBBQ.Bravo Wang Cho. We'll be back for sure.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2012,1/27/2013,718,358,11,15,17>Don't look for any signs with Jin Yuan when you get here because you won't find it. Instead, you'll find four letters in Chinese. The Pork Chop Rice is the staple at this restaurant. 'Pork chop' is even in the name of this place! It's not breaded, but fried....so deliciously good. The dish comes with two small sides with veggies and tofu mix, comes up to about $8. There's plenty of parking at this plaza. If you see Smart and Finals and Starbucks, you are in the right plaza. It's mostly a self serve restaurant with water and tea, register area.The workers here are also somewhat limited in English, so it'll be best just to get the menu and start ordering.  PS CASH ONLY.-Taiwanese Restaurant-
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,1/26/2013,4161,1558,19,32,28>50% discount offer with Yelp check in.  It also has a facebook check in offer.Taza is a quaint coffee house nestled in Arcadia, within minutes from the Santa Anita Westfield Shopping Center.  It shares its parking entrance with Yong Dong, a neighboring Korean restaurant.  There's also street parking.Taza is for serious coffee connoisseurs.  The waffles are actually from Belgium.  I tried the vanilla, cinnamon and ganache waffles.  They were all very light fares as opposed to heavily sweet, overpowering flavors.Sonny and Ada are such warm people.  Sonny's knowledge of coffee is nothing short of impressive.  I tried the Vietnamese coffee warmly named Arcadia to represent.  I also tried the siphoned coffee.  To my amazement, both were not bitter as I had imagined.  They were smooth and full of complex jigsaw.  Taza is a great date spot as well as a comfortable place to lounge.  I absolutely felt completely welcomed here.  Barrista Nick did a fabulous job. Free wifi access.
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,1/25/2013,482,235,19,30,25>Who woulda thunk that Polish food was a like a Snuggie and a warm cup of frothy cocoa on a cold day? I certainly didn't and had zero point of reference for Polish until last week's date night at Polka Polish in Eagle Rock.Located in a strip mall that's seen better days, I was totally skeptical...until I walked in. You're instantly transported to your Polish grandmother's living room. Doilies, lace tablecloths, ceramic chotskies, heavy embroidered drapes and family photos all glow under 1920s Tiffany-style table lamps.The only other restaurant that makes me feel like I'm in another country is Eagle Rock's Cafe Beaujolais. And now, I can stamp my virtual passport with a trip to Poland. Ambiance is everything here and as instrumental as the food and fantastic service. "I love this place already," I told my husband. "Bring on the pierogis!"As this was our first time in Poland, we got a bit of everything. We started with an order of beef pierogis, sort of a glorified chewy pasta dumpling stuffed with minced seasoned beef. There was also a delightful spinach soup with a clean, savory broth and an entire grilled kielbasa covered in grilled onions--both of which were on the house.Now to the main attraction. I should point out that nearly everything on the menu consists of two main elements: meat and potatoes. Then there's a third wildcard element of heaping ladles of gravy.Remember what Bourdain said about the simplest food being the hardest to execute well? Polka literally left me dumbfounded by the excellence of their humble grilled chicken plate called Kura. This is hands down one of the best dishes I've had in recent memory. No skin? It's okay, the skin is grilled to a crispy nirvana that manages to maintain all it's moisture and flavor.As if that wasn't great enough, the plate comes complete with an ice-cream scooper mound of whipped mashed potatoes, decorative veggies and the aforementioned gravy boat. It goes without saying that my jeans were not as grateful as I was for the delicious, heart-warming, if not clogging, meal.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2012,1/24/2013,72,446,34,34,33>Give me a S...give me a T...forget the E and the A...now give me a K...so now we have STK!  A friend of mine surprised me and brought me here for my birthday!  After the hostess confirmed our reservation, we were on our way to dine with the see-and-be-seen crowd.  I had to refrain from dancing as we walked to our table, because STK had a nice blend of music playing through their nice sound system.  This restaurant is modern, lively and, despite the hip vibe, STK has a touch of elegance.  My only issue with the dining area is the closeness of some of the tables.  Our table was so close to the next table, I felt like we were joining another party.  At any rate, the quality and taste of the food overshadowed the closeness of the tables.  For starters, my friend ordered a Chopped Salad, which was undoubtedly fresh, and all devoured.  I opted for the Scallops, and these three scallops were so flavorful, leaving me to believe my main entrée will be impressive.  For entrées, my friend chose the Filet, and I selected the Beef Short Ribs.  Before selecting the short ribs, I jokingly informed the waiter to bring me the Dinner Special, which was a Filet Mignon at $24 per ounce.  My friend immediately looked at me and whispered, "Tony that will be almost $250.00".  Hey, sometimes its fun to joke with friends, even on your birthday!  Anyway, our entrées were fantastic!  Can you say tender?!  My beef short ribs were so good and tender it may make a vegetarian revert to eating meat again.  In addition, we ordered asparagus and mashed potatoes with lobster for sides.  Those mashed potatoes with lobster were some of the best mashed potatoes I've ever had.  STK has some good food!My, my, my, we were stuffed after eating all that good food.  The servers were good, but not as good as the food.  Our waiter was hit-and-miss, but did a fairly good job.  The ambiance is nice, but the music could probably be a little lower, as some diners hate to speak loudly during dinner.  No doubt, I'd be glad to eat again at STK on any given day!
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2012,1/23/2013,354,182,34,38,35>A polleria in the middle of La Puente? Say wha?!  And, it's clean?! Say WHA WHA?! This place hasn't been open long (located next to the hooker motel), so get all your chicken needs before the crowds come in.  Whole chickens (head and feet included; all varieties), quarters, wings, feet, thighs, gizzards, and eggs are on the current menu.  Shelves are mostly empty at the moment, but I'm sure, when business picks up they might start selling other birds and products. yelp.com/biz_photos/wing…yelp.com/biz_photos/wing…yelp.com/biz_photos/wing…Most of their chicken pieces are butchered in house.  There are times that they run out of chicken parts so they take the whole chickens and butcher it right there.  It's quite a waste to butcher a nicely prepared whole chicken, but that's where the customer service is at!  yelp.com/biz_photos/wing…Speaking of customer service, there's this lovely Latina working there along with the owner (who is Vietnamese Chinese) and she can speak Cantonese on top of her Spanish and English.  It's pretty trippy, but you have to give her props for that! yelp.com/biz_photos/wing…Wing Lee is also very clean, possibly because there aren't a lot of foot traffic.  But, nonetheless, clean and not funky smelling.  You can also see everything behind the glass wall which is awesome! You can even see plastic covered machinery which means less contamination!! WOOHOO!! Overall, 5 stars for chicken convenience, great customer service, and cleanliness. The only place Wing Lee can be compared to is C.A.L. Poultry in Rosemead, and despite the lack of  selections like that of C.A.L. it still satisfies my chicken and cleanliness needs.  Happy chicken shopping my friends!! =] Cash, Credit, Debit, and EBT are accepted.
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,1/22/2013,395,221,13,14,10>Been to this location and the one on Melrose. The Chicken milanesa is off the freakin chain. Not one, but Two Chainzzz.  Crispy, breaded, protein goodness. Wash it all down with a pitcher of red and white sangria and it's a wrap. If you want to go cray, order the flan. Creamy and smooth as hell with just the right amount of caramelization.The  service can be hit or miss and the parking situation sucks, but the flan, sangria and the milanesa keep me coming back.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,1/21/2013,530,387,18,23,19>Definitely a fan of Brian's.  Not the cheapest on the block, but the prices are still reasonable.I was really impressed when they were able to remove a giant beer stain from one of my off white dress shirts.  I was pretty sure that the shirt was a gonner after some meathead at the bar bumped into me and spilled my stout down my front side.I figured, why not give it a chance and dropped the shirt off expecting the stain to still be somewhat visible.  A few days later, the shirt was saved and gone was any evidence of spillage.I've never had a problem after four years of using them.  A definite recommendation for anyone needing drying cleaning in Pasadena.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2012,1/19/2013,2234,455,50,54,52>3 words:MIND YA BUSINESS youtube.com/watch?v=bBVB…Take 5 hours of your day to do absolutely nothing, then sweat and be naked. You deserve it!If you're not familiar with Korean-style spas (aka jjimjilbang), they were once known as public bath rooms, but now the focus is on co-ed sweat rooms to mainly to get rid every ounce of sweat and dirt from your pores. Wi Spa provides uniform shorts and shirts, so you can blend in with the sweating mass.The best part about this place is that there's a cafe located on the floor of all the spa rooms, so sweating and pigging out are interchangeable. Sweating, are you? Let's eat some shaved ice!Clay room (my fav), pink salt room, hot sauna = sweat sweat sweatIce room = "chill" out... ha ha ha.Common middle area = mats are provided, you can nap, the floors are heated, free wi-fi.Then after you release your toxins, you head over to the the bath portion (different floor). There's a hot pool, cold pool, sauna, shower stalls, then vanity mirrors where you could take your sweet time getting ready for the rest of your day. The bath portion alone is $15. Also, you have to be naked. If you're not naked, you may be mistaken for being a worker. So um, mind ya business
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2012,1/18/2013,2022,408,13,22,22>My first impression was, "We get first dibs on their new opening at the Kodak Theatre (now the Dolby Theatre)! 50% off on Goldstar, score."Yes, the first impression was pretty exciting, but when we got there, our seats were upgraded to the bottom floor.  Who could ask for more? We did get luck though only because we went at the very beginning when IRIS just moved in, before everyone else in LA realized how AMAZING this show was.Never to regret going to a Cirque show, I can say that IRIS was definitely one of my favorite ones, alongside OVO at the Santa Monica Pier. You will be amazed and wow-ed by all the cool things that these acrobats can do. Alongside the crazy non-human skills that they have, IRIS is worth attending because of all the cool digital and stage effects that they included in this story of the history of Hollywood. You'll be saying, "How did they do that?" a million times before the end of the show.Yes, the traffic is crazy in Hollywood, as the Dolby Theatre is on Hollywood and Highland, but trust me, IRIS is worth it! What counts more as "experiencing LA" than going where the Hollywood celebrities go for their Academy Awards, the venue that's hosted Miss USA pageants, and the American Idol finales? Half the time I was worried for the people doing all these dangerous moves (scare/anxious factor) then when they actually aced the move (relief/amazed factor) I was floored.The lasting impression? "Definitely go watch, but don't try these moves at home."
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,1/17/2013,4339,292,46,30,30>25 Degrees is a swanky, hyped-up burger joint at the Roosevelt Hotel in Hollywood.  The Mrs. and I came here for a quick bite and LOTS of drinks (at least for me) before going to Grauman's to see Katy Perry's movie (stop laughing!).  This is why I had to load up on alcohol because no self-respecting man would ever see that fuckery sober!   We ordered the #1 and #2 burgers with a side of garlic aioli (a must).  Both burgers were VERY juicy and tasty.  I'd give the slight edge to burger #1 just because it came with bacon but both burgers are definitely SOLID!Cocktails are $12 but they are pretty strong (perfect for reaching my goal above) and the wine was good at about $9 a glass.  Service was friendly and fast and I would definitely recommend a reservation on the weekends during dinner time.  The place is kinda small and it gets pretty packed.  However I wouldn't recommend the movie unless you want your eyes and ears to file a lawsuit against you!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,1/16/2013,920,518,37,47,45>Last weekend a private event brought me here to celebrate a friend. Bonus, it renewed my intrigue with El Cid's rich history. While sitting at dusk on the patio, sipping a most amazing sangria, looking to the treetops, waxing moon rising, I couldn't help but wonder if D. W. Griffith, who built El Cid in 1905, à la 16th century Spanish tavern, was looking down... A buffet menu was created exclusively for this party - guacamole, salsa, housemade tortilla chips (said, most delicious chips are served with El Cid's Ceviche elcidla.com/menu) plus pork, beef, chicken and vegetable tacos. Proteins were each distinctly seasoned, especially the pork and beef, as tender as if cooked sous vide. Veggies added to my chicken taco, perhaps not traditional, were appropriately fresh, al dente.  Waitrons and staff were seamlessly spot on. So was the valet attendant. If memory serves, parking costs $10 but oh so worth it (do tip generously).         Years ago (pre-Yelp) I came for the Flamenco and I must say, El Cid's character, atmosphere remains the same. What has changed is the management, for the good voiceplaces.com/el-cid-l…Yay, I'm a fan, 4.5 stars! I'll be back for more Flamenco, and perhaps some dinner theater, comedy or live music.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2012,1/15/2013,115,174,40,53,49>I love the Pantages Theatre! I've seen The Phantom of the Opera at this venue twice, Cats here once, and Wicked here once. All top-notch musicals. Located smack dab on Hollywood Blvd, the Pantages Theatre will certainly catch your eye. Opened since 1930, it is one of the greatest landmarks of Hollywood and one of Los Angeles' leading homes of live theatre. The five highest-grossing weeks in L.A.'s theatrical history were all shows at the Pantages. It is a beautiful theatre designed with Art Deco architectural style. Also used to be a movie theater. Plus, the Academy Awards were even hosted here for 10 years way back in the day. Many TV shows, movies, music videos, were filmed here as well!Inside the theatre:*The theatre in itself is very spacious and large with seating capacity of 2703. *There is a large concession stand in the main lobby. *Souvenir stand catering to whatever broadway show you're watching. They usually sell T-shirts, CDs, keychains etc..*A full bar is available in the lower alcove on the west end of the main lobby. The drinks aren't all that great though. *No cameras or recording during the performances! But it's okay, this is the time to just immerse yourself into another world of theatrical excellence and forget everything.*The restrooms always have long lines. They're clean at least!*Most people that come here have dressy attire but not overly crazy formal. Rarely do I ever see people wear jeans.*The seats are okay. They're fold-down seats so just be careful sitting down. Don't carry too many things or else you'll plop down pretty hard.Depending on what show you see and where your seats are located, the ticket prices can be expensive. The tickets I got ranged from $75-$122. I even got front row once (got a super clear view of Raoul and the Phantom). Most of the time I'm usually in Orchestra Zone B Center, which is a pretty decent view. Once you watch the shows, the prices don't even matter anymore because it's just worth it. In regards to musicals that are shown here, the performances are just fantastic with songs that blow me away! (somehow I've been blown back to write this review) It's been two years since I've been but the performances and songs stay with me forever.By the way, it is better to purchase tickets at the box office. I did months in advance. I've always preferred that to Ticketmaster because at least I can choose my seats and they don't give me a timer!Always a wonderful experience at this beautiful theatre! I'd definitely be back here to see another musical!
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,1/14/2013,1443,479,13,17,17>In a world where you are surrounded by burgers, burritos, pizza, buffalo wings, and other processed "foods" I have to give this place 4 stars for trying to entice all the fatties in for a healthier meal option. Seriously, this place is neighbored by Islands, The Habit Burger Grill, BJ's, TGIF's, Starbucks, and Chili's. I had the Mahi-Mahi plate with hummus, pita bread, and grilled zucchini. I went with the lemon seasoning and it comes out drizzled with a light creamy sauce. The zucchini still had a little crisp to it and everything had balanced flavors. Nothing was overdressed or seasoned. The presentation looked really clean. Not just slopped onto the plate like most places do. Mom had the fried combo platter. Shrimp are big and plump. Calamari was tender and came in large chunks. Fish was moist. I did like the light, crisp batter they used. It wasn't like having to peel open a present on Christmas day to find the actual food underneath. I mainly preferred the fish. I'd opt for just the straight fish n' chips if in the mood for something fried. The fries are thin, but cooked well so it doesn't matter. Nice job keeping the oil in the kitchen fresh!I've seen much better condiment bars. Takes away a little bit from a cohesive concept having to order at the register before sitting. I know other places do it and it seems to work, but here it just feels unorthodox. Sure, there are much better seafood options out there, but for the convenience inland and the price you can't really go wrong. Parking: Large private lot
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,1/13/2013,376,194,16,21,18>There aren't too many good American BBQ places around the Pasadena area, so I'm glad Gus's is around!  I've been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner.  They also have a bar area in the back with a couple TVs around.  This place is busy almost all the time, but more so lunch and even more so during dinner time.  If you're ever coming for dinner Friday or Saturday night, make a reservation and you'll drastically cut down on wait time.  Since they serve drinks here, many people just sit around and chat after their meals, so the table turnover rate is a little bit slow.  For breakfast, they have the typical breakfast items.  Pancakes, waffles, eggs, sausages, bacon, toast, omelets, etc.  Note that they only serve breakfast on weekends.  I've tried the Eggs Benedict here and it was alright.  I've had better at plenty of other places around Gus's.  Nonetheless, they have a decent breakfast menu, but of course you can also order non-breakfast items from the other menu.  For lunch and dinner, there's a wide variety of sandwiches, burgers, and southern food.  I haven't tried their sandwiches but their burgers are great.  It's big enough to make you overeat since it also comes with two sides of your choice.  I do have to suggest to avoid the sweet potato fries though, since its always way overcooked.  For the ribs, both their St. Louis Spare Ribs and Memphis Style Baby Back Ribs are fantastic.  If you do order ribs, add $5 more and get the full rack and eat the rest for lunch the next day!  Their ribs are a little bit dry, but they give you plenty of BBQ sauces on the table.  Appetizer recommendations would be the Pulled Pork Nachos and the Cast Iron Cornbread.  Note that the nachos is BIG.  Most nachos get all soggy after sitting a while, but their tortillas are still crunchy by the end of the meal.  The Cornbread comes on a skillet and is very well done.  Their service is decent but can be a little slow at times.  I noticed that if you sit by the entrance two person booths, you tend to get ignored more, which baffles me because that's where all the waiters pass by.  Overall I would recommend Gus's for good American BBQ.
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,1/12/2013,872,217,12,18,12>Talk about a hidden gem! This is a Goldmine! Last Saturday, L's parents brought us here and what a great time we had. This place has changed my perspective on wineries. Earlier this summer I had visited another winery and it left a sour taste in my mouth. I was left with nothing to desire in a return visit. I will say that these wineries do have their similarities, but there is just something about San Antonio that I really really like. Upon entrance, we were offered cool and refreshing samples of fruit wines...in such a way that totally opened up an enjoyable atmosphere for some casual perusing/consuming of some tasty Jesus Juice. The staff here is of another kind. Everyone was very personable and accommodating. Real nice folk. At the bar, we sampled, oh gosh, reds, whites, dry, floral, sweet...I lost count. The pours are generous and you are encouraged to sample as many as you'd like...either that, or Mr. Wine Guy thought I was cute. Everything was delicious. I discovered some I like and I remembered why I like what I like. The sommelier was knowledgeable and quickly picked up on what would suit a particular taste/preferance. He was awesome. So awesome, we purchased an entire box. I did not get to experience the restaurant or the tour but It is definitely on my bucket list :) Update comin soon!
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2012,1/11/2013,321,456,21,24,17>I ate pigs face. and i was not high on LSD....This is a great space to have fun and eat damned good food.  First, the space is beautiful.  If you look, there are different sections of the restaurant that suit different diners - the detail of the design makes it for a fun place to have action at every part of the restaurant.  The bar is copper topped with drinks by Julian Cox (awesome).  I had the Italiano and Amaro never dies, a bottle of wine, and a glass of LIOCO.  The charcuterie bar looks like a sushi bar, clean glass, lower seating.  The two communal tables on the ends of the restaurant and booth seating in the middle.  And seating in front of the Acunto pizza oven.  I walked in and wanted to crash there for the night/week. and live in the charcuterie refrigerator hanging at the bar.  mmmm.I have followed Ori since he manned the kitchen at Angelini Osteria.  The food is phenomenal, with dishes that suit more aggressive eaters (beef heart) and the cured meats are ridiculously good.  I had pig face. wild boar lomo, wild boar sausage, black truffle pasta, polipo on lentils.  The style is rustic and tasty.  Restaurant is lively, and the service was very good, surprising for opening so soon.Onto the food. delicious.  not much to say other than that.  rarely give out 5 stars for food. definitely recommend the charcuterie and Octopus. The pizza dough is awesome.  The pastas ... yes. order, bring a crowd and share so you can sample a little of everything.  there's two types of pastas - dried and fresh.  pasta is in-house extruded.this is what I ate:Grigliata di Polipogrilled octopus. warm lentils. guanciale. salsa di acciughe.Carpaccio di Buebeef carpaccio. cured chicken egg. parmigiano cream. wild arugula.Batillarda di Salumi Nostranohouse made, chef's selection of cured meats. traditional condiments. grilled bread.Pizza 'Ndujahouse made spicy 'nduja. san marzano tomatoes. mozzarella. scallions.Cavatelli alla Norcinaricotta cavatelli. house made, pork sausage. black truffles. grana padano.Agnolotti stuffed pasta with braised beef cheeks.  burro fuso. grana padano.Zeppole di Castagne con Gelato al Caffè Lattechestnut doughnuts. softly whipped cream. coffee gelato.Tartelletta ai Cachi e Crema al Pistachio con Gelato al Laticellopersimmon and pistachio cream tart.  buttermilk gelato.I feel the need to expand on the one Dried pasta on the menu that some people MIGHT not like.  The pastamancini pasta is perfectly cooked - it's the only dried pasta on the menu the others are in house extruded and even with a long cooking time it will have the feeling of being "raw" in the middle.  It has an extremely resistant core and that's because this is the style of pasta where they make it in Italy that goes through an extremely long drying time that is not replicated here in the United States.  The gluten level is about 16% whereas crappy pastas like De Cecco and store bought have 8-10%. You will find similar pasta such as Latini will have this al dente toothiness with a "bite."  If you've been used to pastas cooked here in the states you will often find restaurants overcooking pasta to satisfy the public.  As Jonathan gold said, "the cooks here know when to stop."  (I personally love the bite but it's not for everyone.)  The real finesse in making dried pasta is not to have a glop of sauce on the bottom of the plate but when the perfect proportion of sauce to pasta.  I've seen people complain about the pasta because they think they know pasta based on their experience of eating it here in the US.  well there's only a few places that do dried pasta right, Bestia, and Angelini Osteria.  It will taste like it's 2 minutes from al-dente that you're used to which is the running joke in this region of Italy that if it's not 2 minutes from what you think is Al dente then it's overcooked.  As for the pasta to sauce ratio - Think about fine sushi - perfect proportion of rice to fish.  Bestia does this right.p.s. i've eaten the whole menu but it's great they continue to change the menu daily.Highly recommend the black truffle pizza, the beef heart tartare, the whole charcuterie platter x 15 times, the frog hollow pear tart, the apple tart, zeppoles, and the PastaMancini is worth a try if you want to see how it's cooked in the region of italy. It's an acquired taste that asians (myself included) are not used to because our noodles(fresh and dried) are made in an entirely different way.full. but hungry for more!!!!! The italiano drink ...best mixed drink I ever had.BTW: Sommelier Maxwell has some amazing wine pairings.  Very impressive.  He says he would be happy to see this wine menu at Noma, Fat Duck, El Bulli.  The price point is mid range, not super high. Very interesting. Delicious.Have him pair for you.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,1/10/2013,828,676,19,27,24>I have a new favorite non AYCE Korean BBQ place! I had to wait over an hour to get a table but it's so worth it. The food is so amazing.They say each order of meat is supposed to be for one person but we ordered 4 things for 5 people and it was already too much. The best items are their pork neck and pork belly. The pork neck is so tender and tastes awesome. Their beef are also top quality. The short rib meat is nicely marbled and so good.They have these Korean rice lunch boxes with kimchi and black beans. The taste is good although the beans were too undercooked. When you order it, they shake it next to your table for you. It's fun to watch.I really like the eggs they put in the slot on the outer part of the grill. It cooks while your meat cooks and even though it sounds kind of gross, the drippings from the pork neck and belly drips into the eggs. I'm pretty sure it's the fat that makes the eggs taste so good.The service is great. They grill the meat for you so you don't have to do it yourself. There are plenty of people working so you can get stuff right away.
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/5/2012,1/9/2013,231,244,50,41,33>The Do's and Do Not's of the Boiling Crab:- Do get there early (the wait time is baffling)- Do go to Cafe Home next door for large drinks and board games- Do order the king crab legs- Do order the Sha-Bang (for the sake of saying it in a sentence)- Do get our amazing waiter who took our order by memory while watching the football game- Do not go for a first date - Do not give a shit you got food all over your face- Do not wear white pantsI feel like BC is set up in a way to make you want to hate it, but you can't.  The wait times is insane, you have to wear a bib, there's only one bathroom per gender in a room where everyone wants to wash their hands, the hostess wasn't the nicest person I've ever met, and you eat like a barbarian.I can't wait to go back.
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,1/8/2013,2719,2132,73,69,61>I am very adventurous when it comes to food.  The only things I won't ever ever try: BUGS.I am curious to see if I am brave enough to eat bull penis.  Yes PENIS.  Yuck, right?  I know..I know...some of you probably say it's a delicacy...whatever..Ordered lamb kebab, lamb heart, lamb kidney and bull penis.Banchans: broccoli, spicy radish, peanuts, beansprouts, and steamed egg.  They also give you complimentary salad.  The steam rice is purple rice.  They use real charcoal here so it's more fun than propane grill.  If you look closely you can see little dents on the grill for your sticks.  Lamb kebab (10 pieces for $12.99):  this is the main attraction of Feng Mao.  Make sure you do not overcook your meat because the pieces are cut super small.  You want juicy meat, not overcooked, dry meat and stuck to the sticks.  I really like the lamb kebab. The fat pieces are actually yum but I don't eat fat voluntarily.  Especially with the cumin dipping spice they give you.  YUM!!!Lamb heart ($1.50): good but kinda gamey.Lamb kidney ($1.50): I am a fan of kidney so I really enjoy this.Bull penis ($1.50): don't worry..it's thinly sliced so it doesn't look like you know... yelp.com/user_local_phot…I am challenging all yelpers here-this is a dare to eat the bull penis. So far 3 yelpers accepted my challenge.So this is the ultimate question: SPIT or SWALLOW?The answer is: I SPIT!!I kept telling myself: stay calm, don't make a scene and just suck it up; no pun intended.  Sorry...I couldn't do it :(  I didn't have the balls to do it in the first place.The outer edge was crispy and yum..until I ate the chewy part.  I closed my eyes and it made it worse because I could picture IT in front of me.  Never again.4 stars!!I was already craving the lamb kebab so bad when I was outside.Feng Mao is yummylicious!!
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,9/2/2012,1/7/2013,623,222,17,22,19>Scarlet's 5 course afternoon tea for $32.00 per person! It comes with a small pot of tea, sorbet, scone, 4 tea sandwiches, petit desserts & romanoff.Fancy place! I came here with a group of girl friends to celebrate a birthday. Made reservations over the phone & we were seated immediately upon arrival. Originally, we chose the 3 course, but later opted for the 5 course because it was only $5.00 more. Probably shouldn't have done it last minute because none of us realized we missed out on the sorbet & petit desserts?! But our waitor should've realized it?! Hmm ..Well, our waitor suggested us a tea (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…) & we just went for it so I don't remember the name of the tea. It was fun dropping sugar cubes (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…) into my tea though! We admired our plate towers (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…) when it arrived, cute! As for the tea sandwiches, I ordered the salmon & chive spread (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…), cucumber & watercress (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…), roast beef & aged white cheddar (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…) & chicken tahini (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…). They were all tasty in their own ways but my favorite out of the 4 was the salmon & chive spread, delicious! The scone (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…) came with Scarlet cream, lemon curd & preserves (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…), it was OK .. I'm not sure why some people rave about it? I wasn't a fan of their fresh berry romanoff (yelp.com/biz_photos/aOsw…) either.The tea party is a fun experience because you get to dress up in sundresses & have tea with your girl friends, but next time I'll probably just order something from their lunch or dinner menu.
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,1/6/2013,1700,729,18,17,18>Being a Rocky Balboa fan, I've always thought the name Drago was a cool name.I've been to Drago Centol a few times for dinner. Obviously, this restaurant is named after the restauranteur. The atmosphere Drago is fairly modern and businesslike to attract the financial district. It's tucked underneath a building full of bankers, lawyers, and top notch architects and engineers. It's not casual by far. So, bring a collared long sleeve shirt and slacks and a dress if you're a lady. The bar area is a cool spot with a nice few of the Cal National Plaza fountain. Food here is upscale Italian and fairly good. Tiramisu is devine. Best, I've had! The drinks, not so much. I'll stick with a glass of whiskey next time.For "Rocky", the movie, lovers, I must quote Ivan "Drago": -My name is Drago. I'm a fighter from the Soviet Union. I fight all my life and I never lose. soon I fight Rocky Balboa, and the world will see his defeat. Soon, the whole world will know my name. -I must break you. (My fav line!)Looking forward to come back for more tiramisu.
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2012,1/5/2013,209,258,15,18,17>Great pizza! I seriously don't mind putting on a few pounds because of these delicious food. It's literally love at first bite. I am surprised or should I say shocked that the crust of the pizza was still crunchy with all the sauces and toppings I piled on. No flimsy/greasy pizza here(:I went for the mix of alfredo and pesto sauce on my lil Rosie (10" personalized pizza) like Tritia T. has recommended and I loved it. It was the best of both world. I especially love the pesto sauce. So rich and flavorful! And the alfredo completed it with the creaminess.After sauces were generously ladled on, I got mozzarella cheese, spinach, basil, mushrooms, red onions, and garlic! I wanted to keep it minimal because I wasn't sure how the crust would hold up. But next time, I will definitely go all out! Another thing I love here is the giant hamburger. The buns for their hamburgers were not regular buns. They were soft/crisp but sturdy and served as the perfect vehicle to carry the juicy meatball patty and onion rings! I actually enjoyed it more than I thought.The dessert pizza was pretty awesome as well. Anything with nutella is five stars in my book. Just looking at this pizza was a joy. Little toasty marshmallow scattered all over with graham cracker and chocolate chips. The only thing missing- maybe a scoop of ice cream on top? (:4.9 stars! Minus 0.1 for no avocados.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/30/2012,1/4/2013,711,692,27,21,17>Friend: So where should I take my girl?Me: Bottega LouieFriend: Why?Me: Imagine a designer clothes store filled with desserts, it's like being in Louis Vuitton while eating marshmallows... Friend: ToucheThe store is all white with giant columns, white tables with gold plating framed around the ceiling. There's also a bakery place filled with all kinds of treats, especially the mountain of macaroons. You can also watch them make pizzas because the pizza kitchen has glass screens. I ordered: 1) Riggatoni which is like hard pasta with tomato sauce and little pieces of salisbury steak- The dish was solid and It cost me about $16. 2) Portobello mushroom pizza- Solid pizza, I've had better pizza at other places. 3) Eggs benedict- It was pretty runny...4) Earl Grey and Cruz macaroon- Arguably the best macaroon I've ever had. I loved how the Earl Grey have specks of gold on it and the rich dark chocolate in the cruz. However, for $2 per macaroon, it's also the most expensive macaroon I've bought.Overall,  the food is pricey and slightly above average. However, the decor of the place and the dessert according to girls "just magical." So far, the only two places that I know girls describing as magical are Disneyland and Bottega Louie. Therefore,  gentlemen, take your ladies here and she will love it!
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,1/3/2013,217,296,19,21,21>You can pick your own seating online? Reserve your own spot? Wait, there is more? a bar? Wow!! Now that is an experience that is a must try. I just love the fact that you are able to reserve your seats so you don't have to rush to get good seats! Popcorn there is BOMB. I honestly don't know what it is but it taste gourmet, butter and sea salt combo! Seats were great and comfy, my main concern at a theater would be that my butt wouldn't fall asleep. I need comfort when I watch my movie yo! It's a bit pricey, but if you want to sip on your vodka tonic and enjoy your movie this place would be it!
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,1/2/2013,855,592,9,15,13>Simple shop of sandwich and pie offerings?  Yes~Delicious?  Oh yes~* Reuben was melty goodness on toasted rye.  * Butternut squash daily soup...warm and filling.* Steak pot pie.  Light kale salad.* Pumpkin streusel with cream cheese...sweet!Friendly service?  Yeah~4-stars worthy?  Si~WOA:* Street metered parking [booo LA, you suck at an 8am-8pm enforcement]* Easy walk-in, tiny with approximately 10-tables shop* Crayons @ each table for your kids or your inner-child to doodle on papermats
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2012,1/1/2013,356,209,9,49,14>There are 2 main trails here; leading to the Hollywood Sign + leading to the bat cave from the 1960's TV show. The following trails took me approx 3.5 hours for a 6-7 mile roundtrip.1) Hollywood Sign- Take the trail at the end of the parking lot straight into the hills (not the trail to the right). - At the first intersection turn left. - At the second fork take the ascending trail to the right. - You'll then come to a paved intersection. If you go RIGHT, you'll wind back behind the hill and end up behind the Hollywood sign next to the radio tower. If you go LEFT, you'll be able to see the front of the Hollywood sign from below.2) Batcave- Take the trail to the right of the parking lot.- You should be there in 10-15 minutes, just follow the main path.Free parking. Less crowded and more expansive than Runyon. Check it out!
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,12/31/2012,80,100,9,18,15>They came (early). They saw (my furniture). And they straight up MOVED (efficiently). I couldn't be more pleased with NorthStar Movers. I had packed up most of my personal belongings, so the movers just needed to pack up my furniture. In total, they had a full bedroom set, complete living room, dining area, and front entry way to pack up. Plus some little odds and ends. Between the three of them, everything was wrapped and packed in less than an hour! I was so impressed. I was very particular about the route I wanted them to take to ensure that they traveled most efficiently, and the driver was more than happy to accommodate my request by following me to my place. Upon arrival, they were careful with my belongings and orderly in the unpacking of my things. Not to mention, they were extremely helpful and patient helping me rearrange my furniture to my liking. In fact, they even offered their own personal opinions on the placement when I struggled to make a decision. I am completely filled with gratitude for NorthStar Movers and the three amigos that helped move my furniture. Anytime I move, or need to make a referral for a moving company, NorthStar will be my go-to.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/21/2012,12/30/2012,2310,316,8,15,13>***Tamshii Ramen's MOP (Meal in One Pic)*****yelp.com/biz_photos/lt0c…**************************************************­***Nice modern/traditional decor for this brand new ramen place right on Ventura boulevard. The place has a good size and it usually pretty full which is a good sign.The staff is friendly and excited about starting a new ramen shop.A lot of attention has been put on silverware and dishes. The white bowls are modern and look great in the brown wood decor.The star is the wooden spoon provided to each guest as the main utensil to devour the ramen soup. Chopsticks complement the spoon as it would be tricky to seize the noodle with it. Wooden Spoonyelp.com/biz_photos/lt0c…We tried:Gyozayelp.com/biz_photos/lt0c…Great dumpling. It does not matter if hey are made from scratch or bought. They taste good. The dough was soft, and tender not overly fried. The filling was a good mixture of meat and vegetables. The meat was soft, The Vegetables tender. Spicy Ramen bowlyelp.com/biz_photos/lt0c…Ramen is tricky. The broth has to be thick, and fat is used to achieve the correct thickness. However too much of it and customers will feel sick before the end of the meal. To little and it would be just floating noodles in hot water. The noodles are good. They were cooked to a soft but not chewy point right above al dente which is perfect for ramen. The broth was flavorful, and the additional topping available included extra meats, mushrooms, broccoli, sprouts, etc.  A great selection. The spice level was nice. The meat was tasty and looked great in the broth.The Japanese writing on the walls are a nice touch.  A modern, comforting feel emanates from the staff and decor which is just a mirror for the coziness and warmth coming from each bowl of Ramen.Welcome Tamashii, a great ramen option on Ventura Boulevard.Note:The non beer alcoholic ads on each tables are hilarious.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,12/29/2012,818,503,24,28,27>What a great deal for lunch!My hubby is Iranian and I know that cuisine pretty well, but Lebanese food is a totally different story.  My friends and I went to Shanto's Bakery for lunch and I was just amazed at the prices.Food 5/5 Stars:Lahmajoun $2.99 -  I had to order this because other Yelpers have raved about it in their reviews.  I can see why.    It is a mana'ish (flat bread) with lean ground beef mixed with finely diced tomatoes, garlic, onions, parsley and traditional Lebanese spices.  They will add cheese or roasted pureed eggplant for an extra 99 cents. yelp.com/biz_photos/shan…Zaatar $2.29 - This is a mana'ish (flat bread) with a blend of imported thyme, oregano, herbs and olive oil.  You can add vegetables for 99 cents.  I had a small bite of this and I really liked it for a vegetarian option.  yelp.com/biz_photos/shan…Spinach & Walnut Salad - $5.99 - includes feta cheese and a pomegranate vinaigrette which was really tasty.Ice Tea - Their ice tea is wonderful.  They put a sprig of mint in it.  No alcohol that I could see.  Beer or wine would be a nice addition.Service 4/5 Stars:You order at the counter and they'll bring it to you when it's ready. Ambiance 3/5 Stars:It is kind of small inside and you can't get away from that strip mall feeling, however  I do like the chalkboard menu look.  They  have all the nutella stacked up like a wall on one side.  They have a little patio outside and I wish I would have enjoyed my meal there.  It gets a little warm inside next to all the floor to ceiling windows.Parking 4/5 Stars:It's in a strip mall so there's plenty of parking.  There is a nice fountain next to the parking area and I took a photo of that.Hours:7 Days a week and closed on major holidays.I will definitely come back to try some other items on their menu.
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/16/2012,12/28/2012,408,219,6,25,22>I think they hurt themselves a little with the name. I think if they would have gone with just seafood buffet people would not compare it to Vegas and give it a higher rating. When you walk in the first thing you notice is how new or clean it looks. Then you realize that some actual thought went into the layout of the place with all the food stations along the wall making seating and getting through the various stations easy. This buffet seems to do shrimp about 10 different ways. They also have crab legs for dinner. They have a teppan station which was either really busy or completely empty on my visit. They do have a few different cuts of beef for those of you looking for some turf to go with your surf. For the most part everything was good, some thing stood out more than others but that's why it's a buffet, there is something for everyone. If you come during prime-time for dinner expect to wait. My wait was 40 minutes but that was to be expected on a Friday night at 7pm. You have to remember where you are and what you pay for.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2012,12/26/2012,457,183,11,17,15>I'm sold on the Laugh Factory due to three simple details:1. VIP tickets... 10 bucks more, but you don't have to stand in line and you don't have to fight for seats.  Worth it.2. Check in on Yelp and you get yo'self two free tickets.3. Dane Cook (I'm a fan) and Daniel Tosh (I'm def a fan!) in one night.Do I need to say more?I had a great time laughing my ass off and I will be back.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,12/24/2012,1208,188,9,26,23>I ended up at Pizzanista! accidentally, and what a perfect accident it was.Pizza by the slice, vegan cheese and meat options. The slices were big (though, still not quite worth $5++ each...) Awesome bottled drink selection: Kombucha! AND MACARONI & CHEESE PIZZA (not vegan)! Real bomb, just a little pricy. Really friendly staff.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2012,12/23/2012,632,481,37,32,20>I love hiking but this hike is way too extreme for me! But then, my hike is more of a flat or slightly steep trail that doesn't involve crazy rock climbing. My friend decided to sign me up for bungee without my consent and I just found out that day we went. Great. We got there at 7am because we had to meet up with the bungee jumping crew at 730.From the entrance to the parking is about 20 miles. Please get a parking pass because you will get a ticket. Well actually it doesn't matter  because getting a ticket cost $5 and parking pass cost $5 as well. Haha. Or you can just drive really fast on the free way and hopefully your ticket flies away and pretend nothing happens.Okay so about the hike. Holy moly! 5 miles to the bridge and 5 miles back. Since this is an intermediate hike, it took me about 3 hours to get to the bridge. I guess it's slow to some of you but don't forget I am an amateur hiker haha.Warning: -rattlesnakes everywhere! Well, you can hear them rattle next to you. I actually saw a few and one big gray one too. They are hidden in rocks. I have a snake phobia so I totally freaked and most of the time I had to chill in the stream to calm down.-large ants. Don't knot if they're deadly but they're gross.-loose rocks. Please please please be careful. I fell once. Embarrassing but screw the people behind you. Get up and be proud that you are hiking this 10 mille hike!-narrow path. I am not afraid of height but I am afraid to fall and die. I seriously had to grab the rocks and dirt to walk over because you are only inches away from falling down the cliff. When climbing down, dont be afraid to be like me haha. Instead of jumping or running down, I got down and dirty and scooted down with my Asian bootay.-nature calls: when you gotta go you gotta go! prepare to do some squatting ladies. Shake shake shake. Dry it off. There's only two restrooms and they're located in the beginning of the hike.-poison oak. Don't touch!-pointy plants. Forget what they're called. Yucca? Yacca? Eh but they hurt like a beeeep when get poked.-I heard there's bears and mountain lions. haven't seen any but if I did, I don't think I would be writing this review haha. Dead.-you will get wet! There are about 5-6 streams. Crossing the first stream is like eh whatever. Don't bother trying to step on those rocks to avoid getting wet. Cuz you will at the second crossing. That second stream is where you go through the hole? It goes up to your knee- waist. I'm a short Asian girl by the way.What to bring:-WATER. Please keep hydrated at all times. I was so stupid to only bring one bottle. My lips were as white as those stupid vampires in twilight. They were as dry as Arizona. -sunblock: use 100 SPF man!!! Skin will burn!-food: something like apples. Dried fruits. sandwiches. You will get hungry.- extra clothes/ flip flops and put them in your car. If I can do it so can you. I'm not going to bother saying if those 6 year old kids can do it, so can you because those kids are so brave and they like adventures.  alright!Have fun!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2012,12/22/2012,421,332,39,14,12>Hi, welcome to the Reserve section of the stadium.  This is where me and the other Vatos Locos sit.  Where are you from?  Norwalk?  La Puente?  Pico Rivera?  Yeah you can join us.  La Canada?  get out of here!  Please head on down to the lower seats.  You will feel right at home.  As long as home involves obese Latinos who have Dodger tattoos and buy stuffed bats for $15.  I like a good muffin top but some of these chicks can out muffin top the best of us.  Be prepared to walk through aisle ways covered in peanut shells.  Step over chairs so you dont have to bump the woman who is breastfeeding her kid while feeding him popcorn.  Someone will be in your seats but it is all good because at some point you will be in other peoples seats as well.  To me, the reserve section is fantastic; drunks, chubbers, a certain low class perfection.
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/17/2012,12/21/2012,1118,399,59,25,23>Although I haven't climbed Mt. Everest, I have climbed the Garcia Trail with my dog in July.  And since...  A) this has got to be the steepest trail in Southern California.B) my dog is really out of shape.C) we were completely surrounded by rattlesnakes (at least in my head).D) there is a bee-hive 3/4 of the way up that you pretty much have to run by.E) I was nursing a hangover. ...I deserve honorable mention. Good thing Donut Man is close by to provide nourishment after my trek.Psh. Mt. Everest...P.S. On a serious note, probably not the best trail to take a dog. She stopped and laid down like five times on the way down...
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2012,12/20/2012,334,325,15,20,20>Oooooooh, Juan Mondragon.  Thank you for this restaurant.Situated in Baldwin Park, just south of the Irwindale's Santa Fe Dam Recreation Area, Juan's Restaurante showcases Pre-Hispanic inspired Mexican dishes.This restaurante is mostly known for the 13 mole dishes, each one a unique offering for your tastebuds. Friends of mine love the pistachio mole over salmon and the Mole de los Dioses, which is not just delicious, but also quite tall and impressive.Of course, if mole is not your cup of horchata, you can always explore the rest of the menu where there are classics like enchiladas and conchinita pibil; and a small vegetarian selection with choices like chile relleno.But... may I please take this moment to direct you to their weekend brunch?For around $13, you can come into Juan's from 9am to 3pm on the weekend and enjoy a buffet of moles, taquitos, omelets, freshly made tortillas, soups, and more.Granted, the chicken is a little more thoroughly cooked compared to the chicken you get when you order for dinner, but it's still delicious and edible and you can get full on so much. It's also a great way to try some of the moles and see which sort of mole you like best.Oh, but wait! There's more!My favorite things at Juan's, aside from the mole, rest in the beverage list and the appetizers list.Juan's boasts some seriously interesting agua frescas, including a pumpkin seed & cactus pear juice horchata, cactus & pineapple, a chia seed limeade, and a beet & apple drink.Note: I am not a coffee fan, but their Cafe de Hoya is incredibly fine.When it comes to appetizers, I have two favorites: Guacamole (fresh, amazing, delicious - great tortilla chips) and the Empanadas de Flor de Calabaza (cactus masa empanadas stuffed with cheese and squash blossoms).I would come to this restaurant for the beverages, guac, and empanadas ALONE.Great food, awesome uniforms the staff wears, friendly gracious service, cool stuff on the walls, and a chef that is passionate about his food.Totally love this restaurant.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,12/19/2012,1388,397,14,15,12>The proof that God exists..a Stone outlet to fill my growler with delicious and hoppy beer deliciousness in Pasadena just blocks from my home. Hallelujah!!!
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/1/2012,12/18/2012,403,296,10,13,14>While waiting for the doors to open up at the Ahmanson, I decided to take a little walk to see what I could find around the Music Center in Downtown LA. Out of nowhere I noticed some bright, BRIGHT pink furniture and knew I had to know more. With just a few steps more I was in a mythical oasis with fountains and children playing and PINK. So much pink. And thus, my adoration of Grand Park began to bloom. Spacious, well-designed, and surprisingly lovely, this park was a great little place for a weekday evening stop. Lots of seating, a few little pathways to wander down, friendly security officers. Legit. There's also a Starbucks at the bottom near the fountain base if you need a pick-me-up. Win!
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,12/17/2012,331,196,19,22,19>It's so unnoticeable on Melrose as if only the certain some can come to this place. And I don't mind it. It seems that Carlitos Gardel has its own fan club, who come loyally to enjoy the carefully and tastefully prepared meals for the special occasions or with no occasions in mind.  I had no special occassion to be there but I had to try this place to finally get a taste of delicious Argentine cuisine. I notice some yelpers gave mediocre rating on their quality of food, I seize to disagree with them. Although, I've been to Lala's many times and I love their food, but comparing the two is wrong. Two different kinds, completely different styles. Not comparable in my opinion. The qualities differ majorly. Classy vs. Casual. Hence the worthy price difference.Our menu started with Argentine sparkling wine and Riccota Gnocchi. The gnocchi was delicious. The combination of slight tomato sauce on the bottom of the plate and the cheesy flavor were perfectly balanced.Empanadas! Yummy!Bread and chimichurri; winner.Skirt steak and lamb chops: perfectly grilled with steamed veggies.Belgian endive salad great accompaniment with the steaks.The garlic fries: exactly how they should be. The winelist is carefully matched with the meals. I notice there is a pretty big selection in Latin American wines. The owners can recommend you with which food the sort of wine you may combine. And finally the desserts!!!! They make their own gelatos too (besides the gorgeous looking and mouth watering desserts). Cookie cream (I think) and Dulce de Leche combined with the phenomenally layered peach flavored amazingness and the white chocolate ice cream toppe with caramel sauce. Oh Em Gee!!! I think I put the photos, check'em. Very hospitable service, friendly staff and welcoming owners. I have a feeling this will be a place that I may go again and again.Enjoy!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2012,12/16/2012,444,330,25,21,17>This week is my birthday week and I'm feeling generous! Not Oprah-giving-away-free-cars generous, but charitable enough to make a sizable donation... To my stomach. Am I doing this right? A 7 o'clock reservation on a Tuesday to Mastro's is like a 4-5 happy hour o'clock on a Friday to the bar across from the local state college (read: busy). For a venue that was completely packed with people coming in and out, our waiter did an excellent job at maneuvering around with skill and grace. The bread basket is amazing. I didn't want to chance my impending date with steak but I could not help picking at the Pretzel Rolls. The intoxicatingly spongey pull of crumb... Not much else makes my knees weak and heart flutter. You could be waving a Birkin bag in my face and I'll be too busy watching loaves rise in the oven. The Seafood Tower is an entertaining novelty. The seaweed garnishes and the dry ice make for an extended talking point while waiting for the mains to arrive.And then the mains arrived.The 18 oz Bone-in Filet was surely tasty. The Lobster Mashed Potatoes were okay, as were the Gorgonzola Mac n' Cheese and the Creamed Corn. The portions are enormous. I know what you're thinking. "But Jean, why are you cramming all the mains into one tiny paragraph, if it was so good?" Because I already slipped into a food coma by then, you buffoon! I'll also disclose to you the Golden Rule of steakhouses: Steak first, talk later. Our waiter was nice enough to place matching blue candles on my cake (brought elsewhere) and offer homemade whipped cream to go along with the dessert. I almost died of kindness but I strengthened my resolve to live through the moment in order to report back on my findings.
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/13/2012,12/15/2012,536,155,13,18,17>Step underneath the climbing vines into Sassafras and be transported into a Southern plantation of that sweet aunt you never knew you had. Take a seat and her staff will mix you drinks with a Southern twist--whether it be sassafras, cinnamon or peaches--and, of course, heavy on whiskey.All the details in the decor were imported from the South, including a deconstructed townhouse with cozy living room set up complete with fireplace and haunting family photos. I would NOT recommend using the restroom inside the townhouse unless you feel comfortable knowing voyeurs can easily watch you. Nonexhibitionists can head to the back restrooms under the balcony.Saved the best detail for last... and that's the live music. Bands perform on the balcony nightly, which you can view anywhere from the bar to the front patio. A fun first stop for a night out in Hollywood.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,12/14/2012,2247,546,17,26,20>My favorite Pink Taco location! Great spot on Sunset, convenient valet right in front of the restaurant! Hubby says this was old Miyagi restaurant and bar back in the days, it was extremely popular. :p This place just opened on memorial day weekend. I loved the decor and layout! Wine barrels, candle lights, street arts, how fun! We got seated in the patio, but it was too warm, so we asked to sit inside, they gave us a super comfy high booth on second floor, we could see the entire dining area and bar area. Our waitress beautiful Ashley was sooo nice! We ordered pitcher of margarita, she told us the drinks were strong, no kidding, that pitcher was very strong and yummy! I ordered Baja fish, hubby ordered steak Fajita, both dishes were delicious. I had churros as desert, loved those! Soooo delicious with chocolate and caramel dippings! Tab was $93 with $38 pitcher of margarita. I love it that they have good choices for vegetarians and pescetarians, such as Veggie Plato, Shrimp or Veggie Quesadilla, Jumbo shrimp Fijita, Lobster Enchilada, and Ahi tuna Burrito.Ashley was great, she came to our table many times to chat and make sure everything was ok. She said they were gonna have third floor open soon as a lounge, we should come back to check It out, sure! It sounds fun! I love their margarita! Our friend dropped by to say hi, he was all sweaty from the walking on Sunset from the London, Ashley gave him ice water to cool him down as well, sweet girl! A perfect eat, drink and hang spot on sunset! Casual, fun and many friendly eye candy waitresses! ;p
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/3/2012,12/13/2012,1201,1068,14,21,20>I don't know what it is but Colorado Blvd has many of my favorite go to spots to eat and one of them is a little cute place called The Coffee Table. If the name didn't give it away it is a unique place that sells coffee, pastries and also delicious food. I love mainly the breakfast type style food. I think they do it right and I'm glad they recently started serving breakfast all day!!! Yea for all the foodies that can't get enough breakfast or can't wake up because they are hung over. No fret you will be able to order breakfast at 2 or 3 in the afternoon! My favorite things to order is the soyrizo burrito. Yes it is made of soy and a very healthy vegan option. I am no vegan but I love this burrito. I think it is done right and it just taste way better then even the true chorrizo. The avocado is a healthy portion and just the right amount of egg cheese all mixed into this burrito it just taste so amazing!! Another thing that I do enjoy is the tofu scramble which is also vegan. I don't know how to put it to you straight but sometimes I just crave eating amazing food and this is where I want to go and be. Don't get me wrong they do have a lot of things that are meaty and hearty! If you are ever in LA and need a place to sit and relax, have a cup of joe and maybe read a book I would suggest coming here. The vibe is chill and nice and you might meet some awesome people.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2012,12/12/2012,1215,510,21,22,21>Closed Mondays.  Happy Hour is from 1:00 PM ~ 6:00 PM.  "Free wi-fi" for 3 hours,  provided you order something. For a net cafe, this is my favorite in the area.  Mostly for the low-key vibe.  Even though Tenju is closer to me, and a more frugal choice, the crowd there tends to be young and loud.  And if I don't bring headphones, the music choice at Tenju makes me want to rip out my ear drums with an ice pick.Piece of Cake cozier, cleaner, with soft-volume music.  It's not for everyone, but I'm quite alright with Taiwanese pop songs like A-Mei and Rainie Yang.  You can sip away contemplatively on an Italian-style hazelnut latte, complete with a lovely floral-leafy froth on par with anything Urth Caffe hands you.  Hot waffles with green tea and vanilla ice cream provides me with ample glucose, as I burn brain fuel typing up a novel on the laptop.  It's not as excellent as Syrup, but for a place that is miles away from Downtown LA, with convenient car park, I'm not gonna complain too much.  I just wish that there was some butter for the waffles, but I guess I could try to find some from the local dollar store and bring in my own.  There's other great Taiwanese snack items as well, like brick toast.  There's potential there.  They only have peanut butter, butter, and garlic brick toasts; they just gotta add Nutella, coconut cream, taro cream, and the like.  Coffee is likely the strongest point here.  You won't find a tea selection as complete as Half & Half, or Ten Ren.  And that's probably why Piece of Cake works for me.  Not so much that it serves, coffee, but the menu and style (and slightly higher pricing)  seems to draw a more mature crowd.  A courteous crowd.  A fobby crowd.  A fobby crowd that isn't going to swag up some wannabe ebonics G-line like, "Yo' what's up dawg?!  Word?!  Why your chick gotta be trippin' on us like that yo?!"
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2012,12/11/2012,1224,611,27,36,25>I was here last night for a media dinner preview. It smelled of fresh paint and brand new everything. We were the first to dine at this location. Founder Scott Slater sat and chatted with the table, he's a super cool laid back kind of dude.Let me preface what I'm about to share with a disclosure:I am a professional at eating. I may not look like it, but it's true. In another life, I was a sumo wrestler, and that sumo's appetite remains.DO NOT  try this at home, kids.Okay, ready?I had a taste of at least 1, but mostly multiple, items in each category. Behold, the massacre...Appetizers:Slater's Vampire DipBeer Cheese FriesSweet Potato Fries w/ pumpkin sauceBeer Battered Jalapenos w/ cilantro-lime sour creamFried bacon mac n' cheese balls w/ Tapatio ranchMac N' Cheese:Buffalo ChickenSun-dried Tomato PestoSalads:Top Ramen SaladCheeseburger SaladBurgers:The 50/50B'B'B' Bacon BurgerThe Flamin' HotPeanut Butter & JealousyWorld's Greatest Turkey BurgerThe Eat Your Veggies BurgerSpecialties:Fried Chicken & PancakesIrish QuesadillaOrange Chicken SandwichDesserts:Maple Bacon Milkshake50/50's Bacon BrownieHomemade Bread PuddingCocktails:Skinny Gal MargaritaCucumber MojitoIPA Cocktail #2 Since I wouldn't advise any of you to try to do what I just did, I'll leave you with a reasonable list of recommendations (Unless you enjoy your stomach being raped by bacon in 50 different ways, rendering you pregnant with a bacon food baby and being bacon wasted with a bacon hangover for a week after your attempt).Standouts:Apps:-Vampire dip - Very decadent & rich. You can easily share this amongst 4.-Sweet potato fries w/ pumpkin dipping sauce -  My favorite app on the menu. I could eat that sauce for days.-Fried bacon mac n' cheese balls - No need to explain.Burgers (Ginormous. Please, share. Sharing is caring). One is plenty for 2 people:-50/50 burger - Gotta try the signature. It's the lightest burger I tasted all night, if you can believe it.-PB & Jellousy - Gut buster! But where else can you get this? Not many places. So try it, why not?Specialties:-Fried chicken & pancakes - Again, super decadent. Sensing a theme here? Desserts:-Bacon brownie - Nice. Warm brownie and a nice amount of bacon. It's more sweet than savory.-Bread Pudding - Hello, nutella! Hello, bananas! Hello, delicious!Booze:IPA Cocktail #2: Aperol & amaretto topped w/ fresh lemon.I didn't get to try the beers because they were in the process of installing the taps. The BF & I even got a cool tour of the underground room where the beer will be feeding the taps. It's notable to mention that all of their bartenders & servers are Cicerone Certified, which means they have proven expertise in selecting, pairing, serving, etc. a wide range of beers. So, you're in good hands if you're new to beer or looking for a reliable pairing recommendation.It officially open to the public on 11/23. I recommend going with a group of people to share items. Saying portions are big is an understatement. This is a perfect guys night out spot, place to park your dude if you're a chick who wants to shop in Old Pasadena spot, bacon lover spot, & post-baked munchie satisfying spot. You get the picture.Enjoy!
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2012,12/10/2012,674,1349,24,33,31>Anyone wanna go traipsing through the coyote hills cruising along a couple of nice hiking trails and then going down some fire roads/mountain biking paths? Well this place is an awesome location to do either thing or both!Some of the terrain is very steep and some is just quite simply and honestly a walk in the park. Well the park is a large, lush, and verdant regional county park. Lots of grass, a huge playground, picnic/BBQ areas, horse riding, etc. Heck they have weekly Tai Chi groups going at it in slow-mo!Pro Tip #1: Park next door to the park in the Microsoft buildings so you do not have to pay for parking in the park or be towed from the mall across the street.The park itself has multiple walking trails throughout it. These provide some super easy level hikes. Definitely something for the beginning hiker/older folks, who want more than a stroll, but not a heavy duty workout. Pro Tip #2: Bring water with you for any hikes/bike rides, as you will not find any water other than down in the park proper.Once you get on the actual hiking trail, expect to go up a significant amount in elevation. This is very nice as there are a couple of lookout locations that will let you see some beautiful vistas of the Coyote Hills and the San Gabriel Valley. The trail itself is about a 5 on a scale of 10 in difficulty. There are some sections that are harder; however the hardest location has a bypass/extra switchback. The best thing about hiking here is that you can take a large loop and not have to cross back through areas that you have already conquered. This makes things much more enjoyable to me. I always love to see and experience new things/areas. Ohhh yeah it makes me excited to constantly receive new input. I really enjoy this hike as its got a decent workout and fun environment to be in.  I hope to see you out here sometime!
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2012,12/9/2012,1068,387,76,70,69>A wise man once said, "Always be good, because I know when you've been bad."And that man was either Santa Claus or my dad.But, anybikeforChristmas, coming to the Nosh of Beverly Hills is definitely treating your body good.Er, right. Or is it "well"?Go easy on me, lover, English is my second language (my first is killer-body).By treating your body well, I don't mean The Nosh is going to time you on the stairclimber after a hearty breakfast of water and dehydrated mangoes. No, The Nosh believes in artery-clogging, which has its place in every well-balanced diet. That's not to say you can't eat healthily at The Nosh; you CAN specify less dressing or gravy on your turkey.You CAN indicate that you'd like the least fatty cuts of pastrami, or have your waffles served with sugar-free syrup, and in sensible, Calvin Klein model portions.But seriously, don't be a dick.That matzo comes in a buffet-sized salad bowl, and your sandwich arrives on a plate large enough to feed a North Korean kindergarten class for a reason, so EAT IT, skinny.The Nosh is an awesome restaurant; there's convenient city parking ($2 an hour) across the street), and while The Nosh is smaller than Canter's, it seems a bit cleaner and more brightly lit.That's not a dig on Canter's because it too has its advantages (more makeout nooks, open 24 hours, bigger menu, etc.), but The Nosh has certainly earned its podium on the medal stand of kosher kickassitude.Does the delicatessen in your imagination serve it? Then The Nosh probably has it, except with more sensible tits.It's like, Canter's (I keep comparing the two, just like I always compare Jerry Seinfeld with Ray Romano) is an option for after a night out drinking and dancing, along with Denny's, IHOP, and Norm's, whereas The Nosh is more the place you go with your parents or girlfriend/boyfriend on a Saturday morning to tell them, over bagels and marmelade, that you're pregnant or changing your major from engineering to modern dance."You chose NOW to drop this bomb, sweetie? Pass the syrup, you frivolous little f*ck..."Prices are mid-range and on the whole a bit below average for the area.Save your wedding announcement for Bouchon or Maestro's, maybe...The fresh fruit bowl is quite delish and the perfect side dish for when you tell Santa/dad/etc. that yes, there is porn of you on the internet.Still hungry?You're so kinky.I think I like it.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2012,12/7/2012,58,14,2,102,102>I was a Starbuck's fanatic...until I found Gotta Java.  Visiting here twice this week, it has got to be the best customer service I have EVER received.  The lady, who I believe is the owner, is so incredibly sweet.  Today, I thought I ordered an iced coffee, but she made it hot.  I asked if I could have it iced and she immediately made me an iced coffee and told me not to worry about it.  I told her I would pay her for both and handed her my card.  Oops, I forgot it's cash only.  I only had 2 bucks cash and she told me not to worry about it, I could pay her back next time, and then gave me BOTH orders of coffee.  I will definitely be back tomorrow morning to pay her back as well as add a little interest/tip!  They also have really great coffee, but the customer service does the trick for me.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,12/6/2012,782,622,23,26,26>Fantastic little tea house off San Gabriel Blvd between Mission and Las Tunas. It's in a small plaza with it's own parking lot. I tried:Milk Green Tea Boba - VERY GOOD!!!Passion Fruit Green Tea - GoodPopcorn Chicken - GoodTater Tots - GoodSpam Musubi - VERY GOODBrick Toast - MY FAVORITE!!!!!They have an extensive list of various teas, fruit smoothies and slushies. You should have no problem finding something for everyone in your family or group of friends.  The menu selection is nice and the food goes very well with your drinks.  One thing that stood out was the various options of things to add to your drink...like boba's, jelly, etc.. there were about 6 or 7 things to choose from (maybe more?!?). Free Wifi and free parking. This is a great place to meet up with friends or just grab your laptop and surf the internet. I'm craving their brick toast as I type this...I guess it's a sign that I need to head back soon!
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,12/5/2012,605,586,32,38,26>I hate downtown LA.  I hate the traffic.  I hate the parking.  I hate the one way streets.  I hate the pedestrians.  I wanted to hate this place.  Then I tried the pies.  Damn it.The pies are so good that I know I'll have to come to downtown LA on a regular basis.  Their slices of pie are around $5.50 a piece - not cheap - but they're so good.  So far I've had:Mexican Chocolate:  A unique flavor with creamy dark, cinnamony chocolate on a perfect crust.  Strawberry:  This pie was ridiculous.  It puts Marie Callendars to shame.  The crust is perfect...It's sweet and it has a great crunch to it.   The perfect crust is topped with glazed strawberries and a light cream.  It's the best strawberry pie I've had.  And man...I'm going to be dreaming about that crust.Crostata:  This is one of my favorites.  It's a chocolate and salted caramel dessert over a flaky crust.  It's not really a pie, but it is pretty damn awesome.  And you get a lot for your money with this dish.Mac N'Cheese:  This was my first savory pie from here and it was surprisingly really really great.  You get a flavorful bite of mac and cheese and it's wrapped calzone-style with a "crust" that's dusted in flavorful italian herbs and seasoning.  If you love the "crust" on the top of a casserole, you get that in aces here.I really, really wanted to dislike this place, but I have to admit that it is ridiculously good.  So good that I have to put it on the very top of my list of my favorite sweets places in this city.   (See list below).The crusts are what puts it over the top.  If only I could make crusts like them.  Southern California has never really had a great pie store to call it's own.  Now it does.  And you have to go to freakin' downtown to get it.  (Incidentally, it's located in a warehouse-heavy area of little tokyo and there is available street parking sans one-way streets.)
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2012,12/4/2012,315,38,46,38,40>I've been waiting to write my review of Crumbs Bake Shop because I didn't want you to know that I had fallen for all the cupcake hype.  After all, I am a grandma. And grandmas are really in the business of providing cupcakes for their loved ones. So a store that sells cupcakes did not make a lot of sense to me.  In fact, I felt a little threatened.But, I'm here to report that gourmet cupcakes are here to stay, and so are grandmas. I am not ashamed to admit that the difference between a cupcake that a grandma makes and a cupcake baked by Crumbs is quality verses quantity. Having a Crumbs cupcake is an experience that requires your full attention. You should not have a Crumbs cupcake while watching television, and certainly not while driving in the car. It should be shared among friends and family and talked about while you enjoy it. I dare say that Crumbs cupcakes are wasted on children, which surprises me, because I used to think of cupcakes as being an unsophisticated treat. But really, these cupcakes are little gourmet cakes, with all the imagination that goes into a fancy cake smushed into a small package.After some consideration, I opted for the Blackout Chocolate cupcake, which has rich chocolate covered with fudge and vanilla custard. You really cannot go wrong with custard. And I loved it! I loved the cake, the fudge and especially the custard. I took my time over it, and had a wonderful experience. An important thing to remember about enjoying a fancy cupcake is that you are allowed to be messy. I had plenty of napkins, which is typical of me. Also, a spoon helps. So pick your favorite flavor, spread out your napkins and dig in!I no longer feel threatened by the cupcake trend. There will always be room for grandmas and the cupcakes they bake with love--and sometimes, it's true, from a mix--but there is also plenty of room for delicious new gourmet treats. Now, if you will excuse me, I'm going back to Crumbs because I cannot stop thinking about gourmet cupcakes!
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2012,12/3/2012,1813,600,17,24,21>Way off the beaten path, even though it's downtown, lies some Filipino BBQ. I'm not sure I was even aware there was such a thing.  After a fine meal at The Park's Finest I have to be say that, as good as it was, I'm not entirely sure where the Filipino part fit into most of the dishes. That's not a knock, what's important is whether the BBQ was of good quality and flavor and it certainly was.  Yet there was a tiny lingering wish that the Filipino flavors were more evident.Begun as a catering company, the restaurant is a work in progress. Our visit followed a private birthday party, so their was a sense of flux as the staff tried to get caught up and settled for the incoming regular business. Like many small places, the service is pleasant and offered with a smile and they kindly gave my daughter some wonderful chocolate flan because she thought the pulled pork was too hot. Little gestures like this are huge.The menu isn't extensive but it covers all the bases. We tried the San Pablo Pulled Pork and the Shortrib. Both fine choices. Prices are very fair , portions are quite large and shareable between two or three people.Pulled Pork comes in a generous serving. It's a really nice version, tender yet a little crispy. The two sauces on the side are both good, one sweet and one vinegar based. Neither are overpowering, giving plenty of room for the BBQ to breathe. I rarely eat leftovers, but I had the remainder and it was just as good a few days later.Shortrib was misnamed, it's gigantic. Somebody's robbing Jurassic Park to pilfer these things. Not only is it huge, but it's silly tender. Already sliced, it falls right off. Delectable. Cornbread Bibingka was so good we ordered it twice. Finally the Filipino roots came through. American style cornbread topped with sweet rice, the result is moist and lightly sweet and insanely addictive. The aforementioned chocolate flan was at once familiar but slightly offbeat. My 3 year old daughter thought it was heaven sent, and had no intention of sharing but we snuck a few bites and turns out she's quite the chocolate connoisseur. It was scrumptious. About the only negative was the minuscule menu, which was next to impossible to read. The writing is so small, it's like an eye test for a gerbil. Overall the food is a solid four stars, but I'm giving them an extra one for taking care of my little girl so sweetly. Good customer service is worth a lot to me.Best Plates: Shortrib, Pulled Pork, Cornbread Bibingka, Chocolate FlanPalate: mainstream Food - AAmbience - BService - AValue - A
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2012,12/2/2012,978,924,15,17,15>I have been a fan of the original Luscious Dumplings location in San Gabriel so I've been anxiously awaiting the arrival of its second location in Monrovia, just over the Arcadia border.  I wasn't the only excited one - there was a nice sized line when we arrived for lunch on its 2nd official day of business.The restaurant is extremely compact.  There are only 6-7 tables so waiting is guaranteed.  That also explains the high volume of take-out orders.  I think take-out may be the way to go if I'm not able to arrive by 11 am.The food, as always, is excellent.  Our group tried three of their noodles.  My personal favorite was the mushroom meat sauce.  The sauce is made up of ground pork and savory shitake mushrooms in a thick, dry, soy-based mixture.  You mix it with noodles and shredded cabbage and it's a Southern Chinese version of Ja Jiang Mien.  The Beef Tendon noodles were good as well - with ample chunks of meltingly tender tendon.  The Stewed Pork noodles are made from pork belly, with alternating layers of braised pork and braised pork fat...yum.We ordered the combinations so we had a variety of Pork and Chive, Pork and Shrimp, and Pan Fried Leek Cake dumplings.  I liked the extra zing the chives provided in the pork and chive dumplings.  I do think there was a discernible amount of msg in the meat mixtures.  We also ordered the Pan Fried Pork Dumplings which were deeeelicious.  They were a cool flattened shape, allowing for maximum crunch since there is more flat surface area to crisp.  We also ordered a plate of boiled boy choy for vegetables.  Yes, even their boiled vegetables were good.  They were perfectly cooked - not over or under boiled.  It's actually hard to accomplish that perfectly.There are still a few glitches in their system.  We were not provided chopsticks until we asked, some of our dishes were a bit dirty, the food took longer than usual to arrive but overall, the food was tasty and well-priced (cash only), but it's so close to my parents house that I can see us coming here a lot.  If there are enough dumplings to go around, that is.....Its obvious we're not the only ones interested.
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2012,12/1/2012,333,303,15,18,20>We all have that friend who operates on a different frequency but we keep hanging out with them because, well, they're awesome. When you introduce them to other people they'll be skeptical at first, you'll have to tell them to look past the bowler hat or handlebar mustache or neon highlights. And no matter how cool you think you are or try to be, your friend's energy is intrinsically cooler. If that friend were a restaurant, s/he would be Gastronomico. At the outset, Gastronomico begs you not to like it. Folded into the corner of a tiny strip mall on Hillhurst next to a laundromat, the restaurant boasts minimalist stainless steel decor, a color scheme inspired by a stoplight, and an-order-at-the-bar from a limited menu mandate. Do not judge this book by its cover. Like a cover, it's there to support the main event - the food. And the food is out of this world. Spicy sausage sandwich with a fried egg on fresh ciabatta. A turkey burger with just as much flavor, taste, and moisture as the real deal. Vegetable sides like sugar snap peas with feta crunch so vibrantly that they may have picked from a garden out back. Fresh juices with flavors like "Citrus Ginger" that turn you into a five-year-old again; before you know it, you've sucked that cup dry like it was a Capri Sun after a soccer game.  For those who have been to the restaurant's seminal venture The Gastrobus food truck, it'll be a nostalgic trip down short term memory lane. It will not disappoint your prejudices. For those who have not, be prepared for fresh, dynamic concoctions where food is first. Food IS the ambiance. This kitchen doesn't need to hide behind a cute outdoor patio, and their ingredients don't need to hide under heavy sauces or an abundance of bread and butter. Honestly, if they decided they wanted to operate out of an EZ up on the corner of Sunset and Normandie in East Hollywood, I would be there. Because just like that cool friend, it's about what's at the heart. Gastronomico's the coolest new bona fide lunch spot on the east side.
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/24/2012,11/30/2012,1495,111,19,24,20>I had no idea this treasure of a restaurant existed minutes from me. You will find yourself walking into a majestic garden, softly lit, and undoubtedly angelic. The seating arrangements are intimate and under a canopy of branches, leaving you feeling as if you were dining in an enchanted forest. The Little Door would be my recommendation for a romantic date for sure; however, romantic date or not, I plan on enjoying The Little Door often! I ordered the Almond Crusted Goat Cheese Beet Trio and the Flourless Lava Cake - both were great! Pictures and more on my blog!
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,11/29/2012,361,411,23,30,24>Not a bad hike at all! And to tell you the truth, the waterfalls weren't spectacular either, though they were still pretty. What Hermit Falls is REALLY known for is the jumps!My friends and I decided to go to Hermit Falls this morning, and around 9:30 AM, there were already cars parked all along the mountain. We had to park a little ways down and walk up, but it wasn't a big deal. Parking is $5 for an adventure pass, but my friend has an annual pass so we were good.The trail starts off the same path as Sturtevant Falls, but it forks off to the right and it's called First Water Trail. It's a smaller path, and we didn't see too many people on this trail actually.It's a short hike down with 2 small streams to cross before arriving at the falls. Once there, it clears up, and the first thing you see is 2 small water falls that make a natural slide and a jumping point about 15 feet sown into a pool of water. If you walk a little further, there's another point that's somewhere between 50-60 feet high! My friends and I were planning on jumping off the short cliff, but we saw some people by the higher one and went over to talk to them. Since it was still relatively early and there weren't many people there, no one had jumped yet. We wanted to see if someone would actually do it, so we just sat there and waited to see someone jump. One guy finally did! Kudos to him for being the first one! I wanted to do it, but seriously, it's high and I was scared for my life! But I worked up the courage. It's a little tricky because halfway down, the cliff  juts out a little, so you really do have to jump to avoid hitting it. I finally forced myself not to think about it, said a little prayer, and jumped! .....The drop took forever. I had time to think to myself that I couldn't believe I actually jumped and was crazy. And when that thought was done, I had time to think, "WHY AM I NOT IN THE WATER YET?!"Not going to lie, it was painful hitting the water (jump straight, feet first!) and the water was FREEZING. But really, I was just mostly thinking, "Woohoo I did it! And I'm alive!" I know, it's not the safest thing in the world, but it was exhilarating! But try at your own risk. And make sure the water level is high enough before you jump!I also jumped off the smaller one. That drop, in comparison to the massive one, was easy peasy! If you want a thrill but can't do the big one, do this one! It's fun, painless and safer! The climb back up wasn't too bad except for one difficult section where a rope really helps. There was a rope today - hopefully it'll still be there and no one takes it! Also, if you use the rope, let it back down for other people! When I was climbing up, the previous person didn't let it all the way down so we had a slightly more difficult time. Also, people should stop tagging nature. There was graffiti all over the rocks. :(
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2012,11/28/2012,476,584,26,29,24>I came here on a Sunday evening with my friend's family for their mom's birthday :) I am basically adopted, I tagged along for the feasting :)We were greeted as we came in the door and we were immediately seated. Our waitress gave us menus for drinks and gave us some time to decide. Among the five of us, we ordered a round of waters, wine, 2 brazilian cosmos and a mango orange caipirinha. The cosmo and the caipirinha were special Brazilian cocktails made with caipirinha rum :) I thought it was pretty tasty!! Before the meats came around, we went to the salad bar and got a bunch of foods to balance out the meats we were about to devour. There were ingredients of a usual salad bar, along with pastas, anchovies, cheeses, breads, and so on. My favorite is the asparagus, cheese bread and the fried banana. MEAATTTT!! This place is not for you if you're not into MEAT!! There's a stoplight tube on the table; green up for meats, red up for a break, and leave it sideways to signify yellow as keep it coming slowly. Different cuts were brought around to our table. There was beef, pork, lamb, chicken, turkey. And not only that, there were various parts of these delicacies coming around. My favorite was the filet mignon wrapped in bacon and the turkey wrapped in bacon. And the workers here are SO sweet. Because I had asked one of the guys coming around for some turkey wrapped bacon, so he went inside and made some just for me :) I know the food is delicious, but save some room for dessert!!!! They had a few selections for everyone to choose from. Our table for 3 flans, a red velvet, and a passion-fruit mousse. I loved the flan, ate most of it. My friend LOOOVVVED her red velvet, she ate all of it. And the passion-fruit mousse was nice too :) As we finished up dessert, our lovely waitress offered us coffee. Three of us ordered it to save us from our food coma. The aroma was seductive ;) The coffee was delicious. If you are a coffee-person, you can tell that the coffee beans are high quality. Overall we had a lovely dinner here. The service was among the best and the food was great too!! Come with an empty stomach and try not to food coma!!!!!!! I will definitely come back when I'm visiting Pasadena!! ~~Oh and don't forget to ask them to validate your parking :) This is good for 90 min!!
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,11/27/2012,153,21,1,91,88>Seems like this location has more baked goods, no pizza. Better atmosphere for groups with more spread out tables and dynamic sitting. Usually jumping with trendy hipster rats, the food is better than decent and priced well enough to afford dessert and a new glass piece from Dementia after grubbing. The breakfast items are always a sure bet, don't get too crazy with substitutions or the under-paid chefs might get confused, quickly. Stick with the basics and be prepared for a little wait on both ends of the ordering process. Would get a 3 star but they have Nutella and let you know it.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,11/24/2012,875,170,17,21,21>In an age where you can find a McDonald's in every Wal-Mart, a Starbucks inside most Targets, a Sav-On in most Albertson's, and a Bank of America ATM machine inside most other supermarkets, it's nice to know that Vroman's is just ... a bookstore. Instead of a portioned off section of the store serving fast food, you get a knowledgeable staff that -- gasp! -- actually knows a thing or two about books. I'll take that any day over a Big Mac or a Frappucino.Support your local independent book store.-Will
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,11/23/2012,1522,1094,30,27,28>When you are tired of a greasy cheese burger and caffeinated, carbonated, soda then come on down to Starry Kitchen for a refreshing and cleansing Agua Fresca made with cucumber, some type of light citrus with water.Chap Jae was something I was not familiar with but it looked like a thin and juicy noodle. The fried rice was pretty solid and the Hoison burger ground beef was remarkable. The beef had a nice seasoning but was not salty and a decent amount of heat. The chicken was so soft and savory, I could not find anything wrong with it, not dry, not salty, not lacking, great chicken.There was no seasoning, spice or sauces on the table. To me, this is a pretty bold and confident statement by a restaurant, to say that our food already has enough flavor you do not need any additional sauces or spices on it.I am still not sure what was in the desert but I felt crunchy, soft, sweet, nutty, moist, and ice inside of a thin milky liquid. I enjoyed all of it.Note: Starry Kitchen is in a new location, so if you use GPS, make sure you type in the address on 9th street. There is a $10 parking lot next door on this one-way street.I want to come back to try some of the other items. Perhaps I am new to this fare, but this may be one of the most beautiful foods in its food genre. While there were a couple of things that did not meet my individual palette, as a fair Yelper, I give them a 4 star based on the performance, quality and achievement of the food. After all, no one Yelper, including me, has the ultimate best palette in this Diverse world.Song parody of Prince 1994 song "The Most Beautiful Girl In The World"youtube.com/watch?v=N6FS…Could this be, the most beautiful food in the world?Plain to see, you're the reason that Yelpers always love their foodWhen the day, filled with junk that is greasy, not kindEvery night, I hope you will always be all mineAgua Fresca, refresh and cleansing like a gentle cryTears of joy, cause all I see is your beauty in the skyOhCould this be, the most beautiful food in the world?Could u be?Plaint to see, you're the reason that Yelpers love foodOh, yes u areNot open days but I love your weekend evening hoursYour fried rice and chap jae which I totally devourOh yesPleasing blend, like a purple, pink, white, yellow flowerTofu balls, make a Yelper lose all their will powerOh yes, ohCould this be, the most beautiful food in the world?Could u be?Plaint to see, you're the reason that Yelpers love foodOh, yes u areAnd if you moved again, never make any sighBecause Yelpers, would not be, uh, too far behindCuz Starry, this kind of beauty has got no reason 2 ever be shyCuz Starry, this kind of beauty is the kind that comes from insideCould this be, the most beautiful food in the world?Could u be?Plaint to see, you're the reason that Yelpers love foodOh, yes u are(could u be? )U must be ... oh yeah!(could u be? )Ure the reason ... oh yeahCould this be, the most beautiful food in the world?Could u be?Plaint to see, you're the reason that Yelpers love foodOh, yes u are
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,11/22/2012,1661,660,22,24,26>I know I know, when you look at me you probably think "Damn, this just guy is pretty thuggish. I'm guessing when he goes out he loves to blast some gangster ass beats from NWA, some B.I.G. or Nas, probably Wu Tang, and definitely some 2Pac." OK, maybe I don't look thuggish at all but rest assured that this IS my kind of music, which is why on any given Friday or Saturday night you'll find me partying hard at The Dime.I remember the first time I walked by the place. "Whaaaaaat...? Is that "Straight Outta Compton" I hear?? I must enter, RIGHT NOW." I intended to have a quick drink but instead ended up standing on my chair, partying for hours.It's ALWAYS a party at The Dime. Wall to wall people, dancing everywhere, nothing but high energy party vibes. If you're looking for a little sit down lounge then you can just pass on by, this is not that kind of place. But if you aren't scared to get a little wild and enjoy some fat hip hop then come on in, I've yet to have anything but a great time when I'm here.Tribe Called Quest. The Lox. Gang Starr. The Luniz. Too $hort and of course some E-40. Old school Dre and Snoop. Seriously, why would I go anywhere else?
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,11/21/2012,1839,601,15,16,19>Italian food in Koreatown? Really?Yes, really. Honestly, I'd say the food is.... good. Not great and def. not horrible.BUT, my friend and her husband are VERY particular about their foods, LOVED it!And that means something.The place is VERY cute! Perfect date spot for the korean fobs who live in KTOWN who don't have a car. It's walking distance, ambiance is great and they serve alcohol! We sat in the patio section and it was nice, we got to people watch and car watch. Since the patio faces the valet/parking area.I had the chicken salad which was really good (could've been better if I remembered to ask for light dressing). They had previously ordered some dishes so I have no idea what they were so I can't help you there.Although my friend did mention that their spicy shrimp appetizer was really good. So good that they asked the kitchen to prepare pasta in that sauce because the other pasta dish they ordered wasn't as tasty. Yep, that's how they roll. Their selection of macarons are a plenty. I think they mentioned that the pastry chef at Bottega Louie made them but less sweeter for the Korean tastebuds? IDK if that's true but I will say the macarons were yummy!Salted caramel was my favorite, then white chocolate. The earl grey wasn't as good as BL.This is a must try place! If you live nearby that is or in the area!OH and for the coffee snobs, they have Intelligentsia coffee.
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2012,11/20/2012,939,270,14,15,14>Thanks, Mr. Coffee, for letting me study at your cafe. I know you just do drinks and desserts and it's alright because I can dine anywhere else. You're a good place to chill and chat with friends. You have comfortable couches by the windows. You have a lot of seating and I counted 6 tables by the wall / booths, 5 middle tables, and 4 couch and table areas. I'm sure about 50-60 people can pack the place up. Your grey chairs are comfortable (is it suede?) and there's a good amount of space on the tables so I can enjoy my drink and do my work. I enjoyed my Green Tea Latte today even though it was $5.95. I know that's the going rate here in Koreatown, but I appreciate that your to-go drinks are a lot cheaper and that can't be beat. But I want to sit inside and use your free WiFi (password in the menu) and I like to sit by the booths because the tables are spacious and you have a good amount of outlets. Your credit card min is $10, but that would mean I would have to buy a dessert or another drink to meet the minimum. It's a good thing I brought cash and if I didn't I'd have to use that ATM machine you have up front. Mr. Coffee, you are an elegant one. I like the color scheme of grey, silver, white, and black and I like your wallpaper. I even like your lamps hanging from the ceiling in groups of three. It's a little dim in the evening, but I see just fine.  I like your Korean music, the K-Pop and even the slow jams. You're a really good study spot. Your service is so-so, but you don't lose points for that since it might be a culture thing and you were able to serve me when I explicitly asked. I hear your shaved ice i hear is terrific and relatively cheaper than other cafes in the area. I also hear that your crepes, $7 to $8, are pretty good. Your cakes and other dessert come from Portos and I'm a fan of Portos. Mr. Coffee, you're good so far and it looks like I'll be studying in your cafe in the future.
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,11/19/2012,512,281,28,19,15>I've run through a lot of places in Los Angeles....for RECREATION, not from the police, don't be startin' rumors coz I'm brown. You name it, Santa Monica beach/Palisades Park, San Vicente grassy median, Rose Bowl loop, Wilshire K-Town to Downtown, Hancock Park to Hollywood, Dockweiler/Playa Del Rey beach path, Pan Pacific Park, La Cienega Park, random streets, blah blah....BUT....Silver Lake Reservoir is one of the coolest!I would say it's almost 2.5 miles round trip, maybe a bit less. It's a perfect distance because you can have a nice short 2.5-mile gallop, a palatable 5-mile jog, a tiring 12K, or a WTF-my-legs-are-jelly 10-mile run. The path is dirt along it's longer, substantial sides on Silver Lake Blvd/Armstrong Avenue and Silver Lake Drive (east and west), which is perfect for the knees. The small sides along Tesla Avenue and Van Pelt Place (north and south) are sidewalks or pavement. As of July 2012, they're currently doing construction to create a path on Tesla Avenue (north side). So no more running on the street! We'll have a designated safe path now!!The Silver Lake Meadow entrance is a good starting point for your jog. You should start there. DO WHAT I SAY. Starting north (counter-clockwise) is more challenging than starting south (clockwise). Going north has two uphills. One really steep and the other steady but steepish (by the dog park). The first hill will EFF you the eff up. Not even kidding. It does help to listen to Miley Cyrus' "The Climb" while trekking up. Hah, you think I'm joking.  If you are less of a runner, start going clockwise (south) around the Reservoir. Just be aware that as I'm passing you face-to-face, I will judge you as a weak human being with no mental capacity to challenge yourself. Too mean?Great scenery, great ratio of shade-to-sun, great knee-friendly path, great people/dog watching, great distance, GREAT FREAKIN' EVERYTHING. Oh and there are drinking fountains in front of the Silver Lake Meadow entrance along Silver Lake Blvd and in the park/playground along Van Pelt Place (southern side of the Reservoir--bathrooms in this park too). I'm ecstatic that they never drained and closed off Silver Lake Reservoir and instead turned it into a recreational mecca. Beautiful to look at I tell ya!  I mean, the water's probably uber-toxic, but WHATEEEEVER, we need our open space! Talks are out there to allow rowboats on the water in the Silver Lake Reservoir (since it's not a drinking source anymore) which would be fantastic! Okay, now, READY, SET, GOOOOOOO!!
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,11/18/2012,863,938,15,20,19>Decent, cheap, quick, take-out Chinese food.This place is part of the food court located in the same shopping center as the 99 Ranch Market, Ten Ren's Tea Time, and Full House Restaurant. There appeared to be over 20 different options laid out on hot plates. Everything looked good and freshly made, with a steady stream of business, even at 2PM in the afternoon. The ladies helping me behind the counter spoke little English, but pointing out what I wanted was sufficient. I chose 3 items (eggplant, beef stew and a tofu dish) for $4.99. It came with a small box of white rice and a bowl of soup. For only $5, I had a huge box of Chinese food and it tasted pretty decent. It fed me for two meals.Boba milk tea for only $0.99! It was definitely the cheapest I've ever seen. Even though the boba was terrible and the milk tea tasted weak, I reminded myself that it was only 99 cents. I'll have to remember to order the milk tea without boba next time.Price: 2 items - $3.99, 3 items - $4.99, 4 items - $5.99. I paid with cash, so I'm not sure if they accept credit cards. I'd assume cash only.A great value! I'll be back again.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,11/17/2012,653,210,11,20,19>Himalayan café is definitely not a mind-blowing dining experience nor is it likely to give you an unforgettable perception-changing meal.  However, it is quite capable of giving you a satisfied tummy with its decent portions, tasty food, and great service in a clean and bright environment for a fair price.  Located in Old Town Pasadena, it' an easy stop-in if you're looking for something Himalayan/Nepalese/Indian with a lot of spices and flavor.  Their chicken mo-mo seems to be their most popular dish.  It's a classic Asian-style chicken dumpling that comes with a tasty dipping sauce.Their lunch buffet is a fair deal too. If you're not familiar with the food, it's a good way to try a few different things without committing to an entire dish.  It's basically standard Indian fare consisting of Naan, a couple of curries, some salad, Tandoori Chicken and a little something sweet for dessert all for $9.99/person everyday from 11:30AM to 2:30PM.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,11/16/2012,971,448,39,38,38>Anywhere I can pick up delicious food for ten people in under five minutes for less than one hundred twenty dollars is my kind of place. Especially when somebody else is paying for it.The order?--Fifteen pound of de-kabobed meat, split evenly amongst lamb, chicken, and beef--Way too much lavash and garlic spread--Some kind of vegetarian dolmas beginning with an 's.' I didn't read the receipt closely before throwing it out, something I've already come to regret given that  this 's'-starting thing was my favorite part of the meal, and--A pound of bulgur dotted with chickpeas.Add  tabbouleh, and you've got an instant my-boyfriend's-Armenian-grandma-approved feast. Carousel is definitely not an eat-in establishment--get it to go, even if it means eating in your car, using your lap as a table--but I imagine it's nice for parties. Service is very fast, if not especially efficient. Two of the three times I've been here, the order, while correct, was misplaced*, and we were once quoted three different prices for one unchanging order. It was written off as a cash-versus-credit thing, which I will for the purposes of this review accept, though I'm still trying to figure out where the third quote came from.Three point five stars, rounded to four because I am a nice person.*In Carousel's defense, the orders were found within two minutes, each time on a table designated for take-out orders--just not on those they ought to've been.
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,11/15/2012,700,318,19,28,24>This was an unexpected find this past weekend!Parking for $7 flat fee across the street (Union).  There's a nice pink neon side off of Union to show you where the entrance is.  Watch out walking up that long flight of stairs!We wanted to hit up B&N to check out travel plans for potential honeymoon locations.  Boy toy wanted some eats so I was like uhm MiPiace (quality has dropped over the years), Cheesecake Factory (packed & you can get this chain everywhere)...gotta check out Yelp! for something new.First thing that popped up was Katie B's phenom review from 2009 - THREE YEARS AGO & since then, a whole slew of you gave ranges of 1 to 4 stars (majority on the 4 stars end).  So we decided to give it a try.  They're on Open Table so make sure to reserve to get your 100 points!This past weekend was super hot so we decided to sit indoors.  It was a little stuffy & then got breezy as the servers opened the doors to go out to the patio & I got a whiff of a/c here and there.  Overall it wasn't too bad.  It was pretty busy for a Sunday early evening around 6 p.m.  I see some past Yelper reviews of poor service.  They were busy & whizzing around inside & out but they always swung by to check on us & a hand raised never went unanswered - so excellent service!Started off with a Mediterranean Appetizer BABAGHANOUSH SPREAD (roasted eggplant puree with spices (garlic/tahini) & covered in olive oil to be paired with flat pita breads).  I ended up using the house bread (more like a garlic/parsley flat focaccia).  DELICIOUS!yelp.com/biz_photos/seBT…Then boy toy & I shared the RED CURRY RISOTTO WITH SEAFOOD (clams, black mussels, shrimp, spinach & red onions on a deliciously flavorful risotto bed - don't forget to mix it as there was all this additional extra sauce at the bottom!)yelp.com/biz_photos/seBT…& MOUSSAKA (ground beef with eggplant mix on top of potato slices covered with a white Bechamel sauce that even had a thin layer of cheese on top (?).  I thought this wouldn't have cheese on top...but there was something cheesy & gooey and oh so delicious!yelp.com/biz_photos/seBT…We stuffed ourselves so much, when our waiter Genaro brought out the dessert menu, I about cried.  The 1st item was a chocolate & espresso pot de creme and I had no room in my tummy.  I HEART POT DE CREME!Definitely a place to come back to.  I even saw a wedding reception going on downstairs in The Rococo Room.  I would have loved to have our wedding reception here but we've already put down a deposit elsewhere.  If you haven't gone, please, give this restaurant a try!
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,11/14/2012,842,430,15,24,22>I'm a fan of mushrooms.So if you're anything like me, when you order the uni and mushroom pasta I suggest to order an extra side of mushrooms to add to your entree.Last time I had a mix of shrooms and something, the only thing I could remember was a feeling of euphoria.The dining experience I had at Fat Spoon almost came close to duplicating that feeling.Other items on the menu were just as good, but if I'd ever come back here ... I'll come with a group to have them order the squid ink pasta, curry loco moco and even the tarako pasta so we can all share in the love that is Fat Spoon.Everything on the menu is reasonably priced and equally delicious.Yeah.You know what I'm talking about.
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,11/11/2012,720,657,10,17,18>After a tiring day of helping my friend paint walls, I was paid back with delicious pizza and  beer. The pizzas are sharable in size, and for a group of three we were okay with splitting two pizzas. It really doesn't matter which pizza you pick, since they are all bound to be good hot from the oven. The crust of the pizzas are thin and light, it curiously reminded me of Indian nan. These pizzas are my favorite type, thin crust and simple but fresh ingredients. Brings me back memories of eating pizza in Rome. =)Beer from Italy was a nice find here, usually it's Italy=wine in my brain. The price isn't expensive for an import either, can see people stopping here for a few after work. The Moretti la Rossa is my kinda beer, dark and NOT bitter. Lighter than Guinness and has a slightly sweet bread flavor. I'll readily admit that I don't know too much about beer, so I'm not going to even try to explain the subtleties but just recommend this on flavor to the beer snobs out there. According to the internet it's a Doppelbock. =p
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2012,11/10/2012,203,158,11,16,13>Good and cheap pizza in DTLA! Small pizza parlor with a few seats only. Better if you just park somewhere and walk to the place. Very convenient for people who work nearby.The price is $2.99 + tax per slice which is a pretty good deal! For me, the size is equivalent of 2 slices which is already filling LOL.I've tried the Salami & Bacon, Pesto and Cheese. I don't know the exact names because there weren't any signs/labels, so please correct me if I'm wrong. :) They were a little bit oily, but delicious. ;)Will definitely go back again!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,11/9/2012,436,626,18,22,18>When my friend suggested eating at a dessert place with fruit, the little light bulb in my tummy started to shine so brightly *ding ding ding*! Fruity desserts are my fave and this place made my tummy and I so happy! I got the MIXED FRUIT WITH ICE ($5.99). You actually get to pick the flavored ice (like watermelon, coconut juice, mango, etc). I had the coconut juice flavored ice topped with watermelon, cantaloupe, and honeydew balls, strawberries, mango, and kiwi. PLUS sago and coconut milk. It was sucha pretty presentation.How did it taste? In the words of Usher, "OMG." Like, I wanna slap that booty good kinda good! The coconut milk made the coconut juice ice so creamy. The sago balls played around in my mouth and the fruit to munch on was so refreshing. Okay, I have to literally lift my jaw off the floor now because it was THAT good. Coco helped me out and she was really sweet and provided my friend with the wifi pw to this place. Other info to note: CASH ONLY, big dessert menu that was pretty overwhelming for a first timer, and other food items include shaved ice and yummy fruit drinks. I'm going to frequent this place often during my lunch breaks or after work/school!!!!
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,11/8/2012,311,551,11,12,13>I have no idea why the rating for this place is not 4+. I have been on a hunt for Cajun food since dining at Cha Cha Cha in SF. I accidentally came across this place and was so surprised I had not known about it being it was not far from home. So, my boyfriend and I came here for dinner tonight for our Monthiversary.The restaurant is on the corner of the plaza where Tokyo Wako is. It was a bit hard to find but we found it! We walked in the restaurant and it was empty. But I had a good feeling about it. My hidden gem sense was crawling out. Sat down and I spoke with the server George as to what was good. He made lots of suggestions and we ended up ordering the Louisiana BBQ Shrimps ($14.99) and Jambalaya ($14.99). They first brought out cornbread for us. Being that I'm Asian and don't really celebrate Thanksgiving the traditional way, I love cornbread when I can get them. It was fresh and warm. Quickly, it disappeared from the plate. Our food arrived soon after. We could smell it before it came. The Jambalaya was so flavorful. With sausage, shrimps, and chicken, thank gosh the boyfriend and I were sharing because portions were huge. They do not cheap out on the ingredients. The Louisiana BBQ Shrimps was mouthwatering. Larges shrimps with heads still on drenched in a buttery garlic sauce served with garlic bread for dipping. YUMM! Loved every bite of it. They also kindly gave us more cornbread and garlic bread when we ran out. We had great service. Not sure if it's because it was empty or they give that great of a service on a normal basis. But nonetheless, service was good. They came around, refill our waters, asked how our meal was and if we needed anything else. Very friendly staff. There offer lunch and dinner specials, too. The boyfriend and I really enjoyed our dinner here tonight. Looking forward to coming back and of course, bringing the friends!
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2012,11/7/2012,676,626,22,26,24>Here is a little secret about introverts: sometimes, we tend to be overwhelmed in certain public places but we "play it cool" and act unaffected. We sport poker faces and act like we "do this all the time" (whatever the social affair may be). This was my tactic when I stepped foot into the MASSIVE Valley Thrift Store... whoa nelly! Valley Thrift Store is in an old Circuit City Building (you will recognize the red corner facade) which means it is huge. I'm not talking huge, as in it is actually average and I'm just exaggerating about its size; it truly is HUGE! The square footage is lofty and is covered with clothing, shoes, purses, artwork, housewares, tools, electronics, toys, jewelery, furniture, books, CDs, bedware, lingerie, sporting goods... even outdoor swingsets for kids and dog houses for the pups! If you can name it, Valley Thrift has it. I was blown away upon entering (and I am a thrift store pro) so I donned my poker face to act unaffected. Shockingly enough, Valley Thrift is quite organized and clean. The floors don't have piles of clothing, aisles are labeled and make sense in organization, and there aren't any terrible odors. It CAN be squished and hard to maneuver because there are an insane amount of products plus the store is busier than ants enjoying a free picnic; but other than that, the store itself is in rather good condition. Also annoying is the number of children running amock (even though employees makes announcements in both English and Spanish that parents should keep their children with them at all times). There are some AMAZING finds at Valley Thrift. The female clothing is rather modern and in good shape. One will definitely find Forever 21 dresses or even some higher-end fashions. If you love vintage like me, you may not find much vintage clothing BUT the other departments are rampant with retro, mod, and danish-modern goods! I found amazing 70s owl items (anyone who is anyone knows I am obsessed with owls), danish modern coffee tables and dressers (I want them!), an antique children's wagon (great art piece), an antique radio, antique iron bird cages, etc. Heaven! The only issue is that prices are actually rather high. Items I find elsewhere for 99 cents are $2 here. Dresses are about $7.One can also meet some great people at Valley Thrift. I was terribly upset walking around with a sad face (poker face was gone at this point). Why? It turns out that Valley Thrift only accepts cash! BOOOO!!! I had my heart set on the decorative bird cage and owl item. An older gentleman in his 50s saw my gloom and sparked up a conversation (he is a regular at Valley Thrift). He was kind enough to offer to buy one of the items for me! WOW! Aside from the cash only down fall, Valley Thrift also has parking situations. The lot is well-sized and is free but fills up rather quickly (plus people shop for a long time since the store is huge) and there is no thru lane! Meaning, you have to back up if you traveled down a lane to see if parking is available. The lot is scary and accident-prone! The hours are also poor, as they tend to close at 6pm.Despite some of the negative points, Valley Thrift is amazing and much suggested for a fun find or a browsing trip. Just make sure to be aware of the parking lot and bring cash!
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,11/6/2012,5000,1442,23,26,22>Hold the door!  Folks, we got a new entry near the top to the "Berger knows Burgers" list.  From the first impression (large patio) and cute young lady servers (hello!), it already had the makings for fun.  The weather has cooled down, and at 615pm -- it was lovely to sit outside.  Note: good thing because inside is just a smallish bar, a couple of TV's, and a handful of seating (booth seats).  Outside, however, tons of small tables (with a retractable roof), and rockin' kick-arse music.  yelp.com/biz_photos/stou…The menu is fun, too.  About a dozen burger choices (all $10), and nice to see "ground chicken" as a choice to beef or veggie, rather than the standard (yet delicious) turkey types.  The one downer -- no substitutions.  You can remove, but you cannot add, swap, or switch anything.  They come the way the are, and that's it.  Burger nazi?  Well, no questioning here -- they have some incredible choices, which made it difficult, not that any would be wrong.  I chose the "Stout Burger", a gentle choice for my first time try.  yelp.com/biz_photos/stou…Holy cow, literally!  From the picture, you can see it has a mighty big bun.  But it's so soft, it just pressed right down and right on in my mouth -- no issues (and no "choo choo" needed).  The meat was cooked perfectly (even more well-done, I know...I know...WTH), still super juicy, seasoned, and high quality (a good 8 oz'er).  I'm talking really, really good here -- like the kind you want to have a smoke with afterwards.  yelp.com/biz_photos/stou…With super nice servers (mine in particular, Ariane), a side of Fried Zucchini ($4, one of my 402 weaknesses, yelp.com/biz_photos/stou…), tons of microbrews ($8ish), the superb outdoor patio, and easy valet ($4) -- it made meeting some nice peeps and tables all around me fantastic.  No pretense, just good, old-fashioned, party on the patio.Special thanks to yelper extraordinaire, Tati R., who recommended Stout for me to try!  Yay for Tati!  Yay for Randy!---9/26/12 -- Berger's back 4 more burger, 2nd day in a row. Danielle recommends the "Shu", who am I to argue with a 3 yr tenured server?  I'm a lover not a fighter.yelp.com/biz_photos/stou…yelp.com/biz_photos/stou…
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,11/5/2012,1135,618,29,42,38>The two best foot massages I've ever had were both NOT in the SGV!I know...you're shocked!Several friends and I engage in a twice a month ritual we like to refer to as "Grub & Rub." Hopefully, your mind is not in the gutter and do not interpret this event as anything more than grub=dinner & rub=foot massage! Frankly, I despise the cuisine options we have in the SGV, and equally am weary of going to establishments with massage therapists handling me ever so gingerly (which is quite common).Enter Wilshire Foot Spa: A foot spa located in the epicenter of culinary diversity. But I digress, this review really should be more about the rub rather than the grub.yelp.com/biz_photos/u84p…My buddy Derek J. made reservations for 9:00pm. We arrived early and after a few minutes loitering in their tranquil dimly lit lobby, we were escorted to the massage area. Now compared to other places I've been, their massage area was not very dark, possibly about 40% brightness. That really didn't ruin the experience because I closed my eyes during the entire session.We were asked what our preferred pressure level was. I opted for a firm massage. I've learned my lesson because usually a "firm massage" in the SGV equals medium pressure but a genuinely firm massage is much appreciated. My therapist, Wendy, not only applied firm pressure, she also was strong throughout the session and was highly skilled hitting all my pressure points.Unlike my experience at Jade Foot Massage in Irvine, Wendy nor the host did not inquire about any problem area to concentrate on, however, that was unnecessary because Wendy was thorough. I left feeling like a new man from head to toe!My ideal massage will always involve Martina at Burke Williams in SaMo. Her therapy sessions are unparalleled but also comes at a premium price ($130 50-minute Deep Tissue plus tip). For a measly $20, you can have a very satisfying hour long massage at a fraction. At foot massage spas, I tend to tip $10-20...but I suppose a 5 spot does the trick. Oh, credit/debit cards are accepted.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,11/4/2012,629,1325,37,45,44>I adore this place and the owners! My sister threw her Dirty 30th Birthday here this past weekend and this place was great! AS A SLEEPING PLACE:The concept of this place is that they are like a hostel - where you stay in beds and there is a shared space. The beds are REALLY cool. They are pods - 18 - and they are like bunk beds. One on the top and one on the bottom. They are really COOL. They each have their own TV with Netflicks, Vimeo, Flickster, Hulu on it. So you can watch whatever you want  - using your own headphones. The beds are comfy too. They also have two of the beds that are queen size (the others are standard). The queen size can fit two people. ONE PERSON, PER STANDARD BED. :DThe standard bed for a night is $40! That's really good for a place in Hollywood - near all the cool stuff. The queen - which you can share - is $60. Remember... this is IN Hollywood. They also have private rooms upstairs for a bit more but you get your own room and bathroom. Pretty good.The beds are comfy and the people there - that I met - were foreigners and pretty cool. They really get tons of people from all over the world. The pods remind me of the dorm rooms in college. You have your space and it's really comfortable. LOCKERS:They have lockers for you (and sell locks too) to put your important stuff away. So you don't need to worry about someone stealing from your bed if you left it there. They are pretty spacious too. I was able to put four or five purses and boots in there. AMENITIES:They have computers for you to use and a lounge chair and a full kitchen. The bathroom is a full bathroom too. They really provide for their guests - blowdryer, lotions, hair stuff, etc. Yes... and WIFI. They also have a webcam/photo set up on the wall - all touch screen - for memories and parties. You can do video and post it on your youtube or upload the photos on facebook. :D Seriously... awesome technology.PARTY:We used the entire bottom space as a party venue. It fits about 50 comfortably. They told me they once had 200. Damn. It was hard with 50. If you have a party here - which you should if you have a small party - there is a $100 fee (and could be discounted if you help promote them - getting LIKES on their facebook). And another rule is that you have to allow the current guests who are renting for that night be able to join in on your party. No biggie. We met hot foreigners! Bonjour Frenchie! :DIf you really want the place private - just your party! - Rent out ALL the pods. They give you free range of the room (my sister set up the DJ in the front) and also if you want to with no charge - borrow their beer pong table!You MUST clean up after yourself afterward and have guests leave by 1.30am. The people staying in the hostel must be in by 2am.They also provide free photography services - which they upload onto their facebook. HOSTS:Elvina and Joni are SO awesome. She really put her heart and soul into this place. Her dad built the pods!!! Damn. They really did a great job on this place. I walked in and I was impressed with the place. It's very modern!PARKING:Valet parking next door for $7.Street parkingThis place was great and I really am interested in throwing more parties here and renting out the pods. You should too! This is a great modern hip place to be for a GREAT price. Be sure to book in advance because they fill up fast!
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,11/3/2012,3365,753,32,29,30>The way to any man's heart is by clogging it...with pork fat.  Well, that's the way to MY heart anyways....DOUBLE BLTAyelp.com/biz_photos/ktUt…The pic is deceiving because the perfectly braised PORK BELLY is hiding underneath the balsamic tomatoes and butter lettuce....there's also a bed of fresh avocado and it is topped off with crispy, crunchy BACON all housed in their fresh baked country bread.  Luckily, you get a dominating pork belly taste with decent balance from the veggies....just not enough bacon! But still REALLY damn good.CURED SALMON TOASTyelp.com/biz_photos/ktUt…This thing was almost too gawdamn pretty to eat.  So I was pretending to be healthy and ate this along with the BLT...cuz I'm an idiot.  The toast was just a tad bit burnt and kinda hard, but the fresh chunks of cured salmon were perfect, layered with nice avocado slices, tasty halved capers, hard cooked egg slices and diced radish with a sprinkle of pepper.  DELICIOUS.FYI.  I am also a pretty considerate bastard and halfway decent husband so I took some baked goods to go for the wife...CHOCOLATE CHIP RYE COOKIEyelp.com/biz_photos/ktUt…Rich, soft, tasty....I liked it, chocolate was just a tad bit bitter.  Son loved it.FLOURLESS CHOCOLATE BROWNIEyelp.com/biz_photos/ktUt…Chocolate overload but damn tasty.BROWN BUTTER BUNDTyelp.com/biz_photos/ktUt…Not bad, not great.MINI CHOCOLATE CHIP STUMP CAKEyelp.com/biz_photos/ktUt…Again, chocolate kinda bitter, but pretty good.APPLE GALLETTEyelp.com/biz_photos/ktUt…Best of the bunch!  Crispy, tender, flaky, buttery crust with thin slivers of tasty apples. EXCELLENT!The wife and I had a ridiculously wonderful dinner at Hatfield's last week and Quinn and Karen Hatfield are amazing...this is their more casual sophomore effort and I can't wait to go back with the family in tow.URINAL PLACEMENTyelp.com/biz_photos/ktUt…This thing was so damn low to the ground I would have had to kneel to pee comfortably....so instead, I sat on the toilet like any respectable lady would.  Fu*k, I don't know what the hell is wrong with me.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,11/2/2012,689,228,21,20,20>Wanna go to The Hat? :OChilli Cheese Fries: bombWet Fries: bombRegular Fries: still bombOrder these while under the influence? Boy, will your taste buds be blown out of the water. I don't know how they do it, but every time I'm drunk I automatically turn to these guys for comfort food. It's the perfect substance to soak up the remaining alcohol in your system. Watching your weight? Who cares! You shouldn't have been here in the first place. You know you can't resist now! The best part about this place? They're open till 1AM everyday!! My go-to place for midnight munchies.BEWARE: These orders are prepared to feed hungry people. If you're not a big eater, I highly recommend you find a partner in crime or three, pronto!Now I want some of The Hat fries... :/
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2012,11/1/2012,964,598,19,24,23>We came by here last week, as this place just opened the week before.  It's a pretty cool lounge with a central bar area and lots of seating and an awesome patio area!!This bar is located inside the Lincoln Plaza Hotel on the 2nd Floor.  I haven't been here in a very long time & didn't even know they had a bar in the hotel.We got to try some different snacks and drinks during happy hour.  The fried lotus root with furikake was pretty good, crispy & light.  We got the chicken wings which were crispy and had a nice soy dressing.I got a strawberry daiquiri that came out flaming!  That was fun to watch.  ;)  The drink itself had a good flavor, but a little bit icy.  The other drinks looked really good too, especially the pear one!  Gonna try that next time!The patio has some tables and a huge fire pit!!  LOVE IT!!  I can see us hanging out here on nice summer nights.Also loved the atmosphere!  It was dark and sexy.  The seats were really comfy and the feel was very loungy.Service was good and attentive.Tip:  Park on the roof of the parking & walk in through the patio.  There are LOTS of parking!  ;)
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/28/2012,10/31/2012,507,712,24,32,33>Downey now has a superior Mexican Bakery!!!!I knew you had it in you Downey!!!!Now I do not have to travel all the way to Commerce, Bell Gardens or East Los Angeles to get fine Mexican bread!There is a great selection of bread unlike many many Mexican bakeries! They pay attention to detail. They have for example a Mexican polvoron "crumble" bread that is baked to look like a slice of watermelon. The bread is simply beautiful to look at and really, really ridiculously good too!!!!I also ate an empanada de guayaba "guava turnover" and it was heavenly!!!! The filling is superior to that of Porto's and Tropicana's guava pastries and that is saying a lot - I kid you not!!!! The filling tastes fresh and natural. It's nice and tangy too! Just like homemade. Plus they do not skimp on the filling. The empanada bread is soft and tasty too! The conchitas de chocolate "chocolate shells" are also very soft and tasty. They have cinnamon cookies which are excellent too!The bread display cases are not falling apart as at many other bakeries. The place is clean. I got here on a Saturday morning at around 10:30 am and there was tons of fresh out of the oven bread waiting for them to put into the bread display cases!They have one table where you can sit and enjoy your bread if you like.Parking can be an issue for some reason even though they are located in a small strip mall with plenty of free parking. I was lucky to find parking today.Ponce's Bakery also serves menudo on weekends! I will come back to try it!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,10/30/2012,792,80,12,27,18>ABSOLUTELY, one of my favorite things to do in LA! If you are looking for a good time that is well worth the money, this is the place.The real inside scoop on Eatz is that they like to get you drunk. Expect to have at least 5-7 glasses of cocktails or wine while your cooking. That's half of the reason this cooking school is more fun then their competitors. I love that you don't feel as if they are trying to be stingy, they definitely encourage you to eat and drink as much as you want!Since most of the classes start around 7 pm, I usually head straight from work. The times are great for anyone that works the 9-5, and you can take home leftovers for lunch the next day (you literally get that much food).In the past, I have taken three classes:1. Island Fever: Jamaican cooking class that included plantains, banana flambe with ice cream, jerk pork chops, and coconut fried rice. 2. Moulin Rouge: French cooking class that included rouge brulee with raspberries and white chocolate, porcini crusted steak, and a poached egg salad with bacon lardons and a red wine dressing (honestly, I wasn't that excited about the salad, and then it turned out to be my favorite dish of the night). 3. A Flight to India: Indian cooking class that included garlic naan (how cool is it to be able to make your own naan at home?), coconut curry, and rose pudding with raisins.  I loved learning how to make healthy indian food, but out of all the classes, this is probably the one I would least use at home. I can't see myself making Indian food when it tastes better from the pros and is probably more expensive for me to cook. It was still interesting to take the class, but I would recommend something else if you tend to love Indian takeout (it just doesn't taste quite the same). My favorite part about the experience is that they email you a pdf of all the recipes you learned during the class. You don't have to worry about taking notes or trying to remember anything during your class (especially with all of those cocktails).Even with the $95 price tag, the classes are worth every penny. I haven't had a bad class yet, and I've always brought home tons of leftovers. I would recommend becoming a fan of Eatz LA on Facebook. They have specials every so often. I actually ended up getting a buy one, get one free deal last month.
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,10/29/2012,484,473,10,14,11>Let the kids run and jump, burn some energy. My wife and I have held plenty of parties here for the boys and have enjoyed the open playtime with the kids.When it comes to birthday parties, Party Kingdom is the perfect place. You basically let the kids play in a giant confined play room. As an adult, you can join in the fun or sit at a table and socialize. Staff does a great job of moving the party from room to room and an even better job during the dining experience. Despite the name Jojo's, the pizza is pretty good. My kids and I always enjoy our pizza slices.The eating rooms are a bit small but it doesn't bother me to much.  The best part of having the birthday party here is that I don't have to clean up once everything is done.When it comes to open playtime it can get crowded. We like to visit open playtime right when it opens and we leave as soon as it gets crowded like a club. Open playtime occurs Wednesday and Thursday, 9:30 AM to 1:00 PM, it's $7.00 per child, and adults are freeeeeeeee! Don't forget to sign the waiver form, I wouldn't want any lawsuits that would cause Party Kingdom to close down.
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2012,10/28/2012,312,258,12,14,16>It's kinda' one of my favorite places in LA. I love pie, I love to put my face deep in it and indulge! Truth I won a pie eating contest when I was little n' shit. I won a cherry pie and I ate that sweet thing up within a couple days but I digress, dig?House of Pies restaurant & Bakery has been an LA staple since the 1960's and I hope it never ever goes away. A cup of coffee and a huge wedge of whatever my mood wants is sometimes the best treat in the world. Delicious without being pretentious or clever, just old time good stuff in a basic environment.Some may think it's just boring but not to me, man!This is usually always on my list of places to go when I'm in townOne complaint is that they're not open 24 hours but that's just me being a turd.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,10/27/2012,456,372,42,36,37>Yo!  You know that place from West LAI took my wife, our second dateThey've gone the Pasadena wayTo serve their izakaya platesI got a 50-bill couponSo let's get the grubbin' onWanna feel that Boom Boom PowTake me to Musha nowMy heart goes Boom Boom BoomGotta get more Room Room Room (in my stomach now)Room Room Room (in my stomach now)Boom Boom Boom (pumps my heart now)Boom Boom Boom (pumps my heart now)Boom Boom PowBoom Boom PowI like them Mu-sha foodTheir chicken's Japanese styleKara-age M-F-CEach bite just makes me smileTheir yakiudon rocksFried in those special woksTaste buds go Boom Boom PowTake me to Musha NowMy heart goes Boom Boom BoomGotta get more Room Room Room (in my stomach now)Room Room Room (in my stomach now)Boom Boom Boom (pumps my heart now)Boom Boom Boom (pumps my heart now)Boom Boom PowBoom Boom PowThey got some bomb carpaccioRaw salmon that's creamyTakotama so onoblack ice cream sesamebanana tempuraThat makes me ooh and aahBrain cells go Boom Boom PowTake me to Musha NowMy heart goes Boom Boom BoomGotta get more Room Room Room (in my stomach now)Room Room Room (in my stomach now)Boom Boom Boom (pumps my heart now)Boom Boom Boom (pumps my heart now)Boom Boom PowBoom Boom Pow
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/26/2012,10/26/2012,802,369,16,23,22>Give me my Pisco and no one gets hurt!Located at the outskirt of Silver Lake where Santa Monica and Virgil intersect is The Virgil. Decorated with stark simplicity on the outside, it is easy to think that there's not much excitement going on at this place...WRONG.The Virgil is chill, relaxed, sexy and almost nonconforming. In a sea of lounges and bars that drowns the atmosphere with loud music and bass, it is a nice change of pace and a relaxed way to enjoy the evening with an ambient sound coming from an old school Juke box. The place is divided into two sections, The smaller lounge area is open most nights, The larger section is open on special evenings, it has a nifty little stage where a live band performs to delight and entertain the patrons, call it your living amuse-bouche a little taste of them goes a long way, a true hors d'œuvre for your listening pleasure. Please check their online calendar to see schedule of upcoming performances, both sections have their own cocktail bar armed with capable bartenders...The Virgil's bartenders are very good, each has their own unique style and take on a certain drink. The Pisco Punch which I have truly enjoyed (my personal fave) has been prepared and served a many times during my visits. Kenny, Aaron & Esther (different nights) served me their take on the drink and each delivered a slightly different tone, flavor & punch, all drinks has the same essence and base flavor but sadly boys Esther has the magic touch- all your drinks were good but hers was exceptional, this is my favorite drink amongst the many in your cocktail list.If you are contemplating to visit The Virgil, I highly suggest going on a Tuesday night, cocktails are $6 all night happy hour! Regular days are cool too, whether you come by yourself for a night cap or with a group, The Virgil can and will surely help you have a fantastic night.à votre santé
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2012,10/25/2012,638,255,26,25,22>So I bet you didn't know that 38 degrees is the optimal temperature for serving beer. Well now you do. With the unbelievable onslaught of gastropubs galore opening up all across the Southland, I couldn't believe I missed this Alhambra establishment that has been open since June of 2009.The beers on tap and the bottled beer lists are very extensive, and if you happen to sit at the bar, make sure to look for Chris who has to be one of the better bartenders I have experienced in quite a long time. BTW, speaking of better, Chris happens to be the "better looking" bald bartender. Don't confuse him with the bald bartender that looks like Sloth from the Goonies. Hey you guyssss!So Mrs. K and I checked in on a Wednesday night to try their slider and beer pairing sampler for $20 some dollars. The sampler consisted of four sliders and four taster-sized beers... oh yea, and their menu changes weekly. Don't ask me what the sliders were because I honestly don't remember. Let's just say, too much beer. All I can recall was that there was duck, salmon, and bulgogi (Korean-style beef). Being Korean, I was pleasantly surprised that Chef James Boyle was able to create a burger that tasted fucking legit - kimchi, radish, and all!Although the slider pairing was good, the culinary highlight for us had to be the chorizo flat bread ($6 ?). In fact, I would come back here just for the chorizo flatbread, which consisted of flat bread topped with spicy chorizo, cilantro, and other Mexican awesomeness that created an amazing fiesta in my mouth. Chasing the spicy flatbread with our craft beers was the ultimate pairing. In fact, beer fucking pairs well with anything... and the best beer pairing is to pair beer with more beer!In regards to their beers, it was great seeing all the local craft breweries represented such as Eagle Rock Brewery, Craftsman, and Golden Road. They also represented Russian River, Beachwood, and Firestone. But my favorite beer of the night was from a brewery in the boonies we all know as Bakersfield, the Kern River 5th Anniversary Double IPA. All I can say is that this smooth, hoppy beer with citrus notes was world-class.While it seems that some Yelpers did not like the service at the dining area, if you can find a seat at the bar, you can't go wrong, especially if Chris is working. To be honest, I'm giving 38 Degrees 5 stars because of a certain bartender and because of the chorizo flatbread. * The place is spacious... maybe a little too big since aside from the bar, the dining area was a bit empty. * I hope you like sports because the bar is filled with sports fans.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2012,10/24/2012,1235,545,12,26,19>This place is SO good and it just became my favorite place to get tea and boboa. Thank goodness for Yelp! because that's how I found this place. It's sort of hard to find because the signage on top of it says Champion Gourmet (Tenju share a space was Champion). The window directly below the signage says Tenju Tea House. First thoughs, GASP a tea and boboa place in the same plaza as Tea Station? Fierce competition, especially since Tea Station is so iconic and has been around so long.I tried both the Monk's Blend and The Cream Topped Green Tea. The Monk's Blend was very good. There are so many different flavors and its much more complex than your average tea drink. Even though I liked it a lot, it was still a little sweet for me so it tasted more like dessert rather than tea. However, the Cream Topped Green Tea was DIVINE! It's basically green tea with this cream on top and of course I added boboa. Per the lady that worked there, you're supposed to take the top off and drink it with the cream unti its aboutu 1/3rd gone. Then, pop the top back on and enjoy the rest of the drink and boboa with a straw. The cream is light and airy and it has a hint of saltiness. The green tea tasted very high in quality and the boboa was perfect. Not overcooked and all stuck together like many places I've been to. I will definitely come back to this place and try ALL the drinks! Based on the 2 drinks I tried, this place already deserved a 5 stars!Tips: 1 ) There is a small chalkboard sign of the 5 most popular drinks.         2) If you check in on your Yelp! mobile app, you get a buy 1 get the 2nd 20% off!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,10/23/2012,414,207,37,35,35>What can I say that hasn't been said in over 1100 reviews?  Is it worthy of over 1100 at-bats while still batting a thousand?  Is it a ghetto-looking Donut shack?  Is it in the no-man's land of Glendora?  Is it worth going all the way out to no-man's land to buy a box of donuts just to take them back home because there are only two benches and no tables to eat at?  Are the seasonal strawberry donuts the best thing ever?  The answer to all these burning questions is one big fat giant "YES!"In search of the infamous strawberry donut, one must first come and gaze upon the lone donut shack (yelp.com/biz_photos/NWHE…).  The majestic Donut Man sign dwarfs the owner's name "Jim."  Although the cartoon figure looks nothing like Jim Nakano (yelp.com/biz_photos/NWHE…), we weren't privileged enough to meet him this day.  But I'm sure we'll meet one day.  In fact, I'm sure everyone will get to meet him because if you've gone here once - I guarantee you'll be back again and again.  Your order is taken at the two take-out counters in the front, where you are taunted with a lineup of glistening red berry goodness (yelp.com/biz_photos/NWHE…).  The glass windows are barraged with face prints, finger prints, and saliva of people ogling over temptation personified in the form of do's and don'ts of nuts."Do" make sure once you receive that donut box, to open it up and start eating.  They are best when fresh.  So you're going to get that car seat a bit sticky - but there's nothing new with that right?  ;P  "Don't" wait till you get home to eat them, you'll loose that freshness effect.Sadly, the strawberry and peach donut holds its ground on price.  One specialty donut is $3.00 and no matter how many you get, there is no discount.  Their quick look-up chart goes to 6 dozen (72 donuts) that will end up costing you a whopping $216.00 - and it's a cash only business.  However, they do have a deal on an "employee-picked" dozen for $11.00 which includes a sampling of most of their donuts except for the strawberry and peach icons.The "other" donut price ranges are based on type:- Filled Bavarian Crème, Apple Crumb, Raspberry, and Lemon -  $1.50 each (yelp.com/biz_photos/NWHE…)- Crème Cheese, Crème Puff, and Peanut Butter - $1.70 each (yelp.com/biz_photos/NWHE…)- Apple Fritters, and Bear Claws - $2.00 each (yelp.com/biz_photos/NWHE…)- Cinnamon Rolls, and Donut Holes - $1.80 (yelp.com/biz_photos/NWHE…)I was completely taken with the whole Strawberry-filled donut phenomenon; as it was not overly sugary sweet, but naturally semi-sweet.  The concept of a handful of whole strawberries stuffed in a sliced spongy donut biscuit is a simplification of perfection that only a mad genius could think of.  Damn you Jim on creating something so tasty! *shakes fist*In my opinion - the strawberry donut is the only thing you would ever need to sell here, but we couldn't drive away without having experienced the other bastard children offered here.  We did try a handful of other donuts:  The filled apple crumb, lemon, maple, old fashioned, and bear claw; all were addictively tasty, but most were too sweet for my taste.  However, that's the nature of having glazes and thick sweet crèmes - so no real complaints here. "Damn it Jim, you're not a doctor, but you are one damn fine Donut Man"
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2012,10/22/2012,385,356,9,14,12>Nestled on the busy street of Hollywood, Blue Palms is a gastropub that's doesn't follow the pretentious vibe of Hollywood. What is does do, is serve draft craft beers and an exquisite food menu. An eclectic group of true beer snobs, dines and drinks away with the cacophony of chattering sounds of conversations and TV.The infamous Truffle Burger is a must taste. Tender, flavorful, and decadent with truffle mushrooms and oils. It truly is worth the trip.The Lobster Mac & Cheese is creamy, cheesy, with lobster chunks minus the fishy flavor and odor. Great two choices that wouldn't be so bad to make again.Great beer and delectable food is worth another visit to Blue Palms Brewhouse.
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2012,10/21/2012,38,133,10,63,21>WARNING: This is not for beginners! I've read that some inexperienced or out-of-shape people have completed this trail, but I feel it's very dangerous if you don't know what you're getting into. My boyfriend and I hike frequently and this was challenging for us. This was our second attempt after starting too late the first time.There's not much I can say that hasn't been said. Definitely go when it's cooler. But take a warm sweater or jacket as it is significantly colder at the top. Start BEFORE 9:00 am. It will take you all day, approximately 8 hours. Take at least 2 liters of water in a Camelbak. Take lots of snacks, you will need the energy.I don't know why people are saying it's 14 miles round trip. I guess depending on where you start it's different. Some people can start at Chantry Flats. We started from Eaton Canyon at 9:00 am. We didn't park at the parking lot, we parked in the residential area entrance by the waterfall off Pinecrest. It is approximately 18 miles round trip from this point. You will be hit by sun all the way until Henninger Flats campground, so wear sunblock and a hat. Pace yourself because you don't want to burn out too quick. There are bathrooms there so it's a good place to take a quick break.It's important to not run out of daylight on the way back so keep a steady pace. You will enter about 3 forests where it's nice and shady. We took bear spray in case we ran into predatory animals. After the flats you won't run into very many hikers. At around 5 miles (big pine tree, end of forest to clearning) we considered turning around. Once you get about 6 miles in, you will start to see people hiking down from the top. We had to cross over boulders from a rock slide which was physically challenging and fun, but we were already in pain. We started seeing our breath by this altitude and were starting to worry how cold it was going to get. My boyfriend had not brought a sweater. The end could not come soon enough. It felt like an eternity. We kept asking people how much longer and every time they said 1 mile. We couldn't wait to be done! We kept seeing people come down with heavy winter clothes. Some asked if we brought warmer clothes. One man told us we were getting close to the top and to not miss a small trail off to the right before the fire road. This trail is narrower and very rocky. Be careful because my legs were already weak at this point and you don't want to fall. You will be single file. Once we reached the top we were in clouds and could not see anything ahead of us!! I was disappointed because I wanted to see the panoramic view. It was 42 degrees! We checked beforehand and expected a high of 64. We were drenched in sweat but made sure not to cool too quickly. We ordered soup and hot chocolate from the cafe to warm up. I was a little worried and considered calling someone for a ride but we had no service. A nice couple offered to drive us down but we walked around for a mile looking for their car lol. We started feeling better and decided we should finish the adventure. We didn't want to be pussies lol. We made it down way faster. You will slip a lot as there are tons of little rocks. I fell once. I could not wait to get to the car. My whole body ached in places I never knew existed. Neither one of our packs ran out of water so 2L each should be good in cool weather. We reached the car at 5:45 pm.I would have to think hard about doing this hike again anytime soon.I hear this is the most challenging hike after San Gorgonio. Thoughts on this?Hike at your own risk. Be smart and try not to get injured. Enjoy!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,10/20/2012,354,182,29,31,27>Real cute and cozy, chairs and booths are still firm with padding, and the best part is no butt indents! Each table is even adorned with freshly picked flowers, none of that plastic wannabes.  They even play Croatian "pop" music throughout their cozy dining room, how cool is that?!    yelp.com/biz_photos/ndK-…Cream of Mushroom Soupyelp.com/biz_photos/ndK-…Cafe LuMar is definitely known for their Croatian style crepes, all fluffy and light, BUT my true love comes from their made from scratch Cream of Mushroom Soup!  They don't serve this soup all the time, but when they do, it's just amazinglyFUNGIrific!! Light, creamy soup with a bunch of yummylicious morsels of button shrooms.  I love this soup so much, just give me a pot of it and a "boba" straw and leave me alone (haha).  With each cup or bowl of soup, you aren't given crackers but instead a nicely toasted piece of bread. YUMMY!!Clam Chowderyelp.com/biz_photos/ndK-…Along with the mushroom soup, this isn't served everyday as well.  It's just as light and creamy and nothing like the ordinary clam chowders out there.  It's clammy and creamy and delicious all over!Spinach and Mushroom Crepe w/ Chickenyelp.com/biz_photos/ndK-…Crepe crepery, crepe crepery, crepe crepe creperee!! A bite as tastyscrumdiddlyumptioustastic, as tastyscrumdiddlyumtioustastic can be!  The crepe was so fluffy and light, nothing like the French crepes, filled with fresh goodness that gives you that warm, happy glittery feeling!!  Plus, the chef puts freshly shaved Parmesan cheese on the crepes, who does that?!  Seriously, you need to get on this!If you aren't a Spinach and Mushroom Crepe fan, I've also tried their Caprese and Ham and Peas Crepes, which were tastyscrumdiddlyumptious as well!!yelp.com/biz_photos/ndK-…At this point, I'm really all foodied out, but everything is so tasty that I came back for more! Turkey Pesto Panini w/ LuMar Saladyelp.com/biz_photos/ndK-…This sandwich was humongous!  It can literally serve 2, but I'm not sharing.  The pesto was refreshingly paired with provolone and their freshly sliced, roasted in house turkey breast in between two cruncherificrama slices of bread!  It's really filling and a great lunch menu item.  The LuMar salad was extremely tasty as well for something even more simple.  It's a cross between egg salad and potato salad and it's definitely a great mix.  After sitting there in a food coma, I have to commend their one and only server, Visnja (Vicki) she's just ohmygoodness fantabulous!! Whatever you want, she'll try to get it for you even though she's the only server for the whole dining room.  The service is prompt and courteous and she definitely makes you feel like you've been friends with her since you were born!  With Visnja as your server, you'll never be disappointed.  Overall, 4.777 stars. The meals are a bit pricey, especially when I order just a crepe for dinner, I'm still hungry; but the food and service is so fantabulous it's definitely a strong 5 star eatery!  I will be back for sure, especially to try their dessert crepes and to get my pot of mushroom soup!! This place is Tritia T. approved!! Happy eatings!
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2012,10/19/2012,635,232,18,21,18>I don't even know where to start. It's been days and I'm still in a food coma from RFD. I just started working on this whole vegan diet thing, and to be honest, I was hesitant for the longest time cause I didn't realize how many awesome Vegan restaurants and recipes that are easily accessible in Los Angeles in this day and age.  Real Food Daily certainly upholds that standard.I went here with a friend who spoke super highly of this place, and along with very positive yelp reviews, I was getting pretty excited to try some bomb Vegan eats. From entrance to exit, this place really takes the cake (vegan cake, of course). The service, the food, the atmosphere, all just leave you with a super positive and pleasant experience.We started with the sea cake as an appetizer and I ordered the Supreme Burrito, wet, and added the 'taco mix' (which was spicy grilled Seitan), which also came with a side salad. I had the Ginger Lemonade to drink. Zohmigod, everything was sooo ridiculously tasty. I could totally see how my friend orders like 10 sea cakes at a time - they are little patties filled with amazingness...so many ingredients I can't really say precisely what was in there but definitely had corn, some faux meat, and other veggies, topped with spicy mayo and drizzled with pesto sauce. It's lightly grilled and crispy on the outside and tender and warm on the inside. Dayumn! My mouth just salivated a little thinking about it. My excitement level continued to rise! My supreme burrito was supremely large - way beyond even Chipotle standards. I ended up eating half there and took the rest home and gorged on that ish later...love when you can double meal a meal. It was filled with every veggie under the sun, from grilled peppers to corn to salsa, and also had that spicy, crisp grilled Seitan, yowza! I loved the range of textures inside that beast, such a nice balance. I washed it down with the very tasty Ginger Lemonade, sweet, but not too sweet, and with a nice kick of Ginger swirled in. I also tried my friend's Kale Cucumber Lemonade which I will probably get next time, green, sweet, and definitely tasty. I was very impressed with service here. We sat outside and enjoyed the lovely sunshine on Labor day, and I'm pretty sure a few sunbeams bounced outta our waiter - dude just had the best energy. He recommended some tasty items off the menu, was very knowledgeable, friendly, and courteous. Honestly, some of the best wait service I've ever had. And to think, I passed by this place a million times thinking it was too bougie for me. No way; no uppityness, no getting ignored for long bouts of time, just good ol fashioned customer service with a smile. Only awkward part, I could hear the couple behind me talking about how great of 'movement' Vegan food gave them LOL. Vegans sure are open. But hey, just the big circle of life haha.This place is awesome. Vegan or not, you can enjoy the huge range of items on the menu, get some fantastic down-to-earth service, and get mad cravings to return pretty much as soon as you drift out the door. Can't wait to go back.
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2012,10/18/2012,663,707,11,19,16>Ink was what I'd call a hit-or-miss experience, but the hits were so outstanding that they more than made up for the misses (and semi-misses). HITS:carrots, coconut ice, cardamom soil, carrot juice curry (so unique and interesting!)pork belly, charcoal oil, BBQ flavor, macaroni and cheese (amazingly cooked pork belly)apple dessert with caramel and burnt wood ice cream (all of the elements worked together perfectly)SEMI-MISSES:spaghetti, giant squid, squash, hazelnut pesto (the "spaghetti" is made out of squid)poutine, chickpea fries, yogurt curds, lamb neck gravy (lamb flavor too strong for this non-lamb lover)sea bass, cauliflower, smoked raisin, caper, brown butter (just kinda blah)MISSES:foie gras, waffle, smoked maple, hot sauce (not a fan of cold foie)crab, charred avocado, whipped fish sauce, mushroom chicharron (nothing special and unlike the apple dessert, the individual elements did not mesh well)brussels sprouts, pigs ears, lardo, apple (oversauced)We definitely want to go back to sample the other items on the menu that we weren't able to try this time around. We would order all 3 of the HITS again though, that's how good they were!
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,10/17/2012,2495,2210,21,24,19>Oh man.  So let's get the gripes out of the way.  Bulgarini is crazy expensive.  $2.50 per melon ball of gelato, with a three melon ball minimum.  Matt B. and I spent $17.50 (with a $1.50 tip on top) for our ice cream excursion - the equivalent of a burger dinner with fries, or a matinee movie with popcorn.  Bulgarini is also very far from our house.  I don't think it's better than Pazzo, which is much cheaper and closer to home.  And look, I know not everyone lives in Los Feliz, but I can't be the only person who feels this way - Bulgarini is located in a desolate strip mall in Altadena, a place that is convenient for almost no one.  "Hey that ice cream shop looks cute.  I'll stop in after I run my errand at this Rite-Aid that's so ugly I actually thought it was closed," says nobody, ever.  I guarantee that Bulgarini gets no foot traffic.  Even within the strip mall, it's so tucked away that it's hard to see from the parking lot.  In fact, I'm impressed that Bulgarini stays in business with a customer base that sprawls the city.The prices are probably justified.  After all, $20 isn't too much to pay for a day's outing.  The gelato is made in small batches, so the cost per batch must be pretty high.  The ingredients are top quality, and the gelato is very fresh.  There's a sense of craftsmanship in each scoop, and the humble shop reinforces that image.  Service is good and friendly.  It's a small operation with little staff, but ample sampling is allowed.I loved the gelato.  It was creamy and light, with a fast-melting texture that felt delicate and luxurious on my tongue.  If you require any chew in your gelato, Bulgarini will not give you that, but you won't miss it.  I've never been to Italy, so I'll take everyone else's word for it that this gelato is authentic.  I don't really care.  It's delicious.I wanted to try the famous pistachio, but was informed that there would be no pistachio gelato for a couple weeks.  Why?  Because Bulgarini obviously only makes its pistachio gelato from top grade pistachios, and there wouldn't be any for a couple weeks.  Fair enough.  I had plenty of other flavors to choose from.After an indulgent round of samples, I settled on a four scoop cup with hazelnut, crema, mango, and crema di limone.  The hazelnut was up there with the best hazelnut gelato I've ever had, rich with purity of flavor and just enough sweetness.  The crema was the mildest flavor, but it was clean and milky, splashing freshness on my palate.  Mango was superb.  I expected it to be tangy, but it was a robust, rich gelato, pouring ripe juice with each little bite.  I also loved the crema di limone, a refreshing creamy lemon gelato that leapt with zest.  Matt ordered his three scoops with two flavors - two scoops of strawberry, one of vanilla.  (He has the adventurous palate of a child.)  The strawberry was delightful, a straight sorbet delivered straight from the fruit.  The vanilla, though, was the one that impressed us both.  It was the best vanilla ice cream either of us had ever had, laced through with irrepressible vanilla bean flavor.  You know how calling someone vanilla is kind of a put-down?  Well I would love to be this vanilla.I only sampled a few other flavors that I didn't end up getting, and they were all quite noteworthy.  The chocolate hazelnut was dark and decadent, and if you're a chocolate lover I'd recommend it first.  The other two were a little more out there.  I was curious about Bulgarini's goat milk gelato, so I tried a tiny spoonful of the goat milk with cocoa nibs.  The spoonful was great, but it was enough.  The goaty flavor was very powerful, so only get this if you're really into that.  I also saw yogurt with oil behind the glass, so I had to try it.  It was another interesting one, but a bit off-putting, with a heavy sprinkle of salt.  Those were the only two weird flavors I saw, and I can't say they were as successful as the straight classics.I'd like to come back to Bulgarini, especially for a taste of the pistachio, but who knows when I'll make it out again.  This place was on my list for a full three years thanks to Jonathan Gold (it remains the only ice cream shop on the 99), and in that time I never once found myself within a five mile drive of Altadena.  That said, I really want to eat it again.  Bulgarini makes serious gelato worth a small adventure - it's some of the best I've every encountered, and if you have the time and money to spare, it's well spent here.
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,10/16/2012,883,542,52,26,22>No windows, just a door with a crazy Lord of the Rings keep orcs out lock."What's the password?"  - spoken with accent."What?" - me"What's the password?"  - spoken with accent."What?" - me"What's the password?"  - spoken with accent."What?" - me"What's the password?"  - spoken with accent."Oh!  Password.  What the fuck.  I don't know." Then he let me in anyway.  What is this?  The underground Playboy fucking Mansion?  No.  It's a small dark windowless bar.  It smelled funny.  Like old houses in the Cambodian ghetto with cockroaches and leftover rice bowls festering in the sink.  The bartender had a beard that could nest a family of gerbils that once dropped in, could easily be lost forever. I was displeased.  But being the accommodating friend that I am, I stuck it out until my friend got there.  She didn't know the damn password either.  What the fuck is up with that shit?  Then the shots came.  And the karaoke machine turned on.  And I listened to people I would never otherwise be in the same room with sing songs that I've never heard of, screaming into mikes, veins popping in their necks.  Or trying out the cool sultry voice, soft and low.  All in T shirts.  T shirts with band names or T shirts with other sad designs.  Ew.Of course I sang.  Not particularly well but boy I had a blast.  Belting out old school favorites like "Love you Down," "My Humps," "Irreplaceable."  Uh huh that's right.  The karaoke guy was awesome.  Really accommodating and he sang the hook to one of my songs and he sounded great.  Thank you!  It's just not "My Humps" unless someone can do the "She's got me spending..." part right.So surprisingly, despite setting out to hate this place, I caught myself having a good time.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,10/15/2012,482,235,21,24,27>Want to swig booze like it's 1889? DTLAs One-Eyed Gypsy is housed in a building that has held a continuous liquor license since the late 19th century-making it the oldest bar in Los Angeles.While it has undergone numerous incarnations, this latest one by the folks who designed Villains Tavern, is a sight to behold. Located in desolate part of Downtown, which lends to its spooky speakeasy feel, this spot has been a brothel, a bootlegging operation and the sight of numerous suspicious deaths, including one of a former madam, a waitress and several suicides. Needless to say, many, including the staff, believe this place is haunted.According to GhoulLA, "Employees claim that voices call out from empty rooms, and unseen hands will touch, push, and sometimes pinch (or "goose") them in the wee hours of the night. Objects move, doors open and close, and lights and faucets turn on and off. Most of the activity seems to occur around the men's restroom, but one well-witnessed event occurred at the bar when a crown that sits upon the head of a stature (high above anyone's reach) flew across the room."Had I known this prior, this review may have never happened since I'm easily spookable and shy away from anything related to the occult. Innocently enough, I wanted to check out this bar because of one thing and one thing only: Skee-Ball. Yes, you heard that right. My eyes lit up like a Christmas tree when I heard they had Skee-Ball...for FREE!Since I'm too old to old for Chuck E. Cheese's and won't go to Arcadia (sorry Arcadia) for Dave & Busters, dealing with spirits (of the netherworld variety) who want to see me squirm may be something I'll just have to deal with. Oh yeah, the tempura-esque corn dog and sweet potato tots were, ahem, otherworldly.
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,10/14/2012,72,446,24,28,25>Buzz...buzz...buzz...  The latest buzz is all at Girasole Restaurant in Larchmont Village.  My friend suggested this place for dinner last week and when we arrived, we were given the buzz.  Literally, there was one buzzing fly in the window near our table that kept flying and buzzing around, in an attempt to escape.  So, I helped the little buzzer by putting it out of its misery, with a napkin.  Now that the buzz is out of the way lets dwell on the dining experience at this restaurant. One thing I love about Los Angeles is the creativity that exists here.  The dining area of this restaurant is almost equivalent to the size of a studio apartment, but the owner(s) made the place work.  This place is intimate, clean, dimly-lit, and presentable.  Undoubtedly, our server was new, or maybe just nervous, as he fumbled while informing us of the dinner specials.  I hate to see someone seem nervous, or feel intimidated, so I tried asking simple questions about the food to make the server feel more at ease.  Anyway, for our appetizers, my friend opted for the Mushroom Soup and I selected the Carrot Soup.  Both were puréed, flavorful, and we were given a decent amount.  As for entrées, my friend decided to be modest and selected the Spaghetti and Meatballs, and I selected the Lasagna.  I was told the spaghetti was good and, it was, as I was able to sample the spaghetti.  The portion was decent, somewhat, and tasted as if it was accented with a touch of oregano.  My lasagna was good, but I didn't experience a wow-factor.  The texture was good and fresh, but the lasagna was made with regular meat sauce.  Overall, we were pleased with our meal.  The prices are reasonable and the food is good.  Given that the restaurant is small, I highly recommend making a reservation.  Once you're seated, and place your order, the food is brought in a timely manner.  I recall the restaurant getting a little warm and, after one comment to our server, he immediately adjusted the temperature.  Attentive service, good food, and reasonable prices will definitely have me back for more in the future.
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,10/13/2012,4339,292,53,41,37>Providence needs another 5 star review like the world needs another season of the Jersey Shore (ABSOLUTELY UNNECESSARY) but I have to put my two cents in!    Providence is the epitome of FINE DINING!  It is just so decadent and elegant! Definitely one of the BEST MEAL I've had in my life!  HIGHEST QUALITY ingredients, insanely delicious flavors, and top notch meats!  They also do a great presentation of their dishes (ie. the manager comes out with a wooden box filled with truffles so he can shave it fresh onto your plate) and EVERYTHING is well plated.  IT'S LIKE ART SERVED ON FINE CHINA!  There was nothing I put in my mouth that I wasn't impressed with!  Well maybe this bitter leafy thing that was suppose to be just for garnish but that wasn't their fault!  :)  Compliments to the Chef!I HIGHLY RECOMMEND the DUCK and the SALT ROASTED PRAWNS!  Just FYI, the duck is the BEST PIECE OF MEAT that will travel through your esophagus!  As for the ambiance, it's FANCY and there's a faint smell of RICHNESS & SUCCESS lingering in the air.  The crowd is definitely folks ballin' out of control!  And the service is just phenomenal.  It's the kind of place where you go to the bathroom and they come by and refold your napkin, origami style, into a unicorn!  Ya feel me?Expect your meals to be meh for the next few days after a meal at Providence!  Trust!
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2012,10/12/2012,2234,455,29,35,34>When I walked to the bathroom and passed Black Hogg's open kitchen, the whole place reeked of bacon grease.Their bacon popcorn is the absolute best, it cannot be missed!  I'm not just saying that to add to the general consensus "bacon is always good," but the fried coat of batter was crispy and the bacon inside was thick, juicy, & fatty. It was not dry nor salty, the maple crema gave it a nice sweetness, it was absolutely perfect. Best food I have ever had in the form of balls./end love note for ballsBlack Hogg opens their doors at 6 pm. On a Friday night, we had to wait 45 minutes. Since it is BYOB (for now), go put your name + number down and go for a beer/wine/liquor run. We also ordered:Uni Toast - $7 a piece. The price tag seems harsh for one piece, but if you think of it as in terms of ordering sushi, it's okay in my opinion. A couple of succulent slices of uni on top of a baguette piece, drizzled with sesame oil and scallions; these flavors were very familiar so I loved!Pork belly tacos - Melt-in-your-mouth, hefty piece of braised pork belly in a taco, where I think the star was the jalapeno relish. If you're a wimp to spicy, please as to take this part out, but I thought it was great.NY Steak strip - I almost wanted to give Black Hogg 4 stars because this steak was subpar and wasn't worth it. Although medium rare as requested, it tasted burnt. The chive & lemon butter on top was a nice addition, but this dollop/disc of butter was moved to the side after it felt excessive. $29 isn't too bad, and lots of frites!Chai Churros - Fried to order, extra hot chai churros with walnut chocolate ganache. Eff yeah these were good, but a taaad bit undercooked. Would I risk burning my lips with hot oil to inhale these babies? Hell yes.*Black Hogg's ambiance is LOUD and cluttered, so I would not recommend a first date here (as I saw a lot of dates here). I had to yell sometimes to converse.**Divide the whole list of menu items to 3 parts. 1/3 of the list: small bites - 2/3 medium bites - 3/3 entree-sized bites ***Then, die in pork heaven. YESS
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,10/11/2012,308,682,10,19,12>What a cute, chic, vintage, classy, cozy place!  I usually avoid newly opened restaurants like the plague. I prefer to wait until they have everything down and running smoothly. But this little eatery was too inviting to walk away. And the menu was unique enough to suck me in completely. The interior is lovely with marble, granite and dark wood with vintage lamps and decor. I sat at the bar and there are two TVs. But don't ask for the baseball game; there are old black and white movies playing. Service was ultra friendly and accomodating. I was even escorted all the way to the bathroom door when I inquired about its whereabouts. There are mixologists here, so you can count on hand crafted unique cocktails. Not cheap, but well made with creative use of high quality spirits, herbs, fruits, and bitters. My fave of the ones I tried was Roxanna's Revenge: yelp.com/biz_photos/S8x7…They also have an extensive selection of artisinal beers and they know their stuff and will recommend something you like or let you taste before you make a commitment to one. We tasted a wonderful coffee beer and if we hadn't filled up on cocktails, we would have enjoyed a glass. POLIPO ANTIPASTAWe started with the polipo antipasta. Wow what at wonderful treat! The little baby  octopus (octopi?) were wood grilled and had the most delightful wood fired flavor  atop a crispy fried shredded potato crust.  I have to get this again the next time I go. yelp.com/biz_photos/S8x7…FUNGHI PIZZAI was anxious to try the mushroom pizza because it had guanciale which is cured pork cheek and you just don't see around these parts. Wow, the mascarpone on this pizza and the guanciale fat made this such a rich, buttery silky pleasure. And the crust is thin and chewy and wood fired.  Good stuff. yelp.com/biz_photos/S8x7…PORCHETTA PIZZAWe also tried the porchetta pizza. This was good, but I probably wouldn't get it again. I guess I am just not a fan of pork on my pizza. I LOVE pork. But i guess not on my pizza. I also didn't taste the sage too much. But I also don't like chicken on my pizza, so it really is my own personal preference/hang up here. yelp.com/biz_photos/S8x7…I am really glad I waived my own "NO NEW RESTAURANTS" rule.  One of the 'tenders told us they had just opened up the day before on July 10, so I was suprised things went as smoothly as they did for us. We only had our first drink round order take a really long time and one of our pizzas that arrived was the wrong one. Honestly, with a brand new place, I felt that these things are to be expected and I would have expected MORE problems. In a few months they will have a happy hour, Beer Wednesdays with tastigns and classes, late night bar and wood burning pizza oven until 2AM. Perfect last stop night cap and snack!  Can't wait!I will definitely be returning before that, though.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2012,10/10/2012,153,241,13,23,23>Being a fan of Congregation Ale House down in Long Beach, it was a no brainer that I'd soon become a frequent customer of this Pasadena location yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… that just opened up a few months back.  Why?  1) All-day Monday Mass (happy hour) which means $6 burgers, exotic sausages + flatbreads; $2 fries; + $1 off all draft beers/wines  2) As Karen C said, the food here is actually GOOD!  3) Huge beer selection + knowledgeable bartenders ... even including plenty of ciders + lambics for pansies like me who aren't big on beer    4) Overall very cool vibe with the religious theme, outdoor patio seating, + waitresses in plaid "Catholic school girl" outfits    5) Off the main drag of Old Town so there's absolutely no problems with traffic, parking, or excessive people... yet definitely walkable if you're doing a bar crawlNow on to the longer review... I've been here multiple times now + tried several items on the menu. If you're debating between getting a burger, exotic sausage or flatbread, I recommend getting the Ribeye + White Cheddar burger ($8 regularly, for $6 during HH) yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… burger. Juicy + thick, definitely not your average burger + cooked how you like it. I've had a bite of the Portobello Mushroom Burger ($8 reg, for $6 during HH) yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… as well, + it's was surprisingly tasty. A good, filling option for the herbivores out there. Alternatively, if you're not a big eater, split a Flatbread ($7 reg, $6 during HH) with a friend.  I tried eating this whole thing yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… on a previous visit + later wished I hadn't forced myself to finish although it was yummy with a slight sweetness to the bread + the optimal shape to get lots of crispy crust. And, of course, you have get fries! Belgian or Sweet Potato ($4 reg, $2 during HH) yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… One basket is plenty to share for a group of 4, + each comes with a choice of 2 dipping sauces with awesome choices like Sriracha Ketchup, Beer Mustard, Chipotle Mayo, Rosemary Garlic Mayo, Curry Ketchup, Sweet Chili with Sour Cream, + more. My favorite is Sciracha Ketchup with the Belgian Fries... mmm! Other things on the menu include the Pub Pretzel ($4) yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… which comes out warm + very soft to counter-balance the bitter taste of a cold beer but is not worth writing home about. Same for the Sausage Platter ($10) yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… + the Cheese Platter ($10) yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b…... Perhaps my tastebuds aren't cultured enough to understand the value behind these. Both platters come with triangular bits of pita, + the cheese platter has some dried apricot pieces but are still just okay to munch on. I'd rather have that whole basket of fries. For dessert, I highly recommend the Beer Float ($4) yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… served with a Chocolate Stout to complement the vanilla ice cream. Coming from someone who dislikes dark beers, I was surprised by how delicious this was! I also suggest the Warm Apple Tart ($5) yelp.com/biz_photos/hx3b… with additional gelato on top.  The tart was perfectly warm + crispy fresh out of the oven. The bartender actually made it a point to tell us as we were waiting that the kitchen had to re-bake the tart for us a couple times just to make sure ours came out perfect. Awesome. If you're on a date, make sure to suggest one of these. Trust me, either is such a nice way to top off a heavy meal. Gotta love a bar that actually cares to perfect each dish that comes out of their kitchen. And the amount of beers they have on tap is phenomenal even for someone like myself who sticks to the girly drinks. Service is either counter-service if you order at the register or table service. Waitresses use these nifty tablets + can easily split checks by individual. If you want better table service, sit at the bar. You'll have an opportunity to chat up the bartender for recommendations, tastings + whatever you want to know about the beer in your hand. Plus, you'll even get the cool drink chillers on the counter to put your beer on + are closer to the kitchen so can get your food right as it comes out. Parking is their own private lot off of S. Raymond. Indoor or patio seating. Great for groups. Trivia Night on Wednesdays!
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,10/9/2012,973,650,39,42,24>Circus freaks, dancers on stilts, gypsy palm readers are all characters i expect to find each time i come to the Rose Bowl flea market. Is that The Elephant man behind the velvet Curtain? No, it's just an antique dealer selling pickled doll heads in vintage jars! Is that a real lion and his tamer? Nope, it's a carved wooden bear from a National Park and a vintage Ranger costume for sale. Is that witch hazel and talcum powder? Nope, just well preserved aluminum tins from a time when supermarket goodies came in reusable packaging. ....WAIT A MINUTE.......Are those....? ....Are those...? ......Are those...? ...........Am i dreaming...? ......Are those Vintage Ferragamo shoes? JOY! JOY! JOY! This is better than Christmas! OMG! OMG! OMG! Please fit! Please fit! Please fit! Nooooooooooooooo! Sadness! They are too small. I am heartbroken. It would be the end of the world if this flea market wasn't so AWESOME all around...ok next booth! Vintage glasses from the 40s and 50s at negotiable prices. Heck yeah! Beautiful late 50s early 60s solid wood furniture.Antique fans, telephones, BINOCULARS!!!!! I never even thought that i needed a pair of binoculars until today. today i saw a pair and i started wondering how have i lived without binoculars for 29 years! I MUST have a pair. Dude would not budge on the price. Maybe i can live without them for a little longer. $60 is a bit steep. Gonna keep looking, thanks though. Is that an electric chair? Creepy!!!!! Oh no, it's not...it's actually an emergency seat from an aircraft. still kinda weird. So many ghosts watching over the living as we scrummage through their objects. Used things fascinate me. The potential of something after it has already had a life, a use, a function; and it is given a new life, a new use, a new function. This gives me so much hope for life. Maybe this is why i buy almost everything used. Maybe this is why my clothes, my furniture, my shoes, are mostly second hand, because i want to believe in the idea that things can be transformed, recycled and renewed infinitely.Free parking if you are willing to walk.$20 to get in 5am-7am$10 to get in 7am- 9am$8 after 9amFood for sale inside.Bring Cash.ATMs inside but they are EXPENSIVE!Some vendors take card but don't risk it, just bring cash (plus that way you also monitor your money and you don't bring more than you want to spend and can stay within your budget)!Wear comfy shoes because you'll be doing plenty of walking.I bring canvas bags, some people bring carts, suitcases, or things that roll. You can also get a stamp and carry big/heavy stuff out to your car, go back inside and keep shopping.Everything is negotiable. Haggle away!
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,10/8/2012,487,329,23,15,18>I'm one sexy b*tch at The Association. The darkness hides my creepy face perfectly!!!But seriously....  I really like this place. Interesting crowd, nice bartenders, cool bouncers, and a relaxing atmosphere usually make for a great night.The music is not too loud, so you can mingle and meet new people.Definitely stop by, and buy me a drink. I'll be that creepy guy hiding in the dark. :)
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2012,10/7/2012,115,174,22,33,30>I don't know what else to say about this place except get the Newport Special Lobster!!That's the one dish I highly recommend here. It's pretty expensive (like $70-$80 depending on how big the lobster is) but it's really good!Look at this glory(yelp.com/biz_photos/newp…)It's seasoned very well and has no sea taste! Very good quality! Lots of garlic, pepper, and green onions. Pretty flavorful!The Walnut Shrimp here is alright. Not as good as the Walnut Shrimp at NYC Seafood Restaurant but it's decent. I like my batter thick with flavor.I mean even their buzzers are shaped like lobsters. I think that kind of gives it away that it's their signature dish.The service is pretty good. Never had a problem with the service here.It can get pretty loud in this restaurant. It's okay, I'm not here to make conversation, I'm just here to eat.Will be back here for the lobster!!
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/9/2012,10/6/2012,530,387,17,25,21>You know what I like about the Salvage happy hour?  It's lopsided beer pricing.  They give you a good deal on the better beers on tap for either $4 or $5.  For example, you are able to score a $4 pint of Fat Tire, though a Bud Light bottle is gonna run you $6.  My kind of place!Salvage is a pretty happening spot on the weekends, yet still a good spot for a large group - just book a reservation in advance and they will make it happen.  No reservation fee, no cover, no BS.  Very swanky without the pretentiousness, which is a nice change of pace from some other places nearby, such as the Edison or Standard.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/12/2012,10/5/2012,718,358,20,32,29>-Lunch Review, only available weekday-I love coming here for lunch because you can get a full meal under ten bucks! Furaibo's closes on Mondays! But on Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, you can get the combo meal if you want a bit of chicken (teba=wings, chita=legs & thighs, and jane=chicken breast) with pork cutlet, chicken cutlet, or Korean bbq.On their lunch menu, I would suggest getting the DOUBLE anything (#6-9) because if you get the singular portion, you'll be regretting that you didn't go double. Trust me! My favorite choice from their menu is their wings. It's hard nowadays to find a decent restaurant that has actual chicken wings. Did you know the price point for wings are higher? I once ordered buffalo wings at an anonymous restaurant and all I got was drumsticks!!! This fact alone makes me appreciate Furaibo's wings!You get to choose the level of spiciness, which goes from sweet, mild, regular, and extra spicy. I usually go the sweet or mild, but don't be afraid of their spice here, it's really not spicy at all!The meal also comes along with miso soup and salad (I would recommend their miso dressing, the best!). The meals here are not the healthiest of choice since everything is pretty much deep or pan fried! But somehow, everything taste better  fried somehow! Chicken Wings anyone?!Hours: 11: 30AM ~ 2: 00PM, 5: 00PM ~ 10: 00PM
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,10/4/2012,4161,1558,15,35,28>Huntington Library is a massive garden that sprawls over San Marino.  It's adjacent to Pasadena.  I went to the Children's Garden last weekend with my bf.  Small children's voices filled the air.  I walked through it as if I was anticipating my then 4, 5, 6 year old daughter.  I felt a sense of loss.  My heart wept, missing her.My daughter is a teenager now.  She's truly a gift to me.  They say that children grow up fast, and I didn't understand this until recently.We went in at 4:30, so we didn't have enough time to see the entire garden.  But I've been here before on multiple occasions.  It's a serene place to be.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2012,10/3/2012,818,503,23,28,27>I can't think of a better way to kick off my vacation with some great girlfriends/Yelpers.Heading to the Big Island tomorrow and instead of packing I had lunch and sampled the beer at Golden Road Brewing.  What better way to get into vacation mode.  OMG!  I love this place!The Golden Road Pub is located on the south side of this huge expansive property.  It is right on San Fernando Rd. off the 134 freeway.    When you walk into the buidling it is just a huge warehouse that has been renovated to fit the Pub, kitchen, plenty of tables and a patio outside.  The south side of the Pub has huge doors so you get the feeling that there are no doors with the fresh air coming in.  There are lots of ceiling fans to cool the place off, so it was pretty comfortable on a warm summer So. Cal. afternoon.   I can't wait to come back in the evening or when it is cooler to sit outside on the patio. To the east of the property lies the railroad tracks, so you hear the trains go by.There are lots of food options to accompany the beer selection.  They have lots of sandwiches, salads, entrees, snacks and desserts.  There is also a little Kid's Menu, so kids are allowed.FOOD:4/5 Stars.  My friend Kris A. and I split the GRB  Burger.  This was a 1/3 lb. handmade ground ribeye and bacon patty, caramelized onion, sundried tomatoes, aged white cheddar and frisee on a sesame seed bun.  This burger was great even though is was a little more rare than I like.  I didn't care.  We also split the Tostada Salad which has black beans, romaine lettuce, sweet corn, chipotle vinaigrette and pico de gallo.  You can get this with chicken or vegan almond taco meat.  We chose the vegan almond taco meat which was good.  My friend Jill H. ordered the vegan meatball sandwich and she seemed to like that.  My other friend Meg P. ordered the GRB Burger and she liked that too.  If you like medium well, don't be shy.  I just said medium and it came out really pink in the middle, but it was still good.BEER:5/5 Stars.  GRB is a brewery so they make their own  Point of the Way IPA, Goden Road Hefeweizen, Schwartz Stout, Either Side of the Hill and Get up Offa That Brown.  They also serve craft beers from other breweries.  I chose a sampler of four of the GRB beers for $7.00.  They were all good, but I think I prefer the IPA.  Always liked the pale ale versions.AMBIANCE:5/5 Stars.  Me likey.  Totally casual of course.  Come in your shorts or flip flops.  I am going to recommend that if you are a single woman you need to come in here.   The ratio of guys to girls is about 9 to 1.  I'm married, but I can still look until further notice.PARKING:5/5 Stars.  They have a parking lot on the south side of the property.  I did not know this and parked way down the street.They're on facebook and check out their website too.   I will definitely be coming back in the near future.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/4/2012,10/2/2012,920,518,41,46,44>Grub Mother Lode on the Mother Road came highly recommended by City of Hope staff. How could we say, "no"?  If they don't know, who does? (They're so close too, really!)Can't tell you much from limited background on this resto's real estate, just that in a previous life it was also a diner on historic Route 66 en.wikipedia.org/wiki/U.…. Also unable to confirm if Ted Romlos owns this Flappy Jack's Pancake House, as well as, the newer Orange, CA location. But, what I can tell you is about the pleasant vibe, swift service and truly generous portions of American fare served up right. A yum way to celebrate Independence Day!Flappy Jack's Pancake House, predominately known for breakfast dishes, available during hours of operation, our Yelp party of five was more in the mood for lunch/brunch.  We checked in with the hostess, received a pager and were told the wait was about 15-minutes. It was to the minute, allowing plenty of time to study their extensive offerings.Seated by a server/hostess, who distributed menus then also took our drink order. Efficient. Ice tea was later refilled on the house; like that kind of goodwill.Erica took our food order, professionally explaining the available sides - soups yelp.com/biz_photos/2Mtb…, salads (coleslaw was perfection), fries (potato or zucchini), cottage cheese or fruit - a multitude of additions to our mains!  Soon at our table:Broccoli & Cheese Omelet with Hash Browns and Pancakes yelp.com/biz_photos/2Mtb… Monte Cristo yelp.com/biz_photos/2Mtb… Turkey Club yelp.com/biz_photos/2Mtb… Ace of Clubs yelp.com/biz_photos/2Mtb… Veggie Burger yelp.com/biz_photos/2Mtb… After our photo shoot (A good Yelper MUST!), we dug into our well-plated, well-prepared, tasty meals. Not a disappointed palate at the table! Plenty of leftovers to go (containers cheerfully distributed), the manager checked in with us to be sure we were happy diners. We were. Flappy Jack's, THE place to get your grub on, on Route 66!
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,10/1/2012,2719,2132,51,56,53>I never won anything in my life...well not true.  I won tickets to the circus (boo) and tickets to the Ahmanson Theatre (woohoo!!).This overdue review is actually from a while ago but I will always remember this theatre.  I bought one raffle ticket for some Public Service DTLA event and got a phone call about winning some tickets.  Jim Halloran, the marketing coordinator from CTG sent me a congratulation email.  He also mentioned that the tickets were held under my name @ the Ahmanson Theatre box office.  All I had to do was show up with my ID.  I think Jim also sent me a follow-up email to make sure I enjoyed the show.Finding parking was pretty easy.  I parked @ the same parking structure as Kendall's Brasserie's parking.  Getting the ticket was painless and I got them in seconds.  Everyone who worked there was so friendly and helpful.  I had no problems finding my seats and even the restroom.Bring It On was a fun musical and I enjoyed every moment of it.  My seats were pretty good and the sound system was great.  Make sure you eat first before you enjoy the show.  I didn't see any restaurant inside the theatre and only got chocolate chips cookie, oatmeal cookie, roasted salted mixed nuts and apple juice for snacks from Patina food stand.Click here for Ahmanson's hotel & restaurant recommendations:centertheatregroup.org/v…Thank you CTG for a memorable night!  4 stars!!  Once in a while I get postcards from CTG.  Maybe I'll come back for Mary Poppins.  She's supercalifragilisticexpialidocious!!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2012,9/30/2012,231,244,15,18,13>Now this is a diner.It's cheap, it's delicious, the best seat in the house is everywhere, and it's got that in-your-face service.  You know, the kind of service you'd get from your overly attentive aunt whose always got your back.  I like it when a server tells me I ordered a poor choice and a suggests a better one.Their biscuits made me cry the first time, and made me smitten the second.  If I could buy their house salsa to take home, I would.  The chilequiles were perfection.Free coffee on the weekends.  And they have novelty mugs.As I said: this is a diner.  Suck it, Swingers.
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2012,9/29/2012,290,329,15,26,17>I have worked out with personal trainers before, but never with anyone who actually cared about how I was doing and wanted me to be healthy not just lose weight.  I knew that Sam was different the first day I met him when he gave me reading homework.  I was like I have to read to get in shape, but Sam wanted me to understand my body and what roles nutrition and exercise played in my life.  I didn't get to work with Sam as long as I would have liked, but with him I lost nearly 30 pounds in just a few short months.  Everyone asks me what I'm doing like it's some big secret or mystery.  I just say I met this awesome guy who taught me how to eat right and exercise the right way.I would recommend Sam to everyone!  He's the BEST!!!Angela (Derek's wife)
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/24/2012,9/28/2012,408,219,11,19,12>Is it me or is Pizza the new black. I mean it seems like everywhere I look there is a new pizza place opening up. Every place has it own take on a slice or pie. Tomato pizza pie gets rave reviews and I have to admit it is a tasty slice. When I finally ventured in and had no idea what to get I asked and the girl ( a very cool one at that) made some recommendation. If you don't know what to get I suggest you do the same.I sampled 4 different styles of pizza and they were all good, but my favorite was this buffalo chicken. Which had just the right mix of chicken and a hint of ranch. It's hard to go wrong and the reviews speak for themselves. It also appears you may be able to BYOB. But ask before you do this. Great service and great pizza.
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/3/2012,9/27/2012,1388,397,14,22,21>I love weenies!!!I have been a fan of Slaw Dogs since the first day they opened the Pasadena location...yes, I was there the day they opened...and then every day for a week. Hey, I said I love weenies. Then Ray opened the Woodland Hills location which is equally as awesome. Now there is a new location in Duarte...Yay!!! More weenies for me!!!Brian V. and I stopped by the other night to check the place out and after only being open a couple days the place was already packed with happy customers. Driving up you can see it from the street. It is a brightly lit box with windows all around. It is truly a beacon (almost a tractor beam) of delicious weenie goodness shining like a light sent from heaven...weenie heaven that is. They are still in the soft open phase so there are temporary menus hanging up behind the counter and they are cash only for the moment. Same great food! Same amazing service! I love you Slaw Dogs!!!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2012,9/26/2012,444,330,31,31,29>I finally got around to checking something else off my pre-quarter midlife crisis list: Learning how to ride a motorbike.Let it be known that I am a 5'4" girl, weigh around 105 on a good day, and have no previous knowledge of handling clutch doohickeys or stick shift doodads. So if I can do it, anyone can! REALLY. The session starts with classroom instruction before heading out to the range. Josh was our classroom instructor, and he was excellent at maneuvering the class through the lessons productively. Gotta love those 90s era video demonstrations. I had George and Sheryle for the range instruction. They are the BEST. I came in slightly nervous (Okay... Almost pooping in my pants nervous), especially after we put the kickstand up and really felt the weight of the bike... Intimidating stuff! But George and Sheryle helped alleviate my worries through their professional, friendly guidance. They gave me the attention that I needed, but delivered it in such a way that I was able to grow on my own without being coddled. The sweetest instructors I ever had the pleasure of learning under! They were patient and never made me feel as though I was a "noob", even though I most definitely was. So THANK YOU, you made some random girl out there very happy and grateful :)Not only did I learn all about the clutch doohickeys, I also practiced all the weaving knickknacks, the quick stop hoohaas, the curve whatsitmicallits, the upshift thingamabobs, and other riding techniques. All it took was a weekend! Came in with my email confirmation, left with my certification in badassery.
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/25/2012,1208,188,18,25,19>I live a stone's throw from this store and I couldn't be more grateful. I come here on a daily basis, whether it be for beer, their outstanding produce, tofu, dish soap or seaweed - The Galleria is always there for me, open until 12 midnight, every night. ALWAYS extremely clean and the staff is pleasant. Aside from the grocery store, there is also a clothing store, beauty salon, Shiseido/cosmetics store, a luggage/souveneir, jewelry, cell phone & repair, pharmacy, shoe repair/key making stores and a cleaner. There is an attached Tom & Tom's coffee shop, a couple of fast food noodle counters and a bakery.The produce is pretty fresh (by "pretty", I mean that the worst case scenario is that it's ready to be used that day or the next day) and the prices are unbeatable:5 lbs of grapefruit for $0.99, onions are the same ... 2 bundles of spinach for $1 ... A carton of whole, peeled garlic for $1.99 ... Strawberries for $1.49 ... I could go on and on and on! The gyoza and dumpling section is one of my favourite parts of this store. There are SO many different kinds: Kimchi, vegetable, potato, beef, fish, chicken, leek, just to name a few. Another favourite is the chip aisle. The translation can be a little backwards and can be very funny - For example, one time I got a bag that had a little Asian cartoon guy with a sombrero and poncho with flying tacos around him, the flavor of the chips were called "Mexican" HA HA HA HA and the chips were in the shapes of tacos! I'll try to remember to take a picture for you guys next time. Their are neat ice creams in the shapes of sharks and all kinds of fun stuff. Even the alcohol prices are undefeated - Just last night I saw a 6-pack of Hite for $2.99! Johnnie Walker Black Label for $24, Grey Goose for $32, Crown Royal for $16 !? Their selection of gift sets varies - My favourite so far has been the Glenlivet 12 year set with the glass and decanter. Sometimes there is a girl there who promotes the liquor section and gives out free gifts like t-shirts, bags, lasers, flasks, flashlights, bottle openers, etc. They also sell cookware and utensils like stone skillets, hot pots, soup bowls and ladles, frying accessories, to-go containers, woks, etc. There's a section of pre-packaged lunches for on the go, sushi grade fish (which is beautiful and priced like you wouldn't believe!)... The Galleria Market has got everything you need.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/23/2012,1068,387,72,65,66>"Don't sit there sweetie.""NO! Don't touch that--it's just for display...""Don't wrinkle that!" *gasp* "No--that volume of Proust is a load-bearing device..."Have you ever been to THAT friend's house?You know, the one where everything is placed just so... like a museum, or poor facsimile of the cover condo in some crappy interior decorating magazine where there's always an open bottle of wine and two glasses on top of Fitzgerald's The Beautiful and the Damned...Yeah, well, Nadeau isn't like that.Instead--Kitschy, eclectic, one-off, everything wonderful... Without overdoing it, or trying too hard, or becoming too theme-y, like a grandmother's Upper East Side apartment where everything reminds you of the former Soviet Union (or Yale).Do you want to put a rustic, Victorian birdcage in the middle of your living room and fill it with magazines instead of cockatiels?Nadeau can make it happen.Do you like the idea of putting your Blu-Ray DVD player and plasma screen TV on a hutch that looks like it ought to hold volumes of Shakespeare or Marlowe and Milton--or else be moved to the kitchen to house Belvedere, merlot and stilton? And, AND--it looks old and like a fixer-upper that never quite got fixed, and that's precisely why it's so bad-ass?Yes. Do it here.There's furniture for your entire house, but nothing contemporary (read: no black leather and sharp, IKEA angles). Everything here is like a hippie-chick's apartment in SoHo (or Vermont) which is a compliment.Bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, living room, even porch/backyard (and candles, candles, candles!) It's like the yardsale of your dreams, minus the crappy JC Penny clothes from the mid 70s, and Atari 2600 with missing controllers, and metal bladed electric fans held together with electrical tape.I think the interior decorators for Anthropologie shoplift here (and mark-up the merch, the cheeky bastards).What's so cool about Nadeau is that it isn't wildly overpriced. A heavyweight, solid wood dining table for six might look like it ought to cost $400.--so it costs $400.Do you dream of going to Provence to a quaint bed an breakfast, and stealing the proprietress' wooden pantry because it would look FAB in your own kitchen in West Hollywood?Put away your revolver and black mask, my love, because you won't have to rob any old ladies, here.Very little sticker shock at Nadeau, which is a good thing if you're already suffering a weakened constitution from eating too many Sour Patch Kids or subsisting on coffee or endive salad or (in my case) your own sense of incredible self-entitlement.The store is cramped but airy, overwhelming and lovely and wonderful all at once.You'll almost forget that that Abbey is within dick distance.Nadeau is its own little world, one in which a person whose life is propelled by Iphones, Facebook, Priuses, Airbus 300s and taxis to and from a multitude of places (where others sprint through life at the same speed)--suddenly realizes how much he or she needs to buy a chair with chipped white paint, and put it near the door of their apartment or condominium... perhaps prop a cane umbrella next to it because you adore the way the sun catches it in the morning.Almost like a photo, or display in a museum.But it's not a museum, sweetheart.Please do sit down. My place looks best when YOU'RE a part of it, even if we are beautiful. And damned.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2012,9/22/2012,395,221,24,23,27>This ain't your Nanay Gloria's, Goldilocks point-point ish. If you're coming here expecting your tita baby's adobo or your Tito boy's kare kare you might as well keep your ass home because you will be disappointed . This aint your traditional filipino spot. This place takes classics that we grew up on and they remix the shit out of it like Puff Daddy. If you are cool with that you will love this place.  It's been a long time coming and it's only fitting that it's in Eagle Rock.Sisig nachos: effin bomb. Spicy enough to give your taste buds a jolt but not too spicy where it's not flavorful. Once you let the sisig sauce marinate into the chips for few minutes it gets better with every bite. No joke.Adobo wings: marinated adobo wings that are deep fried. I'm a adobo crackhead. I can have it all day everyday. This was a unique take on a classic dish. Crispy ,flavorful goodness I tell you.Also ordered the chicharon manok (fried chicken skin) garlic rice and halo halo for dessert. Comfort food at its finest.I wish they had a bar or liquor license. Imagine drinking a 1903 or one of eagle rock brews here? Make it happen and I would be here on a reg basis.
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2012,9/21/2012,2247,546,10,20,16>It was like we were in the farm, had French style urban farm cuisine in a modern LA attitude. Very cute and unique decor. Funky comfy seats downstairs, cozy intimate seats upstairs and bar area, I really liked this place. Made reservation, got there a bit late, host girl was very friendly, still got us a table without wait. Passed the quiet bar in the front, the dining area downstairs was packed and loud, large parties around us, obviously some woman got a little too excited, stood on her chair a couple times, it was fun to watch though. ;pOur waitress was very friendly and attentive, all servers were great, took away our empty plates and filled up our waters so fast. We started off with half bottle of white, I also ordered Deax Amours, it's sparkling wine with blackberries n per amour violet liquor. It was sooo yummy! All specialty cocktails are $12 each. Menu is not big, but I liked how simple it was! Some very good veggie and seafood dishes for me, some red meat and lighter meat dishes for hubby, we all got what we were looking for. Dinner menu is very easy to order, dishes are categorized in prices, $3, $11, $14, $19 and MP, very smart! Our food:Pickled veggies: delicious, I loved the cauliflowers!6 oysters ( $3 each) from Baja CA, with heirloom carrot cardamom mignonette on top: very fresh, yummy! Mussels, Absinthe spiked bouillabaisse broth, rouille, gruyere, baguette: the mussels were so meaty and tasty in that broth, the cheese was delicious even though I just tasted a bit. 16 oz Black Angus ribeye, kennedec "poutine", faux gras gravy, roquefort, kale: meat cooked perfectly to medium rare, I loved the kale! Hubby liked his steak too.I loved the food, the portions were on the smaller side except that 16 oz steak. Everything was flavorful without saltiness, totally my type of food! Tab was $130 with half bottle of white, glass of crafted cocktail and shot of espresso. A delicious and fun dinner! The bar area upstairs is great to have more drinks with friends or a date. I really liked their cocktail menu, I will try more for sure next time, and I would request a table upstairs for a dinner date for two, more cozy and quiet.Ps. I just wish they had valet service! :( Hubby dropped me off at the entrance of the restaurant, parked at one of those public parking structures across the streets.
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,9/20/2012,1215,510,12,18,16>Let me just start by saying, I am not a chicken person.  I almost always prefer beef, lamb, duck.  Chicken though... it is almost never my first choice, unless it's the only choice.And the pantheon of chicken meals I do like are just about always in the magical, hole-in-the-wall, $5-6 range.  Fried chicken, Zankou's chicken with garlic sauce, Hainan chicken, chicken feet at dim sum; these are but the few and proud dishes I actually love.  And Dino's chicken joins them.  The marinade, the sauce, it's addictive magic.  Dripping wet, with a minuet of spicy, savory, sour, and a touch of sweet.  Even the fries benefit from soaking within its drizzle.  I don't know whether the recipe is Greek or Mexican, but it's ALL good.  You can have your pretentious $30 chicken roti at Bouchon, or cornish game hens.  I mean, those fine dining places are great for romanticism and other styles, but for chicken... FORGET even the value; for flavor, pound-for-pound, they can't even come close to the sensation that is Dino's.  Yes, you can get burgers, and other standard hamburger joint offerings, but the chicken and fries is where it's at.
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/27/2012,9/19/2012,674,1349,29,44,33>So who else wants to spend a day to go nowhere... let alone I bet you are not going nowhere very fast... Javier S gave me a load of crap on this I might add... and I walked right into it (pun not intended)...Well this is one of the longest hikes I have been on in So Cal and sometimes will require significant wading depending on the season. If you go during the summer/hot periods, take a camelback as you must have lots of h2o! NO SERIOUSLY BRING LOTS OF WATER!PRO TIP #1: Ask to refill your water at the bungee jump spot on the bridge as they have a filter =)The Bungee America bungee jump is the only California legal bungee jump in the entire state. They have not had an accident and it's a pretty rocken set up that they have, except that there is not a restroom!PRO TIP #2: Bring your swimsuit (bikini under clothes for girls, guys may want to hike in theirs depending on type/style) and a smaller towel so you can go rock jumping just past the bridge or just lounge in a cool mountain stream pool.The trail requires good hiking boots. This is due to varying terrain at every turn and numerous rocks and places to climb/retain good traction while moving through them. There are also a number of sandy areas as well, so be ready for all kinds of stuff to get into your feet, if you are wearing open toed shoes.  Many of the stream crossings have rocks and or trees that you can cross the stream on. Granted if you don't have good balance or hiking poles, expect to take a dip.PRO TIP #3: You must have an adventure pass to park here. Pay attention to the parking ok areas. We had to hike an extra 2 miles due to parking. If we had just parked willy nilly, it was a $63.00 ticket and the cops handed out more than a book of tickets they said!!!The restrooms on this hike are at the trailhead and about a  mile into the hike. That is it! The rest of the hike will require a dip in the stream, a nice shrub, or a thick boled tree. I highly suggest a plastic bag and a small amount of baby wipes or something similar for some sanitary options while on the hike.PRO TIP #4: Bring lunch to eat near the bridge. You will need sustenance and if you don't have it, well you are going to be really hurting by the end of the hike.The hike itself is a fairly flat hike with a very minor grade. However there are a number of rock formations which you must clamber over or around. So I implore you to wear appropriate footwear. The nature views are excellent but there is no dramatic vista, except to look at the bridge itself.Here is the link to the Bridge to Nowhere Wiki showing its history: en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Br…
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/18/2012,782,622,19,24,23>I had a formal event to go to and I didn't feel like doing my hair. I read Katie B's review of the drybar and I have had this place bookmarked ever since. I finally had a chance to experience it for myself and I LOVED  it. From the moment I walked in I was pleased. The young gentleman working the check in area was super friendly and welcoming. The environment was chill and everyone that worked there seemed super nice. My girl Claire did a fantastic job on my beach hair look. I was worried going in that my very straight and thick asian hair would be unfamiliar to the stylists but it wasn't the case. Claire, who coincidentally was asian did a fantastic job! Perks: alcoholic beverages are offered and amazing looking cookies by the front desk were very tempting. In less than 45 minutes and for $35, you get your hair washed and styled. It's very easy to book your appointment through their website. They only do blowouts, they don't do any cuts or colors.Best of all, there is free parking in the lot behind their shop. No doubt I will be heading back the next time I have an event to go to.
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,9/16/2012,1224,611,14,22,20>WOW. Just wow. Last night the BF & I had a taste of good karma, with perfect timing and the stars aligned, we were pointed in the direction of Sugarfish. Intrigued by the new interior of the former Sushi Nozawa space, we walked in and were offered the special opportunity to be one of the first to sit for an impromptu dinner. Lele, Nozawa's partner, informed us that it was a friends & family tasting that night, however, he generously welcomed us to join them. Winner winner, sushi dinner. Words cannot describe the pure excitement I felt, like a fat sumo kid in a sushi candy store, since I never had the pleasure to dine at Sushi Nozawa before it was reincarnated to the new, modern space it is today. Raw wood trussed ceilings, amber pendant lamps, and several artistic interpretations of the iconic words "Trust Me" showcased along the walls. We saw Chef Nozawa sitting across the way, so we were dining amongst the legend himself which was pretty rad, if I do say so, myself.Trust Me tasting:Organic EdamameTuna SashimiAlbacore Sushi Salmon Sushi Yellowtail Sushi Halibut Sushi Toro Hand Roll Blue Crab Hand Roll+Uni+Nozawa super dry sakeYou can absolutely taste the freshness, as each perfectly orchestrated piece just melts in your mouth. The textures, temperatures, delicate sauces, and special nuances of the components of each piece is a sensory symphony in your mouth. Dinner ended with us meeting and shaking the sushi masterpiece making hands of Chef Nozawa as we thanked him and his staff on our way out. That made me pretty happy.Our server said they open to the public this Thursday. To all my fellow valley dwellers, be sure to come out and come often. That's my plan. There are tons of sushi options along Ventura Boulevard, but clearly, this is where it's at. No need to venture over the hill. Eight one eight, baby. Perfect date place. Perfect dinner just because place. Perfect anytime place. Perfect staff & service. Just perfect. In Nozawa we trust.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2012,9/15/2012,605,586,11,14,11>Chef Ricardo Diaz is one of LA's best chefs that no one knows about.  With Cook's Tortas and Guisados he's created quality Mexican food with complex flavors that can appeal to the Californian palate.When I heard that Chef Diaz opened a new restaurant in Whittier, I went to check it out!  Bizzara Capital has a menu with many familiar items (tacos, tortas, ceviches), but they have a few flavors unique to this restaurant.   While these flavors were familiar, I felt that they weren't as strong as the offerings that you get from Diaz' other restaurants.  The other problem was that the prices are a lot higher than the other restaurants.Bizzara Capital has great flavor and it's a great addition to Whittier, but I don't love it as much as Diaz' other places.  The silver lining, though, is that this place is still new.  They have time to evolve the menu.  I have faith that this will eventually be a great place to eat.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/21/2012,9/14/2012,429,432,10,17,16>I'm so happy I finally tried Mendocino Farms. I love it so much that I've been here twice this past week. I was surprised when one of the staff members recognized me. Kurobuta Pork Belly Banh Mi (5 stars) - The flavors of the tasty pork, pickled veggies, and chili aioli were balanced. Steak BLT (4 stars) - It had a good amount of tasty and tender steak. Mixed Green Salad (from my first visit) (4 stars) - This side salad dressed in a yummy vinaigrette included apples, walnuts, figs, dried cranberries, and blue cheese. Mixed Green Salad (from my second visit) (2 stars) - This one had strawberries and goat cheese. It's great for a goat cheese fan, but I wasn't too crazy about it. Strawberry Lemonade (3 stars) - I thought it was a little too tart and too sweet. Service (5 stars) - It's refreshing to meet a friendly staff that is happy to see customers. Every person I encountered was very nice and helpful. From the clipboard to the cash register, I was greeted with a smile. On my second visit, they took relatively long (15 minutes) for a take out order. However, they were very apologetic and gave me a free side.Thank you, Mendocino Farms, for two yummy dinners. You are a wonderful addition to the neighborhood. I look forward to the great service and trying other sandwiches.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2012,9/13/2012,823,421,11,22,14>Bottom Line:  I'd recommend getting your tint done here. Down Low:  Paid $168 total for premium tint (top row of display inside shop) for all windows of a Prius with lifetime warranty (keep the yellow copy of your purchase order). Service:  Fantastic. The guys running the shop were awesome. Very friendly, gave good recommendations for all of their services, and are straight-up. (For the ladies, they're not creepy either!)Timing:  I'd have to recommend NOT coming on the weekend, if at all possible. It's worth your time to fit it in during the week, because it's ridiculously packed Saturdays (got there at 8:50 when they technically open at 9:00, and was #15 in line), and was a breeze on a Monday (done with full tinting in an hour fifteen). Note:  They tell you this when you get the service done, but just a little FYI so you can plan accordingly - 3 days: don't roll your windows down, 1 week - no car washes.Overall, I'm really glad I got it done... It looks better, but it also keeps your car WAY cooler. Instantly, I noticed the difference in inside temperature. It's worth the money, and quite frankly, the deal you get at CA Tint is the best around. Or on Rosemead Blvd. at least... It's 4.5 star average yelp review doesn't lie!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2012,9/12/2012,707,1492,28,14,17>This little Yelper went to The OinksterThis little Yelper can't  stay home,This little Yelper had Pastrami,This little Yelper wants more.And this little Yelper went... "Yum yum yum" all the way home...Oh, and so did @Revolutionarrie and @AudreyRLWyatt and That Guy & friends...
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2012,9/11/2012,1201,1068,13,18,20>It has been a few years now since I been back to Pho Pasteur. I use to go to this place all the time when I lived in this little town. But now since I've moved I haven't been back until last Saturday.I was expecting it to be pretty busy since I was coming to meet a girlfriend at 12:00 in the afternoon. Well I thought wrong I guess a lot of people wouldn't feel like eating pho in the hot summer day. But I did, I was craving it to the point of no return. As soon as we stepped in a nice man took us to our seats next to the window. After we looked at the menu we glanced up and two cups of water were nicely placed on the table. We both ordered and also got two drinks. My favorite drink when I go to pho places is this green drink that in English is called "Pennyworth". I'm not too sure what that means since it isn't a penny and I think it is worth a lot more than that! Our pho came within a few minutes after our drinks and we then started to get down to business. No more talking but just straight up eating and scarfing it down was what I did. I enjoyed it for sure but the soup was alright. I liked the noodles they weren't too hard and they were cooked well. The meat was fine but I couldn't finish all of it because really they just put too much in. I'll be back again hopefully, service was nice, fast, and the food was pretty good. It isn't fancy but hey we are talking about pho.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,9/10/2012,1472,495,34,30,26>Being a girl can be a difficult situation.Never is this more true than when addressing the very delicate issue of waxing.I mean, let's be honest here...you are basically paying to get your body hair ripped out by the root using hot wax.  And in the case of a Brazilian wax...well it gets to be even more difficult...and delicate.Look, I'm totally a feminist but I like to deal with a clean work space regardless of the patriarchal implications getting a Brazilian implies. So when I found a flyer at Jumbo's Clown Room (don't ask) for a waxing salon Downtown mere blocks from my apartment, I had to give it a try.Clean, simply decorated and affordable ($39 for a Brazilian but I got the Yelp deal for $25) this place is a wonderful addition to Downtown.  But the best part is the staff and their impeccable work.  For many, much shyer women, the prospect of laying naked from the waist down with a stranger messing around in your neither-region is not appealing and can be downright terrifying.  But the ladies here are friendly, warm and comforting.  I was never embarrassed or worried...hell it was one of the less brutal below the waist experiences I've had since moving Downtown. The work was quick and high quality, and I gingerly walked away with, surprisingly, no discomfort whatsoever. It's nice to know that will all the difficult situations I have to deal with as a girl, Wax Candy makes one of the difficult situations a lot more pleasant.
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,9/9/2012,334,325,16,20,18>I have stopped into this wonderful cake shop only a couple of times, but consider me charmed.A friend introduced me, and I am very glad they did. Bringing a box of these to my mother for her birthday proved to be an excellent choice for a quiet little celebration.All cupcake stores strive to stand out, but many end up falling into the same pitfall of flavor options. However, Wonderland Custom Cakes brings a little more pizzazz and a little more excitement into the fold.It's exciting to walk in here on the chance that the air inside might smell like whatever they're baking in the back. For example, my last trip resulted in my noggin filled with the warm and aromatic smells of their carrot cake cupcakes being baked. I bought one of them, and I was thrilled that they tasted as fantastic as they smelled.You simply need to go in and try one.I'm a fan of their carrot cake, their orange, the nutella, the chocolate -- just... EVERY single cupcake I have tried has been a delicious experience. A lovely balance of cake and frosting, neither leaving you wanting one more than the other.I would recommend that if you're in the mood for a cupcake treat, you stop in and check out these sweet beauties and try one for yourself.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2012,9/8/2012,361,411,17,20,18>I had some biznazz to do at USC main campus, and my friend came along with me because it's always more fun with company! We left the campus around noontime aka hungry time, so we were on the lookout for somewhere to grab some food. We drove by La Valentina,  which looked new and slightly promising, so we made a U-turn. Plus one for easy lot parking!It was pretty empty when we walked in, so we didn't really have to wait. Except we did, because there were so many selections to choose from that it took me a while to order something (as is the case more often than not. :( But luckily my friends are usually patient!)I ended up ordering the sopes combo and my friend ordered the chilaquiles. It took them a while, and after we ordered, many more people came. The staff looked a little panicked by all the orders, and understandably since this place is pretty new. I say it like it didn't bother me because when the food came out, it looked sooo good! But it tasted even BETTER than it looked!! The sopes knocked my socks off! Hands down, these are the best sopes I've ever had! :) Sorry, King Taco/El Taurino, you've got to move on over. The sope was thick, puffy, fried, and slightly chewy in the center, topped with deliciously marinated meat, lettuce, and fine crumbly cheese. Both the al pastor and the carne asada were awesome. They also serve it with a side of rice and beans.The chilaquiles were good too! They used tortilla chips, and it came also with a side of beans and potatoes. Horchata was good. The workers were friendly!It was all super affordable too. If you're around, I'd definitely recommend trying this place out! :)
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2012,9/7/2012,894,836,14,20,17>Despite the awkwardly descriptive name, Bread Food delivers. Food: If you're coming here, you must order the "stuffed" pan fried pork and cabbage dumplings (yelp.com/biz_photos/UQJw…). This octopus-reminiscent dish is a conglomeration of the thickest skinned dumplings you can imagine. The skins are so thick and bready that it almost tastes like baozi. They fry them in a pan, allowing them to stick together and develop a golden crust before flipping it over and serving it on a plate. Be sure to eat the dumplings with the garlic sauce they provide (yelp.com/biz_photos/UQJw…). It's super strong since I don't think the garlic is cooked much. I tried two other dishes here, the beef noodles soup (yelp.com/biz_photos/UQJw…) and the seaweed (yelp.com/biz_photos/UQJw…). Both were pretty bad. The soup stock had almost no flavor and the seaweed was a bit limp.  Atmosphere: This is where this place fails hard. It's pretty dirty in here and the seating is extremely limited. If takeout is an option, definitely pursue that route. I think I wanted to leave as soon as I sat down, but the delicious fried dumplings coaxed me into staying. Service: Pretty abrupt. You're there for the food, not for a smile. Also, it helps to know Mandarin, but it's not necessary. Synopsis: Amazing fried dumplings. I'd try it at least once just for this one dish. The food is so incredibly inexpensive that you really have nothing to lose.
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/20/2012,9/6/2012,1437,651,16,18,12>Picture one of the best things you have ever eaten. Try to remember the taste, the texture of it in your mouth, the absolute joy you felt at that moment in time. Now scratch that - because unless you imagined yourself eating some John Kelly Chocolates you were thinking of the wrong thing. John Kelly is a small store, tucked away on Sierra Bonita ave just north of Sunset blvd. It is easy to miss - and considering I have lived in the neighborhood for 13 years and today was my first visit I can say I was one of the unfortunate people who had missed out for a very long time.The inside of the store is beautiful - a crisp clean white that has splashes of J.K. brown and gold around it in the shape of boxes. The displays are simple and to the point. You have the beautifully decorated boxes and the prices in front of them. I love that there are no questions to be asked. No picking up the box, realizing it is above your price point, and then quickly putting it down and walking away. Furthermore, they do use nuts in their products but everything is clearly labeled to avoid any confusion. To the right of the entrance you have a window into the world of the chocolate makers. I could have stood there and stared at the man all day - but I didn't want to be weird.The person who greeted me was welcoming, informative (he asked if it was my first time, how I heard about John Kelly, and then informed me of the Yelp discount) but I like the fact that he kept his distance and let me browse for a few minutes. This is the type of establishment where pushy sales people could make you feel bad when you say "well, I was looking to spend around twenty bucks..." this gentleman however allowed me to do my thang, yet he was extremely approachable when I had questions.I settled on a box of 8 salted chocolates for $27. Boxes of 4 ranged about the $15 mark, and the chocolates in the display case were about $3.50 each. I shouldn't have waited this long to describe the joy of eating one of these babies, but let me go off on an amazing tangent here for a minute. I picked a mint (no nuts) chocolate from the case to try for myself. It was $3.50, but once I had it in my hands outside the store I was amazed how big it was. I had about 4 solid (big) bites out of the chocolate, and it satisfied my craving. The mint flavor was wonderful, and you could tell it was made with natural ingredients. Biting into the chocolate itself I found it to be a wonderful, light, creamy, rich, delicious fudge. Picture a fudge you could cut with a feather. Now picture this fudge being surrounded by clouds, champagne waterfalls, and cute little frolicking puppies. During this time cherubs are singing to you, and David Beckham is giving you a shoulder massage. That is seriously how amazing this chocolate is. Even though he knew it was for me, the gentleman working packaged this chocolate so beautifully that I kind of wanted to be all crazy hoarder and keep the packaging.So . . . in short John Kelly is amazing. They are very prideful of their product and their customer service is stellar. Don't waste your time at any other "chocolatier".
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2012,9/5/2012,333,303,18,16,15>Everyone thinks they know Italian. Especially in LA, the trend seems to be small plates, high prices, and leave you feeling hungry wondering "How the HELL do they always show Italians as curvy ample waisted and hipped women and men with stomachs that say yes I'm seeing that caprese but all I want is some freaking chicken parm and a side of vino!?!" I want to eat where they eat! I want the stuff of Moonstruck and Goodfellas before the blow buffet, real Eye-talian! Enter Colori Kitchen. Best Italian food I've had in America.From the moment you enter this restaurant, smells have already encircled your party, drawing you into the small, understated dining room with the open kitchen and exposed brick walls. Don't be surprised if every seat is taken. Don't be jealous, yes, before you came in, these people all knew something you didn't - but now you can join the club. From first bite to final forkful, nothing will disappoint. I truly mean this. Calamari steak so tender and fresh you will never want those bastardized popcorn pieces crossing your plate again. Carpaccio mounded plentifully on fresh arugula as if they were giving it away. The pastas, the risotto, the ravioli, and oh the sauces. Don't ever discount the specials, and listen to your server (it will most likely be Greg, he rocks) - he knows. TIP - Order a cheesecake (don't write me off yet) at the beginning of the meal. They only make like 12 a night, they'll redefine what you thought cheesecake was. I can only hope more restaurants take a page out of Colori's book when it comes to (well, everything) this dessert. It's fluffy, it's cake-like, it's got ricotta in there, split it with friends. Wield that spoon like you're in Game of Thrones and by the end you'll have one seriously satiated stomach.One more thing - If you're not already screeching through the one way streets of DTLA, no corkage fee. NONE. Pick up a bottle or two (one bottle allowed per 2 people), make a reservation and get your skinny carb craving self over there.I'd say we can all agree that, in theory, God and the Devil don't agree on much. However, I'd stake good money on the fact that Colori Kitchen is one place we might witness a ceasefire. God maybe with the linguine with clam sauce and the Prince of Darkness slicing into fresh porkchops stuffed with almonds, claw around a huge goblet of "Chianti" beginning to yell with a full mouth - "Easy Luc - after the cheesecake."
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2012,9/4/2012,421,332,22,21,24>Loves.Pepper, Cricket, Peaches, and Valerie introduced me to this spot.  That is the same night I fell head over heels with Anna B.  Crazy how sometimes the stars just align?Everyone who works here is super nice.  They are pretty playful, like to joke around but offer great service.  They even pretend to remember me, except Tom.  Stop asking for my ID already!  Lets get down to business, the food.  My recommendations would be:The deviled eggs are great.  Please remember if you are going home with someone that deviled eggs and beer might not be the best combination.  Since I go home alone, it works.Marinated olives.  I like sharing these with people.  I don't know if I could eat a whole jar alone, but maybe I should challenge myself.Sliders.  I prefer these over the burger.  I haven't tried the burger but I have already made this decision.Bread Pudding.  It is bread pudding, so good, get with the program.The Grilled Cheese is amazing.  I don't like tomato soup so I don't order it.  I do wish they sold it with a salad or something else.  Anyway, I just take bites from other peoples and it seems to work out, for me at least.Also, they have purse hooks.  I always thought this place was 4 star because of the lack of purse hooks.  Then someone showed them to me.  I am just a four star idiot.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/2/2012,9/3/2012,315,38,35,40,31>Nate n' Al is a great little deli in the middle of Beverly Hills. You could go to Rodeo Drive to buy a designer purse or some $200 yoga pants, and completely miss it if you didn't know any better. Well, now you know better, so there's no excuse.Nate n' Al's hearkens back to the old Beverly Hills that I used to know. I came here years and years ago. This was "our spot" every Tuesday before our weekly card game and we loved it. It was also where you went to breakfast or lunch when you had the time.I came back the other day, after a forty years, and it seems like nothing has changed! The Mazoh Ball Soup is still the same. The Matzoh Brie is still the same (that's fried matzoh to the uninitiated, and I recommend you try it). Even the pickles are still the same.This is a place where you go to see and be seen. It's the kind of place where the diamonds mix it up with the clay. Business people come on their lunch breaks. Other kinds of people bring their grandparents. I don't think you can bring your little dogs, which is probably why we haven't see the Paris Hiltons of the world in there. But that'sprobably for the best.If you want my advice, bring the whole family. They have all the comforts of Jewish food and reasonable choices if you want to keep your LA figure, too. What's not to love?
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,9/2/2012,1813,600,14,17,16>If you locked a group of sushi purists inside Sushi Enya, there's a good chance they'd gnaw right through the bright purple walls and probably each other trying to escape the revisionist offerings on display here. Quite the opposite of the no rolls, no tempura traditional sushi bars that are so prevalent in the area, this funky tribute to Prince's favorite color is an oddly breath of fresh air. I sheepishly admit that as I've progressed on my own personal fresh fish journey I've become something of a sushi snob. Not intentionally, it just seems as one learns more it's somewhat inevitable as it is with wine, but one of the consequences is that I don't often order rolls which is a shame.I could probably do with more waiters like the one here. He kept telling me I'd ordered enough and I kept trying to order more because I thought he was trying to rush us out as it was near closing. Turns out he was just being helpful. The rolls are gigantic here, it was almost comical when they arrived at the counter on their two foot plates, how much we had over ordered, so my advice would be to heed the wise words of your server.Enya is all about rolls, and there are a lot of them all displayed in pretty pictures on the menu, but the photos really don't do them justice. If nothing else, all the dishes here are lovely to look at. Fortunately they're also really delicious to savor.Dragon Roll - as big as Kirstie Alley, it's jam packed with spicy tuna, yellowtail, smelt eggs, avocado, shrimp tempura. It's layered over a moderately spicy bed of chili oil with ponzu sauce, and it has a really nice flavor to it.Cherry Blossom Roll - just as large, more spicy tuna, crab salad on a bed of chili oil and eel sauce. Maybe even more tasty, nicely different flavor from the Dragon Roll.Green Mussel Roll - best of class. Warm rice and a number of delicious fresh mussels. A complete winner.Xx - clever combination of scallop and salmon, top with roe and seaweed and layered over a tasty sauce I couldn't place. Excellent.Salmon Family - salmon and roe over another sauce. This was my least favorite of the order but it was fairly good and it looked wonderful.Because rolls are covered in sauces and garnishes, it's hard to gauge exactly how high a grade of fish they use here, but the mussels, scallops and salmon were very good quality so it would be fair to guess its far above average. It's also probably not Sushi Gen or Komasa level, but then that's not the target. For the prices, quantity and flavors, this is a standout option. Sashimi traditionalists will quiver, but for everyone else this is a great find and certainly going to be a regular stop when I want the lowbrow option. Best Plates: Green Mussel Roll, Xx, Salmon Family, Dragon Roll, Cherry Blossom RollPalate: mainstreamFood - A-Ambience - BService - A-Value -A-
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2012,9/1/2012,877,577,14,21,18>I have to thank Michael W. for introducing my husband and I to Cafe Cola. We've passed the location many times, since we've been up in the Azusa Canyon, but I remember this place being something else. The place is hard to spot, since you can't see it from the street. The storefront is facing north towards the mountains.Cafe Cola just opened up at the beginning of 2012 and seems to be doing well already. Their cheese steaks made from rib-eye are really delicious! PHOTO: (yelp.com/biz_photos/AWV1…) I've also tried their Rubie slider (Swiss cheese, bacon, mushrooms, BBQ sauce). PHOTO: (yelp.com/biz_photos/AWV1…) The diameter of the slider is smaller than the bun, but sliders only run $2.95 and you can always order 2 or 3 if you're really hungry. They are larger than your typical slider. The thing I would recommend are the ZOMBIE FRIES. You can top them with anything you want. Multiple kinds of cheese, bacon, mushrooms...maybe even a fried egg.... be creative!  PHOTO: (yelp.com/biz_photos/AWV1…)Simple menu, decent prices, custom orders.We spoke with the owner, Romel, and he's a very personable guy who's pretty humble and takes time to listen to his customers He's emphazised that money is not the driver of his business. He also likes to give back to the community.  In Azusa especially, we've seen so many restaurants fail just within the last 3 years so we wish Cafe Cola good luck with their newly growing business!Note - They're closed on Sundays.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,8/31/2012,457,183,10,18,16>Venezuelan food in the heart of Koreatown... I never thought I would be able to find kim chee on the same block as arepas, but this neighborhood continues to throw surprises at me and this is why I love Ktown.  Amazonas is a relatively new addition to the corner of 9th & Western and they are warming up nicely.  To be honest, they didn't win me over until my second visit, but now they got me good.  Small & quaint with a homestyle feel.  Just four little tables for customers eating in; comfy wood chairs, green tablecloths, and little flower center pieces.I've had the Empanadas de Pabellon and the Domino Arepas.  Both delicious, but it's the arepas I have to give them kudos for.  I've searched all over LA looking for good arepas and I still have trouble believing that I actually found them so close to home.  They make them by hand too... no arepa machines here.  Deep fried to delicious goodness and stuffed full with you choice of meat or beans.  The only thing I'm not fond of is the sauce that comes with the arepas (seasoned mayonnaise type sauce), but my boyfriend confirmed that they are right in line with what you would find in Venezuela and he thought they were great.  But there is so much flavor in the meat, beans, and everything else, condiments are an unneeded addition in my opinion.On my most recent visit I tried the special of the day, Lomo Negro.  Loved it!  Slow roasted saucy meat w/raisins... not a dish I would have chosen on my own, but it's now one I would definitely recommend.  They also serve Chica, Venezuelan style, and that is bomb as well.If you are searching for traditional Venezuelan cuisine (and trust me, it is incredibly hard to hunt down in this City) you have got to give Amazonas a try.  ** Side notes: They finally got their credit card machine up and running & I think there is a tiny parking lot available behind the building. **
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,8/30/2012,331,196,19,24,20>This place should be called KBBQ party tiiiiiiiime!OMG, first, one very important & notable thing to mention; got upgraded from B to A! High five! Cleaner kitchen, better food. Second, coming here on a weekend wins over the lines of Hollywood clubbing, top 40's hits, loud, and big groups of people trying to get a table. (sidenote: For the loners, this might not be your thing, so you will complain, hence, come here during weekdays). Third, we got our table of six, relatively soon. The service was very nice. They were quick and attentive. We did majorly beef. Briskets, some pork loin, more briskets, a little bit of chicken, and then MORE briskets.Kimchi, salad, tofu, rice filo, seaweed pickles kept coming along with the brisket. Cold soju and cold beer were the must beverages for the unlimited meat stuffing experience. For those who try to cut meat out of their diets, this is one way to start. You eat it so much, that you don't wanna see the meat's face for decades (not in my case, I'm dedicated meatetarian)Do not dress to impress. You will smell like bbq blossoms. Have your hair up and afterwards go take a long shower. It's really part of the experience. This was my 3rd KBBQ fun. I'm sure I will come here again sometime, before the world ends.Things to know: Valet or street parking Bring Cash: AYCEGood group of meat lovers!xoxo
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2012,8/29/2012,291,164,18,20,21>In honor of Pi Day (3.14) I decided to TREAT MYSELF.This place is right across from Wurstkuche. Parking ain't easy, but you can easily spot the blue brick store front.The inside of the store has a refreshing, organic feel to it. The people working there are super friendly as well.The Crostada definitely caught my eye first with it's rich chocolaty exterior. It had a flaky croissant crust, which a fudge brownie filling, drizzled with sea salted caramel.  And then I noticed a pie with a slight orange tinge right next to it. "What kinda pie is that?" I asked inquisitively. "Oh that's our Pi Day Special. It has a rice krispy crust, layered with Nutella and sprinkling of shredded coconut, and topped with a Thai Iced Tea cream on top."THAI ICED TEA CREAM? SOLD!I got a slice of each to share with a friend. Prices are a bit steep...about $5.50 a slice. But hey, it's Pi Day..let's go all out.The Crostada tasted exactly as expected. The flaky croissant crust. The fudgey brownie taste and texture. A little bit too rich and sweet for my taste, but the slight hints of sea salt mixed amongst the caramel helped round out the flavors.The Pi Day Special, on the otherhand, easily won me over. The crispy crust, the crowd favorite smooth Nutella, the chewy coconut bits, and the amazingly creamy yet fluffy Thai iced tea filling. WOW. It wasn't too overly powerful in sweetness and you can definitely taste the tea as an aftertaste. It was an interesting flavor and texture combo, but worked surprisingly well.So well, that I bought another sliced to go! I asked if they would be serving this pie just for today, but they'll be having it for the rest of the week. Hopefully this pie special sticks around for longer than just Pi Day.Oh, and by the time I left the place with my second slice to-go, they've already coined a name for this Pi Day Special......the Pie Iced Tea! Clever.
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,8/28/2012,842,430,28,33,35>5 stars.I'm doing my part trying to keep this place open. The screens are a bit more run down.The prices have gone up a bit.But the fun I've had has also increased. Don't expect picture quality and sound to be the best. Don't come here wanting to watch that next great 3D or special effects movie.Sure you may see folding chairs, beer cans, McDonald's bags, tailgate-ish parties and smoke in the air but just remember the main rule at this drive-in.Mind your bid-ness.Support your local drive-ins.
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2012,8/27/2012,875,170,24,25,29>I feel as though this book store could have a movie revolve around it:A young man (picture my face, if it serves as a pleasant visual) walks into a bookstore --- ... and never leaves.Sounds like a horror story, doesn't it?On the contrary, it is not. Why, if anything, it's one of those movies akin to The Neverending Story or the Pagemaster -- one full of wonder and merriment. When people say "I could spend hours in here," or "I can lose track of time easily looking at everything around me," this is exactly how I feel about this place.It has all the elements:*An older Asian man who appears wise and all-knowing, but only lets you see glimpses of it.  He claims he's not the owner of the store, but he's the one I see most of the time. If I trade in books, he's also the one who quotes me the trade-in credit. You, sir, are more than meets the eyes and ears.*A bathroom at the end of the store, but if feels as though you've walked a mile to have to get there. It is my opinion that the store just stretches and stretches and gives off the illusion that you're on a never-ending treadmill that keeps you in place. As such, relieving yourself has never felt as refreshing and revitalizing at any other book store.*In the esoteric, metaphysical section, there is this one book positioned oddly that one would think (at least I know I do) that if you were to pull it from the shelf, something magical would happen; yet, you don't know whether it'll be good or bad. I've yet to take on this mystery; perhaps some day I shall.*The people that frequent the book shop simply look peculiar. Like they were placed their by some mystical puppeteer from the sky, strategically placed so that you can question every move they make, and motive they have.  "Um, ok, this guy definitely doesn't look like the type of person who'd be pulling out a book called Domesticated Goddesses: How to Cook like a Dream, and Pleasure like a Queen. (On second thought, hmm...  I guess you never know.)  But, really.  The middle-aged lady looking at woodworking books always seems to be looking at me through the corner of her eye.Maybe I'm paranoid from reading too many R.L. Stine books as a kid, with a healthy dose of Are You Afraid of the Dark? on the side. But, you know what? I wouldn't change a thing. And knowing this place is a two block walk from my work, it often makes for a nice lunch time break. I love their insane collection of books, and different nooks and crannies you can hide out in to read them. They also have a small selection of vinyl, but it always seems like someone's walked in and picked out anything I might be interested in. In the meantime, I may have to give Judy Collins a whirl on the turntable, because that's all I'd ever walk away with. On a good day.The great thing about this place is that they let you trade in books for store credit; provided that they feel as though they're able to re-sell it, or have a need for the variety it would provide them.  Currently, I have a $17 credit, and with that amount it should net me about two books, a side view glance from a middle-aged lady, and a story of my own to walk out of the store with. If there's anything left over, I could try bringing Judy Collins home with me. (Score!)This place has all the winning, without the Charlie Sheen.  (But maybe a biography of him somewhere.)- WillP.S. If I ever do pull that oddly positioned book out of its spot and not end up transported into a mythical world, I'll make sure to update this review.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,8/26/2012,536,155,13,17,21>Start off with the BBQ Pork Special (item #1). At quick glance, it resembles Cantonese char siu, but that's where the similarities end. Slightly fried on the outside to give it a light crunch, juicy and tender on the inside, and all while maintaining a perfect BBQ flavor. The combination comes with a tasty minced meat rice and a vegetable. Add an egg and it'd be just like those Taiwanese lunch boxes.The restaurant is small, and the biggest table seats 4, so don't roll up with your entire Monja entourage. TV could be put to better use, rather than cycling through pictures of Taiwan night markets, Wanhua and Monga the film, but hey, who am I to complain about pictures of Ethan Yuan!Will have to be back to try the rest of the menu, including the chicken roll and their homemade sausages!Mini back story: The new owner/chef is actually from the Wanhua region in Taipei, and learned the art of BBQ pork from a 3-generation restaurant.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,8/25/2012,1661,660,15,31,27>When it comes to food I'm a firm believer that less is more. Give me well cooked brown rice, an assortment of vegetables and a little bit of flavor and I'm good to go. It's simple, it's a whole meal with no additives, it's basically just a healthy way to grub.I guess that explains why I think Inaka is so dreamy, it satisfies the little Zen Buddhist monk that lives in my head. Yes, I have a monk living in my head and his name is Abhaya, he is hilarious when he drinks and he damn sure loves traditional Japanese Macrobiotic cooking too. Inaka is a fully Macrobiotic restaurant and I can't say how thankful I am to have them around the corner from me. I'm huge on Japanese traditional Macrobiotic food and if you are too you'll be pleased to hear their offerings range from kale, hijiki, kabocha, beans, lotus root, gobo, daikon, tsukemono, and umeboshi. If you do the fish thing well then you're covered too, they have an extensive list.I read some of the hater reviews on this page and people are mostly bitching about "bland" flavors but I'm sorry, Macrobiotic cooking is about simplicity and letting those natural ingredients speak for themselves. If you're used to junk food then yea, this is going to taste bland. My taste buds have long ago adjusted to appreciate the subtle sweetness of a well cooked kabocha squash, to the invigorating tartness of umeboshi, and to the delicate earthiness of pickled gobo root. If you've never eaten this way before you probably think I sound mental but it's just a healthy way to eat, Macrobiotic does directly transfer to "large life" after all. I'll tell you that my whole being is so thankful after a meal from Inaka, it's like premium fuel for the body.Maybe you've rocked the macro lifestyle for years, maybe you've heard about it. Maybe you haven't heard of it until right now, but if it peaks your interest I'll say Inaka is a good place to start. The prices are on the higher end but not too insane and they do a good job. "Large Life" people, think about it, and I promise Inaka will be ready when you are.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2012,8/24/2012,653,210,13,19,15>The Supper Club has a lot going on.  What makes this place stand out is that not only is it a trendy Hollywood club, it is also a great place to have dinner while watching a freak show that they put on for your viewing pleasure.   Personally, I prefer the dinner +show while lounging on their white sofa bed option versus the club option.   The 4 course meal is quite good; their lamb was amazing and I am VERY picky about my lamb.   The show is edgy, definitely adult rated, but in no way does the talent even come close to Circque du Soleil caliber so keep your expectations low, and you'll probably enjoy it.  In my opinion, it's worth checking out.  Of course the quality of the club depends on the night and the DJ.   It's usually okay, but it's not my favorite spot.
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/23/2012,432,279,34,30,29>I may never go back because I don't want to get killed in the parking lot, but oh boy, five stars. Perhaps it was just "low expectations" like that Charles Dickens classic, you know, Dan Quail syndrome, but I thought this place was a food warehouse type place, bag it  yourself, low grade, third hand, produce, etc..But nooooooo! It's more of a Costco meets Cost Plus, not that they have furniture, but that the whole theme is multicultural. First off, it's all about the produce. After finding a spot in the gargantuan lot, I meandered my way across Rome, Death Valley, and half the world finally arriving at the front entrance where over sized troughs of shopping carts awaited by huge fruit pools encased in cardboard peripheries. Watermelons, Cantaloops, and other recently appearing summer fruits blossomed everywhere, whilst the busy bee shoppers - taking advantage - flit from stand to stand picking up bounteous bargains to take home to the hive.As I ventured inside, it was evident that this ride was no ordinary shopping experience. Now considering the sheer mass coalescing in this relatively large space,  there is a considerable amount of calm. Perhaps it's because it's only me who's a bit overwhelmed in this inter-continental market place, because apparently this is just old hat for the Middle Eastern and Armenian weighted clientele, but it definitely is because the place is well run. I got "stuck" in one isle. Not physically but....did you have any idea how many types of molasses there are? Pomegranate molasses was the biggest surprise. Then there was the isle of Armenian pastries, and Russian pastries, and there was the huge jar of pickled tomatoes mixed with regular pickles. There are BULK sized bags of rice and other grains. And speaking of grains. There is enough alcohol in this market to power a small town. And not just an enormous display in the market proper, but another den of sin near the front where they keep all the good stuff locked up in glass shelves under the toy r us sized Hookah section.There are people in their sixties here that could give Keith Richards a run for the money...when he was 25. My fave were the booze filled glass bottles shaped like machine guns.Now where Costco always has lines that require GPS and a scout, somehow they usher through these elephant trains of over filled carts with remarkable speed. Next it's back out the to concrete jungle of the parking lot. Expect people to go the wrong way. It's survival of the fittest. And, it's worth it. Take a look at the market's website. It's a culture. They have fans and a great little comic strip.It's good to be King, but it's even better being Super King.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2012,8/22/2012,676,626,15,17,18>Generally, having an "identity crisis" is negatively associated. One may relate the chemical breakdown to the stereotypical 50 year old man who decides it is the perfect time for a 20 year old mistress or even a teenager who simply doesn't know what style to wear and what hobbies to pursue. Yet, in the case of Wacko's; an identity crisis is the best description and compliment it can receive. Wacko's can't be given the title of one type of store (perhaps it doesn't know its own identity nor does it want one ): it is a bookstore, art gallery, novelty store, jewelry outlet, restaurant supply (in terms of plates and flatware), and a must-see destination "attraction" in one store-front which looks sort of like a Bob Marley poster meets Hot Topic. Confused? In lamen's terms, this means that you can spend hours browsing an extensive and creative selection of various novelties, books, art books, posters, mugs, backpacks, jewelry, candy bars, and local art in a fun environment. Whether you are simply bored or shopping for a creative gift, you will find what you see at Wacko's. I can't stress enough how awesome it it truly is. Be prepared for the "kid in a candy store" mentality because you will sure want a million items (some which you don't need. Okay, most you won't "need" but will certainly want). Prices can be a bit steep on some of the items but due to its rare nature; it will be worth it. Plus, the store clerks are knowledgeable and pleasant (when they aren't yelling toward the art gallery in the back at people trying to touch paintings which are marked at thousands of dollars -- I saw one for $20,000!). Basically, some of the prices may be viewed as a rip off but the items are amazing and the experience at Wacko's as a whole makes it worth it. The best part is that fact they Wacko's lets you hang out and browse their selection without purchasing anything. If you are low on funds and need something to do; skip your usual trip to Barnes & Noble and head to Wacko's. An outing to the store is seriously an adventure. Having friends or family in town? Wacko's should definitely be added to their tourist attraction list. Perhaps Wacko's is a jumbled mess of titles, but it is in the best way possible. It is more than a store... and doesn't need a 20 year mistress to prove it.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2012,8/21/2012,476,584,20,29,22>Caramel Milk Flan + Pumpkin Fries = LOVE!! My friend and I came here for some munchies on a TUESDAY NIGHT :) I remember cause there was a $2 for 2 taco deal. I think she got the chicken and I got the pork. These little fusion tacos were not the most amazing thing ever, but it's cheap!! The thing that impressed me was the pumpkin fries!! They were so good I wish that was all we ate (didnt wanna share!!) We also got the Chorizo Wontons, but that was kind of disappointing. I ate one and I didn't really wanna touch any more =/ The service was decent. The place is small and it looks like it probably gets really crowded. On a brighter note, they open til midnight. So yay for late night munchies. Their Deals: - Taco Tuesdays: 2 Tacos for $2 From 4PM-9:30PM- WING IT Wednesdays: 12 Wings for $4.95 ALL DAY- Lunch Specials: $1 Drinks from 11AM-3PM- Check-In special: 10% offNext time I will come back to try their fusion basket fries :) and definitely get more pumpkin fries with a caramel milk flan!!!
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2012,8/20/2012,5000,1442,22,31,26>All you-can-eat/take/devour of Dodger dogs, peanuts, popcorn, sodas, and nachos!  While I, and many others, have a great unlimited time -- the entire section should probably be sponsored by Overeaters Anonymous.I sat in section 312, row B [yelp.com/biz_photos/xKVP… -- so that's totally Matt Kemp Home-run territory ("MVP!  MVP!  MVP!").  While he didn't hit one during my game yesterday (see my full review of Opening Day 2012, yelp.com/biz/dodger-stad…), second row (B) in the Pavilion (aka "Bleacher") may just get you a batting practice ball or one thrown to the crowd by a Dodger outfielder after each inning warm-up.I never sat in the bleacher before, and I have to tell you....LOVED IT.  While it isn't the best view/angle, per say, it's certainly the most fun.  Lots of interactions with the outfielders, fellow fans, people to my left and my right asking if I wanted anything (as they made runs to the all-you-can-eat concessions)....and so close to the field that you can almost smell the grass (as in lawn, not "MJ"!).  Overall, it is much more of a jolly fun feeling vs a suit/tie/jacket of an LA crowd --- it's a true day at the Park!So, it's up to you.  Is it worth an extra $15 more than a seat in the standard bleacher/pavilion area?  As you know, if you would normally get 2 dogs, a soda, and pretzels -- it would run you about $22-ish (on a day game, you'll get 2-3 drinks).  If you want to be a little piggy, you can stuff 4 dogs down, have 5 or 6 sodas, peanuts, and pretzels -- well, then you have your ROI -- this pays for itself before the game begins!For me, I was slightly disappointed that the all-you-can-eat didn't have a few more options, such as: beer, garlic fries, and/or soft serve ice cream.  The latter item, I have unlimited endless room for!  Thus, the one star demerit.Caution: for day games, bring/wear sunscreen and wear a hat.  There's nowhere to hide under in the shade and still watch the game like you can in other areas of the stadium.  Thus, I got fried, VERY sunburned...and so many others around me were beet red and thrashed, too.  Ouch!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2012,8/19/2012,2137,534,17,26,18>I checked in last night and Yelp said I was the Duchess.. Well I'll be! I do frequent this spot a lot and I am IN LOVE! Ever since I stepped into Pour Vous and was transported back into old and glamorous Paris filled with dim lighting, great music, an extensive cognac list, fresh oysters and sexy mixologists creating one-of-a-kind champagne cocktails.... I was hooked. I won't even begin to list my favorite champagne cocktails because I've tried almost all of them (I'm working my way through the entire list) and they have all been unique, delicious and potent! Don't let how beautiful they look fool you... These cocktails are strong! Just how I like it! This is coming from someone who loves to drink rums, cognacs, scotch and whiskeys on the rocks or neat. I'm usually a purist but these cocktails are so damn good it keeps me coming back for more. Other reasons I love it:- Mixologists/bartenders love what they do and it shows. They are so knowledgeable too and have a lot of experience doing this.- All the staff is friendly and service is great- Place is beautifully decorated and intimate- It oozes sexy appeal... Oui Oui!- The cocktails (if I didn't emphasize that enough already)- Anti-Hollywood Strip sceney crowd- Hidden gem on Melrose and Gower- Street parking available- They are open 7 days a week from 8pm-2am! SWEET! I can go on and on but you'll have to go there for yourself. I can't wait to have my bday there soon!Tips:- Guys have a dress code. No tshirts and plaid. Or at least wear a sports coat or jacket over it. Gotta keep it classy.- Ladies as long as you look well put together and your beautiful selves, you should be good to go.- They are strict with capacity issues so get there by 9ish and you shouldn't have a problem getting in.- Be adventurous and try something new!
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/2/2012,8/18/2012,629,1325,29,35,34>I've decided to put my 1000th review on a place I've been to many times and I could actually sketch my review... yes. I told some of the yelpers I'd quickly sketch my experience... so giving it a shot here.sphotos-a.xx.fbcdn.net/h…FOOD:I've had food from here and it's not good... and it's overpriced. So if you are going to eat here... don't. Go someplace else first. The brunch isn't bad. Dinner... eh.SHOWS:I have not been disappointed in the shows I've seen here. They've made me laugh, they made me cry from laughing, they made me have migraines... yes... migraines... because IT BLOWS YOUR MIND. I am thinking SO hard... that my brain hurts. It's pleading with me to STOP THINKING and LET IT BE. But as a overthinker... I can't help it.Favorites: * One magician I saw... on my birthday. I forgot his name but he is generations of magicians... he had BUNNIES as part of his show. WTF. BUNNIES! Real, moving, cute, cuddly BUNNIES. I was acting like I was having an orgasm that time. BUNNIES. I f**king LOVE bunnies. That made the show great and my reaction to the bunnies made everyone KNOW I love bunnies. The tricks were great and it included bunnies. SO HAPPY that moment.* Another was  Guimarães and DelGaudio - two Magic Castle winners. They did a duo performance that was MIND BLOWING. I was impressed. They did stuff that seriously... movie magic. They need to work for Hollywood. It's no wonder they are winners. Even Neil Patrick Harris praised it... F**cking Barney Stinson / Doogie Houser praised them! That's a BIG deal. So seriously... awesome.* Another guy is a favorite of mine - he always wears a cowboy hat and he sings country songs he made up himself. He's SO funny. He's a comedian AND magician. Seriously... great show.IRMA THE PIANO: The ghost who plays the piano... she knows Gaga... but I dunno if she knows any other current song. Can someone request "Call Me Maybe" and let me know if she plays it?DRESS CODE:Very strict. They do have sports coats for you if you forgot it - MEN.Ladies... dress pants or dresses/skirtsMen: Look like a Boss, not a gangsterAMBIANCE:Very historic feel... kinda like the Golden Era of Hollywood - 1940s-60s. Then you go outside of the Magic Castle to the ghetto... helllooo... :P But the inside is beautiful. RULES:*No photos inside. :sigh:*Dress code*Always carry an IDPARKING:Valet for $8OVERALL:Love the shows! A MUST SEE experience. :DTHANK YOU:Thanks to my friend Nelson F for all the awesome times taking me there. I loved it! I seriously appreciate you.And Nelson is also an amazing magician! :DGO 1000TH review!
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2012,8/17/2012,3365,753,43,42,40>Fu*k Umami.I'm only here for the PIGG gawdammit.Yes, the king of offal himself....Chris Cosentino sent me.Snagged a lone seat at the Jewish deli section of the bar....cuz that's how I get down when I'm feasting on PORK.Insanely friendly server tells me about the concept...the 5 different menus including the old school umami burgers, the deli, the back bar, donuts and coffee.  I listen politely and inform the kind gentleman that I came here simply for some pig's ears, pig brain mayonnaise, cured pork meat and some pig "hoof and mouth"  He nods approvingly.CRISPY PIGS EARS yelp.com/biz_photos/tP4_…I am assured that these are 100% lard fried....they damn well better be.  The pigs ears are quite thinly shredded (thinner than the ones at animal) and almost as tasty as the ones from salt's cure.  Easily in my top 3 though....perfectly fried, crispy, crunchy with just a tiny bit of chewy (which I love) They are tossed with just the right amount of lemon and parsley.  You also get this killer side of BRAINASE....basically a super rich herb aioli of sorts that incorporated PIGS BRAIN into the mix.  Pork heaven my friends.FINCHVILLE CURED PORKyelp.com/biz_photos/tP4_…A beautiful offering of cured pork that is SLICED PAPER THIN...you can practically see through it.  This stuff comes from a small farm in Kentucky called Finchville Farms...it's a farm that focuses on one thing....HAM.  It's what they do and it's who they are.  Seeing as how this was the least expensive cured meat on the menu ($10)  and it was delicious....  I can't wait to come back and pig out with some other pork afficionados on the good stuff.  I tore away at this pig with my bare fingers and it left the most beautiful porky film on my digits... I need to clean my phone now.HOOF AND MOUTH SANDWICHyelp.com/biz_photos/tP4_…Cosentino's take on a banh mi....you get the crusty baguette which is almost TOO razor sharp in terms of the crustiness....I almost sliced the hell outta the roof of my mouth...a SLIGHTLY softer bread woulda been perfect.  The flavors of the head cheese/pork jowl were excellent....the server told me there was also ground pigs feet/trotters....it was porky, chewy and a tiny bit of perfect gelatinousness.  It all went great with the pickled carrots and red onions.  There was also some greens and even a little mint for a great combination of flavors.  My only gripe was my usual one....it needed MORE PORK!  yelp.com/biz_photos/tP4_…So I did what any rational human being would do.....I stuffed the rest of the sandwich with what was left of my Finchville cured pork then I dipped it into what was left of my brainase.....fu*king porktastically delicious.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2012,8/16/2012,203,158,13,17,14>This restaurant is a hidden gem! It's like an escape from LA's busy and stressful life. The ambiance has a hip, modern, and zen feel. It has dim lighting with comfy seating. They also have a bar which is nice...cool place also for casual dates/drinks. Customer service never disappoints me.I had tried the following so far:Lunch Special - Chicken Teriyaki, Steak Teriyaki, & Pork CutletLunch Special - Salmon & Pork CutletLunch Special - Grilled Salmon & Baked Tilapia Plum Tempura Ice Cream - Love this flavor! It's also crispy on the outside unlike other tempura ice creams that I've tried in the past. This is the best that I've tasted so far!GenmaichaMy fave is the grilled salmon and also the salad that comes with the lunch special. The dressing used was light and sweet.In general, their food is yummy! Serving is big...not sure if it's enough for guys though LOL. So many selections to choose from. I wasn't expecting that prices were reasonable because it looks kind of fancy on the inside. :)
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/1/2012,8/15/2012,311,551,19,21,18>I have to upgrade them to the perfect 5 stars due to my friend's blunt truth that Dorados Ceviche bar is as good as it gets. I was hesitant to score them perfection because it was my first time and I wasn't sure how consistent they were or if there's maybe another place that makes ceviche better. But who am I kidding. After returning with my boyfriend and friend, and yet another delicious OMG-ing meal, I gladly award them a perfect Yelp score. The ceviche is one of the best I've had at a restaurant. It's fresh and there are several options. The watermelon juice, which I finally got to try was thirst quenching. Much how I expected of it since my last sad attempt at trying some. I can't wait to come back, bringing another first timer friend this Sunday.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/21/2012,8/14/2012,1522,1094,42,33,35>Vietnamese Please, I could eat this forever! Actually, Many Mexican guys Love Vietnamese!!The Chili Sauces, Chili, Lime, Bean Sprouts, Green Onion, Mint Leaves and Coriander were the perfect compliments to the savory broth, generous portion of beef brisket and soft, consistent noodles.The coriander tasted like mint leaf, known to my fellow Mexicans as "Yerba Buena." The bean sprouts added the crunch and texture while the green onions are always welcome in my food.The place was not large but they appeared to have room for 40, the parking lot was ok, street parking too, not too crowded on a Sunday. Service was ok, bathroom was small, one at a time.Many times I took my chopsticks, scooped up the noodle, scooped some beef, sprout, onion, put into the soup spoon, pour some chili and soup sauce and was in pure ectasy.So there you have it, a whole Yelp review of Pho, without any "What the Pho" references. How could I possibly think or attempt to be witty, this Pho left me weak!!!!!Song Parody of SWV's 1993 hit song "Weak"youtube.com/watch?v=h6qi…I don't know what your Pho has done to meBut I feel it in such a tasty wayHowever you cook what you do, keep on doingIt's a flavor that I want to stayCause your steaming juices are so fineWith thoughts of eating you on my mindWhen I eat out you're the one I chooseAnd the flavor comes from youI get so weak at the knees, from the VietnameseI lose all control and something takes over me.In a daze, you are so amazingit's not a phase.I want you to stayBy my sideFlavor that can't hideYour Pho is a treatIt knocks me right off of my feet.I can't explain why you're good Pho makes me weak.Time after time, this passion I tried to fight itBut this Pho lures me, diet not holding onResistance is down, Vietnamese amazingIn my condition where my hunger has grownCause your steaming juices are so fineWith thoughts of eating you on my mindWhen I eat out you're the one I chooseAnd the flavor comes from youI get so weak at the knees, from the VietnameseI lose all control and something takes over me.In a daze, you are so amazingit's not a phase.I want to stayBy my sideFlavor that can't hideYour Pho is a treatIt knocks me right off of my feet.I can't explain why you're good Pho makes me weak.I try hard to fight it.No way can I deny it.Your Pho can't be beatIt makes me want to eatI get so weak at the knees, from the VietnameseI lose all control and something takes over me.In a daze, you are so amazingit's not a phase.I want to stayBy my sideFlavor that can't hideYour Pho is a treatIt knocks me right off of my feet.I can't explain why you're good Pho makes me weak.
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2012,8/13/2012,1700,729,20,19,17>It's tradition that if you're buying Filipino food for a party that you get the best dishes from where they make it the best. I haven't been to Neri's in years, but recently came to pick up food for my sister's baby shower. Being the only boy amongst my siblings, my chore has always been to pick up food at different restaurants when we're having a family party and when my family doesn't want to cook. I've been picking up food from Neri's since I was driving decades ago. This place brings brings back memories. I've never eaten at Neri's but we typically pick up catered dishes.Neri's is tucked in a plaza just north of Lafayette Park just west of beautiful McArthur Park. Not the best neighborhood in town. It's a trek to get there sometimes but they do serve some pretty good dishes. I bet if Neri's was closer, it would business would be so much better. They must be doing fine since they've been at the same location for years.They make the best chicken teriyaki, Filipino style that is. It's marinated, grilled with char marks, and mixed with a sweet, tangy teri sauce.  You can also ask for the teri sauce on the side. They also make good sisig. Honestly, I don't have much to compare to cause I haven't tried sig-sig at too many place. When catered, it's served hot, with crispy skin, chopped jalepenos, and mixed with a vinegar soy sauce combo.  If you like mochi type desserts, they make the best sapin-sapin. Made with rice flour and seved in layers of white, purple, and orange with toasted coconut. It's a bit sweet, but really good. A lot better than the well know, Alice's Sapin-Sapin.Service is always good at Neri's. They're friendly and always speak to me in Tagalog, which the "coconut" in me only understands half of what they say. I could say though that the food is masarap!
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2012,8/12/2012,2858,814,22,13,15>Oh hell yea, I love me some young dong. We all know what kind of thoughts are propelled by a statement like that. In all honesty and without further puns, I realy do love young dong. While the service isn't always on point (hence the -1), the food is always on point. While the ribs and tofu soup are excellent, I oddly come here for their pork cutlet, which is the absolutely scrumptious.  I'm not big on the banchan, but I enjoy some of 'em like the sprouts, onion cake, and the cucumber thing. More importantly, I walk out full as I pat my newly acquired pudgy belly from all the damn food.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2012,8/11/2012,403,296,15,15,15>Man, oh man. This place, y'all. Thiiiiis place.Lemme walk you through it.You'll get there. Neighborhood looks no so great. Parking lot is a mess. You find some street parking on a street that most likely doesn't have a curb and you make your way to the entrance. The exterior looks trashy as all get out. The characters out front don't help. Press on, loves. Press on.You go up to the front counter. The lobby is most likely packed. They tell you the wait will be 40 minutes. Just say okay. I'm gonna be real with you - it will probably be closer to 55 minutes. Don't give up yet. Wait. Just wait for it.You finally take a seat and are handed a menu - a paper, cheap-Chinese-food-take-out-looking menu. You think what the hell? All this for some crap food that is most likely going to be on par with Taco Bell? Keep calm and order on.Margaritas = STRONG, cheap, and pretty large. Go for 'em.Complimentary chips and some kind of bean salsa stuff = Hell yes. Be careful not to fill up on this yumminess. It's easy to do.There's also a salsa bar, if you please.Burritos = HUGE. I got the Fajita Burrito. Biggest burrito I've ever had in my life. Easily sharable. So, so good. Seasoned and cooked to absolutely perfection. Service was fantastic once we sat down. Everything came out quickly, and the entire wait staff seemed to be working together to make sure everyone was happy. You need to go here. Trust me. Fears aside, guys. It'll all be ridiculously worth it. Promise.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2012,8/10/2012,153,21,1,142,139>Other Diners dream of being on what Nickel Diner is. Somewhat hidden on Main Street, which is still awaiting the makeover some of the neighboring streets have already gone, this place is a staple of Downtown Los Angeles. No, not all of your friends back East will recognize the name as they may with The Pantry, but Nickel Diner is straight up legit. Always packed on the weekends, expect to find yourself surfing the web on your smart phone out front after you put your name in. The waitresses come off a little short tempered and up tight, but give them some patients and crack a joke or two, they will lighten up. The menu does a poor a job of describing how satisfying and delicious the food really is. With the kitchen right in front along with the dessert tray being passed around the restaurant like it's the Stanley Cup, your appetite will surely balloon as you await your order. Why I don't need a menu: The "5th and Main" (BBQ pulled Pork hash topped with 2 poached eggs) This dish is second to none when it comes to Diner food. It's perfect for breakfast and even better for the lunch that is hoping to kill your hangover. Big enough to share, but tasty enough to take a doggy bag, this dish is hands down top-shelf. The price is right, the atmosphere is nostalgic and the experience is like going to Disneyland, you simply have to do it before you die. After my last visit here, i'm pretty sure they are naming a sandwich after me. By now, i'm sure you all have read and seen their "Maple Bacon Glazed Doughnut". Obviously this is sweet slash salty perfected. I had the crazy, and high idea of splitting that puppy in half, stuffing it with the BBQ pulled pork and topping it with a fried egg.Born is the: Bob's Ham Attack. Ask for it, I dare you!
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2012,8/9/2012,188,49,2,18,16>Burke Williams is one of my all-time favorite "treat yo self" spas because every detail is perfect. They really think of everything - from the spa water to the plush robes to the hair and skincare products to the rosemary-infused cold wipes. Before and/or after your treatment, you can relax in the eucalyptus steam room, the jacuzzi or the cold mist room. Like Disneyland for adults. There are separate men's and women's areas, so you don't have to feel weird about running around naked or in a bathrobe with wet hair and no makeup. The products they use are also cruelty free - H2V is their signature line, and there are a few other brands that they use for facials and sell in the retail area.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2012,8/8/2012,507,712,21,24,23>~REVIEW 450~Mama's Lu Dumpling House is my favorite inexpensive Chinese restaurant in all of this great city we call Los Angeles!!!! Mama's Lu starts you off with complimentary tasty sweetened cucumbers. We always order the Juicy Crab and Pork dumplings, the Napa dumplings and the Beef Chow Mein or Chow Fun. The dumplings here are soooo good. The Pork and Crab dumplings have a just right subtle crab flavor and yet they do not skimp on the crab. Other places serve them with a more overpowering seafood flavor. I love the consistency of the dumpling wrapping soooo much. It feels great on the teeth. The Chow Mein/Lo Mein has an old school taste and look to it! Sometimes it can be too greasy but the flavor is always spot on! Everyone I have brought here has enjoyed the food very much and the people they brought have really enjoyed it too! I have also tried their wonton soup and it was just great.Service is great in terms of courteousness but poorly timed. It has been like this most times I have come. I hope they take note on this. The tea is really good here and they are good about refilling it. I have been to so many places where the tea is really diluted or poorly steeped that Mama's Lu has become a sort of shining example for me. Tea is a big thing to me. I don't just want to drink hot yellowish water with a taste reminiscent of tea. I want to enjoy it thoroughly and here I can do that!I like the look of this place.They have got a nice modern look going here. They have big screen TV's all over. FREE WIFI here!!!! It's definitely not a hole in the wall yet it has hole in the wall prices and flavor!Parking has never been an issue. I usually park on the street very nearby. I don't like parking in their lot since it is kind of cramped and I wouldn't recommend the underground parking lot.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2012,8/7/2012,2022,408,7,15,12>My first impression was, "My first time shooting, President's Day, outdoors, friends...I'm stoked!"Forget the indoor shooting ranges that are set in a confined industrial building. Instead drive up into the mountains to Angeles Shooting Range where you are surrounded by open space. Even though it was busy for President's Day, spaces were still plentiful. I think the entire experience was intimidating at first but extremely enjoyable because my well-experienced friend who introduced us already had the gear and was familiar with the entire thing. We were handed big guns, I mean, not the type I was expecting, but I was surprised to immediately adjust to the exciting feeling of shooting. I was surprised to see shooters of all ages from little kids to seniors. The lasting impression? "I don't know much about shooting, but one thing I do know is that it's a lot of fun to learn!"
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2012,8/6/2012,2310,316,10,16,15>***** Sotto's MOP (Meal In One Pic)*********yelp.com/biz_photos/4wCM…*************************************************Probably 3 and 3/4Sotto serves tasty southern italian food, pours great cocktails, and has a Wood Fired oven from which the pizzas come piping hot!Sotto is located right under Picca (see yelp.com/user_details_re…)The decor is modern rustic with wooden tables, great light bulbs, and an open kitchen show casing a beautiful refractory brick wood fired oven. Out of the oven comes breads and pizzas nicely burnt on the outside.The simple dishes (pasta and pizza) are crafted with love in the kitchen. Sotto feels like a nice neighborhoods hang-out venue where people will be attracted to come over and over to enjoy and share the incredible taste given by the oven with friends and family (kids are more than welcomed)The bartenders are skilled mixologists, and can create well balanced cocktails.yelp.com/biz_photos/4wCM…We triedCasarecceyelp.com/biz_photos/4wCM…This pasta dish is made with braised Lamb ragu, egg and pecorino  (sheep cheese). on pasta. The flavors are perfect. The egg is mixed with the cheese giving the dish an extreme creaminess. The lamb ragu is full of flavors, and the seasoning was perfect. Pasta at Sotto are served like in Italy ( small appetizers/ side dishes). The portions are small and compare to other great italian Ombra ( yelp.com/user_details_re…)customers may think that the pasta are priced about $5 too high.Guanciale Pizzayelp.com/biz_photos/4wCM…This pizza is topped with house cured pork cheek, scallions, ricotta, and fennel pollen. No tomato sauce. Do not ask for a side of tomato sauce the kitchen declines politely any substitutions or modifications. The seasoning on this pizza is crucial as ricotta is such a blend cheese and will give only texture. About 2/3 of this pizza was seasoned right. The rest was blend and flavorless. More cured pork cheek would have also made the pizza better in particular when it is the first item on the description. The wood fired oven made the crust delicious with nice wood burnt marks all around. It is a nice pizza to share.Chocolate hazelnut bittersweet pie with caramelyelp.com/biz_photos/4wCM…Delicious chocolate dessert. It is a nice size slice. The chocolate is rich and thick. It is a perfect desert to share and end the meal on a great note.The food at Sotto is great. The pastas are fresh and original, the wood fired oven gives birth to great pizza, and the cocktails are mood enlighteners.
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2012,8/5/2012,863,938,13,24,20>Come here for fancy, unique cocktails and tasty bar bites.It's been over 3 years since my first visit to Drago Centro. Although they serve a decent Italian meal, notably using fresh, homemade pasta noodles, Drago Centro for me has been the place for some of the best cocktails in downtown.I don't care if it's $12 a pop. They are worth it. These cocktails are made with high quality ingredients and are beautifully presented. A memorable favorite from last year was the Smokehouse made with Laphroaig scotch, fresh apple, and a stick of candied bacon. Who doesn't like bacon? Plus the apple flavors paired with scotch created a nice balance to the drink. It had a strong punch at every sip.New this spring, I've been impressed with Stepchild, made with Black Grouse Blended Scotch, cardamaro, kumquat cordial, and orange juice, and Yellow Jacket Fever, made with Nolet's silver dry gin, yellow chartreuse, chamomile infused honey, and black peppercorns. A nice chunk of honeycomb on a stick was used as a garnish. The honey slowly dripped down and infused the cocktail. Both are a must-try.From the bar menu, my favorite food item is the il tagliere di affettati con gnocco fritto ($6), a plate of charcuterie with square-shaped fried bread dough. The gnocco fritto are irresistible, crispy on the outside, and soft and chewy on the inside. I've yet to find these made elsewhere. It's like the Italian version of a malasada.But in the end, it's all about the cocktails at Drago Centro. 5 stars.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,8/4/2012,971,448,45,43,44>[Ed. Note: This review pertains to the delivery aspect of Crispy Crust and not the sit-down experience. Consider yourself disclaimed.]Y'ever have one of those nights where you have nothing in the 'fridge but can't be bothered to forage for food in public because your bangs are all stringy--even though you washed your hair, like, yesterday--and you refuse to be seen looking like a monster? Do you not want to have to talk to some middleman-or-woman who will probably get your outgoing order wrong, even though you yelled it at your phone twice?Do you like pizza and have a basic understanding of  the internet?If so, in the immortal words of one Elisabeth G.*, "you oughtta get some Crispy Crust up in this bitch!" No, it's not the best pizza I've ever had, but Crispy Crust is definitely in the seventy fifth percentile, offering an impressive array of toppings, crusts, sauces, and many other things--fried eggs, chili, something called butter sauce--that do not necessarily sound as though they belong on a pizza. Unless, of course, you are Australian.  More important than this, however, is that, when ordering online, you design your pizza click by click, selecting whatever you'd like to crown it (including a ha'pizza option), over whatever sauce you want, on top of the crust of your choice, until you are satisfied with the virtual representation of your pizza. From here, it's just a couple clicks and less time than you'd imagine until the pizza** is in your life. Delivery is a reasonable $1.50 (thanks for the update, Lamb C.!) and very fast, prices are reasonable, the sides appear to be standard fare, and the delivery man didn't recoil upon sighting my stringy bangs. Four stars! *names have been changed to protect the identities of certain pizza enthusiasts**Our white sauce, feta, and jalapeño combination tasted surprisingly like a jalapeño popper; I recommended it if you like nice things.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2012,8/3/2012,484,473,14,20,16>Never judge a restaurant by its building aesthetics. Sonora is the kind of Mexican restaurant which gives you that home cooked feeling. You know, the kind that makes you feel like your are visiting your mom, grandmother, or godmother.The moment we walked in, my wife and I were greeted with smiles and friendly service. They started us off with the the fundamentals of Mexican food, the chips and salsa. My wife enjoyed the salsa because it had the perfect kick of heat, not to hot or too mild.Next was the drinks, I ordered the horchata and my wife had the agua de tamarindo. Both drinks were perfect, not overly sweet like other places make them. For breakfast I order the huevos Mexicano and my wife had the huevos rancheros, oh so good. We also tried the dollar tacos, they are small but delicious. I typically do not eat as much as I did that day, but the food is that good. I couldn't let any go to waste.  The best part was the freshly made flour tortillas. They are just like my grandmother use to make. Sonora is my new place to buy fresh tortillas that is 2 minutes away from home. The City of Chino has plenty of Mexican restaurant options but Sonora is the one that has climbed to the top of my preference list.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2012,8/2/2012,456,372,44,42,45>Ladies and gentlemen, get ready for the smooth soul sound of Bobby Blue Bland after a night of eating at Hambone's BBQ ...cue the guitar, B.B.Hambone love in the heart of the cityHambone love in the heart of the townHambone love with my guy committeeHambone love, we were grubbin' downTri-tip beefOh, I was eatin' goodThe tenderest juiciest beefIn all this neighborhoodYour smoky sausagewith BBQ sauce shinesA little heat that lingeredOh, so fiery finesThat's why I saidHambone love in the heart of the cityHambone love in the heart of the townHambone love with my guy committeeHambone love, we were grubbin' downYour baby back pork ribsOn the bone had so much meatSoaking in your sauceJust can't be beatCollard greens real gentleMac 'n cheese packed punchBBQ baked beansLoved them a bunchThat's what I saidHambone love in the heart of the cityHambone love in the heart of the townHambone love with my guy committeeHambone love, we were grubbin' down
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2012,8/1/2012,700,318,26,28,26>I just thought I'd share the amazing-ness that Sushi Go 55 always brings to the table.  If not random kobe beef dishes, sushi chef's choice, while we sit at the bar...we also see these daily specials that change. One night my friend & I walked in and I ordered uni sushi.  I was stopped in my tracks when they exclaimed, "Uni sushi?  We have LIVE uni today!  It's better!"So of course I had to order it from Yama-san...it was bigger than his head!yelp.com/biz_photos/i2A5…And then once he cracked it open, it was a whole different drooling that was going on between me & my once BFF.  I call her "once" because she insisted that we share this heavenly fresh uni goodness. yelp.com/biz_photos/i2A5…I still go back to Sushi Go 55 hoping to see that once in awhile special but missed it the last time.  And yes, I still talk to my "once" BFF as she is one of my bridesmaids...I guess I have to keep talking to her.  *sigh*  Did I really have to share that uni?  *sad face*
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/6/2012,7/31/2012,1135,618,22,30,26>***The Park's Finest BBQ's 100th Review***Come hungry...leave happy!The Park's Finest BBQ is a family owned and operated business, offering traditional American-style BBQ cuts of meat with more than just a dash of Filipino influence. Yes, more than a dash...but rather the inspiration is fundamental.For over a year, this peculiar restaurant taunted me. It was very difficult not recognizing The Park's Finest BBQ and their near perfect yelp rating...let alone long being listed as #1 "Best of yelp Restaurants" on the LA landing page!Reading a few reviews made me quite agitated. "What the heck, man?" Why does this place keep popping up right in front of my face? I can't even try them because they only cater! That bites!"After nearly a year of successfully avoiding The Park's Finest BBQ's yelp page, I decided it was time to read more current reviews. "Wait a minute! Are you kidding? They have a physical restaurant now? I'm so there!"I practically dragging my buddy Mathew M here on a Friday evening. We arrived 1.5 hours before closing and were able to score a parking spot across the street.There's something real special about this place...a certain charm that is incredibly inviting. This welcoming attitude resonates from their warmhearted, accommodating staff.One thing you will quickly appreciate is their simplistic menu and very sensible prices. I would have expected a premium price point for this specialty fusion barbecue. yelp.com/biz_photos/eNPa…Every item on the menu was drool-worthy but two famished blokes couldn't possibly order more than three different meats and expect to finish everything, so we sought the professional assistance of the waitstaff. We settled upon Tri-Tip, Mount Malindang Pork Ribs & Riblets, Mama Leah's Coconut Beef, Ligaya Veggie Medley, Ann's Cornbread Bibingka, and Steamed Rice.A very helpful hint: Don't feel bad if you just order water. Their Cucumber Lime infused water is rather sublime...and refreshing!Tri-Tip ($10): 3/5yelp.com/biz_photos/eNPa…This potentially could have been better had we dined earlier. Sadly, each slice was dry but to remedy this, simply saturate the tri-tip with a healthy serving of The Park's Finest Backyard Boogie BBQ Sauce! That stuff is like liquified crack!Mount Malindang Pork Ribs & Riblets ($10): 4/5yelp.com/biz_photos/eNPa…yelp.com/biz_photos/eNPa…Very tender and smokey, yet the smokiness did not overpower the delicious spicy sweet rub.Mama Leah's Coconut Beef ($12): 5/5yelp.com/biz_photos/eNPa…Words simply cannot define just how marvelous this dish is. You'll have to try it yourself to understand. You won't be disappointed!Ligaya Veggie Medley ($4): 3.5/5yelp.com/biz_photos/eNPa…Totally not what I expected. Hothouse Cucumber and Summer Squash were the primary veggies used. I didn't care much for the soggy crunch of the hothouse cucumbers.Ann's Cornbread Bibingka ($3): 4.5/5yelp.com/biz_photos/eNPa…"Mmm, now that's good Bibingka!" I had never heard of such a thing prior to watching Deuce Bigalow: Male Gigolo. Seriously! I actually prefer Ann's Cornbread Bibingka to traditional cornbread as it was not overly sweet nor too rich, yet had a pleasurable coconut essence. Very moist and dense.Steamed Rice ($2): 2/5Hmm, this was a bit of a letdown. Our rice was actually medium firm and not fluffy.Suffice it to say, The Park's Finest BBQ is not a place you only visit one time. Once you've tried them, most assuredly you'll be a customer for life.
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2012,7/30/2012,626,283,22,22,18>Although coming to Gold Fellow was a truly traumatic experience for me, I still recognize how professional the staff are here and if I had any gold jewelry (contrary to past assumptions), I would only sell to this lovely treasure-boneyard. You see, I tried to sell my high school ring which I THOUGHT was 10 karat white gold. I was expecting to get about 60-80 bucks for it. But the young man behind the counter informs me that my high school ring is not gold. God damn it!Thankfully, he was really nice about the entire situation and totally understood when I started to freak out. He even ran his gold tests again to show me that he didn't make a mistake. I appreciate that.I was a wreck. I was so mad (and still am!) at the stupid companies that sell graduation memorabilia to poor little high schoolers. Don't trust 'em! Buy your gold at an actual jewelry store to avoid the trauma! Luckily, it was nothing a little afternoon delight and a giant chorizo burrito couldn't fix. Still kinda mad though. Damn!
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2012,7/29/2012,638,255,28,28,27>What an ingenious idea, parking taco trucks at car washes after hours! The only negative is that you have to wait until the car washes actually close before you can open for business. In other words dinner is not available until after 7 PM and for me that is a little too late. Regardless, I love both El Flamin' taco trucks. You see there are two trucks. One is located at the Vermont Car Wash on the southwest corner of South Vermont Avenue and 5th Street and the other truck is situated at the Sunset Autospa Car Wash on the southeast corner of Alvarado Street and Sunset Boulevard. For my review, I decided to review the latter truck because this is where the "jefe" or Marco (owner of both trucks) works at and because it has fewer reviews. While parking at this location is a bitch compared to the Vermont Car Wash, I like coming here because they set up their al pastor spit faster than the Vermont truck. As in all work places, when the owner is there, employees tend to work a little bit faster and harder. This is definitely a working hard establishment and not a hardly working one. The only thing I eat at El Flamin' is the al pastor taco because it is so damn good. I've tried the carne asada, the lengua, the cabeza, and the suadero, but they all pale in comparison to the al pastor. Also, here's a quick tip - if you order just the al pastor tacos, you don't have to wait as long because you take your ticket straight to the al pastor guy. So what makes these al pastor tacos so fucking good? Aside from the handmade tortillas, the pork is marinated well and has just enough fat so that it crisps up as it cooks on the spit without being overly fatty. Moreover, they cook pineapple atop the spit and each taco gets a sliver of pineapple creating a salty-sweet combination that is so riquísimo! Wash all that savory goodness down with a pineapple Jarritos and the end result will be a party in your mouth. While their salsa bar is impressive, aside from a squeeze of lime, you really do not need to add anything else to these tacos. In the beginning, like a stupid ass noOb, I went crazy with the salsas and condiments. But you see, after subsequent visits I realized, why the fuck am I ruining a taco that is already perfect? Don't make the same mistake I did by turning your already perfect al pastor taco into Heidi Montag. So at the end of the day, if you are craving al pastor tacos ($1.35) and happen to be hungry between the hours of 7 PM to 3 AM Tuesday through Thursday and 7 PM to 4 AM Friday through Sunday, I highly recommend El Flamin' Taco. They're closed on Mondays by the way. Oh yea, don't forget to bring cash, hand sanitizer, and a jacket if you come with a date.* Speaking of flamin', the pico de gallo looking salsa should be called hidden dragon salsa because the spiciness creeps up on you. Montezuma's revenge anyone?* If you've never had al pastor on a spit before and are too lazy to click on my picture link, imagine shawarma, but with Porky Pig! Speaking of shawarma, Avengers fucking rocked. Picture of spit: yelp.com/biz_photos/bUTC…* Just a side note: I never eat burritos because eating "little donkeys" just isn't authentic. Then again, the Sunset truck caters to hipsters because they have all sorts of shit like a pastrami burrito and something called the gringa. WTF? Seriously, stick to the al pastor.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2012,7/28/2012,964,598,24,28,28>We came by tonight for dinner & there was a wait for tables, but no wait for the sushi bar!!!  WOOO!Thanks to Yelp, as it saved the night!  We were originally going to go somewhere else, but they were closed.  So I rocked out my trusty Yelp app and searched for sushi.  Crazy Rock'N Sushi came up with the best results, so we decided to come by since it was close to where we were.Sitting at the sushi bar has its advantages, you get a show watching the sushi chefs do their magic.  And fast they are!!!  Light slight of hand magicians.Since I just looked at the summary of the reviews, with 4.5 stars and 87 reviews, I didn't check to see what people commented.  We just went with what we craved.  I have been crushing on yellowtail lately so we ordered that & it was DELISH!!  So fresh!!  One of my other faves was the big scallop!!  OMG!!!  A couple of MMMMMM's came out.  It was so smooth and soft.  I think it's a new fave!  I've always loved scallops seared, but not so much raw because I didn't like the small scallops, but the big scallops are another story...  LOVED IT!!!  Must get for sure!I was really surprised with the prices, they have happy hour all day, so it was 50% off on the nigiri & house (simple) rolls.  It was quite a bargain!  Everything we had was pretty fresh & the service was good.Also, I loved the music overhead!!  90s music!  Wow, I feel old...  :P  Loved the atmosphere!Parking is pretty easy to find as they are located in a small strip mall with plenty of parking.I would definitely come back!!  :D
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2012,7/26/2012,1076,572,13,25,20>The person who visualized this production is genius.  Everything was captivating.  Usually when the visuals are so pleasing, I question if it takes away from the story.  But in this case, it definitely made the production better.The story itself isn't too multi-dimensional; it doesn't have as much subtleties, character development, and motifs as other plays.  However, this production definitely came to life and it was magnificently produced--I left in awe and felt it had a lot of heart.After seeing it in this play, I don't want to see it in any other form.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2012,7/25/2012,802,369,18,37,30>Where are the slot machines?Kidding aside.Buffets are typically not my first pick when going out with friends especially on a date night but I have to say this place passed with flying colors on my first ever visit. Thanks to my Sister for the opportunity to review this place :)The place is nice and clean, it is huge and the food..Tasty! (most of it)The decor is chic, far from simple, almost like a semi-fine dinning restaurant only with screaming kids and a slough of people balancing a plate with a pile which one might consider as a miniaturized mount everest *grin*.The seating is comfortable although can be a bit of a crowd esp. when you are sitting behind a sumo wrestler*grin* They should space the tables with enough room for people to wiggle away if they want to grab a second helping and not feel trapped like a poor little kid wanting more ice cream but cannot get another because he is trapped in the middle of a long table surrounded by a group of green giants.Going back to the food. I enjoyed their oysters a lot. It was prepared with just the right amount of sauce and a slice of jalapeño on top for that extra one two punch...hiya! The curried chow-mein didn't fly all too well with me as the over powering curry drowned the other ingredients to oblivion, it has the potential to be a great dish with a little bit of tweaking (meaning to get those trigger happy fingers off that curry shaker) The meat section is good, they have prime rib, and other grilled meats served gaucho style. The soft-shell crabs & salted spicy shrimp are nice but too tedious and messy to eat but it was delish to say the least.The soup selection is good, I opted for the hot & sour which I truly enjoyed. There's a special order section close to the end of the food line-order ala Mongolian style!Craving sushi rolls? They have it too! I honestly cannot give an opinion about it as I did not taste it as I am busy peeling and messing around with my crabs..the soft-shell crabs that is *grin*For the dessert, I had their version on the Creme brûlée, A mocha mousse cake square and the Tiramisu square. The brûlée is meh, still little gooey in the center, a little bit more time in the broiler and it could have been perfection! The Mocha Mousse cake & Tiramisu was surprisingly a delight!The fruit and veggie section is over flowing like there was a sale at the farmers market! I have to say, their watermelons are nice and sweet as well as the pineapple. What a healthy option!...hold on, I'm not done...Chocolate fountain anyone? And so you thought the fruit and veggies are a healthy option? Nope...this Niagara Falls of melted chocolate just entice and invites you to bathe those strawberries and pineapples in that silky delicious goo...Yum!Enjoy!
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/26/2012,7/24/2012,354,182,21,27,23>I haven't been to many tea houses, in fact, this is my first real experience in one.  I'm Asian and I don't like tea or boba, shocker huh? But, I have to give it to JJ Tea House, their menu is pretty tasty AND it looks just like their pictures!!  Awesome employees Robert and David definitely made my visit one to remember, just all the great food and drinks and their persistence to make their customers happy was right on (I complained there was no toilet paper and they refilled it right away LOL).This is what I had:Mango Slushie - had a much fresher and delightful mango flavor, not powdery tasting, and wasn't super sugary. This I liked.Tater Tots - was probably out of a freezer bag, but it tasted great with their BBQ seasoning, it's like Lay's BBQ Chips but tater form (highly addictive, dip it in ketchup w/ sriracha).Turkey Pesto Sandwich - was very fresh and tasty and it was loaded with fresh veggies.Chipotle Roast Beef Sandwich - was a bit salty for me, and you could barely taste the chipotle, but it's still a good hearty sandwich.Popcorn Chicken - definitely the best popcorn chicken ever! There's no basil, which I thought was super awesome and it's nicely spiced, I also liked how you can actually see the chicken, WOOHOO! Spam Masubi - super simple, but also a big hit. They fried the spam in tempura batter so it added a bit of crunch and topped it with a teriyaki-like sauce and rolled it in crunchy nori (definitely a plus it wasn't soggy).  Brick Toast Dessert - to end it all.  This was my first time with brick toast, and it wasn't bad at all. The portion was huge and could feed 4 tummies and more. It came with 2 huge scoops of ice cream with chocolate drizzle sandwiched between 2 thick slices of bread that was toasted with powdered sugar on top. Quite brilliant how the ice cream went with the toast.  I wouldn't order this by myself that's for sure.Overall, I'd come back with a group of friends to chill and eat tater tots! It's a really nice place on South San Gabriel Blvd. and not at all sketchy.  They also play some awesome 90s music, gotta love that too! So check it out and play some Jenga while you wait! 4 stars for now, maybe I'll boost it to 5 in the near future.  Happy times!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2012,7/23/2012,414,207,37,39,37>I'm sure the staff hears this uttered all the time when they bring the single-platted burger to the table:  "Boy that's tiny!"  And, that's NOT what she said!  ;P  This was our first time to Umami, so wasn't sure what to expect, but for the price of $11 bucks for just a burger, the size of the tiny 6oz burger just floors people not used to such a minimalist presentation.  But that's trendy right?  So Umami Burger had quite a hill to climb to impress me after a rough start.  This Hollywood/Los Feliz location was pretty trendy inside as well - I mean, when you see a neon CHOW FUN sign, Japanese Hiragana, and skateboards (yelp.com/biz_photos/MM3k…) - hey we must be in Hollywood!  The clientele and wait staff were playing their parts as well; in their skinny jeans, plaid shirts, T-shirts, little black vests, and messed up hair."Umami" is better known as the 5th basic primary taste that a human can experience on one's tongue:  Sweet, Sour, Salty, Bitter, and Savory (Umami).  And, I have to admit - I experienced all 5 tastes in my mouth in one sitting:Sour - after seeing that tiny burger...Bitter - after knowing how much that tiny burger was...Salty - after seeing; knowing the price; and taking a big gulp of my Allagash Black...Umami - taking that first bite of the Umami burger and shaking my head - "Man, that's good..."Sweet - flagging the waitress down and saying "Um, I want to order another Umami Burger..."I didn't go for the Kombu combinations since I wasn't a fan of the brew pairings. Except for the Kombu's, everything is served À la carte(yelp.com/biz_photos/MM3k…) and our first order was:- Umami Burger ($11) - their namesake was topped with caramelized onions, a small roasted tomato slice, a parmesan crisp, and sautéed shiitake mushrooms.  The burger will last about 10 normal bites.  No denying this was the tastiest - or should I say most "savory" of all the burgers we had, I did experience the soggy bun that others have complained about if it sits for a bit, but the juiciness was something I liked.- Greek Burger ($13) - a lamb patty, which had a minimal amout of pickled shallots, feta cheese, sliced cucumber, and minted edamame hummus.  The lamb was not over-powering in gaminess, so I liked it as well, but for the price, stick with the Umami.- Specialty Burger:  Spicy Bird ($11) - a Shelton Farm's Turkey patty with beer cheddar, Diablo sauce, hatch chilies, onion straws, and a house spread.  Yes, this was very "Thai" spicy, but my least favorite since it just overpowered the taste of the rest of the burger.- Specialty Burger:  Thai Shrimp ($12) - garlic shrimp, fresh ginger, jalapeños, cilantro, green onions and peanut sauce.  This was a bit hit with the group and our 2nd favorite burger of the night.- Tempura Onion Rings ($3) (yelp.com/biz_photos/MM3k…) - these were excellent!  So light and crisp - just like Tempura should be, and for $3, actually a pretty good deal.- Sweet 'tater fries ($4) - nothing too special about these as they compare to the typical thin cut sweet potato fry found in every other burger joint these days.  But went great with the Umami Ketchup.- Allagash Black ($7) - I like my dark stouts and this was recommended by our waitress.  With hardly any aftertaste, It was a great pairing with the Umami burger selections.- Franziskaner HefeWeiss ($6) - which is another great unfiltered medium bodied beer that matches well with any burger as well.- Umami Ketchup - whatever's in it?  I was quite a fan of it.The second order (And yes, we needed it) was another Umami Burger, Tempura Onion Rings, and an LA Creamery Cookies 'n Cream ice cream sandwich.  Which helped to satisfy a party of four's remaining hunger.   I do regret not trying the Miso Chili Cheese Fries, but we were just reeling on what our overall bill total would be.  Even though the price of the Umami burger matches other Gourmet Burgers out there, I wouldn't consider this a "Gourmet deal" because the other places include one side.  But, considering this has opened up a whole new can of worms with identifying tastes - I have to fan them.  Our total bill came out to $94 bucks for a handful of burgers.  For Umami, I guess you pay to be trendy?!
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2012,7/22/2012,4339,292,26,36,31>Over the top flower arrangements, rose petals litter the aisle, guys dress to the nines in fancy suits and shinny shoes, women in beautiful, extravagant dresses, hair done exquisitely, manicured fingernails clutching a pack of tissues on standby, smiling faces, vibrant energy.....that's right, it's a wedding.  But this time, it's not just any wedding, it's MY WEDDING!  February 19, 2012, a date that I will always (have to) remember!  :)Okay, lets get to the good stuff.  Why the City Club?1. It's a private club but they do rent it out to non-members for weddings.  When you rent the City Club for your wedding the whole 54th floor is yours.  You can have the ceremony in the "Point Room", the cocktail hour in the Lounge Bar, and the reception in the Grand Ballroom which makes it easy for your guests.  They can also set up a midnight snack in another room if you're partying til 2AM.  THIS is highly recommended to soak up the alcohol after a whole night of taking advantage of the open bar!  2. The BEST VIEW of downtown LA.  From the sun setting during the ceremony to the bright city lights at the reception, its just absolutely breathtaking.3. No need to decorate or spend money on up lighting.  The city lights are all you'll need for decorations.  Also because of the floor to ceiling glass windows in the Ballroom you don't really need to have spot lighting on the flowers on tables or a huge flower arrangements.  You really save a lot on decorations, flowers, and lighting which you can use at other areas like chiavari chairs or a candy station.  4. They have a fairly new chef and he is going above and beyond his duties so the food is ridiculously AMAZING!  I've been to plenty of weddings and usually the food is just okay.  Not at the City Club.  The food really is FANTASTIC; even the vegetarian option (some gnocchi medley).  It was so good that we had to get a vegetarian plate at our table.  The ribeye was nice and juicy and perfectly cooked (maybe because our wedding wasn't that big so it was easier) and the salmon had a nice sweet glaze on it.  One of the best salmon to ever tickle my palate!  I would've asked for seconds if I had more time to eat but luckily my wife doesn't eat that fast so I ate her food.  Hey, now that we're married what's hers is mine, right?  haha  5. Validated parking for $8, very cheap for downtown LA6. Ernest, the Private Events Director, is simply wonderful and easy to work with.  The staff is also some of the most professional and friendly bunch you will ever encounter.  AND that my friends is WHY you should go with the City Club!Oh, and fyi, I heard that they started letting non-members dine there on the weekends.  My wife and I will definitely check that out...maybe on our 1 month anniversary!
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/7/2012,7/21/2012,2234,455,34,38,35>What can Magic Johnson do for you?General parking reduced down  to $10 after Magic Johnson took over. Was there controversy for where the parking money really goes to? Let's not talk about that.Dodger fans can get insanely rowdy, but we still want to root for our beloved LA Dodgers (#1 in the national league west, that's right!)*How to avoid a crappy Dodger experience*1. Do not buy any seats under $40. Yes, the $10 tickets might lure you in, but is it worth sitting shoulder-to-shoulder with drunkards and rowdy Dodger fans? Never.2. Try to get a seat behind 3rd or 1st base. If you have seats in the outfield, try to avoid the extreme right & left fields. 3. Know a season pass holder? Try to get a pass into the Stadium Club (yelp.com/biz/dodgers-sta…)Full bar, buffet (pricey but pretty decent), nice view of the stadium. If you can't get hold of a pass, the club is open to the public before the game. 4.  Splurge the extra fee for jalapeños with your Dodger dog, makes a world of difference.Tis the season for some ballz, base ballz
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2012,7/20/2012,663,707,13,21,18>What's with all the colored animal restaurants of late?Black Hogg was good, although I really only loved one dish (see below). Also, there were some issues with timing, which resulted in 5 dishes coming out right after another and overcrowding our little table, but they noticed 2/3 of the way through and adjusted the pace after that. Still a solid 4 stars overall though.MUST ORDER:Popcorn bacon! This was hands down my favorite of the night. At first, purely from the name, I was expecting popcorn with pieces of bacon, but as it turns out, it's more akin to popcorn chicken except with smoked pork belly instead of chicken. The batter isn't too thick so the tender, fatty pork belly really shines. Not to mention the maple crema dip that takes it to the next level.PRETTY GOOD:Oysters with spicy pickle juice: These were delish but I couldn't really taste the pickle juice, or the spiciness for that matter.Pork Belly Tacos: They do pork belly really well here.Bone Marrow: Good but I would have preferred bread instead of the tortillas. Still worth trying if you're a bone marrow fan.Buttery Lamb Burger with Fries: The burger was tender and juicy, but I thought the blue cheese was overwhelming, especially on top of lamb. Chai Spiced Churros: Good, not too sweet. I wish the chai flavor came through a little more though. MEH:Uni ToastSpicy Chicken Liver Toast
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2012,7/19/2012,3694,383,24,19,25>It's wrong when I can finish a single $30 bowl of Magnolia's Famous Banana Pudding to myself, just so wrong!  There are layers of vanilla wafers, fresh bananas and creamy vanilla pudding. If you're a banana type of person like myself, then go ahead and indulge here, just stick with a 12 or 16 ounce size.HOLLA!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2012,7/18/2012,385,356,15,21,24>There is something to say when it comes to Korean BBQ, AYCE is not always best. Forfeiting quality for quantity pays a price in taste and ambiance. Genwa is quality exemplified in taste and ambiance.Upon walking in, an upscale decor catches the eye. Lacquer wood finish and a zen like atmosphere surrounds the restaurant. Beautiful arrangements of food is made with the scrutinized eyes of the chefs. So many little dishes arrive filled with banchan (side dishes) that it leaves almost no room for your main dish. With the option of cooking your meat or ordering it cooked depends on the amount of time you have. They offer a wide variety of soups and kimchee fried rice that crusts the bottom of the bowl as you continue to eat.It is a bit on the pricey side, but remember you are paying for quality. Genwa is deserving of a visit or two, perhaps more. Welcome to the other side of KBBQ, quality.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2012,7/17/2012,718,358,24,30,29>Saturday Night Review10pm-No line,11pm-Line-----Good thing the door man remembered me from earlier and let me skip right into the place, yay! It pays to be a girl sometimes, right ladies?!  The location is a little hard to find if you've never been there; it's on 6th street, just east of Main on the south side. Make sense??? *laughs* Just look for the depressed stairways!Be warn, this place is daaark! I couldn't even see anything when I first stepped in. It took me about a good 5 minutes before my eyes adjusted.  The place was packed with a diverse crowds and electro music popping in the background. The place is small, but it has plenty of seating for ladies with weary feet. They have a long bar with about 3-4 bartenders working that night....Matthew was my bartender for the night and he made my drinks quite stiff in a good way! Although he picked on me, I really liked him cause he reminded me of an old crush that did the same thing. Plus, he made my drinks extra delicious!Tonight, I tried the Pisco Sour (Pisco, lime juice, simple syrup, & 1 egg white with a dash of bitter.) and the Indian Summer. Both were delicious! I love any drinks with egg white as part of the ingredients because it gives an extra frothiness. Get it if you're a fan like me! If you want something refreshing that's similar to your favorite liquor with soda, get the Indian Summer! It was light and tasty with a hint of grapefruit in it. The only downfall is that the Indian Summer is so easy to drink that it'll go as fast as your water, except you'll be super buzz!Can't wait to come back for their Happy Hour! (Mon-Fri 5pm-10pm with their specialty drinks for $5)
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2012,7/16/2012,2495,2210,15,25,21>Galbi jjim is one of those dishes that always tastes best out of your mother's kitchen.  My mom's is one of my favorite meals in the world, braised to peerless succulence in an umami-soaked marinade, served with chestnuts and shiitake mushrooms and my favorite, big pucks of radish softened and flavored with beef.  She could charge $30 a serving in any restaurant and people would be grateful to pay it.Since I get the best at home, I'm rarely smitten with galbi jjim at restaurants - I even find that short rib dishes lack tenderness and flavor in general.  There are a couple exceptions.  One is the galbi jjim at Soban, especially the spicy, which is suitably different from my mom's.  The other is the delicious version available at Seongbukdong.This place is fairly new to my Korean restaurant rotation, but after a couple visits, I look forward to many more.  The space is small and very casual, with little decor aside from printed accolades on the wall.  It gets busy, and both times I've gone I've spent a little time in the waiting area.  The waiting area, incidentally, is the sidewalk outside, which is equipped with a single table with a wait list and a menu.  The protocol is unusual but not hard to follow - you put your name down, then look at a menu, and a waitress comes to take your order while you wait.  This is roughly representative of the service.  It isn't impolite, but it's efficient above all else.  Occasionally you have to flag someone down to ask for what you want, but for the most part you won't be waiting. Banchan is refilled without a word.The banchan is a decent spread, a typical assortment of bean sprouts, sweet soy beans, kimchi, and the like.  The standout banchan is clearly the block of steamed egg.  It's delicious, with a soft tofu texture.  The kimchi is also good here, fresh tasting but not too sharp.  You get a choice of white or multigrain rice.  I like the multigrain.  It's cooked right.The menu is small and easy to follow.  The thing to get is definitely the galbi jjim.  It's the house dish, and it's the best restaurant galbi jjim I've ever had.  The braised short rib comes in a deep bowl, and a waitress cuts the meat up with scissors tableside.  The beef is beautifully tender, with a sweet and salty flavor that reminds me of jangjorim.  It's a dry galbi jjim, in that it isn't soupy, but the meat itself is full of moisture.  This sets it apart from my mother's, which comes with a lot of delicious sauce, and I do like it both ways.The galbi jjim portion is big and it's a good dish to share.  The rest of the menu is worth exploring, so the best way to do Seongbukdong (as is true of most restaurants, in my opinion) is family style.  I would recommend the godeungeo jorim, or braised mackerel.  The meaty fish holds up well in a long spicy braise, and it comes with that fall-apart radish that I love so much.  The godeungeo gui, or grilled mackerel, is the same fish in a simpler presentation.  The fish is great, if not quite as oily as I like my mackerel.  It has a strong mackerel flavor, and it's very salty.  I like it with a squeeze of lemon and a spoonful of rice.  You can get the grilled fish with a daenjang jjigae for pretty cheap, and I fully approve of Seongbukdong's daenjang jjigae.  It's a light-colored daenjang jjigae, but it's loaded with fermented soybean flavor.  It also comes with clams and squid and enoki mushrooms, making it a more bountiful version of the classic soup.Now that I've finally tried this place, I plan to come back whenever I can.  It's one of the only restaurants that tempts me to pay for galbi jjim.  Though my mother's is still supreme, I'll bet Seongbukdong can give almost anyone else's mother a run for her money.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/26/2012,7/15/2012,883,542,10,11,10>When you think of grabbing something quick, you don't think of Korean barbecue.  But that's what we did on that fateful drive leading to the WORST WEEKEND OF MY LIFE on our way to Coachella weeks ago.  And this ended up being the best part of the whole damn weekend.  So here goes.They have several levels of all you can eat, depending on what kinds of meat you want, something like $10, $14, $17, etc.  We got the $17 one I think and it was excellent.  So much variety and the quality was decent.  The service was efficient and no nonsense as expected.  Each order was gigantic and we were definitely struggling towards the end.  Of course, expect to come out smelling like you fell into a marinated grill.  But honestly, it's sort of worth it.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2012,7/14/2012,677,2172,14,13,12>Their Fat Badger Sandwich is sooo good!!:) HUGE HUGE sandwich with 3 pieces of locally baked bread.It's a "secret" sandwich...they don't tell you what's in it. BUT.. this is what we think the ingredients are: Bread is asiago style with the cheese lightly spread out on the breads. Between the first half -- cheddar, turkey?, roast beef, greensBetween the 2nd  half -- slow roasted pork shoulder with mozzarella and some spicy jalapenos. The meat is SO tender and each piece had its own distinct taste. The fresh jalapenos give it a nice kick ... just enough to make your lipsfeel a little numb (have you ever had the Mule Kick @ Schatt's bakery? The spiciness is akin to that)They give a side of tomato? aioli sauce ... spread a little on the sandwich. :)We split the sandwich because it was HUGE ... don't know how any one person can finish it in one sitting..
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2012,7/13/2012,818,503,9,10,12>Best hair cut I've ever had with Michelle Kimme.  I am totally serious.I bit the bullet and went to a new hair stylist today because I was not happy with my previous hair style.  I've been letting my hair grow with long layers for the last three years, but I knew I needed a good stylist.  Although it is pretty scary going to a new stylist I decided to trust the previous Yelp reviews for Michelle Kimme, a stylist, with Bruce K. Smith Salon.  I have to say that I am so happy with the cut.  I don't know about the rest of the female Yelpers out there, but I find that it is really difficult to get a great cut along with a great color service in the same visit.  Usually, a stylist will work their magic with highlights, lowlights or new growth color which takes a little time for processing.  By the time it comes time to cut your hair they are ready to move on to the next client, so they rush the cut and it just isn't very good.  I finally decided that even though I love the Aveda products for their plant based dyes and products that I would have to find someone else to get a good cut.  I am so glad I did because Michelle gave me the best cut I think I've ever had.  The blow dry was absolutely perfect too.  Most times I have to tweak it when I get home from a cut, but not today.The salon just moved into this new location recently after the Avima Aveda concept salon went out of business.  They renovated the space with new paint and furnishings and it is beautiful inside.  They sell really nice products too if you need anything.Michelle listened to what I wanted to achieve with my hair style and she told me what she could do.  She rounded out the layers instead of squaring them off and shortened some of the top ones.  I asked her to keep it long enough, so I could pull it back into a pony tail which is a necessity for the gym and hot days.  I would highly recommend her to anyone looking for a new stylist.  Feel free to tell her that Cydney M. referred you.P.S.  She's a Yelper too and pretty cool too boot.
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2012,7/12/2012,1839,601,25,15,15>Fatty chinese food and dessert and sweet drinks. What's NOT to love about this place.It's a dieter's worst nightmare, a hellhole for cellulite and belly rolls.I'm serious. Popcorn chicken, beef noodle soup, brick toast, their new 32oz Milk tea with caramel and boba, shaved ice with a bucket full of condensed milk.The list goes on, but those are the things that I like to get when I'm visiting a Guppy House.The place is bustling with children who have no place to go since they are not old enough to drink alcohol. This is the hangout for asian kids, yes you heard me right. Asian kids don't hang out at the library anymore.Guppy House is the new spot. If you daughter or son is missing for few hours and they won't answer your calls or texts, find them at your nearest GP. Probably sitting across from the boy/girl they have a crush on or sitting there and gossiping, and not studying.Every time I go, I'm in sweats. Everyone else seems to be dressed up. I must say, their brick toast is delicious. If you are a carboholic like me than you need to try this yummy goodness.Their shaved ice is the best. I like it because it's simple. Shaved ice. Condensed milk. Fruit. None of that nasty red bean stuff that the Koreans put in theirs. If you're not there with your whole class, get the togo size. Otherwise you will end up with so much left over and have the urge to want to finish it since it's so good and then feel super fat at the end. (beginning steps to becoming a heifer).
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/27/2011,7/11/2012,153,241,14,22,21>Got a birthday? A friend in town? Co-worker who just got a promotion? Or just want a nice spot to grab a specialty cocktail that rivals some of the LA's best upcoming mixologists? The Edison is just the type of swanky lounge to hit up for such an occasion... or at least the first of many stops for an evening downtown. My visits at the Edison tend to be early evenings as the low-key vibe is more my scene to enjoy the 1920's-themed, vintage space. From the furniture to the outfits to the employees to the mellow tunes drifting out of unseen speakers, the dimly-lit lounge oozes class to the point you'd almost think you took a trip back several decades. Around one corner behind veiled curtains, you'll find a section of reserved tables next to the boilers yelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU…, + around another, there's a stage for live performances in front of a large dance floor space yelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU….While I could go on + on about how awesome the space is, I'd have to say that the drinks really are what will keep me coming back. Do yourself a favor + grab a "Catalogue of Parts" menu yelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU… + pick something lovely out of there before your autopilot calls out your go-to drink to the bartender as if you were at a dive bar. Yes, the drinks are pricey... $14 for cocktails + between $10-$15 for a vast variety of premium liquors, but trust me when I say these drinks are tasty, unique, + strong.  Or if you can get your butt to The Edison between 5-7pm on Wed-Fri, one of their signature promotions is the centennial cocktails for only $0.35!!! yelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU… Cha-ching! Take down a couple of these classics + then $14 for a delicious cocktail or 2 later on won't feel so heavy on the wallet. And then there's always the Absinthe fairyyelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU… pushing a cart of tempting bottles of colorful absinthe concoctions as well. Unfortunately though, the food isn't anything remarkable. I've tried bites off the happy hour menu as well as large sampler platters before + would much rather take a walk down to Little Tokyo for something more yummy. The happy hour options yelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU… are pretty uninspired considering how much brilliance went into coordinating every other facet of The Edison to theme. And not to mention the portion sizing is not at all worth the $5. I've posted photos of most of the options, but here's the Grilled Cheese yelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU… + the Kobe Beef Slider yelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU… to make things easier. Neh, right?As for the platters... I'd only recommend getting them if you have to meet the per-person minimum to reserve a large table. The Edison Sampler platteryelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU… will only feed about to 4-6 people enough nibblings to quell a growling stomach but not fill it. The goods are on the salty/fried side but admittedly decent. The Boiler Room meat + cheese platter yelp.com/biz_photos/AwvU… is even less sustenance for $39, but then again, that's the nature of meat + cheese platters.  What a night at The Edison comes down to is taking in the experience. Don't be afraid to don a tie or a classy black dress for an evening here while sipping a cocktail with pinky finger up!Yes, there really is a dress code. No cover at the door. Street parking, local lots for $5+, or valet for $7.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/29/2012,7/10/2012,179,80,59,23,23>Stay the hell away from here. Don't come.Feel free to hang out at any other bar other than this one. The crowd here is amazing, and doesn't need you stinking up the place. The beer is nice and cold, and they've got pretty decent whiskey at the back, but you only drink water and fruity stuff right?The music is amazing, and doesn't suit your tastes anyways.Its dark, so you can't see squat, perhaps you should hang out under a lamppost or something?BBQ on sundays, but you have to be somewhere anyways right?Anyways, like I said...stay away.And to everyone else that's been to Piano bar... :D
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2012,7/9/2012,4161,1558,14,19,18>On a Saturday mid afternoon, my date and I meandered through San Gabriel Valley to locate JTYH.  He likes chow mein and my attempts of locating a epicurean chow mein destination have been embarrassingly futile.  I began to experience a mild identity crisis as a Yelper.But alas, JTYH has reestablished my true identity as a foodie.  The chow mein was delectable.  The spicy lamb riblets were not spicy at all although adorned with copious amount of chili peppers.  This dish was equally delicious.  The pan fried dumplings had a plethora of meat, and was very flavorful.  There's a complimentary cold appetizer for checking in.  Service was highly attentive and the price was surprisingly low.
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,7/8/2012,530,387,18,20,20>I've been here a few times now and I have to say it's all been pretty good.You can order either a $11 or $13 pizza.  Most of the $11 pies are vegetarian friendly, or have very little meats.  The $13 pies are the heavy hitters.Castle Green ($11)  A healthier looking pizza, but don't be confused, those slices of bacon that are the only meaty part of the pie keep it from being a truly veggie option.  Loaded with the aforementioned bacon, brusell sprouts, manchego, onions and chives, I think it lacked a little bit of sauce department, but still had a decent mix of toppings to keep it interesting.Fallen Angel ($13)  Italian sausage, fennel, roasted pepper and sauce was pretty exceptional.  It wasn't too heavy either, and was a good option to juxtapose the Castle Green.Gladiator ($13)  Heaviest and meatiest of what I've had, and probably the most tasty.  They don't go overboard on the sausage and pepperoni like a lot of meat lovers pizza's that come to mind.  It's meaty and tasty, and surprisingly not as heavy as you might think.There's about ten different pizza's to choose from, so I still have a ways to go in trying them all, but to date, I can't say I've had any disappointments.
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2012,7/7/2012,2282,550,17,21,17>A group of us came here over the holidays to try the famous 8 flavors of pork belly. Not really being a fan of pork, I agreed to join because I've heard that even non-pork lovers like this place. We had a party of 6 with no reservations so we ended up waiting an hour! Yeah, we should have called. Ooops. The host gave us a coupon for a free pork belly which was nice of him. I think if the people who were just sitting at the table occupying space for 30 minutes AFTER they were done eating had left, we probably would have waited less than an hour. What is up with that? They weren't even talking, just sitting there. Did they not see the hordes of people waiting outside?! Anyways, when we finally got seated, we put our purses and jackets inside the stools to avoid the smell of meat. Pretty clever idea! We ordered the 8 flavors, some spicy seafood stew and cold noodle soup. The presentation of the pork belly is pretty incredible. Eight different rolled up fatty pork, just waiting to be devoured. I liked that the servers cooked it for us and even cut it up! I was wondering how we were supposed to eat the huge slices.The banchan was just some kimchee and bean sprouts thrown on the grill. But, it's not really about the banchan here, so don't expect tons of dishes. I liked the spicy seafood stew which came with my favorite- baby octopus! The cold noodle soup that we ordered at the end was just okay.Oh.. the pork belly? Yeah, it was pretty damn good. My favorite flavor was miso, with wine being a close second. I didn't like the curry at all. It was really weird. All this food cost $20 each for our party of 6. Not bad!I'd go back, but with a smaller group. Parking is available in the lot, but you might have to circle a bit if it's during peak dining hours.Pix - bit.ly/w4KStT
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2011,7/6/2012,1215,510,23,30,19>I'm writing this review for the everyman.  The average person.  The ones who not normally dare dream of spending so much on a dinner. Because believe you me, for what you eat, it'll eat into your pocket.  Like seriously, I read through a good amount of reviews, but it was hard to get a ball park figure for what a meal here would cost.  So if you're like me, let me demystify that.  'cause they sure as hell don't post any prices on CUT's webpage.  I don't know if they do that because they dont' want to scare anyone away from the price shock, or if it's just because pricing is adjusted for the market price and purveyors?Anyways, I felt like my lovely lady's birthday was a good enough cause to book a reservation on Open Table/online. If you really wanted to go all out, there's an offer on the reservation page for limo service and flowers.First of all, this is another world, it's almost laughable.  I mean, yeah, it's a fancy schmancy hotel, people gawking at celebs on paws and pant like a dog show.  Yes, you might, like me, actually give the place some credibility when you spot something like a matte black Lamborghini Reventon in the valet area.  You know, a dime a dozen right? There's only 20 of them in the world in existence, and costs a paltry 1 million euros. Or $1.5 million.  Laughable right?So we're shown to our table, a dimly lit place. Contemporary modern furnishings all around.  The music is hardly audible over the boisterous conversations.  You'll likely need to raise your voice a bit for a proper conversation.  It's a weeknight, and it's packed!  Every table is filled.  Smartly dressed old money, rich Asian kids in casual wear, a group of black lady bombshells that'll have Beyonce jealous.  An elegant circus.I bet the small stylish tin that holds the cheesy breadsticks outprices the executive desk I have in my office.  And all the breads are good. Artisan yes?  From small, piping hot dough balls with bits of cheese, to the wonderfully fragrant onion bread that gives of just a hint of ginger.  Well-crafted. Well done.  Waitstaff on stand-by?  He actually re-lit the candle on the table for us the moment it was blown out.  He refilled the water, when we didn't even take a sip yet! If this is your first time visit, the waitress will haul out huge chunks of beef to show the different cuts, marbling, and such acting as your personal museum docent.  Okay, the service is solid.  Breads are great.  The food, masterful. Well executed.  If I worked for Mr. Michelin, I guess I'd be awarding the place 1 star as well.  Maryland blue crab and Lousiana shrimp louie cocktail.  Lovely fresh and vibrant, with a creamy horseradish sauce.  It is pure quality. Pure taste.  The date loved it. She just devoured it.  Everything on the plate has presence. $28.The bone marrow flan ($19)  too, probably my favorite bone marrow dish yet.  There's a side of "mushroom marmalade," looks very much like a tapenade. You spread it over the supplied, crustless, toast.  Spread the bone marrow, all soft, luscious cream like.  It's just so luxurious and rich, and the aroma when combined with the mushroom marmalade and parsley with a colorful flavor to rival a Murakami LV monogram.  The bone marrow may cost twice than Pizzeria Mozza's offering, but the the dish here at CUT is more polished and tailored.  And I'd take it over Morimoto's panko crusted bone marrow (which you might like if your palate favors a sweeter side).Okay... steaks. Huge selection, from US prime aged cuts, homegrown Kobe beef, to imported Australian wagyu.  Expect to pay anywhere from $60-$155 for a cut a meat. Oh, did I mention that one cut of wagyu that costs $155, you get a whopping 2 ounces? Does it really taste that great? Maybe I should've picked that one.We ended up with 8 oz. of Australian rib eye wagyu.  $155.  Super rich in marbling.  I've heard different things about how cooked you should order it.  Medium rare may be too undercooked to do the marbling flavor justice.  Overcooked, of course, isn't great either.  I asked the waitress for her opinion, and she suggested "medium rare plus," just between medium and medium rare.  Sold.Is it ever tasty and tender.  Gosh it is. Richer than Scrooge McDuck swimming through solid cash in a money bin. Honestly, between have bone marrow to myself (because birthday girl refused to try it), cheese dough balls, and the super marbling of the ribeye, I felt heavy almost ready for a body bag.  Almost like I was downing wine glasses of Pennzoil motor oil (but in reality, my glass was filled with a Chateauneuf-du-Pape, $22.  Pairs excellently with the steak and bone marrow I might add.  Drink it by itself and it's tasty enough.  But offsetting it against the beef really makes you aware of it's floral and fruity bouquet, simply a decadent joy.)Between me, filled with fat, and Asian girl, watching her figure, we took home 4 oz. of ribeye & Mac n Cheese,$19. How much will you spend?  Still want game to try?
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,7/5/2012,1388,397,14,21,14>If you have read my Oinkster reviews you will know that I am a proud Oinksterholic. Few things on this planet make me happier than a delicious House Cured Pastrami sandwich from The Oinkster. Really, I am an Andre Guerrero fangirl! And if I were to have a child I would probably name him (or her) Andre Guerrero, or pastrami, or maybe just Oinkster. So imagine if you will the happiness I felt when this Andre Guerrero/Oinksterholic fangirl heard that the Guerrero clan was opening a new sophisticated Italian eatery in nearby Highland Park. You probably don't even have to imagine because you probably heard me screaming with glee from wherever you live. Yeah, that was me...sorry.The Maximiliano space is beautiful! It feels very open with lots of natural light, wood, concrete, and a large open kitchen with a beautiful red mosaic tile pizza oven as its centerpiece. There is also a dine-in bar that allows diners to watch all of the excitement in the kitchen. My favorite part of the room is what I call the spaghetti wall. It is a two story high red wall covered in spaghetti. It is amazing! Really, you will understand it when you see it...just go and have a look.The menu has a really nice selection of food. There were menu items for everyone...vegetarians, meat eaters, light eaters, heavy eaters, healthy eaters, picky eaters...there is really something for everyone. There is also a nice selection of beer and wine, but that is to be expected considering the always epic beer selection at The Oinkster.It was really difficult to decide what to order because it all really looked delicious, and I honestly do not say that very often. Here is what we ended up ordering...and we truly had to restrain ourselves from ordering more:Starters: Risotto with porcini mushrooms, leeks and fontina cheese - This was OMG amazing. I am a bit of a risotto snob and I was blown away by the perfection of this dish. The risotto was perfectly cooked, creamy and delicious. The flavors were so perfectly balanced we couldn't speak...we just kept shoveling it in to our mouths while making "nom, nom, nom" sounds. Polenta with gorgonzola and pomodoro - The polenta was both sturdy and fluffy...crispy on the outside and light and airy on the inside. It was covered in melted gorgonzola and surrounded by a fresh, tangy pomodoro sauce.  So yummy!Entrees:Bone in Pork Chop with sweet potato puree, kale, pixie dust, magic, unicorns...no really. This was a magical pork chop! Perfectly cooked, juicy, and delicious served on top of sweet fluffy potatoes with yummy kale (I don't even like kale by the way and I ate this kale.)Two large chicken breasts, crispy skin, mushrooms, spinach, fingerling potatoes, and a luscious chickeny pan juice reduction. This was gigantic and amazing!!! The chicken was perfectly cooked and the crispy skin was a really expert touch. I don't often rave about chicken breasts in restaurants but this dish is rave worthy.Sides:Roasted heirloom Italian squash with honey, butter, five spice and Italian sea salt. This was just lovely. The squash was perfectly cooked, slightly sweet and deliciously buttery and the spices and salt were just perfect.Roasted beets with goat cheese and onions. I love beets. I love goat cheese. I loved this dish. Dessert:We were literally stuffed to the gills following dinner, but the dessert menu looked way to good to pass up and Pastry Chef Jan Purdy's desserts did not disappoint. We ordered the lemon tart, which was a luscious "kick you in the head tart" lemon curd in a perfect buttery crust with strawberry sauce on the side. It was really lemony and really delicious.  We also had the olive oil ice cream with a sea salt caramel drizzle. Both of the desserts were great and served as a lovely end to an absolutely lovely meal.I am going to have to find more hours in the week now that I have another epic Andre Guerrero eatery to visit. As it is impossible for me to take time away from my Oinkster addiction...it is an addiction after all...I will have to work out a plan of attack in order for me to work Maximiliano into my already busy, food filled schedule. Hmmmm, what to do?  Sleep less? Quit school? Well, I am sure I will work it out. In the meantime go and check out the amazing food and spaghetti wall at Maximiliano...you will probably see me there...I will be the one in the corner, unashamedly shoveling large scoops of risotto into her face. Nom, nom, nom!
<review# 835,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2012,7/4/2012,537,647,13,19,17>We were headed to the Old Pasadena HH but after circling the block for a few minutes looking for parking, we decided to just head straight for the Pasadena Playhouse instead. Yelp app on hand, we checked out the places within walking distance. We walked by here and were a little intrigued by the name. A quick Yelp search revealed promising reviews so inside we went.The atmosphere is nice. It's like you're in a different place, clearly not Pasadena.The server told us to sit anywhere we want. The place is quite small with only a few tables and a bar area. We were given the Dinner menu and their wine menu. The first thing that caught my eye was the Sangria since I was set on getting happy hour. It wasn't to bad for $6, just don't expect it to come in a fancy glass. Came in the same glass as the water.Entrees are $9 and up. I ended up ordering a Chicken Tostada. The order took a while because the lady cooked it -- or maybe heat it up -- for a few minutes. We were given complementary bread, so good!When my order finally arrived, it didn't disappoint! The chicken was flavorful and the other ingredients worked well with it. The tostada was surprisingly flaky, unlike the hard shell I'm used to. It came with a sauce rather than salsa but it was good too. Probably could've used a kick of spice to it though.Overall, a good experience and I'm glad we chanced upon this place.
<review# 836,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2012,7/3/2012,1208,188,26,27,23>Affectionately (and drunkenly) nicknamed "King Crispy", I really love this pizza - In my opinion, it's not neurosurgery to make a pizza. The past 10 years or so, I've felt like there's been something left to be desired in your typical pizza. For example: I just cannot tolerate skimped sauce. When I crave pizza, that doesn't mean I'm craving dry ass cheese bread, ya feel?Crispy Crust ALWAYS satisfies. Not only is the pizza exactly what pizza should be, but there is NO CHARGE for FRESH GARLIC! How perfect. The prices are reasonable and the service has always been pleasant, on point and on time. There is an easy-to-use online ordering system, though I tried it last night and got an error message that there was "abusive actions detected from this IP address"... Maybe calling in, just to be safe, is best.Watch out K.O.N.Y., there's a new King in town!
<review# 837,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2012,7/2/2012,920,518,38,44,41>When's the last time you received a handwritten thank you note from your waiter? Never? Then you probably didn't dine at The Capital Grille. How'd they get my snail AND email? A drawing for a weekend in Napa, of course! Savvy, VERY savvy, cuz we ALL luv a game of chance for free stuff : )Win that weekend, or not, I remain thoroughly impressed with Capital Grille's quality, standard of service and business model/brand. Exactly THE way to stay in the game in a competitive market and challenging economy! But more importantly, we all need a little TLC without breaking the bank. Whether budget dictates a $16 lunch, a more lavish supper, or a celebration, Capital Grille is my destination.Class act through and through!
<review# 838,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,7/1/2012,482,235,23,35,30>What started out as a very reluctant $2.45 single tamale purchase, ended up as a $26.31 feast in what is perhaps the finest mall food experience of my life--and one of the most surprising Mexican food finds in recent memory.Located inside the Burbank Town Center, between the Orange Julius and Cinnabon outlets in the 3rd floor food court, California Fiesta Tamales House opened about 4 weeks ago in what appears to be a now defunct Johnny Rockets. There was not one cell in my body that wanted to try this place and I wouldn't have had it not been for my beloved who knows that I'm a sucker for tamales, albeit the MacArthur Park, out-of-a-shopping-cart variety that sells for $1 in Downtown. Though I'm finicky about tamales, I'm even more finicky about Mexican food. Needless to say, I scoffed at the "100% Handmade Tamales" sign when we walked in. Minutes later, I was eating my words because Tamale House totally let me have it.I ordered the pork tamale "to try" and it was breathtaking. The masa was exceptionally moist, flavorful and surprisingly, not oily. The pork with red sauce filling was delicious, meaty and gristle-free. For $2.45, it was a steal because you can sit in a booth or at the counter and not have to eat out of a paper plate on a questionable sidewalk. After my first bite, which literally blew my mind, we ordered a carne asada taco, again, "to try," that I swear was among the best I've had in LA. That was followed by a #3 for $7.99 which includes a tamale and two tacos of your choice, rice and beans. I can't emphasize how otherworldly this experience was. We ordered the pastor (amazing, crispy, fresh and flavorful), another asada taco to make sure it wasn't a fluke and a chicken tamale (good, but the pork is the winner). Now here's the big shocker: the rice. If they told me there was an elderly Senora in the back lovingly making this Mexican rice, I would have believed it. It is by a far, one of the best I've had at any restaurant in LA. As if Tamale House wasn't fabulous enough, we discovered that Orange Bang is sold here--in a bottle! They also offer chocolate tamales for dessert -- a squishy, masa-y tamale that oozes a Mexican chocolate sauce in the middle. I will never judge a mall book by it's cover ever again. GO GO GO!
<review# 839,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/10/2012,6/29/2012,1068,387,55,52,52>Is UnPhoGettable the greatest pho joint, ever? --No.Is it the greatest pho spot on Santa Monica Boulevard, at least? --No, Nancy[boy].Well, okay, how about just in WeHo, in general? --That's a Neg-a-tory, Friend-of-Dorothy!Alright, but, could you do a lot worse for pho, than UnPhoGettable? --DEFinitely so, ho/bro, pho-sho'.Okay, so, rhet-whore-ical questions aside, UnPhoGettable isn't going to blow your mind or anything else as far as the build-quality in the food. It's pho, baby, and outside of Vietnam and Garden Grove (which I like to call Vietnam 2: Electric Boogaloo) , few pho places really do pho-justice, pho-real.The menu at UnPhoGettable is limited (the menu is only two pages, including drinks), but definitely on the rings of decent and threatening the cusp of orgasm.There's a separate menu for wine by the glass or entire bottle, so definitely consider mating an entire magnum of merlot with your seafood pho, you magnificent pirate, you.There isn't any fried calamari on the appetizer menu, so, sorry if you're into that, loverboy/girl, but the pho offerings themselves are big, bad (in a good way) and très beaucoup bangin'.You and your friend can definitely eat well for about $25 or less.I came on a lazy Sunday (yay, they're open on the Lord's day, now!) and my friend and I were the only customers in the restaurant, so we were treated like lawyers at a dead emperor's will-reading.As with most pho places, sodas are served in cans and with empty glasses of ice, which seems a bit pizza-parlor-ish, but whatever. I'd expect the same if I ordered a Coke at Urasawa to go along with my yellowtail.Our server was cute and friendly and, since we were the only customers, even exchanged light conversation with us.*warning* Don't be a fool and park at the paid lot nearby (it's $2.50 every 15 minutes);  UnPhoGettable has its own free, private lot adjacent to its building. Look carefully and you'll find it, sweetie.*The restaurant is très mignon and next to a hotel, so check in there afterward and keep the sheets in your own condo immaculate.
<review# 840,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2011,6/28/2012,231,244,25,25,21>Holy good god green sauce.  I wish I had a grandmother who likes to steal things off tables at restaurants, because I would take her here.  And she would clean house at Mario's, and I would have an lifetime supply of the Mario's green sauce.  it's really that good.After debating with my friend for about 10 minutes as to what actually is IN the green sauce, we ended up just asking.  And the waitress was pretty candid about it.  it's essentially a bunch of different kinds of spicy peppers, garlic, onions and CHEESE. Drools.Sauce aside, the food is really excellent.  The portions are HUGE.  Like Texas huge.  You could easily split one entree between two people and be completely satisfied.  We got the Saltado de Mariscos, which was easily the star plate.  Just amazing flavors coming out of every bite, and everything was covered in this tangy and spicy sauce.  If you love shrimp, squid and octopus, it's a must.We also got the Pescado Sudado (i think) and that was really, really good too.  I wish this dish came before the Mariscos, because that dish really set the bar high.We just got done with Critical Mass, so we were both super hangry. Everything tasted bomb.  Not to mention our food came out lightning fast.  Seriously, about 5 minutes after we ordered.  Nothing like instant gratification when you want it the most.I don't understand why anyone would come here and not order the seafood.  It's all super fresh, and it's obviously their specialty.The only reason I docked a star, is because it's not the cleanest.   I also wish they served beer, but I'd take a clean floor/table to a cold beer.  Sometimes.I've already made plans to come back.
<review# 841,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2012,6/27/2012,72,446,27,26,23>Do you know about bumping and grinding?  It's not always the best sound, or feeling.  I've had a recent experience with bumping and grinding, and I must say it was most uncomfortable.  It was to the point that it was becoming louder and louder, and I knew people around me probably looked at me with disgust.  I don't want everyone thinking I'm naughty and inconsiderate, so I had to do something to redeem my good character.  To make matters much better, I visited Ori's Service Center.  A genuinely nice and professional person, Paul, gave me a quote to repair my brakes, then told me they could work on my car and have it back to me within two hours.  Paul drove my car to listen to the brakes before doing any work.  Then, he showed me the actual brakes and explained what needed to be done.  Talk about professionalism and honesty!  Finally, the bumping and grinding has come to an end.  I'm no longer the noisy neighbor and hope that I've redeemed myself, as my brakes are now restored!  Ori's deserves an honorable mention for their quick and quality service.  Also, I must mention that they saved me $70, as the car dealership wanted to charge much more!  Thanks to the staff at Ori's for repairing my brakes in a timely manner, and for a good price!
<review# 842,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/25/2011,6/26/2012,758,314,13,19,15>3 words:  NOM NOM NOMA couple Saturdays ago, we were looking for something new to try for a tasty breakfast.  This place blew away our expectations.    We walked down with our dog and sat outside at one of the picnic tables.  The place looks like a typical diner, but is definitely a hidden gem. I feel so bad, because I can't remember our server's name and I promised I'd write about her.  She was the super sweet, thin blonde woman.  She was really awesome, knew her stuff, and even helped us capture our dog after she chewed through her leash AGAIN.  LOL.Avocado Omelet:  So so good.  It came with my choice of an English muffin and home fries.  I hate omelets that are not seasoned and flavorless (which most places make them), but the only thing I put on my eggs was some hot sauce.  They were well seasoned and needed nothing else.  The avocado was fresh too.  Can we talk about the home fries???  Perfect...just perfect.The Kitchen Sink:   This was pretty darn good as well.  I'm not a huge italian sausage fan, but I still ended up stealing more than a couple bites.  The surprising highlight was the wheat toast.  We were both surprised at how good it was.  We're still curious as to what bread and butter they used.  If you're in the area, definitely make a stop here and check out the breakfast.  I was impressed and will be coming back for more...so will my waistline.
<review# 843,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2011,6/25/2012,1422,462,16,26,20>I think I consume about 5 sandwiches a week. After awhile, turkey sandwiches get very boring (whether it's from Subway, a cafe, or a wine and cheese store) and you want to cry out in agony at the mere thought of a turkey sandwich.Thankfully, Mendocino Farms has some tasty, not so boring sandwiches. Even though I don't work in the area and it's a bit difficult for me to come here for lunch, I still enjoy their sandwiches as snacks (insert some kind of fat joke here). My first experience at Mendocino Farms was for the Star Wars concert at the Hollywood Bowl. I prepared a lovely picnic for my friends (wine, cakes from Sweet Lady Jane, cheese and charcuterie from Silverlake Wines, etc.) and ordered the Steak BLT and Pork Belly Banh Mi Sandwiches. While the Steak BLT was good, the Pork Belly Banh Mi was even better. There's a reason why everyone always tells you to order the Pork Belly Banh Mi! The pork has a sweet, but not overwhelming flavor and it's balanced perfectly with the usual pickled vegetables. It's an updated, more Americanized twist to the regular banh mi sandwich. There's several other things I want to try so I'll definitely be back for a snack ;)
<review# 844,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,6/24/2012,444,330,5,23,17>My new favorite place! I love that they support local artists too. We came here the other day and the chef was sick, but Edgar was extremely kind and gracious about it. He gave us a wine card and even reimbursed our meter parking- who even does that these days? I was taken aback by the gesture. Needless to say, we returned promptly the next day! Edgar gave us a few choices for wines based off our palates. We started off with the whites, and I got a delicious Chardonnay. The Riesling was by far my favorite of the whites, though; it really lived up to its "liquid crack" nickname! I regret not buying a whole bottle. After sampling some whites we moved on to the reds, which included the Cabernet by Far Niente. Did not disappoint! I love the idea of the self-serve option; it was educational, fun, and engaging. We had these cheese pita chips that were phenomenal, and ordered the Goat Cheese and Lamb, along with the Flat Iron Steak with Roquefort. I loved my goat cheese dish; the lamb melts in your mouth, and I don't even like lamb! Our waitress took excellent care of us that day. Later during our lunch, the head chef came out to introduce herself and gave us a dish of fried chickpeas. So nice of her. The service is truly one of a kind. We loved this place so much, that we bought another wine card for our Can-I-Come-Back-Tomorrow? return. If you like the idea of a funny down-to-earth sommelier who is passionate and knowledgeable as well as delicious food to match, then this is your place: 3Twenty.
<review# 845,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2011,6/23/2012,479,347,9,13,8>People always say that some new restaurants have potential to be great. This Coco Ichibanya doesn't need that, because they're already awesome. How about that? LOL. I went to their soft opening today with Tay S. I was so excited! I've been waiting for this to open for months now!FOOD: It's a four step process to customize your own curry, and my god, did Tay S. got to customizing her curry with egg plants, kimchi and what not. Step one is to choose a curry sauce: mild or spicy then select the rice portion at S, STD, L, or XL. Step three is choosing the level of spiciness from mild, regular, to 1-10, lastly you get to choose your toppings. It's pretty fun since it's like making your dream curry. :D I opted for a mild curry sauce, extra large rice, level regular, with vegetables, and sliced beef yelp.com/biz_photos/iu3V…. The serving we got was GINORMOUS, Tay S. had said that the mini would have been a perfect portion. So you can only imagine how big the large was, even the guys thought it was huge. The smell of blended spices and the starchy potatoes just made me drool in my mouth, the beef looked fresh and amazing. I didn't hesitate and dug right in, I swear it so good I literally inhaled it. The sauce was A.M.A.Z.I.N.G., with the right flavor of spices and the perfect amount of saltiness. The potatoes just melted in my mouth when I took that first bite and for a moment I lost myself... ( - w-) The meat had that great tender buoyancy, full flavor, mixed in with the curry sauce = ah, it was just heavenly. We also got the Fried Chicken and Egg Salad yelp.com/biz_photos/iu3V…, I loved their sesame based sauce- so effin' deliciousss! It's sweet and tangy, with a very light flavor. The fried chicken in the salad isn't a deep fry, but a airy crispy type of layer on top. Plus, they're in big chunks (who doesn't like that?). They use a spring mix of greens, which I normally wouldn't eat, but the sauce made it okay. :) It was Mmm! Mmm! Good. We also got the Keema with Nan bread, I'm a newbie with Nan bread, but the Keema was pretty tuuuubular! It was like curry in chili form. I didn't finish it and the leftover I used over rice the next day for lunch and it was dericious!  Who knew leftovers could taste so good?!SERVICE: They waitresses were all very nice and quick with the food (which was a plus, I was pretty hungry), our waitress in particular was actually pretty funny too. Gotta love a girl with a sense of humor! ;)AMBIANCE: Clean, simple; Stayed with the color palette of brown and yellow. The place is a bit small compared to their other location, so expect them to be packed when they're busy. The a/c is on full blast, which I'm grateful for because I was sweatin' balls when I was eating them curry!Fuhhh. If I could eat this everyday, I would. LOL.
<review# 846,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2011,6/22/2012,329,128,9,15,15>We came around midnight on Friday and street parking was easy, super close, and free. There was no line or cover to get in, and it was the perfect kind of crowded inside - my favorite combo. My friends came a bit earlier, so they had snagged a table near the stage. Comfy booths, lots of pillows, and near the FortuneTeller-themed stage. There's also a couple carnival games to entertain drunk people for a few minutes and start conversations - Skee Ball and the Love Fortune Teller machine (a quarter to get your fortune read).It's a bit in the middle of nowhere, so not ideal for walking. But I thought Gypsy was a pretty cool spot. Cute decor, STRONG drinks, and live music.It's still pretty new, so I'm hoping Gypsy stays this chill.
<review# 847,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2012,6/21/2012,720,657,18,28,22>These are super special quesadillas made from blue corn. I can't recall ever having Oaxacan food before, so these Oaxacan Quesadillas were a treat. Hand made from blue corn and freshly grilled it was mighty tasty. I heard about this cart from Gino E. and made a trip out here just for lunch on a Sat.You don't really know it's there unless you are looking for it specifically, it looks like any other hot-dog, taco cart in LA but when you get up close you can see the difference. These quesadillas aren't Your puny hoity-toity truck fare, these quesadillas are a meal! The blue corn tortilla is thick and fluffy and worth the $3 price, because the amount of filling you get is about the weight of 3 street tacos. I got two quesadillas, Chicharon and Huitlacoche. If you are gonna put hot sauce, don't go with the red one do the green one. It's spicier and has better flavor... yum. A sprinkle of cheese, super fresh diced onions and cilantro and a few pieces of nopales (cactus) and you are set! Chicharon- Porky goodness, I can feel my heart slowing down with each bite of crunchy grease. But hey, for my first Oaxacan Quesadilla experience I had to go all out! My $2 Tamarind flavored Jarritos helped wash down the oil,  dude kinda felt like the Jarritos was a rip off considering the quesadillas were $3! =pHuitlacoche- The better of the two quesadillas, so good it's got this juicy mushroom flavor and with the melted cheese, highly pleasing to my taste buds. It makes sense since Huitlacoche is a corn fungus, but it's not very appetizing to look at since it's this runny black mush and also-known-as "corn-smut".So many fillings, I need to come back and them all! I had a bite of my friend's Pollo quesadilla and found it had good spice, it wasn't hot spicy but flavorful spicy!  You can get combinations of fillings so if you want a little of this and that, the woman in charge will be happy to oblige, the chorizo y papas seemed like a delish one. This cart was on the corner of Echo Park and Sunset, right across and behind the Bank of America. Good luck finding her, I heard she moves around. These elusive quesadillas are totally worth a hunt, the taste of Oaxaca in the streets of LA!
<review# 848,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2012,6/20/2012,361,411,17,23,19>I love Bricks and Scones! It's a cute little cottage looking coffee house on Larchmont, perfect for a day of studying!I sometimes come here when I'm in the area and need to do some studying. They offer coffees and teas, yummy sandwiches, and pastries. You can eat downstairs or you can go upstairs to their quiet study area, where it's actually quiet enough to hear yourself think!! :) Not very many places offer that. They also have free wifi. :)Another bonus - 10% off with your student ID!Small parking in the back, or street parking.
<review# 849,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,11/11/2011,6/19/2012,1168,209,11,13,16>Two eggs. Bacon or Sausage. Toast. Side dish of potatoes or fruit. In La Cañada. $4.95. You're kidding me, right?Kid not, friends! Magpie's has a breakfast special between 8AM and 11AM Monday thru Friday.  You can barely get a deal like that from Jack-in-the-Box!The eggs are tasty and prepared to your liking. The potatoes are sauteed with onions and multi-colored bell peppers. The bacon is sliced a little thin but tasty by all accounts. I personally substitute it with cottage cheese (add'l cost). Your choice of toast comes with four buttered halves and a complimentary wedge of watermelon on the side. Only $4.95!!The service by the waiter who's helped us both times is a little lacking but the good food and great price well made up for it! Magpie's....I'm-a-LIKIN'!
<review# 850,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/5/2012,6/18/2012,243,143,12,19,13>OMG! This place is a DIAMOND in the rough. This vegan cafe/ice cream shop sits on the corner of Logan and Sunset Blvd, one block NW of Echo Park Blvd.The from the local art covering the walls to the giant lofty windows, this place is creative, airy and fresh. The menu is a delight as you hunt through the completely unique vegan creations. I tried the Jalapeno & Cheez Wontons to start (incredible... and at $8 for 4 of them, they'd better be)For the meal, I chose the bacon chili cheezburger and MAN was I surprised how good it was! I'm a BIG TIME meat eater and I forgot half way through it that I was eating nothing but plants. It was so good.I got the potato salad as a side and wasn't stoked about the flavor. Something sour was in there... maybe lemongrass... anyway, I threw salt and pepper on it and it was ok.The free giant bottle of purified water they give you is a great addition to the high level of care and attention we got from the servers. We were never left wondering when the food would come or where our check was at the end of the meal.I'll definitely return... probably tomorrow. :)
<review# 851,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/5/2012,6/17/2012,1472,495,18,25,17>I am NOT a Vegan.I got nothing against vegetables, hell I even like tofu, but when someone is trying to entice me to go to dinner, "Hey, let's try this Vegan place" generally doesn't do it.But when my friend said she heard about a Vegan place that did soul food, I had to see for myself.Parking was a bit sticky, but once inside Doomie's I was pretty stoked.  Suprisingly warm for a strip joint restaurant, Johnnie, our server, was super friendly and welcomed us right away.I ordered the Pumpkin soup, Western Bacon Cheeseburger and Sweet Black Tea.  The soup was great!  Earthy and spicy, I gobbled up this hearty soup quickly.  The burger was also really good.  I wasn't expecting much but the faux bacon and meat was super filling and tasted great.  The tea was amazing.The best part is that even though I was super full, I didn't fell gross and over stuffed.  I definitely felt like I was "cleaner."  And now that I'm on weightwatchers, I appreciated the low point value Vegan fare.So I'm still not a Vegan, and never going to be.  But I'll be back to Doomie's!
<review# 852,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2011,6/16/2012,923,326,10,17,16>Coming from a closet cynic who's maybe a little skeptical towards any sort of mainstream hype, I truly believe Mozza rightfully deserves remaining on the pedestal amongst the sea of any other nouveau pizzerias. But I'm starting with dessert first. (We all know that their pizza dough is hands down, a sliver of heaven) I've always took a preference to French desserts over Italian, but Mozza's Strawberry Gelato Pie is really crazy. It's really crazy, yet simple made with fresh basic ingredients - Yes I know that's a paradox, but it was like you could almost deconstruct the simple ingredients they used onto your tongue that marry so well together whether it's the rich texture of the gelato combined with the crunch of the perfect chocolate cookie crust, topped with the delicate finish of creme anglaise. Or maybe I'm just crazy. Nevertheless, I am certifiable crazy for strawberries. If you are reading this and are not so much crazy as I am regarding my passion for strawberry based desserts, then please feel free to disregard this paragraph. The Chef treated us to the most remarkable Saturday afternoon in the midst of the predictable full house. We were seated in the quaint wine room which was appropriately cozy with low ceilings and a smart collection of vinos all around the perimeter of the room. You could probably dismiss the chaos around you including a screaming baby should you indulge in a bottle of Proseco upon seating. I came here with much anticipation to sample their Fried Squash Blossoms which were (again) truly worth every bit its hype. I get that it's mentioned in hundreds of reviews of this place, but these delicately flash fried little morsels stuffed with Ricotta cheese are almost a religious experience. We also enjoyed the best Italian chopped salad I believe LA has to offer, (the Nancy chopped salad) made with fresh local organic veggies, kalamata olives, fresh cheeses and spicy salami. Also served were the House made Ricotta with Fava Beans which was also a very religious experience, almost having the consistency of Burratta Mozzarella. We sampled the Duck Confit Pate on Crostini which was complex - not a huge fan of duck but I still really appreciated the love that went into its preparation and its sublime understated flavors where typically, I find duck to taste a bit harsh... Let alone the consistency of pate itself - I could probably write a book about my slight disdain towards liver. It's just me, really. Moving onto the entrees, I think you could grasp what I'm about to say about the pizza dough so I'll just say this once - all other pizza dough trying to compete with Mozza taste like pansies. Done! As mentioned in most reviews, the ingredient menu is so fun and super extensive, it probably will lead you to dementia and confusion. We'd elected to try the Fennel Sausage and Red Onion and Spinach with Salami. I would highly suggest going with a simplistic pizza such as a traditional Margherita just so that the other toppings don't overpower the dough, which is the whole point of this experience to begin with.  And there actually is life beyond pizza here for you boring protein only lovers who refuse to live a little and indulge in carb-coma once in a while - the Braised Chicken Thighs with Spicy Peppers and Broccolini entree is terrifically tender, flavorful and certainly far from boring.
<review# 853,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/26/2011,6/15/2012,334,325,12,15,12>A seriously sweet little dog bakery with friendly staff and adorable dogs coming in and out all day long.I stepped in for the first time, and I gotta say, I was digging the place. They've got toys, cleaning supplies, brushes, nail trimmers, treats, chews, and even those nifty little rolled up doggie bags that are small and convenient for when you take your dog on a walk. For a small store, this place packs a nice assortment of stock and treats.The staff is all smiles and are full of helpful suggestions, like what to have your dog try if you've never thought about giving them bakery treats from this place. I went with a set of three assorted Ruffles (truffle-like treats), and a guy stocking tiny cupcakes tossed a free one in for us. Our sheltie loved them all.We also picked up some tips for trying to keep our arthritic sheltie groomed (a highly difficult task!) and got to meet one of the staffers' shy sweet black and white sheltie.If you've got a pooch, there's nothing wrong with the occasional indulgence, so stop by! The prices are not at all bad on their bakery treats, it's great talking with enthusiastic people that love pets as much as you.Oh, and don't worry if someone eats one of your baked dog treats. Nothing bad will happen!
<review# 854,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2012,6/14/2012,1813,600,12,30,17>Until recently, finding truly great sushi anywhere east of Little Tokyo was as likely as a blind man stumbling upon the fountain of youth. Things are changing quickly. Though Pasadena will never be mistaken for Torrance or Sawtelle, there has been a small influx of stellar sushi bars. First Sushi Ichi and now, Sushi Kimagure. In the pantheon of renowned sushi chefs here in LA, Ike-san has been a fixture for over four decades. He spent time at the quite wonderful Sushi Nishi-ya in Glendale and many more at the illustrious Sushi Ike in Hollywood. It's actually quite remarkable that he's chosen to come east for his latest endeavor but it remains to be seen if the style translates to the area. For someone with such a pedigree, he's remarkably sweet and personable, not a hint of arrogance about him as is often the case with top tier sushi chefs. This is a reservation only, omakase (chefs choice) style restaurant          (though not at lunch time) so there really isn't much of a menu so far. You won't find silly rolls, or teriyaki plates or anything else of that nature. Just grade A sushi. As far as the sushi, the traditional standards are all well represented from blue fin toro to salmon to mackerel, each a lovely slice of buttery goodness. Even better though were the scallops, uni three ways including a lightly seared slice which was incredible, Kumamoto oysters, a wildly interesting halibut slice of fin muscle and an off menu crab roll with cucumber that was heart stoppingly perfect, a slice of abalone liver, and finally seared octopus that was the most tender I've ever had.Service was really nice, you can feel the effort from everyone to make your visit memorable and they've thankfully gotten their liquor license so saki flows freely. Well, not freely, you do have to pay. Prices are very good for omakase, but the style of restaurant means that meals are going to be expensive overall. My only misgivings are that the restaurant itself is really bright and stark, while my preference is more traditional and dark but that's just me. Make sure to make a reservation, they do not take walking and turned people away. It's not out of arrogance, they just work that way and it's actually nice because it's not overly crowded or uncomfortable. Highly recommended and worth every penny.Best Plates: Omakase only, crab roll with cucumber, seared octopus, special salmon,Palate:  moderately exotic, high end sushiFood - A+Service - A-Ambiance - CValue - A-
<review# 855,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,6/13/2012,235,413,13,15,14>Tommy has finally opened up his own shop.The bf has both legs completely done by Tommy because his work is so detailed and clean.  If the bf could have the sleeves on both his arms removed (done by someone else a long time ago) he would have Tommy do them as well.  His dragons are amazing and does a great job blending different images into one complete picture.  Check out his website for all the pics.The first tattoo was a blending of cranes (representing his siblings), an anime character, and music notes.  Seems like so many random things, but it came out really nice.  The second one is a dragon that wraps around his entire leg.  I love the shading on this.I've been thinking about getting a tattoo for years and when I finally get the balls to do it, I am definitely coming here.The shop is immaculate and Tommy is pretty flexible with hours.Street parking and in the back lot as well.
<review# 856,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2012,6/12/2012,341,118,21,29,31>"Humbled" is the only word that comes to mind, when i think about my last meal at Bizzarra Capital. Up-front truth: this is my second review of this restaurant. my first encounter was, lets just say, less than satisfying. after writing my initial review, i was contacted by, none other than the chef himself, Ricardo Diaz. he was adamant about how sorry, and embarrassed he felt about my experience. he asked me to please come back, and allow him to better represent himself. the main issue the last time, was the service. better yet, the lack there of. we were sat, and ignored for more than half an hour. Chef Ricardo assured me that steps had been taken to up the quality of service. i agreed to return. when my girlfriend and i walked into BC for the second time, we were apprehensive. some of that was instantly eliviated when we were courteously greeted by a smiling host. we were sat right away in one of the elevated booths that line the window-side of the restaurant. within moments, a waiter came to us and asked for our drink order. he asked if we needed any help with the menu, and told us to not be afraid to ask questions. he seemed extremely professional, and actually gave me the sense that he enjoys his job. this was in serious contrast to our last visit. moments later, a gentleman in a sport coat and shirt, walks up to our table and introduces himself as Chef Ricardo Diaz. i filled him in on who i was, and he seemed genuinely excited that we had returned. we spoke for a few moments, he gave us a few recommendations from the menu, and then he excused himself. This is where things get strange. i have been a chef for over 13 years, but what i saw next, made me smile, and shake my head. Ricardo walked over to the other tables and spoke to them as well. but it was when he began to actually clear dirty dishes, and get drink refills, that i took surprise. A Renowned Chef, and Restauranteur. a person of prestige in Los Angeles. the legendary Chef of Guisados, and Cooks Tortas. there he is, bussing dirty dishes, and refilling drinks in his own restaurant. THAT made me proud to be a chef, and collegue of this man. The chef dissapeared into the back, and then re-appeared in the cooks window. he had shed the sport coat, and was rolling up his sleeves. he began taking orders from the wheel, and settled into the cook station. i ordered the Cecina with Queso Fresco Enchiladas, and my girl ordered the Shrimp and Nopales in Red Mole. we started with an appetizer of guacamole. when it came to the table it was a large heap of guacamole sprinkled with queso fresco, and flanked by some tostadas. the Gucamole was excellent. the crispy tostadas gave way perfectly to compliment the texture of the avocados. when the food arrived, it looked excellent. my cecina was nicely plated alongside 3 small enchiladas spilling with cheese and green chile. the girls mole looked great. we dove in and ate with zeal. the cecina was super flavorful, and just a bit chewy. the enchiladas were an excellet contrast, and compliment, to the steak. i looked over at the girl, and she was fanning herself, and sniffleing. this is a good thing. the food had just enough heat to be noticed, but not too much to be over-powering. we finished our plates, and smiled at each other. this was some seriously good food. as a top off, and as per the chefs recommendation, we decided to order dessert. so we asked for the Capirotada. one word: wow. this dish is worth coming here again, all by itself. the bread was tender bot not mushy, there were chopped dates and dulce de leche ozzing everywhere! it really was superb, and the perfect ending to our meal. we sat there rubbing our full bellies, and talking about how great the food was. we also talked about how excited we were to come back and try everything on the menu. as we talked, i watched as Chef Ricardo played with his young son, and looked completely happy doing so. i seriously envied him, but in a good way. its chefs like him that renew my faith in the future of our culinary tradition. i only hope that someday, i can influence the next generation of chefs, that pass through my classroom doors, to achieve as Chef Ricardo has. i can only hope that some of them will achieve the happiness i saw in him. Muchas Gracias, Senor.
<review# 857,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/25/2011,6/11/2012,1250,1174,12,18,15>Nancy Silverton's highly anticipated burger joint Short Order only opened up shop a couple of weeks ago, but the crowds have caught wind and have made this cool looking spot within the Third Street Farmers Market a destination. Simply put, Short Order dishes out great, quality burgers with a slight twist on American nostalgia. From real cane sugar sodas (Boylan's on draught) to custard milkshakes, this place has something for everyone and offers food that's not only tasty but agriculturally responsible too (grass-fed beef, heirloom tomatoes, etc.) Nancy's Backyard Burger featured crisp bacon, a lean but juicy grass-fed beef blend, comte cheese, and a smooth avocado cream with heirloom tomatoes and iceberg lettuce. Served on a beautiful brioche bun, I enjoyed this burger very much; especially for its subtle char-kissed smokiness. An order of old school fries was enough to serve two people and were crisp shoestrings. We also had an order of Nancy's Favorite Chocolate Chip Cookie which was hot from the oven as well as a lemon soda and a cherry cola. While this meal was a little on the pricier side for lunch at the Farmers Market, it was definitely worth it and didn't break the bank. I'm reserving one star for service, although I'm sure it will get better with time (it always takes a while to work out service kinks). The two hostesses were fantastic though- super friendly and outgoing. However, when we initially took our seats, it did take quite some time before anyone even noticed we were there. Just a tip: If dining on a sunny afternoon, be wary of the counters facing the south side of the patio; it can get a little warm. Additionally, the patio upstairs is also full-service and features fancier burgers like their Pork and Lamb burgers; the wait for those burgers take a little longer, so if you're pressed for time, the menu downstairs is pretty good. They also have a good selection of craft beers (many from California). Best burger in LA? Not quite. But it's got potential! I'll definitely come back to try their other burgers, melts, salads, and even their tofu. Their brunch menu which will launch in 2012 looks promising too.
<review# 858,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,6/10/2012,875,170,18,16,18>In effort to alleviate the Incan and Mayan gods, I offered my stomach and its accompanying appetite as a sacrifice so that we may live beyond 2012. In return, they gave me an experience that I would not forget. Well, at least for the sole hour or so that I had offered my sacrificing services.Here is my account, which is based on true -- yet, a somewhat hazy -- recollection:It was a Tuesday, and as all Tuesdays tend to be, you wonder what's there to do on a Tuesday night. A movie? Well, sometimes you want to make a whole night around a movie. And when you're watching a movie at the heralded Arclight, it's never a bad idea to look for nearby restaurants; especially one within walking distance.Enter: Los Balcones Del PeruMe? I just call it Peruvian food. Because whenever I'm in the area, and someone says  "Hey, let's eat some Peruvian food. It's on me!"  First, I make sure if there's a Candid Camera crew around, because I would jump on that offer, or if it was a matter of wishful thinking. Then, I'm instantly thinking "Ah, Peruvian food.... that means they have no choice but to trust my preference for Los Balcones."And that, my friends, is what I think of when the words "Los Balcones Del Peru" get uttered.Upon entering the establishment, there's a warm, but understated feeling to their decor. It's nice enough to be comfortable and relaxed with friends, but could use more sprucing up fit an atmosphere conducive to dating is desired. The remainder of this review will briefly overview my last dining experience at Los Balcones. As a courtesy, they provided chips and some kind of green salsa. I want to say it was avocado-based, but generally I eat first, ask questions later. And in this case, I haven't asked those questions yet. Regardless, whatever it was, it was tasty and unlike anything I've ever had before; as far as salsas go.The menu keeps thing simple, as any Peruvian restaurant does, and should. Typically, I'm after some type of saltado -- lomo (with rice) or tallarin (with noodles). But there was a dish that intrigued me enough to stray off my familiar path. I chose the   Bistek Patron -- an entree I've never heard of before. Maybe it was the comfort of a familiar tequila that called to me; or perhaps it was the ingredients listed: Grilled rib eye, beans, banana, fried egg, and Chorrillana sauceHow could I *not* pass that up?  Once selected, 2 of my 3 friends opted to follow suit and order the same thing. They all proceeded to tell me how much of a genius I was (ask Fran D. about this, if you truly must), because our once robust conversation had taken a backseat to our eating motions. We simply could not stop. I'm typically not a big fan of beans, but these beans were moist and drenched with the Chorrillana sauce. So that even if the rib eye and egg (which sits atop the melding pot of food on the plate in an over-easy/sunny side up fashion) were to have been polished off first, the beans would still be a tasty meal in it's own rite.And given the timeframe everything was devoured in, it was easly suggested by everyone at our table that we'd probably order this again.And so that ends my recounting of the storied event in time, in which I was able to save our race from being instinct by the end of 2012.  As such, I will gladly pay my respect to the gods by providing repeat visits to their hallowed grounds.#nomnomnom- Will
<review# 859,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2011,6/9/2012,842,430,23,22,23>Gotta up it to 5 stars just because I ate ramen earlier that same night at Santouka and I still wanted to come here.It's that good just as long as you get the combination with either the small fried rice or the shredded pork bowl.Ramen twice in one night.Yeah I'm fat like that.Read my original review for how I really feel about the place.
<review# 860,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2012,6/8/2012,1661,660,22,21,22>Late last Saturday night when I got bored I did what everyone else does, snag a few drinks, wander around, and then go get tattooed. I mean what else is there to do? What, did you say go to sleep? Yea right.When my friend wanted to call it quits I decided 1:00am was far too early to be heading home, lucky for me Yelp said there was a four star tattoo shop right up the block. I was already in Hollywood so why not? You aren't supposed to be drunk when tattooing and conveniently I was just pleasantly buzzed. I rolled in, looked at some books, and decided it was about time I got a little something to commemorate the city that I'm from. I keep moving all over the damn place; Oakland, San Francisco, Los Angeles, so I'd been meaning to get "Milwaukee" represented in ink. What if I forget where I'm from? Well I guess that's no longer an issue, is it..I spoke with Albert, one of the artists, and told him what I was looking for. He was a real cool guy, he drew it up on the spot, adjusted it to my liking and voila, I walked outta there around 2:00am paying less than I'd expect from a Hollywood Blvd shop. Both Albert and the other artist were really chill. We shot the shit, talked about crazy fools out on the boulevard, I watched them physically remove some troublemakers. Good stuff.Truth be told I'll probably be back, it's only a matter of time before my mind wanders off and I decide I feel like getting something new. Good thing I know LA Tattoo will be here waiting for me.
<review# 861,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2012,6/7/2012,782,622,12,17,15>Why have I been going to  regular super markets?!? I didn't realize I've been over paying big time on produce!  El Rancho Supermarket is a small mexican market in the same plaza as the cactus taco stand.Off the top of my head:Roma Tomato's 49 cents per poundHead of Lettuce: 39 cents eachCilantro 4 bunches for 99 centsYellow Onions, red onions, green onions, limes, lemons, fresh jalapeno's all 1/3 of the price compared to a Ralphs, Albertstons, etc., Everything is fresh, maybe even fresher!They also have a large butcher counter. The meats look great, I didn't get a chance to check the price.  I was so happy as I walked out spending a mere $2.50 for about 10 different items from the produce section.  Score!
<review# 862,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2011,6/5/2012,181,30,23,49,44>The Hat. What more can I say? This place is known for their excellent service, the huge portions, and of course the Pastrami! After all if you're ever going to come here for any reason whatsoever, it would have to be the Pastrami!The food here is great and the portions are well worth the price so it's a nice place to share some food and have some conversation. Their pastrami is packed with meat so it can get a little messy but that doesn't distract it from how tasty it is! Douse it with a little bit of their hot mustard on it and it's Pastrami heaven! I also highly recommend their cheese fries as it is kind of The Hat's unsung hero. Granted it looks like a giant "heart attack" with the amount of chili, cheese, and fries that they put into it but it's very good! Just be prepared to not be able to move for a couple of hours after you eat them, haha! Overall, The Hat is a great little place to check out if you're ever in the Pasadena area craving for some good Pastrami and some Chili Cheese Fries. Just be sure to bring your appetite along with you because you're going to be leaving this place a few pounds heavier than you came in. But trust me, you'll be glad you did!
<review# 863,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2012,6/3/2012,476,584,16,23,21>I came here with some Yelp Buddies and I think we're all pretty picky people with different preferences, but we all left pleased by this place :) Customers here are immediately greeted and welcomed. The owner, Romel, and the workers have a friendly smile on their faces, giving this small restaurant a homely atmosphere. The owner even remembers his customer's names. Major props!! The food is amazing. It is freshly made to order and completely customized to your preference. I really like how you pay a flat rate for your food without getting changed 50cents per topping you want like some places. When I came here I ordered the ZOMBIE FRIES :) with swiss, pepperjack, provolone, caramelized onions, mushrooms, sun dried tomatoes, and honey mustard!! (yeahhh im a fatty)!! It was SOOOO GOOOODDDD!!!!!!!!!! It's basically all the ingredients I liked on beautifully sliced fries *droolz* Some of the other Yelpers got the cheesesteak and that looked hella good too. I will definitely be coming back to try that :D My ONLY complaint about this place would be the fact that they area bit small. I can see them flourish as a larger business, but they're still great as they are now. I remember he was saying he was making renovations and stuff, so it shows that he is just trying to perfect his business before he expands and stuff. I am looking forward to seeing them grow as a business :)
<review# 864,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/8/2012,6/2/2012,5000,1442,22,25,15>2nd balcony seats (3rd floor) is great for 1) stargazing, 2) talking to God, 3) if your part of the crew hired to fix something on the ceiling, 4) you're an astronaut, 5) casting for a "Hair Club for Men" commercial (seeing tops of heads is extraordinary), 6) you bring snow with you, and want to ski down a very steep decline down to the stage, and/or 7) making you feel bad that you should have coughed up more for better tickets.  It is not good for: feeling anywhere near part of the stage.  However, when they're free tickets, they're FANTASTIC!Folks, this is not a classic theatre.  Instead, it's a state-of-the-art, perfectly built one with absolutely wonderful sound.  Although I could not see that well, I certainly could hear EVERYTHING beautifully.  I look forward to attending another event here, but with much better seats. Outside of the theatre are beautiful fountains, and some small tent-style eateries.  Inside, light snacks, drinks, and a small bar.  Valet parking is outrageous ($23).AMERICAN IDIOT ----(April 8, 2012)  While I am a big Green Day fan, I found it long (accentuated by no intermission), the choreography for the most part -- repetitive, and way too many songs (20?).  Most of songs were performed too similarly to the originals (and in no way close to being as good as the real thing, as if a cover band did it), while several songs were amazingly performed ("21 Guns", and especially the closing number of "Time of your life" with the entire cast of 18 singers playing 18 guitars), and most of the other songs and performances were just "okay".   Overall, lots of great talent but underwhelmed by the musical production.It's was actually better to see/hear live, but for an example performance of "Time of your life", check out this version with Billy Joe on Broadway (who actually played the lead during the first 2 months in New York), youtube.com/watch?v=9Dw6…Note to parents, Tipper Gore, and the sensitive: tons of F-bombs, drug & drinking references, and a very graphically simulated sex scene.Note to ragers, druggies, and porn addicts: tons of F-bombs, drug & drinking references, and a very graphically simulated sex scene.
<review# 865,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/13/2012,6/1/2012,877,577,15,20,20>Welcome to Old Town Monrovia, Cafe LuMar. (Opened January 2012)"LuMar" is a combination of the owners children's names, Lucia and Mario. They are a family owned & run business, with 2 sisters being the owners. They're located on the south side of Colorado Blvd east of Myrtle, next to La Adelita and across from Big Shrimps Fish Grill. (If you are a local in the area, the location used to be Comos Pizza & Pimienta Restaurant. ) Cafe LuMar has a very small and simple menu. They offer salads, crepes, paninis, fresh baked desserts and sell imported goods from Croatia. Open for Lunch Monday - SaturdayDinner is on Fridays only.Closed on SundaysItems I've tried so far:====================================*LuMar platter (great taste on the smoked meat. One had a hint of spiciness, the other had a smooth smokey flavor. The cheese was sharp, and the pressed bread wasn't hard. It was crunchy and still chewy in the middle. *Chicken Scallopini (The veggies on the side were just a tad undercooked and not that seasoned, BUT the sauce on the chicken had a punch of flavor, tangy & savory. I would order this again)*Caprese Crepe (love the texture of the crepe on this one and it has Mozzarella cheese, basil & tomato inside and a side of salad)*Strawberry Jam Crepe (no fresh strawberries inside, but the jam was nice)Everything was good, owners and staff were very welcoming & friendly. The young chef even came out to greet us after our meal.
<review# 866,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2011,5/31/2012,1355,253,48,41,38>Damn you. You ruined my life. I hate you. I want you so bad it hurts. I was fine without you. I had it all figured out. Then you came around and ruined me for all others. Wrecked my well-manicured plans. Set the bar too high for others to ever follow. Pandora's box. Ripped open. What in the hell am I gonna do now?! I wish we'd never met. I don't wanna know what heaven is like till I get there. But now I do. Damn you. Dearest Yelp: I'm on a diet. I've done it before, I'll probably do it again. I've lost and gained weight too many times. It's time to do it again. Yelp's outstanding authors enlightening me ain't helping the cause. I'd like to blame you guys for turning me on to the best food in town, I'd like to blame constantly meeting up at restaurants with the amazing Yelp crowd, I'd even like to blame my new-found food allergies for totally changing my previous diet of power bars and Lean Cuisine, but sadly there is no one to blame but plain old me. I love to eat! (never trust a skinny Yelper) Sorry Yelp, I'm putting the foot down. These reviews will no longer be delicious. My apologies in advance. Salads and vegetables is what you are gonna get. It might not be as delicious for you guys, but looking delicious is the new goal, so there you go. The good news about dieting is that I actually LIKE fruits and vegetables. More than anything else. I'm not crazy about junk food. Low-fat, low-sugar yogurt is actually my preference when it comes to ice cream and gelato. But Carmella? Sheesh! Way to up the anti! I'm gonna have to avoid this place with my life's blood now. My legs might carry me to you against my will. Slut that I am, I might cheat on this diet and end up here anyway. Damn your embrace for feeling so good. I am powerless against your charms. You've commandeered the vessel that moves me. Stolen the keys to my car and driven me to you. I hate you. Today I'll not think of you. I can do it. Mind over matter. I can resist you. Who am I kidding? I can't stop thinking about you. But I'm not coming over. I can resist you for one more day. I hope. The fresh lychees in the freezer are just going to have to cut it in place of you when it comes to tasting something sweet. *sigh* There is no substitute for your taste now that I know it. Street parking only. Standing room only. Salted caramel. (three stars) Lemon basil sorbet. (five stars) Honey Lavender. (four stars) Price is a little high but you are worth it babe. Damn you for being so good at what you do Carmella. Damn you for being so good. Post Script. Damn you! For being so irresistible. Cardamon. (five stars) Lemon Verbena Vanilla. (five stars) Intelligentsia Espresso. (three stars) How could I ever resist you? DAMN you! For being so good.
<review# 867,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,5/30/2012,536,155,28,26,27>4 words: OFTEN IMITATED. NEVER DUPLICATED.When I have an off day, I:1. Drive to my nearest Boiling Crab.2. Surf Instagram during the inevitable wait for a table.3. Order half a pound of shrimp in the Whole Sha-Bang (medium) --- extra garlic*.4. Order 2 corn on the cobs and 1 order of potatoes (equals 3 medium-sized red potatoes) in Whole Sha-Bang (medium) --- extra garlic*, separate bag to prevent potatoes from soaking up all the sauce for the shrimp.5. Add an order of king crab legs, if necessary (for those days your boss decides to take a dump on you).6. Put on a bib, and CHOW DOWN.Asian comfort food at its best.PS This location has some super cute waitresses. You're welcome.*garlic makes the world go 'round
<review# 868,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2012,5/29/2012,3365,753,40,39,37>Seeing as how this is my 400th review...I figured I'd keep it classy.Here goes....At the end of the night I let a Peruvian dude put his balls in my mouth and they were almost as awesome as the FEAST he laid before us that night.yelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…I have been a fan of Ricardo Zarate ever since I sampled his ceviche and seco de cordero at Mo-Chica almost 2 yrs ago.  Picca is Zarate's sophomore effort and he hits it out of the fu*king park my friends.I brought my little sister here for her birthday dinner so cocktails were in order....PISCO SOURyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…I only had a sip...but it was the perfect blend of sweet and sour.  Pisco, egg white, lime juice, simple syrup and bitters....damn tasty.ZARATE'S TOMAHAWK #15yelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…It packed such an awesome punch I had to restrain myself from ordering another one cuz I had to drive home!  Rocoto infused mezcal, fresh lemon juice, agave nectar, fresh huacatay and cucumber foam. shaken. Fu*king delicious.on to the food.... shall we?CAUSA ALBACOREyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…Some tasty albacore atop a "mashed potatoesqe" cube of sorts...complimented with a nice garlic chip.  The consistency was a bit odd but still pretty good.CHORITOS yelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…Without a doubt. THE BEST MUSSELS I have ever had in my sorry existence on this planet.  The aji butter is absurdly rich and flavorful....and of course, the pancettta makes it sublime.  Huge thanks to Steph C. for the awesome recommendations. Here's a closeup.... yelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq… basically a perfectly steamed mussel drowned in butter and topped with delicious pork.  'nuff said.TRES LECHES DE TIGREyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…Rocoto.  Aji Amarillo.... Sea Urchin Shooters.  3 individually fabulous shooters incorporating various citrusy sour flavors with the richness of the sea urchin.  Genius.ANTICUCHO SCALLOPSyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…The aji amarillo aioli went perfect with the scallop and wasabi peas...pretty good, but not great.ANTICUCHO CORAZONyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…Perfectly cooked beef heart with a rocoto walnut sauce.  So damn good it deserved a closeup pic.yelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…ridiculous.BISTECK A LO POBREyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…Another absurdly fantastic dish....On the surface...it's basically, steak, an egg, some banana and some chickpeas.  At it's core...it is culinary magnificence...it's flavors are beyond words.  Another Steph C. winner by the way.CARAPULCRAyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…I was far too stuffed at this point to be able to enjoy black cod with peanuts, peruvian sun dried potato stew and chimichurri...but I did. and it was great.CHICHARRON DE COSTILLASyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…I was so excited when this dish hit the table I kinda just grabbed at it maniacally and ravaged it without first taking a pic.  The pic above is the resulting carnage of tender yet crispy pork ribs crostini, sweet potato puree, feta cheese sauce and a wonderful salsa criolla.  PORK DONE RIGHT!  Ciara G. knows exactly what I'm talking about!BONBON CHURRO BALLSyelp.com/biz_photos/dcWq…Hot, sweet and slightly salty Peruvian balls my friends.  What a better way to end a feast.Now...I'm tempted to go into excruciating detail about how much I enjoyed those warm balls in my mouth...but I won't....Cuz I'm a classy son of a bitch.
<review# 869,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/6/2012,5/28/2012,1522,1094,25,20,18>Elizabeth's bakery expanded but they still run out of bread, very popular, come early, get it fresh but I even enjoy it several hours after it has been baked. Today, in addition to the pan dulce I had some bolio bread brought over by a relative and it was outstanding. The bolio (French bread) was softer and sweeter than most French bread from Mexican bakeries I know. They have a balance of consistency and soft texture which allows you to use this bread to toast, make as part of a sandwich, eat with beans inside or just as is.The Blonde concha which looks off-yellow concha (not to be confused with the standard yellow concha which they have) had a little button on top in the middle of the bread, a relative refers to it as a belly button. If I lived in South Gate I would be a regular everyday customer of Elizabeth's Bakery. I have tasted bread from here in the 80, 90's and now in 2012 and I still love it, most of my relatives also love it, actually, all of my relatives love it.This was my first time tasting the Blonde color concha though I always enjoyed their brown concha, white concha, cookies, muffins, strawberry jam rolls and much more. They also have warm coffee and Mexican chocolate. The style of this bakery, their quality product, the loyal following of its customers makes it such an awesome business. The unique flavor of the Blonde concha made this a memorable tasting experience. I think of what the band One Direction thought of in their song "What Makes You Beautiful" because I know what makes this Blonde concha so beautiful, I can taste it.Song parody of One Direction's 2011 hit song "What Makes You Beautiful"youtube.com/watch?v=QJO3…You make me insecureI know and moreYou're turning heads when you come through the door,Don't need a sugar cupTo cover upTasty and Blonde is more than enoughEveryone else in the room can see it,Everyone else can see youBlondie you light up my world, oh so wellThey way that flaxen style, gets me overwhelmedWith sugar all on top, it ain't hard to tellYou should know,Oh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulPeople see what I can seeYou understand why I want to eat this pastryRight I am looking at this hot BlondieYou should knowOh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulOh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulSo see come on,My hunger is strongHunger I will not fightSo I put it in a songHunger is whyI am so shyAnd feeling like a fool, your pastry so right, right rightEveryone else in the room can see it,Everyone else can see youBlondie you light up my world, oh so wellThey way that flaxen style, gets me overwhelmedWith sugar all on top, it ain't hard to tellYou should know,Oh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulPeople see what I can seeYou understand why I want to eat this pastryRight I am looking at this hot BlondieYou should knowOh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulOh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulNa Na Na Na Na Na Naaa,Na Na Na Na Na Na Na NaNa Na Na Na Na Na Naaa,Na Na Na Na Na Na Na NaBlondie you light up my world, oh so wellThey way that flaxen style, gets me overwhelmedWith sugar all on top, it ain't hard to tellYou should know,Oh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulEveryone else in the room can see it,Everyone else can see youBlondie you light up my world, oh so wellThey way that flaxen style, gets me overwhelmedWith sugar all on top, it ain't hard to tellYou should know,Oh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulPeople see what I can seeYou understand why I want to eat this pastryRight I am looking at this hot BlondieYou should knowOh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulOh oh,Your taste is just so plentifulOh oh,Your taste is just so plentiful
<review# 870,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2012,5/27/2012,331,196,14,16,18>If you've heard Laurel Tavern, Black Market, Tavern on Brand, and if you've been in any of those cool spots, I'm sure you've heard of Federal Bar or might be intrigued to check it out, since it is on the terms of the mentioned and even cooler. I love places with brick walls, open sealing, cool staff, open bar, specialty in beer & wine types, and rock music jamming in the back. Friday night, it's friends night out day (according to me). Especially, with friends you missed spending time with due to life happenings. I didn't find this place first, but I'm glad a friend did, so it is in my 'like list.' Since my friends know my taste and style.Dress code is casualish, after 10pm, there is a line, before, you can get there early and get some small sized yummy bites.They made a great mojito for me, we ordered two types of salads, brusceta with prosciuto, fries, and a delicious dessert; melted brownie in a pan with caramel and vanilla ice-cream. (You might wanna check the photo for that).The salads were good, the brusceta needed more practice, and same the fries, they looked better than they tasted, something was missing. The reason I give 4 stars is because, I loved the service, the venue and I had great time being there.Let me know how your Friday night was @ Federal Bar.p.s. Parking on the street would work!Ta ta
<review# 871,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/26/2012,5/26/2012,408,219,13,14,17>It took me a little time to figure out what I really wanted to say about The Wine Cave. It seems that every wine bar I visit becomes my favorite, I think this says more about the people that run wine bars/shops than it does about me. It's a very friendly industry. If they ever wanted to remake the TV show Cheers and set it in a wine bar this would be the place they would model it after. This is what a neighborhood wine bar should be. Everyone in here seems to know everyone else. This is not a bad thing. I came into this wine bar on a date and all the seats were taken, when one of the regulars saw this he offered me his seat (the one next to him was empty) so that we could sit down. To the kind stranger, I didn't get your name since you disappeared shortly after but thank you. The owner Scott runs the place as if he doesn't need the money. I think his philosophy is to kill you with kindness. I think he figures if he treats you well, you will just keep coming back. More places should be run like this, develop relationships with the locals, treat the people that come on occasion as if they come in all the time and they will return. We bought a bottle to go that night and went back a couple of days later for more wine. If you are there on a weekend just get the tasting. The wine selection is excellent and priced very reasonably. I can't say enough good things about this place.
<review# 872,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/12/2012,5/25/2012,676,626,15,20,21>There is a common lore involved with the much-hated day when we forward our clocks one hour and "Spring Ahead". We grumble about losing an hour of sleep and blame our scapegoat: farmers. So what more perfect day to attend a Farmers Market and see for ourselves the fruits of these farmers' labor? The lost hour didn't seem to effect the Studio City Farmers Market attendance as I arrived to a high-activity marketplace ready for local farmers/store representatives to make some fresh transactions. Parking can be difficult although meters in the area are free on Sundays and the CBS Studio Lot also offers up parking space. Upon entering (the market is free so you can't refuse to wake up and participate based on a lack of funds!), parents can entertain the kiddos with pony rides, a petting zoo, one of those inflatable trampolines that kids seem to love, and a train ride which takes the kids around the neighborhood in a loop. Granted, the ponies look miserable, while the petting zoo is $4.00/child (+ one free adult) and only involves some goats, hamsters, and baby chicks (I'd say this is a ripoff) but at least there is something available for the kids who aren't fascinated by produce.In terms of adult fun, this is an unbeatable Farmers Market! Although only covering one street; the market has an overwhelming amount of vendors/offerings and yet the market is organized, neat, clean, and has more than enough room to walk with your purchases and not have toes run over by baby carriages. The offerings are quite stimulating and cover a wide variety of goods: raw juices/smoothies, desserts, cheeses, oil & vinegars, bath products, jewelry, organic and unique produce, eggs, breads, and an insane (in a good way) amount of fresh "standard" produce. One will find peppers for their salad but also raw cane juice, cheese from Germany, Girl Scout cookies, and even Blood Orange Balsamic Vinegar. The possibilities are endless.Worried that you will work up on appetite gazing at all the delicious fruits and veggies? No problem! One of the best parts (or THE best, in my opinion) of the Farmers Market is that 90% of the stands offer free samples. I sampled (AKA ate) so many fruit samples that I think I basically had my fruit serving for the day. Plus, there are hot food vendors if craving something more filling like a sausage sandwich, empanada, or even Indian Curry. The prices are great and negotiable and the competition is rowdy so you can find a strong economic price market which will satisfy your wallet. Whether you simply want to sample some goodies and have a fun Sunday morning or want to fill your fridge with local products; the Studio City Farmers Market is the creme of the creme. Perhaps, we should thank the farmers that they needed an extra hour of sunlight to harvest these yummy treats.
<review# 873,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2012,5/24/2012,863,938,17,23,19>I have a lot of love for The Back Abbey. Yes, it's in Claremont and a far off drive from central Los Angeles, but I crave this place. It's all about the...+ Excellent beer selection with some hard-to-find-on-tap beers. Scaldis is my usual order.+ The Back Abbey Burger. A juicy beef patty, cooked to a perfect pink medium rare, topped with tangy aged gouda, mustard aioli, caramelized onions, thick-cut Niman Ranch bacon and fresh greens, served in a sweet brioche bun. It's THE burger to eat in east LA (I have been corrected that this isn't quite IE).+ Pomme Frites fried in duck fat and soybean oil. That's right, duck fat. YUM. + Belgian-style mussels steamed in butter, garlic, cream and white wine. Savory and lip-smacking good.I also really enjoy the atmosphere here. It's relaxing to sit and chill with friends in the patio. Inside, The Back Abbey has a rustic, old English pub feel to it. Needless to say, I am here often. 5 stars!
<review# 874,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2011,5/23/2012,605,586,15,21,19>With a name like "Qing Dao Bread Food," this place is ridiculously easy to drive by and simply think "?????"  But, then again, this is quintessentially Monterey Park.  This place isn't about flash, ambiance, and service...it's about the bread food.  Basically...what they're known for is their dumplings.  I can't tell you that I've tried the entire menu, so I can't compare it to din tai fung, luscious dumplings, or dean sin world.  But they have one item so exceptional that I can say that I'm now a fan of this place.  That item will keep me coming back.You should come here to try their "stuffed fried dumplings".  They are unlike anything I've had before.  These "dumplings", filled with leeks, pork, and other aromatics are incredibly flavorful.  The twist with these dumplings are that the skin is thick...almost like bao and they brown the  bottom to give it a crispy crust.   They serve these dumplings with a strong sauce that's flavored with ginger and garlic in soy sauce and vinegar.   For $6.95 it's great to share.  (Note:  Their pork stuffed dumplings are more flavorful than their pork and shrimp stuffed dumplings).Note:  If you can't communicate with the guys behind the counter, use your yelp app and show them a picture of what you want.  ;)Like other places in Monterey Park, it's "cash only".  But this place is a great family-owned hidden gem is worth making a stop at the ATM for!
<review# 875,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2011,5/22/2012,707,1492,15,8,8>HI! I JUST STEPPED OUTSIDE TO MAKE A PHONE CALL AND THE TRAIN CAME!  WOW IS THAT LOUD!  WHAT?! WHAT!? HOLD ON!  I'M BACK INSIDE NOW! EVERYONE IS STARING AT ME! Oh. You can hear me now?  Cool.I like this place.  I don't know why it is called Boomers.  Baby-Boomers? Booming train horns?Anyway, great service, good products, wifi and they open at 5am M-F.Sweet.  As a morning person (early or late thru 'til morn ) I appreciate a coffeehouse that is open with the dawn.THANKS FOR READING MY REVIEW!  WHAT?! I'LL CALL YOU LATER! BYE!
<review# 876,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2011,5/20/2012,204,293,21,38,19>Elude has been my only medspa experience, so maybe it's unfair to give them 5 stars. However, let me explain:I have ridiculously sensitive skin. RIDICULOUSLY sensitive, and getting progressively more so as I get older. The two biggest triggers are heavily-scented products and pretty much any form of hair removal. (Shaving. Waxing. Nair. You name it.) As far as permanent hair removal goes, this was not my maiden voyage. I'd had a few laser treatments done, ages ago, with ancient technology at my dermatologist's office, and it was really invasive and pretty painful. I am told that, as far as laser hair removal technology goes, Elude is the cream of the crop. Their laser is new, it's fast, it is specifically for hair removal, and it's what they call "painless." Now, these things vary person to person and really, if you want to see any results, it's best if you just grit through the burn and have them crank that shit up to the highest setting. Does it hurt less than the old point-and-shoot lasers? Hell yes. Does it go faster? You bet. Is it truly painless? No way.  But, after my fourth treatment, my hair is growing back much finer and it seems to take it's sweet time in doing so. The scars I have from irritations past are starting to fade and my skin is slowly starting to look like that of a normal person. Laser treatments ain't cheap (I get my underarms and my crotch done and it's about $200 a session,) but it seems worth it, knowing that one day I'll probably never have to deal with shaving.Megan usually works the front desk and she's very pleasant and chatty. I see Bonnie for laser treatments and she's funny, droll, and matter-of-fact. She doesn't sugar-coat anything, which is a paramount quality when it comes to selecting an individual who is about to take a laser gun to your private parts. People are nice and I don't get a snooty vibe, like many salons, etc. seem to give off. Tidy and clean, too. Highly recommended.
<review# 877,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/23/2011,5/19/2012,515,251,20,28,23>Amazing food & amazing serviceI took my friend here for his birthday in hopes to try something new and surely we did!You'll surely miss the restaurant if you drive too quickly down Robertson Blvd. Parking is easy if you come after 6PM where there's a lot of space & free street parking. I loved the door that you enter through because I felt like I was entering a Moroccan home.AMBIANCE: The place is dimly lit & very sexy with its red decorations + candles. I read in previous reviews that it's not that romantic during the day so definitely go at night. The seats are actually plush booth seats that line across the restaurant. I definitely felt like I was at a lounge, which I like!We ordered the tasting menu, which featured 7 courses. As we were seated, we were immediately served some type of squash puree. It was warm and started our meal right.FOOD: in order of courses1) HUMMUS (Served with marinated olives and Berbere bread)- The bread was so warm and soft and yummy but I thought the hummus was a little salty. 2) ANAHEIM GREEN PEPPERS SALAD (Diced Anaheim green peppers, diced apples and shallots, marinated in house vinaigrette, topped off with a scoop of lemon sorbet and fresh raspberries)- YUM!!!! This salad surprised us with the sorbet but all the flavors blended really well. It was light, refreshing, and felt very healthy. AND I love that there were figs.3) BASTILLA (A light layer of phyllo with Cornish hen and scrambled eggs, sprinkled with saffron and powered sugar)- YUMM this kind of reminded me of a meat pie from Porto's. It was a perfect amount of sweet and salty flakiness paired with a generous amount of meat. YUM.... this was so flavorful and good4) SHRIMP (Marinated in preserved lemon, sautéed, served with Turnips and a reduced lemon sauce, finished with extra virgin olive oil)-  So juicy and plump and delicious! The sauce was seasoned just right.5) SEA BASS (Roasted pan stripe bass with Chermoula sauce, served with oyster mushrooms and lentils)- YUM YUM YUM, I love that it came with oyster mushrooms. The bass was cooked in paper to keep the fish warm and juicy and tender.6) LAMB HONEY SAUCE (Marinated in the seven spices, finished with dates and prunes, served with Couscous)- they serve the lamb chops on a stone plate. The meat was a bit overcooked and a tad salty.7) APPLE TARTE (Served with a chocolate soup and Vanilla ice cream)- I'm glad I was served this dessert after. It canceled out the saltiness of the lamb and had a perfect combination of hot and cold.Overall, my experience was pretty incredible. It is definitely worth trying!
<review# 878,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2012,5/18/2012,432,279,19,22,15>Two songs come to mind; "Bend me shape me anyway you want me" and "Lay your hands on me"Never have I been violated so precisely and nicely. And I needed to be violated. The bad energy flow in my poor stressed out bones and muscles needed to be taught a lesson damn it!Immediately upon walking in, my stress level dropped. A fountain glows in the corner, and there is an opaque plastic back lit scene of a bamboo forest that goes floor to ceiling. Smoove but not obnoxious Brazilian jazz is playing and the rule here is "Silence is golden" Foot charts with their corresponding pressure points are hung on the walls here and there, and extremely comfortable lazy boy style massage benches are laid out next to each other. No partitions.I opted for the full body massage which is one hour and between the hours of 11 to 3 is only $20 plus a $10 tip to your technician/healer. I tipped more.My guy started off slow. For 20 minutes I lay down with a towel over my eyes, feet soaking in hot water while my face, scalp, and even the inside of my ears were massaged and anointed. Chinese Reflexology is more than about just the feet, there are pressure points everywhere that need to be attended to. It got intense a short time later with my masseur at one point on all fours on top of me, jamming his kneecaps into my buttocks and running them down the length of the back of my leg while his elbows kneaded my shoulders and back. At another time, he was putting so much pressure on me that he was literally pushing all of the breath out of me and I would gasp for air in between compressions. I am not complaining folks. If this is done correctly, it is as pleasant as it is unpleasant. The idea of Chinese Reflexology according to the owner, is for the technician to find the source of your problem and HEAL it. And I definitely felt HEALED!I was a loopy babbling mess afterward and even grabbed the hands of my technician as he bowed to me and thanked him. I double tipped for me and my lovely Tai Chi Princess friend who's birthday it was (which is why I was there to begin with). The good karma must have paid off because I was riding high on this massage for a week! My energy flowed, my lower back pain flew away and I was raving to my coworkers about this place right across the street they should go to at lunch!If I ever space out, I like to say "Sorry, I went to the Bahamas for a second" ala Steve Martin. That's now changing to the Himalayas!
<review# 879,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,5/17/2012,971,448,53,53,54>How does one turn down a free cheesecake sample? S/he doesn't, which is how I ended up at Pacific Cheesecake Company's tiny-but-efficient counter one sunny Glendale afternoon. The conversation went something like this:Cheesecake dude: Hey, you! Want to try a free cheesecake sample?Me: You had me at "hey, you."That creamy sample of their pumpkin cheesecake led to two mini Snickers cheesecakes and a sample of their red velvet, a mini eclair for my boyfriend--handpicked by the darling man behind the counter as the largest, "so we'd keep coming back"--and recurring dreams of their savory cheesecake menu. All for some six odd dollars. Glorious is an understatement. You know what that means? I've a new reason to get fat in Glendale. Five stars!
<review# 880,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2012,5/16/2012,456,372,42,29,31>UPDATE:  September 7, 2012I salivated for a Root Beer Joe's Sandwich and went there only to find out that they went out of business...it is turning into another restaurant called "FLOAT" in a few weeks.Everybody Yelp! now!At Root Beer Joe's in a shop on South LAKEThey great sandwiches MAKE  They will WAKEYour MINDTo a new sandwich KINDChomp to the rhythmChomp chomp to the rhythmChomp First thing that DEFINEDTheir sandwich from the RESTWith ZESTIt's Dutch CRUNCHA bread that packs PUNCHYou'll love it a BUNCHYelpers! Please PLEASEPick a meat then a CHEESEWatch the sandwich maker with EXPERTISEA VIRTUOSOA MICHELANGELOSculpt a masterpiece, gonna make you say "WHOA!"Everybody hereEverybody thereIt's their special SAUCEWith garlic they EMBOSSIt's the secret that makes this sandwich BOSSGarlic each BITE (YUM!)Tasty DELIGHT Gonna stank yo breath. . . babyRoot Beer Joe you will blameYou'll spit complimentsBut you can't spit gameYo breath...breathWith the garlic in controlYour macking skills have gone down a holeEverybody Yelp! now!Little Lucca in SF made sandwiches the bestAnd trust me, I've put a lot of sammies to the testI found a Little Lucca place now down southNot the same, but the closest thing to enter my mouthGarlic each BITE (YUM!)Tasty DELIGHT Gonna stank yo breath. . . babyRoot Beer Joe you will blameYou'll spit complimentsBut you can't spit gameYo breath...breathWith the garlic in controlYour macking skills have gone down a holeEverybody Yelp! now!
<review# 881,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2011,5/15/2012,368,157,26,18,20>Part 6 of a Series: The PMD Chronicles (How I Fell in Love with a Murderer)Across the street from the most glorious Thai restaurant in Los Angeles is a 99 cent store. Why am I telling you this? Because after eating at Jitlada, you will need to pop into the discount mart to purchase a pregnancy test (for one dollar) to confirm that you are indeed knocked up...with flavor!Before I made it out to Los Angeles this time, I polled a group of friends on where I should eat with my murderer. Time and time again, the same few restaurant names were mentioned: Providence, Animal, Son of a Gun, Pizzeria Mozza, and of course, Jitlada. Tucked in the corner of an unassuming strip mall in Thai Town, you'd never think this gaudily decorated space would serve some of the finest food you'll ever eat, but it does. Don't believe me? Fine: ask Matt Groening, whose personalized Simpsons doodles festoon the walls.Do you know how difficult it is to render two loquacious lookers silent?  It ain't easy, but your best bet is to either challenge their genius with a pop quiz on Hitchcock trivia or feed them the oxtail curry from Jitlada. My suggestion? Go with the latter. Fiery, complex and deeply, profoundly beautiful, this dish, unctuous with collagen and heavily spiced will restore your faith in humanity, or, at the very least, banish a head cold.Think mussels are no big deal? You thought wrong. The New Zealand steamed mussels arrive in a perfumed broth that you will try to ignore at first in favor of the plump bivalves. But that liquid will seduce you with a chili spiked heat that hints of lemongrass and basil. You will wind up spooning it into your mouth as if you were Ponce de Leon. Maybe you'll shave a few years off (I won't tell if you're using Botox). Do not miss the Crying Tiger, preferably in beef. On a subsequent visit, we had the pork, and while that was flavorful and appealing, the pretty sister usually has a much more lovely one. In this case, the bovine is the real beauty. It's just the way love goes, Janet Jackson. Don't forget to douse it in the red chili flecked oil that comes to the side. Perhaps spoon it over everything, even your water.Plaa Pear, the deep fried red snapper filets served with coconut and basil fritters, were addictive and crunchy. Morning glory salad, consisting of deep fried watercress topped with marinated shrimp, was a study in contrasting textures. Jungle curry was nearly spicy enough to be incendiary and a dining companion needed to request the fresh vegetable & ice "salad" to cool her mouth down. (I secretly judged her as a wimp.)On our first visit, we were so visibly smitten that the server gave us his own "cheat sheet," circling suggestions on a take out menu for us based on what we had initially ordered. He beamed with such pride and we could not stop gushing over just how much we truly enjoyed that meal. It was so gorgeous that we actually rescheduled our "fancy pants" dinner later that evening for another night because we had overindulged to the point of bursting.Now back to the 99 cent store across the way. They also sell antacid and gas relief pills. Pick some up while you're getting that pregnancy test. At a dollar each, you'd be a fool not to get three of everything! Trust me on this: you'll need them all at some point in your life. Best to be prepared.In my case, the results came back positive! Jitlada: I love you and will bear all your children to term. I don't care if you're seeing other people - in my heart, you will always be the true father of this food baby.
<review# 882,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2012,5/14/2012,507,712,16,18,18>Both times I have been to Spain Restaurant service has been attentive and courteous! Both the hostess and server always had a smile and made sure everything was just right at our table. The hostess in particular is very charismatic.We had the Paella Mixta which is about $30. It is quite enough for two people!  It has seafood, chicken and Spanish Sausage in it. The sausage was my favorite part. It's really good! There were mussels and clams in it too which were quite fresh and tasty. The rice itself was very tasty too! I really like the consistency of the rice in their paella! We also had two spinach empanadas. They were slightly better than OK. I did like the fact they did not come too hot! We also got Spanish olives and they opened my BF's eyes! He loves his olives!We did not order sangria though we probably should have.The decor is cool enough. They have cute little Spanish hand held fans ob the wall. Nice flamenco music was played this time. They also have some soccer decorations on the wall. There are widescreen TVs in case you want to watch a Spanish soccer game! There is a pretty big deli counter where you can get Manchego cheese and different types of cold meats like Jamon Serrano and several different kinds of Spanish Sausage.There are a bunch of people that have given this place one star - none are elite. I think Spain suffers from the fact that it is not located in the best part of Silver Lake. Instead of worry about the surroundings people should worry about the food. Of note is the fact that the second time we came here we spotted the owners of the very successful Bell restaurant La Casita Mexicana dining here once. That says more than enough about Spain Restaurant in my opinion! Places like Casita Mexicana and Spain Restaurant may be off the beaten path and away from the more trendy and hipster parts of town but they deserve recognition nonetheless!Parking is no problem as they have a medium sized lot!What did Elites think about this place? The overall Elite rating of this place is 3.5 stars.
<review# 883,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2012,5/13/2012,694,745,21,25,18>3-item combo, rice, soup, and milk tea for around $5? Pretty good deal I must say. I haven't tried every item here (I don't even know what some of them are) but for the money, the food I've tried definitely exceeds the expectations.The items here are not the Americanized fast food Chinese ones, but more the authentic type. Various fish/seafood, pork, beef, chicken, internal organs, egg, and vegetable/tofu dishes round out the items. The only gripe I have on the items is that the bone-in meat items have bone chips that you need to spit out; probably the result of chopping everything up with the cleaver knife. But I can't really complain when I paid so little.No need to do a double take when you see the place is occupied by a lot of Hispanics at times. They love good cheap food just as much as Asians do!This is a great place to come when you feel like all the yelping has been raping your wallet.
<review# 884,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2012,5/12/2012,484,473,10,15,12>This review is for Lucille's to-go! The family and I started with the Lucille's Appetizer Platter. A huge platter of pork rib tips, fried dill pickles, onion straws, fried green tomatoes, Dixie egg rolls, fried okra, chicken strips and a tri-tip quesadilla. I loved the four options of dipping sauces, oh so good. The sweet BBQ sauce hits the spot on all of these options.Next on the list was the BBQ Two Meat Combo Platter. We ordered the BBQ half chicken and baby back ribs with some corn. The final item on the list was the Lucille's Pulled Pork Sandwich with some mac and cheese. My wife ordered some additional sides of baked beans and the vegetable medley. This was enough food to tame the entire family and send us into food comma. Can't forget about the sweet bread. That alone was worth waiting in line for 10 minutes to get my order to-go. I really enjoyed how the staff member took out the food from the bag to make sure everything I ordered was correct before leaving. Nice move Lucille's.    That makes me a Fan, 4 stars 4 sure.
<review# 885,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,5/11/2012,696,157,25,26,26>This is THEE place to come to for hot wings!!!!My fav are the lemon pepper, spicy BBQ and lime chile. I will drive allll the way down the 5 fwy to the 60 for this place. That's how good it is. And there's usually a wait for a table but it's soo worth it. Pizza is bomb as well. Service is great. Both the hostess and servers are always friendly.I'm totally hyping this place to everyone I know.Your Homegirl,Violy
<review# 886,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,5/10/2012,2159,644,21,50,45>I have been here few times already and this place just keeps getting better!  They added healthy options to their menu and added a whole bunch of heat lamps and a nice fire pit (refer back to my previous review).  I have fallen in love with their Fried chicken and you will too if you tried them yourself ;) If you are craving some lite bite, try their flat breads.  Thanks to their very talented mixologists, their specialty drinks are amazing!  My favorites are the Lexington, Wicked and Super Hero (It comes with pop-rock candies! how fun is that!!!)I recommend you make reservations before you go because this place is getting very popular!
<review# 887,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2012,5/9/2012,2719,2132,44,58,45>What a beautiful, clean, and colorful cosmetic store.  The place was just opened 2 weeks ago.  The owner of this store is the same as Tokyo Japanese Lifestyle.I ran inside to look for my favorite mascara and eyeliner.  Found them!!! =XThis place sells similar items they sell at Mitsuwa, Nijiya and Marukai markets.  They sell beauty stuff from head to toe.  I saw mascara, fake eyelashes, shampoo, japanese hosiery, hair color, oil blotting paper, cotton buds and anything else you can imagine.I got excited when I saw my favorite Japanese brands here:- Dr Ci Labo skincare products.- Tsubaki hair products- I use the shampoo, conditioner & hair treatment.  2 of my friends copied me =P- Kanebo Naive bodywash and facial wash-tried the facial wash.- Palty & Gatsby hair colors.- Kiss Me mascara.- DollyWink eyelashes.- Shiseido facewash-love its perfect oil facewash.- DHC skincare products.No picture please!!  The lady stopped me when I was snapping pictures.  I told her not to worry and I'd post these on yelp.  Obviously she didn't know what yelp was because she was still hesitant.  Vote on the pictures to show her that I wasn't lying.  The things I do for YELP ;)Get your parking ticket validated with $10 purchase.  You have to bring your receipt to Tokyo Japanese Lifestyle to get it stamped.5 stars!!  Woohoo!!  As good as it gets!Sexify and beautify using Make Asobi products.
<review# 888,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2011,5/8/2012,2022,408,14,23,16>My first impression was, "Hole in the wall restaurant, leaves no hole in your wallet!"You know they are the experts when the tacos are the only things on their menu. Fish tacos or shrimp tacos, those are your only choices. It's cash only, and it's so cheap for this delicious meal. When you're up to order you're greeted with the most simple menu: fish taco, shrimp taco, and drinks. Love that. And right next to the cashier is the fryer where these delicious, finely breaded fishies get dunked in hot oil. Comes out so crispy and hot on the outside, soft, warm, an flaky on the inside.The salsa is definitely SPICY. Be careful with the salsa. Nonetheless, the kick in your mouth is the perfect dressing to the fish tacos.The lasting impression? "Simple, cheap, good eats in Hollywood. It's at Ensenada!"
<review# 889,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2011,5/7/2012,3695,1087,35,34,30>If you are uncomfortable getting butt ass naked in front of people, this might not be the place for you. If you want to see gorgeous, sculpted, naked bodies...this is also not the place for you.There is verrrrry little privacy at Wii, and I wouldn't say that this spa is very serene or peaceful...but you are still able to relax and enjoy all the different saunas.I really enjoyed my experience here. It was a little intimidating and weird at first, but once  you get past the fact that EVERYONE is getting naked...it wont bother you so much.CELEBRITY SPOTTING: I was at Wii overnight and saw Vanessa Hudgens and Grace Topher having dinner in the cafeteria after midnight!!!!!
<review# 890,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2012,5/6/2012,310,859,13,15,15>If you ever get tired of waiting an hour to get into Daikokura, you might consider something else next door.  The Fat Spoon has been open for a couple of months and is another one of Michael Cardenas' openings in Little Tokyo along with Toranoko and Lazy Ox, this one specializes in innovative curry and pasta dishes...The interior is narrow but comfortable like all of the other businesses in the area with bench seating on either side of the aisle down the middle which opens up to individualized counter style seating in front of the chefs preparing your meal.  We were able to nab one of the two conventional tables for 2/4 right in front of the restaurant where from my vantage point I could continue to see the people congregating for ramen next door.  Above me posted on the wall was a blackboard which had listed all of the specials...yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuf_…We started with an order of the Uni Croquette as an appetizer, two deep fried lightly panko(?) crusted golf balls that were tasty enough that they didn't need any of the accompanying tonkotsu sauce.  The creamy uni inside was not fishy or slimey at all and is like a pate or rillette in consistency, delicate and moist almost custard like, it held together quite well...yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuf_…  Because the weather temperature has been relatively cold lately, one of their popular offerings has been the Minestrone Soup.  The tomato consomme base had a fine medley of  vegetables including diced tomatoes, onions, carrots, corn, broccoli, and asparagus.  Also included were two ground beef and pork meatballs with a cabbage wrap, it reminds me of a Polish recipe I think, or almost like a cabbage wrapped wonton as well...yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuf_…The Beef Tongue Curry was everything that we had hoped for in a beef tongue dish:  whole pieces of tongue covered with a mild curry sauce over a bed of fluffy white rice.  The tongue was slightly chewy but not tough, and had a slight white peppery taste to it which is not typically a characteristic but added an interesting twist to the recipe.  The curry was very mild and reminded me of the brown Japanese curry flavor that I have had at the Curry House chain which tends to be on the sweet/savory side like brown gravy.  I'm guessing that it's a very neutral curry that goes well with other dishes on the menu such as the hamburger steak or the chicken which is why they use it.  The waiter had brought out some excellent condiments to accompany the curry:  pickled scallions and radishes, and a garlic rayu oil...yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuf_…I have a pretty good Crimini Ragu recipe that I love to throw together with spaghetti pasta at home which is pretty similar to the Uni w/Mushroom Pasta that we had.  The uni however adds a taste dimension to the creamy mushroom sauce that simply works and is happily soaked up by tossing it with the al dente cooked Semolina spaghetti noodles;  there's no blandness here.  There was also some grated Parmesan cheese provided to go along with the pasta.  My wife was saying that they have a dish that was something like this at the Curry House, but I was thinking more like Cafe Hiro in Cypress...yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuf_…Chef's rendition of a baked Alaska dessert was when he hollowed out a sweet potato into a hemisphere and filled it with twice baked sweet potato followed by a generous scoop of vanilla ice cream on top of it and drizzled with and floating in a moat of melted caramel and cinnamon which was cloyingly sweet and spicy except that it mated perfectly with the otherwise bland starchiness of the vanilla mashed sweet potato.  Another interesting and innovative dish...yelp.com/biz_photos/Tuf_…Service was even and attentive by everyone we encountered this evening, refilling our ice teas on more than one occasion and removing our used dishes in a timely manner.  Our waiter made useful suggestions and seemed genuinely interested in our feedback without being patronizing...I wouldn't hesitate to give this place 5 stars except for the fact that they ran my Amex card initially on the wrong tab resulting in an 80 something dollar charge that wasn't ours.  Although our waiter apologized immediately and explained the error to us and also reversed the charges, this is just something that should never, ever happen and is something that is very hard for me to just overlook and forgive.  Minus a star for their unfortunate faux pas...In spite of this I would still love to come back again and try their much heralded Tarako pasta some time...
<review# 891,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2012,5/5/2012,718,358,12,19,15>Breakfast/Brunch ReviewMomed is a wonderful place to catch up with your friends over breakfast with their clean decor and full sunlight bursting into the restaurant. When you first walk in during the day, the place feels modern and clean. Momed is not your typical  breakfast diner restaurant with eggs and bacon, it's breakfast with a Mediterranean twist!Below is what I tasted and some of it was completely new to me, which was a pleasant welcome. -Mediterranean Breakfast Plate - The marinated olives on here were amazing. I've never been an olive type of girl, but I'm enjoying it more and more with each olive experience. I didn't try the cheese since it was Feta (goat milk base), but the brown cubes stuff on it was refreshingly different than anything I've had. I don't know what it's called, but it was sweet and tasted like soft sesame that crumbles inside your mouth. Give it a shot! The Cucumbers and Tomatoes was just a good pairing to clear out your pallet to begin with! -Khachapouri - Kaseri Cheese-I can't even pronounce this plate, but it reminded me of a pizza with pita dough instead. It was flavorful and a good choice for vegetarian with cheese and red onions for topping.-Shakshuka-This dish came in a skillet and had wonderful over easy eggs on top! It was packed with veggies and you got to watch out for the little chili surprise. My poor friend, Val, accidentally ate one and was breathing out fire for the next 5 minutes!-Skillet Omelette-This was the more standard dish that I'm use to, but it still stuck with the restaurant's theme. Inside scrambled eggs omelet, it was filled with mushroom, spinach, and red onions...hmm, I think red onions is a popular ingredient here!-Challah French Toast-This was really the STAR of the meal! The slices of toast with thick and literally melted in my mouth as I ate towards the center with the dates syrup drooling all over!-Baklava-One of the best baklava I had, but it's sweet so make sure to have something to back it up! They have a variety, but I tend to stick with the original. Overall, I would come back here and dine in with my friends and hopefully soon!PS. there is free 2-hour parking down their street and they also cater from big to small events. Hours: LUNCH/DINNER - SUN-THURS 11:30AM-9PM FRI + SAT 'TIL 10PM
<review# 892,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2012,5/4/2012,385,356,13,17,14>With an unassuming front door, a bit concealed and easily missed...here lies a gastropub that awakens the taste buds. Dark and spacious, Local Peasant offers a nice refreshing selection of craft beers, cocktails, and a food selection that can have your head spinning for days. What can possibly surpass a night filled with a glass of Double Jack and a bowl of slow roasted lamb shank? That was a rhetorical question.Long wooden tables fill the middle of the restaurant providing a family-esque dining experience. Meeting new people just got easier. Large windows open up in the front to add to your visual stimulation. Servers are busy and can be slow, but they are absolutely friendly and easy on the eyes.This place is not to be passed. Another gastropub to add to the list of many great ones.
<review# 893,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2012,5/3/2012,1734,2006,62,35,39>For those of you who are like me, living a sad, trivial existence revolving around what sort of Hot Pocket you will be consuming on a particular evening and watching reruns of Heroes while organizing my comic collection, the Renaissance festival is the most exciting event of the entire year. History and fantasy enthusiasts alike crawl out from their black lighted basements to partake in the merry festivities where the air is filled with laughter, the smell of dung, and the ring of cash registers. Many of those dressing up see the festival as an outlet to express themselves through frilly clothing and horrible British accents. You have to remember that while there are those who go to Ren faires in normal modern street clothes, such as myself, these places swarm with people who dress in full Renaissance regalia and whose primary concern while within the confines of the faire is to purchase more accessories for their Renaissance regalia.The large motley rabbles of pseudo-historical exhibitionists freely roam the grounds of the fair, losing themselves in the atmosphere of wonder and awe. Indeed most of the festival-goers are fairly ignorant of any real history of the age, and as such think that 14th century England was a cheerful wonderland of dancing and dwarf tossing. There's no mention of war, disease, poverty, and death. Yes, it was a great time for all, even with the infant mortality rate at a healthy 50%, and goblins eating all the May Day pudding. You could walk down the street and be sassed from all directions for not spending money on games like "throw the piglet in the bucket", or watching a knight in his shiny armor seductively eating a corndog the size of a turkey leg before the big joust. But there are many other highlights to the Renaissance as well that are located directly under this paragraph you are currently reading. Use your scroll button you idiot.CrowdsNothing is better for getting into the spirit of the Renaissance festival than looking for a parking space for 2 hours and then wading through a sea of blubbery wenches, 90lb nerds in studded leather, and baby carriages filled with bawling feather-capped snotlings just to get to the ticket booth. By the time I actually get inside the festival, I'm ready to go home and hide from the brutal reality of stupid, fat hobbits. Last year I couldn't find a parking spot on the roped off, never-ending grassy field of cars, so I was forced to park near some apartment building with a bunch of other angry folks. Those angry folks being the apartment tenents who had to deal with a Ren-Fair set up next door. After I was all blustery and sweaty from the day's events, I returned to my car with my arms full of useless tickets only to find that I was taken away by Ye Olde Tow Shoppe, and I was totally screwed, along with all the other fools that shared my fate. In the Renaissance days, stealing a man's horse would warrant a trip to the King's gallows, and the victim was even given a complementary hen for their troubles, but now you have to pick up your car for an outrageous fee and then give a hand job to the tow truck owner because you spent all your money at the festival. They call this progress? Also, I think every obese person should be issued a Rascal scooter by the U.S. Government to keep a steady flow of pedestrian traffic.Spending MoneyIf you plan to fully enjoy the Renaissance festival experience, I recommend that you mortgage your house and sell your plasma for at least 6 months so you'll have the necessary funds for your enjoyment. This includes parking, price of admission, food, drinks, and the multitude of homemade crafts that are marked up 300% because they're made by authentic nerds in a tent. Something funny happens to you once you get to the festival and see all the crap that's for sale, and that 6th ale starts kicking in. Be warned SassThe one thing that is most abundant at a Renaissance festival is unbridled sass. If there is a history lesson to be learned here is that everybody back must have teased each other mercilessly, probably because there was no TV yet or something. Every hired drama student/sandwich artist that works at the festival belts out personal insults at the passerby so they feel like they are really living in the Renaissance. I know if I spend $25 to get in, I expect a thorough sassing and will demand a refund unless I get called a "scrawny rapscallion" at least 5 times during the course of the day. Words were harsher in those times, and it toughened your hide so you could withstand arrows and vampire bites. Feelings are for 21st century wimps.Bread BowlStep 1: Buy soup served in bowl made entirely out of bread.Step 2: Consume soup.Step 3. Are you ready for this? EAT THE FUCKING BOWL!The bread bowl is the greatest invention known to man and the cornerstone of civilization. If I could find a local bakery that made bread bowls, I would never have to do dishes again...   So yeah..
<review# 894,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2012,5/2/2012,1135,618,26,30,26>If you're a total n00b when it comes to macarons or have been enjoying them for some time but have never had a real Parisian/French macaron (i.e., Ladurée, Pierre Herme, et al), please know that 'Lette is THEE CLOSEST thing to the real deal! Yes folks, 'Lette Macarons is a little authentic taste of France.In case you missed this:yelp.com/list/the-great-…yelp.com/list/the-great-…My initial reaction learning of 'Lette Macarons opening a location in Pasadena was, "Wow, this is quite a great strategic location!" There really are no great macarons in this area. (With apologies to those who LOVE macarons from Euro Pane.)I had the privilege of feasting on half a dozen (because my bud Mathew M. split a dozen with me. 1 dozen = $19.50) of these irresistible dots and found them to be practically on par with Beverly Hills and Little Tokyo locations...BUT, they had softer shells. =(Aside from softer shells, there was one other oddity: These macarons seemingly were more flavor intense! There's really no explanation for this because each 'Lette location gets fresh macarons from Beverly Hills. Could it have been that my palate was more sensitive because I hadn't had a macaron in nearly a month? Whatever the case, I thoroughly enjoyed them!The dilemma when splitting a dozen comes from limiting my choices, and since I love nearly all 'Lette's flavors, I mulled my decision for a few minutes. Yes, I literally stood in front of the display case for several minutes in careful contemplation. Ultimately, I decided to pick four flavors that I absolutely cannot live without and two that I seldom consider.Here are four flavors I absolutely cannot live without (these four are all 5/5, but are ranked):yelp.com/biz_photos/ujZL…1) Pistachio2) Raspberry3) Earl Grey4) Almond WeddingThe two flavors I seldom enjoy are:Lemon: 5/5yelp.com/biz_photos/ujZL…For being a person who loves all things lemon, it was only my 2nd time trying this flavor. I forgotten the brilliance of 'Lette's lemon macaron! It was so incredibly delicious and was consistent with 'Lette's moderate sweetness.Coconut: 4/5yelp.com/biz_photos/ujZL…Again, another flavor I've only enjoyed for the 2nd time. I LIKE coconut, hence the reason I seldom eat coconut macarons...or even le rocher à la noix de coco (or better known as coconut macaroons). This seems to be one of 'Lette's sweeter macarons.90 minutes of free parking is available in the adjacent Schoolhouse Block parking structure (which also happens to be the structure of my preference when in Old Pasadena).If you haven't had a 'Lette macaron...you haven't had a macaron!
<review# 895,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2012,5/1/2012,964,598,26,32,34>1000th review for Umami Burger Urban!Yummy food & service was great!  :D  I have been to one other Umami location and this was way better!  I loved the outdoor seating, I still love the Umami burger, I loved the decor of this location & the location itself.  It is located in the Space 15 Twenty courtyard smack in the middle of Hollywood.We shared the Umami Burger and the Port & Stilton burgers.  I still like the Umami burger the best.  I love the flavors of the Parmesan crisp, the mushrooms and especially the Umami ketchup (& I dont like ketchup).  The P&S burger was ok, it was very blue cheesy, a little overpowering for the simple burger.  The burgers come out medium rare which is a lil too rare for me, I like pink instead of red in the middle.We also shared some sweet potato fries which were good with the Umami ketchup and Garlic Aioli.The service was attentive but not too stuffy.  I would definitely come again!!  Yum!!Lots of meter parking in the surrounding area.
<review# 896,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/10/2012,4/30/2012,638,255,28,29,27>Let's just say, you better like pork because if you don't you will not like the Hakata-style ramen (pork bone broth) that Shin Sen Gumi (SSG) offers. Because imagine if you brought a Jew, a Muslim, or a Vegetarian? Ha! Sounds like the beginnings of a really bad joke... and speaking of jokes, as Russell Peters would say, "somebody gonna' getta hurt real bad, somebody!" But yea, while I will always be biased because I love Santouka's shoyu (soy sauce) and shio (salt) ramen, SSG's pork bone broth ramen was actually pretty good. The minute the menus were presented, I was overwhelmed. You see, at SSG, you can customize your ramen to order from how fatty and oily you want your broth to be to what type of toppings you would like. While some may enjoy the customization of ramen, the menu gave me a damn migraine (See Photo Below). I prefer my ramen simple and I would have rather preferred SSG to have just served me ramen the way they thought Hakata-style ramen should be served because I really don't need to be pimping by ramen. Firmness of noodle? Amount of oil? Strength of the soup base? Give me a break. Let's just say I clicked normal for all three because that is what I wanted, a normal bowl of fucking ramen. Now when my Hakata-style ramen was presented I noticed the nice cloudiness of the broth. At first, I did not like the broth because it was a little too porky. However, by the second, third, and fourth spoonfuls... well let's just say that the flavors of the broth grew on me and I ended up putting down my spoon and just picking up the damn bowl. The wife ordered a  1/2 ramen because she ordered a side of soboro, which is ground chicken marinated with soy sauce, ginger, eggs and other spices over steamed rice. All I know is that it bordered on the salty side and was not that good. Moreover, the seaweed soup that comes with the soboro was really awful. Let's just say that she ended up stealing some of my ramen. Is it the best ramen? Nope because in my opinion the best ramen is in Big Tokyo (aka Torrance). However, if I'm in Little Tokyo, I would rather go to SSG over Daikokuya for three reasons:1. SSG offers free parking with validation.2. You won't die from a heart attack because Daikokuya's kotteri ramen is a bowl of fucking pork fat. 3. The workers yell hello and goodbye to all the customers. Actually, I take that back because I can see how this can get really annoying. * I wish they had a container of pickled ginger at the table.** For a recently opened business, the menus are filthy. *** BTW, they only offer Hakata-style ramen.----------------------------Picture of the confusing instructions to the menu (courtesy of Terence L):yelp.com/biz_photos/jqS3…Chicken soboro with awful soup and side of charshu:yelp.com/biz_photos/jqS3…Hakata Ramen:yelp.com/biz_photos/jqS3…Where's the side of ginger?yelp.com/biz_photos/jqS3…----------------------------Link to Russell Peters "Somebody Gonna Get a Hurt Real Bad" clipyoutube.com/watch?v=vVlX…
<review# 897,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2011,4/29/2012,700,318,14,19,20>This is not an AYCE joint.  No wait to be seated in a very well ventilated a/c'd area.  Also free parking in the back past the alleyway off of Harvard (between 7th & 8th Street).3 of us tried the $39.99 all-inclusive combo last night.  It had the Chadol (thinly sliced brisket beef), some type of cubed beef & some Sam Gyup Sal (pork slices that look like bacon) on one dish - serves 2 to 3 people.  Also comes with complimentary raw veggies (bean sprouts & onion slices) that they constantly refill to cook with the meat.  There is also the serve yourself Banchan bar (side dishes).  Here it doesn't have as much variety as other places but you don't have to pull teeth or beg the servers for more.  You just get up & get some.  Last night they had butter lettuce, raw sweet potato slices, cucumber slices, tomatoes, Korean peppers, marinated bean sprouts, stir fried squash, spicy marinated root veggie (not sure which one - sorry), etc.  Apparently these banchans can vary on whatever day you go so it's a toss up but all were fresh & tasty.  We also had a choice of either one bottle of Hite, Soju or Soda.  We picked the beer.At the end, they give you options of fried rice or noodles.  We opted for the fried rice (they suggested we save several pieces of the bacon for flavoring) with kkak doo gui (Korean radish kimchi).  They mixed it in the leftover grease in the pan with the sam gyup sal & the rice & the radish kimchi & dried crushed seaweed.  WOW it was REALLY delish as the radish kimchi was ripe (fermented for awhile) and the bottom half of the bbq pan was able to crisp the rice.They also brought out 2 servings of dwen jang jjigae (the soy bean paste based soup) which was also well flavored.Meat quality = 4 stars (tender, not too fatty)Banchan = 3.5 stars (not as much variety as I'm used to but fresh)Fried Rice = 5 starsService = 5 stars (they smile, they swing by constantly, offered to cook but we said we'd do it ourselves, kept bringing us the raw veggie plate, spoke both Korean AND English).Parking = 4 stars (FREE IN THE BACK but they share it with others so hope for the best!!!)I'll be bringing boy toy here next time he has a hankering for KBBQ.
<review# 898,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2011,4/28/2012,414,207,36,37,34>._|_|  See this box?This is literally the size of Mini Kabob.  And it's been in existence for 15 years.How appropriately named right?  I thought it was for the size of the Kabobs they served.  But given the actual 6' x 10' dimensions of the dining area, I see how the owners Hovik and Ella came up with the name.  Unless you change your name to anything ending with an "an", this is by far the closest you'll ever come to eating Armenian home cooking; as you're basically eating in the couple's kitchen.   There is only room for 8 people to sit semi-comfortably.  There are 3 tables that can be combined into 2.  Depending if there's an open seat around, Hovik will most likely fill it and talk to you like you're family.  He's like that talkative uncle that everyone has in their family.  Hovik has been a cook for 43 years.  He loved to eat so cooking was his goal and aspiration, and he served in the Russian Army as a cook.  Although it seemed like Ella did the grilling that night.  His birthright is Armenia and his lineage was from Egypt.We ordered:- Lule Kebob plate [$10.95] (yelp.com/biz_photos/yg5O…) - You'll get a long Kebob that has been split in half to fit the plate.  A heaping mound of basmati rice, seasoned sliced onions, and a grilled jalapeño & tomato.  Hovik claims that it's best eating the jalapeño as sweating brings out the appetite.  While this wasn't the best Lule I've had, I can't help not liking it because of the company.- Mini Kabob plate [$8.50] (yelp.com/biz_photos/yg5O…) - This seems to be the same meat found in the lule, but just shaped like Jimmy Dean's sausage links.  I had to try their namesake none-the-less!- Hommus [$5.95] (yelp.com/biz_photos/yg5O…) - Well seasoned and very good.  Served with Lavash flat bread (yelp.com/biz_photos/yg5O…), this was sopped up instantly.  Hovik was kind enough to give us some to go as well since he saw we liked it so much.- Tabule [$6.55] (yelp.com/biz_photos/yg5O…) - Once ordered, I heard Hovik start chopping away in the kitchen as he was chopping the parsley, tomatoes, and onions.  Delicately favored and mixed with bulgar, I'm more used to more lemon juice, but this mild dish was still as good as anticipated.- Limonad [$2.50] (yelp.com/biz_photos/yg5O…) - This is that one soda that every culture seems to have that just hits the right spot.  We had the peach flavored Armenian soda called Gazoz that was very refreshing and tasted like candy.The service - who could complain about being part of Hovik & Ella's family?  5 stars for the Armenian hospitality!  Ella still has those stern Armenian eyes though!The food - 4 stars as I'm a true fan, maybe if I eat here enough times, this may improve.The atmosphere - You're in the kitchen dining room, and you'll have to walk through the kitchen to get to the bathroom as it is a small house - 2 stars.The parking - 1 star - You're fighting for parking in an Armenian neighborhood. - enough said!  And don't dare park in the little corner strip mall - you will get towed.  I parked there, but Hovik said to move it as they are A-holes and monitor that coveted parking.They only take cash, but Hovik said he would take gold as well.  So bring your nuggets!  Due to the size, I believe most do take-out here.  But you'll need to eat in cramped quarters once in your lifetime to experience Hoviik's hospitality.
<review# 899,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2011,4/27/2012,1076,572,16,19,19>I like my bars dive-y.If you were driving around town and didn't know where you were, you will upon entering this place.THE.  VALLEY.I would describe the decor as 70s, 80s, and 90s--and probably authentic.  The patrons were just as eclectic.One karaoke Sunday night, me and about a dozen other Yelpers entered after Valerie C's UYE (yelp.com/biz/shenanigans… ) and enjoyed ourselves with good old fashion camaraderie.I have to say the management and staff were plenty patient.  We brought our own snacks in (leftovers from the UYE), threw it around, and they didn't even get mad.LOVE the environment.
<review# 900,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2012,4/26/2012,495,527,17,21,16>For my 300th review, I want to highlight Jazz Cat Fusion Shabu [restaurant]. My boyfriend thinks that this place is "just okay," but I prefer it over the other shabu shabu places because of the wide selection of soup base and dipping sauce options. Current lunch prices start at $9.99 for the small portion of meat. If you don't like meat (chicken, beef or lamb) there's always a vegetarian or seafood option! (There's an additional charge for seafood).Their creamy soup bases are great, but I always go back to my favorite Chinese herb and premium kelp. My favorite dipping sauces are fermented soy bean and spicy sesame. They don't charge you extra for dipping sauce, so be sure to ask for more if you like to try more than one! :)Customer service isn't always the greatest (they are always busy and seem understaffed), but have a little patience and you'll get the ingredients or extras you need. The decor is nice, there's plenty of parking, and plenty of places to walk around in the complex if there's a long wait.
<review# 901,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,4/24/2012,2858,814,15,29,22>Today was THE day I would finally fulfill my poutine cravings and catch the Tim Burton exhibit at the LACMA. I have been searching high and low for passable poutine without luck.  To my glee, I found soleil. I read their menu and I was ecstatic. So many different versions of that delicious fries-gravy-cheese curds combo. Parking here can be difficult so try to go at an off time. We were fortunate enough to take a metered spot right by the 7-11 across from it. The restaurant itself is a quaint little cafe, nothing too attention-calling. We were seated and brought baguette and butter. I immediately perused the poutine menu and excited ordered the Poutine Marat. (filet mignon with peppercorn gravy and mushrooms). He ordered the new york steak sandwich and I got the croque madame. The croquette madame had the perfect egg atop ham, gruyere and a warm baguette. It wasn't anything extraordinary but not bad.Now the poutine... OMG amazing. The fries were almost shoe string but not pik-nik type. These had some heft to 'em. They were fried golden brown and topped off with a deliciously salty peppercorn gravy. Cheesecurds, oh cheesecurds, how you sound so yucky yet so mildly complimentary. And the filet mignon, tender, and plentiful. I absolutely loved the poutine. In fact, I would go back just for that. Loved my experience here and would definitely be back for some more poutine.
<review# 902,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/23/2011,4/23/2012,283,421,22,43,38>I'll make this short.The awesome:Electric washing chair. Christine took us without appointment. 2 assistants to blow dry and brush my hair between the 3 washes. delicious cookies and tea or coffee. sat next to my friend also coloring hair and 3rd friend got a chair to sit with us. eye candy korean guys and girls. everyone was nice despite my being confused for korean all the time and not being able to speak anything but english. nice and clean interior. Christine did what no one else could do for me in the past, let alone in under 4 hours and under $300... I got my 3 inch black roots matched PERFECTLY the first time, then all my hair lightened just-right, and then perfect blonde color and an AMAZING cut and bangs, and curling. I told her to keep the length and trim the bangs, but when she suggested some changes here and there, I let her run free and I've never been happier. She also curled my hair for me, in like 2 minutes, the most perfect curls I've ever seen, and never came close to my face and I never felt the heat or fear at all. my friends and I watched mouths wide open.this place. is magic.
<review# 903,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2011,4/22/2012,116,204,22,15,15>FINALLY. It happened. I thought about it for months, maybe years. I dreamt about it. I drove by it. Then, finally, FINALLY, with my former vegetarian self and two former vegan friends, we DID IT. We put millions of vegetarians to shame and indulged. MARROW BONE + CHIMICHURRI? Done. Did it. Wanna do it again. I wanna lick that marrow off the bone, forget the toast. BARBEQUE PORK BELLY SANDWICHES? Inhaled it. The boys even let me have the last little bite. 2 gentlemen and a fatass. FOIE GRAS, BISCUIT, MAPLE GRAVY. Shut up. Seriously, I shut up because I was inhaling that thing. Will absolutely never forget watching a certain uber granola/"vegetarian"/mountain climbing/truck living friend of mine asking for a spoon to spoon out every last bit of that gravy. Easily the most unique thing we had at animal/that I've ever had. BALSAMIC PORK RIBS. Absolutely too full by the time these reached the table, but they were placed next to me, and I was powerless against them. The smell of balsamic wafted up from these bad boys...well you know what happened next. HAMACHI TOSTADA: we decided to go with a light" plate - assuming that this little bite was going to be just alright was far, far from the truth. Amazing hamachi dish that I'd take over a sushi spot any day of the week. BACON CHOCOLATE CRUNCH BAR: for me...eh. maybe i was too full? maybe i just don't appreciate the bacon/chocolate combo. i wish we had gone for the sticky toffee pudding or tres leches - that bar just felt muddy and just plain yucky. but animal gets five stars nonetheless!loved it. thought about going back the next night, but my growing midsection convinced me to stay at home.
<review# 904,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/20/2011,4/21/2012,629,1325,17,19,15>Sunday brunch... This place is adorable! I loved the decor, food and service!Food:Sunday brunch- Cactus tortillas! They had so many different types of Mexican dishes! So delicious! Lots of chicken dishes for the brunch and They make a omelet for you. It was a delicious meal. I had a little of everything. The thing on the zucchini was delicious too! It's a good size for the amount for what you pay for. really ood deal! And healthy options.The desserts - omg the cornbread dessert... Win! Iloved it. You need to order it. It's so...perfect.The churro was hard but I love churros. The flan was good too! Service - Max was awesome! Great service. Very attentive. Thru refilled our drinks and took our plates away.Max came and gave us samples of drinks - horchata, beet juice, cactus/pineapple, and this seeded drink. He knew his stuff and was able to explain the foods to me. Juan came out and greeted us. Very humble and very nice mn. He wanted to be sure we all were enjoying ourselves. Excellent service.DrinksDo yourself a favor... Order the horchata!!! Amazing! Pumpkin seeds - almond milk! Amazing.The cactus/pineapple drink... Super healthy... Loved it!!!DecorGreat Mexican decor! Lots of skeletons and just artwork from Mexico. Really nice.EntertainmentThey had a mariachi band... Which I could do without but it's the culture :PParking: Lots of parking around strip mall
<review# 905,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/20/2011,4/20/2012,153,241,19,24,21>Korean BBQ!!!          All you can eat!!!                    Soju!!!                   Sashimi!!!                       Mid-City LA!!!           Open until 2am!!!By your powers combined, I am... Sang Kogi Nara!!! A unique find in LA that provides a meal to be reckoned with indeed. Serving up both Korean bbq + sushi, this restaurant offers multiple combination specials yelp.com/biz_photos/RfDk… with different variations of the prized proteins. Combo A - $16.99    AYCE kbbq except for the marinated ribs (1pc per person) + steak (1pc per 2 people)Combo B - $18.99    AYCE kbbq (all 13 meat varieties included)Combo C - $21.99    AYCE kbbq (all 13 meats) + one platter of sashimi (6pc for 1 person, 15pc for 2 people)Combo D - $26.99    AYCE kbbq (all 13 meats), AYCE sashimi (30pc for 2+ people), + AYCE sushi rollsNote that they DID raise the prices in November 2011 compared to what they were just last month.  =( If you're going with a group of 2 or 3, I'd recommend getting Combo C since the sashimi platters of 15 pieces  yelp.com/biz_photos/RfDk… is a pretty decent portion. And in my opinion, the fish isn't thaaaat great in quality that you'd want to be gobbling it down nonstop. The sashimi in Combo D comes as a platter of 30 pieces yelp.com/biz_photos/RfDk… so you can easily find yourself getting way too full on the dense sashimi pieces unless you have a larger group. Especially since they're mostly white fish anyways... I'd save more stomach room for the kbbq than the sashimi. The meat varieties yelp.com/biz_photos/RfDk… included in all you can eat are as follows:   - steak                                                     - ju-mulluk    - short ribs                                              - beef brisket   - marinated ribs                                     - tongue   - beef bugolgi                                         - beef intestines   - pork belly                                              - large intestines   - pork bugolgi                                         - small intenstines   - chicken bugolgiMy personal favorites are the marinated ribs, tongue, + pork belly. The marinated ribs (not to be confused with the short ribs!) are soaked well in the marinade + comes to the table still attached to the rib bone as the waitress cuts it off in front of you. Delicious + tender! The meats that I wasn't too big of a fan of were the brisket since it was really fatty yelp.com/biz_photos/RfDk… + the steak since it was surprisingly kind of tasteless. I didn't try any of the intestines since my dining partners weren't so adventurous, + the other meats are pretty typical for my kbbq-loving palate. The service is attentive, but their English is spotty depending on which waitress or waiter you get. The ban chan includes the bean paste soup at the center of the grill, steamed egg, a spicy salad with tiny bits of sashimi, kimchi, bean spouts, daikon strips, broccoli, rice paper, + your typical mixed greens salad. They're pretty good about giving you unlimited rice paper which is awesome because I hate when restaurants are stingy about something cheap like that. All in all, it makes for a pretty epic feast.  yelp.com/biz_photos/RfDk… I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could... but I'll round up for now unless they raise their prices again. Coming on a weekend for both of my visits, I didn't encounter a wait at all... but I expect that it'll get more crowded in the near future once more people discover this yummy find on the outskirts on Ktown. Street parking right out front on Washington Blvd or on the cross-streets is easy... just finding Sang Kogi Nara isn't since it's surrounded by pretty unsuspecting buildings + the sign on the outside isn't in English. Look for this sign!  yelp.com/biz_photos/RfDk…
<review# 906,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2011,4/19/2012,2495,2210,18,24,19>My one meal at Animal was memorable for the good food, but more for the massive stomachache I took home and carried over to the next day.  Turns out that foie gras loco mocos are kind of heavy.  The Two Dudes show a lot more restraint with their One Pan in their seafood restaurant Son of a Gun, and the result is irresistible.I came for dinner with four friends on a Tuesday night, and the place was packed.  It's a small space with a charming nautical theme, and we got one of the only large tables, reserved weeks in advance.  I may try and make use of the communal seating in the future, but it looks like it'd be a hassle to come in with more than a party of two.  Service was attentive and amiable, and our waitress helped us out with our orders.The menu is made up of small plates, with family style dining in mind.  Not all of the dishes are particularly conducive to sharing, but we did well with our party of five.  Of the daintiest dishes, I would strongly recommend the smoked steelhead roe with maple cream and pumpernickel if you see it on the menu.  This was a highlight of our meal, bubbly roe and porous wafers of pumpernickel standing in a snow of maple cream, with a garnish of scallions.  The salty bursting roe was spectacular when combined with the sweet but subtle maple cream, and the paper-thin shards of bread were just enough to add some ground.  The brook trout roe with blueberry buttermilk sorbet and parsnip was weak in comparison, as well as $5 more expensive ($14 to the steelhead's $9).  The roe was superb, but the sorbet was icy and the parsnip had crisp but not much flavor.  I appreciated the effort, but the dish wasn't compelling.  I could also skip the albacore tataki in the future.  The fish was great, with the gentlest sear to the outside, but it wouldn't be worth ordering twice.  Served with sesame seeds, radish, scallions, and a subtle citrus soy sauce, it was nothing I haven't had before.The highlight of the meal was the sandwich portion of the menu, and I would like to go back to Son of a Gun just to get more things between bread.  I'll start by saying I didn't love the touted lobster roll with celery and lemon aioli, but maybe I should've gotten my own.  The texture may have suffered from splitting - the meat felt unsubstantial and shredded.  The flavors and bread were good, but I missed the meaty chew of a good lobster roll.But new paragraph - the shrimp toast and fried chicken sandwiches blew my mind.  The shrimp toast with herbs and sriracha mayo cost $11 per tiny sandwich, but we kept ordering more.  I would like to make a layer cake of shrimp toast for my wedding.  That buttery toasted bread, that sweet shrimp paste, and that awesome piquant sriracha mayo, bolstered by plentiful basil and cilantro, yielded an explosion of flavor and texture that left our table weak.  The fried chicken sandwich was at least as good, and big enough to split multiple ways - we did so twice.  The chicken was fried beautifully with a perfect crunch yielding to moist juicy insides.  The spicy bread and butter pickle slaw was crisp, refreshing, and kicky, with a bit of jalapeño.  The bun held up well, and as for the rooster aioli - while I'm not convinced that it wasn't the same thing as sriracha mayo, I didn't care.  This upscale chicken sandwich is not to be missed.The other large dishes were not quite as impressive, but I enjoyed them as well.  The mussels with tarragon, Pernod, fennel, and toast was excellent, with a light, fragrant broth and plump, fresh, quality mussels.  The alligator schnitzel with heart of palm and orange was very interesting, though the flavor of the dish was a bit too heavy and sweet.  The meat was palatable, and I loved the shaved heart of palm.  Striped bass with pho fumet, herbs, lime, and bok choy showed an excellent salty broth one friend described as an Asian french onion soup, bridged with pho.  The fish was almost besides the point, but it was nice and firm, and the bok choy added crunch.  Lastly, I would skip the linguine and clams with uni aglio-olio, chili, and breadcrumbs.  I didn't get much uni, and most of the character came from the chili and breadcrumbs.  The clams were nice and the pasta fair, if not great.Desserts were excellent, starting with frozen lime yogurt with graham crumble and toasted meringue.  This tart refreshing concoction with a modest gloop of marshmallow vanished fast.  Flourless chocolate cake with banana, peanut, coconut ice cream had a lot of elements, but they came together.  The cake was broken into fluffy tufts served with bruléed banana, salty candied peanuts, and a dollop of unsweet cream.But the winner was the Hoboken special.  This was worth the $7 for the recipe of chocolate ice cream and Fanta pineapple soda.  Sounds trashy, but it was delicious.  The ice cream had a nice tug and richness, and the soda bubbled around it in a beautiful float.  It was an apt and exciting way to end a fun, creative meal at Son of a Gun.
<review# 907,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/29/2012,4/18/2012,530,387,16,28,21>After searching for a nearby food option that my friend and I had both never been to, we headed here.  Viet springs rolls sounded good and I was prepared to chow down on these savory bites. I however, had no idea I would be rolling them myself.Being here the first time, we opted for the 2 person-make-your-own-roll special for $15.99.  It's a pretty good deal, because you get enough food to wrap about a dozen rolls or so.You get a huge plate of veggies, full of basil, lettuce, mint, pickles, carrots, bean sprouts, and green onions.  Then they bring out a steaming bowl of hot water and rice paper disks, followed by the orange dipping sauce (not sure exactly what is) and a plate of grilled pork, pork cooked in banana leaves, and deep fried shrimp.You start by dropping the rice paper disk into the bowl of hot water.  You'll know when it is ready, after about 30 seconds when it starts to sink to the bottom of the bowl.  Then you a start loading the rice paper with pork and veggies and proceed to wrap it up.  Once wrapped, dip in the sauce and enjoy.  My first wrap was a disaster.  But after the second one, you start to get a feel for the slick rice paper and figure out how much is just the right proportion of fillings to put in it.  Too much and the rice paper rips.  Too little and there's a lot of excess rice paper hanging off the ends.Regardless of how loose or tight your wrapping skills are, it's sure to be good eats.
<review# 908,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/19/2011,4/17/2012,4161,1558,20,32,25>This place is great for large group meetings. We had over 25 people in our party.  The organizer said it was one of the few places that didn't require a deposit.  There was no minimum order either.  In fact, a lot of us only had something small and maybe drinks.I had the Caprese salad, which was good, but not $16+ good.  I tried the meat and cheese platter.  It was okay.  This is set up cafeteria style.  You order, pay and the servers bring out your food.  It wasn't very well organized.  I had to go back twice because the salad never came out.
<review# 909,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2011,4/16/2012,781,329,36,30,30>I don't even want to tell you people how great this bar is, because I don't want it to ever change.I never once thought in all of my years of drunken stupor, I'd ever drink Jameson.  The thought of it would nearly make me yack.  Yes, I am a gin whore.  That's right.  A perfect gin cocktail just might get you in my bed.Moving on....So, I've been hearing about this special lil shot of Jameson and pickle juice.  Sounds mighty sick, I know.  That's what I thought but, I'm up for trying new things, even if I know it'll have me praying to the porcelain Gods.  Damn... was I wrong.  This perfect concoction has to be one of the finest combination of love and hate I've ever encountered.  The strong, sweet taste of Jameson burns your throat as you knock back a shot of their own pickle juice.  The spicy saltiness cools your palate as well as calming the Jameson burn.  Amazing.  Absolutely ... Positively ... AMAZING.I love these guys.  Great bartenders.  Haven't met one I didn't like.  Consistently the best bar downtown.STAY AWAY, I HATE YOU.
<review# 910,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2011,4/15/2012,412,220,32,33,23>Mastro's. The name itself sends chills down the common man's spine (and wallet). It is, by virtue of popular opinion, the presupposed epitome of steak greatness. For the most part, it is the best damn steak you'll ever have, in the best damn setting you could ever ask for, with the best damn service money can buy. Emphasis on that last part (money) because DAMN! This place is EXPENSIVE! But was Mastro's worth it? At $225 for dinner for two inclusive of tax and tip (I won't even say how much I dropped the second time around...), I'd say yes.But, the main reason why I can't give Mastro's a perfect 5 (nor any other steakhouse for that matter), is that there was simply too much hype. [***EDIT: I have since returned to Mastro's and I must say I was a complete IDIOT for giving it anything less than 5 stars. Who do I think I am? Anton Ego? Seriously though, Mastro's is 5 stars through and through.***] In essence, I "knew" too much about Mastro's before I had taken a single bite....Too much raving about the legendary Lobster Mash...Too much crooning over the "ridiculous" service...Too much "OMG BEST STEAK EVER!" on countless reviews...In a sense, Mastro's was doomed to under-deliver from the very beginning (which some of you might decry as being unfair, but hey, this is my review. Write your own why dontya)! [***EDIT: again, I must reneg my intial 4 star rating and state that Mastro's is tops in my book***] But, I will say that it was the nicest restaurant I have ever been to and I wholeheartedly recommend that you go at least once (try to have someone treat you if at all possible!). Not-so-quick-guide:1) Park on the street if possible (free after 6pm). That $7 you'll save can go straight towards an appetizer or an extra side. Duh.2) Make reservations (I went on a random Tuesday night and it was packed)! Request to be seated upstairs if you want a more lively environment (louder + live music--piano and singer).3) If you call in ahead of time you can request for a bottle of chilled champagne or sparkling cider to be waiting for you at your table. (Actually, the restaurant doesn't usually carry Martinelli's, but because I called in ahead of time, the manager went out and got a bottle just for us. Now THAT's service).5) What steak should you get? Well whatever you order, get it bone-in. The meat is always sweeter and juicier around the bone. Don't ask me why bc I don't know--it just is. For the particularly carnivorous, I recommend the Chef's Cut Ribeye Chop. It's a 33oz. bone-in marbled monster you won't be able to finish. I usually get my steaks rare, but because it's so thick, I recommend getting it a half notch above what you normally get so that it cooks all the way through. The bone-in filet is a good option as well if you want to try some REALLY tender meat. 6) Get the lobster mashed potatoes. Yes, it is a bit overrated in my opinion but its still very good. You can't go to mastros and not get the lobster mash...thats like going to a dodger game and not getting a dodger dog. You just have to. Simply temper your expectations a tad and you'll be fine. At $34, it's definitely pricey, but hey...you're at Mastros. If you didn't expect to spend a lot of money when you walked in the door, you should have gone to Sizzlers.7) Get the colossal onion rings. They were truly gargantuan. At $9, for how much you get, it was a steal! Don't be ashamed of asking for ranch sauce. Yes, it's a nice restaurant but I'll be damned if I can't have ranch with my rings.8) Skip the Alaskan King Crab Black Truffle Gnocchi. It was okay...For me, Masa is tops at gnocchi so don't mess around with that. At $29 for a side, you could try three other sides for the price of one.9) If you're a dude, you HAVE to check out the bathroom! It's sooo sick! An attendant is paid to literally stand there and turn the water faucet on and off for you. How crazy is that! And theres also a counter full of free amenities: chewing gum, mouth wash, hair gel, and even cologne (acqua di gio and ralph lauren to name just a few). It's the sickest bathroom ive ever seen. And not sick in the gas station sense.10) If you like free dessert, ALWAYS say it's someone's birthday. Is this wrong? Most definitely yes. Will that make me change my ways? Fat chance. At $100+ a head, I think I deserve a little white lie...or more like a dark chocolate 5 layer one. Conclusion: After coming back here with my girlfriend, I have to say that Mastro's is the nicest restaurant I've ever been to...but its for true ballers only. Definitely worth visiting at least once in your lifetime. When you go, try not to think about the $$$$. Just enjoy.And fellas, if you're trying to impress the lady friend, be sure to get the seafood tower. You can customize it to however you want. I'd recommend some king crab claws, the shrimp cocktail, and maybe some oysters. It will break the bank...but it's worth it...as long as she is. :)
<review# 911,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,4/14/2012,4339,292,41,30,24>A brilliant philosopher, Kate Moss, once said "nothing tastes as good as skinny feels".  (Yes, I just quoted Kate Moss...please don't take away my man card!).  Well let me ask you this skinny Kate, have you ever had a pastrami sandwich from Eastside Market Italian Deli?  I didn't think so!  So it turns out we are both WRONG.  Kate is not a brilliant philosopher (but she's über hot) and the sandwiches from Eastside DOES TASTE BETTER THAN SKINNY FEELS!  Trust!These sandwiches are some of the best that will ever graze your palate!  At about $8 a pop, sure, you might think that's pretty pricey.  But that's because these sandwiches are ginormous!  If you can finish it in one sitting, you should consider dieting (not judgin', just sayin').  My favorite is the D.A. Special (roast beef, sausage, meatball, and pastrami stuffed in a toasted roll)!  Just FYI, this place is off the beaten path and parking could be tough (street parking only) but totally worth the hassle.  They accept credit cards and there's plenty of self-serve seating inside!  Enjoy!
<review# 912,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2012,4/13/2012,2234,455,36,54,46>Chicago-style deep dish pizza.Once seated among the crowd, you'll notice an antsy, yet persistent waitress encouraging you to get in your order in for a pizza ASAP (even before the rest of our party arrived). Why? The pizza made from scratch takes about 40 minutes (this applies to deep dish only).  For someone who prefers thin crust more than a deep dish pie, this pizza was massive and delicious.Why thin crust always wins: I'd rather taste the delicious toppings, and chew on a thin crust than massive layers of dough. Why this deep dish wins: - Their tomato sauce has whole pieces of soft, juicy tomatoes that adds texture to regular ol' red sauce. - Their crust was thick, buttery, and flaky. A hybrid of a buttery pizza and a pie crust. I was sort of fixated on the crust, and didn't want to move on to the actual pizza (focus, you).We ordered the Traditional (sausage + mushrooms + cheese) and Lots of Meat (loads of sausage and pepperoni). A no brainer, I liked the Lots of Meat because it tasted better. The Traditional had a lot of mushrooms, which I liked, but there was way way too much cheese on this thing. I asked my friend from Chicago if this compares to the pizza over there. He whispered, "It's pretty good, but no," but also compared it to his fav Chicagoan spot. So there you have it, Angelenos, it's safe to eat and say you ate the real thing! ;)
<review# 913,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/16/2012,4/11/2012,1068,387,100,59,63>"Urth, meet Intelligentsia. Intelligentsia, this is my good friend Urth.""Hello, I love your hole-y flannel shirt and skinny jeans and Harvard tee-shirt.""And I love YOUR Louboutin heels paired with a Forever 21 top.""You're so ironic!""No, YOU'RE ironic!" "We're twins!""You're so cool. Wanna sell some coffee and food? We'll be like The Coffee Bean, except not, which makes us different, which makes us cool, since everyone visiting us will be so different and cool.""Yeah -- you take Silverflake, and I'll take WeW4ore.""I want people to visit us and spend two hours to drink one cup of tea and leave crumbs all over the table.""I love it! I want to make it hard for our customers to park here.""I know, right? They're either going to come to us on their Tom's or moped or chauffeured by their uniformed driver, Chauncy."It needs to be a rule that at least one out of every five of our clientele has to don low-rise skinny jeans and be a bit pale and doughy.""Cosigned. I LOVE plumber-ass.""Correction-- FAT plumber-ass.""Is there any other kind?""With thong!""I love wedgies like I love a wedge of vanilla wedding cake. Oh! We'll have some in our glass display case. Next to the near-frozen jalapeno bagel."Is that Luke Perry? From that old teen show, Beverly Hills, 90210?""Tell him to hurry up with our garden smoothies.""Why is it so crowded here? Don't these people have someplace to go? I mean, seriously, coffee shop? That's their total plan for the day?""Shut up, flannel shirt.""No, YOU'RE the flannel shirt. I'm the Louboutins, remember?""I forgot; after all, Kai is writing this idiotic, never-happened conversation.""He's distracted, I think, because even though he's talking sh!t, he LOVE'S it at Urth.""I know. You can tell by his jeans, plumber butt, the way he's nursing that latte in a stonewear mug for an hour because he parked in front of some guy's condo illegally in the next neighborhood.""And the thong, of course.""Oh yes. Can never forget that."------------Yes, lover, I'm the one holding up the line wondering what I want even though I've been standing in it for twenty minutes.I'm the one leaving crumbs on the table like I was raised in the Ozarks with wolves. I can't tell the difference between a latte, macchiato, or cappuccino-- it's all foamgasm to me. I eat salads at a coffee shop.I wear Tom's in the dead of winter, with no socks.I am what's wrong with Hollywood.Oh hush baby, you LOVE it. And you'll love Urth.(and Intelligentsia)Do both-- it's like kissing two sisters.Two for two!
<review# 914,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/19/2012,4/8/2012,482,235,18,24,25>A NEW FAVORITE PLACE FOR MIDWEEK/DATE NIGHT EATS!!!It's been a little over a year since we moved back to LA from San Francisco. During that time, I've searched desperately for a replacement for my beloved Kansai in Oakland (you know!) yelp.com/biz/kansai-oakl…. It was the perfect combo of ambiance (dark, sultry, modern), tunes (J-pop) and great late night happy hour sushi. With Toro Sushi, I think I may have just found it!Ambiance, check. Huge venue with a lit up bar in the back. I'm always partial to restaurants that are packed with people, yet airy and breathable because of the tall ceilings. It was modern enough, but I'd wish they'd bump up the accent lighting and turn down the house lights a bit more. It was packed to capacity with a youthful crowd and lively music. Toro has that certain quality few places achieve: lively, nice enough, yet comfortable and familiar to become a regular spot.  Tunes, 1/2 check. I could do without the blatant Top 40 and please, in the name of all that's holy, nix the Bieber and any act put out by Disney/Nick. But when they played kitchy LMFAO and Chemical Brothers alongside J-pop, that put a big, mega-watt smile on my face. Sushi, food in general, DOUBLE CHECK! Rolls were run of the mill and on the small side, however, the fusion dishes and my udon were SPECTACULAR! We went to town and ordered a little bit of everything. Starters included the glazed wings and kobe sliders. Both won huge acclaim with the wings/sliders enthusiasts of our group. Entrees included a seared tilapia with a secret sauce that my beloved demolished. I was recovering from a cold and needed an udon. Generally, we all know that udon can be bland and lifeless. I ordered a chicken udon and opted for tofu tempura instead of shrimp. They forgot the chicken and brought me a tofu tempura udon. The moment I took my first ladleful sip of broth, the scowl on my face disappeared. I was literally dumbstruck by how delicious, complex and flavorful the broth was. I'm talking broth harboring on pho broth territory. YES, PHO BROTH TERRITORY. It was magnificent. Even more astonishing was the tofu tempura. C'mon people, what's blander right? Wrong. It was soooo delicious. That tempura just sopped up that broth like a mighty dinner roll. Needless to say, I was in heaven and ordered a second helping of tempura to finish off my udon. Early reviews for this place pretty much faulted growing pains associated with new eateries (service, wait times, etc.) We experienced none of that. We were there on a Saturday night and it was a packed house. Instead of poor/slow service, we experienced Fogo de Chao-like service with our own private army of waitstaff. Drinks were never half empty, plates never settled and the food never stopped coming. LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!
<review# 915,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2012,4/6/2012,72,446,22,32,25>Stop the presses!  Better yet, call 8th Wonder Spa of Glendale and make an appointment for an hour of pure bliss!  I'm so accustomed to going to high-end spas, thinking they will take care of my muscle needs, but 8th Wonder Spa proved they can relax my muscles for a fraction of the cost that other spas charge.  As soon as I walked through the door, the magic began.Surprisingly, the owner greeted me at the door, which is the same person that took my appointment over the phone.  I was quite impressed when I called to make the appointment because the owner was very accommodating and I recall him saying, "we're here for you", which was very impressive, as that's a gesture rarely given anymore by businesses.  Furthermore, I informed him of the online special I seen but didn't have a chance to print the coupon and he replied, "we'll still honor the price".  That online special was for an hour foot massage for $20.00.  Well, I'm accustomed to receiving full-body deep tissue massages and never received only a foot massage.  For $20.00, I thought it was worth a try.  My, my, my, I'm so glad I called 8th Wonder Spa!  The young lady that gave me a massage worked her magic like no other!  She started with a light face massage, scalp massage, shoulder massage, and arms and back massage, all while my feet were soaking in hot water.  Then I was asked to turn over and that's when I received the most rejuvenating back massage.  I heard and felt every snap, crackle, and pop in my back which was utterly therapeutic!  The ending of this fantastic massage was to my feet, and they were massaged like never before!  I'm having flashbacks of euphoria just reminiscing of the experience! Without a doubt, I plan to return to 8th Wonder Spa of Glendale.  I'm not one that likes to carry a lot of cash, but I had to bring cash, as this is a "cash only" business.  No worries, because it was worth the experience.  I was so pleased with the service, I told the owner I'll be back momentarily because I wanted to get more cash to give my masseuse a bigger tip.  I'm looking forward to my next massage!
<review# 916,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/3/2012,4/5/2012,2713,311,28,28,26>Happy Hour = Mass TimeFirst time here, I was a little creeped out. In a good way lol. I was a Catholic school girl and this place did remind me of those short times. But yeah, I totally love Mass time now more than ever. No really... How clever they are!?! The fries are delicious and the different dipping sauces are quite good... curry ketchup? Word. I've grown fond of their Vegan Apple Sage with sweet pepper, grilled onions, and sweet mustard too. best thing about it all for me is that they have Lindeman's Framboise... Peche and Kriek. So good I want one right now.Have you checked out The Book of Beers online? Fancy Shmancy!congregationalehouse.com…
<review# 917,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2011,4/4/2012,1472,495,22,25,24>This place is a culinary unicorn.When I searched Yelp for "Brunch" this place had the highest ratings...but when I saw the address I was perplexed.  Where?  Wha?  Huh?I had tried to make a reservation via email a few months before and was denied due to lack of space, but the best friend was having a birthday and I knew, come hell or high water, I had to get us in.After emailing this time, we were in!This place is basically a guerrilla restaurant run out of someone's loft.  It's only open for brunch Saturdays and Sundays by appointment only and it's off the beaten path but it's so very worth it.I could talk about a lot of stuff, the cool locale, the speakeasy-esque adventure of getting a table, the look inside the loft...but let's not take away from what is the best thing about this place.The food is freaking crazy good.No really, like, some of the best food I've ever had the pleasure of eating.Serious.I saw that there was a celery drink.  I thought, "why not?" and ordered it. It. Was. Amazing.  So refreshing and light, I even had a second.Then the lox.  Oh sweet Moses, the lox.  I always order lox. I love them.  And these are the best lox I have ever experienced.  Even the bestie, who is not a fan of fish at all, took a bite because it looked so good and she agreed...best lox EVA!She ordered the chile verde scramble and went to town.  I ended with the toad in a hole.  Squaw bread, quail egg, greens and a potato celery hash with hollendaise.  Words can't even do it justice people.And all this amazing?  3 plates, 2 drinks, a coffee cost me under 45 bucks.  Wow.Make sure to bring cash, but you won't need as much as you'd think to have one of the best brunches in LA...and maybe the world.
<review# 918,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2011,4/3/2012,1388,397,26,28,29>A Tam O'Shanter is:a. A famous poem written in 1790 by Scottish poet Robert Burns.b. A floppy type of Scottish bonnet.c. One of my favorite restaurants where you can find delicious prime rib, great beer, and epic customer service.d. All of the above.OK, well technically the answer is D, but really...have you read the poem? And just picture yourself in a floppy Scottish bonnet...yeah, I will not be rocking one of those anytime soon. So the real answer to the question is C. Tam O'Shanter is one of my favorite restaurants!!! Ding, ding, ding, we have a winner!!! I have been to Tam O'Shanter several times enjoying drinks and live music at the bar, sandwiches at the Ale and Sandwich bar, and the magical prime rib dinner in the restaurant. I can honestly say that every experience has been beyond amazing, and perhaps I have a bit of a "restaurant crush" on The Tam. The bar has a great selection of beer and live music on Friday and Saturday nights. On occasion you may even spy a band of marauding Pirates taking up residence in the bar. Think about it...a bar that has customers who dress up as pirates...does it get any cooler than that? I love the Cole slaw and housemade chips at the Ale and Sandwich Bar along with the great selection of freshly carved meat. I love the gigantic and completely sinful C.C. Brown's hot fudge sundae that must conclude every meal at The Tam no matter how ridiculously stuffed I am. But, there is one menu item that shines forth like a beacon of luscious meaty goodness...the one menu item that I crave on a daily basis and cannot get enough of...the one menu item that makes angels shed tiny tears of beefy happiness...the prime rib. I have an obsession with prime rib. It was always my choice for my birthday meal when I was a kid, and ever since then prime rib has had a special place in my heart. The prime rib at Tam O'Shanter takes me back to a place in time filled with the happy feelings of childhood birthdays and propels me into what I can only describe as a fluffy, medium-rare, beefy, land of giddy prime rib enchantment. Yeah, it is THAT good. I suspect they have found some super-secret way to combine their prime rib with unicorn tears, pixie dust and magic to make it so epically delicious...but I don't want to start any rumors...so you didn't hear it from me.There is something very magical and enchanting about the Tam. The building itself is a storybook cottage that looks like something out of Disneyland (FYI Walt Disney was a frequent patron) and really begins the wonderful Tam O'Shanter experience. The customer service is amazing and honestly some of the best I have ever experienced. It is obvious from the first moment you walk in the door that everyone takes great pride in what they do. There is a genuine warmth, concern, and desire to please that is exuded by the staff which makes it feel like you are having dinner in someone's home. The prime rib is great (and I love it and want to marry it) but it is truly the customer service that makes the Tam so very special and one of my favorite places on the planet.
<review# 919,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/28/2011,4/2/2012,392,810,31,26,26>11:03- Put our names in. Given 15 minutes wait.11:07- Lined up on the wall. Host Man gives us the rules. (You know, be good, tip well and ladies should hit on him.)11:17- Seated a whole minute early.11:25- Order placed for french press coffee, black magic pancakes (for me) and red velvet pancake (for CP).11:37- Coffee comes out and we are told to let it sit 2 minutes before pressing.11:39- We press, it rocks our socks off, we drink with gusto.11:45- Food arrives. 11:46- CP "I could literally eat this non stop for the rest of my life."11:50- CP "I lied about non stop... Unless I had an extra stomach to contain it."11:55- CP "Oooh starting to slow down. This shit is heavy."12:00- CP "It's turning on me. It's like a bad trip"One last bite... CP "Yeah F*ck this. I don't even want to think about this pancake."At first I couldn't understand why there was 3 pancakes in my oreo pancake pile and only one pancake in CP's red velvet pile but the truth was, oreos or not, the red velvet is truly so heavy. She's soo heavy. It's literally like eating a delicious breakfast cake. It's good but rough. Definitely not a solo person experience and percentage wise we both ate the same amount of our plates. For you smarties out there I'm sure you realize I ate 3 times what CP did and I was happy about it. The Black Magic was awesome. It wasn't overwhelming and didn't need syrup. Just a regular old pancake with oreos in it. As you can see by the time stamps this was both breakfast and lunch so hold your judgement. About half way through I ordered a side of sausage to prevent myself from getting a sugar migraine. The staff was personable and efficient. Even though it was so busy we were piling out onto the curb, I never felt rushed. We left a ton of food behind and that makes me sad but I do think they need to reconsider their serving sizes. It's really just not sound. Regardless, they have so many specialty pancakes I can't wait to give it another go but this time CP and I are sharing.
<review# 920,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2011,4/1/2012,1125,189,16,28,25>Oh wow. It is sooo beautiful up here. Definitely come at night... preferably on a clear night.. so you can see all the twinkling lights of LA. I looove planetarium shows and the ones here are fantastic. The shows are only $8 per person I believe and they are fascinating and mesmerizing! The screen is huge... it spans the entire top hemisphere of a dome. I've watched The Center of the Universe twice because I love shows that involve lots of star scapes :)The building is also beautiful with lots of marble and the exhibits are informative and fun. I've worked at two science museums in my day (would you like to buy a membership? attention! the planetarium show will be starting in 5 minutes!) and I always appreciate great museums like this one!Go here with your crush or significant other! It's so romantic :)
<review# 921,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2011,3/31/2012,337,367,23,14,14>You'll rarely ever hear me say this, but I'm drunk with love.  I think I piddled a little in my pants when I first arrived here.  I'm addicted and I don't want rehab.I called before coming and I coyly asked if they allowed cigar smoking.  Kim said yes.  Then I asked if they had free WiFi.  Kim said yes.  Then I had the audacity to ask if I could bring my dog, Maddy.  Kim said yes.  Kim is awesome and so is this place.The partially shaded patio area is huge and the ivy columned verandah gets a nice breeze in the summer day.  The cabanas make you feel like a celebrity.  While inside, they have music videos and comfy but classy couches with pillows.  It's the kind of scenery that would welcome a model photo shoot, and it did.  It makes you forget that you're in the city.My first day here, I spent 10.5 hours hanging out.  I had a delicious brunch with Maddy.  Then I invited my neighbor. and we had tea and hummus.  Then I invited my friend and we smoked cigars and ate Middle Eastern food until they closed at 11:00 pm.The service is excellent.  The waitresses, Kim and Daniella, are as friendly as they are beautiful.  They regularly check on you to see if you need anything else in a non-bothering way.  I"m in heaven.They don't serve alcohol, which is a great change.  There's no drunken kids yelling or fist pumping jerks.  The clientele are well dressed and respectful.  You can relax and enjoy the day or evening.I've asked if I can get my mail delivered here.  Kim said maybe.
<review# 922,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/28/2012,3/30/2012,550,360,11,21,12>We've visited the Puchella Winery Tasting Room twice in the past two weeks.  First we went in on date night - just the two of us.  And we thoroughly enjoyed the wine and the laid back atmosphere.  When we found out that we could bring food and snacks in with us, we came back the following week and brought another couple with us.  We tasted everything on the wine menu on Thursday night and all ten wines were fantastic.  We fought over which one to purchase there and decided on the Cabernet Franc.  It was absolutely delicious.  So we purchased a second bottle...  ;)This is a nice little hidden away spot.  Being in old town Newhall makes it feel rural and the relaxing vibe extends into Pulchella.  There's no pressure, no rush... they just enjoy wine and welcome people who also enjoy wine.  This is definitely a spot that we'll return to and continue to bring guests to.  It's not often we find a winery where we like all their wines, so finding one close to us is a treat.  If you like red wine, this is the place for you.  They only had one white wine featured on both of our trips.  I'm a red wine fan so I'm happy.  And they even have a tasting menu arranged with Salt Creek Grille so you can bring in fantastic pre-made snacks if you choose.  Kudos to the folks who opened this tasting room!  I hope it continues to be a regular spot for us.
<review# 923,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,3/29/2012,1208,188,15,24,18>My boyfriend and I had a date here on Friday, cute right? I had read in previous reviews to request the upstairs for an occasion such as a date, so upstairs we were seated. It was a bit less hectic  up there, so I appreciated that tip. It was cool to look down at the hustle & bustle downstairs and I felt like I got a visual of the entire menu since we were right above the kitchen - VIP n' shit. Our service was great and much appreciated. The menu was spectacular and crawling with variety and appealing options. I liked the bottle of water left on the table for self serving (my dude's thirst is nearly unquenchable).With no hesitation, we ordered the brussels sprouts, summer squash & tempeh bacon appetizer and for my sick self, the lentil soup. The brussels sprouts dish was so appallingly delectable, we were both beside ourselves. This had to have been one of the most flavorful things I have ever eaten, DO NOT SKIP THIS APPETIZER. The lentil soup was also very good and was exactly what I was looking for. Salty: The key to my heart, with a modest slice of olive bread laid on top.I ordered the Portobello Steak Dinner which came with a few thin portobellos that were cooked in wine - The flavour was NOT to be missed, I don't suggest it to anyone who doesn't appreciate a red wine. The flavour of the wine was prominent and utterly fitting. The caramelized red onions served on top were the perfect accent. Served alongside were garlic mashed potatoes and broccolini (I think there were some pieces of zucchini in there too?). Very good and kept well overnight. My boyfriend got the Tempeh Po'Boy with mixed greens. I only had a bite, but it was very good. The delicate texture of the fried cauliflower was shockingly tasty! He went on and on about his sandwich and it also kept well into the next morning.We could not believe how excellent our experience was here at Sage! Thankfully it's very close to us and even if it wasn't, we're very much looking forward to returning and trying EVERYTHING on that menu! The desserts at the neighboring tables looked great, even more so, the juices! We were both very impressed and would highly suggest this establishment to anyone looking for innovation and creative flavours in a meal.
<review# 924,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2011,3/28/2012,231,244,27,19,16>If I saw Food Lab in the club, I'd totally tap that.Me and ever-unimpressed Ciara G. walk in with high expectations, and I do believe they were all surpassed.  I weighed on a few VEG options, but I ended up with the gorgonzola, fig compote, and pear sandwich.  It was gone before CG finished her first half.It was like a really intense, short-lived love affair; but in the end, it was totally worth it.Homemade dill pickles served with the sammies!  I was totally digging their complimentary cucumber citrus water.For an additional $2.50, I got a watermelon, cherry tomato, and feta salad.  Beautiful like a Sunday morning.The place is small, reasonably priced, and a perfect go-to lunch jawn.  Exceptionally friendly cashier to boot.Like any other hit it and quit it, it's nice to know you're in my neighborhood.  Kisses.
<review# 925,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/29/2011,3/27/2012,411,92,27,28,27>Eater LA says this is the best burger in LA. I'm skeptical, yet intrigued.I wasn't too hungry when I got there so I planned on eating half a burger. However, I soon realized eating half of such an amazing hamburger is downright un-American. It's almost like spitting on a bald eagle.It comes on an English muffin with a bunch of toppings options. Whoever decided to put this huge burger on an English muffin must have been a genius, mad scientist. It soaks up the juiciness and ends up being great. I got cheddar, bacon, and red onion confit 'cuz they're all awesome things. The patty was a perfectly cooked, hunkering wad of fatty juiciness. The incredible bacon was cut up in small, crispy strips, which ensures you get just enough in each bite. The onion confit brought nice sweetness. And overall, the burger was nicely salty. The sweet potato fries were compulsively good, and the shoestring fries were grab-a-handful-and-stuff-my-face good.My brother ordered the burger with all 8 toppings. Jesus. When I saw this devilishly beastly burger, apparently no phrase in the English language was capable of capturing my reaction because all I could think was "hijo de mil putas." For all the above reasons, the Bowery is home to LAs third best burger.
<review# 926,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,3/26/2012,1463,415,35,40,40>DEEP FRIED SHRIMP TACOSWTF?!How did I NOT know about this?!These suckers yelp.com/biz_photos/5xFB… are BOMB.I tried opening up one to see what was inside..shrimp, onion, cilantro, tomato, and something that looked/tasted like masa de maiz w/ real corn chunks(you know.. the stuff they use to make corn tortillas, tamales, pupusas, etc.)They are topped w/ this sauce yelp.com/biz_photos/5xFB… that is SO effin good it's no joke..it's made w/ cabbage, onion, cilantro, fresh tomato puree, lime juice, etc. (correct me if I'm wrong.. :P)and they put a sh!tload of avocados on it too! OMG..and they only cost $1.75 each.They sorta taste/smell like dumplings..a much more crunchier/crispier dumpling. xP Add some Tapatio on itand VOILA~ yummy, crunchy, spicy, lime-y tacos :]'''''''We also had theirTOSTADAS DE MIXTA yelp.com/biz_photos/5xFB… $5.00 -shrimp, octopus, and fish..w/ fresh tomato, onion, cilantro, and lime.deeeeeeliiiiiiiiciiiiiiiosoooooooo.Total: $13.75 \o/ wee~Service: The owner came up to us to talk to us about their menu.               Cool guy :]               The food took about 5 minutes.Parking: street parking of course!                not too hard to find**We took our food to-go..   they packed us a whole avocado and a half   + extra limes   + all sauces on the side so our taco doesn't get soggy.   awesomeeeeeee :]     MmMmm...*burp*
<review# 927,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2011,3/25/2012,139,1138,22,23,24>If you ever get the opportunity or invitation to watch a screening here keep your invite as this movie going experience is not to be missed. I was lucky enough to attend the screening of Cherry. the movie here last weeks as it was part of the Beverly Hills Film Festival. My dear friend David Crane, wrote and starred in this film. Seeing a film that a friend had a part of is exciting all together but seeing it at the Clarity Theater at the Beverly Hills Film Festival is a whole 'nother story. CONGRATS DC I am so proud of you and your film was awesome! I would like my signed DVD ASAP! Parking was available for $6 in the structure below. A quick elevator ride then takes you to the main atrium like lobby. The screening room itself was cush and cozy. The seats were super soft and comfortable. HOLLA at the double arm rests! And talk about L-E-G ROOOOOOM, there was plenty of it. Screen was slightly smaller than your average movie theater screen but the sound was pitch perfect. I really enjoyed my screening experience and here's to returning to many festivals to come to support a good friends film.
<review# 928,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,3/24/2012,235,413,9,16,11>I loved the Musha in Santa Monica, so I was super excited that they opened one here in Pasadena.The menu is almost the same as the other locations with some slight variations. We pretty much ordered everything on the menu.Tuna Tartare-  Little disappointing.  They served it with fried wonton strips instead of the crispy rice cracker.Torched Mackerel-  A must if you come here.Uni Pudding-  Unique, I like!  Uni on top of steamed soft tofu.Ebi Mayo-  OkMFC (musha fried chicken)-  Was expecting average fried chicken bites, but it was actually really good.Cheese Risotto-  Another must if you come here.Service- GreatA little noisy and I'm sure there's going to be a wait for dinner once people start discovering this location.A bit on the pricey side because you'll want to order everything.
<review# 929,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/23/2012,3/23/2012,782,622,14,14,14>A GREAT HAPPY HOUR SPOT.We decided to check out the happy hour at the Hudson in West Hollywood. It's located on the corner of Crescent Heighs and Santa Monica. There isn't a parking lot so it's either street or metered parking.When you walk in it reminds me of a nicer version of a dive bar if that even makes sense.  It has the dive bar ambiance and the beer stench but there are candles lit up all over and cool artwork on the wall.The second we walked in we were greeted by one of the staffers.  He said we can sit wherever we want and we choose the corner table with an open window looking down at some sort of employee parking lot. We looked at the Happy Hour menu and was quite pleased that the selection and price was very good for the location. I think my friend ordered hefeweizen beer which was 1/2 off so it was $3 (reg. price is $6). They also had $3 glasses of wine. Since it was Fat Tuesday they had a few specials in honor of Mardi Gras so we ended up not ordering from the happy hour menu.  We had shrimp sliders which was a 5 star dish. We also had the jambalaya which I didn't care for. It was like eating regular spaghetti so I was bummed but oh well.I LOVE this place. It has a very chill vibe. If you don't like the typical hollywood scene but live in the area, this is a cool place with really good service. Happy hour is 4-7pm and late night from 10-2am (drinks only).
<review# 930,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/31/2011,3/21/2012,875,170,26,24,27>Back when Jennifer Carlson* and Michelle Branch were ruling the airwaves, "emo" was the new "alternative," and Jennifer Aniston was on her 3d new hairstyle in two seasons of Friends, I used to come here on the regular. Rattler's distinguishes itself as an independent dining establishment in a valley full of chain restaurants. Barbecue purists -- those patient enough to slow roast or smoke their barbecued meat -- loathe this place; the typical Santa Claritian -- most noticeable for their rear vehicle window decals -- love it.  I want to say I know better, sidle  up and rub elbows with the cool kids, and write in my brag book** that this place has nothing going for it.But I just can't.Nary a time have I visited this place and thought of diner's remorse.  When I come here, I have only a smattering of menu items in mind. Their tri-tip is tender and soaks in Rattler's signature barbecue sauce quite nicely.  On a good day, and probably dependent on the particular cook, their chicken is prepared slightly charred and crispy on the outside, while remaining tender and moist on the inside. The words "tender and moist" are words I usually reserve for my most cherished objects, which extend far beyond food...and women... and I really don't know where I'm going with this.  But...They have a variety of sandwiches, sure. And their desserts are actually really good.  But when you look past their main entrees, people really rave on about their full salad bar and their garlic rolls. You can add on a trip to the salad bar, to any meal you order, for a couple of bucks.  And, I'll have to tell you, you can get full off their salads alone. Routinely, I'll be filling up on this, with half of my meal ready to be packed home. (Psst... I love how they dice the tomatoes and cucumbers, too.) The garlic rolls are a great compliment to Rattler's barbecue sauce; or maybe it's the other way around.  Still..Boom!  Winning.And while I've been here many-a-times and never had the inkling to write a review, I just had to today. It's not too often I can say that I "had a day," but today was one of them. And after a domino-effect of one bad news or setback after another, it was kind of nice that some of the staff members put their bad day radar on and tossed in some extra garlic rolls to go. I'm pretty sure their wait staff goes through special ninja table waiting skill courses to achieve the utmost upper-echelon levels of customer service.While I may have trouble facing my barbecue connoisseur friends with my admission of fervor over Rattler's, I'll never have trouble showing my face inside its hallowed walls.- Will*The singer of concern is actually "Vanessa Carlton," as pointed out by, what I'd like to assume is, her biggest fan.  The reviewer apologizes for the confusion, or to the real Jennifer Carlson, wherever/whomever she may be.**The reviewer really doesn't have, nor once had, a brag book. The sole mention of a brag book was to enhance the entertainment value of reading this review. Any assassination of this reviewer's character, for associating his self for owning one, shall hopefully be repaired hence forth.
<review# 931,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,3/20/2012,361,411,15,17,17>I haven't tried their "XL" cupcakes yet, but I had a couple of their mini ones, and these are pretty tasty! I had the lemon one, the double chocolate, and the red velvet. They're light and moist, and the frosting is pretty light too. Proportion of cake and frosting for the minis were great, but I'd have to try the larger ones to see if those are as good too. I wanted to try their carrot cake cupcake but didn't get a chance to, so maybe next time. Plus they offer special flavors of the day, so be sure to check out what it is. At $1 per mini or $5 per 6, it's worth a try!
<review# 932,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,3/19/2012,1250,1174,16,23,19>A visit to Little Tokyo just doesn't feel right without a pit-stop at Cafe Dulce. I have been a big fan of theirs for a few months now, and I felt like it was time to give the Yelp world a little update. Simply put, Cafe Dulce is definitely an up and comer in the third wave coffee movement. While they use LAMILL coffee, I feel that their baristas have an edge on LAMILL's Silver Lake staff; offering consistent results every single time. I have yet to have a bad coffee experience here and that is thanks to Frank and James and their great staff who are enthusiastic and eager to learn. My usual orders include: house-made mocha & green tea roti bun and their velvety, rich Dulce latte. Boyfriend had their version of the bacon glazed doughnut, and that too was pretty good (although the roti bun has my heart for sure). If you're in the area, definitely pay them a visit. They're also the only good coffee shop until 10PM in DTLA (everyone else closes around 6PM)! I've tried all the coffee shops in this area, and they're definitely the best.
<review# 933,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2011,3/18/2012,253,588,30,27,28>Now THAT's a Veggie Sandwich! su.pr/AaAzuK...and now you're thinking: "Crazy girl. Who orders a Veggie Sandwich at an awesome deli known for their Pastrami Sandwich?" To that I say: "Get over it. That means more pastrami for you."Sure, it may have only been lettuce, tomato, cucumber, avocado and spicy mustard on rye with a side of pickles but my vegan needs were exceeded with the most impressively stacked veggies in a deli-style sandwich. Nice work, Langers!
<review# 934,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2011,3/16/2012,181,30,26,49,44>I was lucky enough to stumble across this place when my Dad took the entire family out for dinner for my little sister's 11th birthday and boy was I surprised. I would definitely consider this another little gem because it's the type of restaurant that you probably wouldn't even notice as it doesn't draw too much attention to itself. And honestly, that's what I love about this place. Once you enter inside you feel as if you're right at home. I suggest that you eat outside at the patio where it is ordained with twinkling lights that just fully completes the ambiance. It was so beautiful. Now onto the food! El Caserio specializes in Latin American /El Salvadorian fusion with a hint of Italian as well. Their menu is pretty diverse and unique offering a wide selection from meats to pastas to seafood. When I was here, I ordered their Llapingachos Con Carne Asada and it was AMAZING! If there was any reason for you to come back here, it would be because of that entree alone! The steak was cooked to perfection and the meat was so tender that it basically melts in your mouth!I also loved how it came with grilled potato patties that had cheese inside it and eggs that perfectly complimented the entire meal. It is definitely a MUST TRY if you're ever here, hands down!Also I personally recommend trying their exotic juices! You can't go wrong with their Maracuya or their Guanabana but what I personally like to do, is tell them to MIX both of them so that I have the best of both worlds! Their juices are so delicious and refreshing that at least for as long as you're here, makes you forget about the craziness of the outside world. Lastly, I would just like to touch on the service. The servers here are extremely friendly and personable and they always have a smile on their faces. Granted the food here can be a little pricey if you're eating in a large group, but that would have to be the only complaint I have about this place. El Caserio is a private personal getaway that not a lot of people may have heard or seen about, but trust me when I say to you that this is a definite MUST TRY for people of all ages! Believe me. Your tongue and your stomach will thank you! (:
<review# 935,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2011,3/15/2012,512,281,23,24,20>I KNOW??! ME??!! Reviewing a VEGAN restaurant????! And giving 5 stars at that?! Yes, I'm a meat-eater, so my bias is naturally against this place. With that said, I've discovered vegan as a wonderful cuisine and this is probably the best of the best in vegan that I've had to date. My history with vegan food is one that should go right in the genocide/war section of the history books. It hasn't been a good one. But I'll admit it, I've experimented a bit. So confused. I may be bi-cuisinal. Some of the vegan food and meat/cheese substitutes I've had  in the past were....how do you say....NAAASTY! But this place literally started my love affair with vegan. Oh SunCafe, GIRRRL *3 snaps, V-formation*,  I owe you one!From the look of everything, the place, the food, the menu, and the staff, you could spot the vegan from a mile away. But from the taste of the food, you may think twice!! Everything tastes really fresh and you can tell it's vegan food, but at the same time, everything tastes as delectable as any meat dish. Their substitutes for sausage, chorizo, and different cheeses are amazing. And they taste like what they're substituting (to an extent). It's crazy! Given, it's all a bit messier because they can't use the products that hold things together, but just grab a napkin and go on witcha bad self!My coworker is a staunch meat eater and resisted me for so long in eating vegan food with me for lunch. But I finally broke him down at his weakest moment and he accompanied me to dine-in. He was highly skeptical, but in the end, absolutely LOVED the food he had. Meat eaters, use him as an example, you will not regret trying this place.Here are things I've had and would recommend trying:--SunPower Pizza (which may be called the Supreme Pizza now, not sure)--Raw Kelp Noodles - choose pesto sauce over marinara, yum! (and yes, you can tell it's kelp, but it's not super-fishy if that's what you're imagining)--Italian Sandwich--Sun Nachos--Portobello Sandwich--Lasagna Bolognese - a bit smaller than expected, but delicious.--Any of their shakes! I've tried their cacao, sweet kale, pineapple superfood, and mint shamrock. DELICIOUS!! And for dine-in, it looks like you get a HUGE shake in comparison to take-out, but it's one of those deceiving malt glasses. It's the same amount--yes, I tested. NERD.--Against my initial judgments, their desserts are actually really good too! The Fruit Flavored and Cookie Dough Cheesecakes are yummy, despite lacking the essential dairy ingredients needed for cheesecake. These people are either vegan magicians in the kitchen or they made a deal with satan because this stuff is beyond any expectations you will have. Oh, and the staff couldn't be any more friendly and accommodating. That's always a HUGE plus. Just try it once! You'll be hooked....and healthy!  BTW, parking WILL give you trouble, be prepared.Also, they massage their kale...teehee.
<review# 936,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/28/2011,3/14/2012,877,577,8,14,10>NOTE: They make CUPCAKES ONLY & cake pops. (No custom cakes or anything like that)OWNERS: Mom & Daughter team. Pastry chef graduating from Le Cordon Bleu Been meaning to check this place out for a while, finally got a chance when I bought a dozen cupcakes for a birthday dinner.  Chocolate Chip Breakfast, Vegan Cookies n' Cream, Sundae, Southern Red Velvet, Chocolate Covered Salted Caramel, & CarrotLong line already at 10:20am.Price is OK considering they are "gourmet". You can easily spend $30+ here. $3.00 Regular Cupcake ($33/dozen) and $1.50 Mini size ($16.50/dozen)There is a limit on how many you can purchase so you don't wipe them out.Call ahead to make sure they have not run out or ask them to set aside something for you.(In the afternoon, I saw on their Facebook page that someone drove 35 minutes to only find out that they had already sold out).Awesomeness! I've been experiencing DRY cupcakes at other places lately and there hasn't been a place that's really impressed me... until NOW.All the cupcakes were moist, icing was perfect. All the guys were a fan of the Chocolate Chip Breakfast Cupcake. My sister is a Red Velvet person and both she and my husband LOVED the cake for that one. There was not a flavor I didn't like. However,I'm partial to anything chocolate. Out of all of them I found the Chocolate Covered Salted Caramel cupcake pretty addicting.... Can't wait to go back!
<review# 937,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2012,3/13/2012,677,2172,11,22,14>Claremont Hills Trail is like Griffith Park's modest little sibling. The trail is very well maintained, wide, and easy on the legs (not a lot of gain). Overall, a moderate hike with ample shade at the beginning miles. I was very amused to see people bringing their pomeranian on the trail. If those dogs can do it, you surely can! Also a few folks were using the trail as physical therapy to regain muscle strength. Since the trail is SO well maintained,there are many trail runners and mountain bikers. There are 2 main trails -- Burbank Canyon and Cabol.I think Cabol is ~ 5 miles total (out and back) -- 2.5hrs maxand Burbank Canyon can be ~15 miles? There's street parking and lot parking ... lots of it, but you want to go early to get spots as it does get crowded. No camping allowed (no overnight parking). If you get there 2-6am, parking is restricted to 1hr.To get here... just look for Pauda Hills Theatre..it's very close by. From I-10E .. get off Indian Hill then North to Baseline and Left onto Mills Road.Take that to the end of the road which leads you to the parking lot. NO ADVENTURE PASS REQUIRED! Free parking! There's also a bike trail just off the opposite ends of the homes -- I think it connects to the SGV bike trail? Oh! And since the trail head abuts smancy high end homes, you'll have to keep your noise level down there. :)
<review# 938,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2012,3/12/2012,5000,1442,16,20,24>Natas Pastries, or a Portuguese Cafe?  Both?  Both!  Not sure of how this pairing came about, but if I were to make up the story...In the summer of 1977, a young, brave, and beautiful danish girl was traveling thru Europe by herself after her high school graduation.  Several weeks into her travel, she was on a train in Italy going from Rome to Venice, and it was on this train where she first met a young and handsome Portuguese man.  They were both shy and inexperienced, and didn't say a word to each other.  They would glance, look away, and glance again.  Occasionally, their eyes would meet and they would do a quick smile to each other.  They both knew.  When the train finally arrived in Venice, the young man offered to help the beautiful Nata off the train with her bags.  She gladly accepted.   Paying more attention to each other, they stumbled into a lovely cafe.  The stumble fell into love over an espresso & and a Cannoli Siciliani.  Their first kiss was so natural, and left a bit of chocolate on their lips.  It was from there, and the days and weeks following, that their love blossomed.  They soon realized they had a shared amount of interest and passion in sweets, fresh vegetables, and Portuguese sausages.They would talk while holding hands during long walks along the sea, wandered thru tiny streets and small towns in France and Spain, and while laying in sunflower and lavender fields...they'd stare into the sky, and discuss in detail how they could spend the rest of their lives together.  For the rest of that summer, they continued sharing their dreams of cooking and baking, and the days, turned to weeks, to months, and to years.PRESENT DAY -- 30+ years later, it's a dream come true.  A lovely European-style cafe, with the same casual and enjoyable cadence, no stress, take your time to sit, and enjoy the company of friends and family, while eating and enjoying many fine foods.PASTRIES -- An amazing display of 2 cases of all types of pastry!  Between Italian, Parisian, Jewish, Portuguese, and other types of baked goodies -- way too difficult to make a decision, so repeat visits are very necessary.  Alya and Olga, who are specialists in tantalizing people with who have big eyes (I didn't say big bellies, but it also applies), may even tell you everything is fat-free -- BEWARE!  The only way to enjoy this guilt-free is to believe in the romance of 1977.MENU -- A large amount of selections (50+), choose from breakfast items, sandwiches, salads, and entrees.  All very reasonably priced.  For example, their breakfast and savory crepes are a value at $4.95-$5.95.  Cheese plates, soups, all types of good stuff!AMBIANCE -- Offered are both indoor and outdoor seating choices.  The decor inside is absolutely lovely, Danish-style white & blue tiles, sconces, chandeliers, and outlined dark woods.  Outside, 6-8 tables.  Although, you look onto the parking lot -- you'll be paying more attention to what's on your plate, then, making certain that something delicious works it way onto your fork.  It's nice to dine outdoors on a beautiful morning or afternoon.CONCLUSION -- Having lived in Sherman Oaks for over a year, it took me a great while to stop in and try Natas.  Now that I have, it seems that I've made a grave mistake not coming here sooner.  No fret, I will be soon be back, and often, as there are a great many things to try.  I would highly recommend this special place with a 5 star rating.NOTE -- It is with great pleasure to have my 400th Yelp review be for Natas Pastries!
<review# 939,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2012,3/11/2012,883,542,15,22,16>Naturally, being from Beijing makes me a Peking Duck snob.  Random trivia:  Did you know that I could eat two thirds of a whole duck all by my little lonesome?  The first time I came to Duck House was back in September of last year, with a yelp friend no less.  That time, I think I once again, exceeded all expectations by single-handedly putting away almost the whole duck.  YUM!Then, last week, I was fortunate to find myself there once again!  And this time, there were no limits to the amount of food we could eat.  There were three of us and we ordered a whole duck, plus maybe 7 or 8 other full size entrees.  I shit you not.  Our table was so full the waiters had to find all these creative ways to make space and the table of four old Korean guys sucking on toothpicks at the table next to us were just floored with horror.  Oh and fuck the whole calling in ahead for the duck nonsense.  We strolled in like triad kings at 7pm on a Friday and ordered duck and whatever the fuck else we felt like with no one mentioning anything about having to make a reservation.  In fact, we ordered one duck and told them we MIGHT order another one later.  And they were totally fine with that.  Without fail, we cleared up the whole duck within minutes.  It was soooo good!  Better than I remembered.  The sauce was good.  The duck itself was okay.  I love crispy skin.  The duck meat was completely separated from the skin though, and I like a little meat on the skin.  Overall, the sauce and the warm flour wraps made the duck meal.  And what's peking duck without tons of sauce and onion sprouts and cucumbers?Notable other dishes include this huge angry looking fish covered with orangey sauce and pine nuts.  That was really good.  It wasn't supposed to have bones but still had some.  So don't wolf it down.  Have you ever choked on a fish bone?  Not pretty.The eel rice was kind of disappointing.  It was a huge vat of sauced up rice with some pieces of eel.  At this point, we were so full we could barely breath.  The duck soup was DELICIOUS.  And I would skip this dried out vermicelli covered shrimp creation that the restaurant came up with.  Who wants to eat tons of vermicelli with shrimp?  Especially when you are already so full you can barely move.We also got this really good drink, called suan mei tang.  It's a Chinese drink and they made it very authentic.  We had a great time there and the service was so friendly, especially for a Chinese restaurant.  But I think it's b/c we ordered enough entrees for a table of ten.  Our meal for 3 came to maybe $200 before tip.  That was probably overkill.  Normal people, you guys can probably eat there for much less.   This is probably the best duck restaurant I've been to in LA.  The only other one being Tasty Duck.  And I prefer Duck House.  If anyone knows of better, more authentic places for peking duck (NORTHERN STYLE!  None of that folded bun crap), please drop me a note.  Or better yet, take me there and watch me eat a whole duck!
<review# 940,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/23/2011,3/10/2012,1422,462,14,22,21>Lucky me! This was my 3rd (and definitely not last) visit to CUT. As usual, dinner was (almost) perfect and the meal was very delicious.Unfortunately, the Japanese Wagyu is temporarily not on the menu and it's been like this for about a year now. The US put a ban on Japanese Wagyu due to suspected infections, but CUT now imports their meat from Australia and New Zealand and it's supposedly as good as the Japanese Wagyu. We ordered:- Bone Marrow Flan- Maple Glazed Pork Belly- USDA Prime, Illinois Corn Fed, Aged 21 Days - Bone in Rib Eye- USDA Prime, Illinois Corn Fed, Aged 21 Days - Bone in New York Sirloin- USDA Prime, Nebraska Corn Fed, Dry Aged 35 Days - Petit Cut New York- 2 American Wagyu - Filet Mignon- Beef Short Ribs (complimentary as individual appetizers)- Creamed Spinach with Egg- Wild Field Mushrooms with Peppers- Yukon Gold Potato Puree- Banana Creme Pie- Mascarpone Donuts (with mascarpone on the side)The Pork Belly was much better this time. The first time I tried it, I wasn't impressed. I was hesitant to order it this time, but since this was Grace P.'s first time at CUT, I wanted her to have the full experience. I'm glad that we ordered it, because my taste buds were very happy! Of course, the Bone Marrow Flan is also a must. I can eat a dozen of those in one sitting. The fiance and I usually stick with our usual appetizers when we come, but we received complimentary appetizers of the Beef Short Ribs and they did not disappoint! This may have to go on my list as another MUST whenever I come to CUT. The curry and other flavors worked perfectly with the very tender short ribs.Meat-wise, my favorite is the American Wagyu. I loved the Japanese Wagyu when I first tried it and it literally melts in your mouth, but after one too many bites, it becomes a bit too fatty. The American Wagyu is still fatty, but not quite as fatty as the Japanese/Australian/New Zealand Wagyu because it's a breed of 2 different cows. It's the perfect amount of fattiness and you can actually finish the whole steak without feeling gross and like.. a cow :)Everything else was delicious. Even though we were stuffed, we had to order 2 desserts and although I'm not a fan of banana desserts, the Banana Cream Pie with the creme brulee hit the spot. The only downside to this was the slow service (dinner took over 3 hours) and the fact that I had to get up quite a bit for people to access the elevator. But honestly, that's nothing to really complain about. Compared to other restaurants, the service is exceptional.
<review# 941,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/5/2012,3/9/2012,720,657,17,26,24>Mama's Lu is my FAVORITE place to get juicy pork dumplings! IMHO, Mama's Lu rocks Din Tai Fung's socks off!!! The juicy pork dumplings (XLB) isn't as small and the prices are cheaper. If you follow me you would know I've already reviewed the one on 153 E. Garvey... but after eating here, this place deserves it's own review. ;) While gallivanting around town with some friends during Super Bowl Sunday, they thought  ahead to make a phone order so we can get some good take-out for the party. It was early afternoon and between normal eating hours, so staff was quite accommodating when we were placing our massive order. It was super convenient that we were able to make a phone order with our ETA.Stopping by for the pick-up, I really enjoyed the updated decor which goes in a different direction from it's other locations (it's got that modern cafe feel). The food has the same authentic flavor and quality, but the decor seems more welcoming to a younger hip-crowd. There are multiple large flat-screens on the walls and the manager Ramon said there is free Wi-Fi! This restaurant is noticeably larger, and appears to have more tables suited for big parties. Even if all tables were at capacity, with the spacing provided you won't feel crowded (the very high ceiling and large windows helps also). What I remember eating:XLB- Juicy and larger than Din Tai Fung's *yes, I had to say it again* =DPan fried Dumplings- So good with the vinegar!Beef Wrap- Almost Chipotle burrito sized! O_OGreen Onion Fried Pan Cake- Thin and good "pan-flavor"House Chicken Wings- Winner, winner I can just have these for dinner! Is it Star Anise I taste?! Whatever seasoning they use it's not your average soy sauce marinade, juicy and better than your average "game-day" fried wings.Salted Fish and Chicken Fried Rice- Pretty good with the older crowd, salted fish is pretty pungent so don't know how non-Asians will take to it. XDShanghai Style Rice Cake- Classic flavor, Koreans will find that it's like the rice ovalettes used in Dduk Bok-kiShanghai Style Chow Mien- Noodles are thicker, similar taste to the Rice CakeBeef Chow Fun- Good beef flavor, it's like a mix of North and South China food here! =)Chinese Spinach and Pork Wonton Soup- Good that we were hungry and ate this fast, not good to leave sitting for longChrysanthemum with Honey- Best thirst quenching drink!Final words: Check out this new location (grand opening was just 5 days ago), before it gets off the heezy! Better for dine in, but just as good for take out. For all you fools who buy your dumplings from Trader Joe's, start picking up your home-style frozen dumplings here instead... TRUST.
<review# 942,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2011,3/8/2012,1168,209,15,29,23>My friend had been dying to try Mozza for a while, after he got a recommendation from his Italian friend, who made the audacious claim that Pizzeria Mozza has the best pizza he's ever tried in LA. And since this guy has garlic and olive oil running through his blood, who better to trust for pizza recommendations?!Combining a few recommendations from his friend and the waiter, we ordered one antipasto, two pizzas, a bottle of wine and a dessert:Antipasto: Ricotta with artichoke, pine nuts & currant relish $12House made ricotta, creamy yet still had the distinct lumpy texture of a ricotta, topped with toasted pine nuts, a sweet currant relish and roasted artichoke, drizzled with a fruity olive oil and rosemary. The dish came with a side of two crusty pieces of grilled bread which was the perfect textural compliment to the creamy, buttery ricotta!! It was so delicious, I think at one point I may have just grabbed a spoon and started eating it like gelato or something...Pizza #1: Bianca with fontina, mozzarella, sottocenere & sage $19Hands down...probably top 3 pizzas I've ever had!... the buttery, truffle-laced sottocenere and the crispy sage create a really earthy combination of flavors and take this pizza over the top. I'm. In. Love!!!!Pizza #2: Coach farm goat cheese, leeks, scallions, garlic & bacon $17After removing the bacon, I really enjoyed this pizza too...the creamy goat cheese and the sweet, thinly slivered scallions and leaks are clearly the stars of the dish. Very nice...Dessert: Butterscotch budino, sea salt & rosemary pine nut cookies $10Sweet Jesus. This dessert is the ultimate Yin and Yang! Creamy budino, spiked with Scotch, topped with warm caramel, a dollop of whipped cream and sea salt.  This is a signature Mozza dish for a reason...it's so simple and yet so perfect!The 1800+ reviews and countless articles on Mozza can't possibly do justice to its culinary excellence...excellence that quite easily places it on my top 10 best meals ever!
<review# 943,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2012,3/7/2012,842,430,26,28,28>Contrary to popular belief, there ARE a few things in the 909 area code that are worth making the drive if you're not from the area.Eureka Burger could be one of those things.Located in the Claremont Village, Eureka is a perfect setting for getting together in either their indoor or outdoor dining area with some friends while enjoying a burger or one of their many beers on tap. The menu definitely has variety but come for the burgers or beer. The fig marmalade and jalapeno egg burgers were bursting with flavor and could definitely compete with any of the burgers that I've tried in LA and OC.So get it out of your head.  909 is not only known for the San Bernardino mountains, crystal meth, lifted trucks, dirt bike riding, cows, farms, backward hat wearing fellas and Tapout or Affliction shirts. Yeah it might be far from where you live.But you never know when you'll be in the area and craving a burger.bit.ly/9anuJH
<review# 944,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2011,3/6/2012,1355,253,33,40,42>She's been here for a long time. impressing me eternally with new-found nuances. Comfort like the kind I find in my favorite jeans. Unexpected like the details I've yet to find while staring at the Mona Lisa. Not the bar that I bring my friends to when I want to hear their stories. The bar that I bring my friends to when I NEED to hear their stories. A friend calls to tell me she's eloped in Italy. With a stranger whom she's only known for five minutes. I'll say, "Hold that thought!  Meet me at Lolas!" The decision to listen in while sipping a pear-infused vodka martini or a chocolate and mint mojito, sharing caramelized bananas with our legs stretched out on a vintage leopard chaise while I hang on for dear life to her every word will be the right decision. Speaking of decisions, I'd be here if the decision were mine when choosing the meet place for my most longed for first date. (You know the one) Whatever your favorite color eyes, they are his. The air between the two of you might catch fire if ever you were lucky enough to stand within his arm's reach. His arm's reach..... at that thought, you've now likely fainted. Sorry! He speaks the languages you want to learn. Describes pretty as a girl who looks just like you. Uses words like "destiny". Phrases like "Meant to be". Speaking of destiny, you've written him a letter. Why can't you hold it in and play it cool?!! You pour your heart out. Regret every word. But the moment you press *send*, you've been written the same letter!  Well, ALMOST, but not quite the same letter verbatim. He said it only SLIGHTLY better than you ever could have said it. Ladies, were this date mine to have, I'd bring him to Lola's. I'd buy that new dress. (You know the one) The price tag tempts you to take a hammer to your own thumb if it could prevent your credit card from leaping out of your wallet to buy it. This garment's designer had your very frame in mind when he designed it . For God's sake, buy it! It will look good on you at Lola's. The soft-lit rooms of Lola's will smile in your direction while you are smiling in his. Over-anxious fools that we all REALLY are at heart, be you. After that you are on your own. I can only take you to the water.;-) West side of Fairfax. Street parking or valet. Seats at the bar located stage left after you enter. Hostess stage right if you need a table. Walk into the next room to score one of the lounges or couches. Come EARLY if you NEED to score it. Walk even further to try your luck at the pool table. Sunday brunch with bottomless champagne. Multiple happy hours. A price fixed-dinner menu is usually available for one night of the week. My favorite drinks. Pink grapefruit was my favorite last summer. I thought I loved the pear martini. But Lola's clear mint mojito with a hint of cocoa is my new crush. Marries with the flour-less chocolate cake like words to a page. Gluten-free friends, Lola's menu is not hard to eat or drink from. For your special occasions calling for cake, the flour-less chocolate is as beautiful and decadent looking as it tastes. Take SMALL bites. They will be almost too heavy on your fork to lift them. Massive strawberries and fresh cream. White and dark chocolate layers hide a sinfully delicious underneath like the carefully-chosen undergarments residing beneath the above- referenced dress. Me and Lola go way back. I started at Lola's for an always-amazing drink before I made my way to 'Tuesday nights' at Nationel. Or 'Monday nights' at Joseph's. Or one of the other seven nights of the week, equating to an 'it" night belonging to an "it' club. Those places are long gone along with my finger's grip on the pulse when it comes to the newest 'it' clubs. The velvet ropes that seem to guard such glorious glamor become posts for hanging "Closed for business" signs. Not Lola's. Some things outlast the fads. They get better with time. They grow on us. They grow with us. Am I anything like that lavender-haired nerd that  I was in high school? The broke one from a broken home who worried about the woes of the world? Damn it! I hope so! Like your favorite jeans, or Mona Lisa's smile, some things will never go out of style. I will bring you here all the time. Every time that I NEED to hear your stories.:-)
<review# 945,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2011,3/5/2012,920,518,33,41,37>"Doing research on the Web is like using a library assembled piecemeal by pack rats and vandalized nightly." - Roger Ebert                                        Well, not quite that bad but sometimes you just have to ask a librarian. After getting nowhere on the Web, that's exactly what I did. You see, ever since I reviewed Beverly Gardens Park yelp.com/biz/beverly-gar…, I've been curious about the Betty of Betty's Garden. Who was this much-loved woman whose family dedicated an entire rose garden in her honor?  Guilty of using the Web for the majority of my research, it had been way too long since I'd been here but I was still able to find the reference desk. "Hi, I'm trying to get more information about Betty's Garden in Beverly Gardens Park."With a determined smile, the reference librarian Googled Beverly Gardens Park. First up was my Yelp review. She didn't connect me with the review (Yes, I had a real picture posted. Guess I look better in person?), got the same non-information from the links that I had already perused then recommended I talk with the Art & Architecture reference librarian on the second floor and directed me to the elevator. I took the stairs."Hi, the first floor reference librarian suggested I ask you about Betty's Garden.""In, the park across the street?""Yes. I'd like to learn more about the woman, to whom this garden is dedicated."Without missing a beat she said, "You need to call Parks & Recreation Administration. They answer questions about the plants and trees in our parks all of the time." I jotted the number down and thanked her. Whether they are able to divulge the skinny on the mysterious Betty remains to be seen. I'll keep you posted.Task at hand completed, I allowed myself to wander a bit. The "Quiet Study Room" just may become my new "office"; long work tables, large windows, Internet for when I need to remove myself from "home office" distractions. Even a place to grab a cuppa on the premises, Kelly's Coffee & Fudge Factory!  Great titles at substantial savings in the Book Store (they take donations) or download eBooks and AudioBooks with a BHPL Library Card (don't have to be a resident to get one). And Live Homework Help is available, wow!  More at: beverlyhills.org/service…
<review# 946,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,3/4/2012,8,82,45,108,55>Look, keep your expectations realistic.I've been skiing/snowboarding my whole life in WA, OR, CO, and British Columbia - so I assure you I know what's what.How's does Mt. Baldy compare to Mt. Baker, Mt. Hood, Whistler, Copper Mountain?  Not good and it's not relevant.Realize that you're in Southern California.Qualities that make Baldy a winner in my book:- An hour outside L.A. proper- Great terrain- Beautiful views- A chill staff- A crowd of experienced skiers/boardersWith that said, coverage can sometimes be spotty due to the lack of SoCal snowfall, and a lot of days are spring skiing conditions.  However, when a good storm comes through - this place can hold its own for what it is, and retain that snowfall a few weeks later.I usually roll solo, and each time I end up randomly meeting pretty cool people. Sure it's a bit dated and rickety, but it's got killer terrain, good deals, and a loyal following of skilled die hards.  Respect.So, in conclusion, depending on who you are, I would locally recommend:Stacked with attitude and love to hit the park?Mountain HighWant to look good more than ski?  Total noob?  Can't wait for apres?Big Bear/Snow SummitWant that exclusive hob-nob scene, accept nothing less than top-notch facilities, and runs that are a mile long?MammothLooking for a convenient outing, willing to leave the attitude at the door, shred some solid terrain, and utilize the current conditions to kick some ass?Mt. Baldy
<review# 947,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2011,3/3/2012,260,93,8,17,8>Yay. A new place for my beloved Japanese Curry. Plus they give you a free mug since they just opened. Everything is authentic and the people speak Japanese.Anyways, I went today and I was surprised at how small the interior was. There wasn't that many people but I can see that once people realize how amazing this place is, some problems are going to arise. The staff was friendly and you can tell that they genuinely wanted to help you.So you look at the menu and there's basically four steps you have to follow. You pick if you want spicy or mild, you pick the amount of rice you want, your sides, and the type of curry you want. The menu has a wide variety of curries including vegetarian style, so you won't worry about not finding something to eat.Ordered:1. Chicken Katsu with Thin Sliced Beef (Mild, Regular Rice)- The chicken katsu here is so tender and it tastes great with the sauce. The sliced beef has a lot of fatty pieces, but it is complimented with the rice.2.Side of Sausage and Beef Curry (Mild, Regular Rice)- Mmmm I'm just salivating at the thought of these sausagees. Man, they are just delicious! The beef was very tender, however it was a bit dry. I wouldn't recommend this, but it tasted decent.P.S. I think the sausage and the chicken katsu are some of the greatest things on the menu!..even though I still have a bunch to try!The curry here tastes really homemade and it won't leave you feeling heavy afterwards. I agree with Winnie H. that it's not like Curry House, where the curry is totally overpowered by the saltiness. You can actually taste the spices and the homey feeling of it.They offer other things including mini plates, salads, kids meals, and fries. They even have tuna and hoki, which I've never seen at a curry place. The pricing is cheaper than Curry House, but with the sides it would add up to be the same amount. However, I have to note the I enjoy this place better than Curry House. They don't skimp out on your food! Also, unlike Curry House, they also offer Nan (plus clam, eggplant, okra, kimchee, dumplings, etc). They even have Keema Curry, like Curry House, and different types of chicken.Don't be fooled by the size of this place because it truly offers a great experience. I HIGHLY recommend coming here. I can see myself being a regular here. Hopefully not too many people will come crowd this place because I don't want to share their amazingness. hehe.
<review# 948,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2012,3/2/2012,1813,600,9,18,13>I love when Asian eateries name themselves something like this, completely unoriginal and obvious. I'm sure the actual translation is something else but it's funny nonetheless. Hmmm, let's call our place Hole in the wall in rundown mini mall....genius. Even so, this was a pleasant surprise though the initial disappointment of them not having the condensed milk toast permeated the rest of the meal. The food is all good hearty fare, most memorably a nice ginger chicken in rice plate. Spicy minced pork with egg on rice was also nicely done, as was a fairly good rendition of mayonnaise shrimp. It's not much to look at, and it's quite busy but it's comfortable enough and service is friendly. I'm still disappointed that we didn't get to try the toast but I'm sure we'll be back because the food is good and the price is right. Come early if you won't the toast.Best Plates: baked pork chop rice, spicy minced pork  with egg on rice, ginger chicken, mayonnaise shrimp, preserved meat stir fry, egg flower soupPalate: Moderately exoticFood - B+Ambiance - B-Service - B+Value - A
<review# 949,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2011,3/1/2012,1381,245,30,31,24>Yes, I am one of those people who will drive 10 miles out of my way to kill a most heinous cookie craving. Case in point: a weeknight voice in my head screaming "you need a macaron and nothing else on earth not even three mountains full of ice cream and a lamborghini will make up for it." Drastic, but 100% true, promise. Problem is, bakeries are totally daytime type places, so when this devilish sugar demon hits you at 8pm and you're frantically trying to drive around to find the last open French bakery, well, sometimes you lose. Lucky for me, 'Lette macarons is within walking distance of my work office, so although I had to wait until the next business day, the craving was eventually satiated [ed. note: waiting time is directly proportional to craving size - I ended up with a box of 6]. The verdict? The rumors are true - these crunchy, chewy, ganache-filled babies are the real deal. Favorites included the coconut, which was infused with a coconut-flaked filling and topped with toasted coconut flakes, and the vanilla bean, which knocked the socks off of a hardcore chocolate-fiend. Raspberry was delish as well. The only problem? I may have to chain myself to my desk to not spend my entire life savings on macarons. And, eventually, the lap band.
<review# 950,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2011,2/29/2012,432,279,16,12,13>Tip 1: There is parking across the street. The curb is high and there is a tempting iron scaffolding bridging the LA River. You will want to cross it. Instead, cross the street.Tip 2: Chilequiles for $6 Act now and they'll add beans on the side. Call within the next five minutes and they'll throw in some eggs done your way on the same plate. Mention me (if you're a weirdo) and you get a choice of a drink with that and that can include coffee. Yes, the cost is still only $6.Tip 3: Eat outside on the patio and play "dodge the sprinklers". Seriously, it's fun, and the smell of fresh grass combined with fine lightly evaporated sprinkler mist is a lovely combination on a warm spring day. Improvised seating arrangements comprised from garage sale couches tucked up against garage sale tables is the very definition of "funky".Tip 4: Breakfast is served all day but they close around 3pm. Tip 5: Bring your stretchy pants and a laissez-faire attitude.Tip 6: Damn you're greedy for tips. Zip up your fly, treat others nicely, you only live once, nice guys finish last, burping is NOT polite.
<review# 951,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2011,2/28/2012,1201,1068,12,19,14>Through yelp I found Mario's Italian Deli and Market. The name says it all. Not only is this place a pretty nice and old school deli but it is a market where you can buy things that you might not find at local markets such as ralphs or albertsons. Located in a cute city of Glendale I find myself drawn to this area more and more. Mario's was a great lunch date and I am happy that I went to go and try it out!When you first walk in you should go and grab a ticket because that is what they will be calling people to take your food order.I waited fora  little bit to be exactly sure what I wanted to get and grab.A line had already formed but I was in no hurry that day. I decided to get the mortadella with pistachios in it! Now you might be wondering what type of meat is that. But it is pretty bomb thinly slice cured pork. It is a staple in Italy and I do like to eat it!Soo I was amazed at how quickly I got my sandwich and also how huge and gigantic it was!! The bread was nice and fresh plus the right amount of vegetables inside!! I only ate half and took the rest home for a nice dinner later on!!
<review# 952,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/15/2011,2/27/2012,1372,104,11,20,16>When we were younger, my parents used to take us here for our birthdays. My mom's dental office is nearby and just about everyone's her patient including the lovely ladies that work here. Ever since I could remember, the four of us would split the boat, which is definitely enough food for all of us. Teriyaki chicken, beef, salad, miso soup, 4 choices of sushi, and 2 appetizers....we always had leftovers to bring home...Pass forward to 2011. New ownership, the boat is gone, but they now have a lunch special for 6 bucks! Soup, salad, rice, a roll, a teriyaki dish and some ice cream...Food is still good and service still friendly. Bonsai also has an all you can eat option but for the price of 26 bucks during dinner, I'll go elsewhere if I wanna gorge.AND for those of you who want a beer with your meal, they offer both American and Japanese brews. They also have wine or sake if you fancy that.
<review# 953,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2011,2/26/2012,971,448,71,61,61>Dear Roger,It might be a little early in our relationship for me to tell you this, and I certainly don't want to freak you out, but I think I love you. For real. And I don't even eat ribs.Don't get me wrong, I've heard from mother, brother, and boyfriend alike about your awesome beef selection. But I am, myself, a poultry kind of girl. Thankfully, your pulled chicken sandwich--a goodly sized bun heaped with tidbits of barbecue saucy white and dark meat, accented with coleslaw--stands up as the very best in the Valley. Believe me, Rog. As a poultryandsometimesbacontarian, I know that the chicken dishes at some beef-oriented barbecue joints can, well, suck a prime rib. But you never disappoint, and that's why I love you. Or maybe it's your cheesy-peppery macaroni and cheese. Come to think of it, it could've been the beer-battered fries, or the bacony-baked beans, or your AMAZING barbecue nachos. Maybe it was the moist, dense cornbread. Or the fact that I'd never tried deep-fried corn on the cob before you and now, having done so, never really need to do it again. But it means a lot to be able to say I ate it, you know? And you're the one I have to thank for that, Roger. So thank you . I don't mean to creep you out or anything, but I've a feeling I'll  be around a lot these next few weeks. Or you can just come to my place. You deliver free, after all. Unabashedly Yours, Elizabeth "poultryandsometimesbacontarian" C.
<review# 954,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2011,2/23/2012,2719,2132,44,59,52>I have a sweet tooth.  Don't mention dessert when I eat because I will stop eating to save room for that.  I appreciate different kind of dessert; sweet dessert and not too sweet one.  D'odici is definitely the latter oneThis 3 months old Korean bakery is a nice addition to Pasadena.  The place was so cute, clean and comfy.  We enjoyed peanut butter bacon souffle, dark chocolate mousse and large mocha while listening to Christmas songs.Peanut butter bacon souffle: this souffle was not too sweet and had a very nice flavor.   I can't really describe it . All I can say is mmmm yummylicious. It reminded me of Japanese baked cheesecake( they sell that @ Japanese market ) with thin layer of peanut butter and bacon crumbs on top.  Me likey..Dark chocolate mousse: the frozen mousse had cheesecake texture. We were debating if it's really frozen mousse.  The worker confirmed that it was cheesecake.  The portion was perfect for me and it wasn't too sweet.   It tasted like cheeseless chocolate cheesecake.Large mocha: The coffee wasn't bad. It was a little too sweet for me because I liked my dessert to be sweeter than my coffee.  I choked on my coffee and I could taste how sweet it was inside my throat.  Total damage was $14.  Yes, it's pricier than typical dessert place but the souffle was HUGE.  I couldn't finish it in one sitting.  I asked for a take-out box and the sweet pretty girl asked if I wanted her to refrigerate the cheesecake.  What a sweetheart!!  The other dessert place that offered me that was the famous Pattisserie Chantilly in Lomita.Order coffee and get a complimentary souffle cake if you come between 8am-noon-dine in only.I got lavender lemonade and salted caramel souffle on my second visit.  The lavender sparkling lemonade tasted like liquid lavender.  I like the salted caramel souffle better than its peanut butter bacon souffle.I got apricot souffle with purple haze on my third visit.  The apricot was my least favorite but the blueberry extract purple haze wasn't bad. 4 stars!!  I am a fan and I will be back!!D'odici's salted caramel souffle is yummylicious!!
<review# 955,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,2/22/2012,421,332,57,28,31>I love feeling fat, it really is the best.Every morning I wake up with the goal of working out and if I actually get the motivation to put on sneakers, I like to head to Runyon since it is so close and makes me hate myself.  Wake up, beautiful day, shoes on, circle for parking, out of breathe, watch pregnant women pass me.  Yuck, why am I so slow, my lungs, is that a woman carrying her dog in a bjorn?   Every time I head out, I have the best intention.  I am angry with myself about 10 minutes in.  At minute 11 I promise I will workout more often.  At minute 20, I promise myself I will give up on life and become morbidly obese.  At the half way point I decide it isnt so bad, I should take the longer route, rarely does this happen.  Walking down the hill, I forget all my promises and think of the sandwich I will have for lunch.  So why am I a fan?  I really do feel good after finishing the hike.  It is the closest hike to my home.  Beautiful views, I feel super cool standing above the city and looking out.  There are bottles of water being sold at the entrance I enter on, it is on your honor, leave a dollar, take a bottle.I promise, this weekend I am going to go.
<review# 956,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2011,2/21/2012,1839,601,57,23,21>WOW! I always knew strip clubs were ghetto but this one takes the cake!I really wasn't expecting it to be THAT ghetto. Ok, it's in the hood near skid row and they have flashing lights that you can see from a mile away.All the cars were fit for my TCOTW (Tacky Car of the Week) category. All chrome and gold if you know what i mean.I don't think there was a cover charge, I don't really remember because I was DRUNK but I do remember walking in and thinking I was in a movie.I wanted to turn around and walk out but I didn't.It was filled to the max with MS13 gangster looking people.  There were plenty of females too for it being a strip club.  It seemed more like a bar with entertainment as oppose to a strip club with a bar.  People were hanging around like it was a house party and it just wasn't the typical strip club.The girls were nasty, cellulite and fat everywhere.  but I didn't care, I must've threw away about $400 dollar bills.I just wanted to see some dancing and titties, which i saw. Even though they served alcohol, some were topless.Would I go back? Probably since I LOVE strip clubs but maybe NOT on a saturday.When we got shots at the bar, it was legit, but when we were sitting in front of the strippers, the waitress brought over watered down shots.  That is a NO NO. but again, i was too drunk to say anything.
<review# 957,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2011,2/20/2012,368,157,19,15,17>Part 5 of a Series: The PMD Chronicles (How I Fell in Love with a Murderer)Men of America, take note: the way to a woman's heart is indeed through her stomach. Well, perhaps just mine, because other ladies I know would rather you pepper them with liberal compliments or diamonds. They are, after all, a girl's best friends. Me, I'd rather you surprise me with a tin of caviar instead of some jewelry. You can only eat one type of baguette, and it's not the 3.5 karat kind. Luckily for me (though perhaps not my waistline), my darling knows just what gets my motor purring, and he made a reservation for the two of us on a recent Sunday evening at the eatery Providence in Los Angeles. After a few minutes of conferring, we agreed on the nine course tasting menu sans wine pairing (125$/pp). I started with the Slow Burn, a superb tequila based cocktail infused with jalapeno. It was potent but stoked my appetite. From the bread basket, I opted for the whole wheat nori slice, while my date went for the bacon brioche. He dispatched his within moments, grunting happily. What a blood mouth.The march of amuse started - a playful screwdriver suspended in a sphere and a mojito cube, served beside one another on spoons, followed by a cracker basket which included the most luxurious salmon skin, crisped and redolent with the fish flavor. Fantastic!The Santa Barbara sea urchin hidden beneath soft scrambled eggs served in an egg shell was superlative. If I could be drowned in something, it would be this, not a poorly thought out midnight swim in the Pacific. (Take note, murderer!) Each course was timed expertly, prepared precisely and plated as lovely as artwork. This is exactly what it was: edible art. Yet, somehow, between the halibut and the salmon courses, I felt the alcohol working its soporific effect on my body, a dastardly combination with jetlag. Do you see where this is going?Yes, dear reader: I fell asleep during a nine course tasting menu at a two Michelin starred restaurant. OK, perhaps "asleep" is an exaggeration; I only nodded off. Repeatedly. I might have sleep eaten the veal course, dumping most of it unceremoniously onto my date's plate because I was stuffed. Whenever I opened my eyes, I saw other diners grinning at my drowsy face. Whatever, you jerks! I was on vacation! You are all celebrating birthdays! (No, seriously: it seemed that everyone dining here, with the exception of me and my date, had a birthday candle plunked into their dessert plate. Is there something I need to know about Providence being the birthday destination restaurant? Doesn't anyone go to Friendly's anymore? Don't you have Carvel cakes and Fudgie the Whale out in California? Stop laughing at me!)I managed to perk up during the cheese course when a server trundled out a laughably enormous wooden cart topped with an array of cheeses. "I suggest three or four," he said."Give me your stinkiest cheese," I mumbled, and he laughed, swiping through a curd with a spoon. It looked like a custard and smelled like feet. Yes: it was delicious. We also went with a Comte, a blue, and a truffled cheese."Most people shy away from the smellier ones," the server said, gently slivering our selections onto a plate."You cut that cheese," my date intoned."If I had a nickel for everything I heard that..." The server laughed and wheeled the cart away. If this were a cartoon, there would be stink lines emanating from everything. I felt like the poor cat with an accidental white paint stripe being pursued by Pepe Le Pew."This is the best meal one could have after getting out of prison," my date sighed loudly."The parole board was kind to you," I agreed, patting his arm.I devoured my entire dessert plate - a burrata ice cream beside an almond cake that supplied a much needed spike of sugar to my blood stream. Normally, I don't like sweets, but this was savory enough to pique my interest. The mignardises were three charming bites of fruit flavored macaron, gelee and marshmallow. Excellent: more sugar to keep me awake during the car ride back to Los Feliz.As we sat there, savoring each flavor and sipping coffee, the party that had been seated beside us got up to leave. One of the women stopped in front of my date and said, "Congratulations on your parole!" before exiting. He and I just stared at each other before erupting into laughter.Total damage: 125$ per person for nine course tasting menu, 34$ for two glasses of Gruner Veltliner, and 15$ for the Slow Burn cocktail so you are at about 325$ before tip. Try not to fall asleep during your dinner.Dear Providence, may I suggest a new motto for your restaurant? "Providence: Where You Go to Celebrate Birthdays and Paroles" has a nice ring to it, no? It's got to be better than "Providence: Providing Somnambulists Sustenance." Hey, sleep eaters need a good meal too.
<review# 958,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/3/2011,2/19/2012,676,626,21,21,17>Throughout my 27 years on this planet, there has been only one Mario who holds my heart. That would be the 8-bit, Italian plumber who hangs out in pipes and has a brother named Luigi and a pet dinosaur, Yoshi. Well, dear Mario, you have some competition that even Princess Toadstool would get her panties in a bunch about: Mario's Peruvian Restaurant.Mario's is located in the heart of easy Hollywood access (Vine & Melrose) but don't expect any pretentious glitz or glamor. Housed in a small plaza (parking is a bit rough but try the street in front of the church across the street); Mario's lacks any Hollywood aires. In fact, upon stepping foot into Mario's, you will be accosted by harsh lighting, uncomfortable seating, and wall decorations involving Jesus Christ. Truthfully, Mario's looks and feels much like a dinner in the basement of a catholic church. The only missing factor is a dilapidated organ. Despite not being the highest echelon in terms of ambiance; Mario's makes up for it in the food realm. The food here is simply delicious! My boyfriend and I ordered two entrees, planning to share both. Turns out, one entree would have been more than plenty since portions are large enough to feed an army of Koopa Troopas. We ordered the basic Lomo Saltado as dish number one and Calamari in Lemon Salsa; while nibbling on very soft, very fresh, and very bad for me, dinner rolls.The Lomo Saltado was beyond perfect. The fries were large (home-style or steak type fries in size) and not overly greasy while the beef was tender and had an in-your-face delicious grilled flavor. Rounded out with red onions and a lovely sauce, this was Lomo Saltado to dream about. Served with rice, it feeds two people easily. The Calamari was also top tier cuisine. Another huge portion, the calamari was crisp (but not overdone) on the outside and tender on the inside. The batter included wonderful spice which was accented by the tart lemon sauce. Served with an onion and tomato salad, it is refreshing and filling.Service is so/so. The waitress won points when we stated that we were freezing and she proceeded to turn down the air conditioning, but then lost it throughout the meal as she hardly attended to us and we kept having to flag her down. Plus, the dining room (just a large room with tables) is super loud and somewhat awkward which doesn't help matters. Again, Mario's is all about the food so don't expect to impress a date with anything but great Peruvian dishes.My heart will always be with the 8-bit man who isn't afraid to wear a raccoon suit or jump around on the back of a dinosaur; but when it comes to Peruvian food: Mario's is the winner in my book. 1 Up.
<review# 959,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2011,2/18/2012,3695,1087,12,20,16>The Getty is stillll one of my favorite places in the world. I can seriously spend an entire day here. From the tram ride, to the gardens, to the galleries...everything is a breath-taking experience. The art inside  the museum speaks for itself so I wont even try to explain how amazing they all are. Aside from the art inside the museum, there is sooo much art to look at all around. In fact, the Getty is an art piece in and of itself. There are amazing fountains and water features, sculptures and landscaping, and don't even get me started on the view! You can get an entire panoramic view of the beautiful city of Los Angeles from the Getty. There are also lots of tables and seating areas throughout the Getty where you can drink coffee, read a book, study, enjoy the view, take pictures, share conversations, find inspiration, fall in love, etc. If you plan on coming to the Getty, come early in the morning to look at the different exhibits, then grab lunch at the Getty restaurant. heck, grab a glass of wine as well. Then spend the rest of the afternoon in the garden and soak up LIFE.TIP: Come on a sunny day & bring a blanket to lay out on the grass. Don't forget to bring sunblock :)
<review# 960,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/26/2011,2/17/2012,580,347,11,20,13>I've been away from Yelp for way too long but after today, would be doing Brothers BBQ an amazing disservice if I didn't get my butt back to reviewing. After finishing up a meeting, decided to take the "scenic route" on Crenshaw Blvd instead of a more direct route back to the office and was overcome by the smoke coming from behind this small yellow building. A quick u-turn and parking on the side street led me to nirvana. It was past lunch so with no one else there, was able to place my order and be out in a few minutes. I haven't been this excited in ages and after popping open my to-go container and pulling out a piece of tri tip, first noticed the smoke ring before dipping it into a generous puddle of sauce that had formed at the bottom; both were amazing. This meat was done to perfection with the sauce done the same way. The beans had just the right amount of flavor and the sweet potato pie was damn good too. The lunch special is a STEAL and grabbed their menu for future studying. You know, so you don't look like a newbie staring at the one on the wall on your next visit. My only disappointment was I didn't realize they had 7UP cake and honestly almost turned the car around when I discovered that an hour later. Service is friendly, the food is amazing and I'm already planning my next trip back.
<review# 961,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2012,2/16/2012,718,358,19,30,23>It's long overdue for me to write a review for The Monkey! I absolutely love this place. The atmosphere is always laid back and everyone is friendly and supportive of your singing no matter how off-tune you are! There are plenty of amazing singers here, but don't be intimated. We're not professional singers, it's karaoke! There's no apologies to it!Monday-Friday, they have karaoke from 4pm till last call. Saturday and Sunday starts from 8pm. Expect the place to always be packed on Friday and Saturday night (minimum walking room).  Sunday-Thursday are always good night to come, but it can become busy with unexpected large birthday parties...so you'll never know! Plus, there are random celebrities that love to sing that stops by on weekdays (you'll see their wall of celebrity photos when you enter this place). Monday is 80s night, so you'll have plenty of 80s videos playing intermittent throughout the night and it's highly encouraged for you to bust out a 80s tune.Drinks are pretty strong here and they usually average from $8-10. Expect to order 2 drinks here since its required or else you'll have to pay a cover. The waitresses are pretty aggressive on making sure you get your minimum drinks, so get your drink on yelpers! Service might be slow here because it can quite busy with only one or two waitress at this place. Sometimes, it's better to start a tab with the bartender instead *hint, hint*My only complaint is that I always smell like a tortilla chip after I leave this place. The ventilation on the kitchen seems poor, but they make a some great fried chicken and fries!Parking is free here in their lot. All you need is to ask the bouncer for a validation ticket when you leave. When you get out, it can be a bit tricky especially if you had a few drinks. Put in your validation ticket first, which will scan and come out. After you've done this, put in your original parking ticket that will open the gate. Good luck!The rules of this place is to put in one slip at a time. You can put in a new song once you finished your previous song. You'll always have a good time here singing on stage or singing along at your table! If you see me there, say hi! Till next time!!!
<review# 962,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/22/2011,2/15/2012,1561,540,21,23,26>Eating at the Boiling Crab was more than just a meal, it was an experience. It started as an idea of a place that we should eat at for fathers' day that was central to my wife's dad and us. We had heard about the Boiling Crab many times, so we decided that this would be a good occasion to give it a try. ACT I We arrived in the parking lot outside of the Boiling Crab at 11:30AM, and it was scheduled to open at 12PM. There was a couple of cars parked right out front, and when they saw us pulling up they headed to the patio to wait outside the door. At that point, I knew it was going to be chaos eating at this place. We slowly worked our way towards getting our family up onto the patio to sit on the benches to wait. We were the third group there, so we figured we were in no problem. *Fast forward to 25 minutes later* ACT II People were all over, and the patio was packed. The was no line or way of indicating who arrived there first. However, a woman who worked there bravely squeezed out of the front door to put our names on the wait list. It was a mad dash by all to get on that list, regardless of who was there first. I watched the kids, while my wife fearlessly jumped in to the crowd of people. She was able to get our names on the list with only some mild shoving and bickering. After that, we were seated about 15 minutes later. ACT III Once seated, we were presented with a small menu consisting of different types of crab, shrimp, and sides. The hardest part was selecting which type of crab to get because that was really what we were here for. None of the crabs had any prices listed, and just said "Market Value". I know that it is not unusual to see that on a menu at a Seafood restaurant, but I found it amusing that it was for almost all of the main dishes. We really didn't know how much what we were ordering was going to be, and we didn't bother asking either. We decided on king crab legs, dungeness crab, and shrimp as the main dishes. For the sides, we ordered corn, sausage and fries. The kids got kids meals, which were a lot less messy and less intimidating to them. Act IV When we got our food it was packed in a clear plastic bags that the server pulled out of a bucket. The sides were also included in the bags, except for the fries. Everything was so good that it almost worth waiting for all that time for. The king crab legs were especially delicious, and the shrimp was tasty too. I personally hate having to peel, crack, and tear apart my own food just to get to the meat, but it was an awesome meal. After we were done, our table was a big, heaping mess of shells and trash. Act V When we received the bill, we were shocked by how reasonable the price was. The check was no where near where I thought it would be. In looking back at the experience, the food was amazing and the price was good. The only down side was dealing with other customers being obnoxious, and some of the food taking a while to come out. It was somewhat understandable since it was fathers' day, but I wouldn't be surprised if it is almost as packed on regular basis because of how good it is. I would love to go to The Boiling Crab again, and would also like to try out some of the other locations. Great idea Val for fathers' day!!!!!!!!!
<review# 963,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2011,2/14/2012,700,318,20,20,20>So I've come around & tried other sandwiches, salads & soups as well as the coffee & dessert/cookies from here.  I'm a big fan of their soups!  And I'm a fan of their online ordering so you don't have to wait in line.  Although trying to use their iPads to place orders was hectic the last 2 times (card reader didn't like my swiping method) until I got smart & just set up my online account w/ a permanent CC # so I could use it in-house or from my computer.The prices are a bit higher than other sandwich/salad joints here on Brand Blvd but it's the closest to my work and it really helps that I can do an online order, get my items for immediate pick-up within 15 minutes and just grab it from the pre-order to go cubbies by the front door!My fave soups (which come w/ a dinner roll on the side which is kinda dry so I always put a Note to swap out for their spongy soft delish Focaccia bread instead - no extra charge!) that had the lower end of calories, cholesterol & sodium are:SPICY LENTIL DAHLHARVEST CORN CHOWDERBULGARIAN RED PEPPERSandwich to eat on site (don't bring back to your desk 'cos it gets soggy real fast):FAJITA CHICKENSandwich I can take back to work:HOT ALBY(but I swapped the Ciabatta for the Focaccia bread - I think I prefer the Ciabatta)My coworker swears by the Spicy Chipotle Chicken Sandwich - but since I'm trying to watch my calories - and the chicken is fried, I ordered a salad instead and found I liked:DAWN'S VEGAN SALADI tried the SOUTHWESTERN SALAD and it was all romaine lettuce & tortilla strips...and almost none of the corn, avo, 3-bean mix, cheddar, carrots, green onion...which I didn't realize until I got back to my desk.  Very disappointed.I also tried the CHINESE CHICKEN SALAD but BE CAREFUL!  They literally serve it on a bed of shredded raw cabbage - no flavor whatsoever.  It tastes MUCH better if you ask to swap it out for romaine.NOTE:  All "small" salads are the normal full size portions.  Be forewarned that if you order the "large", you either plan on sharing with 1 or 2 other people or you like being a moo-moo and graze your way through it all day long.I tried their Vanilla Non-Fat Latte and it had a weird alki taste to it - must be the syrup they use - PASS on the coffee.The cookies & danish pastries are all tasty.  But here's a nibbly TID BIT for those of you who made it to the bottom of this review - they carry "Day Old" cookies & pastries at 50% off on the bottom shelf of the display case & the bottom two serving trays behind the display case (just discovered that today).  I bought both a DAY OLD OATMEAL RAISIN COOKIE & a FUJI PEAR COFFEE CAKE.  Soft, chewy, moist, delish!  Go with the DAY OLD!  It's 1/2 price so you can get twice as much or save 1/2 your dough for tomorrow.
<review# 964,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2011,2/13/2012,707,1492,25,16,15>A Carnivore, an Omnivore and a Vegetarian walk in to a Vegan restaurant...and all leave more or less satisfied!  Ha!  Tell me another one!No, this actually happened.  I was the Omnivore.  And by Omnivore I mean that I really haven't crossed paths with edible things that I won't eat.So we shared a large Caesar salad and a bruschetta appetizer.  The spell check wants me to change "bruschetta" to "brunette" but that would make this a completely different review.We all asked questions of the server.  The carnivore among us pretty much grilled the server...in a good-natured sort of way.  I guess since there was no flesh around to grill, the server had to stand-in.The server was well informed and only had to consult the chef once on how things like the dressing, cheese, etc. were made with no dairy and also no soy...they seem to be soy free as well.  GMO's and such, you know.Long story-short...the Omnivore and the Vegetarian would return, the Carnivore was pleasantly surprised at the flavors and textures but had to dash down the street to Burrito King for fish tacos immediately after the meal and probably won't be back.By the way, I had to commit to visiting a Brazilian place where they saunter around with swords loaded with hunks of roasted flesh in order to get the Carnivore to stay...
<review# 965,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/5/2011,2/12/2012,11,10,4,40,39>ABC Moving Center was great! I actually couldn't get over how professional they were - I got an email confirmation after I called to book, and then they called to confirm the day prior to the move. They showed up on time and were super fast. They actually would have taken less time, but I wasn't done cleaning off my furniture and they had to wait for me!I have already referred my cousin to them, and I would refer anyone else to them as well.
<review# 966,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/15/2011,2/11/2012,1523,799,9,22,17>I'm an avid recreational cyclist who enjoys an occasional spin class.  Why is Pedal Spin Studio better than other studios? Quality instructors.  Class variety.  Locations. New equipment. Clean.Spacious.Parking.Close to freeway.Early and late classes.Fun.Benefits of a spin class:Weight loss, exercise high, energy boost, friendly community, accessible to all levels of fitness. I've taken classes at their Montrose location a few times and now that they have a South Pasadena location it gives me double the options of classes I can take. All the instructors I've had have been different and I've liked them all. I would have to give a special shout out to Melissa Gutierrez who is very focused on specific core control, proper positioning of the entire body and making sure the bike is fit for each individual.  She plays heavier music that appeals to me personally and she takes requests prior to the classes on FB. She doesn't rely on a mic, rather she knows everyone's name and constantly gives slight and helpful corrections to make sure every minute is pedaling with precision. Bryan Yates and Cindy Bell are also great friendly staff and I look forward to Cindy's class this weekend.Thanks PSS for the rocking mornings that help me through the rest of my day.
<review# 967,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/17/2011,2/9/2012,484,473,14,15,15>This review goes out to my good Yelp pal Maryanne D. Thank you for suggesting Sake 2 Me for my date night. Finally, a sushi joint near my house that is the bomb. You know a place is awesome when you can't find parking in the lot or on the street. Get ready to park and take a walk. Don't stress people it's good exercise to work up an appetite. My wife and I arrived late on a Friday night and the place was still busy. The second we walked in we were greeted by friendly and energetic staff. The wait was 15 minutes for two but it was so worth it. While we waited, we tried to find people we know on the wall. They have tons of pictures of everyone who has eaten here. It's like trying to find Were's Waldo with friends, unfortunately we could not find you Maryanne D.For dinner we ordered the AYCE for $21.95 a person, now that's what I'm talking about! The best part of the AYCE are all the side options you can order. We had some salad, muscles, calamari, miso soup, and some edamame. For the AYCE we ordered a Dynamite, Golden Tiger, Hot Night, Volcano, and the Albacore. Fresh and delicious melt in your mouth sushi, we were in heaven. It was so good some belt loosening occurred. For the price you pay Sake 2 Me can't be beat, the quality of sushi here is amazing.I can't wait to come back here for a future date night. My mouth is already watering thinking about this place.
<review# 968,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/25/2011,2/8/2012,385,356,14,16,16>Tony, the first time bar owner...now beer mecca, revamped Dart's Away and made it his own stylish pub in the heart of Burbank. With over 30 beers on tap (no bottles allowed!!!) carefully selected from Los Angeles and San Diego breweries only, a wide variety of IPA's and non-IPA's are available to your taste buds.In the mood for a Stout? Or how about an Ale? Just ask the very informative bartender what you like and they can pick your favorite friend to sip on. My favorite pleasures have been the Nitro beers. Pressurized with nitrogen, the beers are so smooth and creamy, it taste like fluffy clouds.Offering Vegan and non-vegan delights such as their sausages and chili, the food is amazingly on the same level as gastropubs. Heaven forbid if you call them a gastropub! They are a chill, laid back, and down to earth pub/dive bar, nothing close to pretentious.Board games are filled on the shelf from "Apples to Apples" to "Monopoly", biding time to drink more beers from their fabulous selections. Don't want beer??? They also offer wines that are cork free and only from stainless steel. They take pride even in their wine!A definite bar to check out for the pride and joy of Burbank. Parking on the street is usually easy to find if you don't mind walking one whole block.Beer lovers come hither!!!!!
<review# 969,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/4/2011,2/7/2012,438,322,19,18,16>Shimmy shimmy CoCo what? Listen to the sound Laugh it up and take it in, watch yourself on TV  wow Never was a big fan of the Team CoCo name but that's all I can think of when people start yelling "Team CoCo."  With that said, as a huge fan I was lucky enough to tag along with a friend that was able to score Conan tickets and I have to say it is an easy and fun time.All you have to do is show up around noon at the free parking lot, check in and grab your bracelets.  You are then free to have lunch or kill time and show back by 3pm and then you have roughly an hour wait (make sure to catch all the "winning" as you walk by the 'Two & A Half Men' set) and some warm up time and the taping starts at ~430pm and enjoy Conan, Andy, the Basic Cable Band and all the shenanigans that entails.  It's a free show and a great way to spend your day with friends.Oh yeah, don't forget to point and laugh at the people that are waiting in line for the George Lopez show that meet in the same parking lot one floor up. Poor, sad fools.  Not sure if they lost a bet or mistakingly got those tickets instead of Conan =/
<review# 970,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,2/6/2012,1734,2006,27,22,27>I was once asked what I thought of Claremont... I could only come up with the answer of   "I don't" Why would anyone think of all two blocks of this hidden bourgeois wonderland made up of a several colleges with fancy old libraries? And it's probably for a good reason. I mean, it's technically in the 909, right? More puzzling is that it sits between Pomona and Rancho. Like a little gem surrounded by.. well, the rest of the I.E. But maybe that's a good thing. Maybe that's why when I drive into the area I feel like I was just transported to some place different... almost welcoming.. A small tucked away town with one gas station that could easily be mistaken for a Santa Barbara style city. Best of all is that next to the local art house, which prominently proclaims that none of its theaters are in 3D you have the Back Abbey. The Back Abbey is a place I heard about a while back and sort of just forgot. Again it's Claremont. But thanks to Matthew P. I decided that I was finally going to try them out and boy am I glad that I braved stepping foot into the 909 for it. I have to say, it's really a nice little area and I just feel bad that it's stuck at the gates of the I.E. Talk about bad luck. The city must have been in the bathroom when god was passing out town positions. But in an effort to make it up to this wonderfully quaint little village, he bestowed upon them a burger establishment that is worthy of saying "God Damn!" I mean, seriously, God damn, that is one tasty burger! It's almost as if you took Father's office and instead of being your literal father, you made it some spiritual one (hence the monk made brew and monastery appearance) Because this burger is heavenly with every bite you'll think you're getting closer to god. In theory I guess you are, considering the amount of calories one could expect to be had from such decadence. But yeah, this burger was a clear sign that yes, there is a higher being up above and yes, he loves hamburgers. All this coming from an atheist, so you know that's saying something. But yeah, the place has a very missionary look to it. I guess it doesn't hurt that it has a vast amount of Belgian beers for the offering. I mean, it's really a great beer selection. And even though I favor local craft beers a bit more, mainly because I can actually pronounce the beer's names, I have to say I don't have any problem making a fool out of myself in saying the beers here. Now I was eating alone and to some of you, eating alone, let alone drinking alone would be a sign of just being sad. No sir. How can anyone be sad with a good beer and a lot more fries that you need not share? I got myself a half order of fritas and even that seemed like way too many. Though I felt compelled to finish them all. How could you leave fries that have been double fried. Once in duck fat and once in soybean oil? It would truly be a sin and I already spent far too much time confessing for my sins eating that burger. No way do I want to confess anymore. Your gut instinct may be telling you to fight tooth and nail for a seat inside. I mean, it is cold (Well.. for SoCal, I guess), but I have to say that the outside patio seats were so much better than eating inside. A lot more chill. It also helped that they had heat lamps going so you really weren't feeling any of the cold anyway. And if you were, well there's always more beer to warm you up. And again, there's a lot of it. I mean, the main problem I have with Belgian beers is I always feel like a fool ordering the first two or three beers. Then after that I just blame the inability of pronouncing the name correctly on already tossing back a few. If there's one reason to go to Claremont it's for this burger.. and I guess to see how the 909 isn't all a complete wasteland you'd expect to see in some Mad Max movie. I mean, there's not even a single meth lab or RV in any part of town! But what there is, is some heroin level addiction in the form of their burger.
<review# 971,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2011,2/5/2012,414,207,47,46,47>WHERE'RE THE BEANS?!WHERE'S THE RICE?!¿DONDE ESTAN LOS BURRITOS Y TACOS?Damn!  Hell if I know and who cares?  This place specializes in one thing and one thing only:  The TORTA.  While the origin of the Torta can be traced back to the 15th century - its concept is considered one of the first sandwiches to exist.   So thank you European slaughterers and conquistadors for bring this concept to Latin America - 'cause the Mex-who-cans perfected this gem into Cook's Tortas!    While in the dating rat race, I was always told "Asian girls don't like Mexican food."  Thanks to Yelp, that was a complete and utter fallacy (yes, I'm pointing at just a few of many:  Michelle T, Grace Y, Fia R, and Jessalindojasminaquita) because the largest customer base seems to be of the Asian-persuasion.  Not sure if it's the location in Monterey Park (the Chinese Hollywood), or if it's the cheap prices ($7.79 for a Torta and a side), or hell - maybe they just have good taste?  Nah... really?  Whatever it is, all I heard while eating here was "Dang, why are so many Asians here?"   I would go with the cheap and MP options myself  ;) The girl behind the register was super nice and friendly as far as suggestions and recommendations.  So we got the:- (#316) Milanesa (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaFe…) with the side of pickled spice carrots.  Yowza , this was my favorite!  Tender beef that was breaded crisp and rolled up to fit exquisitely between Cook's oven-fresh ciabatta-textured bread.  The addition of mayo, jalapenos, and tomatoes were the perfect complement for this Sammie! (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaFe…)- (#3) Molcajete (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaFe…) with the side of cucumber dill salad.  Had just the right amount of spiciness to this Torta filled to the edges with grilled beef, queso asada, frijoles (beans), and hot salsa.  The cucumber salad was quite tasty with the addition of the dill.- The cucumber-lime agua fresca was quite unique and different.  Sort of a lemon-lime with a fresh hint of cucumber squirt.  Heck this neon-green stuff might even glow in the dark, or substitute as coolant for a hot revving engine - cause it does cool you down!  I'm not a huge fan of eating off of butcher paper, but I can see why the Tortas were wrapped like that - 'cause the juices and sauces were flowing out every-whicha-way.  Awesome stuff - it might not look very appetizing in some cases, but I guess that's why the fork was invented to keep your digits clean.  I like my food spicy, so the Tiburon Roja Salsa (yelp.com/biz_photos/gaFe…) was squirted everywhere.   They do have Salads as well; Chicken, Mexican, Santa Fe, and Taco Taco Salads - but my interests were too focused on the many choices of Tortas.Although I wasn't recommended the sweet tater fries for the first round, I know I'll be back for the 10-count.  Already have my list ready:  The (#6) Bombero  and (#59) Cubana!  Oh well, I guess I'm going to be yet another addition to that Asian horde.  *shakes fist*
<review# 972,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2011,2/4/2012,1135,618,14,21,19>Ahhh, sweet redemption! Not so much for righting the wrongs of my last review, but for a superb dining experience that included Comme Ça's Tuna Niçoise and Croque Madame.*BEGIN SIDEBAR*Call me a food snob or whatever you like, but I REFUSE to engage in any dineLA menu! The last two times I've taken advantage of dineLA at two different restaurants I regularly visit, service and food sorely missed the mark. I've learned my lesson, so whenever a maître d' begins to mention this special menu, I kindly interrupt them immediately and tell them I'd rather not because I'd rather take advantage of the restaurant's regular menu and have a more genuine feel of what they have to offer. Each time I've done this, I've never been disappointed!*END SIDEBAR*Because I was ordering a salad, the waitress recommended that I substitute the salad that accompanies the croque madame for pommes frites. Her recommendation proved to excellent!Tuna Niçoise: 4.75/5yelp.com/user_local_phot…This harmonious salad was bitter, tangy, sweet, rich all at the same time carrying on with variety of textures ranging from soft to crisp. The fresh seared tuna was melt in your mouth goodness and had a delightful flavor.Croque Madame: 4.75/5yelp.com/user_local_phot…Easily one of my favorite versions of this ham and cheese sandwich. Bread was super crisp and topped by a layer of béchamel sauce, an ample amount of melted gruyere cheese with burnt edges (me likey!), and a well executed sunny side up egg. There was quite a substantial amount of ham that was not just available in abundance, but was very tasty and not overly salty.yelp.com/user_local_phot…I've long been a fan of Comme Ça's pommes frites and this time, they were made ever more perfect! Each fry was flawlessly cooked and consistent, quite possibly because I was their first customer that day. Temperature was warm to touch. Exterior texture was pleasantly crunchy while soft and warm in the center.I'm glad I had another favorable experience at Comme Ça. I need to come back for my all-time favorite burger very soon. I've been craving it like a drug!
<review# 973,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2011,2/3/2012,3694,383,21,21,18>SLAMMIN'!!!!!Let's see here, we arrived at like 5pm with no line amazingly, shortly after the usual line was apparent outside.  1 Cajun Fries - XXX hot! :: Superb!  Just the right amount of kick to the crispy and hot shoestring fries! Add to any bite of seafood and it will only add to the sensational flavors! +1 star!1 Lemon Pepper Hot Wings :: A MUST!  These are slammin' when dipped into Ranch but I take it even further when I dip the wings into the wholeshabang bag of shrimp!  HOLLA! +1 star!1lb of Shrimp - Medium - The Wholeshabang w/ 2 corns, 3 potatoes & .5ib sausages :: This is where it gets messy but who gives a fuck?!  I sure don't because you're purely getting your grub on!  You gotta peel the shrimp, suck the guts & juice from the head - prolly some tasty brain matter in there, then squeeze lemon on the shrimp only after you've re-dipped the shrimp into the wholeshabang bag of sauce, then eat w/ a bite of the corn and sausage and rice if you have it - REPEAT!!! +1 star!1lb of King Crab Legs - Medium - The Wholeshabang :: crack an end and slowly but surely pull the whole crab meat out at once!  You got it!  Now repeat what I've done with each shrimp and enjoy! +1 star!Wash down with your beverage of choice, please note that they have free refills on soda/water!I forgot our server's name, possibly Jerry, Daniel?!  Fuck, I forgot, wanted to give him props on here because he was awesome, quick, attentive, refilled asap & helpful with the menu.I am giving 4 stars because they still don't have their alcohol license!!!  BOOHOOOO! -1 star!Anyways, I really enjoy this place and it's quite tasty!HOLLA!
<review# 974,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2011,2/2/2012,939,270,10,12,13>Outfest 2011 is the 29th Los Angeles Gay & Lesbian Film Festival and this year it was from July 7 to 17, 2011.  Its' a great place to see LGBT films and it's great to enjoy some good films.  They support LGBT film images and artistry and showcase stories that reflect the LGBT community and allow the public to appreciate the many films.  Some films are shown for the first time at Outfest.  It's a good place to appreciate independent film and foreign films.  Yelp LA is one of the media sponsors, so you're supposed to get a discount; however, when I asked about it I didn't get it.  That's alright.  Of the 6 films I saw, I only paid for one because a friend had given me a ticket and the rest came from organizations I am affiliated with.  Drinks!  Absolut and Stella are sponsors, so you can get complimentary drinks.  Be sure to tip the bartender.  You can get other drinks as well. The Director's Guild of America is a good venue in West Hollywood by Sunset and Fairfax.  I was there for Outfest last year and had also attended the Asian Pacific Film Festival last year as well.  The theaters are good and comfortable and you can strictly enjoy films there.  Theater One seats about 600 people and Theater Two seats 155 people.  Industry professionals screen their films here and the theater is equipted with state-of-the-art film, digital sound and video projection systems.  The seats are great and comfortable.  You're not allowed to bring food or drinks into the theater and they're strict about it so it is best to have your bag (I carry a backpack all the time) ready for them to check.  It's very clean and very comfortable.  There are plenty of volunteers or staff and the event itself is very well organized.  They're all friendly and helpful.  I think next time I'll volunteer.  I went to REDCAT at the Disney Concert Hall to see Tales of the Waria.  It was a smaller space and therefore more intimate.  The Asian Pacific Islander Pride Council (APIPC) was presenting the film and other organizations such as Barangay were tabling at the event.  There was a reception prior to the film and that was great to meet with the organizations and meet new people and I saw several people I knew.  I saw Poison (1991), Mary Lou, Wise Kids, The Family Complete, Shut Up Little Man!, and Absent.  Of what I saw included dramas, a musical, and documentaries. If I talked about the films, this would be more like a movie review.  Outfest is a good opportunity to check out LGBT films and/or appreciate good films.
<review# 975,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2011,2/1/2012,703,422,11,15,13>4.5 stars.Often overshadowed by the larger and more elegant looking Bottega Louie a block away, hole-in-the-wall Colori Kitchen is by no means an alternative option for those clamoring for Italian food at crowded Bottega. In fact, it's a whole different (and great) dining experience all together that deserves just as much attention as Bottega is getting.Small yet homely, Colori features some of the best Italian food I've had in quite some time and is well staffed by polite and attentive servers. The sweet (but not too sweet) pumpkin and walnut cream filled ravioli de zucca can give any meat lover pause to consider not having meat in a meal for once, and the fettuccine w/ salmone e zucchine doesn't skimp out on the chunks of salmon and isn't overtly smothered in thick alfredo sauce. The prices are good too - you'd be spending just as much at an Olive Garden or Mac Grill. Sheepishly, I have to admit that the spinach or broccoli dip (I think that is what it is), tastes good with the usual free bread.As a additional note, please check the times of opening before you come here - this isn't a place you can just walk in and expect to be open during all times and days of the week.
<review# 976,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,1/31/2012,2858,814,14,20,17>Finally got to dine here because we were craving green onion pancakes and it wasn't a Monday. (They're closed mondays)The restaurant is nice and kept. We were seated and given hot tea, ice water and menus immediately. The staff is very friendly and attentive, very different experience from your typical chinese joint.  Oh we were checked on several times.Large enough menu with a good selection, but I had my eye on two things: Green onion pancake and the spicy beef noodle soup.The green onion pancake was hot and crisp, not too greasy  at all. I actually liked theirs better than Good Time Cafe's. Killed that plate in a matter of minutes. The spicy beef noodle was equally impressive. Spicy red broth, big chunks of beef, greens, and lots of noodles. Both were actually very comparable to what I would get at Earthen. I got a thai ice tea as well because it's a buck with the meal. Not the best, but that's okay. Forgivable. Prices are cheap. Food is great. Much closer than Earthen. I'm a fan for sure..
<review# 977,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/12/2011,1/30/2012,1571,914,12,21,15>I brought my boyfriend here for his birthday and we had the best experience! :)I made the dinner reservation on OpenTable and the morning of, they called me to confirm and asked if I'd like to have a bottle of champagne on ice or poured out in flutes ready for us at our table by the time we get there! Such a nice gesture! So I agreed and chose to have flutes of rose' waiting for us. My bf was really impressed by that! :DI got the bone-in filet which is BY far, the best steak I've ever had in my life! It was perfection, medium-rare, sizzling on a 400 degree plate. I brought leftovers home and my roommate who ate it a day later after microwaving it claimed it was the best steak she ever had! That just shows you how good it is! My bf got the bone-in ribeye which was tougher and gamier. I liked my bone-in filet a LOT better because it was much softer, seriously melt-in-your-mouth status but he liked his better. We also got the lobster mashed potatoes which were also really good, and sauteed broccoli which was just okay in my opinion.They also brought out a 5-layer piece of decadent chocolate cake with "Happy Birthday Marvin" written on the plate with chocolate icing and a candle which I asked if they could do when I confirmed the reservation that morning. It was complimentary which was really nice of them! Service was overall outstanding here! Best steak restaurant in LA for sure!
<review# 978,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2011,1/29/2012,115,185,40,28,19>Roma's - YOU GONNA LIKE ITSo I walk into Roma's and go straight to the deli counter and here's the play by play.Read Mr. Roma in a thick Italian accent :)Mr. Roma: What can I Do's ya for?Me: I'd like some Provalone.Mr. Roma: Whats kinds? I gots many.Me: Um.... 5 year?Mr. Roma: I got's ten. YOU GONNA LIKE IT! (Cuts me a piece) Here try! Take your time... taste the flavor!  Me: mmhh... I'll take a pound.Mr. Roma: OK! What elses you wants?Me: What do you recommend?Mr. Roma: (Points to a cheese near me) That's one over there, bring it overs. This ones the best, everybody like it.  YOU GONNA LIKE IT!Me: mmhh... I'll take a half pound.Mr. Roma: Take a pound, it won't go bad.  Wrap it up, it'll stay good for long time.Me: um... OK! I'm looking for a sauce, do you have any recommendations?Mr. Roma: How manys people you needs it for?Me: umm.. 2?Mr. Roma: Maria!!! Get him the CIRIO yelp.com/biz_photos/FKIH…This sauce I use! 30 years in my own house. YOU GONNA LIKE IT!Me: Thanks!  (I walk around... see a yellow fruit) Um... is this watermelon?Mr. Roma: Yes! YELLOW WATERMELON yelp.com/biz_photos/FKIH… Very Good! We get it in every year! YOU GONNA LIKE IT!Me: Cool (Pick it up and put in o the counter, continue to walk around the store.  Look into the freezer, pick up frozen pizza)Mr. Roma: You ever try that?Me: No?Mr. Roma: We gets it from Italy.  YOU GONNA LIKE IT! I eats it like 3 nights a week.  Put it in the oven 400 for 5minutes.  Which ones you got?Me: The BLACK TRUFFLE & WILD MUSHROOM yelp.com/biz_photos/FKIH…Mr. Roma: Oh Yeah! That ones good.  Try others too.  They all good.So try Roma's... in the words of Mr. Roma "YOU GONNA LIKE IT"
<review# 979,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,1/28/2012,1068,387,40,42,39>Like the real Formosa, Formosa Cafe is an island, only in the West Hollywood sense an oasis among glitzy, cloyingly pretentious douchetaverns -- and not a Republic of China boasting the world's second tallest building surrounded by a finicky Pacific.Anysegue...The drinks are neither the most expertly-mixed nor the strongest, nor do its friendly bartenders have the heaviest hands -- and the chefs aren't exactly going to make Alain Ducasse or Mario Batali peer over their shoulders in intimidation.-- But that's not why you're at Formosa, or, at least if you become a repeat visitor, the qualities of the food and drink won't be your biggest draw.What is, then? Atmosphere, dear, cliché notwithstanding. It's comfort and safety, if such a paradox can exist in WeWhore. Here, you don't need to dress up like you're going to Skybar -- if you really don't feel like it -- and yet, once you traipse across its threshold you might feel like you've entered a 1940s Hollywood bar cliche from a B-rated film noir, with decor and mood to match. Formosa isn't so much a bar to people-watch, as it is a bar to be enjoyed for its own sake... not to get sloshed, but acquire the feel of neighborhood history through osmosis.The faded, black and white pictures on the wall from long-dead Hollywood icons seem perpetually new and fascinating, even after your umpteenth time gazing at them with  a martini drier than British humor in your hand.Formosa isn't a dive but it has certain dive qualities -- come here to meet your friends, talk about love, politics, or bitch about how your boss doesn't appreciate you (but after your third drink you've accepted that he or she isn't all that bad, after all,  and maybe you do take too many coffee or cigarette breaks).It's wrong for a place to coast on its reputation -- and Formosa doesn't. Find out at happy-hour. -- now THAT'S fresh, pussycat.
<review# 980,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2012,1/27/2012,964,598,18,24,22>Came here the other night to hang out.  We came pretty late and the place was packed!  Everyone was crowded at the bar. We got some curry salmon cake sliders which were pretty good, a lil on the spicy side & oh so cute!!  I wanted to cuddle with them. :)  They tasted pretty good, the salmon had good heat to it.  Yum!Also got the Backyard Burger (Angus, 1000 Island, tomato, grilled red onion, cheddar, lettuce & pickle).  At first bite, it tasted like In-N-Out but better.  Lots of meat!  Loved the brioche bread it came on, reminded me of Umami's bread.  We subbed it with sweet potato fries w/ garlic aioli.  The sweet potato fries weren't as good as I remembered it.  :(  It did get a lil soggy.Also had the Beets 2 Ways Carpaccio salad which was ok, but I was expecting more beets.  It came with baby arugula, mint, walnuts, feta and crispy beets.  I could have eaten a bag full of crispy beets.  MMMMM  The salad was ok.  Too much baby arugula, not enough beets.They have Happy Hour on Mondays through Fridays from 3pm-7pm.  No sweet potato fries on the HH menu.  :(All in all, its pretty good.  Would come back for a chilling session.Check in offer:  50% off appetizer with entree ordered.  :)
<review# 981,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2011,1/26/2012,2234,455,37,48,42>*avoid this restaurant if you don't do well with "exotic" animal parts (liver, bone marrow, pig ears, pig tails, etc)*Have an open mind at Animal, YOU ANIMAL.It was my sister's 21st birthday and she was indeed an animal.    Food Networks "Best Thing I Ever Ate (with bacon)" featured the Bacon Fudge Crunch Bar. (I need to stop relying on that show..) I've yet to find a bacon + dessert combo that works. If you're not a big fan of sweets or DO like subtly sweet things, this is perfect for you. Note: the bacon bits were kinda peppery!Order a couple of items to share (tapas style). These plates are way too rich and too small to enjoy for only yourself.-  Hamachi Tostada: Crispy tostada with Hamachi sashimi layered beneath tart and lemony greens, topped with fried onions and dainty little flowers. Flavorful dish and not to mention, elegant! yelp.com/biz_photos/BAnC…-  Foie gras + maple sausage gravy + biscuit: I felt guilty eating this fluffy fatty cloud, but I truly loved this dish upon my first bite. After the foie gras is gone, you're left with an maple-ly, overly sweet biscuit, where my sis + mom couldn't handle. Definitely worth a try. Fluffy fatty fun ^____^-  Foie gras Loco Moco: General crowd pleaser in my party.. spam, foie gras, quail egg; what a genius idea! The beef burger patty on the bottom was smoky. Mini dollops of Sriracha around the plate, thank you! yelp.com/biz_photos/BAnC…- Bone Marrow with Chimichurri: I like the fatty texture of bone marrow, but I always find it a waste of money to dig into a bone for a tiny morsel to spread on bread. BUT this dish was saved by the tasty chimichurri and caramelized onions on top. yelp.com/biz_photos/BAnC…- Balsamic Pork Chops: My sister and I say SKIP IT (too sweet)! My brother said it was the best ribs he's ever had. To each his own~ -Chicken Liver Toast: If you absolutely hate liver, do not eat this. If you absolutely love liver, eat this.  Because this DOES have that raw, liver metallic-y taste, they didn't add much to this paté. *4.5* for my whole experience.Would I be back?If I ever feel splurgy and suddenly want to drown myself in fatty foie gras, then YES.
<review# 982,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2011,1/25/2012,408,219,11,13,13>Perhaps I have been too harsh on you 35er.I remember you from the days when you might get a beer or into a fight at this place but usually you got both. Or maybe those are just the stories I remember being handed down to me by those older than me as I don't actually know anyone that ever got into a fight here. I went to the dirty diver not long ago, one of those friends of a friend celebrating a birthday here. I was hesitant to go, I mean King Row which I really like was just steps away, why couldn't we just go there?  It had been years since I had visited and the layout was the same, UCLA was playing a home game and the bar was bustling with energy. I was able to find a spot at the bar, TV playing the game behind the bar. People of all sorts where in the place, everyone was getting along. The random people at the bar I chatted up where friendly. Once the bartender saw I was getting a 2nd beer she recommended a pitcher is it would be cheaper than the individual beers I was buying. I had forgotten this place had a dance floor, one of the few in old town. The dance floor was packed, DJ was playing a good mix of music.Why didn't I like this place? This is a bar, with pool tables, cheap beer, TV's playing the game(s) and a dance floor.
<review# 983,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/19/2011,1/24/2012,390,272,11,24,18>This could be my new favorite restaurant in Little Tokyo. The menu is concise but varied enough to please many palates. The service is swift and friendly, and the place isn't overbooked (even in its first few weeks - amazing!). Reservations online or in-person ONLY. Compared price-wise to other places in the same area, you get great value. Lazy Ox is great but each plate runs about $12, almost twice the price of some plates here. Same for its neighbor, Toranoko, but the portions are even smaller there. And the Singaporean - Vietnamese flavors are the real deal holyfield. You're gonna get nuoc cham with your cauliflower and LOVE it. You're gonna get heaping spoonfuls of freshly-made sambal olek on your noodles and wonder how you ate the stuff in the jar with the rooster on it your whole life. Now onto the nomz: FRIED CAULIFLOWER! This dish is made of magic. I've never had crispier, dreamier tempura battered ANYTHING. The flavor and soft, fluffy texture that comes from frying this vegetable is amazing. Every restaurant needs its signature dish, and this is what does it for me at Spice Table. It's the crack-food equivalent of Mozza's brussel sprouts.Lamb belly satay skewers - you will smell these a mile away! This is a dish where I got the gist of their of Viet-Singapore fusion. The marinade and aroma from the lamb belly is Viet  - full of lemongrass, garlic, onion, and black pepper - but the satay dipping sauce is Singaporean. A match made in heaven.   Haianan chicken - I'll never need to drive to San Gabriel for mediocre Hainan chicken ever again, rejoice! All dark-meat juicy goodness here, with that incredible gelatinous skin which makes hainan chicken a decadent treat. And the rice has soaked up maximum chicken-fat  flavor. The whole dish is covered in deep fried shallots.  This dish took me back to the streets of Vietnam.The best thing about the Kon loh mee is the hint of anchovy you get in each bite of noodles. Super duper umami bomb when paired with the generous helping of sambal olek on top. I probably won't get this again because I'll be trying the lak sah next!The weakest dish of the night for me were the curry fried chicken wings. I absolutely loved the spice mixture in the batter. So complex it dances in your mouth. But the batter wasn't integrated into the chicken skin, it was caked on the outside. Great beer selection (we had the Bruery Orchard white, Bruery Rugbrod and Northcoast Pranqster Belgium Golden Ale. The Bruery beers were the best of the bunch - very drinkable with all the food. The Rugbrod is a maltier, darker rye beer but paired great with the food since it has a tame flavor. The Orchard White has lavender and citrus notes but also doesn't overpower the food.Kim, the head chef's wife and front of house is such a warm and friendly person. I wish her and this restaurant all the best!
<review# 984,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2011,1/23/2012,2495,2210,36,39,34>So here's the thing about New York pizza: New York didn't invent pizza, so please stop pretending it did because you lived in a shitty apartment in a trendy part of town for like twelve weeks.  I have nothing bad to say about the pizza itself.  But people who whine that pizza in other locales is aping New York pizza and failing - they're the worst.  For instance, Yelpers who say Mother Dough sucks because it isn't New York pizza?  If anything, it's supposed to be Neapolitan.  Shut up.L.A. may not have a proprietary style of pizza, but it does have food-obsessed people who can dedicate themselves to crafting beautiful pies to sell at a precious price point.  I love Mozza, and more recently, Sotto, but over several trips to Mother Dough, I think I've found my favorite.The place is small and doesn't take reservations, so you can expect a wait at prime dinner hours.  Mother Dough is walking distance from Matt's apartment, so we've made our way over here quite a few times.  The space is welcoming, with an open kitchen offering full views of the dough and the wood burning oven.  The service is always friendly, though it can be slow when there's a crowd.  A glass of wine or a bottle of beer helps pass the time.The food is astonishingly good.  The menu is small and focused, with a few starters and only five pizzas.  I usually go straight for the pizzas, but I like the burrata salad and the charcuterie, which are both good to share.  The burrata salad is simple, with burrata, heirloom tomatoes, and arugula with black pepper and a light vinaigrette, but it's among the best I've had.  The cheese oozes with milk, and the tomatoes are fresh and vibrant.  The charcuterie is cute and tasty, with good, quality meats like salametto picante and copa cotto, along with bread and a couple interesting accompaniments.  I like the gherkins and crunchy astringent balsamic pearl onions.  There's also a dill feta with a licorice flavor I can't quite get behind.But let's get back on track and talk about pizza.  Mother Dough makes amazing pizza, thanks in most part to a yeasty, salty, charred crust.  The process that goes into this crust is long and involved, and it gives Mother Dough its name.  I will admit that the crust varies a bit from visit to visit, but only between great and transcendant.  At its best, the crust is thin and barely burnt, with a satisfying crisp yielding to plenty of chew.  Towards the center of each pie, the crust is paper thin, but even then you can taste the quality.  The pizza comes straight from oven to table, and take-out is not allowed.  I understand why.The pizzas are large for individual portions, but I've had no trouble putting them away.  They arrive whole with a knife for cutting, Neapolitan (not New York) style.  They're not easy to cut, but that isn't a complaint.  No need to change the crust for convenience.  Each pie features buffalo mozzarella, high grade cheese that melts beautifully, soft and creamy without a hint of rubber.  Every pizza is also topped with extra virgin olive oil and sea salt.I've tried all the pies at this point, some more than once, and though I have my favorites, I love them all.  For a first time visitor, I would recommend the Margherita, which might be perfect.  That lovely crust is topped with buffalo mozzarella, basil, San Marzano tomatoes, and extra aged parmigiano reggiano.  Everything comes together in a way that makes you close your eyes.  The basil is fragrant and fresh, and I can't get enough of the sweet, acidic tomato sauce.This sauce also features in the sausage and the prosciutto and arugula pies, both of which subtract the parmigiano and add their respective titular toppings to the Margherita.  The whiskey fennel sausage might lose to Mozza's, but it is very flavorful and goes well with the other flavors.  It's cut into flat pieces that lose the ground meat texture that I like in a sausage.  The prosciutto and arugula is very nice, and lovers of prosciutto will note that Mother Dough's is salty and supple in the best way.I was hesitant to try the two white pies, as I so love the red sauce, but the zucchini is actually one of my favorites, right up there with the Margherita.  There's something about the soft strands of zucchini and the fragrant thyme and manchego that elevates the pizza to a place I've rarely been with white pie.  The other white pie, though, is my least favorite.  This is the vine-ripe oven-roasted tomato pizza, and though the six cherry tomates are delightful, they are too small and few to make up for the lack of sauce.Mother Dough is not cheap, and if you go on a day where the pizza isn't quite incredible, that's a bit of a loss.  But even though the pizza comes at Mozza prices, I'm always happy to splurge for a chance at thin crust heaven, and I still leave happy when dinner is just well above average.  Mother Dough is wonderful.  With its stunning ingredients and dedication to craft, it makes L.A. pizza worth discussion.
<review# 985,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,10/11/2011,1/22/2012,781,329,42,27,27>I'm a lucky woman. I have 2 great men in my life. One, keeps me warm at night and tells me I'm beautiful every morning. The other likes to laugh at me while calling me She-devil. I adore them both.A night out with my men led us to Pattern Bar.The space is well designed. An open airy room with comfortable booths and a respectable bar. Gazing onto the darkness of a downtown street from their large scale open window makes the bar feel light and inviting.Like my men, their cocktails are clever and witty. Named after designers each one has a unique and refreshing taste.The food? Unlike my men, the plates are small. Which I don't mind. I've always liked the idea of tapa like servings. Each person just having a wonderful tease of each dish, but.. again.. unlike my men, the food was bland and under seasoned.I like my cocktails and food how I like my men. Strong, flavorful and perfectly seasoned.Pattern Bar is like a good lookin man that just needs to grow a pair of balls.
<review# 986,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/14/2011,1/21/2012,430,241,14,20,18>A friend of mine mentioned a new gastropub opening in Studio City when he attended a soft opening. I noticed his Facebook check-in and asked, considering the location of this new place. (It's where Wine Bistro used to be. It's also across the street from another well known Valley gastropub). I was already intrigued when I learned that this new pub is run by the same owners and operators of the Local Peasant a few miles away. My ears perked up more when I found the menu was created by Chef Antonia of Top Chef / Top Chef Masters fame.Despite having a very full dinner for a friend's birthday, we seemed to manage our way to stop at the grand opening. I really wanted to just have a peek, but those plans soon went to crap once I got inside and had a menu in front of me.Like I mentioned before, there is another noteworthy gastropub across the street. But I do not go there because it is just to small and cramped. Black Market won some points with its decor and ambience. A big space with tables in the middle, booths to one side and the bar to the other. The space extends back to the open window where you can see the kitchen pass. (I spy Chef Antonia) Dimly lit you are under a half dome of bricks.I didn't have a cocktail, but I was very tempted. They had an interesting array of signature cocktails on their menu. This part of the review will surely be updated. I wound up selecting one of their craft IPA beers on tap.Wisdom would've told me to nurse my beer and pass the menu back to the server. Instead, I kept reading it. The menu offered an odd selection of items, e.g. mussels, alligator sausage, poussin, deviled quail eggs... etc. etc. It's obviously whatever came to Chef Antonia's mind.Mind you I was stuffed to the gills, and I wound up ordering some deviled eggs. (I enjoy the ones at Local Peasant so much, I had to try the ones here). At $5, why not try them? (People will always bitch and moan about portion and prices.) I wound up also ordering the escarole salad with anchovies, white bean and cheese. I thought it would appease my curiosity but instead it made me want to go down the menu and try more.I had to behave, knowing I would come back another day. I was good so we selected the oxtail ragu. So delicious and rich. The oxtail meat was so tender and flavorful. The pasta was hearty. The sauce kept getting better the more I ate it. It was heavy but I can't resist the taste of good animal on my lips. Animal fat chapstick rules.I confess I wound up licking the bowl with my fingers. I was being a total fatass. Our server laughed and said Chef Antonia would enjoy that compliment. It took me aback when the next minute I see Chef at my table. HAHAHAHA. (Yes dorky pic taken).I enjoyed the time at Black Market. I can see it will blossom and grown. I'm sure the cocktail, beer, and food menu will evolve over time. The staff were very friendly and helpful. The price is fair and reasonable, in my opinion, if you go out for drinks anywhere in Los Angeles. No its not a dive bar, nor is it the local sports bar with a big bank of tv shining bright. Black Market is a great place to gather with some friends over good drinks and very good food.Thumbs up.
<review# 987,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/13/2011,1/19/2012,2022,408,11,18,19>My first impression was, "It's the closest Boiling Crab to the Valley and I'm craving it really bad. Let's go!"Step one: put my name on "the list."Step two: wait patiently outside, write on the walls if I'm bored.Step three: get seated and get "bibbed."Step four: peel, dip, eat. repeat.Those cajun fries...crisped and fried to perfection with the right amount of spices to kick my taste buds...hot and crunchy. Make that into sweet potato fries and I'm on a whole 'nother level. Pounds of shrimp with the whole shebang. Garlic infused, spicy, and smothered in the rich sauce (don't forget to add the sausages and corn). Now combine the fries and the sauce and there it was, the exact craving I needed to fulfill. We waited nearly an hour and a half on a rainy day...now that is what happens when you have the Boiling Crab syndrome. Definitely can't have this everyday, in order for my heart to keep beating. But, once that syndrome hits, I just gotta get my fill of shrimp and fries no matter what it takes!Last step: wash hands and be happy.The lasting impression? "The wait was long, but it did hit my craving. Nothing compares to the original BC locations in Orange County. Still, something about Boiling Crab I'm unable to resist."
<review# 988,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2011,1/18/2012,1522,1094,14,17,17>What I love to eatTender, moist and silky softMy tongue yearns for more
<review# 989,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2011,1/16/2012,1076,572,19,22,23>Considering I don't live in Pasadena, I've been here more often than places close to me.  I've eaten here in groups, as a twosome, and alone.I've had breakfast, lunch, and dinner here.Always really good service, I still think the best service was when I ate alone.  I was checked up on quite often.  My LGO Arnold Palmer was refilled at no charge continuously.  That stuff was amazing!  Usually I like my meals with just plain ice water but I couldn't help myself.  I'm a fruity drink fiend.Seriously, I felt so taken care of when I dined alone, I swear I should do it more often and eat here when I do.I love their breakfast menu and highly recommend the Daybreaker.  I got the turkey and loved it but I think the spinach would have been better still.For lunch, I got the Amazing Short Rib Tacos one time on my way to Big Bear for a weekend of napping and hiking.  I tasted like the $50 lamb I had two days prior and that lamb was good quality--slow cooked for more than a day.  So that's saying a lot.  The Prime Rib Hash was also pretty good, but I preferred my hash done a little differently.  Just a personal preference, I like it more egg-y and less prime rib and more regular beef.  But I can't really complain.The stuff here is fancier than my simple tastes sometimes.But sometimes I love to be fancy.  "The Duke" Filet Mignon was bombastic.  They don't recommend it well done and I agree.  Medium rare it was and so hearty and comforting on a windy, winter night.  I added a side of mac 'n cheese with bacon bits and I was in food heaven that night.  Might have been a food coma, but no need to be technical.  After eating here, I just want to nap in my car sometimes.I shall be back for sure.I'm thinking of getting their HOLIDAY SPECIAL--for myself!** HOLIDAY SPECIAL** Purchase $100 or more in gift cards and receive an additional FREE $20 gift card!!
<review# 990,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/23/2011,1/15/2012,314,242,23,50,35>UPDATED Quick guide to Etude (if you'd rather skip my previous, long and extremely detailed review):1. I've been getting a lot of messages about what type of perm I got. It's the lovely perm for $180. Different types of rollers are used, depending on the effect you're going for, your face shape, how tight you want your curls to be, etc. Feel free to show her the photo off of yelp to see if the rollers she used on me will work for you.2. Try going on a slow day (like Tues-Thurs). Going on a Saturday is not going to give you the TLC you're hoping for. If anything, it'll aggravate you and stress you out. Last time I went on a Saturday, my 3 hour perm turned into a 6-7 hour one. 3. The Sunny-Mandy duo are the best. Etude's recently been doing this thing where they're rotating and moving a bunch of assistants around to be shared. I think that breaking up stylists/assistants that work really well together is a bad business move. But what do I know...  I'm just a frequent customer. Luckily my last appointment was on a slow day, so Mandy was available to help out with my perm. 4. Remember, a GOOD stylist will be honest with you. This one dude brought in a photo of this haircut (I think it was Lee Min-Ho from City Hunter) he wanted and Sunny told him it might not work because of x, y, z. I wanted a type of ombre look and she flat out told me it would kill my hair and cost a lot of $ to maintain. This also applies to the girl who insisted on getting a digital perm and getting upset with the results (read previous review). 5. Be realistic about how much you're willing to pay and what you want. The stylists there who I DO NOT go to, tried to sell me and my friends all these extras that really caused more problems than what it was worth.6. Salon etiquette: Tip 20% for excellent service+product. This 20% can decrease as your treatments costs increases. So for cuts, it should be around 20%. As your treatment becomes more expensive (say you do coloring, cut, extras), it's ok to tip 16-18%. The formula: the longer the stylist spends directly on your hair divided by the time of your appointment. The closer it is to 1, the higher the % your tip should be. The further away from 1 means you spent a lot of time waiting (perm and color).
<review# 991,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2011,1/14/2012,72,446,25,28,29>We all like a sweet ending to our dinner.  So, after a group of us Yelpers dined together for dinner in San Gabriel, Henry C. searched and found a nearby teahouse called Factory Tea Bar.  Without a doubt, this was a good find, as we all enjoyed everything from good tea and dessert to good service and a casually laidback environment.  As we entered, we seen people gathered together studying, working on their laptops, people casually talking, and many taking vibe to the latest pop songs playing throughout.  The walls are adorned with everything from artwork to retro bikes.  We couldn't help but notice the eye-catching restroom sign which simply says "Poo & Pee", accompanied with a basic illustration.  As for drinks, our table of 10+ ordered everything from Nom Nom Milk to Green Apple Tea.  I ordered the Green Apple Tea and must say that is the best tea I've had to-date.  The Green Apple Tea is a must-try, as it has great flavor, color, and is nicely sweetened.  Others at the table enjoyed Popcorn Chicken and the popular Brick Toast dessert topped with ice cream, drizzled with chocolate sauce. All in all, we enjoyed Factory Tea Bar and agreed we should return.  The service was good and memorable.  To this day, I'm reminded of the nickname I gave our waiter, the "Quiet Waiter".  This name was given because he was very soft-spoken, but was thoroughly nice and attentive.  Jokingly, I asked the waiter if they had a microphone we could use for karaoke and, surprisingly, he brought a microphone.  Though we didn't engage in karaoke, we were appreciative of the service and agreed to try to return soon to Factory Tea Bar.
<review# 992,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/16/2011,1/13/2012,1388,397,18,18,25>Small, simple store. Colorful display of tasty little macarons. Usually my reviews are quite wordy, but these delicate little cookies need few words. It really is about the experience of eating one. So, I will just share this Haiku...Salted CaramelThis macaron needs no wordsMind blown must lay down
<review# 993,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/15/2011,1/10/2012,653,210,16,25,19>Savoy Kitchen is a staple of Alhambra and has been around for as long as I can remember. While they offer a variety of rice and pasta dishes typically found at your everyday Chinese café, the real (and perhaps only) reason to come here is for their Hainan Chicken. For those of you who don't know, Hainan Chicken is a dish of Chinese origin most commonly associated with Hainanese (duh), Malaysian, Singaporean, and even Thai cuisine. It consists of chicken, boiled in pork and chicken broth stock, which is placed on a bed of rice that is also flavored with chicken broth. Served on the side (or on top) is a ginger sauce (as well as soy sauce) to compliment the basic flavors of the chicken and rice. Seemingly straightforward, it's the simplistic taste of this dish that makes it so easy to do wrong.Savoy Kitchen has never disappointed me, and this last time around was no exception. Their chicken was perfectly moist yet lean, and the rice was broth-flavored to perfection. Their ginger sauce was served on the side as usual. It is a bit saltier than I prefer, but not enough to deter a positive review. Nevertheless, a deliciously perfect dish (with a generous enough portion) for under $7!A few other things to note...Savoy Kitchen is not a place for ambience. It's super casual, located right off Valley Blvd, and most of the seating (i.e. - metal patio furniture) is located along an outside and rather unappealing brick wall. There can be a wait during lunch and dinner, but the service is fast once you're seated. Also, they're closed on Sundays.
<review# 994,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/21/2011,1/9/2012,629,1325,22,28,24>I got a LivingSocial deal for $39 for a month. I always wanted to try this gym but because I was already committed to 24 Hour Fitness and my other dance studios... I thought I wouldn't have time for this gym.So I went in to claim my livingsocial deal and fate decided I had to meet CHRIS MILES. I got there around 6:30pm and talked to him til 9pm - not only about getting a membership but just about exercise and life - and I ask A LOT of questions. CHRIS helped a lot. He's really a professional that makes you feel comfortable with what you're getting. He himself is trying to better himself with fitness. He wasn't a macho guy trying to get me to buy stuff. He actually made you feel like "this is the gym for me". I really felt so comfortable talking to him about my fitness goals and such. He was very professional and we seriously talked for over two hours about the membership and other stuff. Honestly... you guys need to do something with him. He's seriously amazing at what he does. I felt NO pressure from Chris and if you guys are considering joining, ask for Chris. So if you have a livingsocial deal, you have a choice of a cheaper membership and enrollment fee vs. if I liked it, I'd have to pay a LOT more. Plus... my 24 hour fitness membership ended... so I figured, I'm going to do this, especially since I saw the classes they offered: Muay Thai (Uhh... I'm Thai. I love this stuff.), No Gi Jijitsu, Boxing, DUT (Crossfit), TRX, MMA, Xtreme Latin Cardio, High Octane conditioning, Shock Yoga, Barbell conditioning, Kickboxing, Zumba, Plyo, Self-defenseThey do not offer these classes at any other gym I've been to (24 hour fitness, LA Fitness, Bally's, Gold's Gym, Equinox, etc). So I decided why not? I could do it before work and after work. They offered the two year commitment which overall would be cheaper per month but I didn't want to commit to two years if I wasn't sure. So I am doing a monthly and yes, it's more expensive than any other gym (actually price is similar at Equinox)... but I am making sure I utilize all the classes... I got the Ultimate membership - you also get 10% off any purchase!FACILITY:The facility is clean and doesn't get crowded. I love how spacious it all feels. There are four different rooms to use for working out. There is a boxing room where the Muay Thai and TRX happens. There is the Jujitsu room and the Octagon too. There is the fitness room for the dance and fitness classes. The Personal Training section - which everyone can use - has all the balls, jump ropes, crossfit kind of workouts you need. They have their machines and some machines I have not see at other gyms - The Rope Machine (where you pull rope) and Ab skater machine (where you use your core to bring your body up). Really awesome machines! The locker room is big. They don't have hand hair blow dryers... which is a bummer. They also don't have hooks or stools (to put stuff on) in the showers. I was also disappointed in the showers because I expected more. It reminded me of 24 hour fitness. But the ladies have their own sauna! :DThere is an annual $25 fee, but I actually don't mind paying that because I want this place clean and fixed if broken.CLASSES:LIRON teaches the mornings and evenings... which I'm trying to go religiously. MWF - 7am. He's so motivational. He have us warm up and would teach us a routine to learn and we'd practice it. I feel so tired after that class. My legs and arms are sore from punching and kicking. I love muay Thai... Liron really gives you a good workout. I came to class late today, so he had me jump rope with him. Imagine a out of shape Asian girl jump roping with a experienced professional boxer for three minute intervals - that's messed up hahaha. He also had me join in for half an hour of No-Gi Jujitsu. Awesome teacher! Hilarious! :D I'm going to buy a personal training Muay Thai lesson from Liron because like he said I know the moves but I can't do the transitions together! hahaANTHONY teaches muay in the evenings... he does a lot more offense and defense moves... WITH THAI MUSIC ON. Oh man, I can't help but laugh when I hear Thai music while working out haha. I haven't taken him enough YET. I will. So I'll update.MARIANA teaches XTreme Latin cardio - Really fun! It's a dance class with weights. NOT ZUMBA. She plays pop music and it kinda reminds me of my pole dancing classes - without the pole. Sexy dancing. Love those types of classes!I'll update when I take more classes!The classes don't ever feel too full especially in the mornings. One day, I'll try the 6am DUT. But this place will be my new home daily! I am going to workout to make my monthly payment worth it haha. ARM BAR: Cheap drinks. I got a 16oz protein shake (Sweep) for around $2 (10% off for ultimate members)! Pretty good!PARKING:Plenty of parking... gets busy during the evenings but there is always parking (check the back for more parking) I want to write more but Yelp is limiting my revie
<review# 995,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,1/8/2012,4339,292,32,30,23>Ahhhh, the infamous Pink's Hot Dog!Ever since I moved to LA many years ago, I've had several friends come and visit.  As the host, I've taken them to the usual sites that people visiting LA are always so eager to check out (Hollywood Sign, Disneyland, City Walk, Griffith Observatory....and of course, Pink's).Being the nice friend and fabulous host that I am, I have endured waiting in Pink's ridiculous line more than any man (or woman) should ever endure in a lifetime.  However, because of this, I've gotten a chance to try many things on the menu.  Also the feeling of "making it worth it" every time I go forces me to order excessively (at least 2-3 different hot dogs and maybe a burger or a side).  DON'T JUDGE ME! Overall Pink's doggies are pretty tasty.  Good portions which can satisfy the "burly man" in you, lots of flavors due to the innovative and numerous concoction of toppings & meats, and its reasonably priced.  My favorites are  "America the Beautiful" and the "Planet Hollywood".  So why so many low star reviews?  The problem is the HYPE.  People have heard so much about this landmark restaurant that they expect so much from the place.  Also waiting in line for an hour increases your expectations even more by the minute.  But unfortunately it also increases your annoyance with the wait.  So by the time you take a bite of that tasty hotdog you're fuming and you're expecting your face to just explode with ecstasy to provide comfort for waiting in that long line.  Well that's not going to happen.  Not unless your hotdog is made of dynamite and even then your face won't explode WITH ECSTASY!  The key is BE PREPARED.  Expect the long wait and go with someone fun you can talk to.  Also try and go off peak hours like morning or early afternoon; after lunch time but before dinner time.  And remember, try and enjoy the experience and then after you can say "been there, done that".
<review# 996,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/4/2011,1/7/2012,482,235,22,32,29>I'm a true hot dog connoisseur. My creds: I hate Pinks. It's terribly overrated and not my idea of anything close to a great hot dog. Vicious Dogs was stop #2 (of 3) of my personal "Best of the Valley Wiener Invitational." The contenders that day were Vicious Dogs, Otis Jackson's Soul Dog & Bubbies East Coast Dogs. My criteria for an awesome dog are: (1) The Vessel. The bread is my very first impression (i.e. did the dog purveyor care enough about the dog, to make the bun special?). (2) The Wiener. This all comes down to flavor and snap for me. Finally, (3) Standalone Quality. It's great if a dog tastes yummy when it's all gussied up with condiments, relish, etc., but does the dog have what it takes to be spectacular on its own with nothing?Vicious Dogs met all of this and more!! We were warmly greeted by the owner who threw his best at me, the #2 - Sweet & Spicy Kielbasa. "This is the dog my business was built on," he said. I was hesitant at first because I'm not a fan of the sweet & spicy flavor combo. I'm an even lesser fan of anything but ketchup and a swab of mayo on my hot dog. But he had me at spicy and I was more than a bit curious to try this dog of legend.Wiener: Smokey, just spicy enough and with an absence of conspicuous fat nodules--hate those. Snap quality was incredible and I knew it from the very first bite. It was also sufficiently girthy. There's nothing I dislike more than a poor hot dog to bun ratio. This was perfect. Bun: Delicious, warm, squishy yet toasty and bedazzled with poppy seeds. Though initially apprehensive about the sweet relish, I was gobsmacked by how it perfectly enhanced the flavor of the kielbasa. It was absolute perfection.It was so fabulous that I completely ignored the seasoned fries and wings that my beloved ordered. But I hear, they were pretty good too. Vicious Dogs got me so entranced by that #2 that I will be back ASAP try the #1 Chicago Dog, anything with Louisiana Hot Links and the Asada Dog. Also, big kudos for the friendly service and nod-to-the-80's decor!
<review# 997,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/23/2011,1/6/2012,139,1138,24,27,27>Corey I don't think we are in Italy anymore. Wait what is that? Is that....is that a Korean tossing pizza dough? Talk about a once in a lifetime sight! I felt special. After all they LOVE women here. yelp.com/biz_photos/S7sq…They had the WiFi and accepted plastic so that's why we came. Snagged a "the only time a Fail becomes a Win" parking spot just down the block. yelp.com/biz_photos/S7sq… signs especially if dining in the late afternoon as you will need to move your car by 4pm* We took quite some time to look over their very large menu. Figuring out your pizza choice is a very lengthy process. Each pizza has at the least 6 ingredients on them so you need to really read and find that perfect one. Go for the Gold baby as the sweet potato filled aka Gold Crust is the only way to go. This ain't no Pizza Chicken Love Letter so prices were HIGH to the sky IMO when it came to Korean pizza. But it was tasty. Service was good and helped guide us along their crazy menu. Water glasses were always full and he let us sit at a larger table bc I needed to bust out my lappytop to do some yelping errr I mean work. It was an interesting (food wise) and enjoyable lunch and I love the fun fact (Thanks for nerding it up Corey M. and finding out the deets) that this is the only location in the U.S of A. I'd go back if I was feeling like some pizza pie  not of the norm.
<review# 998,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,1/5/2012,530,387,24,31,28>The Far Bar is a nice hidden gem in Jtown, literally.  If you don't look hard for the non descreet entrance, you just might miss that long, dark, hallway that leads to the rectangular open-air patio.  Lined with a number of tables and heat lamps, the outdoor area also has a small stage bigger enough for a small live music act as well as their resident and non resident djs. Now, down to brass tacks.  There's 2 words that give all reason to come here - Asahi Black.  I've yet to see it served anywhere else.  But it should not come as a surprise here, since there's a pretty wide selection of Japanese beers that you won't see every day.  Prices are reasonable too.  The bartenders are cool.  They design the specialty drinks on the menu themselves and ask for honest feedback.  If it's not too busy you might get some backstory on the creative process behind the beverage too.  You can watch a game indoor at the bar, or relax under the stars outside, depending on how busy it gets.  I've seen it medium full to full on shoulder to shoulder crowded depending on the night.Happy hour 3-7pm M-F, and all day Sunday Fundays.
<review# 999,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2011,1/4/2012,1014,399,24,20,20>Go to Church & State if you have negative associations with French Cuisine:  this place strips away the pretentiousness commonly associated with French food, along with most of the heavy sauces.The service was impeccable.  They seem to follow a team based model where everyone is there to facilitate your dining experience, and they perform this goal seamlessly; weaving in and out of the somewhat cramped space with remarkable aplomb.My friend and I started with a simple belgian endive salad with walnuts and blue cheese and a sublime tarte with shaved Jerusalem artichoke and caramelized onion.  He continued with a beautifully presented pork chop, and I had Divers scallops which were tasty, though pricey.  Although sizable,  $27 for three scallops seems a bit much.  This is the second place I've been to that charges $9 a scallop (the first being Noir in Pasadena), so I'm suspecting some sort of conspiracy.The same conspiracy that decided there's no upward limit Angelenos will pay for a cocktail.  The time chart for cocktail prices in L.A looks like some sort of hyperbolic function dreamed up by JPL.  But as long as we're willing to spend $14 for a cocktail just because it has a sprig of some herb we've never heard of in it, I guess we'll continue to pay $9 for a single scallop. Okay, well, speaking of cocktails, they were amazing, although the "mixologist" was getting all petulant because a waiter didn't pick up the drink after he set it on fire.  Boo fricken hoo.    I can see you, Sir, and your tantrums and facial contortions only confirm my belief that this whole mixology thing is out of control.  You concoct drinks, not cancer vaccines.
<review# 1000,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,1/3/2012,863,938,17,24,19>Here's an update. A 5 star one! Fresh Roast has been my go-to place to study and get my reading done. The atmosphere is quiet with soft instrumental music playing in the background. There are lots of little tables inside and patio seating both in the front and in the back of the shop. The lights can be dim in the evening, but just ask for a desk lamp.This place is your neighborhood coffee shop in every sense. The staff is very friendly and is dedicated to its customers. When I walk in here, I feel like part of the community. I think others feel the same. The staff tries to remember faces, names and coffee preferences. Jimmy, the owner, always greets his customers with big smiles. He seems passionate about the coffee business, roasting his coffee beans on-site.About the drinks. I've been a big fan of the Coffee Lover, but recently discovered that the "extra strong" Coffee Lover is even better! For those who like strong coffee with that caffeinated punch, order the Coffee Lover with an extra espresso shot.The staff here work hard to make drinks the way you like them. Like your lattes extra sweet? Just ask. How about freshly brewed coffee? They can serve any one of their beans through coffee syphons for a quality coffee experience. I've also tried their fresh juices. Pick a combination of fruits from a list and they will whip up freshly squeezed juice. It's simple and healthy.Hungry? It may not be clear on their drink menu, but they secretly serve Chinese food! I've seen them make chow mein, curry, won ton soup, etc. Nothing fancy here, just homemade Chinese comfort food.Overall, it's a wonderful coffee shop. It's a place I trust for a good coffee drink.
<review# 1001,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2011,1/2/2012,782,622,11,17,14>4.5I'm always looking for cool happy hour places in the area to check out with friends.  Today I decided (thanks to yelp) go to Next Door Lounge which is about a 5 minute drive for me. Driving by you can easily miss this place. It is located next to The Hollywood Corner Restaurant which is on the corner of Highland/Lexington. Look for the "key". They do have a Maitre D sitting up front outside to greet you and check ID.  He then calls in to let whomever inside know that we needed a table for two.  As we walk in, someone else is there to greet us and walk us to a table.  They open at 5pm on week nights and happy hour is from 5-8.  It isn't the cheapest happy hour out there but it's definitely cheaper than the regular price. My Moscow Mule (vodka with ginger beer) was $8, normally $12. We ordered the coconut shrimp which was delicious but cost $11 for 4 pieces of big shrimp. We also got the quesadilla tinga - which is a fancy chicken quesadilla. The venue is on the small side but it is such a cool place with great speak easy-inspired decor. The staff is dressed to match the 1920's period.  The room is very "open". There are lounge type tables, tall bar tables, a large dining table and couch-type seating to fit groups of all sizes. I was told they take reservations and recommend it whether it be a group of 2 or 20.  This would be a great place to celebrate a birthday as long as your guests are ok paying $12 per drinkThe head bartender won the reality show "On the Rocks: The Search of America's Top Bartender". Our server Christina was fantastic!  She's one of the best I've had in a long time. She was very pretty, friendly, helpful in explaining the menu, and very attentive so we were quite pleased. Parking is ok if you are willing to walk a block or 2.  After 7 there are plenty of meters that are free. They also offer valet. The area to the back of the restaurant  (McCadden) was a little seedy with lots of homeless people walking around so I didn't feel comfortable parking there. Instead I parked across the street on the other side of highland where the neighborhood felt much safer. Oh, on the way out, the same Maitre D sitting outside offered us a mint. I love it!!!! This will definitely be a place I plan to go back and introduce to my friends.
<review# 1002,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2011,1/1/2012,231,244,22,19,18>Un-befrickin-believable.  Best Thai food I've ever had.  On the real.  I wiped my tears away with kaffir lime leaves.We were on the hunt for Laotian food, but we settled for Northern Thai.  Best failed search since the discovery of America.I got the Jackfruit dish, out of a recommendation on their Yelp page.  It's typically made with pork, but they're happy to make it vegetarian.  I did one better and asked them to add shrimp.  I honestly don't even know what was in this dish, but I DO NOT GIVE A DAMN.  I would eat vats of this stuff! I can't stop thinking about it.  It was super savory and flavorful and spicy and perfect.My awesome sauce friend got the kha soi out of a recommendation from her e-friend. This stuff was so insanely good, our eyes locked when we both tasted it.  I think we saw each other's souls.  You need to try this dish, filled with noodles, cilanto, a perfect storm of spices, and a coconut curry sauce.  Topped with fried noodles, and on the side comes some garnishes.  The marinated pickles are amazing!  TRY THIS NOW.Service was fantastic and crazy nice.  It's a cozy spot with super fresh food.  Places like this make places like Toi look unnecessary. CASH ONLY.  Whatever, I'd pay them in gold if I had to.Lucky for me it's a stones throw from my place.  See you, like, tomorrow.
<review# 1003,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2011,12/31/2011,4161,1558,15,25,21>This is located in the alley behind Jake's.  It's on the south side, between Delacey and Fair Oaks.  You can park free for 90 minutes inside the parking structure on Delacey and Colorado.  There's also a complimentary 90 minute parking on Fair Oaks and Green.The staff was genuinely personable.  I really enjoyed being here.  Their personality really made this more than just a casual dining experience.Brothers Pies N' Fries serves up thin crust New York style pizzas.  It has a state of the art oven that is unique in that it kicks out 9 pies in 3 minutes, giving it a stone-baked effect.  I'm not into fries, but the pizza fries were very good as were all the other fries.  The prices are very reasonable.It closes at 11 p.m. and it has a d.j.   I'll probably take my boyfriend here next week.
<review# 1004,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2011,12/30/2011,1472,495,21,32,28>You know, tacos are pretty freaking amazing already.  Tortillas, good.Chopped onions and cilantro, good.Tender meat, real good.So the idea that a traditional taco could possibly be improved upon is a bit radical.  How can one improve upon seeming perfection?You should ask the owner of Guisados, Armando...that guy has figured it out.Step one - use HAND MADE tortillas.  The fact that each taco has a hand made, thick, wonderful tortilla made fresh is absolutely worth five stars by itself.  The tortillas are a bit thicker and a bit smaller and a hundred times better than anywhere else in the world.Step two - use traditional Mexican flavors not usually found in taco formI ordered the sampler plate.  6 tacos for $6.50.  But we aren't talking carne asada with a dab of salsa...oh no.Bistec en Salsa Rojo - Steak in red sauceTender meat, spicy sauce and a major kick of flavorChicharon - pork skin (the owner's fave)For fans of the skin, this is amazing. The gelatinous consistency and rich flavor are great.  Mole Poblano - chicken in dark mole sauceOne of my favorites!  Tender shredded chicken in a sauce with hints of chocolate and peanut butter topped with crema and red onion.  All the flavors of mole with that great tortilla?  Wowza.Tinga de Pollo - Shredded chicken in red sauceThis is my other favorite.  Perfect flavor and with a hit of the super spicy habanero salsa, you can up the fire factor.  Hongos con Cilantro - Mushrooms with cilantroA great vegetarian option.  The mushrooms have a "meaty" consistency, the flavor is rich and tastyCalabasitas - Squash and cornThe flavor of this vegetarian taco was amazing.  I love me the meat, but next trip to Guisados will definitely include one of these bad boys.  Soooo good.There were over six more tacos to choose from...gonna save it for the next time...Step 3 - have tamalesI got one for $1.50.  It was small, moist, filled with corn and chiles and freaking yummyStep 4 - legit Aguas frescasThe three biggest are there.  Jaimaca, Limonada and Horchata.  If your feeling a little saucy, order the Arnoldo Palmero, half Limonada, half Jaimaca, all good.Step 5 - have a clean, beautiful yet simple spaceWhen I walked in it smelled clean, it looked cleaner and there was amazing art all over the walls.  Whether it's the wall of art done by the owners son (which I wish was for sale because I wanted to buy at least 3 of them) or the wall dedicated to the Artist of the Month that has amazing art for sale, this place is a hidden gem and a great place to take a fellow lover of the taco goodness.Step 6 - Make it affordableI left being stuffed spending 10 bucks.  Me.  Stuffed.  Under $10.  That's unheard of yo.  FinallyStep 7 - Appreciate your customersThe owner, the employees, the whole vibe of this place was warm, welcoming and appreciative.  Just the care the food is made with shows the owner cares about his customers, but seriously, a friendly owner makes a happy customer who always wants to come back for more.  After today, I add myself to that list.So, if you want to try a new style of taco where the traditional Mexican dishes are served on fresh handmade tortillas, get in your car, drive down Cesar Chavez, quit acting like the area scares you and prepare to be amazed.
<review# 1005,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2011,12/29/2011,411,92,23,24,24>Unique in LA. And uniquely-LA. Owned by celebrities, patrons are dressed as if they're at a club and not a sports bar, most of the women inside have had plastic surgery, and you've got to make a reservation to get in for a big game. It's small and cool with great bar food. Try the beer battered chicken fingers. The nachos are delicious as well. I wish the beer list were more extensive--they have most of the beers that you would expect, but none of them that you wouldn't. Don't expect to find a great microbrew that you've never tried. This isn't that place. Instead it's an incredible place to watch a Laker playoff game (make sure to get a reservation). In some ways I think it's a better experience than being at Staples--more comfortable, better food and drink, easier to park, and you avoid the pre- and post-game traffic.
<review# 1006,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/29/2011,12/28/2011,3365,753,39,40,39>Chicken Pot Chicken Pot Chicken Pot Piiiiiie!First off....gawdamn David Cross for getting this stuck in my head for gawd knows how many years ANY and EVERY time I hear something about Chicken Pot Pie all I hear is this..... youtube.com/watch?v=Apmv… yeah, I know it's stupid but you're gonna be cursing me at the end of this review when you're singing it too.ANYWAYS.... Downtown LA is the spot for some tasty Brazilian treats including pork in a bun and the aforementioned pie...By the grace of the DTLA parking gods I snag a meter right in front of the restaurant....pop in a quarter...run in...use their shabby, weird bathroom yelp.com/biz_photos/ta7G… ...pay for my grub and I'm back on the 101 fwy in no time!  The enticing smells tease me all the way back home...then it's time to dig in.BRAZILIAN CHICKEN POT CHICKEN POT CHICKEN POT PIE ($13)The mini tin houses a perfectly baked pot pie served alongside some mixed greens yelp.com/biz_photos/ta7G…  One bite and you immediately get the creaminess from the sauce, tender chunks of chicken, hearts of palm, diced potato, a few olives and sweet juicy roasted corn...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ta7GyGyMGnn_­LeJkUeLqdQ?select=8u-uPeMTPREYXy_rKtbCWw the filling is practically perfect and combined with the golden brown, warm, flaky crust it is quite remarkable..... You also get a side of this great avocado/cilantro creamy green dipping sauce yelp.com/biz_photos/ta7G… that goes perfect with every bite.  The mixed greens salad...was...ummm....salad....I ain't wasting valuable stomach space with that stuff....next!PORK BURGER ($12)The patty on this thing was nothing short of ridiculous yelp.com/biz_photos/ta7G… ...in a good way.  Unfortunately I immediately saw that parts of the bun were quite burnt...along with some of the yam fries yelp.com/biz_photos/ta7G… Luckily...this burger is overflowing with so much flavor...the bun was almost a moot point.  I practically have to unhinge my jaw to take one big ass bite...unlike Giada from food network who can probably swallow this thing whole...y'know the one with the abnormally large head and pearly white chiclet filled smile, yeah the hot one.  Wait, what the hell was I talking about?  ah yes, pork.One bite of the burger and you get a little sweetness and warmth from the flufffy, toasted potato bun (the parts that were not burnt) and the perfectly seasoned and oh so meaty patty is tender, juicy and bursting with pure, porky flavor...http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/ta7­GyGyMGnn_LeJkUeLqdQ?select=yfOjz6RknBeFlQs9rhL5FQ the braised cabbage and onions are not overpowering and compliment the pork quite well.  Yam fries were standard...nothing special, thick sweet fries with minimal seasoning.  I ate about half of the burger and half of the pot pie and was absolutely stuffed and satisfied.I would gladly return and just in case you did not click the link up top....here's another "opportunity" youtube.com/watch?v=Apmv… just don't say I didn't warn you.Chicken pot chicken pot chicken pot piiiiieeee!
<review# 1007,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2011,12/27/2011,823,421,21,21,22>I initially loved this place because they carry my English dad's favorite imported breakfast tea in their grocery side of the store. Legit Brit, and so convenient!Then one day I affirmed my love after trying the food served in the restaurant side of the store... I can't tell u how many times I repeated "this is soooo good" while eating our variety of dishes!Our absolute favorites are the coconut fish curry (a dish worth five million stars), the chicken tikka with the green sauce that perfectly accompanies the spiced flavor of the chicken, the Aloo Bangen (eggplant potatoes side), and my favorite carb, the garlic naan! We also like the Tandoori chicken, the Palak Paneer (a spinach & cheese side), and the samosa appetizer with the sauces. The flavors of all the dishes are so bold and perfect.Our awesome, nice server, Nancy (she'll helpfully explain, describe, and recommend anything on the menu), mentioned the chili chicken or the chili anything... I can't wait to try that next! Because this place is so damn good, it's getting more and more popular (especially on yelp!)... The restaurant side was very full on a Saturday evening, and the servers were hustling with the rush.The environment is very casual, which I love. It's all about the food here, and they do it so well! You get a family-run vibe from the place, and they're very gracious and accommodating to their customers.I'm so happy this business is in town!! I'm a regular here most definitely!
<review# 1008,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/11/2011,12/26/2011,842,430,24,24,26>I didn't stay at the Hotel.I didn't eat at the Bazaar.But I did come to the SLS hotel to have some drinks at the bar, sample some of the tapas and to soak in the ambience and decor that is the SLS hotel.Sure you might spend $45 for 2 cocktails and a beer.But when you get to meet Mark Cuban on a random Saturday night and have the opportunity to let him know about how you feel about the Dallas Mavericks sweeping the Lakers in the last playoff series ...Priceless.If you don't know who Mark Cuban is ... lmgtfytinyurl.com/6bwrvn9Even if you don't experience any celebrity sightings, I think you'll definitely enjoy the scenery at the SLS hotel.Come with some friends or bring a date.Just come by.  Now.  Just don't forget to invite me.PS - I didn't talk shit to a billionaire. I was too distracted by the ever changing monkey portraits.
<review# 1009,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/31/2011,12/25/2011,875,170,33,28,30>When The Chalet became The Black Boar, I fell to my knees and threw my hands in the air, crying to the heavens:"Why, oh why, hath you forsaken my happiness for the almighty buck? I will never step foot through your doors. I will never see you again."I have a flair for the dramatic.The Chalet -- a place I had loved and gave my hard-earned money to keep it running,* and in turned did its best to be the embodiment of a  bar that I loved -- had closed down. There was an intermittent period of nothing. No Chalet; no bar in its stead. Then one day, like a phoenix rising from its ashes, the bar was open again; only this time, with a new name, and possibly an ostensible new attitude.*cue Patti Labelle music*The first day I walked into The Black Boar's hallowed doors, my stomach made those funny sounds you get when you're cuddling on the couch next to a girl you've just started dating. I was nervous that my experience wasn't going to match my expectations. You see, it was like bumping into an ex-girlfriend -- an ex-girlfriend with a make-over.  Will she have moved on? Does she care that I haven't visited her in a while? Does she know I'm coming and decided to look extra pretty, aware of the fact that I'll be checking her out for the first time since we parted ways? Do I ask a lot of questions?!?!  Oh dear.The Black Boar brings all of the cozy comforts that the Chalet had. It still has the warm hearth the fireplace brings. It has the foosball, which I'm pretty sure was there before pre-diva makeover.  And it also has a non-electric dartboard, that I knoooow wasn't there before.  The selection of music seems to be carried over from the previous establishment, and that to me is a good thing.The beer prices are a tad bit on the expensive side for the Eagle Rock/Eastside area, but still easily less than what you'd pay at any DTLA or Hollywood bar. Their selection borders on a decent make-up of Belgian beer and heffeweizers, but also provides domestic light beer.As it turned out, this place is really the same girl afterall; just a makeover, but with the same winning smile she always had. Some relationships were meant to be rekindled, I guess.- Will*Ok, so it probably wasn't my dough that kept The Chalet on its legs; but I like saying that I've been there, you know, before something was big -- like discovering a band before they turn into The Beatles.
<review# 1010,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/16/2011,12/24/2011,153,241,19,24,25>A friend once told me that if you can say the phrase "Pastrami on rye" 19 times fast then the one + only epic #19 (PASTRAMI, swiss cheese, cole slaw + Russian dressing on rye) will magically fall from the skies above!!!     *insert voices of singing angels here*Okay... maybe not really. But at least one thing is spot on... the pastrami here is heavenly!!! This isn't the thin-sliced cheap microwaved stuff from your everyday Subway sandwich or the greasy meat from The Hat or the fattier cuts from Oinkster; the pastrami here can be described as nothing less than perfect as it's cut into thick, meaty slices that are not only tasty but tender to the extreme that it's almost like the meat just slides down your throat. Soooo delicious! After eating the pastrami here, it's really hard to appreciate pastrami from anywhere else in LA ever again.     But wait... why the 4 stars then instead of 5 for all my raving praises?!? Location + prices. If not for Langer's, I would say the MacArthur Park area + Alvarado are places you only ever want to pass through by car + during daylight hours. Just walking the one block from their parking lot at the northeast corner of 7th Street + Westlake or from the Metro Westlake/MacArthur Park station makes me uneasy as there's many locals outside of the storefronts soliciting fake ID's + making comments no girl wants to hear. Ugh. For those who don't want to deal with this, I recommend ordering by phone + getting curbside pick-up on 7th St. And the prices... the famous #19 is a whopping $14.45 before tax + tip.  Yes it looks amazing... yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2…, + the combination of the salty pastrami with the sweet of the dressing + cole slaw is genius... but dropping over $15 for a lunchtime sandwich is a bit much. My personal Langer's pastrami favorite is actually the Pastrami French Dip yelp.com/biz_photos/qCJ2… because the au jus does wonders for boosting the savory flavors of the meat in my mouth, but yes, it, too, is priced high at $14.25. Sure, I suppose both sandwiches are portioned so that they could be shared between 2 people if you're a relatively small eater, but still... it comes a la carte so the price is too steep to afford more than once or twice a year. It's almost impossible to be a foodie in LA + have never at least heard of Langer's. This is one of those places where there's a line out the door at lunchtime + on weekends. If you've never been here before + are reading this review with $15 to spare for some of the best melt-in-your mouth pastrami you'll ever try in your life then GO GO GOOOOOO!!!  And don't forget to chant "Pastrami on rye" ... just in case...  ;)
<review# 1011,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2011,12/23/2011,329,128,14,17,14>LOVE Paul's!!**The wait staff is incredibly friendly, funny, and attentive. All around amazing service. * Large portions for the price. My party of 8 shared about 8 dishes and 8 Tsingtao beers for 95 dollars (not including tip). * A parking lot in downtown?! YES, they have one!Things you should know:1) This is NOT authentic Chinese food. Paul's is a place you would take your non-adventurous friends when you feel like something a little ethnic, but not too legit. Basically, it's lots of chowmeins and fried rices prepared in interesting ways. 2) It's not fancy. It's a step up from hole in the wall, but it looks like a cafeteria. Actually, more like a Chinese diner. 3) CASH ONLY!!
<review# 1012,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,12/22/2011,923,326,17,18,16>I just ate the most amazing balls in LA.  No not those kind of balls you sick people, please allow me to explain...It was cold, rainy and bustling on a Friday night, we were reluctantly seated on their heated patio but it was actually very warm and toasty!  One of the first things that come to mind as comfort food on a cold night is the ever so pedestrian Spaghetti and Meat-Balls.  I hope you get it now.  Except here, they do this exceptionally superb!  Someone brought up spaghetti & meatballs at work the other day and I had a weird hankering for some for days!Well this is the place to go not only for its amazing meatballs but their Rice Balls are the craziest nonsense I've ever eaten.  It's arancini done so perfectly, every single texture about it was spot on.  Every detail from its crunchy breadcrumbs delicately garnished with grated parmesan and minced parsley to the perfectly cooked risotto inside and the cheese gushing out from the middle... was nothing but a hot mess.  And in a fantastic way.The Gemleaf Lettuce Salad with Avocado we shared to start was probably the best salad I've had in a while, being a self proclaimed salad conoisseur.  And as a dressing hoarder - this delicate salad was tossed in a lovely, lightly creamy lemon creme fraiche vinaigrette. My dining companion had the grilled flank steak prepared medium and came garnished with a generous portion of arugula and shaved parmesan cheese.  The steak was a tiny bit over seasoned, but loved how they paired this with the aruglua as opposed to some big fat unnecessary starch we were already consuming in a gluttonous fashion.So let's circle back to the Spaghetti & Meatballs... you could taste that they've used every meat under the sun (beef, veal and lamb... I'm even guessing a little bit of pork) and here's the best part - the noodles that physically looked like they may be overcooked and soggy because they appreared so plump were much to my astonishment, superbly al dente since as I'd learned later from our server, the pasta itself was house made.So here's to bringing comfort back but done so perfected and refined.  The eye candy crowd and old school classic San Francisco ambiance only heightened my amazing-balls experience for sure.
<review# 1013,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/3/2011,12/21/2011,457,183,29,29,28>I don't valet.  And since most of the community in 90210 does... I was lucky enough to easily find street parking in Beverly Hills and add one extra experience to my evening at CUT.  This was the Pretty Woman Walk.  Oh yes, all you girls from the 80s know what I'm talking about... strutting up to that row of flags waving above the entrance to the Beverly Wilshire, wearing the highest of high-high heels.  So, maybe I wasn't wearing the turquoise miniskirt linked by gold rings to a white tank-top number (even though I always secretly coveted that outfit) but this flashback left me covered with smiles as I stepped through the door held open by the gracious bellhop.This was my first visit to the BW and I don't think I would have ever ended up here if it wasn't for my girlfriend with an excellent palate choosing CUT for her birthday celebration.   The BW was like it's own little world once inside, BLVD to my right and shops to my left, and after getting set on course by the delightful concierge I made my way over to the steakhouse.  We were a fairly large party so there was the expected wait for everyone to arrive, in which I soaked up every second since it was a straight up fashion show in there... everyone looking spectacular, even though (unfortunately) not famous.  Our party was seated at a table in the upper far corner which gave us a lofty view of the room, but still no star sightings.  No matter, since the wait staff was impeccable and the food was top notch.  My most favorite nuance of CUT was the synchronized plate drop.  When it first happened at our table, I was gripping the seat wondering what was about to go down, but the servers performed it beautifully.  Seriously, to experience the full effect, you've got to be in a big group.  I loved how they all stood in position, waiting until everyone was in place so the presentation could be displayed appropriately.  The dish winners of the night were the bone marrow flan and the ricotta cheesecake dessert.  ("But what about the steak!!!," you ask?  I'll explain in a moment.)  I am not a fan of cheesecake, but this version was an exception to the rule.  Also, even with the hefty price tag found at CUT, most of us had a good portion of our meal to take home which included a fancy BWH bag (which I will be holding onto in case there is a need for future flaunting, thank you very much!) Now, with the Pretty Woman Strut, the synchronized plate dropping, and fancy doggy bags... I've come to the conclusion that CUT is a loc of sensory overload.  At first, I wasn't impressed by my steak (however, I must admit, I have been incredibly spoiled by my past steak experiences outside of the confines of los Estados Unidos.)  However, the next day when I was in my itty-bitty studio in Ktown, reheating my USDA Prime, Nebraska Corn Fed, Dry Aged 35 days,  New York Sirloin... I sat down to take a bite and.... OMG!  Those left-overs rank in some of the most delicious morsels of beef I have ever tasted!  All in all, the wad of dough dropped at the historical landmark of the Beverly Wilshire Hotel... totally worth it.
<review# 1014,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2010,12/20/2011,274,232,17,23,23>For me, It's already a given that everyone loves Porto's.  If you don't... well I've never met anyone who doesn't... but that would be rare and unusual indeed.  My right eyebrow would raise and I would immediately suspect that there was some sort of past psychological trauma involving delicious pastries for next to nothing.  A sad, sad story for sure...Here's a list of my all-time favorite things to get:My favorite pastries:cheese rollschocolate croissants (this is my current all-star)guava and cheese strudelpear and cheese pastrymacaronsMy favorite cakes:chocolate raspberryindividual flanindividual tiramisuchocolate yule logMy favorite bread:walnut raisin roundMy favorite hot food:potato ballmeat pieMy favorite sandwich:steak tortaMy favorite soup:potato leekMy favorite drink:any smoothieBoth the Glendale and Burbank locations are great with impressively large but fast-moving lines of people.
<review# 1015,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/14/2011,12/19/2011,342,218,21,20,17>Do you have any Filipino inside you?Would you like some? ;)What? No, I'm not hitting on you. I'm talkin' Filipino food. Have ya had it before? No? Well this is the place for you to pop that cherry. It's quick, cheap, and authentic enough to get the job done. You're always gonna hear that "there's no Filipino food like home-cooked Filipino food". Sounds cliche, but it's unfortunately true (in my experience, anyway). But before you go try to hook up with a Filipino boy/girl just to be able to see for yourself, check this place out first..What you should order:- Lechon Kawali - A must. This is the single dish that converted Atie P. into a pinay and turned her on to the Filipino cuisine. Just check her "Current Crush". Oh, and don't bother with the Crispy Pata. This is just as good, if not better. Perfectly crispy on the outside, tender and juicy on the inside. Don't forget the Mang Tomas (lechon sauce)! 5/5- Breakfast Combo Plate - Craving for some longanisa? tocino? beef tapa? Can't decide which one you want? Why not order them ALL. This plate has a little bit of everything plus garlic rice and egg and is just a tad higher in price than the individual entrees. I just wish they were cut better. 4/5I've tried many of their dishes, but none stick out as much as the above-mentioned. Oh and it should also be noted that the garlic rice is pretty meh here. Just opt for the steamed rice.Also, I rarely ever mention this... but take note of their presentation. Get those cameras out because every single dish is pretty darn photogenic (see atie p.'s photo: yelp.com/user_local_phot…). Subtle, but impressive.All in all, great food for an even greater price. :DJust watch that cholesterol... -_-
<review# 1016,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/11/2010,12/18/2011,159,453,64,20,30>Things that I don't need: a $400+ scarf.Things that I want: a $400+ scarf.Things I am not getting for Christmas: a $400+ scarf.But that's okay, because they're not going anywhere.  I should know, I stop by on such a regular basis just to make sure.  The sales people must think I'm such a tourist, and I suppose I am to some extent.  For me, it's a small adventure to be surrounded by such luxe items.I try not to feel belittled for not ever making a purchase, and try not to be jealous of those that can.  That would ruin the fun, wouldn't it?  I like to think that I'm just making a mental shopping list for my future, wealthy self.  And shouldn't Hermes be pleased that they're in the running for my money?  Feel free to ignore my presence now, I know I'm not worth your time, but one day we shall be great, great friends.
<review# 1017,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2011,12/17/2011,361,411,15,18,17>I was driving down a small street on a Sunday when I passed Highland and saw a bunch of cars crowded around some place. Naturally, the curiosity in me prompted me to figure out what this place was, and I saw cupcakes! I continued on my way because I had to be somewhere, but I couldn't shake the thought out of my head, so I drove back afterwards to check it out, but for some reason they closed early for the day! I was QUITE sad.Since my craving was not satisfied, I knew I'd be in the area the following day, so I dragged my coworker with me to try out these cupcakes! I picked up a strawberry cream cheese cupcake (rec'd by the staff), a salted caramel hi-top, and a chocolate caramel buttercream toffee cupcake. They give out free mini samples of their flavor of the month on the first of every month, and that day happened to be the 1st of August (I know, late review), so I got to try their tropical passion fruit/orange cream cheese cupcake.The chocolate caramel buttercream toffee was delicious! Flavorful and rich, and the crunch of the toffee with the fluffy cake was so good! The salted caramel hi-top was really good too. It's sweet, but the saltiness gives it a nice addicting contrast. The strawberry one was fluffy and light, and although they said it's one of their most popular ones, it didn't blow me away. The mini passion fruit was interesting, in a good way.And my coworker tried their carrot cream cheese cupcake and loved it!Overall, taste is a 4.5, rounded up by their cute shop, sweet staff, parking lot, and innovative cupcakes!
<review# 1018,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2011,12/16/2011,1250,1174,31,28,26>For my 666th Review, I felt that it would be appropriate to write one about the Museum of Death. This place is an absolute horror. I'm kind of a wimp, so I was tempted to give it 3-stars because I left genuinely horrified, but the fact that I was shaking in my boots at 3pm in the afternoon on a bright and sunny day made me think that they really knew how to run a museum of such caliber. So kudos to them for freaking me out. I remember the first time my best friend and I went into the old location of the Museum of Death just off of Hollywood about 10 years ago. We weren't technically old enough to go there, but we lied and got in somehow. Now, many years later, it was crazy to see so many familiar photographs, torture devices, and other Death-related items. The videos are seriously gruesome and there is a creepy vibe all throughout that will give you goosebumps hours after you leave. Being a film noir/pulp fan, I was drawn to the photos of serial killers and the Black Dahlia murders. These are not for the faint of heart. The executions and the mysteries truly give you an eerie sense of Hollywood romanticism. Whether you like it or not, you can't stop looking. This is definitely not a place to take young children-- unless you're the Adams Family. However, those who are into slasher films, unsolved mysteries, death, gothic-things, medieval torture things...this is totally  for you. Funniest thing about this place? The owners and the employees are the nicest people!PS. I think it's funny that people would go to a place called the Museum of Death and then complain about how it was intense and disturbing. What did you expect? :)
<review# 1019,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2011,12/15/2011,877,577,16,19,15>With all the other Mexican places around this area, we never thought to actually stop in here until I saw the reviews on Yelp. (Seriously it's like Mexican food row along Route 66  with names like Taco Taco-now closed, Burrito Village-now closed, Taco King, Taco Tapatio, Alberto's Mexican, Mauricio's Mexican,  Sergio's Mexican, plus all the other Mexican places in the surrounding area...Taco Nazo, Pepe's Taco.... What's next??? Burrito Burrito? Taco City?? lol.. )You can compare the fish tacos here to Taco Nazo's. Their 2 fish taco combo (#1) with drink/rice/beans is under $5 and if you pay like $0.50 more for Combo #3 you can get 1 fish and 1 shrimp taco. FRIDAYS = $0.99 Tacos! (Asada, Barbacoa, Carnita & Chicken)They are decent in size & quality. My husband likes them so he's a happy camper... with the price too. Parking lot sucks. There aren't a lot of spaces. The narrow driveway only fits one car for two way traffic so you can imagine what it looks like if a car is trying to pull in while another is trying to get out. -1/2 Star for parking lot-1/2 Star for no free refills
<review# 1020,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2011,12/14/2011,412,220,44,30,29>After seeing pictures of these multi-colored hamburger-looking mini-pastries all over my facebook newsfeed for months on end, I finally got to try them to see what all the hype was about. OH. MY. JEEBUS.That's all I have to say about that. (Haha yeah right! I'll get back to it later).Anyway, I went with my friend Sarah S. who was literally TREMBLING with excitement at the thought of getting macarons. I thought her behavior odd. As soon as she walked in, she got on her phone in a hurried frenzy to call her friends to see what flavors they wanted. Again, odd. But I thought nothing of it.As I walked closer to the glass display behind which the macarons lay, a disturbing sight met my eyes. Was this it? I was literally SHOCKED at how SMALL they were. THEY WERE TINY! I then looked at the prices. GASP! $1.60 for 1 of these pastel colored dust particles? You've got to be kidding me! I laughed out loud as I saw Sarah pick out her favorite flavors and case them in boxes of 6 as if she was getting the deal of a lifetime. Even more ridiculous than the price of 1 was the price of 6!Follow my math here. If 1 piece costs $1.60, then shouldn't 6 pieces cost $9.60? Instead, Paulette sells a "box of 6" for $10.50. WHAT? They actually charge MORE if you buy in larger quantities? It was this pricing paradox that caused me to raise my already high eyebrows even HIGHER as I continued to watch Sarah pace back and forth, trying her very hardest to narrow down her desired flavors to 6.I finally couldn't take it anymore. I had walked into the store without an ounce of desire to buy a macaron, but Sarah's infatuation with these little clumps of flour and sugar prevented me from resisting any longer. So naturally I bought a box of 6. (Hey! If I'm going to try something, I'm going to try it!).I walked out with Earl Grey, Raspberry, Caribbean Chocolate, French Vanilla, Pistachio, and Almond.We stood outside near the metered parking and opened our boxes of macaroons. Sarah immediately opened hers and devoured one. When I started to give her a look of "I thought we were going to eat it together" she said curtly and defensively "There's no waiting with Paulette's!" Needless to say, I was taken aback. This normally mild-mannered girl had suddenly transformed into a crazy woman...all for a colored pastry. I was tired of being confused. I knew I had to take a bite.I got out my Earl Grey macaron and observed its grayish/teal exterior for a few seconds. I literally prepared myself for utter disappointment. With all the hype...with Sarah's strange behavior...I concluded: it can't be that good.Then I bit into it. Holy mother of macaron.And that's all I have to say about that.
<review# 1021,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2011,12/13/2011,181,30,26,50,42>I came here with my family one day and it was PACKED as usual! If you're ever planning on coming here, don't expect a 5-10 min wait cause the norm here is approximately 20-30 mins on a GOOD day! El Tepeyac was one of the restaurants featured in Man V. Food, and as a result has gained a reputation for its ginormous portions of food! The best option I recommend is that you order take out! There's a separate line for "dine-in" and another line around the corner for "take out."The take out line is a lot faster and it's a lot more efficient especially if you're always on the go like myself!But let's get to the food. The portions here are HUGE and the prices are decent for the amount of food that you are getting. The people who work here are very generous and they are so friendly that they even let you sample some of their wide array of meats so that you can have a better "feel" on what you would want. I would highly recommend trying their Hollenbeck Carne Asada burrito though! It is jam packed with succulent pieces of Carne Asada steak, with fresh pico de verde, onions, salsa, and fresh guacamole! It was so delicious!You should also try the Manuel Special but be warned because this is ONE HUGE BURRITO! It literally fed 4 grown adults and 2 kids and there was even a little bit leftover afterwards! Everything about the food here is great. The meat is nice and juicy, the salsas are fresh and there isn't a better place in East LA where you can get quality style burritos with these kind of portions! It's definitely a MUST TRY for any fan of Mexican food hands down!
<review# 1022,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2011,12/12/2011,444,330,26,27,22>I'll teach you how to nab a four-star experience from this seemingly solid three-star place. 1. Come early. Like 10:55 AM on a Monday early. Parking? Like a boss. "The early bird gets to see me crossing the Delaware... And a worm to boot! Yeehaw!" - George Washington 2. 9.99:      a) Marinated beef (bulgogi). Yes, bulgogi on the 9.99 list. Get it.        b) Marinated chicken.      c) Brisket.      d) Repeat steps 2a to 2c at least three times per party of 2. Standard KBBQ rule of thumb. 3. Service? Smile. Say "thank you". The waitress will hang around you nonstop, and think all the other tables' orders are suddenly yours. Steamed egg? I guess it's mine now. A whole pitcher of water in addition to my lemonade? Thanks! Extra rice without asking? Well, if you insist...4. Wear your KBBQ clothes here. 5. Disregard most sides, acquire meat. Do not stray from intended course of action. 6. Remember to tip. Kindness goes a long way.GG.
<review# 1023,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2011,12/11/2011,1168,209,27,22,22>Hands down BEST TRUFFLE FRIES of maaaa liiiiife!!!!My girlfriend and I got the Deadly Combo which is your choice of any two tacos, a side and a soda ($10) - so a taco for each of us and a side to share....Just as we started eating, she got a phone call....Now....normally I would slow down the pace of my eating, to courteously ensure  we were getting an equal share of the fries....I mean...she's on the phone for Christ's sake....she's holding the fries in one hand....and the phone in the other...It's the decent thing to do!!....but MANNNN I couldn't help myself....These fries turned me into a ravenous BEAST! I was pounding down those fries faster than I could chew and I'm pretttttty sure at one point I was using BOTH of my hands to simultaneously shovel the food into my mouth, while she was (thankfully!) heavily invested in her conversation...I kept thinking to myself "DON'T hang up! Don't hang UPPP! Just keeeeep talkin okay? Yeahh, thaaat's it....haha yeah, keep laughing too....that's great....I'm just wrapping up here..."And oh ya, the tacos! We got the Kimodo 2.0 for her and the Blazin Shrimp for me which was hellllla spicy but the cool sour cream dressed greens on top were the perfect compliment to hose down your mouth from the fiery shrimp. Delish!Komodo. Truffle. Fries. I. Heart. You.
<review# 1024,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/3/2011,12/10/2011,313,149,14,80,13>This might help.. me being a Wi Spa guru and all  :) WI SPA FOR BEGINNERS: ( You guy's better mark this as Useful! This took me a lonnggg time!) . *These steps are for women for the most part. This review can help for guys too. 1. You can find free parking in their private lot 2. If you're planning to go for the full Wi Spa experience, ask them for "jim jil bang" (This includes the spa and hot rooms). You can also purchase your special services at the front desk. Entry normally costs $25, Tuesday it's $15.Their massages and salt scrubs are amazing. 3. Tell them your T-shirt size 4. They will hand you a towel, your t-shirt, and a bracelet. Keep this waterproof bracelet with you at all times. It is your key to your locker. 5. Go down the stairway across the front desk towards the women's locker. Once you've entered the locker room, you will see these shelves on your left( don't mistake these for the lockers, you will see another mini entrance once you've entered the women's lockers. There's a sign saying you need to take your shoes off at this entrance. The shelves are on your left before you pass this sign). You can find a pair of shorts in these shelves. Sizes range from left to right. Make sure you also pick up a robe located towards the bottom right side of the shelves. 6. Take your shoes off before you enter the actual locker area. You shoes will stay in your locker. 7. The number on your bracelet is the same as your locker number. 8. Open your locker by using the face of your bracelet. It has a special magnet. 9. The first place to go would be sauna room in order to wash up, therefore most people either wear towels or go naked. Most will go naked. 10. When you enter the sauna (same floor as the lockers), you'll find complimentary  green tooth brushes and tooth paste in front of you by a rectangular pillar.  11. You can also find the steam room and well as the sauna on your right. 12. Once you've finished bathing and steaming up, go back to your locker and change into the t-shirt and shorts they've given you. Don't forget to take your towel. I guarantee you will sweat! Walk towards the entrance of the women's locker. If you look to your right before the "take off your shoes" sign, you'll see a stairway. Walk up two flights of stairs or take the elevator towards the common room.  13. The common room is a free for all, so you can sit wherever you would like. If there aren't any brown seats left, go to your left once  you've entered this room. In the corner you will see a stack of brown seats. You can also find pads to lay on; either scattered around the room or in random piles throughout the room. You'll also notice that the floors are heated  If you're thirsty, you can find a water dispenser on your right. It's behind the row of computers (you can use these for free). Grab  a little square next to the water dispenser; believe it or not, it's your cup. You'll see as soon as you open it. 14. If you're hungry, they have a Korean restaurant. They have non-Korean items as well like chicken, Asian fusion tacos, and various juices. 15. All the heated rooms serve a special purpose. If you open the door and look at the sign inside the door, it will tell you how the room can benefit your body. I recommend staying in each room for at least 15-20 minutes, but the longer, the better. You'll also find small leather pillows or wooden blocks (acts as a hard pillow) in each room.16. The cold room normally goes last since you need to close your pores. 17.  Once you're finished with these rooms, I would recommend taking a nice shower. 18. This place is open 24/7, so you can seriously stay here overnight as long as you pay an extra fee (overnight fees apply if you pass 4am).   19. ENJOY and Prepare to have baby butt skin as soon as you walk out!
<review# 1025,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2011,12/9/2011,971,448,42,38,42>My boyfriend and I had the terrific fortune of attending a wedding reception (super congratulations, Roberto and Jacqueline!) in The Castaway's Twilight Ballroom yesterday. At the same time, I had the less terrific fortune of having a face goiter the size of British Columbia along my lower right jaw, the result of an impacted wisdom tooth*, and was thusly unable to eat a good 65% of the food laid before me. You should know, then, that the following list is presented with a heaping side of jealousy for those who do not have asymmetrical John McCain jowls, for they can enjoy everything Castaway has to offer without fear of breaking face.Star the first: My entrée, the pesto portabello ravioli, was everything I dreamed it would be when I selected it months ago, only fifteen times better because I could actually chew it; paired with steamed vegetables (chewable!) and a sourdough roll torn to ridiculously tiny (chewable!) bits, the meal was satisfyingly face-melting but not at all face-breaking, a wonderful thing indeed. Star the second: The Twilight Ballroom is gorgeous, a huge space with enough tables to comfortably seat the two-hundred-or-so-I'm-just-guesstimating-here attendees, with a substantial dance floor--AND A MARIACHI BAND!--to boot...Star the third:...and so opulent that it deserves another star: imagine tulle strung with fairy lights strewn in latticework-patterns across the ceiling, meeting at each of the giant crystal chandeliers; now imagine the same thing set against a huge glass wall reflecting the east Valley at dusk. Light pollution has never been so beautiful.Star the fourth: Though I didn't get to sample as many appetizers as I'd've liked, every bit of crunchy food (battered chicken fingers, some kind of shrimpy thing, an egg roll that I was willing to break my face on before my boyfriend wrassled it away from me) smelled incredible. I have never felt more left out at a restaurant, which can only reflect positively on The Castaway, y'know?Star the fifth: The service was fast, efficient, and seemingly endless. We at the Jesus Christ Superstar** table agreed: Apart from the wedding being a huge success, The Castaway itself is a pretty bang-up place with on-point service. If only they hadn't kept offering me appetizers...Five stars!   *(rant taken down before someone flags this review and yelp is forced to remove it. I sometimes think before I publish these things. Sometimes.)**Tangent/A Trip Down Memory Lane: Honestly, in a seating system based on musical theatre, could there be a better table to sit at?  yelp.com/biz/arlington-t… . Didn't think so.
<review# 1026,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,12/8/2011,1201,1068,12,16,13>The Music Box has gone through many great changes and I believe this is one of the coolest venues in Hollywood. If you ever get a chance to stop by and watch a band, DJ or some type of musician this is one of the stops I would recommend. It has that touch of old school flare mixed with new interpretation of art. I love it and there is so much uniqueness and intrigue when I come here. The upstairs is one of my favorite places of this whole building. Watch your step of course and up top are some very comfortable couches and you don't have to be a VIP to sit up here. Anyone can come and tag along. Also you won't be missing any of the music because they have speakers outside. The city view of nice buildings is always fun and the Music Box has many locations to buy your liquid courage at! wink wink! This place is pretty large and will fit a lot of people but you should buy your tickets in advance and show up for your event! :) I can't wait for my next one!
<review# 1027,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2011,12/7/2011,1355,253,33,44,38>One of my favorite places in LA, maybe the world. Where my beloved Ecuadorian festival transpires every year. Where many of the city's cultural celebrations begin. Where my favorite free concert happens in the street daily. This is where it happens. This is where it all began. El Pueblo De Los Angeles Historical Monument. What does that mean? Pueblo means "city." Los Angeles means "the angels" SO this place marks the birth place of the city of Angels, AKA LA. The most epic cultural melting pot in the world and my hometown. This fantastic cultural diversity stems from the birth of Los Angeles. We ALL belong here.:-) Historians have gingerly preserved the history of Los Angeles and the history of the pueblo. Literature is widely made available at the Visitors' Center where you can watch a film, arrange a walking tour and more. Forgive me, but I've done my homework before writing this review. It has been long in the making. This promises to be another long review. Sorry! Before the City of Los Angeles was founded, the Los Angeles region was occupied for thousands of years by Native Americans. Their roots and agricultural genius are still our bounty. Smell the flowers blooming? Who are the immigrants? Most of us.;-) Originally, the City of Los Angeles was founded by settlers from the present-day Mexican northwest states of Sonora and Sinaloa in 1781. Mexico has not lost her cultural grip on the pueblo ever since. African Americans, since 1781, have made significant contributions to the history of Los Angeles. In arts, culture, science, education, architecture, politics and more when they came to the pueblo by way of the Moors through Mexico. By 1870, 200 Chinese immigrants had set up shop here at Los Angeles Street as entrepreneurs when they were banned from labor due to small-minded thinking. In 1832 the French brought a vineyard to the pueblo. Italians, Mexicans, Native Americans, Spanish and many more cultures from all over the globe had a hand in painting this masterpiece known as Los Angeles. And they still do.:-) Now, within walking distance of the Pueblo, you will find a great number of our museums and cultural centers. Our most prominent and oldest train station is here. (Union Station) Mexican and Latin heritage thrives at the famous Olivera street. Chinatown celebrates the Chinese New Year with a parade here every year. Little Tokyo's Japanese museum enlightens us. Most of the public transportation lines in the city will take you here. Why pay to park?! Union Station is the hub for most bus, metro and train lines. How far is Union station? Right across the street. If you are one of my most cherished friends, chances are that I have taken you here. Or at least invited you here. I love to take the train here on the weekends and listen to the most soulful sound that is the FREE live music here. I have kept this secret from you too long. Come here to listen to the music, while you still can. A dollar might walk out of your pocket and into the tip jar. A tear might roll down your cheek for listening. Even if you can not hear the music, the expression on the flute player's face will tell you what the song is about. Andean music fills the Pueblo lately. Andean flutes play notes that most other instruments are incapable of. It sounds like the sound of sorrow. It is hard to explain how that is a good thing. It just is OK! LA is the coat of many colors. My living proof that so many of us can get along, thrive and prosper. People of a thousand different colors, creeds and faiths now live among the nearly 4 million residents of LA. This marks the place where we got this party started. This fantastic cultural diversity started with the birth of Los Angeles. This monument marks the spot. We ALL belong here:-)
<review# 1028,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/7/2011,12/5/2011,700,318,21,30,27>The NEW location of Owner/Chef Ike-san of the old Hollywood location Sushi Ike (which was sold to someone else)!Called for a reservation (required per other Yelpers) for seating at the sushi bar (to get the full experience, watching a master work his magic, see the freshness of the product through the windows, get some friendly banter with the Chef as he prepares you some delicious Omakase) which is a must.OPEN:  TUES - SAT 5:30 p.m. to 10 p.m. for dinnerThey may be open for lunch - call to check as I can only make it during dinner time & only asked for that info.  Sorry!PARKING:  90 minutes free in the Metro parking - people keep reviewing to park in the lot - which lot?  I circled twice & double backed once.  It's the same lot as the one where you park for La Grande Orange Cafe or the Metro Station.  ^_^  As you come out of the garage elevator, Sushi Kimagure is to your right on the 1st floor of the condo/apartment complex, La Grande Orange is to your left.ALCOHOL:  In the midst of obtaining a liquor license so just enjoy the very very hot green tea that is constantly refilled.  I brought my friends Soo & John to dinner as they were the ones who originally introduced me to Ike-san's old restaurant in Hollywood.  Now that we all moved further away, we hadn't been back in a few years.  Chef Ike recognized John instantly.  Soo & I not so much - we were just John's arm candies for the night.  LOL! We all agreed to do Omakase & it went a little bit like this:EBI TOPPED W/ CLAM - Delicious light sauce - didn't need to dip it into soy sauce (actually I ended up topping my sushi w/ just the wasabi - nothing needed the soy sauce really).yelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…BLUE FIN TORO & BLUE FIN MAGURO - (FAVE #1) - I ate it right to left (picture) with maguro 1st & toro 2nd.  The maguro melted in your mouth like a normal toro at other locations & the toro just disappeared like butter on a hot skillet pan.  YIKES!  Uh, may I have another please?  Ok, ok, I didn't ask for another 'cos I felt like a fatty but I will get this again in 2 weeks when I come back w/ other buddies + Soo/John (they'll kill me if I don't go w/ them again hah!)yelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…RED SNAPPER - fresh, light, deliciousyelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…GRILL-SEARED SALMON BELLY - (FAVE #2) instead of using the normal blowtorch that most locations use, Ike-san lightly sears the belly on this special grill & serves it to you & says "Eat it now...you have to eat it right away."  Basically I put down my phone & shoved the goodness into my mouth & got no picture.  *sad face*  *happy mouth & tummy*(no pix - and actually it was so darn good, no apologizes either)AMAEBI W/ FRIED HEAD - very fresh, the shrimp were dancing around in the sous chef's hand (okay - I don't know what you call the chef-next-in-line to Ike-san at a sushi restaurant so I just called him that - but he's the very tall man next to Ike-san).  Fried head was crispy & not chewy so that tells you just how fresh the shrimp is (the chewier the fried shell, the less fresh/dead the shrimp is/was) & we asked for a side of ponzu sauce & to dip it in.yelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…yelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…ALBACORE - lightly doused in sauce so it didn't mask the fresh tastiness of the fishyelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…HOKKIGAI SURF CLAM - this thing was so fresh, Chef Ike slapped it like a baby's butt before serving it to us.  It did a little curl upwards like "YOWTCHY~!" and then ended up in our mouth w/ a nice sweet crunch.yelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…SCALLOP - very large piece integrated with a piece of shiso leaf.  Nice dense texture, clean, no weird filmy after taste that you get at other places that use lesser quality product.yelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…GRILLED TAKO (OCTOPUS) - (FAVE #3) this is another favorite dish of ours.  Something about that grill in the back does magic!  Octopus was lightly grilled, juicy & tender (not chewy).  Delish!yelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…AJI - no fishiness here!yelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…UNI - melted the whole way downyelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…CHAWANMUSHI - light poached egg mixed w/ shimeji mushroom, shrimp, scallopyelp.com/biz_photos/1nY1…All this for 3 people at about $60/person before tip is pretty good in my book!  Can't wait to give the final 5th star.
<review# 1029,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/12/2011,12/4/2011,920,518,33,46,41>Bouchon (BOO-shon) 1. a Thomas Keller restaurant found in Beverly Hills, CA (also Yountville, CA, Las Vegas, NV). Named and modeled after a type of restaurant found in Lyon, France. Bouchon, larger than a traditional French bistro, is a social place to enjoy traditional French comfort food, conducive to people watching in an authentically appointed setting: dark wood, mirrors, banquettes, tile floors and zinc bar.2. a wine closure/cork. Bouchon, the restaurant, is a well-crafted, meticulously maintained brand from the impeccably trained wait staff to the consistent fare - what exits the kitchen is visually identical to what is pictured on Bouchon's website and in Keller's cookbook. Service is polite, reserved, attentive. Seating is comfortable. Although close, it is not so close that conversations are overheard. Ambient noise might bother some.  The evening's requisite: veggies. Salade de Artichaut et Fenouil - artichoke and fennel salad with grilled ricotta salata, citrus confit wild arugula and barigoule vinaigrette. Salade de Cresson et d'Endives au Roquefort et Noix - watercress and endive salad with Roquefort, toasted walnuts and walnut vinaigrette. Both were fresh, appropriately dressed.  The evening's real agenda: dessert! Crème Caramel - delicate, melt-in-your-mouth caramel custard. Profiteroles  - vanilla ice cream presented between two slivers of pâte à choux, chocolate sauce served on the side.  Chocolate Bouchons - three brownie-like (chocolate chips baked in the batter), cork-shaped cakes served with ice cream and seasonal fruit.  Desserts were art-on-the-plate decadent, delicious but in my opinion, the Crème Caramel's simplicity and lightness won first place.All in all a pleasant dining experience worth a return visit once I work off the calories. Bon appetit!
<review# 1030,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2011,12/3/2011,3002,1579,23,34,25>I cannot say enough good things about this company.I have used them three times over the past 7 years.  Obviously, I have exterior leaks from time to time.Recently, after the last hard driving rain, I noticed a bit of staining on the drywall over my front door. I know from past experience that this is a big red flag, even though there was no musty odor.  Staining means that moisture is in the wall.  Mold grows in 24 hours.It doesn't take a big opening to allow a lot of water to come inside  -  a bit of decayed caulking by the window trim can cause a whole lotta grief.Sheldon was out the next day with a moisture meter.  He did a thorough examination of the walls, he climbed out on a balcony to identify sources of possible water intrusion, and scheduled an intrusive (small opening of the walls in a few places to get a closer look) the same day.If you suspect water damage in a wall, don't take time to think it over.  Act.I had a couple of sources of possible water entry, one of which was from a roof area. Jeff from Building Cleaning came out immediately, turns out he's a general contractor with roofing experience (what luck).  He did a thorough, patient evaluation of the situation & we determined that two stories of interior drywall in one area would have to be removed.When it rains, it pours....dang.Next day the crew contained the area & began slowly taking off drywall.  Some of the drywall was damp, as was the insulation, as was the wood behind it.  The guys, under Jeff's supervision, moved carefully as they analyzed each piece of wall that was removed.Of course this was scary for me, but I knew I was in good hands.  The crew was careful to not let any dust spread around & they cleaned up all the mess in the containment area.  Somebody even vacuumed the outside of my front door, haha.....it's cleaner now than it's ever been.Next step is to sand and clean all the wood in the walls (we're doing this today). Then everything will be dried out.  When the exterior problem areas are repaired, new drywall goes up.....and it's like nothing ever happened.Yes, this costs a chunk of change but not a fortune.  The good news is that the issues are being addressed before there was significant mold growth.  Whew, I lucked out.Did I mention that the Building Cleaning Services guys are great fun to be around? In the midst of the demolition, we were joking & laughing.  Hey...if ya take life's bumps in the road too seriously, you'll be a bundle of misery.Kathy in the Building Cleaning office listens to me gripe endlessly about the joys of home ownership, for years she has been sympathetic.  Ahhhh.....beach living.  Everything rots.But if I were to leave I'd miss the sound of foghorns & crashing surf & barking sea lions at night.And Building Cleaning would lose one of their steady customers. I ain't stupid - I got carpet the same color as all the sand I track in.I'm staying.Someday I will build my dream beach house constructed of vinyl.
<review# 1031,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2011,12/2/2011,457,380,9,13,16>My 200th review! Recently went to one of the most popular restaurants in DTLA w/one of my closest buddies :) Came here impromptu on a Friday night expecting a long wait... but was shocked and a little discouraged at the 1.5 hr wait! LOL! Lucky for me and BJ, while we were contemplating leaving, a seat opened up near the bar! :) and we stole it with a quickness! --Bianco Pizza ($16)-- Thin NY style pizza topped with 3 types of cheese (ricotta, mozzarella, granna parmesan). The entire pizza is topped with arugula giving it a beautiful presentation! Yum! Arugula + 3 Cheeses = yummy flavor kick! Plus I was pleasantly surprised at how big the pizza was.. could have been a meal for 2 by itself! --Hamburger ($15)-- Hello Kobe beef burger!!! Ordered ours medium - should have seen the size of this thing! It was HUGE! Lets just say you shouldn't order this if you're on a nice date - it can get messy! Yummy juicy hamburger! Solid! No complaints here! --Macaroons (4 for $8, 8 for $16, 12 for $24)-- Don't leave without trying their macaroons. Yes you've heard the hype.. and yes its THAT GOOD! How do I describe this piece of heaven? The outside has a little bite, the inside is chewy, and the middle is creamy-melt-in-your-mouth! My goodness! SO SO good! If you can't fit any more in your belly, take some home or bring some home to your friend :) They will love you forever! All in all, we had a really great time. People complain about the noise and the wait. But I loved the noisy hustle-bustle atmosphere, the cute waiters, the bar + restaurant + dessert counter all smashed into one crazy mess! With the reasonable prices and delicious food, I can see why Bottega Louie is one of the most popular spots in DTLA. I will definitely be coming back again soon :) to fill my belly w/pizza + macaroons :D
<review# 1032,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2011,12/1/2011,14,14,20,41,19>Dr. Sands has always been a great dentist but it wasn't until recently that I decided to try teeth whitening for my 36th birthday!  What a relief when I came out feeling...moreso looking like it was my 28th birthday...what a difference sparkly whites make!  I look and feel so good!  I was a bit apprehensive at first but there was nothing to fear and the results were amazing.  Dr. Sands and his staff were so comforting and accommodating and made me feel like a VIP, makes the dental experience not so bad.  Even better, I was able to park in the 2 hour free lot around the corner, grab a delicious crepe half a block a way and get my teeth whitened all within an hour and a half.
<review# 1033,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/9/2011,11/30/2011,1117,225,17,25,22>It's a drive in, on the second story of a parking garage, in downtown LA, and it's amazingly fun!Prices are cheap, considering that parking is included. BYOB, actually, BYOAnything. You can either watch the movie from your car, or sit on the faux grass provided, right in front of the screen. Again, you can bring in any food or drinks you want, and there's also food provided by The Devil's Night Car Hops. We didn't order anything from them this time, maybe next time though.I CANNOT believe, that this place isn't super duper uber packed! I'm ecstatic that it isn't, actually.I hate to say this, but word of mouth will eventually kill this event.FYI, show up AS SOON AS THEY OPEN, if you want to watch from your car, especially if you have a pick up truck, that way, you can have a better spot for viewing!Can't wait to go again!
<review# 1034,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2011,11/29/2011,621,199,11,17,16>I cannot believe it took me so long to get to the new SugarFISH... I mean I guess I am spoiled having one literally 10 feet from my office door, so I had to wait for life to slow down a bit before I tried the new DTLA location. This last Friday, that break finally came and I was very pleased to head out to SugarFISH for dinner. This location is similar to the Brentwood location, similar friendly vibe, similar slick and somewhat industrial decor, and a more than similar quality of food and menu. Just like their other locations, the sushi is AWESOME. Fresh, delicious and resonably priced We had The Nozawa for dinner, which comes with Edamame, Ahi sashimi in ponzu, 12 pieces of Nigiri, and two hand rolls. All of that, for around $40. At any half decent sushi joint this would cost you at least $60 if you ordered it all seperately, and the quality of your fish somewhere else might not be as good. It literally is the perfect amount of food, I leave full and happy, but it is just at that point where I tell myself, I should probably stop eating. The service here is top notch, the food never takes too long to get to you, and they are always ready to answer your questions. I also love that gratuity is added onto your bill already, it makes things easy and to be honest, for alot of us 20-25% tippers, this is even a break! Long story short, the folks at SugarFISH have come up with one hell of a winning formula. High quality fish + Great service + Reasonable price = A great dining experience. The various locations are in fact, very similar... but why reinvent the wheel? Why would you fix what isn't broken? I am just happy that I now have another place in another part of town where I can get the same dining experience... where I know what I am getting is going to be delicious. So if you are heading to Staples Center or well just about anything downtown, you should probably stop as SugarFISH for dinner, you really cannot go wrong.
<review# 1035,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2011,11/27/2011,456,372,29,28,31>A Tale of Two . . . Japanese Restaurants: Part 2Thank you for being a restaurant trueMy wifey loves you, I love you tooYou do something that few other restaurants doInside the kitchenCook's JapaneseThe tabemonoIs made to pleaseNo phony sauces and no shortcuts do you teaseThe sukiyaki, the sukiyakiIs not filled with processed sugar from the shelfThe subtle flavors, the farm-fresh veggiesI couldn't make the Japan food better myselfMy stomach's churning 'cuz I'm yearning5-star earning, I'm so returningEating JapaneseI know I'm eating Japanese Food you can count on!Eating Japanese I know I'm eating JapaneseAt Otomisan!Eating JapaneseI know I'm eating Japanese Food you can count on!Eating Japanese I know I'm eating JapaneseAt OtomisanThe tempura great, the tempura greatThe veggies crunchy and the batter is so lightOnly three tables, and only five stoolsHow do you stay in business when you're stuck in Boyle Heights?So niseis are loyal, sanseis you spoilSo hard you toil, we feel so royalEating JapaneseI know I'm eating Japanese Food you can count on!Eating Japanese I know I'm eating JapaneseAt Otomisan!Eating JapaneseI know I'm eating Japanese Food you can count on!Eating Japanese I know I'm eating JapaneseAt Otomisan
<review# 1036,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2011,11/26/2011,750,550,60,67,65>This place screams PERFECT DATE NIGHT!Take a date, see a play, have dinner, drinks, and I'd call it a sure thing.Or maybe that's just me.....Hmmm....It's an amazing, breathtaking space.  The stage transforms in miraculous ways.  The songs, the dancing, the dramatics.  Every seat in the house is a good seat, the view is amazing!The courtyard outside is like out of a movie, I can just imagine waiting nervously for someone special near the fountain, for the show to begin.  The staff were helpful and festive in their masks (themed for the show?).  Set the stage for a perfect date, twinkle lights and all.
<review# 1037,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/17/2011,11/25/2011,2719,2132,41,50,42>I remember reading Jay B's review on this place.  I also remember sending him a compliment that says: 4 stars KBBQ in Pasadena?  Really?REALLY!!I am such a lucky girl to have sweet and pretty girlfriends.  Two of my prettiest girlfriends took me and yelper Marilou C here for our birthday celebration.  We figured Pasadena would be the best location for all of us since we're all coming from different directions.  Marilou C wanted KBBQ and one of my girls recommended this place.I expected to park on the street or at some public parking lot in Pasadena.  Gaon had its own private parking lot right behind the restaurant.  The place wasn't crowded when we got there as we were seated right away.The price was not cheap.  Premium AYCE KBBQ starting @ $24.99 but it was easier to swallow since it was in Pasadena, better quality meats, amazing service, great exhaust system and I didn't pay a dime =)This place had almost no competition in Pasadena for AYCE KBBQ.  The servers constantly asked us if we needed more meats and made sure we were comfortable.  A sweet lady checked on us and even gave us her recommendation.  She told us that her favorite was Kobe beef belly and she ate that everyday.   The lady was right, Kobe beef belly was delicious and melted in my mouth.  We ordered chicken, beef, brisket, tongue, short ribs just to name a few.  My favorites were tongue, beef brisket, Kobe pork belly and short ribs.  I like how the meats were very thinly sliced.  Banchans were generous and great too and I couldn't stop eating its pancake.  Rice drink @ the end of our meal was refreshing .  Happy tummy = happy Maggie C.We walked out satisfied, full and didn't smell like we needed to shower right away.  The only weird thing about this place was the bathroom.  It was clean...but what's up with the mirror on top of the sink?  It was so high that I could see my hair ONLY if I jumped.  4 stars!!  I am a fan and I will be back!!Gaon Korean BBQ is yummylicious!!!
<review# 1038,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/20/2011,11/24/2011,1734,2006,28,22,21>Are you a fat slob who is always told by people that you need to drop the xbox controller and get out of the house before your pale skin becomes translucent? Well then do I have a lazy ass excuse for a nature hike that will take you to far off lands only seen in the world of warcraft. Only with far less pixilization going on. Even a freaking waterfall. By the way, you should disregard the advice that the wise TLC told you and you should go chasing them waterfalls. Especially since it's not very far of a walk to find it. Yes, this hike is the best nature bang for your foot stepping dollar. You don't have to travel far before you start feeling like you're 100 miles away from everything and you see strange shit you didn't expect to find this close to Pasadena. Take your swimming trunks. Yeah, you probably shouldn't do that if your skin can blind people. I would hate to see someone burn into flames on the reflection of your pale legs. But if you were to bring some, you could jump into fucking water after you've huffed and puffed all 30 feet to finding the water from the start. It's really an easy hike and one that has a huge payout for your lack of outdoor world experience. What else can I say to sell you on this one other than it'll make you feel like those 20 hours spent on Farmville hasn't left your joints completely useless. A great hike. Simple as that.
<review# 1039,isUSA=TRUE,3.0,4/17/2011,11/23/2011,676,626,17,21,16>It's always a positive to hold the title of "first"-anything. First kiss, first apartment, first husband. Okay kidding, on that last one. When I heard that Chiba was the "first sushi restaurant in the Valley", I figured I need to try it out and test their sushi adequacy. The locale is a bit deterring. Chiba is located within a strip plaza, next door to an Armenian-owned tattoo parlor where the young Armenian men were outside smoking cigarettes in their Ed Hardy shirts. Although this made me scoff and second-hand guess my decision to eat at Chiba; I still entered into a casual, divey-looking sushi restaurant with two sushi bars and several tables. Immediately upon being seated, a waitress arrived with the sushi menus and to ask for our drink order. This was the beginning of rather efficient service. Our waitress was always back to check if we needed anything else and our plates were always cleared within seconds of devouring the lovely fish. First to go into my tummy was some Miso Soup and Plum Wine. The soup was absolutely delicious. The best Miso Soup has the smoked flavor which gives it almost a thicker base. It was perfectly smoked and not too hot or cold. The Plum Wine was also terrific and not as overly sweet as some other Plum Wines I've experienced. Then came the time for excitement. I adore sushi and still get excited everytime I eat it. Some of the ordered delectables were Yellowtail, Fresh Water Eel, Albacore, Rainbow Roll #2 (smoked salmon instead of fresh), and a Baked Scallop Hand Roll. The immediate happiness factor arises with the size of the sushi. Large and in charge! Chiba does not skimp on the fish! Plus, it is very fresh and soft in texture. The Yellowtail wasn't anything fancy but the Albacore was exceptionally delicious and smooth. As for the eel, it tasted a bit too muddy and mushy in comparison to other eel sushi pieces I've had. Call me weird, but I don't want my fish tasting like I just swallowed some muddy water in New Orleans. The Rainbow Roll was also very scrumptious. Beautifully presented and with the perfect combination of fish. The best was certainly the Baked Scallop Handroll. Several medium-sized pieces of baked scallops swam in a sea of spicy mayo. Warm and filling, it was enough for two people. It was a bit watery (the warmth of the scallops melted the mayo) but worth the goo trying to run down your arm. While I was there, the electricity went out briefly (only about 1 minute or less) and neither the patrons nor the employees were frazzled. One customer did yell "Free Sushi!" but this resulted in a laugh versus a riot. Overall, Chiba presents rather fresh and large pieces of sushi but their prices are also a bit high. At $6 average for two pieces of sushi, I have experienced far better fish in a nicer environment, even in the Valley. Worth trying but not necessarily to make it your regular sushi joint.
<review# 1040,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2011,11/22/2011,1422,462,15,15,18>I LOVE BLO!I was a tad worried when I made my appointments at Blo, because of all the not so pleasant reviews from Yelpers. After reading some reviews, I noticed that the positive reviews were mainly about Jacqueline. Even though you can't make appointments with a specific person, you can find out when they are working and request them. Of course, this request is not guaranteed so don't throw a fit if you don't get the person you want. Appointments are easy to make (call or book it online) and for $35, you choose from a book with several different hairstyles (blomedry.com/services/st…). Compared to several other blow dry bars in the area, Blo offers more styles at the $35 set price. If there's another style you like, you can bring in a picture and they can still replicate it for you (price may be different). They also offer blow dry parties and have a great bridal and bridesmaid package. Jacqueline did my hair for two occasions and my hair turned out perfect. Not only was she sweet and great to talk to, but she worked her magic on my hair. She listened to exactly what I wanted and gave me the perfect, bouncy curls with a lot of volume. I plan on coming back anytime I have a special occasion or if I need a little pick me up and just want fabulous hair.
<review# 1041,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2011,11/21/2011,414,207,44,35,34>When I was growing up, the mention of Hollywood & Sunset Blvds would always conjure up the dirtiest of little secrets, streetwalkers, and drugged out paraphernalia.  I realize these are old stereotypes that have been burnt into my mind from the likes seen in the movies:  Foxes, Requiem for a Dream, American Gigolo, True Romance, and yes even Pretty Woman.  I know that things have been cleaned up a lot in Hollywood, but what can I say; Roscoe's just brings out the dirty filth in us all, especially at Sunset and Gower! So to start with, I didn't realize how big it was...Well Greg T and Anthony N, I know you're going to hate this review, but...  DAYUM!  This place still serves the best crisp succulent breasts and thighs around.  It even beats out Jolanda standing down on the corner!So take heed the steps to being completely satisfied at Roscoe's:-  Be sure to clean and wipe those hands and fingers as "finger lickin'    good" brings on a whole new meaning in Hollywood-  When you can't stand it no more, and you're about ready to pop your    top, quickly pull off that plastic cap on that bottle rocket-  And shake that red hot cock* sauce all over Carol C's or     Country Girl's luscious golden brown breasts-  Hold your head down as your entire focus needs to be at waist-level    and begin the lickin', suckin', and chomp fest-  Take that moist golden brown waffle and pour that sticky hot goo      in all those little holes and crevasses-  And, lastly if it takes more than 10 minutes, just thank God      because most wouldn't last 5 minutesHeck now, if you people have something other than Chicken & Waffles on your mind - get your head outta the gutter!  *puff puff*  ;PBut while we're on the subject, If the Adult Entertainment Industry needs a writer, I could be persuaded...  Who am I kidding?!  A writer in pr0n?  Ha!  A non-existent job indeed!So Roscoe's you've done it again!  You really give people the bird, and still serve up stuff that gets me all hot and bothered.  by the way, if you haven't had their Chicken Chili yet, you're really missing out - can you say mushy mushy?Ps.  * = rooster
<review# 1042,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2011,11/20/2011,434,341,21,23,17>Until last Thursday, I was a foot massage virgin. Now I think I have a foot fetish... or um... at least a fetish with people rubbing my feet.I have, um.... athletic feet (NOT to be confused with athlete's foot!!!).  Meaning, rough and hard edges EVERYWHERE from years of dancing barefoot (hula dancers are hardcore!) and years of wearing shoes that f*cked up my feet just to "fit in" in the fashion industry. Arches that never relax. Toenails that could probably cut construction paper... ok maybe that's a little too graphic. Basically, I feel bad for anyone who has to work on my feet, including people who give me pedicures.That said, I was definitely anxious about having a perfect stranger massage my feet. FOR AN HOUR.   Well, after the hour, I wanted another one. And another one. And... ah sh*t I'll just schedule another appointment.The massage was, simply, nothing short of AMAZING. I am basically 5'3" of muscle knots and tension up the yin yang, and usually don't take massages well at all.  But my lovely masseuse worked my feet, legs and even parts of my neck and head until I was like dough in her hands. I was expecting this to hurt like f*ck like my previous massage experiences. But this was actually so relaxing, and just the right amount of pressure, that I fell asleep and just let my masseuse work her magic.The ambience at Bao makes it impossible for you NOT to relax. Everything is so peaceful, serene and yes... smells INCREDIBLE. It's like inhaling sedatives once you walk through that door... in a good way of course.  The chairs are soooo comfortable, and the lighting is just right. Hell, even the temperature of the water where I was soaking my feet was just right.The staff at Bao is also just right. Very professional, but not stiff, and friendly, but not overbearing.  The only *very minor* issue some people may have is that most of the actual masseuses English isn't that great, but the receptionist up front does speak English. And since I happen to speak Chinese, communication wasn't at all an issue for me.  Just don't get flustered if you need to repeat something more than once...or have to ask them to repeat something more than once.  But man, if verbal communication is an issue, the non-verbal communication definitely isn't...the staff was so kind as to even let my friend Brenda and I stay and chat over some wonderful honey'd tea that Bao provided.Oooh I haven't even gotten to the best part... my entire WONDERFUL experience was......wait for it...$30.Yes, 3-0. Thirty.  As in, less than my usual payout for a mani-pedi.FOR AN HOUR MASSAGE. (I know...bargains in Beverly Hills... who'd have thunk it possible?)And I feel beyond rejuvenated.  Worth the hassles of street parking. I can't wait to go back. Calling Bao NOW...
<review# 1043,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2011,11/19/2011,1135,618,27,31,30>I needed a hearty breakfast to kick off what would be a very long day. It was going to be a doozy! Here's now my Thursday played out:1. Have breakfast at Larchmont Bungalow: WIN2. Go to The Grove LA: WIN3. Take photo with Victoria's Secret Angels Candice Swanepoel & Adriana Lima: EPIC FAIL! :-(4. Run 5K in SaMo: WIN5. Cheer myself up from bad 5K run with Harajuku Crepe: EPIC WIN!6. Buy Chocolate Cake for coworker's bday at La Provence Patisserie: WIN7. Go to Urth Caffe to finish my long day: WINLarchmont Bungalow, you put a spring in my step! I was so hungry I had to order the Bowl of Steel Cut Oatmeal and The Country Lifestyle Breakfast! You must know that you do not sit and wait for someone to take your order. You must order at the counter.  You will be issued a number to be displayed at the table where you choose to be seated.Bowl of Steel Cut Oatmeal: 5/5Whenever I hear a breakfast place serves steel cut oats, I must order them! This version was truly unique and had a distinguished sweetness due in part mostly to a few non-traditional fruit ingredients. Here's what you'll find in the Steel Cut Oatmeal: Flax Seed, Dried Açai Berries, Fresh Blueberries, Grilled Mango, Dried Cranberries and Chopped Macadamia Nuts. If you order a bowl, you'll certainly be full from this alone as it is a large serving!The Country Lifestyle: 4.25/5This is nicer take on your standard sausage, bacon, eggs, hotcake breakfast. To begin, you are served a gourmet Chicken Apple Sausage. Then, gnaw through the hearty bacon strips. Next, it's just too painful to thrust your knife and fork into the 3 perfectly cooked over-easy eggs! Polish it all off by spreading butter and maple syrup over the super fluffy 2 stack signature pancakes (or choose french toast). I suppose I could have given this 5/5, but I managed to find 2 chicken bone fragments in my sausage!Large French Press of Medium Roast Coffee: 4/5How can I forget you, wonder elixir! This was a fairly strong brew of medium roast coffee! A large pot will only serve two coffee cups. I drank it black because I had to put it through my test. It was not all that bitter and was good enough for me to do so.Parking can be a nuisance and is metered.I heart Larchmont Bungalow soooo much that I recommended it to my sister-in-law on Sunday. She went and loved the decor, people watching, and most important, the food!
<review# 1044,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/23/2011,11/18/2011,2234,455,34,41,37>I wouldn't call myself a sushi snob.All I know is that is I hate rolls fried and drenched in sauce. My up-to-par standards start with a nice slab of soft, hefty, buttery bite of fish. Is that too much to ask for? :O)By the quality of the fish, I could tell I could easily rack Sushi Gen up to 5+ stars if I tried their omakase (next time!).I ordered their sashimi deluxe and everything was soft, fresh, and delicious. yelp.com/biz_photos/YBmk…I thought, "no way I could get full off this" sharing with a couple girls, but we were pretty darn full with a side of CA rolls (not my decision, don't judge me!), cucumber, spicy tuna, and salmon skin rolls.And the rolls were nowhere near drenched in sauce, while they were pretty simple, plentiful, and kinda cute!yelp.com/biz_photos/YBmk…;yelp.com/biz_photos/YBmk…I devoured my order of uni + quail egg sushi in 2 seconds. It was damn delicious. Although I love runny yolk, I'd hate to see that it costed the ratio of uni to be smaller (as expected). Will order a tub of uni by itself, next time!I definitely recommend this place, but had to knock down the star because the wait was ridiculous, which usually indicates the restaurant is popular and great.HOWEVER, the host was really rude. We were told that we were "2nd" after the next party, but failed to mention we were the 2nd of the list for "table for 4." He impatiently asked us to wait outside as we saw 10 more parties filter in.And icing on the cake, he practically bulldozed my girlfriend over without an apology.   - Perhaps it was a bad day for him..If you don't mind waiting (a long time) for good sushi. Go to Sushi Gen!
<review# 1045,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2011,11/17/2011,1068,387,51,50,51>The Beverly Hills Farmers Market is tiny compared to other choices in Santa Monica, Hollywood, or even Loz Feliz and Studio City, but it's big on awesome."Awesome" being a noun in this case, because the BHFM is a person, place, thing, AND idea, a member of the community transforming sleepy Civic Center Drive into a bustling Voltron of activity every Sunday from nine to one, and if you go the distance, you'll definitely have fun.Parking is plentiful, both with meters on the street and also in the library car tower (the meters are free on Sunday, and the library structure is always complimentary), so if you're visiting from another city and driving in, you'll have no trouble. BHFM is better for locals or for people who want to get drunk fast because it's just not extensive enough in offerings to justify a long drive if you're coming from far away -- as in, you'll find few if any stalls offering crappy crafts and CDs, very bad Van Gogh reproductions, pony rides, or bootleg DVDs.-- it's not a swap meet (like some farmers markets have become)! I guess it's not a bar, either, so yeah... if you want to get drunk fast, hit the local dive, baby.What BHFM does offer are a few specific things for people who know what they want. There are only a few stalls, but what stalls exist will blow your mind, hottie.- fresh flowers (at least three stalls)- produce! (at least six different stalls -- haggle, honey!)- nuts by the pound (shut up!)- private label Mediterranean olive oils and spices (kiiinnky)- taco/burrito stand (suck it down, lovely)- one of those BBQ chicken grill stalls (smoke in your eyes, ftw, sh'yeauh!)- kettle corn (of course) - fresh flowers (my reason for coming here every Sunday) This farmers market is four hours of pure *WIN*. I love it. I love it so much I want to marry it.I'd probably cheat on BHFM once in a while by humping the one in Santa Monica or Loz Feliz, but then again, I'm a whore, so...Yeah.Cash only (leave it on the nightstand)
<review# 1046,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/22/2011,11/16/2011,1478,239,18,23,21>I LOVED Xiomara!  I was actually surprised to how good it was because I never heard anyone talk about it.  I would pass by it all the time but never thought twice about it.  I'm so lucky that Project by Project, Los Angeles' president had the hugest hookup here and gave our whole team a 5 course experience for only $20.  That's the PbP hookup!  Atmosphere:Very cozy with 2 levels.  It had a Euro-esque feel to it.Service: The bartender was super nice and the waitresses were very attentive on a timely manner.Food:The thin bread sticks coated with baked on habanero flavored parmesean. - I LOVED THIS!  I ate the whole jar full.  I couldn't help it!  When I first tried it the waiter said... it's spicy watch out.  My response: spicy for white people or for Asians?  I tried it and was like... wowww... ok spicy for Asians haha.Duck salad with mache duck prosciutto and fresh ricotta cheese - WOW.  Never had duck proscuitto before and it was the perfect amount of saltiness for the salad.  Lobster with biscuit and shellfish gravy and fried kale - Seriously the dishes keep getting better!  This was ALL flavor!  Pieces of the fried kale escalated this plate from delicious to OMG THAT WAS FUCKEN GOOD status.  Seared pork chop and pork belly with crispy spetzel, brussel sprouts, garlic and eggplant - MMmmmm and keeps continuing.  The pork belly was soft and had a slight crisp.  This was definitely very delicious too.Seared NY strip steak with fingerling potatoes and veggies - I have to admit I thought this one was ok.  The previous dishes were exploding in flavor and this one was much more mild.  This had to be my least favorite.Apple tart with burnt milk ice cream - This was just ok.  Just a tart with ice cream.Off the 5 course menu: the melt in your mouth short ribs - another WOW.  Holy sh*t it was like buttah!  Very flavory and uhhhmaazinggg.  THIS is a must when you dine here.  Rice pudding dessert: dude... SO good!  It had sugar crystals in it and that totally elevated the taste.  I was very impressed by this.Overall Xiomara is one delicious ass restaurant.  Like REALLY delicious.  It is hard to impress me at a fine dining restaurant because I feel that it's not worth the money but Xiomara definitely hit the spot.
<review# 1047,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/8/2011,11/15/2011,337,367,41,21,20>Maddy's been a bad girl.  I've also been a bad doggie daddy.  Sometimes she can't help it and sometimes I don't walk her as often as I should.  It doesn't help that the tenant before me had a lab-mix puppy that used the apartment as an outhouse; she wants to mark where that mongrel went.  So Maddy has "accidents" in the apartment from time to time.  You have to love an animal a whole lot to follow it around and pick up its crap.In comes CityWide Carpet Cleaning... at 8:30 in the morning.  My window was from 8:00 am to 10:00 am.  They woke me up with a phone call and a knock on the door after an epic night of drinking and carrying on until 3:00 am.  They were friendly and nice, but they better be if I'm being woken up while still half drunk.They came in with a machine that looked like a junked out droid from Star Wars.  I hope they had a restraining bolt on him.  Within 45 minutes, they had moved the furniture around and cleaned the carpets of my one bedroom apartment for $125.Here's some tips for when you get your carpet cleaned:1.  Hide your porn2.  Pick up your dirty underwear3.  Don't make the early appointment if you're going to be out partying the night before
<review# 1048,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/30/2011,11/14/2011,939,270,14,22,24>There are many films set in Los Angeles, but the film 500 Days of Summer (2009) does more for Los Angeles by treating it like a character.  The film does this by showcasing familiar and historical places in Downtown Los Angeles.  The character, Tom (played by Joseph Gordon Levitt), is an aspiring architect and through him you are able to meet this fascinating city.  At Angel Knoll there is a park bench, now distinguished with a plaque for the film, is Tom's favorite spot because you have a great view of the city and it is a very significant location in the movie.  When I saw the film for the first time, I was ecstatic because that was the same bench I often sat and read and it had been my favorite spot, too.   I'll name a few things you'll note while sitting on the bench.  Angel Flight, the landmark funicular railway that takes you from Hill Street to the California Plaza, is to your left.  Two skyscrapers, One California Plaza (completed 1985) and Two California Plaza (completed 1992), are behind you.  I like hanging out by the California Plazas because of the fountain and they have performances there at times.  Grand Central Market is in front of you to your left and that's been around since 1917.  The Continental Building, on Spring and 4th, is visible and also mentioned by name in 500 Days of Summer and it is Los Angeles' first skyscraper, standing only 13 stories, built in 1904.  Angel Knoll isn't a big park.  It's between Olive and Hill and 3rd and 4th.  The closest Metro is Pershing Square (which has three entrances).  Angel Knoll is on a hill with grass and trees and benches.  You can see people taking naps.  You'll also see people having picnics.  It's actually pretty safe.  They have Wi-Fi.  They're open during certain hours since it is a public park.  Because of 500 Days of Summer, Tom's bench is often busy with people taking pictures or sitting on the bench in appreciation of the film or because it is a bench after all.  It's a great place for pictures because of the view.  The first time I visited the park, a family came into the park to give out sandwiches and iced tea and that was pleasant.  In 500 Days of Summer, Tom says to Summer, "There's a lot of beautiful stuff here too though. I don't know. I just...wish people would notice it more."  This quote resonated with me a lot because I used to not like LA a lot.  What I don't like about LA is traffic and there's a lot of rude people out there it is a mess at times--"It's not fog, it's smog."  When you really take the time to get to know LA more, you'll find that it is actually a pretty cool place because it's so diverse and so rich in history.  There are a lot of buildings to check out for its historical value or maybe they're just cool.  There's always something going on and there's plenty to do if you're willing to go out and try something new.  There are festivals, art shows, concerts, movies, and plenty of places to dine.  Angel Knoll reflects that feeling I have with LA because it's a calm park with on a hill in the middle of the urban madness of LA.
<review# 1049,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/3/2011,11/13/2011,2495,2210,15,22,18>I've lived long enough that I thought I knew the limits of carne asada.  Since trying Mexicali Taco, I've had to adjust that upper bound by several hundred degrees of awesome.Mexicali is run by two Mexican guys named Javier and Esdras.  They know their way around a taco, and they go to great lengths to source good tortillas and high-grade meat.  They're also pleasant people, and I'm happy that they seem to be doing well.  For the whole origin story, check out this wonderful post by my friend Daniel D.: effingdericious.wordpres….  It's pretty cool.You can find Mexicali in a parking lot at 1st and Beaudry, with a great view of central downtown.  The set-up is simple, with a big old grill and a couple tables where you can dress your tacos.  The whole operation is run out of a truck.  Food comes on colorful plates wrapped in plastic - easy clean up for you and the boys.So let's talk about that food.  If you get one thing and one thing only, make it a carne asada taco.  In fact, if you get two things and two things only, make them two carne asada tacos.  There's a reason Mexicali was voted the best taco purveyor in L.A., and it's got to be this insanely delicious taco.  The meat is grilled and chopped up on a stump before your eyes, and it is quality stuff.  It's tender and each chew releases a burst of juicy beefy goodness.  The flavor is not unlike that of Korean barbecue, with a great grilled char and a pleasant peppery edge.  You get a choice of flour or corn tortilla, and there's no wrong decision - the Mexicali guys go to great pains to find good tortillas.  They're different from your standard pliant restaurant variety, with a texture that's light and halfway to crispy.  Once you have your tacos in hand, you get to top them.  Salsas are presented in giant mortars, and pickled red onions and radishes in big jars.  I like to top mine with some fresh pico and tart red onions, and add some of the lovely avocado salsa.  There's also a bright habanero sauce that will give you a nice kick without kicking you in the pants.The carne asada isn't the only thing worth eating, though.  The menu is short, and everything on it seems to be delicious.  Other than the carne, Mexicali offers chorizo and chicken, and both are great.  The chorizo is nicely spiced with a great loose sausage texture, and the chicken delivers a satisfying charred flavor without any missing moisture.  If you care to branch away from tacos, I would first recommend the cachetada.  It's similar to a tostada, with a corn tortilla grilled nice and crispy topped with your choice of meat, plenty of cheese, and chipotle aioli.  The tortilla bed yields an irresistible crunch, and while the toppings should be heavy, they go down nice and easy, all that meat, cheese, and sauce down the hatch.  The vampiros are also very popular, but they're at the bottom of my list of Mexicali treats.  These are essentially quesadillas infused with garlic and loaded with the meat of your choice.  Tasty for sure, but I wouldn't recommend it if you've already had dinner.  Finally, if you're lucky, you'll visit when they have sanchos on the menu.  These are jalapeños stuffed with cheese and wrapped in bacon.  They're even better than they sound, perfectly balanced little flavor bombs, a practice in blissful excess.My only complaint about Mexicali is that it only opens from 8 to midnight Wednesdays through Saturdays.  All that really says is that I love the food so much I wish I could eat it more often.  The carne asada is so delicious that even complaints come out back-handed.  There's a Chuck Norris joke in there somewhere, but I think when it comes to tacos, Mexicali has even that man covered.
<review# 1050,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/15/2011,11/12/2011,1571,914,13,15,14>After literally a year of trying to come here, I finally had a free 2nd Thursday of the month without work or an exam to study for, or an event for school! YAY!! I MADE IT!! Like Minah L. said in her review, the whole thing is VERY HECTIC!! It gets crazy crowded, people moving in herds at snail speed up and down Spring Street. It's pretty difficult to get anywhere quickly. Parking can also be really hard to find. I came a little early and parked in a lot on Main for $10 for the whole day. Try not to park on Spring St. because that's where the art walk mainly is, and it will be hell by the time you're trying to leave and drive out because there will be so much traffic!However, I still enjoyed the whole experience! I love walking through galleries and looking at art and jewelry! LOVE it! I bought two really cute thin gold rings made from shaped wire from Double Hearts--one in the shape of a treble clef, and one in the shape of the word, "love". I was extremely happy with that purchase!  If only it weren't as crowded and so loud because of the SUPER loud music and live bands in some of the galleries, the art walk would be a little more ideal. I had a hard time hearing some of the artists trying to explain their work to me although I was less than a foot away from them. Another plus is all the food trucks! They're usually all packed together in a big parking lot or two which makes it very convenient! The only downside is the lines are very long for the popular trucks and you might have to do a lot of waiting for your food. But don't come here just for the food! It's not a truck walk! It's an ART walk, people! Support the local artists! :)
<review# 1051,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2011,11/11/2011,781,329,65,30,38>*List*1.  Dump Loser *check*2.  Bitch to friends about said loser. *check*3.  Feel a lil pathetic.  *check*4.  Drink way too much gin and stumble home. *check*5.  Wake up hungover as f*ck, hoping for death.  *check*6.  Grab the biggest, darkest sunglasses you have and walk to GCM.     *check*7.  Order chicken noodle soup and a torta.  *check*8.  Pick up more Gin. *check*9.  Rejuvenate and sleep.  *check*10.  Start allover *check*
<review# 1052,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2011,11/10/2011,605,586,16,19,15>After receiving a couple dishes, my friend expressed that dining for tapas at the Bazaar was like having "fancy dim sum".  I think that's an interesting way of looking at it.  We came for dine LA week and we split 15 dishes between us.  There were so many dishes, that it's hard to remember the details of every dish.  A group of four is perfect because these dishes can be split pretty evenly with that number.When you split tapas four ways, you dont get a lot of food, but that's not the point.  What was special about this place was that every dish was a conversation piece.  Definitely do come here with friends that you care to carry a conversation with.  It was a lot of fun to look, to taste, and to reflect.   We didn't love every dish, but it was a unique experience and we had a fun night.The decor of the Bazaar is pretty awesome.  The dining hall and the patisserie are separated from each other.  When you are ready for dessert, they walk you over to a new table on the other side of the restaurant.  I like that.  When you walk across the restaurant, you can't help but notice the unique furnishings.  Dining here is a very dynamic experience.  When you come here with friends, you can't but help but talk about the cool decor, the great food, and the experience.    None of my friends expected to get mindblowingly full tonight.  We knew that if we wanted that, then we could have chosen to go to Fogo de Chau instead.  Our expectations were to have an interesting experience with some delicious food.  The Bazaar surely did not disappoint.Some items worth checking out:Japanese Taco.  Tastes like unagi wrapped in a cucumber wrapperPhilly Cheesesteak.  Surprisingly light and crispy.  Topped with a thin piece of rare meat.Liquid Nitrogen Caipirinha.  Rum based brazilian alcoholic drink flash frozen with liquid nitrogen.  Prepared tableside.  Strong drink.  Very cool.Papas Canarias.  Surprisingly flavorful fried potatoes served with green salsa-based sauce..  Jamon Serrano Fermin: Make sure you put it on top of the tomato bread.Not your typical Caprese:  Great ingredients, fresh tasting deconstructed salad.Dine LA week is definitely a great time to go.  I think that we would have spent a lot more on a different week.  Definitely come with a 3-4 people to enjoy this meal so that you can try many different dishes and so you can just enjoy the experience.  While my friends and I had a great experience, I do have to note that the desserts were pretty average.  Valet parking was $12.  The bathrooms were contemporary in design, but to the point that it was kind of weird and impractical.  I don't understand the purpose of flat sinks, and mirrors over tiny urinals.  I don't like watching myself pee, but maybe this is the trendy thing to do in Beverly Hills.   Unfortunately, if you have tiny urinals, then narcissistic Hollywood types get pee all over the floor.  Someone should have thought that through.  Anyway...We had interesting experiences at every corner of this place.  5 stars for that unique experience.
<review# 1053,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2011,11/8/2011,2022,408,14,20,19>My first impression was, "The long lines tell all."Desserts in LA are amazing, even with the ridiculous costs. However Diddy Riese stays true to a small dessert shop with ice cream and cookies at the prices they should be, that quickly found its way into the LA scene. Within the hustle and bustle of Westwood/UCLA area, you're gonna have to wait to get your ice cream sandwich. But I will assure you that it'll so be worth it once you get your sugar rush going on just for $1.50. Yummy choices of cookies galore and ice cream flavors to have you coming back until you try em' all. My favorite is getting the espresso chip, cookies and cream, and strawberry ice cream. Any my favorite cookies are the snickerdoodle (sugar and cinnamon), and white chocolate chip. You can mix and match all you want and it will never fail you. Definitely save room for dessert after dinner in Westwood or stop by for late night sweets.The lasting impression, "Sweets on the budget, on the go, anytime!"
<review# 1054,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2010,11/7/2011,430,241,10,20,16>Often times people ask me for good spots for various reason, whether its dinner, desserts or drinks. When I recommend bars around Los Angeles, I can list off a slew of favorites that range from dives to high class lounges. When I am asked about Valley spots I usually fall short. My list seem  a little shorter compared to downtown, Hollywood or the West side.Tonight my list has grown by one.My friends, who live locally, shared that Cozy (a blues bar) had closed down and the location has been revamped to a gastropub featuring drinks and food that would likely appeal to me. Already my defenses went up and my expectations rose. I remembered Cozy's as a dank dark bar that was far too small for housing an audience and a stage for a band to play. I had to go and see what it was all about with my mental notebook in hand to make notes of everything wrong.Thankfully, I was very pleased and surprised.I actually had a hard time identifying the place. I know where Cozy's used to be but Local Peasant has a very unassuming white front with no gaudy neon sign pointing the way. When I entered I was pleased to see they opened up the space to one main room and a separate room in the back. (Previously it was split up in three sections). Dimly lit with a room lined tiled in white. The space looks cleaner and sleeker than its predecessor. The environment is built for a larger group without being crowded like some gastropubs (*cough Laurel Tavern).I was pretty shocked when I found out that Local Peasant is the same owner operators of Happy Endings!!! This is a completely different vibe than that frathouse bar in Hollywood.I really needed to find something wrong with Local Peasant. I challenged my bar-maiden what drinks they offer and she offered up a variety of craft beers and wines, as well as some of their own cocktails. I wanted to see how they fared with a classic, so I ordered an Old Fashioned. The cocktail came out nicely. Enough so I went further to order, what I thought a curveball, a sidecar. Again my drink came out very nicely. Among my party of three the cocktails turned into a Manhattan, as well as a Gordon's Cup (which is cracked cucumber and tequila).I wasn't starving but I wanted something to munch on. I read through their menu to see what jumped out at me. My friends already started with Nuts & Bolts, which are salted, sweetened and spiced mixed nuts with a side of jicama logs. (Very interesting and tasty). Mac & Cheese jumped out at me and I wanted try their version with bacon and truffle oil. It was very good. It was crusted nicely with potato chips. I also ordered deviled eggs, which is strange because I hate deviled eggs. They were splendid in flavor. Very light and not heavy at all. The spiced bacon on top was killer. Of course, when I am enjoying the food and the time with friend I always go overboard. I continued ordering. I opted for their ceviche. No complaints on the ceviche apart from wishing the fish pieces were chopped a little larger. (It was too uniform with the jicama and mango). I still wouldn't complain and would order it again the next time.I share all this to show how quickly my two hours flew by. I only left early because I had another appointment. I likely would stayed much longer enjoying the Laker game on tv or chit chatting with Gillian and my friends.In all honesty, the drinks and food at Local Peasant may not win any awards. However, I do not think they aspire to. Its very tasteful food that is approachable and accessible. Its good bar food for a good time. Likewise, the Local Peasant might not ever show up on a MustGoTo spots in a Los Angeles magazine. Again, I do not think they aspire to. You won't see a red carpet or big spotlight filling up the sky. No. Local Peasant is very much a local spot that welcomes the local area as its name implies. Its definitely a great spot for grub or drinks if you are in the area. The Local Peasant is a welcome addition to Ventura Blvd. I plan to make it a regular watering spot for myself.Big thumbs up for Local Peasant.
<review# 1055,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2010,11/6/2011,245,159,22,19,21>Once upon a time....Anthony and I were a bit intoxicated.We strolled down Figueroa Street and stumbled across a hot dog sizzling stand and poked fun at Jake Stevens for buying one. As we raved about heading to eat tacos, we poked more fun at him.2 minutes later... Anthony and I bought two dogs. Oh but it doesn't stop there...As we walked down wobbly and even more hungry. The decision to drive towards a taco stand was a much better option for both of us. Alas another 2 minutes later we turned at Estrella Tacos!DANNNNNNNNG! Is it a Taco Club up in here or what? We saw cheetah girls, rockabiliies, cholos,  punk rockers, .. it was almost like  a 2010 Woodstock without the music.  But this is about the food! The 24 hour you could kill for a taco past the 12 AM mark after being out with friends.Cheap and good. Hot and savory.  4 of my favorite parts of speech when it involves food.We ordered a cheese quesadilla, 2 carne asada burritos (which later we realized we should've ordered 1) and 1 coke can.  Anthony couldnt get his hands off the quesadilla and I don't blame him. It was so good... and so melty. The sour cream and tomato sliced toppings made it even better.The burritos were H U G E. I'm talking about pee wee football sized. Added a bit of lemon and ohhhhhhh yes, TOUCHDOWN!  Halfway through the gigantor, I was stuffed.  The asada was good, not too much of each element ( I hate it when burritos come 97% rice and 3% of mixed ingredients). After our eating fiasco.  Anthony and I left our eatery field trip down Figueroa Memory Eat Lane.- The End
<review# 1056,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2011,11/4/2011,72,446,21,22,23>I'm on first, you're on second, and everyone in LA knows Joan's on Third.  Joan I will clarify that you're only on 3rd Street because you don't come in third place with your pastry prowess.  Joan, I must say that I know class when I see it and your place is classy.  It's no wonder you have a see-and-be-seen crowd on a regular basis because you know how to cater to the best and distinguish your business from the rest.After having a good lunch, my friend and I were looking for some good dessert as we walked down 3rd Street.  Without a doubt, Joan's on Third was the only business on 3rd Street with the largest crowd in and outside.  After making our way through the crowd, we encountered the pastry section.  Everything was nicely stacked and displayed, being visible through the glass shield for customers inside and visible to the diners and passersby from the outside.  These sweet treats can lure anyone in, just as the red velvet cake lured me in its direction.  Rarely, do I see red velvet cake with chocolate shavings on top.  The cake was good and pleasing to my palate.  For whatever reason, my friend opted for a glazed bran muffin, which was good as well.   We sat at a table outside to people watch and indulge ourselves with the desserts. The staff was fairly nice and certainly knows how to manage a large crowd.  I'll have to come back to Joan's to have lunch.  This place may seem pricey to some but it's a worthy experience, as you encounter different walks of life, good food, nice ambiance, and just get a gist of the usual LA dining experience.  Joan's on Third is on point and on top of my list for a return visit.
<review# 1057,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2011,11/3/2011,818,401,17,21,18>My list so far..salted caramelburnt caramelbrown sugar vanilla beandark chocolatelavender honeymint cocoalemon basilspiced strawberry "with olive oil, balsamic and sea salt"orange vanilla bean..and a "special" secret that I'm not to mention to be out soon.Waiting for the Guiness!!!one, two or three scoops...I've found one is the way to go, the ice cream is so smoothand yet filling. First time I did two I wanted a nap.For to-go, IC is the way as the sorbets have a short transportationlife to them.This is the beginning of a very good love list for me...!
<review# 1058,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/4/2011,11/1/2011,1388,397,44,30,30>Ever wonder what would happen if you took someone who lives in the jungles of a developing country; who has never had contact with the outside world; who has to forage and hunt for their own food, and dropped them down in the middle of a Las Vegas buffet? Well I know what would happen, because it happened to me this morning.When I arrived at Bally Total Fail this morning for my workout they had not opened yet. Yep, it was 9:30am and they were supposed to open at 8:00am. I was one of many gym members waiting like an angry mob for someone to arrive. Well, someone did arrive but it wasn't a Ballys employee, it was Melissa an employee from Equinox across the street who came to take us out of the third world and let us eat at a buffet. Melissa told us we could all go and work out at Equinox for free, no strings attached, instead of waiting out in the street for our gym to open. I immediately said yes...actually I said Hell yes. Vegas here I come!!!We got to the gym, filled out a waiver, and were indeed allowed to workout free of charge and free of any sales pitch. This was just a bit of genuine kindness offered by Melissa and the staff at Equinox. The gym is pristine...i think germs wouldn't even dare grow here because it just wouldn't be a cool thing to do. The equipment is awesome and it was all in operational condition. They even have a little refrigerator with eucalyptus scented cold towels. The staff were all very nice and very professional. Oh yes, to one who works out in the developing country that is Bally Total Fitness, this is the Las Vegas buffet of gyms.The entire experience was amazing. Thank you Melissa and everyone at Equinox for giving me a great workout experience and a huge case of gym envy. Now that I have dined at the Las Vegas buffet how can I go back to the jungle where I have to kill my own food? I am working out the math and I figure if I sell all of my worldly possessions along with my right kidney I will be able to join Equinox...for now I will just have to go back to the third world of Ballys and sharpen my spear.
<review# 1059,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/26/2010,10/31/2011,1463,415,45,49,42>Chunky strawberry + peach smoothiew/ perfectly chewy tapioca balls?I can drink this everyday :]It's a very small cute place w/ several tables/chairsand smokers everywhere! (booooo!!!!)I've tried couple of other things on their menu..but nothing tastes better than their strawberry peach smoothie. :]YUM. :]
<review# 1060,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/24/2010,10/30/2011,432,279,17,20,20>Awww shucks. I just adore this place. They really seem to care about the food and the prices are fantastic. I often get the garden burger and besides being a bit on the salty side, it's probably my favorite anywhere besides maybe Lucky Boy. I love how they fry the buns on the grill, and use that little weight to hold the patties down while frying. The fish burritos are full of lovely sour cream and cabbage. The fish tacos are the same. They use prebattered frozen fish I'm pretty sure but it's still okay because of the preparation. No matter what you order, the size is right, and it's tidy. The burgers are wrapped with love, the lettuce is tucked in neatly, it's wrapped in that cool yellow paper with perfect folds. There are many specials to choose from for less than 6 bucks and you WILL be full. Remember though, they don't do breakfast burritos, or anything breakfasty at all.TIP: Call ahead. They'll pick up the phone and you won't have to wait. That's the only drawback here. The wait time is forever. Oh, and Cash Only!If you do have to wait, you'll notice that everyone in the neighborhood seems to know the workers. I've witnessed many a friendly conversation going on there. It's like they'll know your dogs name etc. And you'll see everyone in the area there from the artists, doctors, and bourgeoisie that come down from the Mount Washington neighborhood to the hard working business owners, sweatshop workers, nannies, and, struggling artists that populate Highland park. You'll even see gang members eating here. It's a little love shack I tell you. They also sell smokes, lotto tickets, and phone cards (in case you're a bookie I guess).Go today, thank me tomorrow, you can bet on it.
<review# 1061,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/31/2011,10/28/2011,4339,292,41,43,43>*****100th Review*****It seems like it was just yesterday when I wrote my first review to complain about a horrid restaurant experience.  Several months later, 100 reviews, one ROTD, an Elite badge and I'm a complete Yelpaholic.  In honor of this yelp accomplishment I've decided to review the über sexy and sultry La Descarga!It doesn't look much from the outside because the area (Santa Monica Ave and Western Ave) kinda looks like TJ....rampant bootleg DVD sales on the curb, breads and corns being sold out of a shopping cart, and the smell of asada, cheap perfume/cologne, and garbage lingers in the air! La Descarga is nestled in between a taco shack (with al pastor visibly rotating in a spit for display on the window) and a closed auto body shop (I think).  I probably would've missed this place if the well dressed, tall, black guy with an earpiece and clipboard didn't stick out of the crowd (of Mexicans).  We gave him our names, he directed us up the stairs and our adventure began.  At the top of the steps is an empty, plain room with an attractive and saucily-dressed woman sitting behind a desk and a large closet to her left.  She greeted us with a smile, briefly told us about the club, opened the closet door, pushed the clothes aside and asked us to FOLLOW HER INTO THE CLOSET!!!  It was SO bizarre that I couldn't help blurt out "ARE YOU TAKING US TO NARNIA?".  As you step in, you're welcomed by the lively music, faint smell of fine cigars, strong liquors, and the sexiness of La Descarga!  Everything about this place is awesome.  Beautiful, friendly and skilled mixologists, unique and fancy cocktails, hip and swanky ambiance, and lovely decor!  They also have a nice cigar lounge in the back with its own separate bar.  For entertainment they have a show every hour - a live band playing some funky Latin beats and accompanied by a burlesque dancer swinging in the room and dancing on top of the bar.  Doesn't get any better than that! I'm thoroughly impress with this hidden gem and will definitely frequent this establishment!  Until next time La Descarga!
<review# 1062,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,10/26/2011,653,210,13,15,17>I love having my brunch/lunch at Mike & Anne's out on their outdoor patio, enjoying my lazy Sunday while sipping on some nice hot coffee.  This is my South Pasadena spot.  It's cozy and casual with a clean updated décor.  The food is better than average and the service is usually decent.  They have good, old-time favorites like the tuna melt as well as some new breakfast concoctions such as their Red Flannel which is a hash of red & sweet potatoes, beets, onions and bacon as well as their lemon ricotta pancakes. Their portions are a bit small but that's fine by me. You have to find street parking but I never had any troubles.  Besides, a little walk can be a good thing.
<review# 1063,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2011,10/25/2011,482,235,24,23,26>**SLUSH REVIEW**I only go here when I want to majorly treat myself to the best dessert one can have after eating Chinese food: Taiwanese slush. For those not familiar with Taiwanese slush, it's freakin' yum-town. For about $3, you get a giant bowl of finely shaved, fluffy ice, your choice of 3 toppings and a generous dollop of condensed milk. Toppings include boba, rice balls, fruit, red bean, corn, jelly, etc. Basically, a myriad of topping you'd never expect to get heaped on a mound of fluffy ice. The secret is in the balls. I know it seems ridiculous to laud just one thing, but it really is that good. I've had slush before where the rice balls were not cooked all the way through and take it from me, there's nothing worse than trying to chew through a delightfully squishy, then immediately hard, rice ball.What I love about Shau May is that they have some intense rice ball quality control. Every time I've ordered my usual (double rice balls & boba), the balls are always 100% squishy and fresh all the way through. One time, the balls were still warm! For my non-Asian bretheren, I know this sounds totally weird and possibly gross, but ask your Asian friends, this texture is magic to us!  When the ice and milk start melting into each other, that's when slush-nirvana happens. The textures might be totally unfamiliar to some, but give it a chance, it's not like you're eating monkey brains and eyeballs.
<review# 1064,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2011,10/24/2011,3695,1087,17,24,23>I came here for lunch with Julia L. for Administrative Appreciation Day. It was such a lovely day out, the sun was shining, and I wasn't sitting in an office! The dining hall was such an old, charming quality to it. There was so much history in the building, and I loved all the wood furniture. BEAUTIFUL LANDSCAPE, amazing striped bass, mouth watering dessert, and friendly service! The best part of the my meal was the complimentary cheese bread they gave us in the beginning of our meal. It is out of this world, and unlike any bread i've had anywhere else before.....and its FREEEE :)
<review# 1065,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2011,10/23/2011,139,1138,28,33,32>Oh Dios mío! Atlacatl mi amor, you are the end of my waistline as I knew it. I scored me a sweet new pad literally right across the street and what better place to celebrate than at a long time bookmarked place in my new city! First, the joint is CASH ONLY!!!! Cash Only!!! $$$~CASH ONLY~$$$We cheersed to my new digs with an Horchata and a what I like to now call a Bevida de crack aka Ensalada. The Horchata (new Horchata list inspired by Michelle T's idea for me to put one together) was cinnamony, light yet thickly  rich and nutty. It was OUTSTANDING! Bevida de crack  was inspired by Corey M's review as he flat out said there must be crack in this drink. I pretty much agree as once I was given the ok that no mangos are used in it (allergy) I was shooting it into my veins and sipping and scooping out every last bit of fruit out with my slurpeeEsque straw they provided me. I have been eating my fare share of pupusas these days and have become somewhat of a snob, and i can officially say these are the BEST damn pupusas I now have had. The bar has been set. Plump is the one word that comes to mind. They were so puffy and plump and when I cut into it cheese just oozed out. It was a beautiful sight to see. The curtido had to also be the best. Pickled to perfection and still crunchy.Don't even get me started on the Tamales De Elote Con Cremas. They had a steamed or fried option, we went fried of course and they were pretty much crispy corn cakes of heaven. I have never had them before and now want to have them again and again alongside all my pupusa meals to come. They are amazeballs and should always be ordered. The Pastelitos De Carne were crispy as ever and stuffed with potato, veggies and pork goodness. Seriously this was the best Salvadorian meal I have had yet!
<review# 1066,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,10/22/2011,530,387,23,22,21>I'm totally ramen-ed out!After coming here 3 times during a 7 day span and then once again last night, I guess it's about time for a review.  Each time I told someone I had been here, I ended up heading back here with them a few days after my previous visit.Visit 1 - Came in just before closing on a Thursday night, last to be seated as a party of four.  Ordered the fabled ramen.  Eh, didn't really do much for me.  Maybe the last batch of night was missing that "umph" to it.Visit 2 - After ranting about my "eh" experience I came back 3 days later.  I avoided the ramen and went with the shredded pork rice bowl.  I know it's just a rice bowl, but the chopped pork, with that teriyaki glaze was super tasty.  Solid option that's large enough for 2 meals.  Visit 3 - Came back for lunch with a co-worker, who had been eying Daikokuya for the longest time.  We went early, just after 11am to make sure we beat the lunch rush and that we did.  Seated immediately, I decided to give the ramen another chance.  And what can I say, but boo-yah!  Third time must be a charm.  The ramen hit the spot, about a thousand times better than my first endeavor.  I'll chalk up my first ramen venture as an off night.Visit 4 - After an hour plus wait to seat a group of six (the tables only seat fit four, but we squeezed 2 small stools in at the table end), my hunger grew to Godzilla-like proportions.  Eyes being bigger than my stomach, I decided to mix it up and do the ramen & teriyaki eel rice bowl combo, which only costs a few more dollars.  The eel was worth the extra cash to mix up the tastes.  There was no way I could finish both so I walked away with plenty of leftovers for lunch.So yeah, I'm totally ramen-ed out, but if you twist my arm just hard enough...
<review# 1067,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2011,10/21/2011,333,303,23,20,18>I'm convinced Nozawa made a deal with Poseidon. I would imagine it went something like this:"Give me your best and your brightest fish and I will serve it to people in such a way that they are serenely silenced into a respect for the wonders of the oceans.""Well I don't know, I have some reserva-""Trust me."This is the best sushi I've ever had. New York, Miami, LA, Japan, Europe - anywhere I've ever eaten sushi - does not compare. There's little you need to be warned about, except DBAA. (for all of you who watch Breaking Bad, you know what this means) For those that don't - "Don't. Be. An. Asshole." It's omakase style at the bar. You don't get to pick, you don't talk on your cell phone, you speak when spoken to. In fact, you don't even need to worry about bringing a vibrant lunch date, because they won't matter as soon as you put that first dish into your mouth. My lunch date and I exchanged maybe 30-60 WORDS in just under an hour. As the fish waltzed its way from Nozawa to us to our bellies, the only external communication was a smile that would vary in degree as each dish was consumed. When we were asked if we were "okay" - we politely said one more. Thank Poseidon we did. It was Black Cod. I've never had and enjoyed a more complex and beautiful piece of sushi.Just under $100 for two people. Worth every single penny. My only other advice is to stick with water during the meal and don't eat anything before you go. You don't want to taint your palate before you enjoy those delicious fish. Trust me.
<review# 1068,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,10/20/2011,311,215,14,17,15>I've taken a recent liking to their Beef Noodle Soup as of late. After several months of trying different versions at different restaurants, I must say that the Beef Noodle Soup here is the best tasting of them all. I really don't order anything else when I come here now.One bowl of Beef Noodle Soup "for here" and I'm good to go. Takes less than 5 minutes for your noodle soup to come out after you order. It's fast, convenient, cheap and good. What more could I say?Everything else is rather oily/greasy like your typical Chinese food. The drinks aren't that good here. I usually go right across the street to Little Bean if I want a drink after my meal. Their shaved ice dessert is okay, not impressive.The workers here are nice and friendly... in their own little way. Just smile. This 4 star review is solely based on their Beef Noodle Soup, which I am a fan of.
<review# 1069,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/24/2011,10/19/2011,114,90,81,33,33>NO, I DIDN'T JUST GET OUT OF PRISONAfter reading other reviews of "sweeping views" and "being treated to waterfalls", I came here with my picnic basket and painting supplies intent to fully embrace Mother Nature.Don't be incensed if you see my canvas and easel littering the side of the trail.  I could not have made it back alive carrying all that junk.  First, Angelenos, let's be honest about our looks.  Our backcountry is ugly compared to places like Kauai or the Appalachians.  No where along this semi-barren landscape was I inspired to paint or write poetry.  I did not feel like Ansel Adams.  I felt like a mujahideen toiling up the side of the mountain.Second, please don't write "challenging workout" as a side note at the bottom of your review.  How to be butt-f#@k'ed by a mountain is more accurate, and in fact, there should be sign at the entrance of this trail with a hiker bending over.  If and when you reach the top of Mount Wilson, the elevation gain is equivalent to walking up the Empire State Building...twice.  Like I said, you'll be walking funny for a week afterwards.  Sure, there are harder trails in So Cal, but I just want other city folks to be mentally and physically prepared.So, why do I return to this torturous trail?  There are no gym membership fees.  I prefer the smell of nature over sweat.  I'd rather hear songs from birds than Lady Gaga from someone's iPod.  Before the age of iPods or Yelp, a hiker once wrote an eloquent but blunt review after reaching the top of Mount Wilson:  "In the mountains of San Gabriel...Mother Nature is most ruggedly, thornily savage."   -John Muir 1877
<review# 1070,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2011,10/18/2011,2858,814,14,15,17>So my bf's workbuddies were trying to organize a potluck at work and I promised to stop by and partake in the grubbin. Okay so I'm not THAT selfish, I usually bring them treats too. I figured it was the opportune time to pick up some goodies from My Delight Cupcakery. I walked in and was wow'd at how clean and cute their shop was. Behind that damn glass sat numerous sweet, delectable cupcakes just waiting to be devoured. And I wanted to try them ALL.I walked away with two dozen minis: breakfast (bacon), banana split, dulce de leche, carrot cake and red velvet. I'm surprised I didn't start eating them on the drive.They were all excited at the sight of the cupcakes, and I kept silent hope that I would be able to at least try one of each.  I didn't, but in the end, it was all worth it to see them so ecstatic over teeny pastries. I did get to try the breakfast one, which was okay, The sweet/salty combo was definitely different for the palate. The red velvet, which I got a fork of was good, but nothing that blew me away.  I definitely preferred the dulce de leche. A-fucking-mazing. Hoping to come back next week for more!
<review# 1071,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/2/2011,10/17/2011,734,265,12,37,26>There are no words to describe the Two Michelin Stars dining experience here.  It is simply the most delicate sushi or omakase I've had if you are willing to pay $350 per head.  The current chef Hiro-san took over the space from the sushi guru Masa-san after he left for New York.  The restaurant is located in Beverly Hills on the second floor of Two Rodeo Drive shopping complex.  The only sign you'll see is when you go up the office like building, exiting the elevator.  The restaurant has only 10 seats and serves only 10 person for lunch or dinner. No walk-in.  Make sure you make reservations two to three weeks in advance and be prepared to sit there for 3-5 hours.  First you will know what you will eat that day.  All the materials and ingredients are put in a grand display case with a huge ice next to it.The omakase consists of more than 21 courses.  If you count each single sushi plate a course, it might be 31 courses!  The sashimi were very fresh, but I like the sashimi to be cooler than the temperature at Urazawa.  I think what is special here is the ingredients and Chef Hiro's usage of them into a single dish that makes each dish a unique one.  For example, the Chawanmushi has shark fin, caviar and abalone in it.  The signature shabu-shabu, prepared with foie gras and scallop was so delicious. The foie gras cooks just to the point of melting.Hiro-san uses different cuts of Toro, Kobe, and the best seafood from Japan. Perhaps, I was eating too many different toro dishes.  I like the shitake mushroom sushi the best.  The shitake fragrance leaves such a great taste that it's hard to forget.  I also like the silky rich sesame-seed tofu topped with luscious beluga caviar and 24-karat gold flakes. Hiro-san told me he had no fixed menu.  He constantly gauges what the patron likes or dislikes, and uses this information to choose the next dish to be served. The service is impeccable.  Hiro-san's sister and other waitresses were very attentive and really makes you feel like a VIP by pulling your chair out as you stand up and opens door for you as you exit.  His brother in law, a quiet and shy guy, is an assistant to him.  This is definitely once in a life time experience.
<review# 1072,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/6/2011,10/16/2011,411,92,25,25,26>Ask most LA chefs for their favorite places to eat on a night off, and they will almost invariably list Jitlada. Jitlada has a sprawling menu of Southern Thai food. The mango salad is delicious as are ALL of their curries. Think you can handle intense spiciness?Try the Khua Kling Phat Tha Lung. That's a SPICEY MEEEAT-EH-BALLL...In fact Jonathan Gold named it the spiciest dish in LA. And Jonathan Gold is one of the pound-for-pound best eaters in Los Angeles, notwithstanding his morbid obesity.The Phangga Jungle Curry--composed of PORK RIBS and EGGPLANT is as good as those ingredients sound together in a sentence. The kaeng bai chá-phluu curry (I got it with clams) with tea leaves and turmeric is different and so good it makes me want to bring back the term "boom-shaka-laka." I found the Khua Kling Phat Tha Lung Beef to be spicy and impeccable. And you can't go wrong with a nice simple green or massaman curry.Jitlada is super AUTHENTIC. All I need is a (Full Moon Party,) $4 Thai massage and a ride home in a tuk-tuk to make me feel like I'm back in Thailand. Please just make sure you make a reservation. There's no reason to spoil a potentially amazing meal by subjecting yourself to a long wait in a dilapidated Thai-language shopping center after dark.
<review# 1073,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2011,10/15/2011,4161,1558,22,22,23>I went here with a friend the other night.  Frolic, the comedy group, was on stage.  I would like to say that Frolic was hilarious, but that would be a lie.  But the vibe was still pretty cool, and I enjoyed being there.We ordered edamame, wasabi fries and Indonesian shrimp.  The edamame was a good sized portion, and so were the fries.  The shrimp, however, was another story. I think there were maybe 4 pieces altogether.  Whatever...  I enjoyed all the dishes, and the wasabi fries lived up to the raves.The service was good: prompt and cordial.  However, I have to admit, I was put off by the server though it wasn't her fault.  She probably didn't hear me.I gave my credit card to the server on my way to the restroom.  I told her to hold on to it until I returned and NOT put it on the table-as I didn't want to reveal my personal info to the guy I was with.  It wasn't that I didn't trust him.  It was just preference since it was a possible one time date.When I returned, my credit card was on the table, right in front of him.  Meh.  Note to self:  Use cash next time when I'm out with a guy I don't know that well.
<review# 1074,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,10/14/2011,823,421,22,29,25>First of all, if you walk in expecting to get the exact same of some other dessert place's concoction, you'll probably be let down, because Fluff Ice is different! (So stop comparing!)I REALLY LIKE that the fluff is not overly sweetened... It allows the fresh fruits and condensed milk to contribute the sweetness, while the fluff ice is just light, tasty, and cold. It's even better with a few of their fresh, squishy mochi balls sprinkled on top!I also REALLY LIKE their giant cups because you have to share! It makes it more of a communal experience with your boyfriend/girlfriend/BFF/sibling/weirdo friend/etc., which is something I find different and enjoyable.Another thing I REALLY LIKE is their up-to-date receipt system, where they swivel their awesome iPads around, you sign your name with your finger, and enter either your phone number or email address to which your total and link to your receipt will be sent. So eco-friendly and convenient! Why doesn't everywhere have a system like this?!Pretty much, I REALLY LIKE Fluff Ice! The shop's decor is really nice, and the location at ATS is awesome... I have a feeling I'll be spending many BF & BFF dates sharing fluffy, creamy, delicious ice! It's so good!
<review# 1075,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2011,10/13/2011,842,430,30,25,22>So if you love trying new things related to meat and meat-ish foods such as foie gras, bone marrow, liver and pork-y parts  ...   coming to Animal would kinda be like if... a sports fan went to a sports bar... a smoker entered a dispensary ... you had yellow fever and came to a Yelp event - Yup, like that.For me, the space was something that could only be described as minimal yet dark and mysterious.  There's no signage on the outside so you're left with your imagination as to what you're getting yourself into.The menu has the current date on it which lead me to believe that it changes every so often with a few of the favorites in constant rotation. I came with a group of 8 so I was able to sample these items: marrow bone, chimichurri, caramelized onionsbarbeque pork belly sandwiches, slawpoutine, oxtail gravy, cheddar rabbit loin spring roll, eggplant, sprouts, green curryfoie gras loco moco, quail egg, spam, hamburger bacon chocolate crunch bar, s&p ice cream And before I left you better believe that I uttered the following words:"damn all that shit was tasty"PS - yes I described the food as shit and still gave it 5 stars
<review# 1076,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/6/2010,10/12/2011,245,180,45,36,40>When their marque read 'Top 5 Burger in LA' I immediately pulled out my phone and started texting my friend. While driving. Bad idea.WOOPWOOP! the sirens flickered and a god-like voice filled the air."Pull over, son. I see that iPhone."Damn. Busted. I pulled to the side and kept my hands on the wheel. The police officer walked up and tapped on the glass. "It couldn't have waited, huh?" He teased. I awkwardly smiled. "I guess, technically, it could have." I explained. "But I just read that and had to tell my buddy about it." I pointed at the little shop and the officer squinted at the sign. He chuckled."You haven't eaten their burger yet?" He queried. I shook my head. He frowned and removed his hat. Then sighed. Then looked away and forcibly handed my license and registration back. "I'm leaving you with a warning, but part of the stipulation is you have to walk over there RIGHT NOW and eat the Day Aged Burger. Tell 'em Officer Rogkins sent ya."I complied. Now, before I go any further, I need to let you know that burgers are my thing. I love a good burger. A good burger is what I would request as my death row last meal. Umami, Fix and the Hungry Cat have dominated my top burger list for the last chunk of time, since I first sank my teeth into a gourmet burger. Now I have a new favorite. The Day Aged Burger is like hitting the reset button on your 1986 Nintendo and restarting the hunt. All other burgers get wiped clean from your palate and you are left a taste of what the upper upper class must consume every meal. It's complex, juicy, flavorful, sweet and savory yet not overwhelming and confusing. Your taste buds go 'Burger? Burger! Oh shit BURGER!' and you are practically begging to pay them extra for the damned thing.They do it right. They do it fucking right. And you know what, the buck doesn't stop there. No sir. * Grilled Cheese = Best of LA* Breakfast Burrito = Best of LA* Booze selection = Best of LA* Service = so fantastic it baffles me. Like: can't you tell that I'm poor and probably shouldn't be shopping in your ultra-fantastic shop?The Oaks Gourmet truly live up to their name as a 'gourmet' shop. It's sickeningly awesome and if I had a competing restaurant around, I'd close shop just out of complete and total apathetic jealousy that there is no way that I could/should compete. I mean, I should edit all my other 5 star reviews and knock them all back a star or two to compensate for the Oaks' domination over all. Oh, and if you decide that you want to try it out, tell 'em Officer Rogkins sent ya ;)
<review# 1077,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2011,10/11/2011,875,170,27,28,30>Thai food -- especially late night Thai food -- has been waging a war against my waistline since I first discovered from Vizzini that you couldn't win a landwar in Asia. From that point on, it was over; Thai cuisine had climbed onto the pantheons of my all-time favorite foods.Now, to really appreciate something, you sometimes need to walk away from it for a little while. I used to eat Thai food all the time, until I realized that this love affair was too intense, and it kept me away from checking out different types of food.  So, after my taste buds took its leave of absence, I jumped back in with my newly detoxified palate.Lemongrass is located in Sherman Oaks, on a stretch of Van Nuys Blvd. where, if you were to blink, you'd miss it driving by. From experience, I've noticed that the dingier the place, the better the food is going to taste. Seems like a lot less effort one places on their decor typically translates to the opposite effort placed onto their food. Lemongrass Thai is no exception to that theoretical rule. This place is literally a hole in the wall, comprised of about 4 tables, and the look of what a college dorm in Thailand would probably look like. None of this bothers me, by the way.  As a matter of fact, I sometimes prefer this dining option, provided I'm with good company and good conversation.The best way to describe this place is like describing a good slow jam. The hook is in their spices. And instead of working on a bass line, it's working up my waist line. My friend and I ordered two dishes that we both shared -- the Ginger Stir Fried and the Pad Gra Pow (spicy mint) with beef. *Sidenote/Slow Jam Interlude*(I had to have her back away from the Pad Thai, because -- as some of you may know -- eating Pad Thai is like re-visiting your freshman year in college. You tend to have that "been there, done that" mentality when it comes to that particular gateway dish.)*End Sidenote/Slow Jam Interlude* The Pad Gra Pow came with a warning that it was spicy and, funnily enough, it knocked my normally spicy-loving friend into a fit of convuslive coughs. So, yes, they're true to their word when they mean spicy. One of the previous reviewers of this place had a funny remark in that she indicated the "the atmosphere is depressing."  Sure, it's kind of dank. And Ventura Blvd. -- with all of its swanky dining options isn't too far off -- but you get a personal touch here. There's only one lady working the register and serving the tables.  (Tables? What tables?!  Again, there's only about 4 in the entire place.)  And when I walked up to the register to pay -- necessitated due to the fact that we decided to leave in a hurry and catch the mall before they closed --I peered in to see a family effort in their prepared meals. It's not untypical to see a son or daughter work the back kitchen, when it comes to family-owned Thai restaurants. And, my gazing eyes were met with a smile from the teenage kid.Thai restaurants are a dime-a-dozen; especially in the Valley. I'm not ever dying to go to one place in particular.  Would I come here again? Yes.  Will I go out of my way to come to Lemongrass, if I'm not in the general area?  Most likely not. Well, not unless someone specifically asks for a recomendation for:the dingiest, smallest Thai restaurant I could think of, with really good food, and a staff (read: family) with a friendly demeanor.  Then, yeah, perhaps Lemongrass Thai fits that bill to a tee.- Will
<review# 1078,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/14/2011,10/10/2011,370,6,94,88,81>George Clooney might kick my ass for writing this review.On one of my frequent trips to Kazu, I ran into George Clooney, and we had a conversation.  Now, to be fair, my date at the time was a famous actress, and Clooney was probably having the conversation more because of her than because of me.  But, hey, what the hell - he's George Clooney.  If he wanted to take her home, I probably would have let him.  Because getting cock-blocked by George Clooney is almost cooler than getting laid by a famous actress.Whatever the case, I told George Clooney how amazing I thought Kazu was and he said, "I know - please don't tell anyone."You see, Kazu is a well-guarded secret by folks who truly love sush and don't want it to be invaded by the masses.  Famous folks and people who just want a break from the L.A. hustle can have an amazing meal here last minute in relative privacy.  There are rarely more than six or seven people in Kazu at one time.  Kazu is so under-the-radar that when you call to make a reservation, they make sure you aren't mistaking them for (the vastly inferior) Katsu-ya down the street. Kazu's outsides, in a strip mall, and its rather bland interior, have no telltale signs of the wonderfulness inside its food.And Kazu isn't cheap.  It's not as expensive as Urasawa, but its prices are in line with other high-end sushi places.  I can't tell you how many times I've been having sushi here and people have come in off the street, sat down, taken a look at the menu, and then walked out. But Kazu also has some of the best sushi anywhere, and is one of my very favorite restaurants in L.A.  I've now been coming here for years.  (As an aside, I never really thought the chef, Kazu, or the waitresses, knew anything about me besides "Hello, Gunn," until I came here a short while ago with my sister-in-law who speaks fluent Japanese.  They filled her in on my love life for the past few years: "First, he brought in some girl from TV for a long time, then he brought in a whole bunch of girls, then he brought in another girl for a long time, then some other girls...."  etc, etc.  Thanks, guys.  I'm glad to be the official Kazu soap opera.  But, hell, I suppose it's that same attention to detail that makes the food at Kazu so excellent.)This is a place for the true sushi connoisseur.   It's not showy - it's sushi and sashimi without too much fanfare, so you can taste the freshness and deliciousness of the fish.  Katsu-Ya down the street tastes like Hostess products in comparison.  You can order Omakase (chef's choice), and never fail with Kazu's selections.  I think the toro (fatty tuna) at Kazu is the best I've had anywhere.  When I come in here with my friend Nathan, we'll sometimes just order like thirty pieces of toro.  I also love the uni - sea urchin - which is like the ice cream of sushi, and it also may be the best I've had anywhere.  The kanpachi sush and albacore sushi are also top notch.  The halibut sashimi with arugula is of my favorite dishes.  And the blue crab tuna rolls and kumamoto oysters are astounding as well. So, again, this probably isn't the place to go if you've never had sushi.  But if you love sushi, and are ready to go to the next level, and realize it may ruin all mediocre sushi places for you forever, check out Kazu.But, please, if you see George Clooney there, don't tell him I sent you.Click "useful" below if you think George Clooney can kick my ass because he plays basketball all the time.  Click "funny" if you think I can kick George Clooney's ass because I'm younger, lither, and probably have more experience at physical altercations.  Press "cool" if you're not sure who would win in a fight. Press all three to have an orgasm. Seriously, you will come like crazy. Try it.
<review# 1079,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2011,10/9/2011,420,299,6,12,11>smiles - happiness - delicious - perfect - healthy These are all words that come to mind when I think of The Baker Bakery & Cafe, which truly is a hidden magnificent find that pleases the taste buds and the self.  I left very satisfied, delighted, and the tone for the rest of my day was positive all because of this amazing brunch shared with my lovely Crystal L.Let's backtrack first.I never wake up early on the weekends but on this one Saturday I started my day at 7am getting a quick coffee, a doctor's visit, and then hours later a much awaited and anticipated brunch to quiet our stomachs.  Despite the hours spent waiting in the doctor's office, an initial difficulty finding parking for Baker's, and sitting out in the cold freezing, I had a pleasant experience.  I'd like to attribute this to Crystal L's presence but it was also because of the food and atmosphere.Let's also get something else clear: I don't normally eat a lot.  For this meal I actually consumed everything on all of my plates.  I think this calls for applause!Now, onto the menu items!  -Veggie Breakfast Sandwich -- eggs, spinach, mushrooms, very interesting bread all complimenting each other and great tasting-French Toast Special: fluffy french toast slices, side of fruit (or other choice), and Turkey Bacon -- especially yummy and endorphin-inducing-Earl Grey & Breakfast Blend teas -- warming and just right (beware of sticky honey hands)In sum, the food was uniquely fresh and fantastic and that has to gather the majority of my stars.  The staff was so sweet and I have no complaints there, seating opened up quickly so that we could sit inside, the restroom also frees up quickly, and the concept of Baker Bakery & Cafe is truly unique in the area.  All of my opinions can be backed up by noticing how crowded the place gets and by watching all the smiles across all the tables.  I most definitely endorse this restaurant and encourage you to visit this small but daintily perfect place!
<review# 1080,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2011,10/8/2011,630,341,20,13,12>Came in for a lite meal and left feeling like Kool Aid.  Mistake #1 was I asked the owner for a wine suggestion and instead of selling me a $100+ super tuscan, he brought out a wonderful $35 zinfandel.Mistake #2  wanted a lite meal so avoided pasta and ordered the Osso Buco...WOW..super tender and tasty...sucked it up in two minutes flat.Mistake #3 having had my taste buds stimulated, this is where I truly went overboard and ordered their super delicious pizza.Mistake #4 having screwed my diet, ordered my second bottle of wine...Mistake #5 SAMBUCA!!  arghhh....Now I have to hit the gym and run fifty miles....
<review# 1081,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/10/2011,10/7/2011,753,422,6,14,10>I've wanted to eat at CUT since before I moved to LA. I'm not really a steak eater, but here I was definitely willing to become a carnivore for the night. My family that lives in LA was throwing a celebratory dinner for my sister who's leaving for the peace corps in two months. What a better place to choose than CUT!We showed up around 6:30pm on a Saturday night. The place already had a good amount of people seated and there was a constant flow of customers throughout the night. We were given a round booth with a great view into the kitchen. Our amazing server introduced himself and told us all a brief summary of the restaurant. He even came by our table with a huge plate of meat to show us what each cut looks like and how big they are.I looked over the menu and the first thing I saw was the bone marrow flan. That was the one dish I've heard is a must try here. Like I said, I'm not a steak eater. I probably haven't had a steak in over three years. But at CUT I decided I should get a steak. Most of their steaks are around 10 ounces but anything around there is way too much for me. I decided to go with the U.S.D.A. Prime, Illinois corn-fed (aged 21 days) 8 oz. petit cut filet mingon. I've also heard the house-made steak sauce was a must have.After several skinny bread sticks and outstanding pretzel breads our first courses arrived. My bone marrow flan (with mushroom marmalade, and parsley salad) came inside two thick bone segments with a small salad arranged on top. To anyone that isn't used to exotic (weird) foods, this might be kinda gross. And I'm not going to lie, I even gave it a confused look at first. But after the first tiny spoonful I instantly fell in love. It was probably one of the best dishes I've ever tasted at a restaurant (right up there with the Bazaar's Philly cheese steak). Even the small slices of bread were toasted to perfection. When the marrow flan and mushroom marmalade were spread over the bread it only heightened the wonderful taste.To stay on my things-with-parents streak, my filet mingon came soon after finishing my bone marrow. Even my petit filet came super thick on a large plate. I ordered it medium rare as to save some of the flavor without hearing the heartbeat. I cut it open and could tell instantly that it was cooked to perfection. My first bite I didn't have any steak sauce so I could taste the real flavor of the meat first. It was very soft and almost melted in my mouth. The subtle peppering was great too. As if the steak weren't perfect enough, when dipped in the steak sauce it made it unbelievable. After my first bite with the sauce I even declared to start eating steak more! Although I'm sure it won't happen.The meat from my entree was so rich I could only finish half of it. But because this dinner was a celebration, we still decided to order dessert. To split, we got the creme brule baby banana cream pie (with roasted banana ice cream) and the dark chocolate souffle (with whipped creme Fraiche, Gianduia ice cream). The souffle came in the pan with the chocolate sauce, creme, and sauce on the side. The souffle was light as air and still steaming hot when it arrived. It was probably one of the richest desserts I've tasted. I even had to limit myself to just a couple bites. I didn't want to suffer too much my next time at Runyon! The banana cream pie was breathtaking. it was stuffed with whipped cream and sauce with tiny malt balls sprinkled on top. The banana ice cream was the part that really screamed out. I definitely recommend it to everyone!Our server was so nice, he even wrote "Good Luck" on the dessert for my sister leaving for Africa in a couple months. After talking to him for a while he came back with complimentary macaroons and chocolate pieces. We were all so stuffed we boxed them up to go. They were amazing with my coffee the next morning!My five star reviews are rare. But every once in a while a restaurant comes along that treats you so well and leaves you so happy that you dream about it that night. CUT was perfect on every level of our meal and the service is right up there with Spago! The Michelin star is greatly deserved as well!
<review# 1082,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2011,10/6/2011,98,78,8,11,10>I love this library! It's small, but I'm always able to find a table to study at upstairs. If you're planning on spending several hours here, this library is conveniently located across the street from Whole Foods and there are plenty of coffee shops down the street for a nice food/coffee break! I'm not sure what the store hours are, but this library also has a small book store upstairs by the bathrooms that sells used/donated books for extremely cheap prices! I once went on a shopping spree and bought myself 6 books (for a dollar or less each)!
<review# 1083,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2011,10/5/2011,1495,111,18,18,15>As many of you know, No Meat March is officially over. Not only did my trip to Vegas ruin my discipline, my Jack Lalane juicer took its last breath.I can't say that I was disappointed; in fact, I was pretty thrilled about eating meat again. Not that I really ate that much meat, but the deprivation made me have massive cravings. The other day I had a dream about eating a McDonald's cheeseburger - yuck!Over the past 7 or 8 years I have introduced thousands, if not millions (slight exaggeration) of people to Capriotti's Sandwiches.  I seriously should start working for them! I would be like a vacuum sales person and knock on your door, but instead of a vacuum I would sell you a Bobbie or Capastrami! The world would be a better place and I would be a billionaire!I have been telling my girlfriend about Capriotti's for the last month, it was becoming too much to bear. Every time I would think about her I would associate her with a Bobbie. She was beginning to take the form of one!That was it, I thought! I picked up a Bobbie and Capastrami  - I would split each sandwich with her. I hate to admit this, but I couldn't wait and I pulled over to eat my half of the Bobbie. She's lucky I didn't eat her half too! I wish I could have recorded it. She was absolutely cute after she took her first bite of the Capastrami. She looked at the sandwich with a lovingly gaze in her eyes, as if she was just proposed to by Dr. McDreamy and said, in a soft, sensual voice, "how did they make this?" I was hysterical, I almost chocked! Yes people, these sandwiches are that good! Pics on my blog...
<review# 1084,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2011,10/4/2011,385,356,15,20,19>After visiting here 4 times now, I guess I am entitled to write a review...Finally!! My first experience was with Valerie C., when it only had less than 10 reviews and was open only for a couple of weeks. My Benedict Oscar was delicious. Medium rare steak on top of my poached eggs with crab. I guess anything with a bloody slab of meat would make my day, but this dish was a delish twist from your ordinary eggs benedict. The portions are a good size accompanied by a heaping mound of country potatoes lightly seasoned. I've tried a few other items, but I wasn't as impressed as my first dish. The biscuit beignets are not like Cafe Du Monde in New Orleans. While they are good, I had a ridiculous expectation that I could have some nostalgic taste of their infamous beignets. Service can be slow at times, but they are always so friendly and sweet. It's a gluttonous indulging breakfast southern comfort food experience that will have you hobble away with an extra 10 pounds of fat and still have you wanting to come back and try the rest of their dishes. Alas, don't you fret, the gym is your friend. FYI: Full service bar Breakfast and lunch menu served all hours they're open Order their specials (cracked egg symbol), I've had better luck with those.
<review# 1085,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2011,10/3/2011,592,455,9,15,13>a happy accident, to stumble upon this gem. gangadin is my favorite indian food of all time ... and i mean all time ... except jitlada and samosa house, which are different animals. BUT, they deliver to a secret sacred remote mulholland location at which i've been spending an inordinate amount of time, so i don't have to get dressed. they make everything from scratch, including the saag and the yogurt. what? wow. they make a green chile paneer that tears me up. by which i mean tears like brings me into tears. and "tears me up" like the cliche. the proprietor family is rightfully proud of their growing endeavor, which i think they said has been around for like 23 years or something. they sell products at the studio city farmers market. they promote health and longevity, which mean nothing without flavor (in my hedonistic mind).
<review# 1086,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2011,10/2/2011,344,1062,8,9,10>My first Yelp Event was awesome!!! Let me count the reasons why...1. I got to meet other yelpers, other people as neurotic about typing out their opinions as I am. Great to meet you Andrea and Erin!2. The "Family" from the Malibu Family Winery were great, approachable and sincerely warm. The wines for this event, the steakhouse Malibu + Vine and the Patio Bar are provided by them.I got to taste the Cabernet Sauvignon and Sauvignon Blanc. I hate to disappoint the winery owners but I'm not an oenophile. With that disclaimer, I've got to say that this is the best tasting Sauvignon Blanc I've ever had. Thank you for the lovely ladies telling us which wine goes with which. I did not get a bad reaction!3. Chef Matthew Zubrod, he with the extensive illustrious background, made the mundane sublime. That grilled cheese sandwich, the gazpacho, the melon/prosciutto salad, the liver pate on crostinis, the rib and mac and cheese (lipsmacking), the cheese platter, the steak bites, and the caprese salad (easily man-handled). THANK YOU  for putting figs in that cheese platter. I don't know why more people won't put that more often in their cheese platter; it should be a fait accompli!4. I am Filipino and you'd think I would like coconut juice. Nope. Never liked it in my whole life. But Vita Coco's coco + pineapple made it totally manageable. Dude, that's saying A LOT!!5. The setting is fantastic. I know it's a drive and it's in the middle of the mountain but I love it! Getting here you feel like you're in a vacation. With the mountains and fog surrounding us, I truly felt insulated from the hustle and bustle of SFV a mere 15 miles away. Less?6. Highly recommend for weddings or other special events!!! Bridal shower anyone?!?!?! Cel J.?!?!?!?!7. Cookies and Cream. Yum!! Great chocolate chocolate chip cookies, and chocolate chip and ice cream sandwich. Also, Sorry Joanna, the best red velvet cupcake I've ever had.8. Yelp Goodies everywhere!9. I love jazz and I love the fact that they have a live jazz trio playing music that is not too hot and not too cool! Man, I forgot to get their business card... I might need them for a wedding or something...10. They even have activities. How cool was that?
<review# 1087,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2011,10/1/2011,412,220,9,15,12>When you're looking for a fresh fish grille (and fryer) in the valley, look no further than Off The Hook (formerly Hookd on Fish).I got to chat it up with Jeff, the new owner, and he seems like a swell guy. His goal is to provide environmentally-conscious oceanic fare (i.e. he doesn't carry chilean sea bass b/c theyre almost on the endangered list), and he does this at reasonable prices.  I got the crab cakes ($11) and deep fried scallops ($9) each of which came with a side.I highly recommend the handmade crab cakes. They were delicious! They don't look too pretty--and maybe thats something that can be improved upon--but what they lack in looks they more than make up for in your mouth. Simply put, they are the way crab cakes should be. When I ordered them, he said he was having trouble keeping them in stock and now I understand why!I also recommend getting the sweet potato fries and grilled veggies. The fries were perfect--slightly crisp on the outside but soft within. And the veggies were also delightful. Whole cucumbers and squash sliced lengthwise with beautiful grill marks to boot.The scallops (deep fried) on the other hand were a bit lacking in my opinion. A bit too salty and definitely overbattered. Scallops are so delicate in and of themselves, that overbattering them is a cardinal sin. But its okay. I am a gracious man. I will forgive. Once. ;DAlso, Jeff was really cool about accepting my groupon. There was a slight pricing error on the menu so I should have a paid a couple extra bucks, but Jeff just said to call it even. Nice.
<review# 1088,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2011,9/30/2011,181,30,23,46,39>As an avid techno buff, it's safe to say that I've had my fair share in many Apple stores. But let me be the first to tell you that this has to be the BEST when it comes to overall customer service!Just like some of you, there have been instances where I've had to deal with a few obnoxious Apple reps so I was a little hesitant when I first came here. But boy was I wrong! The people here are extremely welcoming and are willing to help you with all your Mac questions, problems, and inquiries. It is also by far one of the BIGGEST and most organized Apple store I've been in and words can't express just how organized everything is! Another thing about this place is that the Genius Bar is huge and rest assured that someone will definitely come and accommodate you if you have any doubts or concerns about what Apple product to purchase. All in all, this place is amazing. It most definitely beats the Apple store in the Glendale Galleria with its organization, cleanliness and overall customer service!So if you ever NEED anything regarding any Apple products you own, you can't go wrong coming here first!
