<review# 1,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,9/26/2012,18,9,,4,3>I went there last night, I'm still full. The menu is more like a tome; I'd suggest coming here with a dish already in mind, I flailed in the spider web of options for a little too long. After much deliberation and a popular vote, I got the pad see ew. 'Twas delightfully delicious. Nice sauce selection on the tables, as well!I withheld that precious fifth star because Ha Long Bay closed at 9:30PM which is just about when the good conversation starts, service was slow, and there was a longer wait than expected to sit down, but hey, at least you can have a beer while you wait!
<review# 2,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,9/25/2012,3,7,,2,2>Got take out here tonight - very nice people on the phone and in person, prompt service, delicious food.  Tofu was done to perfection and the food was piping hot.  The only reason I only give 4 stars is because I've only had one dish as take out and would need to sample others and check out the service and atmosphere before upping my star rating.  Great, quick dinner.
<review# 3,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2012,9/24/2012,23,12,,2,1>We stopped in for a late dinner this evening not really knowing what to expect. We were both very pleasantly suprised. This restaurant is simply wonderful! We started with the stuffed dates and the duck fat fries... both were great, but the dates were outstanding, the red pepper sauce was a perfect with the dates. We then tried the lamb carpaccio and the Clam and Mussel orzo.. both wonderful. The veal breast with apple cabbage and polenta was outstanding! The dining room is warm and intimate and the staff is very friendly and informative. Loved the music this evening... excellent taste in tunes! Madison is fast becoming a sophisticated place to dine with wonderful small locally owned establishments that keep on getting better!
<review# 4,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,9/23/2012,2,12,,4,2>LOVE this lunch buffet. Never been for dinner (that's why I gave it only 4 stars and not 5). The buffet is always excellent. Lots of variety with hot dishes, tons of flavor. Always some beloved common dishes and some surprises if you're looking to try new things. (I've seen goat curry.) The waitstaff is helpful and nice, and hands down for me it's the best Indian buffet in the city.
<review# 5,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,9/22/2012,19,112,,3,2>Supper Club food and prices.  They bring you a loaf of fresh bread right away and every meal comes with a salad bar.  The sharp Cheddar you cut yourself is a nice touch.  The house salad dressings are very rich.  We enjoyed the toasted, buttered,  and seasoned bread at the salad bar more than the bread brought to our table. Don't worry about all the expensive cars parked outside this place, the ambiance is casual. Men may feel more in place with a button up shirt though. Grandparents and children are very abundant here.
<review# 6,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,9/21/2012,42,32,,1,2>If you are looking for cake decorating and baking supplies this is where you need to go!!Although their hours aren't great, they do have everything you would need to make an adorable birthday cake, Christmas cookies, and more! The selection of cookie cutters is the largest I've seen anywhere.  I've also taken a Wilton cake decorating class through them, and it was fabulous.  It was more work than I expected, but I learned a lot!
<review# 7,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2012,9/20/2012,22,25,,2,2>I frequent this place because it's close to where I live, and I do team trivia on Wednesdays.  The beer selection is both expansive and fresh (they open new taps frequently), and the food is excellent bar-food fare with some healthy salad-type options.  But hey, you're there for bar food, right?  The burgers are yummy (you can sub in chicken or black bean), the fries and rings are tasty.  I've heard good things about the pizza, but haven't tried it.  There are lots of TVs, so if you care to watch some sports it's a great place to do so.The servers are very nice, but on busy nights they can be super slammed and stretched thin, so you may have to wait several minutes for service.  The kitchen isn't all that large and they actually cook food to order, so do plan to wait a bit for your meal.  In fact, that's the only down-side I can think of about this place - the service can sometimes be slow.If you're not into trivia, I suggest that you avoid Tuesday and Wednesday nights after 8:00 PM or so, because that's when the trivia crowd is there and the place is packed to the gills.
<review# 8,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2012,9/19/2012,207,9,,3,3>I hadn't been here for years and was quite pleased to re-connect for a GREAT dinner on a Monday night. Not crowded...fast service and really TASTY food. The salsa sampler is still the best, however the SMALL portion of Guacamole was gobbled up much too quickly for the price. The Steak was perfect and the Bleu Cheese butter topping was decadent and delightful, as were the  collard greens and whipped taters!!!
<review# 9,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2012,9/18/2012,73,181,,3,1>Crono is, by far, the best bike shop I've been to in Madison. (or Wisconsin for that matter).  It can be best described as a shop full of eye candy for the serious road cyclist.  With brands such as Cervelo, Seven and Colnago, they really are into what they do.  Although I never made a bike purchase from the shop, I've used their service department on several occasions.  Andy has always been able to accommodate my needs on when I had to have my bike by, despite being super overloaded with work.  I suspect that their sales department is equally as top notch, and wouldn't hesitate to purchase a bike from them.
<review# 10,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2012,9/17/2012,3,11,,3,2>This is hands down the best restaurant in Madison for the unhyped, properly priced, on this side of pretentious ;)  I have had a long love with Jolly Bob's and I always will.  The decor and size make it a place that seems packed all the time, but don't let that deter you.  Drink a purple meanie and chill until your table is ready.  I love the curry cream mussels, the black jack and the curry chicken or pork.This place is a staple in Madison and a place everyone should eat or drink at one time.  Oh and the aforementioned Purple Meanie - I've been able to drink 4 of them.  While I'm proud, I would not suggest it to anyone.  Car and driver required :)
<review# 11,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2013,4/10/2013,16,20,2,8,6>This place was awesome.  It is the only Filipino restaurant in Madison.  It serves food buffet style all day- we went for dinner and it cost us $8.99 per person.  Drinks are ordered separately- they have a cooler of can soda, juices, etc. to choose from.  The owner informed us they are also pursuing liquor license so they will have a bar soon.  It cost us $21.65 for two dinner buffets plus a bottle of Pepsi and can of diet Sprite.  The food array is pretty impressive- of course they had lumpia (long and skinny meat eggroll type thing).  There were a lot of meat and fish options.  My favorite was the fried pork fat- it's like they fried pork fat to glaze it then stewed it just a little bit.  So yummy but definitely not healthy.  I also had marrow straight from the bone and some coconut chicken stew.  THey also stewed brisket.  There weren't any food labels so you just have to experiment.  I don't mind that because I think each dish was unique and very flavorful.  There were also dessert options- flan, homemade cookies, and sticky rice and taro things wrapped in bamboo!  Sure beats the little frozen cake things most Chinese buffets serve.  The best part- they have karaoke.  I don't know the details like if they charge or not but they have it.  The owner says they get lots of Filipino families on the weekends.  The owner/chef herself is Filipino and also owns the local Filipino grocery store.  She was really nice and came out to chat with us.  She offered us some additional foods like tamarind fish and pork buns.  We were so stuffed by then but we were happy to try a sour fish soup she brought out.  All the food tasted fresh despite the buffet setup.  The ambiance is definitely diner style- no fancy linens and dim lighting to get in the way. The restaurant is straightforward and basically serves up delicious, home-cooked style soul food.  I am excited to try Mabuhay again!facebook.com/MabuhayPhil…
<review# 12,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/28/2013,4/9/2013,56,135,,8,2>I've gone to Jason since I moved to Madison almost 5 years ago. I even have moved to Milwaukee temporarily, and I still come back just for his haircuts. Here's why:Whatever I have him do with my hair, it looks good, and I get tons of compliments from people I don't even know.He is good at identifying problem areas with your hair (e.g. cowlicks) and knows exactly how to cut them to fix them. He works really well with my hair - long, slightly wavy.  AND he works really well with my needs: I don't like to style my hair or even dry it after I shower. He cuts my hair to accommodate my casual approach to hair-care.I can give Jason a lot of direction, or very little ("do whatever you feel like...just let me know first", or "what are the cool kids doing these days") and he always makes it look good.And, he knows all the cool kids' haircuts.Good relaxed conversation in the meantime.Worth every penny.
<review# 13,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,4/8/2013,25,16,,3,4>I went a couple weeks ago with a couple friends for the Friday Night Fish Fry. I will preface with the fact that we have all grown up on the Laurel so we were apprehensive as we didn't want to betray our hometown tavern.  Well, the Avenue Bar wins hands down in terms of fish fry!!! It was so incredible. SOOO much food and a good price.  I will definitely be back
<review# 14,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,4/7/2013,79,313,,6,3>Brunch. 1pm. Sunday.  I figured we were safe, there wouldn't be a wait so late in the day - "normal" people go to brunch at 10:30am, right?! HA.  Foiled again.  I was amazed to see how packed Sardine was at 1pm, with a 45 minute wait for a table for two.  Wowzers.  Expectations were high when we finally were led to a seat.  I liked the ambiance from the start, warm and inviting yet elegant and classy.  A panoramic view of the lake doesn't hurt, nor does the country-style wood floors, exposed beams and linen table cloths.  We started with cocktails (it was after noon, after all) and I would go back simply for the bloody mary ($7). Just the right level of spice, thick and loaded with all the fixin's, properly served with a  side of beer.  Vegetarian brunch options are either a Belgian waffle or an Omelette, all reasonably priced at $8-10. The Omelette was fantastic, filled with arugula, mushrooms, scallions and cheese and served with tossed greens.BOTTOM LINE:  I would definitely be in favor of putting this on the heavy brunch rotation. While I don't eat oysters, they offer an inviting happy hour deal ($3 drafts, 1/2 priced oysters, if I recall correctly) from 4-6pm and I love the space so I look forward to checking that out!
<review# 15,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,4/6/2013,78,57,,10,5>Excellent, authentic Thai food.  The best I've ever had? Nope.  The best in Madison? Probably! I ended up ordering several of my faves: sweet & sour pork ribs, Lao style papaya salad, pad thai, chicken larb . The pad thai was probably the best I've had in Madison; not too sweet or greasy. I found the papaya salad a little to heavy on the shrimp paste, but good nonetheless.  Ribs were tasty, but were a little too chewy.   O-em-geeeee that chicken larb was hands down the best version I've had.  It was light, seasoned wells and chock-full of super fresh herbs.  Whether you call ahead, dine in or take it to go, the orders seem to take quite a while to prepare.  But, honestly, I don't mind if I know I'm getting some tasty eats. Did I mention that my order was less than 25 bucks?! AMAZING.
<review# 16,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/2/2012,4/5/2013,73,181,3,3,5>Thanks to Jessica H for asking a favorite ravioli question, which reminded me that I needed to write this review.  A Pig in a Fur Coat is definitely one of the best additions to Madison's growing restaurant scene.  I was fortunate enough to finally try the restaurant out the week I was moving out of town.  Like what others have said, the dishes are intended to be shared with another.  Everything on the menu looked ultra appealing, so there was quite a bit of debate on what to order.  We ended up settling on the ravioli, pork belly, and lamb carpaccio small plates and the steak large plate.  First my criticism.  With a name like "A Pig in a Fur Coat" I was expecting the pork dishes to be the standouts.  I have to say that I was a little underwhelmed with the pork belly small plate.  I can't give a specific reason why, but there was just something, flavor wise, missing from it.  Perhaps, it was an off night.  Now onto what they did really well!    The highlights were the ravioli and steak.  The ravioli with ricotta and duck egg was the best "pasta" dish I've had in Madison (or in Wisconsin, for that matter).  What really made it stand out was the brown butter and huge slab of pancetta on it!  When describing it, rich is an understatement.    Get it and share it with another person or two......it'd be quite a bit for one person!  As awesome as the ravioli was, we actually enjoyed the steak the most.  A great steak, in and of itself, is a pleasure.  Add some fried sweet breads (my absolute favorite thing), duck fries, and mild basalmic sauce, and you have a perfect meal, in my opinion.  Basalmic is one of those ingredients that can absolutely destroy a dish by overpowering everything else.  A Pig does a great job to make the basalmic compliment the flavor of the other ingredients.  Dessert wise, we ordered these Italian chocolate beignets (can't remember the name).  I'm a huge fan of fried dough, and these gems get my approval!  A Pig is a place I definitely look forward to returning to on my next trip to Madison in about three weeks.  Not only is the food very good but the service was excellent.  Price wise, it's on the middle end for Madison, but portions are rather generous and you'll definitely get a memorable meal!
<review# 17,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,4/4/2013,57,84,,6,4>This is our go-to grocery store (and the one in Sun Prairie) and seriously? It's at LEAST a 30 minute trip around the place 'cause there's so many things here.Even cheese has its own huge aisle. But it's Wisconsin, not California. So I understand!They seem to have everything so I always feel like I'll find something new to try. I guess salmon is a huge hit here because every time we try to buy some, there's always one or two left. I do like that they have an aisle for Asian foods. It satisfies simple things (like shrimp chips!) that I don't have to drive further to go to Midway for. They even have a few Knorr packets for lumpiang shanghai, palabok, and caldereta. *Big smile*Glad this place exists and has the variety that it does.
<review# 18,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,4/3/2013,225,125,1,4,4>CHEESE. cheese. ChEeSe. YUMMMMMMM!!!!!When some out-of-town friends came to visit Madison for the first time, the wife and I decided to give them a stereotypical Wisconsin experience. After going on a brewery tour, we took them to Alp & Dell because, well, what's more Wisconsin than beer and cheese? It was the first time my wife and I had gone, also, and we were not disappointed.There were at least 12 different types of cheese to taste, and MANY more varieties on the shelves waiting to be bought and savored at home. From Gruyere with beer cheese to chocolate cheese, and everything normal in between, Alp & Dell is a cheese-lovers paradise. Oh, and if you ask really nicely, they'll usually cut you a little taste of whatever cheese(s) they're currently packaging for sale.Don't forget to check out the discount bins for super-amazing deals on orphan cheeses.They also sell some great Wisconsin- and cheese-themed gifts and knickknacks, as well as some great cooking utensils and beers, so it really is a one-stop cheese-shop.
<review# 19,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2013,4/2/2013,17,15,,5,3>Alchemy is a great little gem in the Atwood neighborhood. They have a really great selection of beers that changes all the time, and I would argue one of the best Friday Fish Fries in Madison. The menu is casual, but everything is really delicious. The bison burger never disappoints, the sweet potato fries are killer (raspberry jalapeno jam dip is freaking amazing), the chicken wings are ENORMOUS, and the wasabi green beans are a kickass side.Don't accept credit cards, so bring cash. Waitstaff are always great and super attentive, but it gets busy and fills up fast, so get there early or be prepared to have a drink at the bar while you wait.
<review# 20,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2013,3/31/2013,16,93,,5,3>As many yelpers have said perfectly...the Village Green is the idealistic neighborhood tap.  I hadn't been in over 10 years, and walking back in the place looked exactly the same.  Some would call it a bad thing, but I find it endearing.  We've been back a few times now and love going with friends for a casual Friday night.  Great specials (love the Friday fish...but be prepared to eat only fried food).  My all-time favorite is their summer sausage reuben...if you love reubens you cannot go wrong with this jewel!  Fries are always hot and fresh and service is always friendly.  One of Middleton's best kept local secrets!
<review# 21,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,1/31/2014,31,64,8,6,8>I can't believe I haven't written a review for this place yet. Dear Forequarter,Let's be clear. I have a crush on you. You are everything I want in a restaurant. Low key, but still classy. Insanely beautiful in your presentation. You are always there for me with delicious food that I always expect to pay more for. You belong in Paris, but I'm so glad you've chosen to be here, in Madison. Please never change. Love, Your fan
<review# 22,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,1/30/2014,37,120,5,8,5>Just like hundreds of people did, I went to Mickies Dairy Bar before the Badgers game yesterday.   Two hours before the game, there was a line wrapped around outside about 20 deep. It's a cash only establishment, so be prepared to bring a few coins.I went with my son.  We definitely had to have scramblers (although everything else looked fantastic).  He had the bacon cheddar scrambler.  I wanted to go rogue, so I got a scrambler with corned beef hash (in place of the potatoes and $1.25 more) with bacon and cheddar.  You can get gravy on the omelet or on the side - I'd advise to get it on the side, so you can fold it in or dunk one of your two pieces of toast in.With the potatoes (or corned beef hash in my case), they come to your table appearing as if they're six-egg omelets - massive is an understatement!  On the table is Vietnamese version of Sriracha (Double Chicken Brand, I believe) and the customary blend of salt and pepper.  The taste is incredible.  I really enjoyed it with the hash rather than the fried potatoes.  Their hash is deliciously chunky and spicy (it tastes like it has a chili and maybe a bit of a curry thing going on). The eggs were a perfect topper with what was likely a 1/2 a lb. of shredded cheddar.  The calorie counter died on the way to the table - I think I swallowed it with the corned beef.  With water, I had coffee.  It was the standard diner coffee, but maybe a little bit weaker than some.  My son stuck with water.The bill for approximately 10,000 calories of goodness  (remember, the counter was lost in the carnage, so I may be a bit off) - only $16.87!!!   As far as calories (and saturated fat) per dollar - this is has to be one of the deals around.  In addition, the food (taste and preparation) was perfect for our cravings.Tip: The crowd eased up about an hour before kickoff, so that might be the best bet going forward if lines are to be avoided.
<review# 23,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,1/29/2014,33,65,1,8,6>While La Mestiza is perhaps the only Mexican place in town with an atmosphere worthy of date night or merely eating in, this life is such that it's just another takeout stop. Throw in a couple kids who don't like Mexican food and interrupt any attempt at date night anyway, and the result is that I never eat my tacos hot. Maybe that sounds dirty, but that's just you and the truth is this: La Mestiza's tacos are incredible, even after 15 minutes of transit time in the car. We always order the trio de tacos from the appetizer menu: one chicken, one asada, one al pastor.  The chicken is the stewed, pulled kind, marinated in a bath of delightful spices and cooked melt-in-your-mouth tender. The al pastor is grilled, quality cuts of pork, with a hint of tropical fruity flavor. The asada....just ok. Kinda tough and doesn't pick up the grilled flavor. The tortillas are good; hard to judge after the commuting time but they hold up well. The salsas also win -- fresh green tomatillo, spicy and sweet; red pepper, tangy and hot.Someday we'll sit down here and enjoy the service of the friendly staff while conversing over sangria and actual entrees, but for now La Mestiza will remain a regular on our terrific taco takeout tour.
<review# 24,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/20/2013,1/28/2014,49,113,1,10,3>I was desperate. Our old house came with an attic fan with moving louvers on the gable vent. Every fall, the first wind storm blew these louvers off the house. Winter was setting in! Snow was falling! My attic was open to the elements and the squirrels! I needed HELP!After calling several "roofing" places that also advertised for attic ventilation repairs, I called Ganser Co. which also advertised a "Handyman" dept.A REAL person answered the phone!! She told me the person who did small jobs would call me back and they DID that day!He said he'd come take a look and did, in 2 days and said he could fix it the following week.I did have to make the followup call and find out the details of price and when he was coming- but once we settled on a date and fair price (I had gotten some other crazy high bids for just coming out to look)- he showed up:ON TIME! Fixed my problem! Price came in a few bucks UNDER estimate!!! and this job involved a 2 ladder climb up to the high gable in the snow and freezing cold. Tim was nice, cheerful and did not complain.I now have a nice fixed louvered screen on that fan opening.I would recommend the Ganser Handyman Dept.
<review# 25,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,1/27/2014,265,357,4,12,10>The Parisian hot chocolate!! Liquid, thick, fudgey, served in a mug and possibly the best thing ever created for taste buds. It doesn't stop with the best hot chocolate ever created, there's more! It is a chocolate lover's dream come true, and it's quaint, classy, housing more than just chocolate but who cares about that! This is the cafe you go to after dinner and after the show, where you go when you're not quite ready to call it a night, where you host friends from out of town for dessert - where you stop in for your fix of the fudgey:Flourless chocolate cake, dense and decadentThe shortbread cookies dipped in chocolateChocolate almond hornsBrowniesChocolate tartThick and chewy chocolate chip cookiesAnd yes they serve lemon tarts and macaroons, soups, paninis, quiche, caffeine and even wine. I love this dessert cafe, it focuses on the chocolate side of treats, and does it well. We needed a place like Chocolaterian in Madison. Having only opened in October 2012, I think they have quickly found their place in the community.
<review# 26,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,1/26/2014,49,73,,10,3>My trip here was completely accidental as I thought it was still a sub-par gyro shop and never even bothered to look it's way! I'm definitely happy I did though. The staff was extremely friendly, the menu was interesting and very unique for Madison, and most importantly - the food was ridiculously good. I ordered the sweet corn pancake stuffed with homemade cheese and a side of yucca fries. It was served with two sauces and a pile of fried pork. This was easily enough food to feed 2 people but somehow I managed to choke down every last bite.The yucca fries were crisp and flavorful and the sauces paired with them perfectly. The sweet corn pancake was absolutely unlike anything I had tried before and I could have easily gone for seconds. I wasn't in love with the pork, but not because it wasn't tasty, I just wasn't feeling it that day. Overall, the meal was just incredibly satisfying, packed with flavor, and felt every bit as fresh and from scratch as they claimed it was.  This is one of those restaurants where I will definitely be returning to try more items on the menu. The only downside is that it is a bit pricey, but if I remember correctly they had decent lunch deals posted. This may be my favorite new Madison restaurant!
<review# 27,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,1/25/2014,86,145,,4,3>Going to see a show or concert across the street at the Barrymore? Well, we all have to eat somewhere, why not Monty's? The first time I laid eyes on this joint, it was a few weeks ago after skipping dinner and going to Bo Burnham. I wondered if it was a bar or a restaurant, a week later, I found out that it's kind of both! It's a classic diner that happens to serve alcohol. I ordered and enjoyed the mushroom and swiss, but I came in on a mission. To order a burger. Their menu almost distracted me from my mission by offering breakfast all day. Oh, I shall return to conquer the idea of Breakfast for Dinner another time!Waffle fries! need I say more on this topic? Well, its Yelp, so yes. Just the right amount of crispy and not too many. I also managed a dessert on my first visit, that portion size of the Oat Fudge Bar was enough for me to have skipped the fries or the burger, it was huge! Sadly there were nuts mixed in (personal preference), but that didn't stop me.I didn't opt-in for a shake, but I should have. All I've learned about my visit is that I will have to make another trip before my next Barrymore concert!
<review# 28,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,1/24/2014,14,77,1,7,4>For once, a recommendation for a Chinese restaurant in Madison came through for me.  The food at Ichiban is not the best Chinese that I've ever had, but it's certainly at a different level from what you might find in Madison.  We went and had a vermicelli with minced pork, eggplant with garlic sauce, and the spicy chicken dish.  The spicy chicken dish was very good if you like some heat in your food.  I found the eggplant with garlic sauce somewhat oily, but it went well with some rice.This place is the best Chinese I've had in Madison.  It's rather pricey, but it's not your typical Chinese takeout food and it's worth it.  Come here if you want to expand your culinary experience of Chinese food to more than just General Tso' chicken and orange chicken and be prepared to enjoy some spice.
<review# 29,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,1/23/2014,128,219,,14,5>First off; the name is the same as the former American takeout&catering service in Middleton, but almost everything else has changed.  About 80% of the food is Peruvian-inspired, there are just a few Americana options (turkey dinner, fish fry, 1 pasta dish, pot roast).Crandall's accommodated a group of 6 pressed for time before an Overture Center show without a hitch.  The server was extremely helpful and polite and ensured we were served quickly, yet didn't feel pressed for time. Our party selected Peruvian dishes, which including ceviche (multiple types), chaufa de quinoa (Peruvian "fried rice" except with quinoa), lomo saltado (steak, veggie, french fry dish).  Everyone loves choclo, the roasted giant corn kernels served as a snack before ordering, and ceviche usually appeals to anyone who likes fresh fish.  Overall the sauces such as ají (onion condiment) adds a brighter element so even the heartier dishes like lomo saltado don't make you feel as heavy when you're finished.  The prices are all right-they seem dead on for ceviche, but the chaufa de quinoa, which is borrowed from fried rice, is a wee bit overpriced.Our group was happy with our experience here, and we would return, especially as a good option prior to an event downtown.
<review# 30,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2014,1/22/2014,10,52,2,6,3>Wade and Laura are great.  They did the cupcakes for our wedding and 5 months later still know our names.  The cupcakes are really good, the folks the run the place are really nice and they do a really great job making you feel welcome.  What else do you want in your cupcake joint?
<review# 31,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,5/20/2013,34,107,,4,3>They get the job done quickly and pay attention to detail. The diamond wash is actually a fair price for the quality...$20.00 seems high, but when you assess what you get for the price you see that they actually follow through with care. That''s more than I can say for most car washes I've been to. Octopus promises and delivers. Recommended -- good quality serivce and excellent attention to detail.
<review# 32,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/27/2012,5/19/2013,63,48,,6,3>Ohhh how I wish Roast wasn't nestled into the heart of college stuff. Because other than the location, I loved it! The name, ambiance and superb (read: incredible!) beer selection on tap and in bottle are a tad more sophisticated than your usual campus sandwich shop. But it works! Sometimes I want all that without getting fancy and spending a ton.Also, from my one experience, I didn't get any of the "new restaurant vibe" that most spankin'-new places emit like toxic radiation. This crew already seemed to have a good handle on their sandwiches and beers.If you'd like a casual but delicious dinner and a glorious craft beer on tap (i.e. New Belgium, Three Floyds, Founders), ignore your instincts and head out to State Street.
<review# 33,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/19/2012,5/18/2013,25,76,2,3,4>I went to The Free House on a date after my dad mentioned a good review he'd seen in a local newspaper.I loved the building right away. It must be in an old house or something, because the tables are located in what looks like a former dining or living room. We had to wait about 20 minutes to be seated (it was a Friday or Saturday night), so we sat at the bar for a little while first. I had a Wisco 75 cocktail. I thought it was great--very fruity and light. My boyfriend had a glass of Glenmorangie whiskey, a favorite of his.Once we were seated, it took several minutes for our server to arrive, which was a bit annoying. She was very polite and nice, though. My boyfriend had the buffalo chicken wrap, and his only complaint was that it could have been a bit spicier (but he has a high tolerance for spicy food; my taste buds are crazy-weak, and I thought the wrap was plenty spicy). I had the salmon sandwich, and it was delicious. The salmon (an actually manageable size, which seems rare for a salmon sandwich) was fully cooked but not overdone, the lettuce and tomato were fresh, the lemon dill sauce was delicious, and the bun really held up well.Overall, I loved The Free House, and I'll definitely be back again.
<review# 34,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2012,5/17/2013,40,91,2,4,2>Wow! Finally a great burger joint the Madison can be proud of!Excellent burger combinations that are tastefully put together, along with Fries that will have your mouth excited.Not to mention, this place is partly employee owned! Who would not want to eat here?The interior is decorated for a good Madison downtown vibe, and it is very easy to park and find. We parked in Lot 89 off MLK, and our parking was validated by DLUX!!!!!! Free parking!DLUX is the perfect atmosphere for everything from date night to just your basic social gathering spot. They even had some nice large TVs to watch football on. The menu was priced at a medium rate, average burger price looked to be around $8. I am very excited to go back for their Sunday breakfast sandwiches and bloody Mary bar.If I had to pick one place in Madison right now to tell someone about it would be DLUX. A+ for you.
<review# 35,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2013,5/16/2013,12,11,3,3,3>You may be thinking, "but this place is not in Madison."  It's ok, be not afraid.  It is a really short drive and is well worth it.  There is a lot of history in the building and the historic location has some fantastic ambiance.  So if you are not the type of person who enjoys history, there are at least some pretty things to look at.  Speaking of pretty things to look at, this would be a great place to bring a pretty thing of your own.  The dishes are pretty to look at too, but you will not want to for very long.  When the dishes come out of the kitchen you will admire the plating for just the briefest moment before  temptation overwhelms and you devour the dish.  The well balanced plates will make you want to come back again and again and explore the menu.  The recently added bar is a bonus and blends into the place nicely and looks great.  There will also be a summer concert series I'm looking forward to.  So for when you want to get away without getting away for too long Paoli Schoolhouse Cafe could be just what you need.
<review# 36,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/5/2013,5/15/2013,70,386,,3,5>I still love this place. Most recent April 2013 brought about the freshest clam chowder that hit the spot during the dreary-never-happens rainy-Seattle type weather that we kept having. Sorority sister loved loved her mini-chopped salad and her previous experiences were less than stellar the time she visited before. The Cuban isn't a first nor tenth choice but everything else at lunch works. FYI: the seafood mac & cheese is best when eaten while at the restaurant. It doesn't heat and eat well the next day. I'm serious.... take my word. It just doesn't congil/conjil well.
<review# 37,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2013,5/14/2013,25,12,3,4,2>Even thought this is a bake shop, I am writing about their tasty breakfast. The first time my boyfriend and I came upon this bakery, it was because we saw a rounder gentleman of the law enforcement variety hop out of his squad car and head in its direction. We knew he wasn't going to UPS, right next door, so we decided to follow him. He was a man on a mission (a food mission).We then learned that they had breakfast AND biscuits and gravy (my test food for any breakfast serving establishment). We had already eaten so we planned to go another day.When we did finally get back to the bakery, it was closed (Sunday), but we were committed to try it another day. The following Saturday, we showed up and I was ready for the some biscuits...but alas, they had run out. B&G happens to be one of there most popular dishes. I decided to then try their waffles (everybody loves waffles) and they were delicious and cooked perfectly. Some whipped cream, some strawberries, it made me feel like Leslie Knope from Parks and Recreation at JJ's Diner. The bf had the eggs Benedict (the special of the day) and the eggs were placed on one of their herb and cheese biscuits. I tried a bite and now I really I can't wait to try their B&G.I thought the environment was nice, since it had a hometown feel. I will be going again because the B&G are calling my name. And if they are sold out...anything else on the menu will be tasty, too.
<review# 38,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2013,5/13/2013,114,212,,6,4>Finally had a chance to make it over to the new location--pretty awesome!For what it's worth, I think they are, without a doubt, the best brewery in the entire state.Cool digs, free pool and great beer. They had a one-off on tap when I went--a very drinkable session beer which (I think) was classified as a Belgian pale ale. It was nice, had subtle hints of coriander and orange, and was totally delicious. Ballistic was the standout--you know, because IPAs are where they shine.I will absolutely go back for food. Until then--Ale Asylum's brews will continue to remain in my fridge.
<review# 39,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2013,5/12/2013,85,196,,3,2>For those of you who are looking for a polished restaurant setting, I would stick to the food cart.  Located in a former house, it is definitely a fixer upper.  A curtain hides the kitchen area.  Space heaters are used to heat the room next to where the food is ordered.  While the amenities are pretty bare bones, the previous reviews are are on point.  The falafel is some of the best in Madison.  Hot, crispy with the perfect blend of spices.  As well, their hot sauce is killer.  But when you don't have a few menu items (on a Monday at 11:45 am), you have to get knocked down a star.  While this may have been a one time thing, it is something that needs to be addressed for those customers (ie. Moi) who really have no other reason to cruise the Fordem Ave. corridor but to eat there.....
<review# 40,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,5/11/2013,165,312,,7,3>Had to doc Ichiban one star because they forgot the rice with my delivery order; however, I called the restaurant, they called the driver, and delivered the rice within 20 minutes.I ordered the green beans with garlic...amazing!!! Unfortunately, they were a little cold when they arrive but still delicious. I also had the eggplant with chili sauce. Spicy and delicious! I will definitely order from Ichiban again. Easy online ordering and quick delivery. Hopefully they won't forget the rice next time!
<review# 41,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,11/22/2013,19,100,2,5,2>I think CYC Fitness is part cult. But in a good way. Once you go, you can't stop. Something lulls you back in, even when your legs and glutes don't want you to. The first time I came here was with a Yelp Elite event. I left there covered in sweat and barely able to put one foot in front of the other on my walk back to my car. But then I realized how good I felt. So I went back. I bought a bunch of rides and now I go once a week. I have done classes at all times of the day,but I have to say that my favorite classes are the weekly theme rides on Wednesday or Thursday evenings. Each session has a similar set of rides (hills, jumps, runs, etc), but yet each class and each instructor are different. I have yet to have the same instructor twice and I have gone 4 more times. While it isn't easy to go to a 615 am class and then work all day, at the end of the day I know it was worth the ___ kicking i was given that morning. Why didn't I give it 5 stars? A wee-bit expensive. And I'm not a college kid on campus; I have a big-girl job that pays well and I still think its a smidge out of a reasonable price range. I'll keep going because hey, I need a good motivator every week or so.
<review# 42,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,11/21/2013,177,529,7,10,5>As one of the few Asians in Madison (let's be honest here, there aren't too many), I can definitely vouch for this place's authenticity (and let's be honest again, you wouldn't know even if I was lying or not).Anyways, Philippine cuisine is definitely something that takes a little getting used to. Because it's influenced by so many different cultures (Malay, Chinese, Spanish, Latin, etc...), you will find a variety of foods cooked in a variety of ways. They like to pair flavors up, especially something sweet with something salty or sour. There are a lot of meat-based dishes, with chicken, beef and fish as the main staples. They also like to cook with bananas, mangoes, coconuts and eggplants, so expect dishes including one of those. When it comes to display, they are definitely not subtle about it. Entire fish heads will be left out, along with various cow parts, so get ready for it. I could go into each individual dish we sampled, but that would take way too much work. I'd highly recommend giving this place a chance, but do come with an open mind (and taste buds).   This was definitely a unique experience for me, and I highly enjoyed my meal. The flavors aren't completely in line with what I prefer, but I'm glad I gave this place a chance.Plus, a buffet for ~$8 is a complete steal!
<review# 43,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2013,11/20/2013,1,9,,2,2>Love that place!All sorts of temperature, vibe and dificulty level classes for everyone. Great instructors too! Always very clean. Just wish it was a little less expensive.I had only once somewhat of a disappointing experience, when the music, which I normally don't hear, was getting under my skin and was preventing me from focusing on my practice - there must have been something about the frequency of the sound I think....Eventually, I approached the instructor and shared with her that the music was driving me nuts and asked if she could turn it down. She was very nice about it and without a comment, slowly lowered the volume and then switched to something else.I was able to enjoy the rest of my practice.
<review# 44,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/10/2013,11/19/2013,66,54,,4,4>Simple local breakfast place ran by high schoolers learning how to run a kitchen. Not a huge selection of food but definitely do a great job with what they serve. Had the omelet w choice of fillings. And tried the butternut squash soup. For the situation definitely worth coming to try the placeSupport local and support the idea
<review# 45,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/26/2013,11/18/2013,128,219,,6,3>So glad there's some good food to spruce up the heavily trafficked Whitney Way area.The atmosphere: Bar, booth, and table seating. There is a small party room if you have a large group.  TVs are located around the restaurant, although there are some areas with fewer TVs if you don't feel like watching sports.The beer:  Rotating menu of their beers berwed on-site, along with detailed descriptions and plenty of guest beers to choose fromThe food: Mostly American food; a wide variety of appetizers, sandwiches, and burgers, along with some full entree items and BBQ selections.  Also daily specials.  The Home Grown burger is my favorite; local beef patty with thin apple slices, arugula, cheddar, and vinegar reduction.  Sometimes you get crazy specials too, like pheasant casserole (good!)Sports watching:  The Great Dane is somewhat comprable, however, the Dane is crazy if you don't get there early.  On the other hand, you will be surrounded by other WI sports fans if you go to the Vintage, but you can actually get a seat!  During the rose bowl, they had free apple pie shots. The food here is a reliably good. Take a break here before getting on the Beltline or on a game day.
<review# 46,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/25/2013,11/17/2013,265,357,,6,10>So we were meeting a group of business types at 8pm on a Friday evening.. Our place is close enough so we decide to walk the length of Pinckney St. til we find ourselves at Merchant's door.  We saunter the way we do to the bar, and as I am walking I'm observing that the atmosphere is certainly geared toward the food crowd, with a bar the length of the entire restaurant and fully packed with patrons.  The hosts at the entrance were accommodating to our large group and even made space for us to socialize and talk, no pressure to sit and eat- they were lovely.  It was loud with voices echoing off of the walls, packed from the dinner crowd, and efficient with staff.  10pm rolled around and we found ourselves still fully immersed in Merchant. Staff came and got us and said the dinner crowd was done if we wanted to move up front and commence with the stories, the chatter, the networking, and laughter.  Soon tables were moved and a dance floor created, suddenly there was music being played - it was all encompassing.  Through the doors came a new type, the club type, the single, the sophisticated,  young and older all sitting at the bar chatting, along the windows and at tables lined by the wall, standing closely engaged in discussion and creating the mood - couples out dating and those there to hunt.  Can't say it's a common pattern for hubby and I to find ourselves in the thick of an atmosphere Merchant was asking us to partake in - can't say it's unfamiliar to us, either.  The music hit us and the beat got inside and suddenly we were the only two in the room. We weaved our way into the beat and lost ourselves in those moments.Afterwards we found ourselves hand in hand walking past the capital, the night was calm, alive with our laughter.Merchant provides.
<review# 47,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2013,11/16/2013,49,113,,10,3>Paris!! and right on Willy Street too!I went there for lunch and was extremely happy to find another place in Mad town where the people CARE about food. Treated myself to the hard cider -served in a petite carafe alongside a cute hand-thrown pottery mug/glass. a good start.Had the buckwheat crepe "Parisienne"- which was filled w/ ham, mushrooms, gruyere and bechamel sauce. It was PERFECT and came with a side salad of baby greens.This is a tiny place - only 8 tables- it is now open for some dinners - and DOES take credit cards.My only tiny negative comment is that they need to upgrade their silverware. They have the cheapest tinniest stuff and it actually detracted from the eating experience. Given the excellent food, the cute plates and handmade mug - the silverware did not fit. they would do fine to go get some funky mismatched heavier silver/stainless at St Vinnys.I will definitely go back to try more crepes and desserts. They apparently have an in-house pastry chef and I want to try everything! Confession: I have a weak spot for creme brulee.We will go back for dinner also, as they said they always have specials and will have Cassoulet and lamb this winter.It is not the cheapest cafe - but think of how much you save by not taking that plane trip to Paris!
<review# 48,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,11/15/2013,11,51,7,5,2>Go here if you have a group of friends and you don't plan on deconstructing Sartre's Being and Nothingness, or talking about anything serious. The acoustics in here are terrible and it seems like you can't hear yourself talk, but you CAN hear everyone else talking. If you're an eavesdropper, this is the place for you! Otherwise the environment is cozy and you feel like you can stay a while. I dig that.I had some of their roasted sweet potatoes and it's like I had never eaten sweet potatoes before. They were truly amazing. Also, Bob's Bad Breath Burger is pretty much the best burger I've ever eaten. I know that between the caramelized onions, cream cheese, green goddess dressing, tomatoes, and the actual burger itself, it sounds like a lot. Do it anyway, but maybe without the bun. I mean, gluten is bad for you, right?Servers, you are clever. You know every trick! It's frustrating when I want to get the check but I have to tip my hat to you for doing ALL the right things to avoid your tables, lol. You guys are awesome.
<review# 49,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,11/14/2013,33,65,1,10,7>Welcome to the Bolivarian Republic of awesome. For someone who took 8 years of Spanish between 7th grade and college, I knew embarrassingly little about Venezuela. So how did I learn a little more? How else but to order the pabellon, Venezuela's national dish? With the first bite of juicy, seasoned, roasted shredded beef, I am transported to Caracas and arrive on the beach, drinking a native Polar Beer. Gnawing that beef down with rice and black beans and fried plantain slices and an arepa (a crispy, doughy puff of heaven) and a couple empanadas, my Venezuelan journey is complete, and it cost less than $25. The space is spotless, the service friendly beyond belief, and the rest of the menu is begging for me to sample it. I cannot wait to go back.
<review# 50,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,11/13/2013,14,28,,3,2>This place is GOOD. My parents were in town for a weekend and we were looking for a new breakfast place, so we decided to wander down Willy St. to see what we found. Between the three of us we got 2 salads, a sandwich, and several pastries. The salads were very generous and my sandwich was large as well. The food was very flavorful and clearly fresh ingredient were used. My sandwich was on thicker bread which made it a little difficult to eat, but I suppose that's just a personal preference and it was still delicious. I thought the prices were acceptable for the quality of the food and portion sizes.  Overall, a good experience. I'll be back.
<review# 51,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/27/2014,10/31/2014,7,59,1,4,4>This was fun! They do breakfast items all day. You order at the counter and then they bring the food to your table. Really cute interior with a variety of kitchen sets. Another fun thing is the "blind special". There was a sign saying to ask about it, so I did. There is a new one everyday and if you don't ask what it is, it is $6.50, if you do have them tell you what it is it is $9 or $10, can't remember exactly. They will tell you if it is sweet or savory and vegetarian or not. I did it...that day it was pulled pork on a pretzel bun with caramelized onions and a perfectly fried egg on top. It was served with a side of spring mix lightly dressed. My dining companion had blueberry pancakes and she said they were good. They also ha d a Bloody Mary bar. They bring you a Mason jar filled with ice and then you mix up your Bloody Mary with a variety of toppings. We are for sure doing that next time! The people that waited on us were friendly and efficient, no complaints there. Will definitely go back to try something else.
<review# 52,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2014,10/30/2014,44,18,6,5,5>Hot damn.Can we just talk about how glad I am that Heritage started doing brunch?I've only had the Maple Lamb Sausage and Savory Toast but I can't deny that the fried poached eggs were everything I wanted that morning. The sausage, eggs, and bread to mop up those runny yolks was exactly what I needed. AKA fancy hangover food.Being the glutton that I am...not only have I indulged in Brunch, but the Late Night Menu is the bomb dot com as well. I used to come here for late night snacks and cocktails ALL THE TIME and let me just say to the bar staff, you guys rock my socks off. I have never had a bad night sitting up at the bar sipping on an Angostura Sour and noshing on the Tempura Spicy Tuna Roll with some friends.That roll calls to me. I have to say that thoughts of that roll, with its crispy pork belly, and fresh citrus layered on top of a tempura fried tuna roll has DEFINITELY been the cause of many of my late night voyages to Heritage.The menu is really rich and unctious. I would most definitely recommend Heritage to those seeking out a delicious and possibly coma inducing meal.
<review# 53,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2014,10/29/2014,10,38,2,8,5>So in short they are indeed their name; everything deep fried (oh so Wisconsin) and fabulous. They started out as doing dessert but now have cheese curds, and other savories which I am yet to try! I do try to stay clear of  this cart as much possible because eating healthy does not happen here. But then again if you are eating healthy you won't go to a place names Fried and Fabulous, so I am not really trying very hard :P At a recent trip to the farmers market my husband and I with two other people had  three things that we shared. Fried Cookie Cough- My FAVORITE!!  Fried Oreo: Awesome. Fried Twix: okay, but I am not a big twix fan so yeah it is probably awesome!!Because they fry everything fresh you do have to wait so that's the only con. But is it really? The service is usually awesome-really nice guys. Except for the farmers market they are out at Riley's  weekend late nights- I am not sure of their other locations but they have a Facebook page so it's easy enough to find. Pro Farmers Market Tip- If you are getting something from Stellas, and this place. You can tag team it with someone since they are across the street, and you don't wind up waiting in 2 lines!
<review# 54,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/13/2014,10/28/2014,182,198,3,11,6>After my recent visit to La Tagura, I am tempted to change their Yelp category to Soul Food.  While it doesn't fit the strict culinary definition of soul food, the food served here truly satisfies the soul of those who consume it.  And with each flavor-filled bite, it's obvious that the kitchen is putting their heart and soul into each dish they prepare.  I appreciate how the restaurant extracted so much flavor from the food despite working with the simplest of ingredients.  If you appreciate this style of cooking, it worth making the trip to Madison's north side.  The restaurant is a bare bones operation; don't expect pictures of the interior to show up in the next issue of Martha Stewart Living.  The interior is small with clean golden yellow walls, decorated with various Venezuelan knick-knacks.  A muted flat screen mounted on the wall shows a looping slideshow of pictures from Venezuela.  The standard issue table and chairs and the drop ceiling also fit right into the basic diner décor theme.  You order at the counter and they call out your number when your food is ready.  The owner asked us if we had eaten at La Taguara before.  When we said we had not, he enthusiastically provided us with a guided tour of the menu.  He pointed out the most popular items on the menu and deftly explained the differences between arepas, empanadas and pastelitos.   I decided to go with the pernil (roasted pork) arepa lunch special ($7.99), which included a choice of soup or salad.The soup option I selection, the sancocho, was a combination of vegetables, beef and chicken in a delightfully flavorful broth and helped awaken my taste buds for the rest of my meal.The arepa is a Venezuelan version of the pita sandwich.  The pocket bread is made from a white corn meal fried on the grilled behind the front counter.  While the exterior was not crispy, it still provided a pleasant textural contrast with the shredded pork interior.  Like the soup, the pork was expertly prepared, fork-tender and well seasoned.  It was a wee bit dry but that was quickly remedied by added the tantalizing guasacaca sauce to the sandwich.  If you have never tried this staggeringly tasty combination of avocado, fresh parsley and coriander, green bell pepper, onion, garlic, salt, oil and vinegar, get off your hindquarters and make a beeline to La Taguara.  It alone is worthy of a pilgrimage to this north side eatery.My dining companion, who grew up in Bolivia, was equally impressed with his order of Pabellon (black beans, white cheese, shredded beef, rice and deep fried sweet plantain and an arepa).I am not alone in my enthusiasm for the food at La Taguara.  There was a steady flow of customers streaming through the restaurant on a Tuesday lunch service.  Do yourself a favor and join them.
<review# 55,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,10/27/2014,209,840,6,10,6>I've been meaning to eat at Rossi's for *a long time*. Like, a really long time. But each time I go to visit, it's so full of kids playing video games, I usually turn around and walk out. Never once did it occur to me to place an order for carry-out... #ugh #ImnotasmartmanJennyIt was only after I met Ross (the owner) that it dawned on me to order carry-out. To make a long story short, and to not breach any confidences, Ross told me about the Oak Court Special, which is a favorite of a mutual friend of ours. Ross said, "Yeah, he calls-in to carry it out all of the time." Ding!Ok... so, it's Sunday night, 8:00pm, and I'm beat from riding my bike 130+ miles this weekend, camping for three days, and doing all of the clean-up work that goes along with a camping venture. I called Rossi's and ordered a 14" thin crust Oak Court Special. The guy on the phone up sold me to some Bosco sticks as well.The order was ready in under 15 minutes. I paid the friendly cashier, left a small tip (they were super fast) and raced home.+ Super thin crust - truly "cracker" thin+ Crust was crunchy on the edges, just slightly chewy nearer to the middle+ SQUARE CUT!!!! I love this option+ 14" size was closer to 16" - it was much larger than I expected it to be+ Oak court special features: bacon, jalapeños, and red onion. The bacon wasn't your typical "machine crumbled" low quality bacon - it was actual strips of small, thin cut bacon. Yummo. The onions were julienned (not diced) - yay! The jalapeños were fresh, but well cooked. The sauce was slightly acidic and bright, with just a little oregano kick. Cheese was light - not too much, not too little.All in all, the pizza was really quite good. I'd rate it a solid 3rd or 4th on my all-time favorites list, and that's saying something. Delicious.The Bosco sticks weren't my bag, baby. On paper, they sound great - mozzarella-stuffed breadsticks, brushed with garlic butter and dusted with parmesan and reggiano, with a side of marinara. They were *perfectly* cooked, but they just didn't agree with my taste buds. Not sure what it was... That's ok; the pizza more than made up for it.Great pizza, great staff, and tons of awesome games. I have to try to find a quieter time to visit so that I can actually enjoy some of those awesome games!
<review# 56,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,10/26/2014,87,148,2,5,4>I was introduced to Lakeside Street Coffee House a few months back by a co-worker. I read the reviews before arriving and learned they hosted a knitting night. I was sold. The location is great, there is a great view of the city from the outdoor patio of LSCH. It is well worth a trip just for that. The coffee is good and the iced tea is good. Those are the only two beverages I have had, but both were great. I typically get the iced tea of the day and have never been disappointed. I also usually get a scone, those too are good. While the food and drink have been good. It really is the location and ambience that do it for me. It is never crowded. Plenty of room to work alone or to meet a friend for coffee. It's welcoming, again, with a great view. There is a playground and swimming beach just out the back of the coffee house, and yes, parent's, you can take your coffee out to the beach. Just return the cup before you leave. :)
<review# 57,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,10/25/2014,23,53,1,5,5>I have to give big, BIG, BIG!! ups to Bradbury's. It's my most frequented spot for a semi-casual breakfast by far, and it isn't just because it's the closest spot to where I live. Here's a few reasons why I love this place:- Nearly all of their ingredients are local, and you can read the farm list right next to the entrance.- The space itself is great. The chairs and tables remind me of elementary school art class (in a good way!). All but one of the walls are windows, so it has a great view out to the street and the lake.- Although I don't drink it too much, they make a mean Chai, Latte, espresso, and cold press.- The menu changes frequently, so it very much rewards repeat visits. They're also accommodating toward any diet restrictions, as they can make gluten free crepes with buckwheat, and will happily replace meat/cheese from crepes with something else.- Above all else, the crepes are usually very good. I've had a couple that I didn't like so much (someone mentioned the pesto one being bland, which I can attest to), but more often than not, they're hits due to the sometimes eccentric/high quality ingredient choices.All of this makes me come to Bradbury's at least weekly, and i'll keep going there for likely all of time (that I live in Madison)!
<review# 58,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2014,10/24/2014,73,144,2,8,6>This place is a new gem in Madison and will definitely be added to my regular circuit. Be warned: they take both the food and the atmosphere very seriously (in a good way).We happened to stop by for opening night this evening and were really impressed with the space and the service. The restaurant is in one of the old buildings on the 100 block of state street and they kept a lot of the original features when they built the current business (the stained glass windows, plaster trusses, and hardwood floors are original features).One thing I was really impressed by was the waiter's knowledge of the menu and pronunciation of Italian dishes. He really helped us order the right items based on what we were hungry for.I got the mushroom gnocchi, which was out of this world. We also got the arancini as an appetizer and I got to try some of my friend's margherita pizza. The food is the real highlight of this place, as everything was delicious.The prices were high-end for Madison; our bill came out to about $45 per person with a round of drinks, an appetizer, and entrees.I felt a little under dressed as most of the staff were wearing fancier clothes and the managers were donned in suits. I would say the dress code is dressy casual.Caitlin, resident sommelier of Fresco, stopped by to answer some of our questions about the building and tell us about their opening. She was quite knowledgeable and very friendly, offering her opinion of our dinner options.I absolutely loved the place and will be taking friends and family back presto.
<review# 59,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/14/2014,10/23/2014,11,94,1,4,4>Definitely an interesting Brunch spot.  Being tucked away in a hotel I didn't know what to expect, especially given that there was the hotel's pleasant looking breakfast lounge next door, but Food Fight has another winner on their hands here.  My wife and I went during peak brunch hours and it was busy with a variety of demographics, with everyone having a good time and lots of smiling faces.  We sat at the bar due to a long wait for a table, and it paid off because our bartenders were great (more on this in a bit).  We tried the bloody mary which I thought tasted good and unique, but more of the classy variety rather than food buffet.Then I saw the donuts.  Boy they are a marvelous site.  I'm not really a donut person, but these looked delicious and I immediately ordered one before my concious could say otherwise.  It was really really good, chocolate with sprinkled nuts, and you could tell it was freshly prepared that morning.  They have quite a few options, so absolutely indulge before your meal.  It's not greenbush level, but still a taste-tay treat.  World Cup Soccer was on TV at the bar, with just enough volume to hear and have conversation.  Job well done, an easy but often overlooked mission to accomplish.For our entrees we ordered the Chicken and Biscuit with Gravy and the Chilaquiles.  The former was nice and crumbly with a loveable gravy to dip in that wakes up your tastebuds nicely.  Sadly, the Chilaquiles had a really poor taste, almost like an overdone Mole sauce that was over everything.  My wife really didn't like it, and I had a bite and thought the same.  Both of us love Mexican food but this was just too much neo-fusion try-hard for us.Everyone hates to return a dish.  I rarely have ever done it, with the last time being about 3 years ago at Ha Long Bay which caused a manager to rudely berate us, try and charge us for two meals, and make a scene in the restaurant.  Mind you this is with a plate with literally one bite taken out of it.  Anyways, Bassett Street Brunch Club's bartender was a saint and deserves a medal for how she handled the situation.  "No problem", all smiles (genuine), friendly conversation, quickly swapped it out for a fresh dish (the spring break diet which was somewhat healthier and absolutely amazing), didn't charge us for EITHER meal, and offered my wife a free drink.  THAT is how you save a bad situation, get a huge tip, and win a customer over.  Congratulations, we will be back again, A+.Prices in general are reasonable, and they have a good menu selection.  The parking ramp is kind of a nightmare and beware of long waits, but otherwise this is worth putting on your shortlist.
<review# 60,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/4/2014,10/22/2014,14,28,1,4,4>My favorite breakfast/brunch spot in Madison. Very tasty options and good brunch (read: alcoholic) drinks, too. I like the French toast, or breakfast sandwich if I'm in the mood for savory. Always a bustling place but it doesn't take long to get seated after you order. It can feel a little chaotic when you first walk in but the staff manages it well. It's a little pricey but worth it in my opinion. Sitting outside on a farmers market day is awesome! If it's a nice day, definitely try to get a spot outside.
<review# 61,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/22/2014,8/12/2014,13,12,1,3,3>I can't even begin to count the number of times my husband or I have said, "We should try La Brioche one of these days." Well, we finally did it. We had friends in town for the weekend and decided a bunch at La Brioche would be a great way to kick off a Saturday. The parking lot was packed when we got there at 10am, which led me to think it would be busy in the restaurant, but I'd say the place was 1/2-3/4 full (I think people had used the parking lot for a swim meet next door). There were tables available outside and it was a gorgeous morning so we sat outside (it was also pretty loud inside, lots of people talking and loud music, which I personally don't enjoy when dining with friends). Our waitress was polite and friendly. There are standard coffee choices (black, latte, mocha) in addition to a few fancier things (Miel, Matcha Latte, etc). Since it was brunch, that was the menu we worked with. There are simply too many choices (I kinda wish it had been a bit paired down), but I went with the Vanilla Challah French Toast with bananas and toasted pecans. It was THE BEST DECISION EVER! The bread was warm and custardy, and while they served it with a side of maple syrup - there was no need to add to my impending diabetic coma. My husband had the eggs benedict which did not disappoint. A third member of our group tried the daily quiche (there's a meat and a veggie option) which was Bacon Cheeseburger this particular morning. All said, we had a beautiful brunch with delicious food, drink, and company. Prices are a bit higher, but honestly not horrible. I wouldn't spend this much on a weekly basis, but once a month isn't out of the question. The last thing I really liked was a sign on the door and a listing on the menu that asked patrons to refrain from using cell phones and laptops in the restaurant. While I'm sure that will ruffle a few coffee shop regulars, I found it refreshing to be away from technology if only for an hour.
<review# 62,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,8/11/2014,11,94,4,7,4>Chicken Lips is to die for.  Yes, you heard me.This is a rare joint, one of those off the beaten path places that is a journey to get to and has a story to precede it.  I kept getting descriptions from people such as "some dude's crazy house" or "TOTAL DIVE" to "I heard the wings were incredible"Well, after weeks of anticipation (and a little concern), I finally arrived at what my wife and I lovingly call "the lip" a few months ago.  I've been back several times since, and I think the end result is a mix of all the stories, but absolutely for the best.First, it is a converted house.  It is a dive.  It is on a highway out in the middle of the cornfields of Sun Prairie.  But they have a bar.  They have TVs.  The TVs have the game on.And most importantly, they have wings that will send you to heaven and back, make you go home and want to come back tomorrow.  The original sauce on the wings is a crack addiction if I've ever seen one, and if you can handle the spice of that and want some more, you can order just about infinite levels of sexy (habenero powder if I remember correctly).  Yes, the spicier wings are called "Extra Sexy".  The waffle fries with the original seasoning are a party in your mouth, and I've heard good things about the chips which I have yet to try.  But let us not forget the holy ingredient; the blue cheese.  Their blue cheese should come with a warning label.  Forgive me, as I have a bias since I already am a big blue cheese and wings fan, but this blue cheese is the real deal, the thrilla from manilla, you will order it with your meal and your sides, and you will be scraping the cup with said sides.Alright, drama over.  Chicken Lips is awesome, if you like wings and are capable of going to a dive bar with no frills for them, here you will find a great time.  Prices are fine, service is friendly (the owner is sometimes around and is always cool beans), and heck make a lil' adventure out of it.  Just remember to bring cash, as they do not accept cards.  Sorry got to go, I'm walking out the door right now for a return visit. . .
<review# 63,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,8/10/2014,8,40,4,2,2>My family came here for dinner on a Thursday night.  Was a little surprised when we arrived about 6:30pm, not many people were in the place. It's a small place, so I thought that it would fill up quickly. All I have to say is PBR battered  FISH TACOS!  They are AMAZING, it's one of their specials for Thursday night - you won't be disappointed. We also ordered several appetizers Goat Cheese Curds aka best thing you could ever fry, the alligator bites (meh),and  blue cheese and bacon fries (yummy!). My brother in law ordered the Tipsy burger, said that it was good but felt that the burgers from the Old Fashioned or Dotty's are better. Will definitely dine here again.
<review# 64,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2014,8/9/2014,1,9,1,3,2>The Hungarian Goulash is one of the most comforting and delicious bowls of food in the city.The most recent time that I went here,my boyfriend ordered a bistro steak special that they had on the board, and it was outstanding. It came with the most amazing mashed potatoes and beet greens.The service is always great, the drinks are always strong. There is nothing negative that I can say about this place.On a weird random note, I have always been impressed at how all of their books and nick-nacks used to decorate the dining room and bar are never dusty. This may seem trivial, but it just shows me how much pride they take in their restaurant to keep it perfectly clean.
<review# 65,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,8/8/2014,14,30,2,7,3>CROWDED! This place is always crowded on the weekends (a good thing!) but the space is not conducive for huge crowds. I am always pushing my way down the center to find a place where I can hopefully weasel my way towards the bar to grab a drink. Regardless of this, I love coming here! It's a great place to meet friends and have a beer. I've been both on the weeknights and weekends. Boyfriend and I come here during the week to sit at the bar and grab a beer. It's a great place to hang out. They have fun, throwback music during the week, and it's oftentimes very easy to get some couch seating. During the weekend, I often come here to meet friends. If you're lucky, you can snag some couch seating, which is oh so fun! Reminds me of having bottle service in Vegas for some reason. It's very cozy and a great place to hang out, talk, and drink. I probably wouldn't end my night here. It's definitely the kind of place to start the night and then head up or down State. Good vibes here, too. Love the lighting-- not too dark, not too bright! And the tree-- adore the tree! It gives off such a unique, fun ambiance. Do not believe people who tell you it is real. It's not. ;)They also have a great tap list of beers I've never heard of, which I love. I am always down to try a new beer, so this is the place to do it. Bartenders are very knowledgable about the taps, so I generally will say that I like Beer X and get a recommendation off that.
<review# 66,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2014,8/7/2014,209,840,7,10,11>I joined a friend/co-worker here for a few brews and dinner on Monday, April 7 - shortly after their "soft opening" weekend.+ Shockingly well-prepared, despite having just opened+ Beautiful interior - great lighting, loved the colors and the earthy materials+ Very nice tap beer list - great variety and depth+ Kudos for serving in proper glassware based on style+ Beers were all very reasonably priced+ Service was *superb* - absolutely outstanding+ Perfectly attentive without being obnoxious or absent+ Very friendly and helpful+ Great food+ Cheese curds claim to be house made, but I'd swear they were the "pub variety"; regardless, they were perfectly cooked+ Patty melt was served at a *perfect* medium rare (per request) and was OUTSTANDING+ Sweet potato fries were a $1.50 up charge, and appeared to be from the freezer bag, but they were plentiful and perfectly cooked, so they get a "+" rather than a "-" or a "meh"+ Great job at blending background music with the NCAA championship game - nothing was too loud or too quiet; TVs were placed so that you could see them without them being "in your face"All things considered, this is a great little place and a very welcomed addition to this part of town. In full disclosure, I haven't been a big fan of their sister establishment, The Free House Pub... but I did truly enjoy The Flying Hound. I wish them well, and thank them for the excellent experience tonight. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 67,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2014,8/6/2014,19,59,2,5,3>Had dinner for the first time at Merchant during Restaurant Week. My date ordered cheese curds and I had the brown sugar bacon brussels sprouts. The cheese curds are fried in a light crisp batter, which makes them awesome. Even the buttermilk ranch they make tastes better than others. The brussels sprouts had the perfect crunch, and I enjoyed the contrast of the bacon and brown sugar. For our entree I ordered the baseball cut NY strip steak, medium rare. The steak had a peppered seasoning and was cooked to my liking. Fries were good and so was the light arugula salad. I was most impressed with my friend's pork shank entree. The pork shank was incredibly tender. It just melted in your mouth. You could tell the flavor absorbed well into the meat because every bite you had was full of flavor. For dessert we both ordered the bread pudding and that was tasty too. I enjoyed the nutmeg and sea salt flavors. I will be coming back during Restaurant week again for their lunch items!
<review# 68,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2014,8/5/2014,70,19,7,3,5>My daily drive through experience:- Exchange witty banter with the  barista at the window :)- Order, "the usual"- Check in on yelp!- Get my Cargo Coffee Card punched. I'm almost to my next free drink!- Pull forward to the next window- Receive and drive away with delicious, 3-shot Americano- Pat myself on the back for not ordering 1000 carbs of moist, delicious, chocolate chip pumpkin breadOther things I could probably do while in the drive through if I was so inclined:- Log onto the reliable wifi network- Probably plug something into an electrical outlet. I wouldn't be surprised if they had one in the drive through window.
<review# 69,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2014,8/4/2014,13,37,,4,3>I freakin' love Tex Tubbs. Please note: this is not a Mexican restaurant. There's not much authentically Mexican about their dishes...but they don't claim for there to be. This is Tex-Mex, and damn good Tex-Mex at that.Get the taco platter, always. My favorites are the Avocado Frito (because avocado is absolutely at its best when fried) and the El Pastor & Pineapple. Their rice & beans are great, but the chipotle sweet potato fries with complementing mayo are where its at.Go on Tuesdays when they have all-day happy hour. Their margaritas are amaaaaaaaaaazing...and cheap during happy hour!
<review# 70,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2014,8/3/2014,182,198,1,9,8>Grampa, you've won me over.  While we had a tough go of it on my first visit, on my three subsequent interactions, you have knocked it out of the park.  I experienced the Brassacre pizza twice during the 2014 March Madness #PizzaBracket extravaganza and this pizza met, nay, exceeded my lofty expectations.  Grampa's definitely has addressed the issues with the crust that vexed me during my initial visit.  The pizza crust on the Brassacre was truly special, with the proper proportions of bite and chew and SERIOUS flavor.   The toppings were equally impressive; the caramelized exterior on the brussels sprouts gave the pizza a hint of sweetness to balance the smoky, slightly salted righteousness that came with the perfectly rendered Nueske's bacon.  One bite and I knew I was in the presence of pizza perfection.  The Goomba and Jabroni pizzas are also culinary wonders.  Despite the service hiccups experienced during my first visit, the quality of the pizzas certainly warrants a five star rating.
<review# 71,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/5/2014,9/1/2014,128,219,4,6,7>Sometimes this stretch of Regent street can feel pretty depressing....but there is light in the darkness!  Indie Coffee!  The baristas are friendly and you can feel comfortable either studying or hanging out.  The waffles are very reasonably priced, and made fresh to order.  The red and white waffle features a house made  You can also put an extra spring in your step by adding an alcoholic beverage to your order.Look for the Little Library outside the door and pop in!
<review# 72,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/22/2014,8/31/2014,9,69,1,4,5>We love this place!!! Great beer and speciality drinks to choose from. We enjoy the Wisconsin theme throughout the restaurant, bar, and menu. The menus have a lot of options to pick from. One if my go to favorites is their BBQ Chicken Wrap that's in a spinach wrap. The last time we dined here I upgraded my side to the cheese curds and my boyfriend to the monkey fries, both were amazing. The guys also enjoy their burgers (the black and blue burger and the Bucky badger burger). I did try their BBQ pulled pork sandwich which was not for me and I wouldn't try again. The BBQ sauce wasn't my favorite, it was a little to spicy. I tend to prefer a honey BBQ sauce. But we do love it here and recommend it strongly.
<review# 73,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/30/2014,6,23,1,2,3>Let me start off by saying that you get what you pay for at this facility. Are there cheaper places? Absolutely. However, one really neat thing about this gym is that this reward loyalty- if you stay with them, your rate is locked in and will never change unless you add or upgrade to it. They are constantly building on to it. In fact, we joined in May and they are just now finishing up another addition.  They have a huge selection of group classes at all different times.  They have multiple polls, indoor and out. And let's not forget the water park! Who doesn't love that? Plus, it gives me something fun to do when I babysit. :)The equipment is all in great shape and veg updated.  All Of the cardio equipment has a personal tv.  They play backgroundMusic, but not loudly so you can actually hear your own.  I love that this have an indoor track, it's a must for me as I get bored on treadmills.  The Locker rooms and showers are nice.  The staff is always friendly.  For those with kids, they have a daycare for while they workout.  Also, they have a bar/restaurant that serves good food.  So far I've had protein shakes and a salad, all of which were good.
<review# 74,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2014,8/29/2014,1,19,,2,2>Woooooow - some of the best food I've had, and we had most the menu!Prime rib sliders were money, as were the Thai chicken sliders.  The nachos were fantastic and my friends ate every last bit of their tuna tartare and fish tacos.  We had a "couple" Wisco mules and those have become my summer drink.Service was very attentive and informative, prices were good.  I just wish one didn't have to drive so far from Madison to get there :(  Can't wait to go back, though!
<review# 75,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,8/28/2014,30,31,2,1,3>Prior to writing this review I had been to Jacs before and wasn't impressed. It was when I was younger, cheaper and less patient.  So I took the girlfriend there on a Tuesday Date Night to see what's crackin these days on Monroe St.We rolled in at 7pm and every table was spoken for except one, so we were seated right away. Sweeeeet. We each had a craft cocktail with different house infused vodkas.  Her's was a black tea infused vodka with lemoncella, mine a raspberry infused vodka with lemonade and fresh raspberries. Both were great. Mine was better.My girlfriend had of the mussels with frites. She was smart and asked for all 4 sauces for the frites- sage aioli, BBQ, hot aioli and some other aioli. Her lemon butter Chardonnay mussels were good. Nothing to write home about, but good. I didn't know what to order so I asked the waitress what she is going to eat tonight and without hesitation she said the bourbon burger. That made up my mind. The bourbon burger was a treat. The combination of sweet bourbon aioli with salty bacon and melted muenster cheese was impressive. The flavorful grass fed beef was cooked perfectly to medium rare. Oh it was awesome. I rarely order the same thing twice at a restaurant but I will crave one of these on a hungover Sunday, promise.
<review# 76,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2014,8/27/2014,6,73,,3,2>We are regulars at Eno Vino. The bar serves late and I generally perfecto sit in the bar over the restaurant proper. This is a tapas style restaurant with various nightly specials, including a nightly risotto special. I've never had a bad risotto and the Thai Flatbread Pizza is always good. The Pork Belly Rocks. On our bust the other night we had the tuna tacos, Thai Pizza, and mixed green salad. Great as usual. Also, be sure to check out the specialty cocktails - consistent and well crafted.
<review# 77,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/6/2014,8/26/2014,2,23,,1,2>I really enjoy the food at Tempest. The oysters and scallops are delicious. The drink menu is filled with tasty concoctions. I loved the complementary pickled vegetables served before our meal when we have eaten there. Service was generally in the not remarkable to pretty good range. However, I went for happy hour (which is really a great deal) and had a fairly negative experience there. Erin, our server, seemed not only not pleased to be there , but actively was openly irritated with us. We were patient and only made simple requests and did not complain about any of the food. She acted annoyed while we asked for an extra chair, needed split checks between three couples and ordered half a dozen more oysters. I was really disappointed in this level of establishment. I hope it improves.
<review# 78,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2014,8/25/2014,8,103,1,3,3>A few of us hit Smoky Jon's for lunch today.  It was insisted that it's the best BBQ in Madison, so I was game to try it.The place has character - you order at a window and go take a seat.  They bring the food out to you.  Nothing fancy - paper plates, styrofoam cups, etc.I got a chopped smoked pork sandwich with coleslaw and french fries.  I snarfed a fry to start.  Not very hot... "warm", I'd say. But tasty - salty.  Could have been better if fresh, but they'll do.  The coleslaw was the creamiest I've ever had.  The flavor wasn't strong, but it was okay.  Could have used a little salt and pepper - neither to be found.  The pork was tasty - definitely smokey.  The side of sauce made it, however.  Sweet, tangy, spicy.  While I was eating it, I thought "yeah, it's okay - but I wouldn't rave about it".  Later, however, thinking back on the meal, I thought, "you know, that was REALLY good!"While it doesn't best the BBQ I've had in Memphis, it certainly cuts itself from the same cloth. I'd have it again.  I think my meal was around $9 (no drink - had a water).  I was full, and content.  Mission accomplished!My coworker had some ribs, and they looked very good - not too fatty, cooked well.  I would like to go back and try them sometime!Tip:  Limited seating, so show up early (or late!)
<review# 79,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/8/2014,8/24/2014,16,51,,4,5>I've only been to Hybrid once, but it was a great experience and I will be back again.Two employees were the reason for my great experience. The first was Tami, who works the front desk. She was professional, polite, welcoming, and even gave me a tour of the salon since it was my first time. Awesome job! I felt like a welcomed guest and it really got me in the right mindset to be pampered. The other employee was Ivana. She actually LISTENED to me when I said I didn't want a drastic change. She didn't try to sneak it in anyway (which has happened to me at other salons before). I am sure it was a boring appointment, but she obviously values her clients' satisfaction above all else. It was awesome. Plus, she tried out a new styling technique when we were done, which was a blast.  Also, the head and neck massage you get when you have your shampoo is reason enough to check out Hybrid. HEAVEN. Overall, my experience was pleasant and I loved my haircut. One negative point: they can be a bit pushy with trying to sell products, but then, most salons are. Give Hybrid a shot, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 80,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/7/2014,8/23/2014,6,33,3,3,2>I tried not to love the Dane. Really, I did. When you say you're moving to Madison, everyone immediately gushes that you have to go to the Great Dane. So of course, we went. I sat down, immediately sure that I was going to be disappointed in the bar food. Surely, the beer will be sub-par as well.Foiled again, as Dastardly would say. The craft beer, brewed by the Dane herself, is fantastic. The German Pilsner in particular is one of the best I've ever had. I could drink a gallon of it on a hot day. The food, much of it classic Midwest comfort food, hits the spot and leaves you wanting more. When we don't feel like going downtown, we hit up the Fitchburg location, which is equally fantastic. If you're just visiting, make it a priority to stop here. If you're a local, you're either already a fan or a dirty, dirty liar.
<review# 81,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,5/31/2013,31,64,,5,4>I have been to Dexter's quite a few times now, usually for their specialty tappings or to watch a football game. Atmosphere - I would classify Dexter's as hole-in-the-wall hipster-esque classic Wisconsin bar. It will appeal to people who just want to go to a local pub and crack open a Hamm's. It will also appeal to people who want an unassuming space to quaff some delicious craft beer. It isn't fancy, but it is roomy. My one complaint is that it is always chilly. I usually keep my coat on or I freeze. Food - The food at Dexter's is pretty good. It is slightly amped up pub food. It is most certainly better than your standard pub fare. They have some yummy options for spicy, heart-clogging sandwiches that my husband loves. I like the Fajita salad and pulled pork sandwich. Beer -  Fantastic. This is real the reason to go to Dexters. They have rotating taps of featured beer. They are attentive to trends in craft brewing and will often have something that is new and difficult to find. Their bartenders are usually knowledgeable about the beer, and they know how to pour a hefeweizen correctly. It is not the best deal you will find in town, but they will also have pours other places don't get. Service - Also pretty good. I have no complaints about the staff here. They are attentive without being annoying. They also know what they are talking about which is refreshing. As a plus, in the warmer months, they have an outdoor space you can play volleyball. Or you can join their volleyball league.
<review# 82,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/3/2013,5/30/2013,15,21,,10,5>My friends and I discovered this great retro arcade and pizzeria place last night. FYI, they have moved down the road to this 4503 Monona Drive address, in a little cluster of shops. Don't go to the 100 Frost Woods address, as it is now a Salad Creations.Oh my goodness, I fell in love immediately. The space is cozy, the clientele is hip, and it's a cheerful buzz of retro game noise and folks making pizza. I split a 14 inch pepperoni with a friend, and it was just enough for the both of us. When you order, they ask if you want your pizza cut into squares or slices, which is a nice touch. (Squares for me.) The pizza turned out to be a thin crust with plenty of cheese, a bright tomato sauce, and sprinkles of oregano to top it off. It's pretty addictive. I also ordered some Bosco sticks, and while the cheese was a little cool, they satisfied my cheesy breadstick requirements. You can't go wrong with a scoop of Chocolate Shoppe ice cream for dessert. However, the counter service was pretty brusque, which was off-putting.There's an excellent selection of arcade games, and no worries, there's a change machine for your $1 and $5 bills. Most of the arcade games are only 25 or 50 cents, so you can have a lot of fun on a little money. Here's just a sampling of the original arcade games I saw:Pacman Ms. PacmanQbertBurger TimeDonkey KongSuper MarioRampageJoustStreet FighterPinball machines (including Dr. Who!)PaperboyThe pinball machines are in the black light room, which is a lot of fun. I truly enjoyed this place. It's a fun retro arcade with great prices and delicious pizza.
<review# 83,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,5/28/2013,10,14,5,5,6>I can't possibly say enough good things about Los Gemelos! Not only do they have a fantastic variety of authentic (topped with only cilantro and onion) tacos, but the prices are incredibly cheap. My go-to meal is two campechano tacos and a side of beans. If you've never had these tacos before, you must try them! The filling is a mixture of spicy chorizo sausage with crispy steak pieces. They are so good that I can't help but crave them constantly. Steak tacos are also a great choice! With its great choice of authentic Mexican dishes and low prices, Los Gemelos is an amazing choice whenever you are close to the downtown area!
<review# 84,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/17/2012,5/27/2013,4,16,,1,1>Great Arabic food.  Good service and delicious food. I especially like the hummus and falafel. The location is a nondescript strip mall on Odana, which is nice enough instead but not  that spectacular. I admit that I'm biased towards Middle Eastern food.
<review# 85,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2013,5/26/2013,10,10,3,3,2>The fish fry here is absolutely delicious! They recently started to offer beer battered fish fry and it has even more flavor to it making it even more irresistible. The salad bar that comes with is very good as well. The croutons for the salad literally melt in your mouth and the salad ingredients are fresh! I have to say my favorite salad bar soup from here is their potato soup for sure!The bartenders are very friendly and are willing to actually speak to you as they get your order and joke around with you. The wait staff are also amazing, the waitress I had every time I've gone there remembers my boyfriend and I and we go only about once a month! Also, although packed, the wait time is always short and it has great atmosphere!
<review# 86,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2013,5/25/2013,65,61,,7,3>I love the Jenny so much. For such a tiny store, it is amazing how many needs they can fulfill.The butcher counter is astounding for a neighborhood grocery, but perhaps more impressive is the craft beer selection. Kudos for an impressive and very reasonably price wine and cheese selection! The only area the Jenny has to improve on is their produce. The veggies are not generally very fresh looking and they continue to keep their potatoes too close to their onions which leads to the onions rotting very quickly.THe produce notwithstanding, I'm lucky to have a neighborhood market like the Jenny.
<review# 87,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/18/2013,5/24/2013,20,49,,5,4>Perfect coffee shop.  The fact that they make sandwiches and waffles just sweetens the deal.  Do them a favor and pay with cash!You have a mix of people sittin' on laptops and people meeting for conversation.  Everyone is just there to relax and have a good time.  They pull a mean shot.
<review# 88,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/6/2013,5/23/2013,209,840,,3,2>Heads-up Madison - Twigs has moved to Hilldale, effective around the first of the year.Not to worry; it's still the same awesome store with super friendly staff and a wide variety of unique accessories, clothing, and gifts (geared toward the gals). Guys, take note - if you're looking for something cool to get your favorite girl, swing through this place and don't be intimidated. They'll take good care of you, offer suggestions, gift-wrap your item(s), and will do it quickly and with a genuine smile.I'm a fan, even if I do have a Y chromosome.5-stars as always!
<review# 89,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2013,5/22/2013,266,372,,5,4>Baker's is easy to miss amongst the hustle and bustle of State street, but my friend and I wandered in on St. Patty's day because the cupcake display in the window caught my eye.I was looking to satisfy my sweet tooth after lunch, and the Irish bomb cupcakes looked like the perfect solution. The frosting on the cupcake was killer. At first glance, the cupcakes weren't all that impressive, but WOW - the frosting really was phenomenal. I could eat tubs of that stuff, although I wonder if that would be enough coffee liqueur to keep me...amped up for a while. Do you think if I begged enough, they would make the Irish bomb cupcake a permanent addition to their daily bakery batch?? If you are looking for some cheap bakery goodness, check out their shelf of day-old breads. Between $1-2 a pop. Really can't be beat! I sprinkled some water on the baguette I bought, popped it in the oven, and it tasted - and smelled - freshly baked. Yummmm. (:
<review# 90,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2013,5/21/2013,147,332,,3,2>They were out of Yak so I had the lamb stew. Very pleasant. S.U. had the cauliflower stew, also very pleasant. Another place just down State St. is run by the same family and seems a bit more carnocentric. Service was nice, cash only. I might check out the other spot before I return but in toto, dinner was quite nice and pleasant and I would recommend it.
<review# 91,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2012,11/6/2012,18,88,2,2,3>I couldn't be more happy.  I went in there with a vague idea of what I wanted, and I do mean vague.  I walked out of there very happy!  Olivia is awesome!  She did exactly what I wanted, when I wasn't even sure what I wanted!  I will be returning.
<review# 92,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2012,11/5/2012,11,13,,5,2>Both my husband and I grew up in the restaurant industry. We are very critical of where and what we eat. This is my first, and will probably by my only, 5 star rating. We have been to Brocach many times. Each time we are impressed with the food and the service. We generally go to dinner on a Friday, Saturday, or Sunday evening around 7-8pm. We've always been greeted and seated right away. The salmon is unbelievably good. Most places dress salmon up with a sauce because it can be a fickle fish to prepare. it can be underdone, or overdone. The Broach's salmon was prepared perfectly! They are so confident in their ability to cook a good salmon, that it is served minus a sauce. Superb all around. My last meal was the Berkshire Porkchop. I took one bite and had a religious experience. Definitely recommended!Besides the food, the service is great. Management has always been present and our servers have always been exceptionally knowledgeable and polite. In fact, our server last night, Zack, actually ASKED if he could take our plates when we  were finished. That is a level of politeness rarely found in these days of 'feed 'em and get 'em outta here' mentality. We never found ourselves waiting for a server, our food was served quickly, efficiently, and was excellent. The management and servers are warm and inviting. Because of the prices, this is often a once month or every other month splurge for us. But the cost is worth how delicious the food is!
<review# 93,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,11/4/2012,36,172,1,3,1>I don't think I've ever had a meal at Hubbard that I haven't enjoyed. We tend to stop in here on lazy Sundays when we pathetically can't be parted with our pj's because they do a yummy brunch quiche special till 11:30 or 12:00.I recently had the Huevos Rancheros on one of my better "early" mornings, and it was FANTASTIC. Crunchy corn tortillas, filling black beans, eggs your way, and cheese--because this IS Wisconsin. Good salsa verde with a kick on the side. I was, however, deeply disappointed in the brownie i had them bag up for me, though. It was dry, and not rich. I didn't even finish it. I DIDN'T FINISH A BROWNIE.Guess I gotta stick to the pie!
<review# 94,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/28/2012,11/3/2012,19,133,,7,2>Having been to their original location in Minneapolis (Tea Garden) I had high expectations of this place, and I was not disappointed. I've visited the State Street location three times now; once after a late night game of poker, once for a tea tasting event, and once this weekend when I needed my bubble tea fix.The Steepery features a large selection of loose leaf teas as well as drinks (shakes, coolers, etc.) that you can customize with tapioca pearls or fruit jelly. The times I've been there I've ordered the taro chai tea (hot), royal tea, and thai tea with tapioca pearls. All of them tasted good, and the tapioca was cooked just right, not too soft and not too hard.Service was pretty fast both times I went there and the staff are very friendly. Also, it is a nice place to just hang out away from the cold. I do think the layout could be improved, however. The little enclave with the yellow chair is a bit weird and out of place and the products aren't displayed well.Summary:Interesting drinks, nice staff, and good place to just chill during the day.
<review# 95,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/29/2012,11/2/2012,39,38,,7,4>I'm going to sum up every review that's been written about Lombardino's: it's ridiculously good. If you're looking for a place for a romantic dinner date with great food, knowledgeable service, and a cozy atmosphere, this is it. For those (like me) who aren't very fancy, here's how to get the most out of your Lombardino's experience: 1) Make a reservation via Open Table (or call). This isn't a snooty place, but it is small and there's no real waiting area. Make a reservation and you'll be fine.2) Look nice but don't overdo it. Nobody there is in an evening gown. But they also aren't wearing sweat pants.3) Order a bottle of wine. If you like reds, my suggestion is the Montepulciano d'Abruzzo. You'll thank me.4) Order an appetizer. My suggestion is the Antipasta Misti, essentially a meat and cheese tray with toasted bread and a pear spread. 5) Order pasta. The pizza is good but the pasta is fantastic. Ask your server what they recommend, they know their stuff. You can order half of one pasta and half of another. 6) Order dessert. You can't go wrong with cannoli or tiramisu. 7) Take your time. It's not weird for dinner to take 2-3 hours. For a party of 4 (and we ordered everything from wine to dessert), our bill was about $130. Worth every penny.
<review# 96,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/14/2012,11/1/2012,132,340,,7,4>When you need a fried food fix, come here.  It is amazing.  I had a fried brownie.  It was the perfect amount of junk food/sweet tooth satisfaction.  Seriously, amazing.  The owner was outside talking to us about the menu and it was nice to have a friendly person introduce us to this truck.I found out about this from a friend and I have been following them on facebook.  They have a special every night.  If you like it, one person gets the special for free.  The night we went it was the Reese's Sticks.  My husband had one and he LOVED it.  I tried the Fried Oreo but it was nothing compared to the brownie.They carry Sassy Cow milk.  Drink it, love it.  It is Sassy Cow.  I love Sassy Cow and have for quite some time.  It is hard to find Sassy Cow in Madison because the dairy is outside the city.  So go to this food truck.  It is perfect when you need a little cheat because it will satisfy your sweet tooth.Not to mention, supporting a food truck is good karma.  They are a friendly, quality business.  They also take cards!!! No cash needed.
<review# 97,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/18/2012,10/31/2012,20,49,3,6,4>Yum.  We went with a group of eight people on a Tuesday night to try out this place in leiu of going to trivia.  Couldn't have been happier.  The server was very kind and took her time to explain the menu, especially the specials.  I ended up having the spicy tomato soup (yumyum!), along with a thin-crust pizza that I customized.  Others at the table had the special pizza, which had goat cheese, bacon, mushrooms, and olive oil.  These guys prepare a damn good thin-crust pizza.Goofy christmas lights on the ceiling, but an ideal place to hang out if you're a basement dweller :D
<review# 98,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2010,10/29/2012,1,8,1,3,3>The quality and comfort of the shoes at this store is fantastic. The prices are in line/competitive for the quality of the shoes they sell. The employees are very knowledgable and friendly. It is a full service shoe store. My only gripe is that it can be hard to find someone to help you because they are busy - but once you get a turn they give you their full attention. They also have a punch card system where you can earn $50 off a future purchase by collecting enough punches. That was a really nice unexpected bonus to find when I purchased. I will go back again.
<review# 99,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/18/2012,10/28/2012,63,48,,5,1>Here are some things that I love:*The knowledgeable, sweet, lovable staff *The Friday tastings (free beer or wine!)     PS This Friday (tomorrow) is a free New Belgium tasting 4-7*Pup friendly*Craft beer selection*Convenient parking (though I often walk)*Wine discounts on the 15th of every monthAlways my first choice for booze shopping!!
<review# 100,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2012,10/27/2012,41,78,,3,2>Go here for brunch! My husband and I went to La Brioche on a Saturday morning and were not disappointed. We had a short wait, but it was worth it for the food. We tried an omelette and the open-faced roasted vegetable sandwich and both were very good.Make sure to save room for dessert. They're bakery case is full of decadent treats. The cream puff was just ok, but the red velvet cupcake was great!We also appreciated the little touches like the good service & cute decor.
<review# 101,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2013,8/23/2013,4,16,2,3,4>When on the Capital Square there are lots of good food carts.  I have to say my #1 is SOHO Gourmet Cuisines! This cart sells fusion dumplings that are made with some flare, salads and unique drinks. . I have been to this cart on multiple  occasion and  I have tried many of their offerings of dumplings, salads and drinks.  My personal favorite are the SO BEEFY! the dipping sauce is amazing, It offers a little bit of spice and great flavors. My favorite Special is the MAC & CHEESE! .all i can say is WOW!  A new special I just tried yesterday was BARBECUE PORK (great flavors) with Pineapple Salsa sauce and it is fantastic as well.On Farmers Market Days they offer 2 BREAKFAST DUMPLINGS, what could be better than breakfast in a dumpling.   If you like a lighter meal the salads are fresh and good as well. The homemade dressings are light and fresh.  They make a spicy ranch sauce that is good on ALL their dumplings.  Watermelon Spritzer is a great drink and it is very refreshing. This is a must go to cart for me.  Customer service on this cart is great and the prices are amazing!
<review# 102,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2013,8/21/2013,86,145,1,3,5>I love ice cream and I love the Daily Scoop! I've been there once and they impressed me so much that I will have to be back again soon. I kept trying to make it there but I either got there too late or I forgot to go all together. I order a peanut butter flavor and that is exactly what I ate, spoons full of peanut butter! It was perfect. Wait, did I just say that about ice cream? I think I did. I don't think I will ever get a better scoop of peanut butter ice cream anywhere else (I'm a little disappointed by that - guess I'll just have to buy more from the Daily Scoop).
<review# 103,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,8/20/2013,1,10,3,4,3>After I was invited here for a meeting a couple of weeks ago I can't stay away. I have chosen Madison Sourdough for brunch the past two weekends, and I will bring out-of-town friends here this upcoming weekend as well. Chocolate mint tea is amazing! I've tried the Eggs Diablo and Eggs Benedict. Friends have tried the grilled veggie omelet, baker's breakfast, potato hash, and salmon omelet. Everyone raved about the food.I saved the best for last: THE PASTRIES! Chocolate croissants, scones, bread of all kinds to die for.
<review# 104,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,8/19/2013,73,144,4,4,5>It's weird to rave about a corner "minute market" store, but this one is pretty tight.Besides having a baller selection of beer (the only place I can find Wild Blue in Madison), it's convenient and well-priced for the James Madison neighborhood.They also have some fresh food which is a little pricier, but always delicious.The staff is nice and they take credit cards! Go here!
<review# 105,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/30/2013,8/18/2013,204,159,1,5,5>This place is awesome. Some friends and I went there for brunch last weekend- enjoyed by meat eaters, vegetarians, savory and sweet lovers alike. Try the egg breakfast sandwich on rosemary bread or the No Meat loaf with crimini mushrooms and nuts. Deeeeelish.
<review# 106,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/9/2013,8/17/2013,10,14,1,8,7>I had an absolutely amazing meal at Inka Heritage tonight! I began with a Pisco Sour, which my server described as better version of a margarita and it was just that- delicious! My companions and I shared a ceviche micro as an appetizer which was also wonderful, the flavors were perfectly balanced and the seafood was tender.For my entree I chose the Seco de Cordero and am so glad that I did. The lamb was amazingly tender and covered with a flavorful chimchurri-like sauce. My favorite component of the dish was the fried yucca, crunchy and delicious! My companions ordered the Arroz con Pollo and the Lomo Saltado which were both great also. To finish an already amazing meal, we shared three desserts: flan, the Suspiro a la Limena and the Delicia Andina. Each dessert was very rich and sweet, but very good. Perfect for sharing.Overall, my experience at Inka Heritage amazing. Great food, tasty drinks and fast, attentive service even with one server caring for the entire restaurant.Visit this restaurant as soon as you can, you won't be able to stop talking about it! I know I won't be able to!
<review# 107,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,8/16/2013,182,198,2,10,7>My go to spot for brunchGraze has won me over.  My first couple visits were less than memorable - I could see the potential in the menu, but the execution left something to be desired.  But over the past year, the consistency kitchen and the service has improved considerably and Graze has been coronated as The Emperor of Madison Brunch until further notice.  After a recent trip to the Madison Farmer's Market, my wife and I decide the dodge the rain drops and grab some morning vittles (and libations).  There are a thirty minute wait for a table, so we decided to set up camp at the bar.  The bartenders promptly welcomed us and took our drink order.   I tried the Retox (Cachaça, Maple Syrup, lemon juice, cayenne) and my better half went with the Bloody Mary.  At first I was neutral on the Retox, but it eventually won my over as the Cachaça (a liquor made from fermented sugarcane juice) cleared the fog from a soggy slog around the square.  The Bloody Mary was a little heavy on the horseradish for my taste, but my dining companion was very impressed.As for the culinary component, I elected to try something new and ordered the Chicken-Fred steak.  Instead of the usual cream-based sauce, this version had a excellent brown sauce with a hint of sage which complimented the steak, which was top notch, it had a nice crunch, but not greasy.  The rest of te dish was satisfying as well.  Some lightly dressed grape tomatoes, crispy hash browns and two eggs easy over that were perfectly executed.    Portion size was just right - I cleaned my plate and felt satiated, but not bloated.  We finished off our brunch date with an order of the beignets, and their pillowy goodness was the perfect finish to an excellent meal.While the meal was a bit on the pricey side for brunch ($55 for two drinks, two entrees and a dessert), we both felt the value of the meal exceeded the price.There have been some complaints about the service at Graze, but the bar staff was courteous and attentive during our meal.  Despite a full house in a relatively open space, the noise level was not too bad - it was easy to carry on a conversation.I also appreciate how Graze uses locally sourced products from area farms to create its menu.  As long as they can continue to effective execute the vision of Chef Tory Miller, they will continue to be my go-to option for brunch.
<review# 108,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2012,8/15/2013,38,10,1,3,2>Wonderful place to spend the afternoon - great place for kids to run around and enjoy the space.  I'm really not big on the educational component of the Gardens (I know, shame on me!) but I love the atmosphere and being around nature.  Great all year round...
<review# 109,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/18/2013,8/14/2013,19,18,4,6,4>Fantastic food made to order, but tricky to find, and not a fast lunch.  Plan on getting the peach cobbler to go.The focus here is on the food.  Mell's fried chicken is incredible, with or without waffles.  Her biscuits and gravy is amazing.  I've not had better catfish in Madison.  Her cobblers are out of this world when fresh, and well worth picking up even once they're in the fridge.The food can be somewhat inconsistent, depending on who is working in the kitchen.  Sometimes the black eyed peas are better than I've ever had elsewhere; sometimes they're unremarkable.Beverage choices are limited to water and canned soda.You'd do well to call your order in if you're looking for a lunch in under an hour, especially if you're going with a group of more than four.
<review# 110,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,8/13/2013,5,11,3,5,3>Mastering the art of French cooking. Mussels w/ frites are required, regardless of what else you order. The sauce they come in is so simple, yet so perfect. You'll want to soak it up with the bread and ignore the margarine spread altogether. The chicken paillard was cooked to perfection, with a crispy exterior and a juicy center, done evenly throughout the cut. I'd never had ratatouille before, but theirs is delicious with a nice tang.
<review# 111,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,5/13/2014,42,32,3,5,2>I couldn't ever make this my only grocery stop because it doesn't have the variety that I need from a grocery store, but man does it have some delicious food! Number one is the produce.  Loads of fresh produce, and samples for you to taste before you buy. ....or you know, snack your way around the store...They also have a pretty amazing cheese section.  Mostly Wisconsin cheeses with a few other specialty cheeses as well.  I am not a cheese expert and have gone there looking for something kind of specific and was able to have someone knowledgeable enough to point me towards what I was looking for and telling me why certain kinds would or wouldn't work for what I wanted them for. They also have a pretty amazing beer section.  Lots of unique local selections, and also something that they seem to be pretty knowledgeable about when questions come up. There are other things they sell as well, snacks, meats, seafood, and some other random frozen items.  You can find quite a bit of Brennans branded local items, as well as a few other local brands.I don't get here often because it isn't a one stop grocery shop, but when I do go I wonder why I don't come more often because I always find such great things!
<review# 112,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/25/2014,5/12/2014,31,67,,5,3>I had never been to this place but was pleasantly surprised by how good their food was! I had the vegetarian quesadilla and that was scrumptious. It was not just overloaded with cheese like most. My husband got the lamb burger and he really liked it. They gladly subbed out the English muffin for a regular bun with no issues. The sexy fries were awesome and would recommend the small up charge to get them. They are a cross between French fries and potato chips with a hint of truffle oil Parmesan and a few other flavors. One of the appetizers our friends got was a green chile with pork served with warm soft tortilla shells. We tried it and were blown away. Forgot what it was called on the menu but I don't think we will ever visit there again without ordering that. Highly recommend grabbing a drink and some grub here!
<review# 113,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/25/2014,5/11/2014,44,84,,6,3>I wished I have found this place earlier! Being a Friday my friend and I decided to go to Cupcakes-A-Go-Go Cafe to try out some of their stuff after hearing some nice comments from another friend. We were not disappointed! So far I have tried their macarons (vanilla, chocolate, mango, raspberry and salted bourbon caramel) and cupcakes (chocolate espresso truffle, red velvet with pomegranate, oreo, french vanilla strawberry and tiramisu). I really like the vanilla macarons (you can taste the vanilla beans in them!) and their mango macarons (the mango is so rich, which kept me wondering if there were real mangoes in the fillings). Their cupcakes are super good and very different from what I'd had so far. The frosting blends in with the cupcakes that it feels so natural to have the frosting with the cake. I have never finished the entire frosting on my cupcakes prior to this, either because they are too sweet or too much. So this is really awesome for me.Their cupcakes are not the cheapest, you can get cheaper ones downtown Madison. But I will be back again for more of my favorites, and try a couple of others that I didn't get to today, such as their black forest cupcakes!! Btw, their cupcakes are buy 12 get 1 free, you don't have to get all 12 at one go, it's cumulative, either use their mobile app, or a punch card to keep records. And there are special offers for checking in as well! This is a Friday afternoon well-spent =)
<review# 114,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/9/2013,5/10/2014,132,340,2,7,5>Shut your face.  Yup.  You.  Because I just can not believe, I have waited so long to come here!What have I been doing with my life?  Now, to be honest, this was our first stop of the evening.  So we had drinks and an appetizer.  Big mistake, I will tell you why later. We were there during Happy Hour and happily, the Paloma was on the menu.  The Paloma is by go to drink and they did it well.  Tequila, lime juice and grapefruit juice.  Yum.  Trust me, people can mess up this simple libation.  My husband ordered a Manhattan.  Delicious.  Just fantastic.  Sweet but it packed a nice bite.  I wish I had ordered one myself.  We also ordered the buffalo cheese curds.  They are the traditional cheese curds douses in buffalo sauce (kind of like a chicken wing).  They were amazing.  Completely different concept than I was used to.  I could only eat a few before my mouth were on fire.  I wish they had given us more dressing (or a larger cup) to cover the curd more.  They were so unique.  The traditional order is perfect for 3-4 people.  With two people, it was extremely filling.  The bottom ones that were sitting in the sauce got a little soggy.  I wish they did not have a pool of the sauce at the bottom.  Yeah, yeah, little things.  But I have nothing else to critique.  I liked the way our table was tucked against a pillar.  They had a couple of two tops that just float in the middle of the floor.  Those were kind of weird.  I would NOT want to sit there.  The decor and overall feeling was fantastic. The value was fantastic as well.  Two delicious (and large) cocktails with the appetizer was $20 even.  Not sure why I was not convinced it was a 5.  Just might have to go back and try some more.  So the big mistake was leaving.  We were heading to Graze for an entree round of part of a progressive dinner.  We should have never left Merchant.  It was fantastic!
<review# 115,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2014,5/9/2014,21,60,,9,6>Highlights/lowlights1) seriously awesome service2) gluten free friendly drinks and food3) nice ambienceI seriously do not have enough good things to say about this place! Stopped in on a Sunday afternoon for lunch around 2pm and there were a decent amount of people there. I really liked the atmosphere, wood floors and big windows all over. We were seated right away and our server, Alora, came over immediately with menus. She walked me through all of the gluten free drink and food options on the menu and brought waters right away. Gluten free bread and buns are available as well as a few salads. In addition to the gluten free food options there are several gluten free beers, a cider on tap, and a pear cider in a bottle. I ordered the portobello mushroom sandwich with french onion soup (no croutons!) and a pear cider. My boyfriend got a beer (they have over 30 on tap!) and the ham and cheese sandwich. Our server was great about refilling our waters and giving us updates on when our food would be out. My sandwich was awesome, all of the veggies tasted really fresh and my soup was piping hot. My boyfriend said his ham and cheese and fries were great as well. We will definitely be back!
<review# 116,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,5/8/2014,137,133,,7,8>This is my secret (read:  really far) place to go when I want some kick arse fish fry.  After living in WI for about 2 years now I feel that I can, with authority, say that this place has one of the fish  fries that I've had.  There are so many things that make this place stand apart.1.  This is a German themed supper club so instead of the normal starters they start your meal off with fried delicious fritters served with honey and a side of coleslaw.2.  They have a great old timey bar that has German beers on tap. Now, I'm no beer connoisseur but the man says that this is rare.3.  The service at the bar is great and the bartenders are super friendly.4.  The outfits the servers wear are beyond cute.  Think old German dresses!5.  The fish. The fish is amazing!!  It's not the typical cod but instead it was Haddock. 6.  The fish is served family style, made to order and piping hot.7.  The fish is so well flavored, not overly salted and is the perfect combination of firm and flaky.8.  I love the fish.I could really go on like this but yeah I love the fish here and the price is easy on the pocket book too!
<review# 117,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/21/2014,5/7/2014,15,92,,6,3>In the mood for comfort Indonesian food? It exists!We ordered from Bandung about a year ago, and I know I loved my indo mac n cheese. We somehow never made it into the building itself until a Yelp Elite event. Yay!Nice interior, and especially nice bar area. Big and open. The bartender was sassy and funny, and made us some great cocktails. Helloooo, Thai Iced Tea. We also nibbled on bites like cream cheese filled wontons and chicken wings (well, Derek did that one).For our meals, Derek got chicken pad thai and I got the tofu fried rice. We ordered them off the small bites/happy hour menu. SO cheap! Derek's pad thai was much better than my fried rice. It was peanut-y and not too sweet. My fried rice was just a little too dry for my taste, but I liked the flavor overall. And each plate was piled high.Thanks for a great treat! Can't wait to visit again and try something new.
<review# 118,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2014,5/6/2014,158,144,,8,6>Awesome trails. Love all of the river crossings.  Many of them have giant stepping stones to get you across the water.While you can start at a variety of areas, I love parking near the Middleton Hills neighborhood so I can get in a run and then have brunch with my friends at Prairie Cafe afterwards.Scenic prairie, woods, rivers, and a couple of spots you'll be in more of the commercial side of town, but I'm good with mixing up the scenery.Still plenty I have to explore yet, maybe when it warms up a couple of degrees!
<review# 119,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,5/5/2014,177,312,,8,7>I love everything about the Tornado Room. Everything about this place is a throwback to a bygone era, from the wood-paneled walls, low ceilings, and and dim lighting, to the simple menu, complementary garnishes, and delicious cocktails. Even their late-night steak sandwiches are fantastic. If you're looking to get your socks knocked off with a gastronomic experience, go elsewhere. The Tornado is about standard steaks, chops, and fish prepared the old fashioned way, with standard sides like baked potatoes, hashbrowns, and thick-cut vegetables. It's rare at a steakhouse for the sides to be included in the protein prices, but they are at Tornado, which I believe makes this place an extra good value. Order an old fashioned or some recommended wine to wash your meal down, and enjoy every second of the classic fine dining experience. This is not the kind of place you'll have the pleasure of walking into every day.
<review# 120,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2014,5/4/2014,18,76,1,8,5>I was so very skeptical. Magic Wok took over the worn and drab Wong's Garden. Wong's Garden once was a great place to eat.  For the last few years, the food was awful. I was so excited to read that the business had been sold and the restaurant would serve Chinese food. The restaurant seemed brighter and cleaner. Maybe it was a fresh coat of paint but whatever they did, it sure helped.Good Chinese food is a very personal matter and can span a variety of presentations. I love the old school Chinese, moo-shu, mapo, kung pao, if the food is cooked well. Dishes should have loads of veggies that still have some crunch and sauce with plenty of flavor. I also love the more authentic Chinese food that you find at Ichiban on Park St.  Magic Wok was the former; egg rolls, won-ton soup, lo mein and plenty more.I visited Magic Wok with two of my neighbors. One is amazingly picky. We all put the owner through her paces, asking a million questions and making special requests. Thank goodness it wasn't busy. She was patient, informative and friendly. Her husband was in the back doing the cooking and he did a damn good jobI had the orange tofu. The tofu was lightly fried, crispy on the outside soft in the center. It came with broccoli (still crunchy) and a lovely orange sauce.  It was really good. We also ordered the Stir Fried Pan Fried Egg Noodles with Chicken. The noodles were super crispy topped with chicken and loads of veggies and a full-flavored brown sauce. Over time those crispy noodles soaked up that yummy sauce. We wished the dish came with a little more sauce. Finally, we also ate the Kung Pao Chicken. The chicken was plentiful as were the veggies. The peanuts added some crunch and salt to this spicy dish. It too was a hit.I love my neighborhood, replete with good food. I am a fan of Ha Long Bay and Wah-Kee but I am happy to have a good Chinese restaurant right within my reach. I wish them the best and encourage them to keep up the good work. I shall return.
<review# 121,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2013,3/30/2013,6,24,2,4,3>Although I've eaten there a handful of times, Bandung is my go-to take out place. There are deals you can get by ordering online, and we usually order some combination of Pad Thai, Red Curry Squash, Opor Ayam, and Lumpia for our appetizer. Other favories include Galai Kambing,Sambal Goreng Ketang, Bihun Kari, and Asse Cabe. Our only complaint about the take out is that they never give you enough rice -- one big spoonful (probably about 1/2 cup) per entree. My husband loves rice so we always have to make more at home. Although we order from there all the time, it is worth going there and checking it out.  They have EXCELLENT drinks. They also have clearly been working on revamping the bar area, introducing some bar food specials, etc. One time I played trivia there and it was pretty good except there wasn't really enough seating. All in all Bandung is a unique place and a unique eating experience. In my opinion, their Pad Thai is the best in town -- and that's saying something!
<review# 122,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,3/29/2013,1,10,1,4,7>Dear Burger Joints of Madison -I have bad news for you. It comes under the inauspicious name of "Brewbarb Burger", which contains the following ingredients: Grilled Pecatonica Valley Farms ground beef, rhubarb ketchup, bacon, Brie, caramelized onion, romaine, bacon aioli, all on a ciabatta roll. It is ridiculously great. And it has claimed the title, in this humble restaurant-goer's book, of best damn burger in Madison. It also helps that the fries are delicious, a clear cut above the typical fare served at places like the Old Fashioned (fries at Graze are of similar quality).I can't even remember what else we've ordered there - the Brewbarb will do that to your mind. It is insane. Brewbarb. BREWBARB!I was trying to think of something negative to say about this place, and all I could come up with is that I think their signage looks a bit cheesy - the cursive "Jac's" just doesn't hae a modern inviting look to it. But that might just be me.So time to step it up, Dotty's, Graze, Old Fashioned, Marigold, wherever. Though I'm not sure you have a chance. That rhubarb ketchup doesn't grow on trees, and I'm thinking the chefs at Jac's might not be willing to share the recipe.All the best,Me
<review# 123,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2013,3/28/2013,31,64,,4,4>I love Belgian beer like it is going out of style, so The Malt House is my happy place. The fact that the bar is the Oldest Bar in Madison and has a history dating back more than 100 years only adds to the charm.The bartenders are always knowledgable and helpful. They have a rotating tap that always has great local beers and some hard-to-find American and Belgian brews. They also have an amazing array of whisky. Now, I love Malt House for what it is, but those looking for an upscale place where people will wait on you hand and food will be sorely disappointed. Expect a low-key, comfortable ambiance with a lot of people passionate about beer.
<review# 124,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2012,3/27/2013,55,31,2,2,3>Fantastic food with a great beer selection. One of Madison's oldest bars and still going strong! The night crowd tends towards the hipster and those who want to be "cutting edge" but don't have the guts to venture out into the world like NYC, Chicago or LA. Daytime tends towards more working class and grad students. It is as close to the old 602 Club as anyone will ever get and that makes it work.
<review# 125,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,3/26/2013,128,219,,2,2>Solid choice if you want a quick meal, especially if you want to watch sports , including the slightly less mainstream stuff like golf, women's bball, and soccer.  They do give you a lot of options when you order (3 different shells, many different sides, etc) so you can customize your order.  The only food I didn't like was the guacamole, which is bulked up with lettuce. I like the garlic shredded beef and tempura fish, as well as occasionally the enchiladas.  I find the quality to be the same as a good deal of the sit-down Mexican restaurants in Madison.  I recommend the borracho beans for sides, which is well flavored with thick pieces of bacon.  The vinegar based hot sauce is enough to add some heat but still tolerable enough to sprinkle liberally on your food.
<review# 126,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/4/2013,3/25/2013,19,82,,4,2>Being so close to so many office parks I can understand why this place is so crowded during Happy Hour.  And why wouldn't it be?  Skip the dive bars and go for one of the long list of tasty wines that Eno Vino offers.  There are budget-friendly wines that are still quite tasty.The service could have been faster.  However, it was fairly busy and it wasn't unlike what I have experienced at other places during a crowded Happy Hour.All in all Eno Vino is a good place to enjoy a good glass of wine and chill after the end of a long day.
<review# 127,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2013,3/24/2013,17,11,,4,3>Honestly, I know people are nice to you when you're paying them, but I hang out at The Fountain and can honestly say that the three people I've talked to on a regular basis are not only courteous and good at their job, but SO cool and nice. I have a regular rapport with Ruthie and Ryan, and Heather, one of the chefs is incredibly nice and real as well. Their reuben is also really good and I think I'm literally going to go grab a Hopalicious and eat one right now!
<review# 128,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2013,3/23/2013,18,88,,5,4>Love this place!  Every time I go in there, I find something new to play around with.  I'm currently on a Szechuan kick, so....got my dried chilies, and Szechuan peppercorns no problem. Last time I was in, was looking for specific items, and the gentleman that helped me took me around to everything I needed, told me his preference on the brands, and was just wonderful.I highly recommend this store if you are looking for ANY Asian ingredients!
<review# 129,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,3/22/2013,28,54,,8,6>I was here last night for cocktails. This might be my new favorite place in Madison to meet friends for drinks. The cocktail list has some twists on old classics as well as some original drinks. The bartender let us try a new drink that was based around lingonberry jam and gin. Awesome! The ambience is pretty intimate, with dark wood and small details. I can't wait to return here for lunch or dinner!
<review# 130,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/19/2013,3/21/2013,24,36,1,7,5>LOVED THIS PLACE!!!Seriously, it was like heaven for a tea lover. Their drink menu was almost overwhelming, but we persevered and ordered a ginger honey green and rose white teas to share. For a small group of three, two pots were plenty. I enjoyed the ginger the best because I have a soft spot for everything spicy, but the rose was so delicate and reminded me of high tea.My sister and her husband both chose cupcakes: carrot cake and vanilla raspberry. They were super in love. The awesome owners were incredible in informing us at what time each tea needed to be steeped and also gave us tons of cookies for free since it was our first time. Did I mention how awesome they are?I bought a bag of mint chocolate herbal tea because, I mean, how could I go wrong. It was spectacular!!! I appreciate the detail to the packaging by including tea amount, brew time, and temp.
<review# 131,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/28/2013,10/3/2013,165,312,5,10,4>This was my first All You Can Eat Sushi (AYCES) experience, so I don't have much to compare to in that department. From what friends told me, however, the price is good at $25 a person, which include tea/soda, miso soup, and salads. Also, from what I understand, the AYCES "rules of the house" are on par with other places. We had a group of about 16 people and the restaurant accommodated us quite well. Surprisingly, service was prompt, especially given our large party. Drinks came out within a reasonable amount of time (and the drinks are cheap!!). Miso and salads came out quickly. The sushi itself was tasty and fresh, but not the best that I've eaten in my lifetime.AYCES rules - each person can order 2 rolls or 10 pieces of sashimi at a time. One must eat all of said pieces before ordering more. If any specialty rolls or sashimi are left on the plate at the end of the meal, you get charged for them. AYCES Survival TIP: Go with a group!!! If you don't like something that you ordered, someone else will! If you don't finish a roll, someone else will! For all that we ordered, not a bad price at $25 a pop. They even let us bring home the specialty rolls that we did not eat (and were charged for). I was so full that I probably won't want sushi for another year, but I would recommend the experience at least once in a lifetime.
<review# 132,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/2/2013,27,58,,3,3>As far as meals go, Ha Long Bay's Mango Currey Chicken tops my list as my all time favorite. I no longer live in Madison, but every time I go back I make a point to go to Ha Long Bay. Although I only ever order the Mango Currey, I've tried other people's dishes a number of times and they've all been very good. If you're looking for a place to take someone for a special occasion, this may not be the spot for you, as it's very casual and the atmosphere is nothing to write home about. But if you're looking for amazing food and a reasonable price-- you will not be disappointed.
<review# 133,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,9/30/2013,85,196,1,6,3>This place has it all.  A meat counter, various chorizos and cheeses, produce, a tortilla factory spitting out corn tortillas by the boatload, a small restaurant, and produce.  A true one stop shop for all your south of the border needs.....
<review# 134,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2013,9/29/2013,23,63,11,9,5>Please answer the following questions:1.) Do you like cheese?2.) Do you like it when servers, kitchen, and bar staff cultivate an image of unwashed, tattooed intelligence and style that can defeat anything - except their student loan repayments?4.) Do you prefer it when the kitchen refuses to chop vegetables into bite-sized pieces, forcing you to eat salad in a sensuous fashion with your bare hands?5.) Do you despise diet beverages?6.) Do you think basil ice cream served on a wooden plank sounds like a great idea?Then this is the place for you.We had a crazy rich gouda to start. Of course we did. It came with a rustic-ass loaf of bread and tart cherry preserves, which we devoured. Then there was salad. Eaten largely with our hands. These people linked their own creative sausages and gave me a delectable mix of vegetables in a broth that was seasoned with delicate herbs and some more of that rustic bread. Yep, the vegetables were too big to cut with a fork, again, forcing me to eat them with my hands. Every bit of what we ate was very, very good. In fact, I think we have a new dining experience on our hands. Literally. Well done.(Seriously - we love it here.)
<review# 135,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/15/2013,9/28/2013,25,76,8,5,3>This is the BEST PLACE EVER. I cannot believe I haven't reviewed Macha yet.1. Their name is so fun to say. Macha. Maaaachachacha. Machaaaa.2. The food and drinks are absolutely incomparable. Madison doesn't have many teahouses like this, but Macha dominates them all. As far as I know, every cupcake, muffin, scone, bowl of soup or rice (the miso is just...ridiculous) is made in-house by Rachel, one of the owners. The other, Anthony, really knows his teas, and he can help you find something to fit whatever mood you're in. I'm pretty sure he's traveled to Asia solely to study tea, so yeah, you can trust him. Also, he won't judge you if you order something pathetically mainstream like a chai latte. I know this from experience.3. The space! Macha used to be a house (can you please just take a second to imagine what it would be like if you got to LIVE IN MACHA? Oh my god.), so you get to choose from four cozy, cushion-filled rooms upstairs or an open area with tables and chairs on the main level.One thing to know ahead of time: they do accept credit cards. But as a local, small business, they prefer cash, so give 'em a break and bring some with you!In sum: I love Macha. Macha macha macha. Here it goes down, down into my belly.
<review# 136,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/17/2013,9/27/2013,225,125,2,5,2>I was going to start this review with the joke about a window that no one could see through, but changed my mind because it's too dirty ... (groan)And now, the business review:We hired Capital Window Cleaning, LLC to clean our house's 34 windows and screens, inside and out, after seeing a deal for the business online. WE COULD NOT BE HAPPIER!The whole job took just three (3) hours, and we can finally see out of the windows again after more than a year of letting dust and other shmutz build up on them (we are good about cleaning the rest of the house, but the windows always seem to be forgotten). The Wife was home the whole time the cleaner was there, and she said that he was absolutely professional and did a fantastic job.Additionally, Capital Window Cleaning's rates are very fair, so much so that we will rehire them next time we need the windows cleaned even if there isn't a special going on.If you have dirty windows, I HIGHLY recommend that you hire Capital Window Cleaning, LLC.
<review# 137,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,9/26/2013,137,133,2,4,3>I love this place!  They seriously have a  special place in my heart.  When I lived in Middleton there was actually a 3 month period when I ate at least one meal there!  They have such a great hot bar and the service is always outstanding.  I don't shop at Whole Foods but I can't imagine what WF would have on this place.
<review# 138,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,9/25/2013,37,102,5,3,3>Hello Dobra,Yeah, long time no see. It's been a while I know and I've missed you much.My only regret about you is WHY DON"T YOU HAVE A WI-FI? but I also know that a quality talk over a cup of tea is always rewarding and having no internet connection has usually made the real interaction happens! :) -- when eyes meet eyes, heart meets heart, without any email checking gets in the way. Dobra tea is a place to have some quality time with friends. Sitting down on the carpet, sipping the oolong tea and munching the pita bread with hummus, are always complementing the main menu: catching up with friends. I don't remember that I've ever been treated as nicely by a tea owner like the one here. We asked him for some suggestion about the tea that could enhance our evening and fit our mood and he gave us very thorough information about his stuff. This guy must have traveled to China, Japan and Middle East and learned about tea. That was my guess. On top of that, he was patiently listening to our questions and explained it informatively, as if we were the only customers around!It wasn't our first, or second, or third time to be at Dobra. Many nights have been spent with a good selection of tea. And for sure, it wouldn't be my last. In fact, this coming week, I'll meet my friends on two different dates and I know another quality time over the tea will realize soon. Dobraaaaaaa, I'm comiiiiiiiiiiiingggggggggg.
<review# 139,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2013,9/24/2013,49,41,,11,3>Don't be fooled by the generic name. This is a genuine Sri Lankan restaurant.I once took a date to a Sri Lankan place in NYC. When asked how spicy she wanted her dish, she said 'hot'. The waitress gave her The Look, and suggested something milder. After a ten minute argument, my date relented and agreed to 'medium'. After taking one bite, tears started streaming down her face, and they didn't stop until after the meal was over. It was the spiciest food I've ever had. This place is definitely a lot more Americanized, but you can get spicy food if you really demand it (don't just settle for 'hot' when they ask you how spicy you want your food).Unfortunately, Sri Lankan classics like lamprais, aappa, vade, etc. aren't available, but their curry is solid.
<review# 140,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2013,9/23/2013,95,202,,4,3>The most authentic Mexican joint in town! What are you waiting for? Cheap and tasty.What's good? everything I've tried on the menu.I love pastor (pork) and Asada (beef) as the meats. They go fabulously with Tacos or Gorditas and the new Sopes!Horchata is the most authentic in town - thick and smooth and lots of cinnamon. New fave bistec con Rajas y Queso - the beef is so good!!I love this place. There are so many Mexicans visiting they have to be authentic! They just reopened a few weeks ago and it's really busy, but just go early/late on weekends or be prepared to wait a little.
<review# 141,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,3/2/2014,16,59,1,10,5>I think the best way to do Umami is family-style with a group of friends. Order everything, share it all, and split the bill evenly. That's what I did on a cool fall night. We sat out on the deck and ordered the following: pork buns, spicy pulled pork buns (the special), beef buns, pork dumplings, the ramen special (served cold with raw veggies), and the pork ramen.Out waiter, Spike, was incredibly helpful in guiding us along. He suggested that if we wanted to split ramen, they could separate the order into two bowls and add a bit more meat and noodles for a slight up charge. It was the perfect amount this way! He also was nice about informing us about he intriguing things on the menu that we weren't familiar with, such as the "garlic bomb" (puréed fresh garlic blended with butter... Add a touch to your pork ramen! Soooooo good!)My favorites were definitely the spicy pulled pork buns and the pork ramen, but everything was delicious. I loved the fluffy buns and the tender meat, with just the right amount of heat to everything. The warm, flavorful ramen was just what I needed outside on a night with a bit of a chill.I definitely was feeling the high salt content later, but it was so worth it. Just be sure to wash it down with some water and/or a pint!I'll definitely be returning with my crew for a no-fuss feast!
<review# 142,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,3/1/2014,25,32,,6,5>Yummy, fast, reasonably priced food cart right on the square. When you can catch them, it's a treat! I believe they hang out near the Walgreens/Graze corner on weekdays until around 2pm. Their BBQ sauce is truly excellent, but sometimes the sandwiches are a little lacking in sauce quantity, so I always ask for extra. Spicy level sauce of course being my preference, but even their milder BBQ is delicious. (They have 3 levels of mild to super hot sauce, if I am not mistaken.)True to their name, everything has that wonderful smoky note. Personally I prefer their pork to their beef, but I frequently end up ordering the mix of pork and beef together as I enjoy the textural difference this adds. An extra bonus is to ask if they have any burnt ends.  Love those little caramelized chunks of goodness! (And this is coming from me, Miss Medium Rare.)   I have heard others mention that sometimes their sandwiches are more filled or less filled depending on the day. This has only happened to me one time, and it wasn't like I felt jilted because their prices are pretty reasonable anyway. But one of their staff members knows me as a professional friend of a friend a little bit, and I feel like I always get a very hearty sandwich. I hope this is not because she recognizes me but because they usually give good portions. But everyone I have met there has been very sweet, helpful, and efficient.  Definitely worth a try if you are a BBQ fan. I look forward to trying their new fixed-location restaurant one of these days!
<review# 143,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,2/28/2014,112,52,,8,4>Finally tried the cafe in my building!! I like it better than ground zero because of the space! It's huge. Has a spacious downstairs and I haven't been upstairs but it looks spacious up there too. I really really really love the map decor on the wall....  II tried the coffee, iced americano, and sweetened green tea. and I tried the bear claw and the morning bun (both really good! not sure if they bake in house or bring it from elsewhere) Honestly... the drinks are not SUPER special (I feel the same way about Ground Zero) but it's good. Most of the chairs don't have cushion, but it's fine. I still manage to sit on those chairs for hours. Extra points for space and environment. AND DRIVE THROUGH IS AWESOME. There is a parking garage and lots of street parking... but you also have to battle for spots with people who live in the building haha
<review# 144,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,2/27/2014,37,54,1,6,5>Lazy hazy day reading bread porn (Chad Robertson's "Tartine Bread") interrupted by my boyfriend getting hungry. We went to Pizza Brutta and I had a great opportunity to indulge in the real life versions of the *crusty* *fire-baked* *sweet* *tender* *airy* crust that I had spent all morning reading about and mentally cursing the San Franciscans who can so easily go to Tartine. But not to worry because Pizza Brutta is there to give you Madisonites the closest we can get.It's sooooo good! And so local! And so brick-oven-y!And their homemade mozzarella is soooo much better than mine!My favorite order: Pizza Diavola. But I would like to give a whoop-whoop for their lunchtime sandwiches as well.They also have an ample supply of the Isthmus so you can get your crossword on while you pizza.
<review# 145,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,2/26/2014,4,8,,10,7>Went there today for lunch and found it very tasty. I had the "egg roll" sausage, which was topped with Chinese-style vegetables and a drizzle of slightly spicy honey mustard and crowned with little fried wonton-like crunchies. My boyfriend had the bahn mi sausage, which was generously topped with peppers, daikon radishes, cilantro, carrots, and chili mayo. The cheese curds were nice and gooey. Apparently there will be somewhat of a rotating menu, so while I'm not sure we'll always be able to get these particular sausages, there'll be other intriguing things to try. I might try the vegan sausages next time. Other features - community style tables (but individual chairs rather than a bench), sturdy Mason jars for our water, nifty decor with a welcoming feel. Looking forward to going there again :)
<review# 146,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/7/2013,2/25/2014,132,340,,6,5>After going to the Yelp event, I could not wait to go back!  We went for Wednesday night fish fry.  This is not a year round occurrence from my understanding.  More like, a fall occurrence.  I was with 5 other people.  Four ordered the fish fry.  There were three fish options.  The most expensive was $14 and was a huge amount of food.  One of my friends ordered the fish baked and it looked amazing.  I tried the Italian Beef.  While, it is not a Chicago style sandwich, it did not disappoint.  It was the closest I have found to Chicago-style.  It would almost be there, except for the bread.My only complaint?  Adding your side to the price of the sandwich. Otherwise, the owner is friendly, the staff is friendly.  The beer menu is ridiculously long.  Go to Dexter's, it will not disappoint.
<review# 147,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/16/2014,2/24/2014,21,60,,8,5>This place is awesome! We went the Friday before Christmas so it was really slow, but the space is fairly small so I bet it gets pretty packed on an average weekend night. My boyfriend and I split a bunch of tapas and none of them were disappointing. The duck fat fries and dates are musts! Both are very flavorful, and for tapas the portions are decent. Our server was great and we didn't have to wait too long before the dishes started coming out. As with most restaurants on Willy St. you will need to street park.
<review# 148,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/14/2014,2/23/2014,81,80,4,8,7>I love this place so much. I remember when I first moved here I would walk by it all the time and pay it no mind. From the outside it always seemed a bit like a dive. How wrong I was! For my second visit it was also during the hours where they have their late night menu. You can get an 8 oz sirloin for 13 bucks which is what I had my heart set on. It got me through the work week knowing that on Friday night I would be having an amazing steak. It's a great deal considering during normal hours their steaks will average 20 to 40 dollars. Fried cheese curds were shared among the table. A friend thought they might actually be better than the old fashioned's cheese curds! The French onion soup I had for an appetizer. It was good but not something I would order again. Both times I've eaten downstairs and the ambiance is wonderful. Cozy, intimate, fun tunes, and great friendly waiting staff.
<review# 149,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/31/2013,2/22/2014,165,312,2,4,3>Awesome, quirkly little bar. Nice and cozy inside on a cold winter night, fireplace roaring with holiday decorations intermingled with all the tiger decor. Super friendly bartender was working, mixed up some great drinks at a great price. No tap beer and cash only. Not a ton of space, but it wasn't too crowded on a Thursday night. No food served.
<review# 150,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,2/21/2014,158,144,5,13,8>Get ready Madison! This place is dangerous and sexy!We've all complained about the lack of choice in furniture/ home furnishing stores in Madison.  Well now you can turn that frown upside down!  Vault offers an eclectic mix of modern, rustic, downright cool and sleek to comfy selections of furniture and accessories.  I swooned as soon as I entered the space and couldn't stop looking around at the gorgeous light fixtures, industrial wood tables, cool armchairs, pretty artwork, I couldn't stop! I needed a fainting chaise!  The owner Carrie Simpson, has carefully hand selected a mixture of new, old and antique just for you.  Looking for a cool antique but don't have the time? Stop here!  Want a custom couch, made in the U.S. and don't know where to get started?  Come here!  Need an amazing piece to tie your whole room together?  This is it!There is a whole price range for every shopper from accessories to the big items.  With this variation in prices, gifts large and small, the whole neighborhood and beyond will be happy.  The space has been completely renovated top to bottom.  They have turned a funky layout into beautiful and contemporary in an old space right next to Chocolatarian.I can't wait to go back.  I am SOOOOOO inspired to get my interior design back on!
<review# 151,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2013,12/22/2013,225,125,1,6,7>Michael Feldman's Whad' Ya Know is an entertaining 2-hour live radio broadcast that takes place at Monona Terrace many Saturday mornings throughout the year. With free donuts, $5 tickets for students and seniors, and $10 tickets for adults, you'd be hard-pressed to find a more fun way to spend your Saturday mornings.Each show features interesting guests ranging from authors to ukulele virtuosos, a talented jazz duo (piano and bass), and LOTS of audience participation and interaction (so if you've ever wanted to hear your voice on nationally-syndicated radio, this is your chance).
<review# 152,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2013,12/21/2013,16,59,,3,4>I thoroughly enjoyed my brunch experience at BSBC. A friend and I went on a game day around 11 am. I expected to have to wait, but was pleasantly surprised that we were seated immediately at the u-shaped bar in the back. Honestly, I think this was a great place to sit on our first visit. It gave us a chance to watch the kitchen, expediters, and other staff, who seemed to congregate back there and see order as they came up. I'm happy to say that this view didn't ruin the experience. The staff was very clean and safe with food handling. Also, everything put in the window looked amazing!Upon being seated, my friend and I ogled the picturesque doughnuts under the glass domes on the counter. We decided that we would get a few to go. Ended up with the Oreo and the chocolate hazelnut-- both fluffy and dense at the same time and perfectly sweet!At the restaurant, we enjoyed three split dishes. 1) the egg of the day, which was red pepper, spinach, and goat cheese. Really tasty and hearty, but nothing we couldn't do at home. The potatoes were really good though-- not overly fried or seasoned. 2) Chicken and a Biscuit. A huuuge piece of crispy fried white meat balanced on a flavorful biscuit. Topped with an egg (I asked for mine scrambled, which they were happy to do) with a flavorful sausage gravy and greens on the side. I'm not sure how one could make sausage gravy look appealing, and I've got to be honest, the look turned me off for a minute. Without being too frank, the peach-orange color and chunks of sausage an corn looked a little bit... uh... gross. That being said, once you get past that, it's really delicious! I swear! The greens on the side were a nice way to balance the heavy dish. 3) Chocolate Pancakes. To. Die. For. But they might as well remove the "pan" part. Between the chocolate in the batter and the chocolate buttercream on top, it's really a dessert. In all, it wasn't the healthiest breakfast, but we were there to go big, and we did. Everything was super tasty and our waitress was really nice, gave great recommendations, and was patient with our indecision on what to order.Also, it's great that they validate parking in the structure! And the place looks nice an stylish.
<review# 153,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,12/20/2013,147,332,,7,7>TG has risen from the ashes and spread it's wings. New front room, bigger kitchen but same good stuff. Try a bunch of tacos ($2) and a couple of sopes (a $3 pile of awesome) if you like but the steak Platillo Guadalajara ($10) is my favorite. Wash it down with a couple of Negra Modelos and walk away a fan muy contento.
<review# 154,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,12/19/2013,37,54,4,2,5>Uh, yeah. If you don't love love love Barriques, you should probably find another city to live in because loving Barriques is what living in Madison is all about. Why?Because students. Your stack of books on Plato makes me feel great about being a yuppie who did once have but no longer has to have a stack of books about Plato.Because free internet and yummy lattes. Snowman shaped foam decorations.Because people watching - what leggings are in style? Oh galaxy? Okay.Because wine of the month club. Okay, I'll take a short walk to my wine of the month and take you home tonight.Because adorable baristas and baristos. Because proximity to concert on the square.Because reasons.Love it.
<review# 155,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/4/2013,12/18/2013,18,76,,4,3>This is my neighborhood bar. It is dependable and predictable. My favorite dish is the chicken breast plate with the Asian noodles. The chicken is moist and flavorful every time. I love their homemade chips with blue cheese but I try to steer clear. I always pray that someone else at the table will order them and I can sneak a few . Stolen food has no calories... Really.
<review# 156,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2013,12/17/2013,7,17,,3,2>Easily one of my favorite local hangouts, Dexter's is a "dive" bar without the "dive." The beer selection is wonderful, bartenders and staff are knowledgeable and attentive, and the food is well above typical bar food standards. There are tables for dining, a long bar for sitting and watching the game, and volleyball courts out back for summer fun. If you're going for the food, I have to recommend the fish fry and/or nacho platter. If you're going for the beer, you won't be disappointed. And if you're looking for a fun place to watch a Badger victory with friends, you've got the right bar.
<review# 157,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2013,12/16/2013,1,56,4,2,2>OK I am totally dumb.  Read on.I came here with friends having done NO research whatsoever which is totally unlike me.  But they are trusted friends and a place like this is why I trust them.  So I had to figure out on my own, after several tasty cocktails, that this is not a bar.  It was clear that it was a distillery - but I figured it was also a bar.  As the spirits flowed into me I realized they were only serving their own spirits.  Then I wondered why last call was 10 pm.  But no worries - I figured it all out.  The drinks were very tasty even though Vodka is normally my spirit of choice.  My only complaint was that there were not enough chairs for the amount of table space.  My other complaints were not warranted once I found out it's not actually a bar.  I would encourage you to go check it out - it's worth your time.
<review# 158,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,12/15/2013,165,312,2,5,1>This review is for service only. I brought my Hyundai Elantra to Zimbrick Hyundai twice in the last year for basic service (15,000 mile inspection and oil change). Easy online appointment scheduling and prompt check-in once I arrived. Comfortable waiting area with coffee, tv, and wi-fi. Quicker service than expected! They also took care of things that I hadn't even requested that were under warranty, such as replacing the windshield wipers. Car always returned cleaner than when I brought it in, both inside and out.Overall stellar service!
<review# 159,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2013,12/14/2013,25,32,,2,2>Staff has generally been friendly and attentive. Very adequate Italian food at reasonable prices. The best fried Calamari I have had in the midwest! I've enjoyed almost everything at Francesca's, with only a few plates that didn't quite ring my bell. I understand that fettuccine alfredo is not exactly a bursting with flavors dish, but mine was so bland and tasteless that I mostly pushed it around my plate and then left it to congeal into an icky, pasty lump. And I swear, I am not a terribly picky person. But I simply returned to eating the calamari appetizer that I always have on the table, drank more of the lovely chianti, and enjoyed a little dessert to fill me up. They offer great happy hour and lunch time specials, as well as private space for events, a very decent wine list, and seasonal alterations to their menus.
<review# 160,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,12/13/2013,48,226,3,4,3>Ok, So I went here for the first time the other night for actually the late night menu and to be honest I NEVER write reviews based on one visit.... but people... OH DEAR GOD. Let me paint you a word picture people. You walk into this little hole-in-the-wall type place by being drawn like a moth to a light with a HUGE white awning from the street. You pass some quaint outdoor seating and enter into a somewhat confusing maze to find some of the main seating and the bar. Rich wood surrounding you as it melts you into relaxation before you even reach the bar at the back of the establishment. You explore this tightly packed place by walking down some stairs to another bar, which I am going to call "the speak easy" with white lounge seating in an intimate space that exudes class. Candles lit and people chatting.Coming back upstairs, My buddy and I had some cocktails and steak sandwiches in what I call the "Middle Al Capone room" The reason I say that is because I imagine Al Capone sitting in the corner of this all wood room underneath the small little wall lamps with a stogie and a cognac relaxing after a hard day of moonshine running... Soothing lighting throughout with small intimate booths with some close friends. This is it... Probably going to be my new favorite place....
<review# 161,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,3/12/2014,182,198,5,11,6>If you've read more than a handful of Yelp reviews, you've probably run across at least one review that starts out with " I really wanted to like this place more".  Fear not gentle reader, this is not one of those reviews.  In fact, it's just the opposite.  I like this place more than I feel I should.  Despite being housed in a west side strip mall, despite no information on the sourcing of their ingredients, despite the bizarre fusion of wine bar and sports bar elements, I keep coming back.  Why, you ask?  They offer creative food with exceptional service in an intimate setting  Every time I've visited, my wife and I have left content.  And there are very few places in Madison that I can say that about.Things I like: * Want to feel like a rock star? The attentive service at Eno Vino will make you feel like one.  The entire staff really seems focused on creating the best possible experience for the patrons.  More than anything else, this is keeps drawing me back. * I adore the humble simplicity of the Charred Hot House Tomato Soup.  It may be the lowest priced item on the menu, but this dish never fails to amaze.  Intense tomato flavor that is perfectly complimented by a mini grilled cheese sandwich.  Highly recommended!* A wine list that's twelve freakin' pages long.  It has a great mix of varietals and regions.  If you feel overwhelmed by all the choices, the servers and bartenders have offered some great recommendations.  I also recommend utilizing the wine flights as a way to sample some out of the ordinary. *  I appreciate the wide variety of menu choices.  Usually I get nervous when I see a wide variety of cuisines represented on the menu.  But kitchen at Eno Vno does a pretty decent job of representing the various cuisines of Asia, Europe and the Americas. When I have a disappointing dish, it's more the result of poor execution than of poor concept.   * Overall, I enjoy the ambiance.  Once I enter, I immediately forget that I'm in a strip mall.  Romantic lighting levels, the fireplace by the bar, the warm color palette of the decor make it a great date night location.  While others have complained about the noise level, I've never experienced that problem when seated at the the chef's table or the bar area. Things I don't like: * Black hole, meet wallet.  A couple glasses of wine, several appetizers and a dessert will likely set you back $100.  Eno Vino adheres to a quality over quantity philosophy, which you'll noticed when it comes time to pay the bill. * For a restaurant that focuses on food quality, I'm surprised they don't indicate where they are sourcing their ingredients.  They may adhere to a farm-to-table philosophy like many of the other finer, local dining establishments, but the menu or the website does not shed any insights.  When I go to Graze, I know exactly where the items on the cheese board came from, not so at Eno Vino. * For the love of god, ditch the TVs in the bar area.  Do you really think showing SportsCenter adds to the ambiance?  I didn't think so. * I'm surprised there haven't been more road rage incidents in the parking lot as the strip mall patrons race each other to find an open parking spot.  Be prepared to spend time hunting for a parking spot.Despite these imperfections, I still am a huge fan of Eno Vino.
<review# 162,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,3/11/2014,19,59,,5,3>Went here for lunch during Restaurant Week, and boy were they busy. Right away I got the impression that they were under staffed. They had a full house with only two servers and one host. When my friend and I arrived we waited about three minutes at the door without anyone greeting us. I mean, it is Restaurant Week right? Be a little better prepared. I did give this restaurant four stars because the food was phenomenal, and I received all my food promptly . For appetizer I ordered the "Causa de la Granja". It was a small mashed potato cake with different layers and many flavors. It had a nice lime flavor which I loved. My friend ordered the "Tamalito verde de pollo". She enjoyed it. We also each ordered a glass of sangria. The sangria was a bit on the sweeter fruitier side, but it complimented the food so well. The pour was a lot more than I expected ($6)! I would have definitely ordered another glass, but because it was 1 pm on a weekday I held back...The entrees we ordered were the "Seco Verde" and the "Pescado a la Chorillana" The seco verde consisted of beef mostly covered in a cilantro sauce served with white rice and beans. The cilantro sauce is super flavorful. The pescado a la chorillana was lightly fried fish served with white rice and a red semi spicy sauce. There were sauteed onions and carrots. I really liked my dish because the flavor was great and the spiciness was just the right amount. The spiciness of the dish did require me to take my time eating. It did get a little spicy at one point, but I still loved the dish. For dessert we ordered "Arroz con Leche"  and "Delicia Tropical."Arroz con leche had a pudding consistency and a lot of cinnamon. The delicia was a passion fruit mousse. Heavenly! I tasted many different flavors all in one bite. Sweet, sour, bitter, delicious. Definitely recommend you try this restaurant. I suggest you make a reservation since there is limited seating.
<review# 163,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/22/2013,3/10/2014,245,310,19,19,20>I LIKE BIG DONUTS AND I CAN NOT LIE.But how to feed the crave?...a fritter from Greenbush will more than suffice.Blueberry, apple...'tis no matter. If it's got fritter in the name and it's from this place you are sittin pretty. They are $5, bigger than my head, and sooooo good. Eat the whole thing, as I often do (it's hard to share)...and you will start twitching. Really you will, but it is absolutely worth it.If you're new to the donut cult, first of all, welcome. From now onward, visions of sugary balls of dough will forever dance in your head. Your thoughts will evermore be occupied with sweet musings and that is alright. Know that you are in good company and that Greenbush is here to fuel your donut needs. And yes, it is a need. Fritter awesomeness aside, what sets Greenbush apart is the fact that they are open at such odd hours. And by odd I mean that they are open from 6am until at least 11pm during the week and from 6am to 2am on the weekend, if not later. Talk about a constant temptation.I've had the pleasure of experiencing quite a few of their donuts since my first Greenbush encounter, and while most of them have been glorious (especially the Old Fashioned varieties and the Oreo filled), the fritters still rock my world.Oh and each donut (besides the fritters) are $1. Deliciously preposterous.
<review# 164,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/9/2014,19,100,,5,4>Fantastic cocktails. Great waitstaff. Amazing food.I went into Heritage Tavern for the first time right before the new year. I had (if I recall correctly) a "cold-weather gin and tonic" and it was literally the best drink I have ever had. I love gin and tonics, but when you can winterize what is typically a summer time beverage, you have my vote. We started the evening off with ordering a half-dozen of the deviled eggs. 3 varieties were included in the half dozen; one made with beets (good, but our least favorite), one made with bacon (better, but not really original), and the Asian inspired one with crispy rice (Yes, yes, and YES). We then ordered a cheese tray to share. Between the deviled eggs and the cheese tray, we knew we wanted to try an entree but figured it wise to share one. We split the pork schnitzel entree. Pig is definitely where Dan Fox shines. The pork was perfect; he managed to make a faux-vegetarian question her beliefs. The staff was attentive and quick to offer a suggestion. Will be back. Soon.
<review# 165,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/2/2013,3/8/2014,204,159,,8,6>I. Love. Lakeshore. Path.My freshman year I lived in the Lakeshore dorms and had such a love/hate (mainly hate) relationship with it because it was, like, 100 miles from downtown! Then one day I realized I was living in a freaking beautiful place literally feet from a lake and miles of well-maintained dirt paths for running, walking, and biking. The path winds past the marching band practice field, out to picnic point, and can lead you over to the Eagle Heights woods. Look, there's even a cool interactive map! lakeshorepreserve.wisc.e…From Memorial Union to Picnic point is about 2.5 miles. If you continue to hug the shore you can squeeze in a bit of trail running out to Frautchi Point and beyond. If you get to the Class of 1918 Marsh and retrace your steps back to the Union you can get in a full 9 miles. Rockin'!
<review# 166,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/24/2013,3/7/2014,57,15,6,5,4>4&20 is my neighbour on Madison's East Side,When I found out they close at 2pm I nearly cried,Their delicious pop tarts, biscuits and fresh food,Are guaranteed to put you in a great mood,As I walk by the smells fill me with Purgolder pride!P.S. Bacon
<review# 167,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,3/6/2014,60,85,,8,5>I stopped in at Next Door on a Friday evening around 8 to meet up with some friends for a few beers and some munchies. I had initially talked to the host when I walked in, thinking that maybe I would get a table for my friends and I (I was early). He said there might be a 20 minute wait, so I gave him my name and headed over to the bar. Inside ten minutes he came over to offer a table, but I had found some seats by the window overlooking the brewing room with the vats and color-changing lights (trippy!), so I was OK for the moment. He even came back a few minutes later just to make sure my friends and I were comfortable with where we were at. So basically their host kicks butt. The beer (I believe all of which are House of Brews creations) was pretty great. I tried their Doe Eyed Brown, which had caramel notes on the finish with a nice mouth-feel (aka tasty). Then it was on to the S.S. Badger, their steam ale, which was crisp and tasty (think Anchor Steam). I also had their Egg Nog Sweet Stout, which I was initially apprehensive about, thinking it might have an overly-sweet vanilla thing going on - but no! Creamy, coffee-ish, with a hint of vanilla, and with fresh nutmeg grated on top, this beer was the highlight of our evening. The snacks were de.light.ful. We had the eggs two ways (deviled and pickled with juice, both delicious), the sauerkraut sausage balls (which has a crispy exterior and a remoulade dipping sauce and were savory and great), and the poutine (made with thick-cut fries, a peppery gravy, Sassy Cow creamery cheese curds, topped with slices of green onion...I was in my own fatty paradise). All of the three-star review people should give this place another go-round - I think their game has been stepped up.
<review# 168,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,3/5/2014,6,6,1,7,6>I have loved New Orleans Takeout for over twenty years! Ever since a good college friend of mine (Mark) introduced it to me, I was hooked. I used to go to the Fordem Avenue location just about every week when I was living and working downtown. It was always good, cheap food that was ready in minutes. And the Fordem Avenue location was easy to get to and park at.Now, here I am twenty plus years later and I recently re-discovered the Monroe Street location- yes, I had been there before, but now that my daughter is attending a weeknight soccer camp at UW and I have an hour to kill over the late side of the dinner hour, it is becoming a weekly dinner treat for me.The last two weeks I have had the half-portion Mardi Gras combo. A good size plate, I cannot imagine what the full size would be. The half is fine for a meal. It comes with Red Beans and Rice (ohhh, so nice!), Shrimp Étouffée and Jambalaya and a  side of corn bread. The corn bread is the best I have ever had (and I will make my own corn bread from scratch from time to time). So moist and snapping with good corn flavor. Definitely not dry. The étouffée contains three or four nice size shrimp nestled in a warm, spicy sauce (but not too spicy- bottles of hot sauce for those who like it really spicy) with the requisite veggies. Jambalaya had good balance with ham/chicken and rice was perfectly cooked and seasoned. And the Red Beans and Rice was a real winner, helping to cool down the bite of the étouffée.Next time I want to try the Oyster Po Boy and Blackened Catfish to see if they are as good as I remember. Service here is as friendly and laid back as the Big Easy (these guys and women have a genuine smile plastered on their face), but each time has been prompt. Not much room to sit (maybe 8-10 stools on Monroe Street), hence the "take-out" designation in the name. Not the most attractive place in the world, but very homey and warm, with great jazz and zydecajun music. And if you eat there there is god people watching out the big windows.I gave it five stars but in reality 4.5 is more like it. But the great music makes me decide to round it up.
<review# 169,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,3/4/2014,62,104,1,6,5>I typically don't give five stars on a first visit, I want to see that restaurants are consistent with service and quality.  I was, like others, on the borderline between four and five stars.The Friday fish fry was divine. I didn't order it, but I definitely ate this off my sig other's plate. The cole slaw wasn't too runny with mayonnaise, just about the right acidity of a slaw.Their fries were unique in that they were steak cut.The shrimp and grits were awesome. I've had this dish at the Great Dane in Fitchburg before, and it was good, but this had an interesting tomato and green onion touch with a runny sunny side up egg topper.  The chicken and donut appetizers were excellent, the sauces were nice.  I really  like the decore of the place.You can park in the Hampton Inn lot above the restaurant, for up to four hours of free validation with your meal.   Finally, a place in this part of town that would be a nice place to eat within walking distance of the south side of UW.
<review# 170,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2014,3/3/2014,209,840,1,8,6>I was here on 2/16/14 for a Trek Store Bicycle Club event, and ended-up buying a Trek Farley fat bike.What a great store. Plenty of inventory, intuitively organized, great staff, tons of parking - there's not much else you could ask for.Highlights:+ Staff is SUPERB. Truly top-notch. Everyone that I worked with to finalize the transaction was friendly, knowledgeable, and just plain cool. It was a great buying experience.+ Speedy - I made the decision, finalized the details, picked-out some accessories, and was paid-up in maybe 10-minutes. During that time, the mechanics were going over the bike, attaching the pedals and bar mitts, and making final adjustments. + Great advice - Brian offered me some excellent suggestions; I took heed, and am so glad that I did. I've been cycling religiously for 6-years or so, and have been to a ton of bike shops. Not many are as great as this store is. I have some other faves, and this store landed firmly on that very short list of "great ones."Oh, also... I had long thought that Trek stores carried only "Bontrager" accessories. While it's true that the majority of the accessories lean toward Trek's brand, there are plenty of other options at the store as well.
<review# 171,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2013,1/21/2014,126,534,3,10,7>The owner of The Green Turret says they have been open for a year but I had only just noticed the sign when I was at the Brew and Grow across the street today. Upon investigation, it was a super cute consignment shop of sorts above Mickey's. They are only open Saturdays and Sundays or by appointment, so it was very easy for me to miss it, I guess. The shop is only 2 rooms, but there is so much cool stuff packed in there. Most of the items belonged to the owner but she has buyers who source vintage clothing and jewelry for her. Everything was vintage...and I mean everything. They've got it all. Maps, record players, vintage women's clothing and men's accessories, housewares, random knick-knacks, old USGS topo maps (15 minute quads) and so much more. I want to hang out there every weekend. All of their prices seemed very reasonable and not overpriced at all. I got a dress and a cool hat for $40. They do take credit cards in addition to cash and check and are open from approximately 9am-3pm (sometimes 4) on Saturday and Sunday. A rare find!
<review# 172,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,1/20/2014,84,275,,5,3>They make some delicious bread here! But we all knew that already. What surprised me here was the ambiance. The place is cozy! I can see coming here for a relaxed brunch very often.I had the special of the day, strata with mushrooms, provolone and sage, and BF had the baker breakfast, both delicious! For next time I have my eyes set on the hash: looks really yummy!I also had a good iced tea and BF had an espresso. Like me BF is Italian, which means he can be quite snobby about coffee, but BF commented the espresso was good, much better than others he had recently! Can see this becoming a favorite!
<review# 173,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/11/2013,1/19/2014,16,93,1,6,4>As a long-standing establishment in Madison's downtown, the history of the Madison Club is fantastic!  What I love the Madison Club for is their top floor bar with unmatched views of the lake over Monona Terrace, as well as their killer food and service!  Every event I've attended here has been well run and impeccably staffed, making it a fantastic addition to Madison's business community as well as social community!  Not to mention they have a reputation for finding and building fabulous chefs....you can thank them for chef Dan Fox being brought to Madison!
<review# 174,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,1/18/2014,47,169,,7,3>My husband and I usually come once/month to stock up for the remainder of the month- I've found that the prices here are less than Whole Foods and Willy Street for a similar product, which I didn't expect.  The staff are friendly and helpful, they always have samples, and the place is extremely clean....super clean.  Great quality meat-everything we've purchased so far has been fantastic!
<review# 175,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/12/2013,1/17/2014,57,97,7,7,7>I was born on pi day (3.14), so you'd think I'd be a huge fan of pie. I wasn't until I had Hubbard Avenue Diner pie. We ordered a slice of the strawberry rhubarb, and between bites of pie I was all WHOA and OMG spices and wouldn't shut up about it. Pi day might just have to be pie day, instead of what it was before -- icecream cake day.They were open Labor Day, which led to ten points for Gryffindor. Despite being swamped that whole morning, their staff was friendly, efficient, and worked well as a team. Plus, our waiter laughed when we said we wanted pie first. I think he knew we had our priorities straight. We ordered the standard diner scramble and the veggie quiche, both brunch specials. They were well balanced meals, flavor and texture wise; my quiche came with a cup of fruit and slice of blueberry loaf. There seemed to be several gluten free and vegan options too, which is considerate -- not something you see often in a Midwestern diner.But seriously, their pie. Next time I'm invited to Thanksgiving, or maybe a 4th of July BBQ, I'll sign up for pie and I'm sure it'll be the hit of the party. If not, then there'll be more for me.
<review# 176,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,1/16/2014,67,136,4,4,3>Walk into Burrito Drive at 2:30am. Go up to the register and be greeted by a nice gentleman. Ask what they are known for. You order. Chips come to the table with hottt Salsa. Yes! The Sheh-meh-neh burrito comes out within less 7 min. It's huge but  you devour it. Sweet potato purée, grilled chicken, pickled red onion, bacon!, quest fresco. You leave at 3am when they close mostly sobered up. I call that a success.
<review# 177,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2014,1/15/2014,26,41,2,6,4>Warning: cash only.I love brunch. The venue is a little cramped, but I love it. The great thing about Willy Street are the house-turned restaurants. Laz Jane's gives off that hipster/intimate feel in a way that I haven't found replicated by other places. Mickey's Tavern comes close with its upstairs antique shop, but I love the upstairs part of Laz Jane's. Their scrambles are delicious. If you are looking for an intimate brunch place, I would recommend this place, but you need to come early unless you're willing to wait. It's a great place to catch up with a few (up to a group of 5 would be my suggestion) friends on a weekend morning. You order at the counter and seat yourself. With a few couch seats (my favorite) and a bunch of small tables, you can have your own intimate gathering. There are many great brunch places in Madison, so if you're looking for what stands out, here's my opinion: come here if you want a hipster coffeeshop feel with good breakfast food
<review# 178,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/3/2014,1/14/2014,138,29,,4,4>Love, love, love! What a wonderful addition to our little Sunset Village, not to mention the fantastic location adjacent to popular local shops we frequently patronize & our beloved, green Sequoya Public Library. But I digress. The pizza here is generously sized, beautifully presented, quickly served, and most importantly, authentically prepared, and oh-so-delicious. The service is prompt, friendly, courteous, and professional. The other night we wound up having a very interesting conversation with our server. We love to meet new people and this guy was interesting, educated, articulate, and friendly. One of our fav places in the 'hood to be sure! Deserts to die for as well if you have room after all the fab appetizers & mains.
<review# 179,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2013,1/13/2014,69,120,,6,4>A friend and I came here on a Tuesday and were seated right away. The ambiance is really cool however I wasn't a fan of how close together the tables were. You could hear every single word coming out of the mouths of those around you.Save the far too intimate seating, the service was great. We got our order in quick and the drinks and sushi came out very fast. And thank god it did because these people know sushi. Edamame - same old same old, but good.Super volcano roll - dynamite. It combined all of my favorite things into one roll. Only bad part was it was so hard to eat - I had to eat the roll and toppings separate, but I did not mind.Tropical roll with spicy tuna - if you're a fan of the traditional spicy tuna roll, this is for you. They combine our favorite spicy tuna with delicious and fresh mango. Awesome sauce. I can't remember what my friend ordered, probably because I was so focused on my delicious rolls. But she said hers were just as fantastic. I don't know if I'd venture here on a busier night, but I will definitely be back!
<review# 180,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2013,1/12/2014,79,313,2,7,4>For a place open just a matter of weeks The Spot seems to be off to a great start.  We arrived to a full house on Saturday evening and settled onto some stools at the bar to enjoy a beer before a table was ready for us.  The bar selection was good and the bartender was enthusiastic and welcoming.Built within an old house, The Spot is small; there were only about 10 tables and about 4-6 spots at the bar.  Rumor has it there is some outdoor seating but it was a bit too chilly to take advantage of that!  They aren't currently taking reservations but who knows if that will change down the road.  The ambiance is quite nice; freshly done woodwork, soft lighting, and lined with black & white photos on the dark red walls.  If I had my choice, the best seats in the house are probably in the bar area or the booths up by the front windows.  Two of the booths are right by the kitchen window which has pros and cons; some people love "seeing behind the curtain" and watching the action.  I, on the other hand, find fluorescent kitchen lights to be my kryptonite so I'd rather stick to the more romantic corners of the space.The menu had many tempting options on it for both the vegetarian and the carnivore. Prices were reasonable and a lot sounded tasty.  We started with the Baked Artichoke Remikin ($6.50) which was served with pickled carrots and crusty bread.  We enjoyed it thoroughly; it was a good portion for two or three.  For entrees I had the Portabella stew ($11) which I enjoyed and the Mister settled on the Wild Boar Sausage ($14) and was also pleased.  Portions were fair sized, enough for dinner for each of us, not really enough to take home for lunch the next day.  Both entrees were served with a side of cooked greens and polenta.  The greens were good, the polenta was so salty even Mr.-High-Blood-Pressure himself wasn't interested.  This is where The Spot's interest in customer service became evident: our server noticed both of us were bypassing the polenta & asked for feedback, which we provided.  He did say the kitchen team is still tweaking things and trying to improve everything, of course, so they appreciate hearing customer's thoughts on the food. (Well, you know we're not shy!).  We provided feedback on the polenta but assured him that overall they seem to be in great shape.  A few minutes later, the owner offered us a complimentary dessert due to the polentapalooza.  Yum!  Dense chocolate cake, rich and sweet, a perfect end to the meal.I liked the cozy space, it looks like they'll have some fun specials during the week, there were several things that tempted me on the menu, parking was easy, prices were reasonable, service was great... all in all, we look forward to heading back again.
<review# 181,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/3/2013,2/8/2013,2,9,,4,2>We've had the pleasure of being here a few times before their grand opening, and on their grand opening night.  The guys that work here are super cool, personable and extremely generous.  The beers are all good, and I feel like they aren't capable of making a bad beer.  The atmosphere is nice and you just feel welcome.  I'm not usually a porter fan but their Nightcall is my new favorite beer.  And growlers for $12, is perfection.  We love Karben4 and tell anyone and everyone about it.  Go, try all the beers, you won't regret it.  (If you have an empty growler at home, bring it.)
<review# 182,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/10/2012,2/7/2013,265,357,6,4,3>I dreamt of you when I was living in Milwaukee... I missed your Sri Kaya, the sweet coconut and egg jam that only you sold.  I missed your Asian Kitchen Tom Yum mix like crazy, you had me in the kitchen - the pseudo Asian cook.  And now here I am, back in Madtown... No more illusions.  I've missed you.
<review# 183,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/30/2012,2/6/2013,23,175,1,4,3>We never thought we'd get bagels as delicious and authentic as the bagels we savored from NY Bagel and Bialy in Chicago.  That was, until we read the stellar reviews of Bagels Forever.  The truth is, I started out eating their frozen bagels, purchased from Woodmans, only to find out that they were amazingly delicious.  Having gotten a Lox sandwich today from the source, I was immediately sold on the whole operation.  Their bagels are legit.  A crunchy, salty outer layer from the pre-boil and a firm, pillowy center...they've got it all.  They are a bit softer than i'm used to, but that's fine, since the flavor makes up for it in every way.  The lox bagel was spot on and I nearly fainted when I saw it was all of $3.00!!  Needless, to say we'll be back soon.  Also, kudo to BF for using Boar's Head meats...there's nothing better.
<review# 184,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,2/5/2013,12,44,,2,3>Red Sushi was booked next door, so we walked in on 43 North...no reservations...we sat at bar and had an excellent experience. Excellent food...I had three appetizers for dinner: beet soup with pistachios, green salad with fantastic avocado fritters, scallops with incredible passion fruit beurre blanc sauce and mâché. We both had a cocktail called Mandarin Blossom, really unique drink with lime juice, hibiscus-infused water and Hangar Mandarin Vodka....awesome. Great service, inventive flavor pairings.
<review# 185,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/21/2012,2/4/2013,16,20,2,3,2>What the hey!??? How come I have never heard of this place before?  Went here for a date night with my boyfriend (we've been together 13 years so date night is mostly about good food- less cheesy romantic sh*t).  The burger was delicious- buttery bun. I had chili which was also wonderfully tasty.  The sweet potato fries were nice and crispy.  My whiskey coke was strong.  Decor is not fancy but who cares- food is good!  Bartender lady was super nice....not too overbearing- just whatever- I like that.  There is one pool table, some video gambling things.  Best of all- they have karaoke on Thursday nights.  I haven't checked out karaoke yet but gonna do it this Thursday.  Also, Tuesday is 25 cent wings- really yummy and cheap.  I love this place- one of my new fav places in Madison- truly local spot- if you like Caribou Tavern, you'll love Baldwin St. Grille.
<review# 186,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2013,2/3/2013,20,32,,2,2>We went on a sunny wintery Saturday at Noon and the line almost went out the door! We almost picked a different place, but the huge appetizing menu kept us in line. Thankfully, the line moved pretty quick and - even better - our food came out pretty quick too (which isn't too surprising since I later learned the Blue Spoon is the prototype of an upscale-ish hometown deli from Culver's - which also is from Prairie du Sac, and of which, I'm also a fan. Custard...).Reasonable prices, great selection of food (I had the carmelized onion burger, my boyfriend had the short ribs w/ mac & cheese) and fantastic views of the river. There are three rooms, so don't feel like you have to pick the first table you see. Also, that deck seems like it would be fantastic in summer.One side note - I should have asked for dressing on the side. They dolloped waay too much blue cheese dressing on my side salad.
<review# 187,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/28/2013,2/2/2013,8,31,,6,5>We went for the buffet on a Sunday morning, and are so glad we decided to give it a try!  My husband's favorite is Chicken Tikka Massala - which they had on the buffet.  I'm pretty new to Indian food, but there were so many options and so many things I liked!  The service was amazing!  Our water glasses were constantly full, which is good considering some of the food is really spicy!  We're not from that area, but if we were in the neighborhood, I would consider going there again!
<review# 188,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,2/1/2013,67,136,2,7,6>Yes there most likely will be a long line outside the door. Even so far as the end of the sidewalk to the street. But don't let that stop you from finding a parking spot.When we went on a Sunday morning, the line was long but was moving fast. We found when we got inside that there was a person helping navigate the line.We got seats right in front of the shake maker on the counter. Forget the name of the guy working the machine but he was a show of fun. That was he job just to make shake and malt. He showed us his hands. They looked freezer burned. Really wanted to give him a pair of gloves. Watching him make all the flavor made the time go fast waiting for the food. It did come surprisingly fast with the full house. Put for some reason whenever your hungry your stomach likes to make it feel so much slower.Our waitress was friendly and didn't seem rushed thou it was crazy busy. They had extra hands just to clear tables and fill waters. We all got the Scrambler. You can get bacon, sausage or ham in the eggs. There is potatoes under the eggs, topped with cheese and gravy with a side of toast. If you want you can ask to have the gravy on the side. Huge portions for everything. The gravy wasn't very rich in flavor and on the more runny side. I always end up eating my eggs with ketchup anyway. Pure comfort food right there! Shared a side of Hash and Buttermilk Pancakes. The Hash had an excellent smokey flavor. The pancakes were huge. Had great buttermilk flavor but on the denser side. But im just think that was because we had so much food and it all came at once that they just sat there densing up. Hopefully that was the case.Overall my stomach hates me. My wallet loves me. Will be back to explore the menu. The Cinnamon Roll looked gooey divine.CASH ONLY!!!
<review# 189,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,1/31/2013,5,11,,3,3>After being a regular customer for the last year, I've finally gotten around to reviewing  Pho Nam. Small, family owned restaurant, they've always provided delicious Vietnamese food and great service. We frequent this restaurant for Sunday lunch, particularly in the winters and our orders usually consist of pho with rare beef and vermicelli with pork.
<review# 190,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,1/30/2013,52,246,,5,1>This place watches for demand barking and dominance issues.  They are well aware that dogs bark and allow it, just not the demanding kind.  Their groomers are fantastic!  Lastly, they play WITH the dogs.  Very involved.  There is down time for lunch and wind down for the day.  Pack a lunch if your pup eats during those times (in a plastic bin)
<review# 191,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,11/27/2012,11,51,,5,2>Jason is absolutely fantastic! He gave me a great cut and showed me how to make my hair look way thicker than it actually is (I have really fine hair). The scalp massage was pretty baller, too. Would definitely recommend going here if you're looking for a great stylist. :D
<review# 192,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/13/2012,11/26/2012,18,7,,6,1>Very simple.  I LOVE this place.  I love a restaurant that picks one thing and does it well.  I usually get the Regina, and will sometimes try the special.  There is a good selection of reasonably priced wines and the dessert is also pretty fantastic.  I have always had great service and recommend the place with frequency.  Yum!
<review# 193,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/18/2012,11/25/2012,42,88,2,4,2>Love this place!!  The town of New Glarus is really picturesque to begin with and they have some great little shops to browse before or after (or both) a trip to Puempel's.  Also the New Glarus Brewery is located on the outskirts of this little burb and it puts out some might fine brews (Spotted Cow, Fat Squirrel and my favorite seasonal beer the Back 40).  On to Puempel's though...The place is very old with original murals on walls.  We stopped in for lunch and first we shared a cheese plate that comes with a basket of ritz crackers - not to worry though as the the cheese is so good that any kind of cracker would be just fine.  We had a selection of brick, cheddar, baby swiss, and, thanks to the two men in our party we had to get some limburger (very stinky cheese that tastes a little like ammonia).  The barkeep explained that that is why she always puts the limburger on it's own piece of paper.  A couple of us ordered the soup of the day which was vegetable and the other two ordered the chili.  We split a brat (which was a little on the small side) and a liver sausage sandwich.  Another interesting thing about the place is all the dollar bills stuck into the ceiling.  There is a trick to doing this and believe me it is not easy.  On a previous visit I was able to 'stick 2' while none of my companions had any luck.  It's all in the proper position of the quarter, the thumbtack and the dollar bill and, of course, the wind-up.We had a couple libations as we played some cards.  Friendly people, friendly place.  Don't miss it if you are in - or even close to New Glarus.  It's worth a day trip even.
<review# 194,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/18/2012,11/24/2012,14,16,,3,2>Tasty Brunch with Big PortionsJeff and I decided to try something sorta new but sorta familiar. We went to the newish Brocach on Monroe street for brunch.Jeff had the Walnut Burger and I had the Benedict. Jeff's loved his sandwhich and thought the onion roll and artichokes were a good twist.I also loved my Benedict but it was way too much to love. With two homemade biscuits, two eggs, two large ham steaks, two pieces of toast, a pile of potatoes, and a fruit cup, this meal could feed 3-4 people...seriously.The coffee was decent and not offensive, but it wasn't one would hope for in a neighborhood containing many good, local coffee options.Overall, good stuff.
<review# 195,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2012,11/23/2012,25,76,4,7,3>(I will preface this review by saying I've only been to the Ivory Room twice, and I haven't been sampling bars for very long. So. Disclaimer over.)Despite that, this place is my absolute FAVORITE. They just expanded, which means more room for dancing around--always a plus for me. If you're going to go for an all-out, crazy, fun time, go on Dueling Piano nights (Thursday-Saturday nights, I believe). There's a $5 cover charge (though if you go to Capital Tap Haus first and bring your receipt, you get in free), but it is so so worth it. It's basically one big, loud sing-along with the entire bar. Order a few $3 sweet tea vodka lemonades on a Friday or Saturday night...you WILL lose your voice from sing-screaming to the pianists, but I promise you will not regret it.I've never had any problems with staff or service, so I can't really speak to what other people have said about that. Love this place. Will definitely be going back, many times.
<review# 196,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2012,11/22/2012,73,181,3,3,3>Doughnuts are on my mind right now, so it was about time that I reviewed one of my Madison favorites  The best way I can describe Greenbush is a better quality version of your average Dunkin or Winchell's.  Nothing really fancy and unique but good, cheap doughnuts in all shapes and varieties.  My favorite.......the cinnamon with apple filling!    I hadn't eaten one of these things of beauty since I was a little kid back when parachute pants were acceptable to wear, so when I first walked into Greenbush over two years ago, I had felt as if I won the lottery when I saw a rack full of them!  I'm also a sucker for the cream filled doughnuts!Service has always been good, and you cannot beat the price!  If I wasn't  over 2000 miles away right now, I'd wander into Greenbush and go on a full on doughnut binge.
<review# 197,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2012,11/21/2012,35,28,,2,6>Great chicken sandwiches and burgers -- waffle fries are amazing. Reasonable price. The owners of Argus took over not too long ago and did a much-needed facelift of the place, but kept the place relatively the same with its Greek restaurant roots.It's small, so gets a bit packed on Friday and Saturday evenings, but I don't really go to Amy's for a night out, rather a bite to eat for lunch or early dinner.
<review# 198,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,11/20/2012,6,16,,4,3>Of all the Thai Restaurants in Madison, I think the food here is the best, but parking is a problem and there is a language barrier issue.  The bathroom is very clean and amazingly decorated as is the whole restaurant!  Just gorgeous.  I had ordered something and the waitress did not ask me my choice of meat and brought shrimp. I am deathly allergic to shrimp - tried to explain this and she just didn't understand.  To avoid any problems, I reordered and we brought the shrimp dish home, husband ate it.   It's a little out of the way and the service is a bit slow but I still feel it is the best Thai food in town.  The prices are bit  high but as they say, you get what you pay for for.
<review# 199,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/8/2012,11/19/2012,4,11,,8,3>When I first moved up here, I was worried about not having a good place to get my brows done. I hate going to nail places that wax too, because I always breakout and my brows end up thinner than I'd like. I was used to getting waxed at Ulta with the Benefit Brow method, and it was definitely a (good) change of pace when I started going to Velvet.It's got a great atmosphere, with a hip design, and peaceful music. I always leave there relaxed (surprising after a wax, I know) and kind of wish they did massages too because that would be the kind of place I'd love to go to!I have now been waxed by three different women, and they have all been highly skilled and enjoyed all of them. This past time though I met Tracy, one of the owners and we discussed a plan to better fill out my brows. This is something that I have been wanting for a while now, but foolishly never spoke up. Everyone there has been great, but I was most impressed working with Tracy. She asked if I broke out after, tweezed a couple of other random hairs, and followed up the wax with cover-up and some lip gloss! I should note though these are all regular practices there, which just shows what kind of service you get at Velvet!Going to Velvet is well worth your money, and you get the best quality service. I'm surprised they don't charge more!
<review# 200,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2011,11/18/2012,0,11,,2,2>Fabulous! Had some East Coast Oysters- Great!  The little brown vinegary sauce that is served with them is so good. We saved it to dip bread and stuff in! ;)  But don't wreck the oysters by adding the sauce- they are great alone. 'Also had the white fish cakes- yum!I had the Marlin and tried the Halibut both excellent.  Everything was terrific.  Can't wait to go back.
<review# 201,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/8/2013,7/12/2013,19,100,7,6,9>You know what's better than carbs and fats?Nothing. This is what you do on a lazy Sunday afternoon after a long drive. Stop at Batch, pick up some baked goodness, eat, then wander around in the sun (attempting) to work off all that you inhaled. I had the plain croissant  as well as a pain au fromage. Delicious. Perfectly baked. Perfectly flakey yet soft. The croissant had the right amount of "bite" to it. I have no negative comments about taste, staff, decor. I am glad they were able to move into a bigger location in the same neighborhood, though I do miss the smaller more intimate feel as now it has more of a mass-market kitchen feel to it. We were greeted when we walked in and quickly asked how they could help us.Help me? The only way one can help me in a bakery is by kindly pointing me in the direction of the door so I don't inhale the entire place.
<review# 202,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,7/11/2013,95,202,,6,1>Best theatre in town. This is how cinemas should be! You get to pick your seats, you get student priced tickets (2 for 1 on tuesdays with valid ID; or some discount), you get to bring HOT food like sandwiches, pizza, quesadillas into the cinema, you get to bring ALCOHOL like an adult. Wow. I'm pampered here. Recently they added an Overflow bar, with cocktails! yum yum delicious.And their prices are only 2 or 3 bucks more than a regular cinema. And they bring in classic films, artsie films, and live theatre from the UK.What are you waiting for?!?!?!P.S. you can raise the handle to cuddle with your dearest ;)
<review# 203,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,7/10/2013,177,529,2,8,4>Came here for restaurant week, and went into it with pretty high expectations. Very unassuming from the outside, Harvest is a surprisingly expansive restaurant with a main section right when you walk in, and a lower, bigger section to the left. The dim lighting gives this place more of an intimate ambiance, making it a great date spot.Also, a quick tip if you're intimidated by all the utensils: always work from the outside in, meaning, use the outer forks/spoons (first course utensils) before the inner ones (main course utensils).Ok, now on to the good part, the food. For my three courses, I got the crispy cauliflower and brussel sprouts salad, the braised beef short ribs and the house-made chocolate stout gelato. The salad was a great first course, as it was light and refreshing. The cauliflower and brussel sprouts had a slightly burnt taste, which complemented well with the semi-sweet dressing. The bits of bacon also added another dimension to the salad, by giving it a more cured taste. The entree of braised beef was absolutely out of this world. The beef was cooked to perfection, and was soft and tender enough to be cut with your fork. The potato purée was smooth and silky, fitting in with the tender theme. The only grief I had was that I wish there was more of the delicious sauce, but we can't have everything. And last but not least, the gelato closed out the meal. The chocolate stout gelato was just creamy enough, without being overwhelmingly rich, that kept the dish light and easy to eat. Seeing as how all of my friends were satisfied with their meals, I'd say this night was a smashing success. There was also just enough food for us to be full, but not to the point of wanting to pass out due to food coma. So far, I'd say this was the best meal I've had in Madison yet! Came here for restaurant week, went into it with pretty high expectations, walked away with surpassed expectations.
<review# 204,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/29/2013,7/9/2013,15,92,,3,2>We had a successful apartment-hunting day so we set out for a late lunch celebration. We strolled by Red Sushi and figured, why not? Overall, we enjoyed our time. Service was great and I liked the feel of the place. The weird thing was that all of the staff/chefs hung around one area, chatting, but I think they were just getting ready for the dinner rush.The edamame wasn't cooked enough, I think -- it was very hard to open the pods!I got the sundried tomato & asparagus roll and the mushroom tempura roll. I loved the IDEA of the sundried tomato roll, but it was incredibly dry. It could use a sauce or maybe cream cheese ? The mushroom roll was good, though. Derek enjoyed both of his rolls: peking & the salmon skin. He said the mango on the peking paired quite well with the other flavors.Then we decided to get lemon cheesecake. Erm, not good. I could barely taste the lemon! The cheesecake itself had a good texture and taste overall, but then was ruined when my mouth got to the crust. It was very dry and tasteless. Meh. Maybe a bad day.I'd love to go back and try again, but I do hope they change up that sundried tomato roll.
<review# 205,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,7/8/2013,6,19,,2,2>This place is great and the pollo fundido was tasty and deep-fried perfection.  Our server, Diana, was friendly and very accommodating.  For example, we asked for spicier salsa and she whipped something right up.  The frozen margaritas really hit the spot and after one 12-oz glass I was ready for a nap.  I live in west Madison now, but the drive is worth it.  Hands down the BEST Mexican place in Madison (and coming from Texas, I can tell a great Mex place when I see one).
<review# 206,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/30/2013,7/7/2013,15,18,4,5,3>This opening was a little bittersweet for me.  Sad that the dumplings are no longer down the street from my house in Fitchburg, but happy that they have returned to their rightful place on State Street. The dumplings are just as tasty as ever.  Go for the full order of mixed meat and potato with the spicy sauce and an extra side of sour cream.  And then come back for dinner for another order.The new place has a different more modern feel than the old hole in the wall.  Can't say whether this is good or bad - all I know is that I would sit in a cardboard box on the corner and eat them if I had to.
<review# 207,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/10/2013,7/6/2013,87,148,2,2,2>Another great recommendation by a colleague for a lunch meeting. There was space available, no wait. I was greeted warmly and seated promptly. Takumi offers a variety of lunch specials for around $10. I ordered the two roll combo. Takumi's menu includes many sushi offerings. Some familiar, some different then previous Japanese menus I have seen. I had the spicy salmon roll, it wasn't "fishy" tasting at all, which, although it is fish, is a good thing in my book. I also had a basic cucumber/avacado roll. The lunch special comes with a choice of soup or salad. I enjoyed my food immensely. I will be back, and would recommend Takumi to those looking for a good sushi restaurant.
<review# 208,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/21/2013,7/5/2013,11,51,4,4,2>This is probably a sacrilege but I'm not a huge fan of beer. That being said, their scotch ale was really good. It was oddly light and had notes of caramel with a clean finish. Their stout was waaay bitter and devoid of the coffee notes you'd normally expect from a stout, but would pair well with a dessert, I think. Anyway, as far as the food goes, I was floored. They have this menu item called Irish Nachos. It's thick, crispy potato slices with bacon, ranch, and herbs on top (and probably other stuff but I'm drawing a blank). Srsly, it's phenomenal. I also had their "locavore" burger option, the Home Grown Burger. Local, grass-fed beef with white cheddar, apple slices, arugula, and an apple cider reduction sauce with a side of black pepper aoli. Oh yeah--I asked for it done medium, and it was cooked perfectly. I'm pretty sure the clouds parted and I heard singing when I took my first bite. Then I ate until I wanted to die...and I would have died happy.Also, I had this near-cathartic food experience while warming up by their fireplace and watching some bizarre, dated, bawdy Britcom/musical on the television. All in all, an excellent experience.
<review# 209,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,7/4/2013,60,85,4,12,1>Went here for Sunday lunch, and WOW. This place deserves the five-star status it currently holds for several reasons:- Excellent food. I am no expert in Philippine cuisine, but I love meat, and this place has boatloads of it in a variety of styles: roasted pork, sausages, stewed beef with veggies, fried chicken (super crispy and well seasoned). The only negative was that the fish had been sitting out too long and was dry. -Unique flavors. This was my first time eating Philippine food, and I was surprised by the interplay of sour and sweet in some of the dishes. Lots of okra too. And pork fat. Lots of it. YUM. -Amazing dessert table! I have never had purple yam, and I tried three different desserts with it (a cake, a rice cake wrapped in what I think was a corn husk, and ice cream), the rice cake being my absolute favorite. It had that chewy, gluten-y sweetness that I've longed for since leaving Korea, and the bright purple color was a plus for sure. -CHEAP! My boyfriend and I each got a Pepsi, and the total was $22! They don't even give you the option of tipping on the credit card receipt, so they really don't expect it, but we left $5 because we liked the service a lot (one of the cooks brought out the ice cream to make sure we could try some before we left).
<review# 210,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2013,7/3/2013,33,65,4,4,4>This cleverly named little food cart just started setting up a few days a week on John Q Hammonds Drive in our office park in Middleton (well, maybe the cart's in Madison city limits, but Hammonds is a short road, so if it's there you'll find it). While "FIBS" is a pejorative used by Wisconsinites to describe Illinois tourists, it's used by the owners to describe their fine Italian beef and sausage. They clearly have a sense of humor and a keen sense of what makes an incredible beef sandwich. All the sandwiches and sausages are named after famous Chicago natives and the cart is plastered with photos of the entertainment and sports legends the city has produced. I had the "Tony Bennett" beef sandwich. It was dipped in a "gravy" (basically an au jus), topped with the sweet and hot peppers I ordered, and served on a perfect, fresh Italian role with a crispy crust and a chewy inside that absorbed the gravy with perfection. The sandwich was priced fairly and perfectly sized for lunch, but when it was gone I wanted more. More. More. I wanted to eat 10 more. Next time I'll try a different sandwich just for fun, but I will go back to the Tony Bennett many more times. More. More.
<review# 211,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2013,6/22/2013,37,61,3,4,2>A wine store with great product and without attitude -- sold. Hits: Unique selection, savvy staff, great industrial space, often hosts events, their tweet pics are beautiful, witty Facebook posts (see their Easter post), and awesome hours Yes, you can pick up a bottle of quality wine on the square until 8pm. All about it. Misses: None. Hints: Check-out their webpage for event line up. They provide a great, commitment free way to learn what you like and what you don't.Bottom-line: This place isn't about being the "smartest" wine drinker, it's about finding out what works for you. Go spend money. Keep the asset around the square.
<review# 212,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/29/2012,6/21/2013,126,534,2,4,3>Yummers. As an Austinite, I give Tex Tubb's my stamp of approval. All of their veggie tacos are super delicious, and I'm a big fan of their tomate salsa (the mild one). The avocado frite taco is probably my favorite though. I wish they wouldn't charge for chips and salsa but their chips are pretty good. Also, their 2 taco platters a great value. 2 tacos and a side for $7.99. Their house-pickled veggies are delicious.
<review# 213,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/19/2013,6/20/2013,42,32,2,5,3>I went here a few weeks ago kind of on whim with two other people.  When we got there, it was crowded.  So crowded that I was afraid they might turn us away or make us wait until a table opened up.  But I was wrong, they were very accommodating and made room without hesitation!All of the staff was great while we were painting and designing our pieces (two of us made mugs, the other made a spoon rest) and when I went back to pick up our finished pieces.  I was also pretty impressed with the variety of glazes they had and the variety of painting utensils that were available. A fun place to go for kids or adults - when we were there, there was various small children painting things, as well as a bachelorette party!
<review# 214,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2013,6/19/2013,6,23,2,1,>Dear Bluephies,It's on again! Brunch that is.....I have an on again, off again relationship with this place, and I have come to the realization that I can only love you in the summer.... Ok, you ARE my summer fling! From your gorgeous mounds of fresh advocado, your perky little tomato chunks, and sensual mushrooms tenderyly mashed up in that advocado EggSTRAVAGANZA!  And then there's your beignets - plump little funnel cakes of heaven (I don't even have to wait for the fairs!). AND THEN you actually have a voluptuous portion of breakfast potatoes with a savory cajun spice (here spice reads - decently salted, not hot). But, by far, the best reason you should come for Brunch is the BLOOD MARY's. They pride themselves (for good reason) as being a Vodkatorium. Which means they got great bloody's! Bloody Maria, Fat Boy, plain - they all have a nice consistancy (not too much alcohol to be runny, and not overdone with the mix to be too thick), outlandish garnish (a Scottish EGG!?, bacon, tater tots?!), and they do "flights" of 3 bloody's! Impressive and yummy I take a point off of them (in relation to other bloody's in town) b/c they do use a premix (Zing -Zangs?). However, they compensate by adding good flavored vodkas (they have BACON vodka people!) Bonus: they also have gluten free options, are pretty helpful with allergy "stuff", and the dinners aren't bad either (my favorite is Trout with Pearl Cous cous - YUM, the chick salad croissant is just average, even though it sounds grand, and everyone likes the burgers.)
<review# 215,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,6/17/2013,2,17,2,3,3>Been here a couple times and enjoyed it immensely. Can't remember the exact pizza that the Mr. &  I had the first time on a lunch date, but it was vegetarian and delicioso! There is some magic in their crust, I'll tell you that much. We also love it when we see a Montepulciano on a wine menu. It's not as common as it ought to be.Saturday night around 7:30 we decided last minute to go out. We tried 3 super swanky restaurants and they all had 1-2 hour wait times. We inquired at Cafe Porta Alba and were told 10 minutes. Que buona fortuna?There was live music and it was cheery without being too loud. How many restaurants have the owner working in the kitchen, who then stops cooking long enough to jam with the band? Cafe Porta Alba does! Other than an Italian film playing on a flat screen, there wasn't much wall decor, but that shouldn't matter because the art is on the plate.My hubby enjoyed the Barbera and I was happy to see two Chiantis on the wine list...though I wish I would have had a glass of each instead of two of the same. Guess I'll have to go back. See how sad I am about that? We both had the Seafood Linguine and the noodles tasted like they were freshly made. Bonus! The sauce was light and fresh, and the seafood was rich; a perfect balance. The mussels were a little salty but very tender and I gobbled them up. The shrimp was cooked to perfection, and the scallops seemed carmelized and had a smokey flavor that made me want to keep eating even after I was getting full. The portion sizes were very sensible. My hungry hubby finished his dish, but I set aside some of mine to leave room for dessert...AND to have a fantastic lunch the next day (the leftovers were so good I ate them cold!).Speaking of cold, we ordered the Chocolate Truffle for dessert, and I don't know what zabaione cream is, but it was surrounded with chocolate gelato, sprinkled with carmelized hazelnuts, and then the whole thing was dusted with cocoa powder. I took the smallest bites I could just to make it last longer. Our server Clay (I think!?) knew how to perfectly pace the entire meal, and on this busy Saturday night he was courteous, collected, and efficient. He also paused while taking our order to give applause to the live musicians, and since I'm married to one, I was tickled that he took the few seconds to show his appreciation. A++ for him!One of the questions Yelp asks: Is this good for kids? Errrr...I'd say maybe the 6+ crowd, IF they're the well-behaved ones who can QUIETLY sit still through a meal. If they're expecting Chuck E Cheese cardboard & grease pies, don't ruin everyone else's night when they're subjected to REAL food and throw a tantrum. Not a lot of room for baby carriers either, so if that's what your packin', come by in the off hours and you'll have plenty of room.
<review# 216,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/10/2013,6/16/2013,47,33,8,7,5>Picture this: a Saturday night, pantyhose pulled up and ready to contain, your fake (but extremely convincing) black Chanel bag is draped over your shoulder and you're working a positive attitude seeing as it is finally reaching almost 40 degrees outside. Can you say "relatable"? This was me walking into A Pig in a Fur Coat last night and while it may not describe you, this restaurant will invite you in whether rocking a coat of fake fur (I mean, it's Willy St.) or Packers print.I ate at this small hub of porky goodness for the first time almost a year ago and naturally, the deliciousness of their menu items and coziness of the atmosphere remains constant. Poutine, Smoked Salmon, Venison Short Ribs, Bread Pudding and Chardonnay were the picks of last night and by golly, it was already time to relive them all again upon waking up this morning. The foie gras in the poutine and sweetly saucy (oh behave) bread pudding were definite highlights. Service is friendly, vibes are unpretentious and pigging out is highly encouraged.
<review# 217,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/13/2013,6/15/2013,79,313,,5,2>I consider myself lucky to live within walking distance of one of my favorite bars in Madison. Coincidence?  Oddly enough, not.  The ambiance is great for catching up with friends or for a cozy date night.  Dimly lit but not dark, lively enough but not obnoxious. You don't have to worry about your barmates getting distracted by tv's, but they certainly could be by the eclectic decor. Every time I'm in here I notice something I didn't see before, the colorful paint can lids hanging from a branch, neckties as wall art, a bobbing lil' head that rises and falls when the bathroom door opens.  You know, the usual stuff.  The staff is friendly and knowedgable, they have a very nice scotch & bourbon list and are able to offer great recommendations.  If you roll in here around 10pm on a weekend you'll be hard pressed to find a seat and there's not a ton of standing-around room.  I'm definitely looking forward to the summer when their outdoor back patio opens up (although I believe they also close it up on the early side, perhaps 10pm, due to being in a residential area). BOTTOM LINE:  Great service, drinks & ambiance. Even if I didn't live around the corner, It would be a safe bet that you could find me here.
<review# 218,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,6/13/2013,57,84,2,2,5>Been planning to come here for a long time and finally got a chance to do so recently. This place impressed me and is officially on the top of our restaurant list.Service was beyond expectations. View from the corner of the restaurant against the windows was great. Food was FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC!1. Gnocchi -- brown butter, pesto, and a tomato sauce (three separate dishes). Our favorite was the brown butter pesto....we like creamy and it definitely satisfied.2. prince edward island mussels -- (parmesan-bacon fondue, potato, grilled bread) OK, seriously? That parmesan-bacon fondue was a nice touch to the usual "fishy" taste mussels can have sometimes. Perfect combination and using the fondue as a bread dip is very tasty as well.3. dry aged new york strip -- (roasted garlic mashed potato, shaved brussel sprouts,hook's blue paradise cheese, bacon, herb compound butter) Bf had this plate; he enjoyed it and I got a chance to taste the side dish of the shaved brussel sprouts with bacon. It's got BACON. I can eat a full meal with just that side dish. 4. cioppino pasta -- (scallops, shrimp, mussels, mahi-mahi, salmon, clams, linguine, spiced tomato broth, parmesan cheese, grilled bread) Seafood galore! Tasted even better the next day at work.5. buttermilk beignets -- (milk chocolate center, vanilla crème anglaise) Perfect way to end the meal. Nice crisp to the beignets. Salivating. The end!
<review# 219,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2012,6/12/2013,5,11,,6,3>My husband and I went out for our usual Friday date nights and wanted to try a restaurant featuring Latin cuisine.  Inka Heritage specializes in traditional Peruvian dishes.Though given large seafood portions (including a piece of lobster, calamari, shrimp and fish) cooked in the acid of lime juice, we weren't too fond of the ceviche appetizer.We were very pleased with our main dishes, the Lomo Inka Heritage and the Tacu Tacu Con Lomo Saltado.  Their chef definitely knows how to prepare a wonderfully seasoned and flavorful tenderloin.We topped of the evening with an amazing Tres Leches cake which comes highly recommended to those of you with a sweet tooth.  For something new, try their traditional Peruvian non-alcoholic drink with a complex mixture of juices.
<review# 220,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,6/11/2013,1,9,1,11,5>I love this place.  I live two blocks away so the convenience can't be beat.We always order it for take out, so I can not attest to the quality of the dine-in service.  However, the woman who answers the phone is always so happy and upbeat that she might want to lay off the uppers.  I kid.  She is very sweet.  But I've never met someone so happy to be at their job.This is truly a family business.  Daughter answering the phone/serving.  Dad is the chef.  Grandpa heckling customers in a friendly manner from the counter while you wait.  The service/family business environment would be enough to make you want to give them your business but the pizza is what sends it over the top.I have only had the pizza, so I cannot attest to the quality of the other menu items.  However, I love the crust.  I would marry the crust if I could.  Fairly thin.  A little bit of crunch.  Yum!  The sauce, as other reviewers have stated, is excellent as well.  The sausage is to die for.  Tonight, I had the hot Hawaiian.  A perfect ten.  Granted, there are those of you that hate on the pineapple on pizza thing, but pineapple/Canadian bacon is my favorite.  Add jalapenos and the Madtown crust and I'm one happy camper.Between the family charm and the excellent product, this place can definitely compete in a college town over-saturated with pizza joints.  Give it a whirl.  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 221,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/5/2014,11/10/2014,37,61,2,5,4>Headline: A big risk that is paying off for downtown. Hits: -Bar: James the bartender is back downtown & that makes this downtown resident very happy. (James was formerly at Delmonico's followed by a stint at Ruth's Chris.) -Food: Kitschy, but tableside caesar salad is a fun throwback. -Space: Sprawling private rooms with conferencing capabilities. Misses: -Food: Pacing is slightly off in terms of inconsistent downtime between courses & delayed drink refills in the dining room. -Space: Some noise abatement would likely improve ambiance - not looking for it to be quieter, just less echos.  Hints: -Bar: Go for happy hour and get to know James if you don't already know him.-Food: Order the creamed spinach w/o bacon, it is better without it. Also, ask for half portions of salads as they are huge, particularly the beet salad. -Space: They have a private entrance if you arrive by car service. Depending on how they use it, this may be a life safer for ladies in heels this winter. Bottom-line: They seem to be stabilizing quickly for a new joint.
<review# 222,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2014,11/9/2014,12,22,5,7,5>Want to find the BEST mussels in Madison? You can't call and make a reservation, the place doesn't have a phone. You won't see it driving by. They don't have a sign in front. Once you're there, you better have cash...they don't take credit cards.  Of course I'm talking about Natt Spil. The venerable underground Madison institution on King St., just off the Capaital Square. Coming up on their 11 year anniversary, Natt Spil has been one of the best kept culinary secrets in Madison. Arguably serving the best mussels in Madison, this hidden gem (literally!) Serves some amazing food from one of the sparsest kitchens you'll ever see. Serving up neopolitan style pizza, awesome mussels, and other specialties, this is where the food industry people go to hang out, refresh, and regenerate after their shifts are done. With non-stop DJ music, bartenders bartenders (that wasn't a typo!), solid spirits, and terrific non-bar food eats, this is THE place to be...especially late night.Order anything off their very eclectic menu, and you won't be disappointed. The mussels are the best I've found in Madison.It's hard to find, but once you do, you'll be a regular too. Just be ready to buy your favorite server or bartender a drink when you run into them there.
<review# 223,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/30/2014,11/8/2014,49,73,10,4,5>Look, I am going to be perfectly honest here...... I have a problem, and that problem is Zoreo ice cream. I had never heard of it until I moved in next door to a Chocolate Shoppe, and now I can't stop eating it. I used to enjoy things in life, like riding my bike, hiking, and playing board games...now? I just eat Zoreo ice cream all day and night. Ever since I had that first scoop, nothing else has seemed worth it. Oh, the rest of the store is okay. Sure, the employees are friendly. The location is pretty good. Prices are good considering the massive quantities of ice cream that is shoveled into your cup or cone. But,  none of this matters anymore....so long as they have a full container of Zoreo, all will be okay.
<review# 224,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2014,11/7/2014,22,104,1,3,3>Barriques is a unique, cozy little paradise where coffee shop meets amazing wine/beer/liquor store.You can grab a cup of coffee or buy coffee beans to take home. They have an awesome Yelp check-in offer for 50% off coffee beans.The food is pretty good. The breakfast wraps are amazing. The lunch menu is limited with a pretty basic sandwich selection.  The soups are delicious!The wine and beer selection is awesome. If you're looking for a gift for a wine-loving friend, they have an extensive selection of wine accessories--everything decanters, aerators, corks, and things you never knew you needed but can't live without. :)
<review# 225,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2014,11/6/2014,30,31,1,5,3>My girlfriend's family was visiting from Milwaukee. They wanted to go out for a nice dinner that would be suitable for Grandpa and a celiac diet.  We decided on the Stable Grill. It was the perfect choice.Before dinner we all had a few of their famous old fashioneds.  Korbel is their rail brandy so you know they are going to be good.  Her dad loved the meatloaf. It had a mushroom sauce that he raved about.  I had the ribs which were solid.  They came with these buttered red potatoes that were simple but delicious.  My GF had the perch which she thought were some of the best she's had.The Stable's ambiance is quite remarkable.  It is basically an old stable fitted with a full bar and dining room.  Old wood floor, rock walls, a huge barn door and rickety stairs leading to a second floor. A lot of trendy places aim for the kind of ambiance the stable offers but you cant duplicate authenticity.All in all this is a supper club style dining experience in a cool old time setting.  If you are looking to try something off the beaten path and are tired of sweet potato fries, trendy aiolis, beet salads or whatever the latest foodie flavor is this week, the Stable Grill at Quiveys Grove is just right.
<review# 226,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/25/2014,11/5/2014,69,120,3,5,5>My parents and I thoroughly enjoyed our dinner here. The prices are super reasonable, the ambiance is great and the service is fast. Not to mention the food is delish!I was the only hungry one in the group (go figure) so we didn't order that much food between the 3 of us, but it was still enough to satisfy our hunger. We started with the caprese salad as an appetizer. The mozz is so yummy, this hit the spot. Then we ordered one pizza for the 3 of us to share, the Salsiccia. It was so good. It really reminded me of the pizza they serve in Italy, and my dad even said it was better than some of the pizza he has had in Italy! I love the way they cook their pizzas too. It's one of my favorite things to have just the slightest bit of burnt edges around the crust. We ended the meal with the chocolate truffle to share, which was equally divine. Like I said, we left extremely satisfied and my dad requested that we go back the next time they are in town!
<review# 227,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2014,11/4/2014,18,86,3,6,4>By far the best Woodman's in the Madison area. Produces are fresh, prices are reasonable, easier to get through isles, seems larger than the other Woodmans tough I am not 100% certain, more parking spaces and cleaner facility compared to the other locations. What I like most about this Woodmans is they sell the SeaPak popcorn shrimp and typically have the coupons for them handing on the freezer doors. I've gone to the Woodmans on Milwaukee Street and hardly ever see the same deals. Though I currently live in the east side of Madison, I drive to this location to grocery shop weekly. I've shopped at Woodmans for years and cannot understand how people can grocery stop at places like Copps when they are so expensive. Compare prices from Copps and Woodmans and you'll quickly learn how Copps robs people. This seems to go against the name... Copps. OK. Bad joke but I am serious about the price comparison. Great Woodmans. Will continue to be a customer as long as I live in Madison. I soon will be moving to Fitburg but have already told myself I will make the drive out to Sun Prairie to grocery shop here. Plus, they are employee owned!
<review# 228,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/15/2014,11/3/2014,60,85,1,7,4>Move over, Guadalajara, this place has replaced your spot in my belly/heart. First of all, this place has micheladas to die for. Que es eso? Beer with lime juice, chile powder, and salt. If you like bloody Marys and beer, give this a shot. Yumtastic. Their handmade tortillas are mad fresh n fluffy, which makes their gorditas and sopes killaaahh. Try a chorizo gordita...RIGHTNOW. The service is also friendly, though it can be a bit slow at times. Also be warned that you pay extra for a second helping of chips and salsa, though it's less than $2. Go here for dinner, and follow it up with a cocktail at Le Tigre Lounge. Evening of champions.
<review# 229,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/24/2014,11/2/2014,43,59,3,9,5>Sometimes it's enough just to have someone else make and bring you dinner. Cargo's green wrap (minus the green peppers, nice that they make them up fresh and don't serve them pre-made) was just what I needed. At a modest $5.15, it's affordable, and surprisingly filling. The green flour wrapper is very thin, which I prefer, and the fillings are fresh with lots of crunchy dark greens, hummus, cucumbers, onions, cheese and tomatoes. The service was quick, as well.So nice and quiet, smooth music, with many choices of where to sit, as it's multi level. If you need privacy, you can have it, or if you want to watch the world go by through the glass front, you can have that too.With Star Bar next door, they could probably expand their evening hours. Wish they weren't closing at 9. I'll be back again and again.
<review# 230,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,11/1/2014,102,48,6,7,7>Romy, my border collie mix with something unknown, is far from a bad dog. In fact, I hear the statement "Good boy" leave my lips a gazillion times a day, followed by a belly rub and a t-r-e-a-t (had to spell it out in fear he'd know what I was talking about.. Collies are smart that way). Although he listens and behaves much like a well mannered lad at home and even off his leash, it's quite surprising (and yet not surprising at all given his breed) that walks with Romy are nothing short of a handful. Now I don't mind getting dirty, but I don't care much for getting dragged through the mud by a dog that can't contain his excitement when he sees a squirrel or a car passing by or smells another dogs piss in the distance. This constant tug of war has been an ongoing issue, and yet I excused it due to his young age and that soon, with continued walks, he would settle. I'd began to think I was mistaken. That is until I came to Bad Dog Frida.It's kind of funny that a pet store could hold the answer for nixing my dog's behavior, but it's legit. We spoke with such a friendly, energetic and informed staff member. By the looks of other reviews, perhaps she was an owner. Anyhow, she suggested a few specialty leashes for the wandering dog. And she went into great detail about all of them. We ended up purchasing the Gentle Leader with the promise that we could return it no questions asked. That promise need not be fulfilled seeing as my pup has already taken to the leash and I have seen such a huge difference in his walking already. There is so much more to Bad Dog Frida: treats, healthy food at competitive prices, toys, SMART toys, herbs, and even kitty cat essentials. They even strongly encourage you to bring your dog to shop along with you. So nice.
<review# 231,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/8/2014,11/20/2014,58,45,2,9,6>We are really fortunate to have this little gem on Madison's lovely Northside. They remodeled the former Ole'N Rick's Northside Inn (or Rick'N Ole's, depending on which side of the sign you read) after the smoking ban was implemented in Madison in July 2005 (5 years before the statewide ban). Many critics thought bars and restaurants would not survive without their smoking patrons. Ole'N Rick's owners retired and sold their quaint space early during the smoking ban implementation. It turns out, a little Italian joint is exactly what the Northside needed, and Cafe La Bellitalia has been building their business here for the last 9 years.We ordered takeout, and here is the lowdown:They have great pizza, with LOADS of toppings. There's no skimpy pizza found here! We ordered an XL of The Works pizza. It was huge and tasted great! One thing we have noticed during our 13 years in Madison is that there isn't a lot of really good pizza in this town. Bellitalia is a list-topper for us. Pro tip: they sell slices over lunch on weekdays.I was in the mood for pasta and ordered the homemade fettuccine Alfredo with chicken. It comes with a "side" of garlic bread, which is essentially a small loaf of Italian bread. I immediately devoured this garlic butter goodness (I rode my bike 65 miles today, so I can eat whatever I want, right?). The pasta was delicious with it's perfectly creamy sauce and they didn't hold back at all on the chicken. The portion was HUGE in the take-out container, definitely enough for two people.We've had great experiences, both dining in and with take-out. There's always a good crowd and they seem to be doing a great business. They've certainly been a great addition to the Northside community.
<review# 232,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2014,11/19/2014,8,103,3,4,3>I love me some good gyros!  Don't let the gas station fool you here - these are top notch.  If you get the plate, it's a TON of food (you'll need more bread - fyi).  The gyro/fry/soda combo is more than enough for most anyone.  The meat has a fantastic flavor and everything else, well, it's 5-stars so what can I say?? Any location for Athens will do.  They have a location on Odana Road with Pizza Pit & Pizza Extreme that is convenient for west side workers.  The Athens at this location has a nice seating area that's clean and receptive.If you like Parthenon (the high bar), these are no different - the same really, as most people point out it's the SAME GUY. I really miss the Cross Plains location, but I can get my fix pretty easily with the various other locations.  If you like gyros, you MUST try these!  Out of this world...
<review# 233,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2014,11/18/2014,81,80,1,6,4>Ambiance is cozy, romantic, a little eclectic. Definitely different than most places. It feels like you're eating at your neighbor's lodge in the mountains who is a bit of a hoarder but in a good way. It's fun to look at all the hanging artwork or if you have the time grab a board game from their game library nook. Been here twice so far. Once for brunch once for dinner. Both times enjoyed my meal greatly!Bob's bad breath burger is a little messy to eat but totally worth it. One of the top 5 burgers I've had in Madison I would say. For brunch I got the Andes sandwich with the tuna steak. Came with avocado, chipotle mayo and some other veggies. I say what makes a great sandwich is the sauce. Whatever they put in this sandwich is addictive. I was hoping to save half but ended up eating the whole thing. Both the burger and the Andes sandwich were packed some pretty intense flavor. There was not a single dull bland bite. They don't really do appetizers here. It's mostly entrees and sides. But the entree sizes are more than enough to keep you satisfied.
<review# 234,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/14/2014,11/17/2014,15,27,3,6,5>Can't complain after my last trip to Buck & Honey's! The first time I was there was last summer, and we sat outside... chillin out maxin relaxin all cool... you know how we do. Anyways, went there again a couple of weeks ago with friends. Because we're lushes, we ordered a couple of tall glasses of wine, which was maybe a glass and a half and definitely the way I pour! Yup yup. I ordered the fish tacos for my entree, because since I moved back to Madison from San Diego, all I ever want are amazing fish tacos. I dream of them. To my surprise, these fish tacos were actually not too shabby!!! Who knew a little place in Sun Prairie would satisfy my craving! Definitely order them from the regular menu though, since the first time I was there I ordered them from the Life Balance menu, and those were just so-so (I seriously try fish tacos everywhere I can).Definitely worth popping over for a casual night out!
<review# 235,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2014,11/16/2014,31,64,1,5,6>The owner told me that some of the furniture was made by Prince's set designer . . . soooo thats where the prices come from. Yeah, its a little pricey, but it is unique.  You won't find stuff like this anywhere else. It is also Beautiful! Even their pillows are luxurious. They also have neighborhood-centric decor which I haven't really been able to find anywhere else in Madison.  They have some really cute and unique gift ideas here too (a throw made out of sweater material? yes, please). If you have some cash and want to spend it on some really cool conversation pieces, Vault is the place to go.
<review# 236,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2014,11/15/2014,128,219,1,5,5>Bless Batch.  Their baguettes are the best in town (with options for baguette and demi baguette depending on how hungry you are).  Everything from cookies to croissants are absolutely delicious and high quality.I gravitate mostly towards the sweets but the savory items like the quiche are and croissants are a good size for having one savory item and one sweet.  The savory pastries, such as chorizo&cheese bread and gruyere croissants, are a little messy, but honestly, such is the nature of anything with these types of cheeses. Single serve monkey bread is an awesome idea--sometimes you just don't want to break out the Bundt pan but here they are in single servings.Seating is mostly on stools facing the window and you can also purchase coffee or bottled beverages.Batch is my #1 recommended bakery in town for nearly anything!
<review# 237,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/22/2014,11/14/2014,8,40,1,4,6>My sister and I decided to give our mom a complete "makeover" as a gift. I called multiple salons to inquire if they would be able to strip color out of my mom's hair. (She decided to stop coloring her hair and let her hair grow out, so she had grey/white on top and dark brown a few inches down.)Many of the salons said that it could not be done. When I spoke with someone at the Ultimate Spa Salon, they stated that they would be able to lighten the color so it would blend better with her natural hair color. The stylist was very nice, discussed what she was going to be doing.  She put lightener on my mom's hair a few times. I was nervous that it wasn't going to work.  She got a new hairstyle, and when it was all done, she looked FABULOUS!  I was very pleased with how it came out.  It was pricey to have it done, but when it comes to a drastic change, I'd say it's worth it!
<review# 238,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2014,11/13/2014,126,534,1,4,5>I love this store! If you're ready to step up your board game game and take it to the next level, check out I'm Board. From RPGs like Dungeons & Dragons to the hottest new German board game, I'm Board has it all. If not, it's probably out of stock because it's so popular. They have games for all ages.Additionally, they have a board game library of practically every game they have in stock, so you can take it out for a spin before you decide to buy it! They also host game nights (event schedule here: imboardgamestore.com/eve…) with different types of games each night. Last but not least, they have discounts for students; just bring in a copy of your latest transcript/report card and they'll take your GPA, multiply it by 10, and give you that % discount. They also have a great rewards/loyalty program! Spice up your game night. All your friends will be super impressed.
<review# 239,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,11/12/2014,16,51,1,7,6>I've always thought that the 'Come Back In' should  be called the 'Come Back Inn'...it was a missed pun opportunity in my opinion.Anyway, I've been to the Come Back In approximately 20 times in the four or so years since I discovered it. Lots of times, I came to drink. It's a fun bar, especially when you're looking to go out in an "off" time, like a Sunday night. The place usually always has people inside, which lends a fun vibe!The food at the Come Back In is solid. I've had a few things that I haven't loved, and it's not fancy, different, or creative. However, most of the food that I've tried has been in the 3 or 4 star range...especially their breakfast! If you go for breakfast/brunch, try the Crabcakes and Asparagus Eggs Benedict. It's so rich, that I've never been able to finish them, despite their high taste coefficient. The Huevos Rancheros are really just a breakfast burrito, but they're also fab. The prices are really affordable at the Come Back In, and I think the quality of the food that you get is much better than you would expect. It's a good value, and I don't think that's true for every restaurant. Take their late night special of $3 for a burger and fries. It's a small burger, yes, but you can choose from a variety of toppings for the burger, and several different kinds of fries (Parmesan, cajun, regular). It's a fantastic deal, and nothing tastes quite as good as a burger when drunk, IMO. Even if you're not drinking, it's a good deal for a late dinner, and I think the special starts at 10:00pm. Cheaper than McDonald's, and far better. Unlike some other nearby restaurants (ahem...I'm looking at you, Great Dane), the Come Back In is a great place to go with a group. They are accommodating, respectful, more than willing to split checks, and big enough that usually there is little to no wait. Real life story: One Sunday last summer we had a group of ~10 people for brunch and El Dorado Grill next door wanted us to wait for an hour. After an hour had passed, El Dorado wanted us to wait for 30 minutes more. Instead, we walked down the road to the Come Back In and were seated immediately. We sat outside and had cheap and delicious Bloody Mary's, Mimosas, and excellent food.Perhaps my favorite thing about the Come Back Inn though, is the service. Now, the service itself isn't necessarily perfect. Sometimes the waiters can be a little rough around the edges...most are college kids, after all. They might forget to bring your drink until you remind them, or they might not know the answer to a question you have about the menu.  However the *attitude* of the majority of the staff at the Come Back In is what makes it different. Even though they screw up occasionally, they always try to make it better. One time we stopped in right before they stopped serving dinner, which was kind of a dick move on our part, but they sat us and said, "no problem! we can totally still serve you" and were cheerful and great about the whole thing. Another time, I went for dinner/drinks with a big group and the food was taking awhile to come out. The waiter arrived with several baskets of complimentary popcorn and peanuts without being asked, because he anticipated we might be getting hungry. It's refreshing not to have waiters who roll their eyes when you ask for a refill of your drink or an additional side or condiment for your meal. It happens to me in Madison more often than you'd expect, but this sort of thing has never happened to me at the Come Back In. The Come Back In is not fancy, and it's not perfect, but I really like it, and I'd pick it over many other "nicer" and more popular restaurants on the near East side any day!
<review# 240,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2014,11/11/2014,9,69,,7,5>We enjoyed a late lunch in their outdoor seating area on a Sunday. They had a extensive build your own Bloody Mary bar inside, and bottomless mimosas for only $10. Our waitresses were very friendly and tentative to us and are drink glasses. They always came around and topped off my mimosa before it was empty. I had the BBQ burger which was delicious and the Parmesan and truffle cream sauce fries (the fries were okay). But my friends had the sweet potato fries and the blue cheese and bacon fries both of which were amazing! We did not have a chance to try their shakes but they looked so tasty. Definitely would home back!
<review# 241,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2014,10/21/2014,6,15,1,3,3>Hands down this is the best  in Janesville.   It could be the best store in all of Wisconsin.   I want this to be clear.  A majority of the business Noble Knight does is mail order and Ebay auctions.   They do have a storefront but it is not as large as some other stores.   Their selection for Games is far superior to all stores.  Board games, Card games, miniature stores, role-playing games, and a lot more.   Well worth checking it out.
<review# 242,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2014,10/20/2014,27,23,1,3,4>This is another place that's taken me too long to get to - but I'm very glad I finally made it.  Baldwin Street Grille is one of the most unpretentious bars I've been to.  Divey and a little rough around the edges without trying to be hipster (although hipsters who like good beer and pub food should come here too).  If you show up in a suit and tie, you'll probably be the only one, but I doubt anyone would look at you funny.  The bartenders and the owner are incredibly friendly.  It probably sounds cliché but I felt like a regular on my first visit.  They have a nice tap list with a good local representation.    The fish fry was fantastic!  Cod loins were perfectly breaded - satisfyingly crispy without that heart attack on a plate feeling.  Definitely something I'll be having again, and based on how good it is, I'm looking forward to checking out the other menu items.
<review# 243,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/6/2014,10/19/2014,225,125,2,3,4>Mickies Dairy Bar is a great, uber-popular breakfast joint right near Camp Randall Stadium. The food is delicious and the portions are gluttonous, so make sure you come hungry wearing stretchy clothes.I highly recommend their milkshakes and pancakes.Seating used to be a problem as it was a free-for-all: if you showed up with 4 people, you had to wait for 4 seats at the same table to open up and then hope you got to them before another group of 1-4 did. Luckily, they now have a host(ess) person who seats groups in the order in which they arrive, which is a GREAT improvement.
<review# 244,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,10/18/2014,55,71,1,3,4>Really think they have one of the best brunches in Madison. It's somewhat of a diner feel, but has a super interesting menu. Obviously some restaurants can succeed at making just a few items really well, but in general something I look for is variety. Bluephies has it. I'm grateful I can go with a large group of diverse palates and we can all order dishes that satisfy our cravings. Everything I've tried and everything my friends have tried has been delicious.Some recommendations: Denver omelette, waffle dogs (basically a funnel cake over a breakfast sausage, it's heaven), Bloody Mary, breakfast jambalaya, hangover Benedict. Go with a group so you can try lots of things! Yum.
<review# 245,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/6/2014,10/17/2014,4,17,2,3,4>Id like to start by saying that I have been eating at El Dorado Grille for years and years and I have never had a bad meal or a bad drink here!I am especially fond of the chipoltle blue cheese butter steak and the chicken fried chicken. The mixed drinks and margaritas are wonderful too.  I very much enjoy their collard greens, mashed potatoes and corn bread as well. There is usually a wait so be sure to make a reservation if you plan on going during a busy time.The atmosphere is lively (though a bit loud id you're sensitive to that kind of thing) so dont think you're going to have a quite meal here.  The bar is stocked with a fantastic array of tequilas and the wait staff has always been courteous. I have and will continue to recommend El Dorado Grille to anyone looking for upgraded tex-mex fare.
<review# 246,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/5/2014,10/16/2014,67,136,1,5,7>I haven't eaten much Jamaican food. But jerk chicken, oxtail and fried plantains come to my mind right away along with colorful tropical drinks. When I first saw Jamerica's menu I was surprised to see curry and BBQ on it. After some looking into the cuisine. Jamaican cuisine includes a mixture of cooking techniques, flavors, spices and influences from the native people on the island of Jamaica, and the Spanish, British Africans, Indian and Chinese who have inhabited the island.    Mango Rundown was cabbage and carrots stewed in coconut milk with  yellow curry on a bed of beans and rice. The rice perfectly soaked up the sweet sauce. The jerk chicken and BBQ(not sweet kind) chicken were fall off the bone tender, A chill night out with Bob Marley of course playing in the background.
<review# 247,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/10/2014,10/15/2014,13,37,1,8,7>God bless this restaurant. I thought good Mexican food didn't exist in Madison...then I realised I was talking to people who thought a to-remain-nameless local tex mex chain was "pretty great" "Mexican" "food." and then I found Taqueria Guadalajara, and my life hasn't been the same since. They have super friendly and fast service, insanely good prices, cute decor, and amaaaaazing food. They are super busy on weekends so prepare for a wait but it will be worth it! Try the pozole, available only on weekends. It's incredibly soothing and satisfying, the perfect cold weather and/or hangover cure. They also have the best horchata in town. Taqueria Guadalajara forever!!!!
<review# 248,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2014,10/14/2014,25,32,4,6,7>Every Saturday I stop at Caracas Empanadas after my farmer's market rounds, and I honestly look forward to it all week. Two words: DAT SAUCE.I should be upset that they use a flour based shell rather than a corn flour shell. In most of Venezuela, Caracas included, the traditional outer shell of an empanada is made with corn, for a nice thick but crispy outer layer. The owner told me once that he tried to do it that way originally, but the supply of Harina Pan (the cornflour of choice) is expensive and unpredictable. So to be consistent he decided to stick to flour. Bummer. But as much as I want to care about authenticity, I just don't in this case because it's so delicious.My personal favorite, the Pabellón, is slightly more expensive than the other filings, but the filling blend is spot on and is totally worth it. But no matter which filling you choose, make sure you get plenty of that amazing green Guasacaca sauce. It's the highlight of my day. No joke. I asked the guy today if I can buy it in bulk. He said yes and that plenty of people do, you just have to ask for it in advance via their Facebook page. Awesome. I've been eating here for years, the sweet lady working there even know my name, yet it had never occurred to me to buy their sauce in quantity for personal use until today. What a fool I have been! Anyway don't miss these guys. Venezuelan food holds a special place in my heart, and Caracas Empanada warms my soul. They will not disappoint. Just get there early if you visit them on Saturdays, before the lines get long and they sell out of options.
<review# 249,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,10/13/2014,19,59,1,4,6>Returned to Tornado's late night menu for a third time with a group of six. We ended up all getting up and leaving after ten minutes due to having an extremely unpleasant experience with a server there. We were given a gift certificate and were asked to return after a friend called in and expressed our feelings about that night. I returned for a fourth time, this occasion I was with a group of four. We started off each with a different cocktail. Those that stood out were the key lime gimlet and the other cocktail had strawberry and cucumber notes. I can't recall the name of the drink, but it was DELICIOUS. Very refreshing and light. For appetizers we had the scallops, two orders of the cocktail shrimp, and cheese curds. Everything was delicious. The scallops were nice. They are poached and in a white wine sauce. I thought it was fun to try something different versus the always seared, or bacon wrapped scallop. For entrees we all ordered the 8 oz sirloin steak, medium rare. Every steak was perfect. Seasoning was balanced well, temperatures were on point, and the meat was tender. For dessert, we basically got one of each. We had the cheesecake, the carrot cake, custard, a caramel bar of some sort, and the pineapple upside down. I thought most of the desserts lacked sweetness. However, it didn't matter to me because I was there to have my ultimate favorite, the pineapple upside down cake. It is the best dessert by far, and one of my favorite desserts that I've had at any restaurant in general. Our server that night was Aubrey, and she was wonderful. I know my table was constantly ordering things, but she was very patient and always attentive with us. I'm giving Tornado Room a five star rating not only for the excellent food, but also for the customer service. They really wanted us to come back and have a pleasant experience. This time we did get to enjoy Tornado Room, so thank you for your above and beyond customer service. Will be returning many more times.
<review# 250,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/12/2014,10/12/2014,132,340,5,6,4>I am in love.  It is like the Chipotle of mac and cheese. I fight every urge to go there daily. I ordered the mac and cheese with pulled pork. I skipped the extra sauce because I did not want it too liquidy. It was a marvelous option. The pork and the mac was paired well. I would have skipped the onion straws. They were unneeded and a little too overpowering.My only negative point?  The base mac is the same. It is only the toppings which differ. Perhaps, they could try a different base and change up the cheese mix.The price is a touch high but you REALLY do get a good chunk of food.I did not try the salads but I saw them. They looked a little basic/small for the price. Truthfully, I am not going to this place unless I get Mac and Cheese. My advice?  Go with someone, get a couple and share to try them all!
<review# 251,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/17/2013,7/23/2013,40,91,,7,2>At first glance it does not look like much, but looks are deceiving. This is straight up authentic Mexican food. Pure awesomeness in my mouth! We were the only people in here, and I was a little hesitant at first. Then, the food came out! It was awesome. There are a 3 signs when I go to a Mexican restaurant that I look for----I'll Tell you them:1.It has to have real Mexican cheese of some sort. Chihuahua Cheese is my fav.2. I need to see Verde----like truly good tasting tomitillo homeade sauce.3. I need a Steak Taco! A good flank steak taco can not be beat.This place knocked them out of the park! Also they brought a nice mixed Mexican veggie bowl that I really did appreciate. It was fresh cactus along with a pico. Totally unexpected and awesome. To really push my in love with this place, I was handed a free piece of cake on my walk out the door filled with fresh strawberries! I almost gave the waitress a hug I was so excited!Great true Mexican food in Madison!
<review# 252,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/3/2013,7/22/2013,85,196,,5,3>What do you get when you convert an old closet to a latin inspired walk-up kitchen?  Heavenly goodness.  Use the window at the sidewalk or step inside the Cardinal and order at the kitchen window.  Either way, the outcome will be tremendous.  After burning some calories "Riding the Drive" (where they close certain Madison streets to all car traffic and open it up to bicyclists and pedestrians), we thought we should replace (and add more) calories by stopping in.  The staff is super friendly and when we heard how they baked My girlfriend and I ordered the appetizer sampler along with the chicken sandwich-the dirty bird.  The appetizer sampler is a great value if you wish to try a few things on their menu.  For just over $11, you get an offering of ceviche, freshly made guacamole, chips and two croquettes of two kinds-potato and meat served with a side of delicious aioli.   The ceviche was nicely prepared-you could taste the freshness of the fish balanced by the acidity of the citrus it has been marinated in.  The guacamole also was well done although scooping it out in the narrow serving dish was a tad difficult.  I think the croquettes, however, stole the show.  Biting through the brown crispy shell allows you access to the warm, soft potatoey gooey-ness on the inside.  Dipping them into the aioli was a decadent treat.  The Dirty Bird sandwich is also noteworthy.  Served on a cuban roll baked that morning, it is an exciting blend of shredded and marinated chicken, chipotle, jicama, roasted corn, sweet potato, and cilantro with a harisa aoili dressing.  It is something I could eat every week and never get bored of.Since the kitchen is located within the Cardinal, there isn't any dedicated seating per-se.  Rather, have a seat wherever you like in (or at) the bar and they will bring the food out to you.  Since I was already over-caffeinated up from an earlier stop, I did not try any of their coffee offerings but if they are even half as good as their food, I will be a big fan.  And with it being open until 3 am on the weekend, I may also be a frequent fan as the food would go well with a few cocktails consumed beforehand.A great find!
<review# 253,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2013,7/21/2013,137,133,2,3,5>After reading all the glowing reviews for this place I'd be a fool not to bookmark and plan a future visit!  I did just that and once again Yelp community I thank you for another recommendation because this place was great.  There were a few things that I didn't completely dig but all in all I had a great experience.  I went here on St. Patrick's Day and for some reason I didn't think that would be a problem.  Get this however, it wasn't.  After being somewhat disappointed that this place was more of a restaurant and less of an actual full on brewery with tours we went to the front to get a table.  Even though this place was packed we were seated right away.  As I walked to the table I remarked to the hostess how busy they were and she noted that for a Saturday they were actually pretty light.  I made a mental note to not try this place on a Saturday lest my idea of this place change.  Anyway, we were seated and greeted almost immediately by our waitress.  She was nice, tatted and fit with the cool decor of the place. We started our meals off with the nachos and I ordered a light wheat beer.  The beer was actually really good.  My disappointment however was with our appetizer.  First I think the nachos with the salsa were $4 or so which of course isn't bad.  They also bring a huge portion of nachos which was great!  What they don't do is provide nearly enough salsa.  I mean it was tiny.  It was so tiny that we would have needed at least 4 more to finish the nachos off.  And of course when we wanted additional salsa there was an additional charge of $3 which is damn near the price of the nacho basket.  It seems kind of sneaky to me.  If you want me to eat less nachos don't bring so many.  If you want me to pay more for nachos just increase the price. Don't seduce me with a large nacho basket with salsa that isn't enough for a quarter of the basket.  My other gripe with this place is that when they brought my side salad which by the way was really good they didn't even ask me what type of dressing I wanted.  I am not sure if it is because they only have one type of dressing or if she forgot to ask but either way I ended up with ranch even though I would have preferred Italian.  With the salad dressing it was the same issue with as I had with the salsa.  The little black condiment container they use was only half full yet I had a pretty decently sized side salad.  There seems to be someone in the back who is somewhat stingy with the condiments.  It sucks that this place had those types of issues because it really marred what could have been an excellent dining experience.  With all that said however the fish tacos that I had were top notch!  They were perfectly seasoned and the tortilla was nice and warm.  The man ordered some kind of flatbread burger that he really enjoyed.   He did however have the same gripes that I had though his major gripe was that he considered the portion size to be a little on the small side. I think restaurant portions are getting out of control anyway so I had no beef with the portion size.  Would I go here again?  That is a great question.  I think so.  I really enjoyed my dish and loved the beer.  I would however stay away from the nachos and see if I could somehow finagle my waitress to provide a full serving of the Italian dressing.
<review# 254,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/15/2013,7/20/2013,6,14,3,6,2>I have been to Forequarter dozens of times and damn if it doesn't up its own ante every time. The ever-rotating menu is one of my favorite things about the place- even as a semi-regular, there is always a new inventive cocktail or tasty dish to try. Pros:- I have never had poor service at Forequarter.  -Their wine list and craft cocktail menu top any other in Madison. -The sausage platter (my go-to) which can include anything from smoked beef sausage to lamb merguez with crispy fingerling potatoes and perfectly salted baby sorrel leaves. -The dainty sterling steak knives, the legendary cutting boards, the little silver dishes and trays, yeah, I'm a hipster, you called it. Forgive me. It's adorable. I feel like I'm at my best friend's rehearsal dinner.-The trout with roe and sauteed radishes. Are you kidding me with this? so good.-Alcoholic slushies served in Weck jars. -Ripped bread/whipped butter. rhythmically delish.-They don't always offer great desserts, but when they're on, oh, it's on. Last time I was there, I got housemade mint icecream, showered with housemade butter brickle sprinkles and backyard mint chiffonade, buttressed with some of the best shortbread cookies I've ever had. -My tween kiddo declared their smoked beef cheek with green tomato relish and garlic confit "One of the top ten meals of my life. Maybe better than sushi." Show me another restaurant that can convert a tween into a beef cheek aficionado?  Right, didn't think so. -Portion sizes. Appropriate for one's appetite and the price.Cons:-I feel like I can't go anywhere else. -The AC doesn't always keep up. -Always a wait. I can't think of any other cons.  Just go here, drink the best Dark and Stormy in town while you wait for your table, and then sit down, check out how good your date looks in their flawless [candle]lighting, and prepare to gorge yourself until you get high on food.
<review# 255,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,7/19/2013,165,312,2,5,4>Great spot "off the beaten path" in the Willie St neighborhood. This distillery serves up their spoils via inventive cocktails, converting the distilling area into a cozy bar surrounded by whiskey barrels and fermenting vats. Only open Thursday-Saturday until 10pm. Get there early to snag an outside patio spot. The Honey Cap was my fav, honey liquor with lime, honey, and club soda. Super refreshing on a warm summer night. The Dark and Storm goes down smooth and the bartenders mix up a great Whiskey Sour. All drinks are priced between $5-$7 and you can buy their 750 ml bottles to-go at the bar (before 9pm) for $30 or try a sample of a few of their 375 ml bottles. They serve up a cheese/charcuterie plate from Underground Food Collective, their only food option. Wonder if you can bring in food from outside? Can't see why not.
<review# 256,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2013,7/18/2013,114,212,7,4,1>OH. MY. GOD. CHEESEGASM.Caps lock absolutely necessary, fyi. I had the great fortune of being invited to an event held by the Wisconsin Milk Marketing Association...it was held at Fromagination. The event, you ask? Well, that would be a grand celebration of Grilled Cheese Month!Yes, it exists, and yes, it is AWESOME.There was good beer (several varieties of New Glarus), an awesome spread of cheeses, and of course--GRILLED CHEESE. The chef at Fromagination is the guy who came up with the recipes--whether it was the stuffed french toast topped with marscapone and bourbon maple syrup, the bandaged aged cheddar with peppercorn and green apple, or the gouda and blue cheese melt (there were a bunch more), everything was top notch!If you like cheese, go here. Like meat? Go here! Most of their meat is from Underground Meat, and it was all spectacular. The breads were from Batch!My friend (my +1) wanted me to make a point--one I agree with--about the service/employees: they were absolutely awesome in every way imaginable. Highly informed, answered all questions we may have had (like what Whiskey was in the ice cream?), and seemed pretty intent on ensuring we had some sort of beverage in our hands at all times (the other hand had noms in it). Just...outstanding.Oh, how I love you Fromagination. And oh yes, I will most certainly be returning for your cheeses...just thinking about the smoked cheddar is making me drool!
<review# 257,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2013,7/16/2013,37,102,2,5,5>Oh MY GOD. I can't stop eating the matcha and ogura (red bean) cupcake *I'm having the second one now* It's so yuuuuuuuummmmm yuuuuummmm. Totemo oishii desu. And, the room is so cozy and nice that I can write peacefully here. Hubby got his programming work done too. When we came, they had some Hawaiian music .... ooohhhh it just brought back some good memories from the Aloha state.So, yes this will turn to be another sanctuary to have some peaceful moment.Machateaaaaaa, aishiteru!
<review# 258,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2011,7/15/2013,4,20,,4,2>Best upscale restaurant on the west side of Madison. Love the electronica music. Was a wonderful place for my birthday and we've gone with groups which was fun as well. I always wear earplugs because it gets busy and noisy. We eat in the restaurant and they serve tapas. Kind of pricey but always worth it. The dishes are served architecture style--very decorative and arty. The comment about this being the place to take a woman if you want a second or third date is true!
<review# 259,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,7/14/2013,286,123,6,10,7>Wow. This is bananas. Crazy freaking bananas good. The husband and I split two insanely delicious dishes. If a genie granted me a wish, I would ask him to grant me the ability to re-create the amazingness of this food. The bad breath burger was indulgent, juicy, and mouth watering tasty. Props to the waitress who said medium rare was actually medium. Thank you. Thank you so much for keeping it real. Because of her honesty, I got a burger that was exactly how I like it. There was a thick slice of cheesy goodness, giving the burger that "bad breath" aspect, but gosh I don't mind at all.Those potatoes! Sliced taters that were smothered in butter and garlic that was an explosion of goodness. Please don't show me the calorie count, I don't want to know.The special was a slow roasted pork in a tomato sauce with a house made baguette. I swear to god, I seriously thought they put drugs in that pork, because I had never had a dish that got better and better after each bite. Slap on a delicious pitcher of Ale Asylum Hopolicious, and you have yourself a night worth Yelping about.
<review# 260,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/7/2013,7/13/2013,73,99,2,2,2>Cute cute place with good food! Surprising since it's on the first floor of an office building but I'm not judging by the cover;)We had the cheese fondue as an appetizer which was so so good!!! The Mahi entree I had was a little more rare then I'd like but it was a good new experience. I loved the asian cabbage slaw and the sticky rice was divine. There was sauce on the mahi and on the plate but it was not overwhelming at all. They know what they are doing there! I would TOTALLY go back again!!!
<review# 261,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/20/2014,8/2/2014,10,38,2,7,5>Awesome, Chocolate Over Dose. I positively love this place. Over the last year, I have been here multiple times-I have tried their raspberry chocolate cup, ugly cookie, chocolate fondue, almond horseshoe cookie, mouse, lemon tart, multiple macarons, and of course the Parisian hot chocolate. I cannot say anything has disappointed, some are of course better than they other. And the hot chocolate is more like liquid chocolate, I wish they had real hot chocolate.  I  recommend the lemon tart and the raspberry choclate cup. Other Pros: Free Wi-Fi, Parking, nice ambiance, If you have people with allergies they will make a special order for you with enough notice :-), Christine's candy.Go get a sugar over dose! Psst.. apparently they sell savory food too- let me know how that is.
<review# 262,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,8/1/2014,132,340,2,5,4>I have heard so many things about the Free House Pub and I thought...hmmm, it is about time I tried it.  And?  No regrets!I ordered their prime rib sandwich with harvati cheese.  This is honestly the BEST beef sandwich I have had in Madison.  (Technically they are in Middleton, but this  sandwich made up for the distance.)  The harvati cheese provided a nice flavor pop to the sandwich.  The bread was also well chosen.  It was on a soft roll, not too chewy.  My big complaint?  The au jus.  It was SO salty.  It was pretty much inedible.  Luckily, the sandwich did not need the extra moisture.  I upgraded for $1.50 to the garlic parmesan fries.  They were delicious!  The fries were crisp, hot and nicely seasoned.  They came covered with fresh parmesan flakes.  Absolutely delicious.  The aioli that came with the fries was good.  Not great.  It was creamy and a little sweet.  The fries stood alone but it would have been nice to have something with a more savory flavor.I paired my lunch with a beer from Ale Asylum Hefeweizen.  The beer and cocktail menu was pretty expansive.  I wish I had tried a house cocktail rather than the beer.  It was just ok.  I definitely plan on going back soon.  We ate on the patio, which is gorgeous and nicely covered.  Whether you want something shady or sunny, you can find it.
<review# 263,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/25/2014,7/31/2014,245,310,16,26,21>BESTEST CREPES. ME LIKEY.I've experienced quite a few...multiple times...These guys have mastered the Art of Crepe. Yes. It's a thing. Spot-on thickness. Splendid texture, akin to the dense-quality of a good pancake, yet not so doughy. Plus they've got an oh-so-delicate sweetness that allows for versatility as far as making these beauties sweet or savory.  *Dark chocolate, caramel, sea salt crepe - FAN-frickin-TASTIC. My most-ordered crepe from here. The one that I dream about at night. I no lie. *Pumpkin mascarpone pecan crepe - SEASONAL, sigh. *Lemon curd and whipped cream crepe - in the words of my dear, econ-majoring friend: "THE TANGENCY!" (for the mathaphobes out there - this is code for: she loved it)*Apples and caramel and pecan crepe - one of their greatest. (certainly on par with the dark chocolate one I crave every waking moment of my life) the sugary deliciousness of the caramel...with the sweet crunch from the apples and the indulgent flavor of the pecans - love.*Smoked prosciutto spinach parmesan scrambled - this is the one savory crepe I've dabbled into, though this was my friend's order so I only took a few bites. Tasty nonetheless. As far as beverages: I've had their peppermint tea. Check mate. And their chai latte can't be beat. The Art of Crepe carries over to the Art of Latte/latte art - they've got this down man. Delicious AND beautiful bevvies. Basically, I love you Bradbury. One of my favorite spots - to study/chill/gastronomically indulge - in Madison.
<review# 264,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2014,7/30/2014,44,84,6,10,5>The location of Fugu is a huge bonus. Being located on State St right on campus, it's definitely popular amongst students especially. They serve good Sze Chuan food, which means that the majority of the dishes will be cooked with spicy oil -- making them spicy. Their menu actually runs pretty parallel to that of Ichiban. I have written a review of that pretty recently and I order and recommend the same favorites as I do at Ichiban. Plus, there are many reviews of Fugu out here with good recommendations on what to get, so I will talk more about the experience and service here. Went to lunch once for my post-seminar celebration with my group. We had the lunch specials, which was a good deal coming to about $10. It has a set consisting of the main course, a soup and fruits to go with it. Most of their sets are served in bento boxes, which is a pretty cool concept. For dinner you just order off their menu.Service wise, it's a little off what I could call top-notch. Which means that your main course dishes might come before or together with your appetizers. On some occasion especially when they are busy, you might have to remind them about parts of your order. But they are pretty good about reminders, and will get you what you want fast. I would visit more often but Ichiban has equally good Sze Chuan delicacies with a much larger sitting area and ample parking. Between one or the other it all boils down to personal preference and convenience. If I live downtown and I do not have a car, Fugu will be the logical option. Otherwise, take your pick, either way you will get nice Sze Chuan dishes =)
<review# 265,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,7/29/2014,22,46,1,4,2>I eat here regularly and have never had anything that wasn't delicious. And the staff are super-friendly. It's always crowded, but they're pretty quick considering the crowd. My favorites are the Strawberry Love Salad and the Buffalo Chicken Salad. Their soups are delightful as well.
<review# 266,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/4/2014,7/28/2014,25,32,4,5,3>It feels a little out of place to begin branching off into reviews of places like public libraries and other non-food based locales. But this new downtown library fills me with the sort of warmth and goodwill that inspires a positive review to anyone who will listen to me preach from my digital soapbox.  Plus, there's a cafe inside now so... let's just pretend it's a very large internet cafe with a huge book shelf.A few days after it's grand re-opening, I stopped in to gawk and be happy that my library was open again. A friendly greeter announced that I should make sure to check out the children's section downstairs. Good call. Bright, airy, and huge, the children's level on the lower floor is gorgeous. It's filled with crawl-in book nooks, padded climb-on-me furnishings, private study rooms, play mats, mini-castles, game areas, age-based sections, audio/video stations with iPads around the edges, and who knows what else. I felt like a creeper wandering childless and alone in my 30's in this area, gawping at the selection and wondering if anyone would judge me if I curled up in the padded nook below the stairs.  So I didn't stay long down there, but every time I am there I peek in, wishing I were tiny again.I also couldn't bring myself to wander into the "Teen Zone" on the first floor. It looks like they have a sheltered TV/Movies lounge in there, along with of course an age-appropriate selection of books and so on.Past the forbidden Teen Zone and tucked into a back corner is an amazing AV / Computer / Media Lab. It's stocked with a sound proofed recording box, photoshop, video editing tools, and everything else I wish I could afford on my home PC and waitress wages. Lets not forget, of course, the main attraction. Books!  Books everywhere!  Bright and individually lit shelves make browsing easy. Tidy and well organized, I always seem to find myself inexplicably in a section far away from my point of origin with no idea how I arrived there. The fairy-lights must have led me from shelf to shelf, beckoning me with well-displayed arrays of beautiful, beautiful books.There is a newly improved selection of comics, mangas, graphic novels and other assorted art-related narratives. A very respectable movie rentals section. Foreign films arranged by language?  Hooray!  Non-fiction stacks so immaculately designed and well kept that I never fear that the one book I need will be unlocatable amidst the chaos of the dingy, ramshackle stacks of yore.  (Which I still love, because.... because books! Oh the smell of old, stale unarranged books...)The staff are always friendly and helpful, there's always an open computer in the main area, the self-checkout seems to work perfectly, and my reserved books are always waiting for me on the holds shelves, like old friends who know where I'll be, because I can't stay away.Oh yea, and there's a little cafe in there now.
<review# 267,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2014,7/27/2014,137,133,2,7,4>This place is just great!  I have been here three times as of this review but each time I leave I am left thinking 'what a nice little shop'.  Usually the owner of the shop is there asking questions about what you're looking for. On my last visit however there was another staff member there and she was just as pleasant. I asked for samosas which they had; already cooked in the fridge.  She also showed me the frozen samosas that they carry as well; I bought a box to try!The reason that I stopped there that day was for their goat meat.  It is well priced at about $7.00 or $8.00 per pound and it cooks really well.  They also have some veggies that I have picked up on previous visits.When it was time to be rung up, the cashier gave me some sample cookies but also shared with me that the owner of this shop recently opened Minerva Indian Restaurant by Middleton.  This was a pleasant surprise as I have always had a positive experience at that place as well.There are a decent amount of specialty stores like this in the city; especially in this area.  This place will however serve as my go to as they have consistently provided great quality products and service!
<review# 268,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/3/2014,7/26/2014,11,15,6,4,4>Cross this one off the bucket list! I can die a happy camper after going to the Mustard Museum!The basement is the "museum" kind of small but really how big is a museum about mustard going to be.  Grant it I was hoping that they had mustard artifacts from say ancient Egypt, Rome, Greece but not so much... what they did have was a lot of mustard from around the world. Which is really fun!  The upstairs is the sample area and where you can then buy the mustard.   Needless to say I didn't get out of the place without dropping $25.00.  Also the staff was just Great! Oh a side note:  if you don't like Mustard then don't go to the Mustard Museum.
<review# 269,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2014,7/25/2014,10,25,2,6,5>I have 4 words:  You must eat here!!!!!!!!Seriously! And for so many reasons.The Venezuelan husband and wife team who own/run La Taguara are just too fantastic to even be believed - warm, genuine, helpful, hospitable and man alive, can they create beautiful food. Everything was so authentic and they are truly trying to educate people on the food of their culture & share some of their passion for it.We started with the Queso Frito (fried cheese) appetizer. It was so incredible I wished we'd ordered 2. They make the cheese by hand in-house. It's insane!!!!!!!! Trust me, order it. Early & often. You'll be so happy you did. We got to sample their 3 flavors of juices and we very much look forward to ordering the passion fruit blend sometime. Crazy flavorful & just the right about of tart. My husband had the Pabellon a Caballo and he loved everything about it, especially the pork as it was so flavorful & tender. I had the Bandejita Paisa. It was delicious! And I have to say, I was so surprised that I enjoyed the plantains so much. The pork belly was crisp & flavorful. I stuffed the arepa with a slice of seasoned beef, avocado and rice.There was no room for dessert. But we'll be back again.And again. And again.
<review# 270,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2014,7/24/2014,27,23,3,6,5>Daisy is one of our favorite spots in town.  We tend to think of them first for breakfast or brunch, but there are great lunch and dinner choices as well.  I'm a big fan of their chili-espresso steak hash, the burgers, and you have to try the meatloaf (several varieties to choose from)!Daisy consistently wins the "friendliest waitstaff" award in local polls, as you'll see why when you come in.  It's an eclectic cafe with a casual atmostphere.  As the name implies, they have a bakery case full of all sorts of interesting cupcakes.  Today's variety included maple bacon (with actual strips of bacon!) and at least two that were made with local beers.
<review# 271,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,10/16/2012,33,7,,4,1>I have been searching my entire life to find "my salon/stylist." My first time at William Jon Salon? Match made in heaven! I am an extremely picky customer when it comes to getting my hair done (seriously...a stylist's nightmare...") but I can tell you I have been to several of WJ's stylists including Jekaterina, Casey and Shana. I do have long red hair, so it is tricky to get the right shade and it does take a long time to style my hair because of its length/thickness. But these are guys are truly professionals.
<review# 272,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2012,10/15/2012,266,372,11,1,1>If I ever find myself homeless in Madison, you know where to forward my mail.
<review# 273,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/5/2012,10/14/2012,209,840,,7,3>An old-school, no-frills, best-you'll-ever-find butcher shop and local market, all wrapped-up in one - it doesn't get any better than this.Folks-in-the know hit-up Knoche's for superb cuts of meat - from premiere restaurants to savvy home cooks - this is the place for those looking for a true, full-service butcher shop.I've purchased pork shoulders, baby back ribs, pork loins, pork tenderloins, chicken breasts (bone-in, split, boneless), briskets, roasts, tenderloins, burgers, and brats from Knoche's, and I've never once been disappointed.The butchers really know their stuff, and are more than happy to help you with a question or a special request.  They'll share tips-and-tricks for cooking if you ask.  The store has a nice beer selection as well as wine and spirits.  They carry a decent selection of staple goods as well, all though prices will be slightly higher than what you'll find at places like Woodman's.  Simply put, I don't go anywhere else for meats.  If you're in the Madison area, do yourself a favor and stop-in.
<review# 274,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,10/13/2012,15,21,,4,5>This Library Mall empanada truck is wonderful and a must-try if you need a hot snack. The pulled pork and chicken empanadas are delicious with the savory, spicy green sauce, and I like the plantain and garlic empanada when it's on special. And if I need a dessert to go with my lunch, I like to spring for a strawberry chocolate or banana chocolate empanada. Greasy, piping hot with powdered sugar, I love them. The churro is also excellent and worth your time, especially for only $1.50. There are new filled churros as well.The owner is from Venezuela and is always professional and kind. A food truck gem.
<review# 275,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/30/2012,10/12/2012,147,332,,6,5>This small place, off Gammon Rd behind Woodman's, has two new fans (My S.U. and me). It's only been open for three months so you better get over there and make sure they're successful because this place is pretty sweet. We'd heard about it, stopped in for lunch and......Not fancy, no giant menu but someone knows how to make a perfect Phad Thai. Not too sticky or sweet but light and flavorful. A cilantro-marinated pork dish, served with lemon grass and whole black and white pepper corns (still on the stick) was exceptional.They don't have every Thai dish you've ever wanted (Yen Ta Fo, please?) but this stuff is fresh and made with care. No complaining about Thai food in Madison unless you've checked this place out. Seriously.
<review# 276,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/29/2012,10/11/2012,286,123,4,6,5>Vintage is a bundle of contradictions when you enter.  It's fancy...no, it's a bar...but there is a fireplace!...but it has a vintage diner feel...wait, sued couches in the lounge area...ahhh!Almost like drinking high tea in your sweat pants, there is something that feels wrong about this diner meets classy pub that is just SO RIGHT.  There is the game playing on the big tv over in the corner, but you are sitting next to the roaring fire with your hubby so there is still the romance.  Win win in my book.  I ordered the home grown burger which had white cheddar cheese, sliced apple, with an apple cider vinegar reduction, arugula, and a black pepper aioli.  I always knew apples went well with pork (chops and applesauce, applewood smoked bacon) but who knew fresh apples would taste so good in a burger? It was like apples and beef had a love child in my mouth, and I didn't mind.  Go on Tuesdays.  If you wear a mustache (real or fake) you get $3 select craft beer.  You can even buy a mustache at the bar for $1 which goes to charity.
<review# 277,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/30/2012,10/10/2012,18,25,,4,4>Delicious food and wonderful service. Went there with a friend because they're gluten-free and we've heard good things about them (no gluten for me), and I was THRILLED with the fact that most things were available GF and not just in the "remove the bun" way. We got a hummus platter with GF pita which was pretty good (the pita was decent and good, the hummus was PHENOMENAL), and I had a breaded chicken dish that was divine. The flourless chocolate cake was tasty as usual.
<review# 278,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2012,10/9/2012,2,28,,3,2>I'm happy to give DLux 5 stars.  I thought my husband and I would be waiting for hours to try out this new downtown restaurant on a Friday night, but it only ended up being about 30 minutes.  There is plenty of bar space available for waiting and it's such a great space so you don't mind hanging out for a bit and enjoying a cocktail.  Speaking of cocktails, I tried the 'Blackberry Fizz' and it was so deliciously perfect I half wondered if there was even any gin in the drink, but by the time I reached the end of my drink I determined there was - the flavors just melded together so beautifully. I ordered the DLux burger, my husband the BBQ burger and we split the chips and sweet potato fries.  Everything was delicious - the flavors were perfect, the burger buns were just substantial enough, the fries were crispy, but soft; the chips were a little too crispy and could have used some more flavor.  Our service was excellent; very prompt and helpful.  We didn't try any of the shakes, but we'll definitely be back to give those a shot and sample some of the other burgers.
<review# 279,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2012,10/8/2012,14,19,,3,2>After trying a vegan chocolate cake from Whole Foods and thinking it was absolutely disgusting, I wasn't sure I'd buy into the vegan deal again.  Alas, my very good friend love love loves this place, so I thought I'd try it with her.  I had the special that day which was billed as vegan, but I added cheddar cheese - fried green tomato sandwich with spicy aioli, with potatoes.  Woah.  So very very good.  I didn't think that vegan bread could be that good, but it was crusty, a little flakey, but soft on the inside... perfect really.  And... I got potatoes to make sure I was full, and they were pretty good, but I'd recommend the kale chips.  You can get potatoes anywhere.The wait staff was wonderful - we were there at 3, with zero other customers.  The ladies were chatting and hanging out near the bar, but they were very attentive to us - I thought our server read my mind when she appeared with water just as I was thinking that I'd like more.  She was also gracious with my skepticism... not much more I could ask for. Give it a try!
<review# 280,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,10/7/2012,11,20,2,10,2>I just had a great experience at La Lingerie. I had spent most of my post-pubescent life buying bras that always seemed expensive at Victoria's Secret, and never being all too happy with the fit (or their gross marketing strategies).So after passing La Lingerie many times on my bike, I made a commitment to buy myself some nice bras. The owner spent an hour with me in a one-on-one appointment to properly fit me and help me find the right bras for me. She listened to what I didn't like about my current bras. She was very friendly, approachable, and easy to work with - and rapport is especially important when you are in your underwear.It turns out that the size VS had fitted me with was 4 inches too big around the ribs and 4 cup-sizes wrong. How does that happen?The bras are definitely pricey, from $50-$150. I found several that look and feel great around $70-$80. That's about 1.5 times what I was paying at VS, but this was worth the splurge. As the other reviewer noted, I had to make an appointment, but there was no payment prior to the fitting when I signed up. The owner must have dropped that policy. She mentioned that she'll have some open hours coming up when an appointment won't be necessary.
<review# 281,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/28/2012,8/25/2012,29,41,1,3,2>This is a nice restaurant. I've only been on a few occasions -- occasions in which I was invited by someone else for a group dinner gathering. I've never visited PQS on my own.The salad bar is nice and offers many options. I like how the open salad bar comes with your meal.I do not eat red meat, so I cannot speak on the steaks. I've tried the tuna and swordfish here, and they were both nice.The environment is fun because you get to stand with others at the grill as you grill your food. Take a drink with you -- you'll be up there for probably 15 minutes or so. The wait staff has always been prompt and efficient during my visits; the servers have always approached me while grilling my food to still check on me.My complaint is that the decor is quite dated. The staff wears aprons, which reminds me of Shoney's Restaurants in the 1990s. The main colors in the restaurant are brown and that icky 1980s salmon/mauve tone. The way in which you cook your food is so fun, and I just wish the decor could be a little more fresh and modern to make the experience more exciting. PS -- I almost forgot to mention the Texas toast! Go ahead and butter them up and grill yourself a plateful! Yummmmm!
<review# 282,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/19/2011,8/24/2012,132,340,3,4,3>I was pleasantly surprised by this establishment.  It is a small unassuming restaurant. It is so delicious.  I had the Tuscan salad and it was just amazing.  The basil pesto and the roasted red peppers made this meal stand out as more than a mere salad.  I can only overuse the word amazing because there is no other word to describe the delicious food.  They have a traditional french-canadian dish called poutine.  It is fries with cheese curds and brown gravy.  It was absolutely delicious.  We were fortunate enough to go and get the special booth.  It is a small room for 6 with a private window directly to the bartender.The prices are more than fair for their food and their beverages.  Many people are bothered by the beer prices, however this is typical in downtown Madison outside of happy hours.  They have enough variety to make everyone happy.
<review# 283,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2011,8/23/2012,46,61,3,4,5>I bring all of my friends who come to visit to The Weary Traveler. No one has been disappointed. I moved to Madison from Minneapolis a few months ago, and this place is definitely a favorite of the places I've tried. The West of the Andes sandwich with roasted veggies is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. The servers are super accommodating. It was crazy busy last time I was there, and our server came back to mention to my dairy free friend that there is butter on the bun of the burger. My friend was impressed and said most servers wouldn't take the time to do that.Only warning is not to bring anyone hard of hearing; it's really loud at dinner time. But otherwise the ambience is pretty perfect. Pretty diverse crowd, too, which surprised me a little.
<review# 284,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2012,8/22/2012,20,49,4,6,7>I love this place.  One of the go-to carts on the Library Mall (be sure to follow on fb or twitter for location updates).  Their popularity during lunch may keep you waiting for 10 min.Their eggplant sandwich is amazing.  The f-bomb sandwich with chicken (includes their falafel) with hot and yoghurt sauce is amazing.  All their sandwiches come in cardboard containers that open up like a zippo lighter to easily nom down the sandwich without spilling any of the good stuff.I met Aaron and Netalee when they were down by Dayton and Orchard (by Union South, DoIT, CS) and they were extremely kind -- I only wish I could randomly run into them again; they don't seem to work in the cart when I go for lunch! :(
<review# 285,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/25/2012,8/21/2012,7,19,3,2,2>I moved to Madison from Chicago and left behind a wonderful stylist and wondered, "will there ever be another?"  After my first haircut in Madison at another salon left me with a mullet, you can bet I was nervous about finding someone who could read my mind and make my hair look how I want! Let me tell you, Jamie at Thorps really saved they day and my unfortunate haircut!  She understood that even if I didn't have a particular style in mind, I just wanted my hair to look pretty and nice.  She also understood that I want a haircut that will grow out nicely.  I couldn't be happier with my haircut - Hey, everyone, come see how good I look!!  I also really like the product that Jamie used on my hair - Davines.  It smells so nice and the company does not do animal testing (which is important to me).  I also like that Jamie did not try to pressure me into buying product - I am very interested in buying some, but not until I have finished what I have at home.  I thought the price for my haircut was very good as well ($40)I didn't give Thorps 5 stars because I was a just a little unimpressed with my boyfriend's haircut here.  He has been there before and one stylist did a great job with his haircut and trimmed his eyebrows (thank God) gave him a post-cut hair wash, and apparently a nice shoulder massage in there somewhere as well.  The other stylist gave him a nice haircut and that was all.  I will continue to see Jamie and the boyfriend will have to try to get in with the stylist her prefers next time!
<review# 286,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/1/2011,8/20/2012,49,73,2,6,4>Best dive in town! The burgers here are among the best in town, which is amazing considering what a tiny little place it is. They form each patty by hand and they put it on an amazing roll that absolutely makes the burger. Top notch!Laid back crowd, decent jukebox, good mix of beers on tap and in bottles, tasty food, and friendly bartenders. There is just something about the combination of everything it has to offer that just makes it a great place to hang out.
<review# 287,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/9/2011,8/19/2012,9,40,3,3,2>Allow me to express my undying love for New Orleans Take-Out. I lived in Madison almost 8 years ago and have yet to find another shrimp po' boy even remotely close to the delicacy at NOTO. It's one of those hole in the wall places that looks scary and not hygienic on the outside but is completely amazing and totally worth it. I remember the first time my dad took me for a "sandwich as big as yo head." I had just taken the ACT as a 6th grader and afterwards all I was really capable of was mumbling simple sentences. I remember being surprised that dad wasn't kidding, the sandwich really was as big as my head. And that it was like, really awesome. My fam were instantly regulars.8 years and 3 citites later, the search continues. I'm not even asking for a better sandwich (I don't think one exists), but one that's just as good (it seems like that doesn't exist either).Oh and if this review sounds similar to the one by Sheena F. it's because she's my sister. It's a family obsession.
<review# 288,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/21/2012,8/18/2012,37,61,2,4,2>MMOCA's exhibits are on the smaller side, but well curated. Hits:  Installation pieces on the first floor, Henry street galleries (lower level) and rooftop events during the summer.Misses:  Limited hours: Not open until noon and overly long exhibition periods...perhaps caused by funding issues. Hints:  Join for as little as $45 per year ($30 if you are a student). Also, ask your employer to be a corporate sponsor, the perks are fantastic and may even include the option to put pieces from their permanent collection on display in your office.
<review# 289,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/5/2012,8/17/2012,4,8,2,3,2>I am always trying new places in the Madison area for brunch, La Brioche continues to top the list.  The ingredients are consistently high quality and fresh, locally sourced.  Never been disappointed in anything I have tried.  Service is always good.  Love the french bistro inspired decor, very eclectic and elegant.  Live piano music adds a nice touch.  Not sure why some of the negative reviews, I used to live in a large city and La Brioche is definitely on par with the types of more upscale bistros I could find there.  If you are looking for classy, high quality spot for brunch then La Brioche won't disappoint.
<review# 290,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/4/2012,8/16/2012,13,6,3,3,3>Great beer and a great place to go with lots of friends.  Loud polka music to dance to (if drunk enough) and gigantic boots filled with strong German beers.  The beer menu is incredible, just be prepared to spend a little on it.  Also, DON'T BREAK THE BOOTS!!  They will charge your card for it and it's a hefty price.
<review# 291,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2014,7/13/2014,33,65,,6,4>You know how you hear so much about a place being great, that you can't help but be disappointed when you finally try it? Yeah, well that did not happen at Sal's. Perfect crust. Sauce so delicious I could eat a gallon of it with a spoon. Fresh mozz with just a hint of smokiness. Sweet Italian sausage that doesn't leave a pool of grease behind. Tomatoes so fresh you wonder where they got them. Just enough fresh basil on the pies to accent the flavors without overpowering. Friendly staff, and we got there just in time to avoid a wait. Sun Prairie seems so far from Verona, but this place is totally worth the trip.
<review# 292,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/21/2014,7/12/2014,14,122,,5,2>I replaced the battery (at a local jewelry store) in an old, beloved Swatch, but it kept losing time. Like, minutes on the hour. I was at the UW Children's Hospital and figured I'd get an expert watch-person's opinion of the problem with my watch. Turns out, it wasn't the battery (I was hoping it was, I love that watch) but an older watch whose part had just worn down. The woman working at Dykman's hooked my watch up to some machine that tested its ... ticker? Pulse? She was sympathetic but also very sure that the watch was the problem. While I was waiting I browsed the watches a little bit. They have some really beautiful ones for sale.
<review# 293,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2014,7/11/2014,177,529,2,7,4>Brasserie V is pretty similar to the other modern, trendy dining locations in Madison.The atmosphere is hip and lively, the food is wholesome and delicious (I'm looking at you, white truffle fries, pork ribs and duck breast), the wait inevitable and the prices fair.However, what really makes this place stand out among the rest is their drinks menu. And by menu, I mean a short book. Yes, they basically have pages on pages on pages of the different kinds of brew they serve. I don't care if you're the most picky person on this planet when it comes to beer, but you WILL find something you like.If you couldn't already tell, I'm a huge fan of their brew selection. Some of my favorites: Rochefort 10, Malheur, Schloss Eggenberg Samichlaus and the Konig Pilsener. And if you don't recognize any of these beers, then this place has definitely done their job correctly. Come here for the food, but stay for the draaanks!!
<review# 294,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,7/10/2014,24,6,,3,2>Oh The Old Fash... how I love thee, even on those nights that you have to wait a bit for a table, WORTH IT. This restaurant is as the name would suggest a throwback to all that is Wisconsin and our love for food and beer! (And cheese curds, haha.) While they don't brew on site as some pubs, this gem of the Capitol Square has one of the larger selections of microbrews that is sure to hit the spot. Oh and make sure you have them make one of their namesake drinks... The old fashioned.The food is very Wisco and a great blend of variety that you want from a downtown restaurant but with the flair and flavor of what small town Wisconsinites have enjoyed for years. The atmosphere is a bit eclectic and busy but it fits the mood of the restaurant, a place to come hang with your friends and family while taking in Wisconsin. The one downfall is that this place is almost too popular for its own good, especially during tourist season. They DO NOT take reservations, btw.Wait times can get pretty high but one nice perk is that their seating cue pagers allow you to go hang out on the square and not in the doorway. (just don't go too far, as the pagers won't work if you get busy shopping.)I love this restaurant and am glad that we have it here in the Capital City of WI to be a beacon for visitors that don't have time to explore the small cities and little intricacies that make Wisconsin WISCONSIN!
<review# 295,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/22/2014,7/9/2014,36,9,,4,1>Tons of interesting ice cream and paletas flavors including some other Hispanic desserts that cannot be found elsewhere in Madison.The staff let us sample when we had questions about some of the items and recommended the oreo paleta... it was delicious, lots of cookies and good texture.Hidden gem... will be going back!
<review# 296,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,7/8/2014,47,169,5,4,5>Well someone has to say it, DLUX is DLICIOUS!   The menu is not extensive by any means-but from what I can tell, what they do, they do well.  We ordered the parmesan fries, sweet potato fries, backyard bbq burger and the green goddess salad.  Everything was excellent.  The parmesan fries didn't get finished but every other plate was licked clean!  The bbq burger had the perfect amount of bbq sauce, the sweet potato fries were nice and crispy and the salad had the best honey cilantro dressing.  I can't wait to come back for a boozy brunch with bottomless mimosas.
<review# 297,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/30/2014,7/7/2014,37,102,2,5,5>This weekend we ventured out to an Indian restaurant that has received lots of love from Yelpers. Though a little bit far from where we live, it was worth a trip. Coming at 1145, the restaurant only had some customers inside. I love the ambience and the decoration. Pretty, neat and clean. When we walked to our table, my eyes are set to the announcement on the wall that says: ' if you pay in cash, you'll have a 5%off for lunch and a 10 % off for dinner. Fair enough.Once we were seated, the waiter came right away and brought the menu. Four of us chose one different dish so we could try four different meals. We had quite a variety of meals: naan garlic, fish vandaloo, chicken curry, shrimp curry, lamb biryani as the main courses. Samosa and lentil soup for appetizers. For the drinks, we had mango lassie and chai. Was a good experience! The price is reasonable too! We'll be back!
<review# 298,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/8/2014,7/6/2014,40,91,1,6,3>Best, I repeat: The best Donuts in Madison.Now, fortunately and unfortunately for me I work very close to Greenbush bakery. This means I have every opportunity to take advantage (maybe a little too often) of their awesome creations. Where do I begin.....Glazed, apple fritters, cream filled, jelly filled, Oreo creamed, cake donuts, Boston crème' Bavarian cream, and it goes on and on. It's hard not to say the selection is impeccable! Let me just make this very clear, these are not your every day grocery store donuts. These are homemade creations that you will be thinking about all day.Perfect donut. Go get one (or two, or three, or four) already! Done!
<review# 299,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,7/5/2014,49,113,2,6,3>Always searching for a lunch deal - that's me. Luigi's may become my near West side place to go when I am out doing errands and crave some cheezy fresh pizza and a salad.Lunch special - ANY pizza at 6 inch size with ANY small salad for $8.99. That is a good deal when the pizza is truly handmade with fresh mozz.I chose the housemade spicy sausage pizza and the arugula salad. Crust was thin and perfect really. (fyi- I am super picky about pizza crust.) Sausage was tasty. The salad was BIG for a small salad; it came with lots of caramelized onions, walnuts and fresh goat cheese.While a 6 in. pizza would not satisfy my husband - for me it is exactly right for lunch.Service was very friendly and prompt even though the place was busy at noon with 80% tables full and one large kid party.Tables have paper covers and crayons- fun!They were offering some fresh fruit Sangrias - which sounded awesome - must go back and try those!
<review# 300,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,7/4/2014,21,37,,11,7>5-Star because it is the only restaurant that offers really South Indian food in Madison. It adds much diversity to Madison's food scene. We tried Dosa and Uttapam. They are REAL!! Get a Ghee dosa. It would be both a month-opening and eye-opening experience if you have never tried it before. Fish curry was a very memorable dish. We also tried things under the "Chettinadu" category. Good stuff. They have a incredibly long menu. It will take maybe 10 visits to savor the full selection. For first few visits, I suggest sticking to things you can't find in other Indian places in Madtown. Based on our two dinner visits, both food and service is pretty good. I hope this new establishment on the west side will thrive in the coming years. CAUTION: The "Hyderabadi Dum Chicken Biriyani" is insanely spicy. I like spicy food in general and take on very spicy dishes. But this dish will be over the limit to most people. Consult before you order.
<review# 301,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,12/27/2012,17,15,,4,3>I was doing an experimental gluten-free diet per doctor's orders and I REALLY needed something baked and delicious. I was simply looking around online for gluten-free options and I stumbled upon Bloom. Oh my God, was it a find! I went in one day and, with the help of the very friendly staff, I chose some cupcakes. They were divine. They're sweet, but not TOO sweet, and they don't try to make up for anything by piling frosting on top - I HATE cupcakes with 3 inches of frosting. The cupcake should be the star of the show with the frosting as a supporting actor. And that's exactly how it is at Bloom. I'm not gluten-free anymore, as the diet showed I'm not allergic, but I still frequent Bloom for their delicious sweet treats. It's something that I can have as a treat once a week and not feel the least bit guilty about it.
<review# 302,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/13/2012,12/26/2012,85,196,,1,4>Don't let the pink siding and the decor inside scare you away.  The food here is in my top 3 in Madison.  Basically working off of a flat top and deep fryer, the small kitchen puts out solid and delicious (and very affordable) eats.  Their tacos are great.  Classic two corn tortillas wrapped around a meat, cilantro, and onions.  They bring out two different types of salsa for you to choose from.  Make sure you try either the sopes (ingredients on top) or the gordita (ingredients stuffed inside).  Both are made using a thicker tortilla that puffs up when fried. They are out of this world and for around $2.50 each, they are a bargain.Note:  If you decide to sit in the front of the restaurant, be prepared to carry the smells of the kitchen with you the rest of the day.  To me, a small price to pay to eat excellent fare!
<review# 303,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2012,12/25/2012,147,332,1,10,4>People get fussy about Mexican restaurants. Is it authentic (which region?)? Is it Americanized? Is it just like the Mexico they saw when they went on vacation? Are they from SoCal or Texas?  There's a place for platters of rice/beans and cheese covering 'something' underneath served with chips from a bag and red or green sauce. Then there are places that seem more real. La Mestiza is one. It's a notch or two up in feel and decor from Tac.Guadalajara and a bit fancier and pricier that La Guanjuatence. The menu is more limited and they seem to want to focus on doing a few things really well. They succeed. They have Negra Modelo on tap, always a good sign. Real Margaritas (talking to you La Guanjuatence!) are a win. The chips were freshly cooked, hot and delish!  Spousal Unit had the Chicken Mole enchiladas. I love mole. Theirs was good and she loved it. A little too sweet for my tastes and it could have been spicier (I say that a lot in Madison). I had the Yucatan classic, Cochinita Pibil. Nicely presented and flavorful. Unlike some of my favorite Mexican places, this is a place you could go on a date.
<review# 304,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/14/2012,12/24/2012,6,17,1,3,3>The food is phenomenal!  So many vegetarian/vegan dishes.  The stuffed grilled cheese is delicious as is the Bison burger.  The tables are apart from bar but you still get the feeling of being in a casual spot.  Service was great!  Highly recommend this place.
<review# 305,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/18/2012,12/23/2012,165,312,1,6,2>Old school, cozy supper club serving up a great fish fry and classic cocktails in Madison! My dad and I went to the Avenue on a Friday night around 6:30-7pm for dinner. Parking was somewhat of an issue, but we found a street spot after a few minutes. Thanks to the swag bag from the Yelp Elite event at DLux, we had a buy one get one free fish fry! We only waiting about 10-15 minutes for a table, which was not bad for a Friday night (after reading other Yelp reviews). Our starters came out quickly. My dad ordered the clam chowder...yum! Large chunks of clam, no salt and pepper needed! My house salad with homemade blue cheese dressing was surprisingly good. Then the fish fry. Nice pieces of cod, the batter was crispy and delicious. Nothing too special about the baked potato or fried. My Brandy Old Fashioned was tasty and strong. I love the decor and the feel of the place. I'll definitely be back to try some of the other dishes!
<review# 306,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/29/2012,12/22/2012,266,372,,3,5>Such a rare find in Madison! And to think that it was totally by chance that my friend and I even discovered this little gem on the East side.We were in the neighborhood because we wanted to try Sophia's bakery for brunch. Unfortunately, Sophia's was closed for the day, so we begrudgingly headed back to the only open restaurant/cafe within walking distance: JPH. As soon as we caught a whiff of the freshly brewed coffee and took a glance at the menu, our frowns turned upside down. It was instantaneous. Magical even. I got a flat white latte and a sunday breakfast sandwich (egg, cheese, ham, & a touch of maple syrup)... who would have thought that combination could taste so good. My mouth is watering just thinking about it.  I also love how they brew each cup of coffee to order. The baristas have truly mastered the art of coffee making! They take a while to prepare the food, but it is definitely worth the wait. There's also plenty of interesting art/furniture around the cafe to keep you busy as you wait. (:Patrons of JPH are very low key, and the establishment has a hippy-esque/laid-back feel (sans homeless people) that makes me nostalgic for the Berkeley coffee shops (yay cafe Med/Milano/Strada) that I used to frequent. If I go missing on a Sunday morning....I'm probably holed up at JPH with my laptop and a steaming cup of coffee!
<review# 307,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2012,12/21/2012,114,212,,9,4>Well, my answer to Asian One has finally arrived!Ventured out to Suwanasak after reading a couple reviews. I got the Naam Ya with chicken--a dish made with a bit of coconut milk, lemongrass, garlic, lime leaves and a couple other things--in a bowl of vermicelli noodles. The dish? Awesome. Really. Absolutely delicious! Spice level was spot on, flavors were excellent, price was cheap ($5.59!). Definitely authentic. This dumpy little restaurant in an off-the-path strip mall has finally answered my prayers!No, it's not the best Thai I've ever had, but as far as the best in Madison? Unequivocally--yes. I will be back...again and again and again.
<review# 308,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2012,12/20/2012,11,2,,4,3>Get the string beans with garlic sauce.  I know, I know, how good can they be?  They're just freaking beans, right?  Get them.The food is noticeably and consistently fresher and more flavorful than the other Asian delivery I've had so far in Madison.  Without digging around I can actually see vegetables and huge pieces of tender chicken in my Pad Thai. Yum.
<review# 309,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/9/2012,12/19/2012,3,10,,2,4>We went here on a recent mid-week night.  We got seated in the quieter side of the restaurant, which I was glad to see--compared to the entry/bar area, which was crowded, sounded like there was a live band, and had a football game on.  The server was attentive and quick.  I was going to get a beer but their cocktails list was tailored to the British public house feel so I tried one and would do so again. One of us ordered the avocado salad and the other ordered a burger, and both of us were pleased enough to want to return.I enjoyed coming here on a quieter weekday night.  Not sure what the weekend atmosphere is, but I have hopes to make this place a semi-regular outing.
<review# 310,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2012,12/18/2012,286,123,5,8,7>BEST GOAT I'VE EVER HAD!!!...ok, yes this is the first time I've had goat, BUT I have had a lot of Indian food before and this was so good.I absolutely had to order the cheese nan for an appetizer. It arrived in about 10 minutes after ordering, which was fine since I nommed on some of the crackers with cilantro mint relish while I waited.  The nan came with four pieces with a mild cheese on tip, which was absolutely scrumdilliumptious.  For my entree I wanted to go a little crazy, so I ordered the goat malabar.  I was a little frightened, never eaten goat before...but I was super surprised and excited that it was tender, flavorful and totally awesome.  I ordered it mild and it packed quite a punch.  I love that you can order different spiciness levels.  Super plus!They have a great selection of Indian beer too which was fun to try.  I ordered the flying horse, which was a light and refreshing ale that cut the heat of the spicy dishes.The gentlemen working were very polite.  They pulled out my chair and placed a napkin in my lap.  I felt like an Indian princess!  The only con was that the decor was a bit dated, with a 1980's feel.  The carpet was old and dingy and they had fake flowers on the tables which were rapidly collecting dust, not romantic!  However, the wait staff was always willing to come and fill up water and ask us how we were doing.  It felt nice to be taken care of.  I'll definitely come again and order something else adventurous.
<review# 311,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/4/2013,3/10/2013,209,840,2,3,2>Stopped by for some drinks and to hang out with the Unholy Rollers - one of Madison's Roller Derby teams - for their fan appreciation night.  We arrived rather early; the place was a bit slow, but that was A-OK, as the wait for drinks was non-existent.In a nutshell: low ceilings, uneven flooring, huuuuuuuge bar, tiny bathrooms, a really loud speed metal band, inexpensive drinks, really strong drinks, decent beer selection, great bartenders, and a fun crowd.  What more could you ask for?
<review# 312,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/25/2013,3/9/2013,25,76,3,7,3>I tried out DLUX after reading a few fantastic reviews, and now I get to add to them! Loooove this place. I'll get my downsides out of the way so I can get to the good stuff:1. Our server, Eric, was very casual--he said things like "Still chowin' then?" and "Yeah, for sure man." I thought it was kind of nice and different to have a server that wasn't overly polite, but this might not appeal to everyone.2. This is probably very old-lady-ish of me, but they turned the lights waaay down shortly after we got there, at about 6:30, and I wish they'd kept things a little brighter.Anyway, on to the list of why I love DLUX:1. Homemade, all-natural, strawberry-ginger soda. DONE.2. My DLUX burger was delicious! They cook all their burgers to the same juicy perfection, and the arugula/blue cheese/port wine-onion marmalade combination was unexpectedly good. Perfect portion size, too. My boyfriend summed this up well: "You know, sometimes I don't like burgers that aren't huge. Except when they're this good."3. The fries! Oh lord, the fries. I had sweet potato with sriracha mayo, and I loved the sweet/spicy balance. Boyfriend got the blue cheese & bacon fries, which were really rich and tasty.4. The price. Every burger is EIGHT dollars?! Yes please. I know it gets a little pricier if you add on sides, drinks, and the like, but I'd say this place is WAY worth it. For a few extra bucks over what you'd pay at a more casual burger place, you get delicious, well-portioned food, and a great atmosphere.Now I just have to plan my next trip to try the shakes...
<review# 313,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/1/2012,3/8/2013,35,12,,6,5>I know none of us beer-lovers wants to admit it, but craft beer has become completely mainstream. We've tried almost every style of beer out there, and deep down, we're pining away for something more.Which is why you should come here. In a city with a glut of amazing breweries and brewpubs, Vintage stands out because it does things differently than the other places. I always look forward to the bizarre and unique beer choices that I'll find each time I visit. Not to say that they don't also have very solid, classic styles of beer - the Woodshed IPA and the Derby Girl ESB are fantastic. I just love that I can also come here and try the Jinja Ninja or the bright pink Hibiscus Saison if I feel like mixing things up. If you come on Monday, the beers are only 2.50. Let me repeat that: amazing craft beer for 2.50 a pint.And quite frankly, Vintage is clearly home to some really innovative thinkers. When I attended the Great Taste of the Midwest in 2011, Vintage had what amounted to a huge, swank lounge set up at their booth. You could laze about on leather couches, enjoying the brightly colored fish swimming about in the enormous fish tank while you sampled their beers. This, in the middle of a grassy field at Olin Park.The atmosphere at Vintage itself is very similar. The place is dark, dark, dark, with low lighting, dark wood, and a beautiful aquarium behind the bar. There are many comfortable places to sit or lounge, and the dining area is similarly dark and comfortable. The icing on the cake is the brand new outdoor area, where you can eat or drink under the lovely little lights strung across the patio.I generally go to Vintage for the beer, but I've enjoyed some good meals there as well. They have creative menu ideas that are generally well-executed. The portions are huge, so feel comfortable splitting an entree with a friend.
<review# 314,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/7/2013,85,196,3,4,2>Full Disclaimer:I have been eating Falbo's since they first opened when I was in College.  My Senior year, I actually lived right above it when it was located on the ground floor of La Ciel.  Coming in after bartime to see what pizzas were ordered but never picked up was a pasttime. (cheap eats).  Maybe it was the constant wafting of pizza goodness coming through my windows but I have been a fan since Day 1.  Fast forward almost twenty years (yikes!) and the pizza still delivers.  While I am a fan of their thin crust, I feel their stuffed pizza is sublime.  My order is simple:  Stuffed pizza with banana peppers and pepperoni.  Take home and douse with Tapatio or Valencia hot sauce.  Consume enough to feed a small army.  Repeat every few months.Yes, the service can be gruff.  The location on Park St. is almost non-descript.  But these are small prices to pay for great pizza.
<review# 315,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/6/2013,18,76,,5,2>It had been years since I had dined at Sophia's. No good reason. We arrived around 9 and there were quite a few seats available. We shared a portobella, Gorgonzola omelet and grilled potatoes as well as a generous slice of a cherry sour cream cake. I had coffee and my partner had tea. Everything was absolutely delicious. The omelet was light and fluffy with a creamy fillings. the potatoes were charred just as I like them. The cake was moist  and not overly sweet. All and all a perfect meal. Towards the end of our stay we were joined by a lovely couple which only served to enhance the experience. I plan to return to Sophia's again soon.
<review# 316,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,3/5/2013,11,24,,2,3>I went to Genna's Lounge for the first time last Saturday night for the monthly Madison Urban Spoken Word event. It featured a slam, an open mic, and a feature poet, all accompanied by sweet live music (mostly percussion). I really loved this event so I naturally liked the venue.The event was on the second floor of Genna's which has a bar of its own, several tables, a bathroom, and a stage. There were a lot of people there so it was very packed! The room shape didn't really facilitate the best viewing experience because in many seats it was hard to see around walls and stuff to the stage. It is a tiny place.It was a very cool environment and place to be. As most of these reviews say, the place is pretty divey, and the bathroom pretty gross (reusable towel on a roll, I hate those!), but the event, ambiance, and people more than made up for it.I'll definitely be going again.
<review# 317,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2012,3/4/2013,266,372,3,3,3>Can't decide between a hot mocha or a glass of wine for your mid-afternoon study break? At Barriques, you don't have to choose! Who says you can't double fist with an espresso shot in one hand and rose wine in the other?If I wasn't a Starbucks gold card holder...you know that I would be here 24/7 with my Belly card. The hipster-esque environment offers this wannabe hipster (me) a nice respite from the all-too-suburban west side of Madison. The coffee is a nice, strong brew, and the crowd is of an older, scholarly sort. All pluses in my book. :) Also, I can see the random assortment of bar supplies and wine glass ornaments being a nice distraction from whatever work/studying I may find myself doing at Barriques.The yelp check-in deal for 50% off any coffee or espresso drink was also a very pleasant surprise. I'm not sure how long this is going to last - but I'd suggest that all ya'll yelpers take advantage of it while it lasts!
<review# 318,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2013,3/3/2013,114,212,6,7,3>WOW. Madison's new king of tacos!I was pretty upset about the closing of La Guanajuatence and kept wondering if any restaurant could ever take its place. Well, good news--we went to Taqueria Sabor Querento and I have to say--the food is FANTASTIC.Sure, there's no salsa bar, but this place just has incredible tacos and Mexican food in general. Tacos will run you $2.50 each, but the meat servings are enormous. Pastor here? Excellent. I also got a carnitas sopes--which was too big for $3.50. Coupled with the taco, I couldn't finish it.Oh, and to the people complaining about the decor--ignore them. Clearly, those philistines have never been to a legit, authentic Mexican restaurant. Go here, get everything. Seriously.I am THRILLED that Madison (I mean me) has a new place to go for superb Mexican. Keep calm and om nom nom, people.
<review# 319,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,3/2/2013,40,91,,6,3>If you are craving a massive bar burger from a towny bar, this is the place to go. The burgers are so large that you should plan on cutting it in half and take the other half home. They are excellent!If you order the bacon burger, you can expect at least 6 plus long stripes on bacon on it, I was completely amazed with the quantity and quality of the burger. Amazing. I have also been to the Eagle Crest on Taco Tuesday. Prepare yourself for the largest taco you will ever see. If you order the taco salad they give you a very large plate stacked high with chips and all the fixings. It's great. More than any one person can eat in one sitting. This is a bar people! Don't expect proper waitress service, the bar tenders are serving you most of the time. Just be happy that this particular bar has amazing food. Since this is a bar, maybe the best Bloody Mary in town. It comes in a large mug with 2 huge shrimp, a beef stick, pickle, and green olives. A meal in itself. If your hungry and don't want to spend a lot of money, this is the place I would suggest.My new favorite bar.
<review# 320,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/28/2012,3/1/2013,165,312,,7,4>Oooh, I love Roast Public House! A sweet spot, a little hard to find in the middle of State Street, but maybe that's why it's so cool...most tables were full but not packed and it wasn't loud at all. I liked the vibe...not commercial at all and a little bit of a cozy feel, but spacious.My friend and I sat at the bar. The bartenders were awesome, super nice, and attentive. They even gave us Hershey kisses after our meal! My Roasted Eggplant Napoleon sandwich was delish! My friend had the daily special sandwich which included pulled pork with some sort of bruschetta topping. She loved it! Prices are reasonable, sandwiches are big and filling, and they have daily drink specials. We got a pitcher of New Belgium seasonal beer for $9!!!Roast has a downstairs area with ping pong, darts, and a large TV. Plenty of TVs upstairs for game watching as well. I can't wait to go back!
<review# 321,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/17/2013,4/30/2013,12,25,2,3,2>This place is fantastic! I have never dined in, but it looks very nice and cozy inside. The staff is always extremely friendly when picking up take out. Everytime I come here, the food is incredible. My latest roll was the Kiss of Fire. I highly recommend it. It has become my favorite roll! They also have great standard rolls e.g. spicy tuan, etc. I've never had a bad piece here.
<review# 322,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2013,4/29/2013,67,136,,8,7>I would say they got the Slow Coffee movement going on. No cheap coffee sitting in airpots for an hour or more.French press, chemex, V60, lattes, cortado(my favorite),.....all worth the price.Free wifi, chill baristas, laid back mellow music in the background, and can't go wrong with any of the sandwiches. Also can't forget the great selection of beers in the cooler. See that more and more in cafes.
<review# 323,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,4/28/2013,87,148,2,2,2>Erin Snug is the closest we have found to an original Irish Pub. After spending time in Ireland we long for the pubs of old! :) The room divided Erin Snugs affords us the feel that we are back in Ireland. New to the area and living close to Erin's we have been there more then any other establishment in the Madison area. For dinner we try to get there early to avoid the rush that seems to start after 6 pm. My husband and I usually split two dishes, our go to favorite of fish and chips, and one other to try something new. We have loved everything except for the shepherds pie which we found a little bland. We recommend the Fish and Chips for dinner and the Corn beef sandwich for lunch. Also the Rueben rolls on the appetizer menu are great! Service has always been good to great there. One waitstaff even took the need we had for feeding our 2 month old into consideration when she was choosing a table for us. Two of the times we have been there they have had some sort of live music. Both times were a pleasant surprise. Do take a moment to sit in front of the giant fireplace for a while. Chad and I sit there after dinner and chat...prolonging needing to get our kids from the sitter. :) If you are in the area, do stop in for a Guinness and sandwich. Well worth the stop.
<review# 324,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/15/2013,4/27/2013,60,85,2,5,3>I live walking distance from Forequarter, and am so happy to have this addition to the neighborhood! Went here on a Thursday night around 6, and my sister and I were lucky to snag two seats at the bar for dinner; the place fills up fast with only 6 tables and an average-size bar. The food and cocktails are both thoughtfully and beautifully made, usually with local ingredients, like Death's Door vodka or cheese from a Wisconsin dairy. We had a Manchego-like goat cheese platter with seeded bread, Marcona almonds, and a peach compote, and we also asked to have the pickles that come with the sausage platter. The cheese was wonderful: rich and nutty. The pickle plate had olives, pickled radishes and beets, and cornichons. The pickled radishes were crunchy and flavorful, as well as a beautiful light-pink color. Our main dishes were trout with fig and chorizo pesto with micro greens and crispy beets on top, and chile-braised beef tongue with smashed gigante beans. Both were incredible: the tongue was super savory and satisfying, with a texture reminiscent of pork belly. The fish was cooked perfectly, and paired super-well with the "pesto" (more like a jam than a pesto). Had a piece of dark chocolate cake for dessert which was also off the hook. The dark and stormy was spicy and refreshing, and my sister had a drink called something like a Wisco Pisco, made with grappa and  egg white , which was delicate and flavorful. I'll be back.
<review# 325,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/11/2013,4/26/2013,19,133,2,5,4>If you like dark chocolate, this is your place! I went here on a whim with my friend after a big breakfast at Blue Plate Diner and got a 6-piece box of truffles and chocolate dipped candied orange peels. Soooo yummy and satisfying. I really like how smooth the chocolate was and the variety of flavors. They have the usual flavors like salted caramel and raspberry, but they also have some interesting varieties like ginger. Definitely recommend.
<review# 326,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/15/2013,4/25/2013,11,51,5,4,3>Guys. GUYS.They have a crème brûlée cupcake. Do I need to say more than that?Edit: Apparently, I DO need to say more than that. I honestly thought the words 'crème brûlée' and 'cupcake' would be enough to entice any Yelpers who may read this review. (Isn't "crème brûlée" French for "I love you and want you to be happy"?) Anyway, the crème filled the center of the vanilla cupcake and pooled over the top, and was perfectly burnt and crispy. The heavier cake was perfect--and necessary, really, otherwise I imagine the crème would just fall out the bottom of the cupcake, which would be a tragedy (if you couldn't catch the cupcake bits with your face).
<review# 327,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,4/24/2013,45,276,,4,2>Lombardino dinner with good companies was a welcoming scene at the end of a cold, rainy Wednesday (in April, sigh).This place makes me feel so relaxed (get the table #4 - end booth in the brick section). The wine they had on special was so delicious, and the our server was so pleasant and attentive. I like old-school service and atmosphere in restaurants, so this was very well-suited for me. On to the food. Appetizer calamari was good. I can't claim that it's the best - I prefer higher ratio of calamari to breading, but the seasoning was good.Pasta dishes vegetarian Pappadelle and eggplant/tomato spaghetti was good as well. Again, not out of the world fabulous, but deserving of 3-4 stars. 3 of us shared a desert plate - my favorite was sour-cream ice cream. That was 5 star yummy.Yep, I broke all my vegan rules, but it was worth it. Expanding horizon is always fun.
<review# 328,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/12/2013,4/23/2013,14,8,2,2,2>I don't know the first thing about flowers, but this place was lovely. The warm humid atmosphere is a welcome respite from the frigid winter. I hear the outdoor gardens are great as well, but didn't get to explore those (again, frigid winter). Not a bad place for a family outing (our 3 yr old loved leading us around following his "map"). Oh, And it's cheap.
<review# 329,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/22/2013,49,113,1,4,5>I am a big PHO fan and you should have it here.But there is a WEEKEND ONLY special which you should also try!! The Vietnamese crepe- Banh Xeo. This is a yellow crepe made with rice flour, coconut milk and turmeric; filled with minced chicken, shrimp, beansprouts and green onions. Served with Lettuce and fresh basil, cilantro and mint.You take a piece of leaf lettuce and place a piece of crepe and filling inside, top with fresh herbs, roll it up, dip in the sauce and eat. It all sort of falls apart and is super messy- but DELISH!!The new design and space is beautiful and clean. A big bench area for people waiting for take-out that does not infringe on dining space.Usually very busy, but the servers seem to keep up well and with energetic efficiency.Beer in bottles only, but that is better than none.
<review# 330,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/12/2013,4/21/2013,132,340,3,5,3>Ok - I am going to be the first admit that I am a bit of a hater.  I am very cautious about trying restaurants outside of Madison.  Is that terrible of me?  Yes.  Most of the time it is because I hate driving if I might get disappointed.  Turns out this place is just a short drive outside of Madison.  It is right on Main Street and easy to find.Now let's get to the meat of it.  And yes, I mean the MEAT.  We decided to build our own pie.  Frabonni's italian sausage, pepperoni and green peppers.  Wow.  The meat was flavorful without being greasy.  The crust was thin without being too flimsy.  You need a fork and knife for bigger slices but it eventually gets manageable enough to eat with your hands.  The pizzas only come in one size to make everything easy.  The sauce is delicious and they know exactly how much to use.  I can not describe the pizza the way I would like and stay G-rated.  Let's just say I had a moment.   They are generous with the toppings, which impresses me.Now, we went out on a limb and tried the trio of desserts.  Panna cotta on a bed of pistachios with honey, caramel gelato with strawberries and a chocolate chip cookie and a cannoli.  It was only $9 for 3 desserts!  It was a deal. It could have easily been split by one more person (it was myself and one other person).  Now overall, the price was a bit higher than I like for the pizza but you get what you pay for.  This definitely was not PIzza Hut.  The place is small, there are only 11 tables, but you do not feel cramped.  I loved it.  I want to go again.  As a girl who grew up in Chicago, I can say this is the best pizza I have had in Madison.  I think they have sufficiently invented addictive pizza.
<review# 331,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2013,1/11/2014,41,78,,9,4>when i heard that plate & barrel was opening in sun prairie, i was excited. my husband and i already love buck 'n honey's, which is in the same building & run by the same people as plate & barrel, so i knew we'd be fans.my husband and i joined another couple for dinner there on a friday night. we called ahead and got a table, but the small space was very full.small plates are my jam, and the more things i can taste, the better. clearly, it was a no-brainer to share a bunch of dishes with our friends. we all started with drinks and i love that they offer wine by the bottle, by the glass, and they have a BIG POUR option, which i definitely went with. i also tried our friend's fig old fashioned, which is probably one of the most delicious drinks i've ever tasted.definitely start with a cheese plate if you go. we tried 4 cheeses and all were delicious. it comes with crispy bread and jams, fruit, & nuts. we pretty much licked the cheese board clean.we also tried the pork belly nachos which were of course delicious (hard to go wrong with pork belly.), the polenta & sausage, and the duck sliders. i don't know how, but we saved room for dessert & tried the tiramisu.there was literally not a single bite left on any of the plates when we were done. as we left we couldn't stop talking about the other dishes that we MUST try next time. high on the list are the bacon wrapped dates, the bread plate, and the korean ribs.highly recommended!
<review# 332,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/5/2014,1/10/2014,3,7,,3,2>I like this place.  Though it was hard to locate at first, I found the diversity of the menu to be well worth the journey.  I first tried it a few weeks ago.  I had the Bacon wrapped shrimp with the shellfish Bisque.  My friend had the Po Boy sandwich and the beer cheese soup.  We compared notes and concluded that this little food truck is the best kept secret in Janesville.  Everything tasted fresh and the flavors and seasonings were excellent. Last week, I suggested that a group of us order it from work. (They deliver)  We ordered the fish tacos, salmon patty cakes and Grays soda.  Everything was mouth watering and we can't wait to order again this week.  So I was the hero in the office last week for my suggestion.  Thanks South Padre!  Good Job!
<review# 333,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2013,1/9/2014,47,33,7,10,5>I feel right at home when the first thing asked of me upon sitting down at a table is, "Bloody Mary's?" On a Sunday morning recovery lunch excursion, our server didn't have to ask us twice. Their Bloodies have the perfect amount of spice and flavor - definitely a fan.For food, I opted most recently for the BLFT, which OMFG, why have I not been requesting my tomatoes to be fried in a beer batter for every sandwich I've ever eaten? I went with a cous cous salad with pumpkin and walnuts for my side since it was the special for the day. It's all about balance, my friends. My companion hammered through the Tinshack Smokehouse Burger with fries and after taking a bite of the burger, I almost went hobbit on that lunch and devoured both our meals. I think I'm still trying finding green peppercorn aioli under my nails. Yum. Ew.Warm ambiance and a casual setting with anything but casual food. The only downside is they only take cash but the fee for the ATM isn't too lucrative. Get at it.
<review# 334,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/23/2013,1/8/2014,20,12,,4,4>DLUX is the type of restauant every city needs. It's a burger joint that can satisfy everyone's tastebuds. They have sorta burgers (non-beef patties), vegetarian and a gluten free menu. 8 bucks a burger and 2.5 for small order of fries. It's really all you need and worth it especially when ordering a sorta burgers with a side of fries (I think). Sorta burgers have ingredients you don't normally find at any burger joint and they are delicious. Whitefish and shrimp with asian slaw, Portobello caprese, white bean with tortilla strips...it goes on. And select any of their fries, you'd be happy with whatever you get. My fave is the sweet potato fries with sriracha mayo. Oh man, now I'm craving it again!Dlux is definitely one of my all time fave...been there a thousand times!getnmahbelly.com/2012/10…
<review# 335,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,1/7/2014,2,7,,7,4>Eldorado has the best margaritas I've had in Madison. Tex Tubb's is a close second, but Eldorado is the best. Check out their happy hour, the drinks are cheaper! You can even get discounts on neat pours of their amazing tequila selection.I've been here quite a few times and never been disappointed. The drinks are great, the staff is wonderful, and the food is fantastic.The brunch deserves its own paragraph. It's my favorite brunch in town. Good drinks and wonderful tex-mex food. I'm reading a 3-star review on the sidebar as I write this and I can't believe it. Someone complaining about no free chips and salsa (they're really cheap), the queso (which we've ordered twice and the waitstaff always explained was not normal queso) and the lack of frozen margaritas... seriously? If you want cheap, by-the-numbers big-box type mexican, go to Pedro's. This restaurant is for people that enjoy good food and drinks.Sorry, back to the brunch. I've had half a dozen items off the brunch menu and loved every one. If you come here on Sunday morning, you might want to make a reservation because everyone knows what a great brunch they have and they all come on Sunday. It's a bit more expensive than your average Mexican or Tex-Mex place, but the quality of the food, drinks, and service is well worth it.
<review# 336,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/28/2013,1/6/2014,6,32,2,4,3>natt spil natt spil.. It's probably one of my favorite bars in Madison. Tucked away on the King street next to the Great Dane. I have been coming here for drinks ever since I turned 21 so like 4 years ago? (god I'm getting old). I love the ambiance. it's dark.. most of the time you can't see anything (so come here if you just want to chill on a friday night with a drink or two and don't want to put any make up on .. no one will notice lol).  there's always a DJ when I'm there which are mostly on weekends. oh and the red oriental lanterns remind me of old school Chinese movies. In terms of drinks, I like the mojito.. really well made and so refreshing, reminds me of the mojito I had from Spain. I remember I was not a fan of Yokohoma mama but I don't remember what was in it. I also like High Tea, little gingerly taste and citrusy. I also had wine a few times. I have never had their martini.. not sure why.. but that will be on my list to try next time. My friend who's also a fan of Natt spil mentioned to me their dim sum is worth a try too. However I'm a little skeptical about the authenticity dimsum at a bar in Madison.. I will reserve my dimsum cravings for the tea house in Chicago. Last but not the least, for us poor college students, the price is not your typical college bar.. average drink ranges between $7-8 which is a reason why I gave it a 4 and not a 5.
<review# 337,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2013,1/5/2014,23,53,,5,2>Due to closeness, I'm almost a regular at the Echo.  I usually have a low tolerance for sports bars, but i've managed to grow fond of the Echo Tap.  Maybe part of it is because its location isn't that close to Camp Randall, so they don't get as high of volume of drunken fans that are hanging out before/after the game, but it's still in the downtown area, so it doesn't attract very many townies either.    So, in regards to the crowd there, it's a good mix of college kids/young professionals/middle aged people.  It's a variety that I enjoy.Food wise, it's solid for the most part.  Some of their dishes are hits, such as the Tofu Walnut Burger, or the Aristotle's Dilemma Pizza.  I've had a few things that I would only call okay though, like the deluxe grilled cheese, or the nacho plate.  So, I usually just stick with only a few of the items.  They're one of the more vegetarian friendly sports bars, so if that's a need you have (Like I do), then this spot will definitely serve a need for you.The drink selection is also fine.  There's at least one of every major beer type there, and most of them are from Wisconsin.  I believe there's about 20 taps available, and there's also more choices in bottles if you're feeling more adventurous.  They do some cocktails as well, but it's mostly just the standards that you're used to, and it isn't too adventurous.  They don't carry much (if any) top shelf liquor, so don't expect the cocktails to be too fancy or amazing.Overall, I enjoy the Echo Tap, and it's usually one of my first choices for a place to go watch the game at with the bros.  Like I said, I have a really low tolerance for sports bars, so just the fact that I can say that I kinda like this place says a lot in comparison to the rest.  Also, it's fun to do trivia here on occasion, so it's a good place to hit up on Sunday nights.
<review# 338,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/30/2013,1/4/2014,20,32,,3,2>I love tacos, and I'm definitely coming back here for more. $2 a taco + no wait to sit down + pick your own drink from the grocery fridge + Mexican television in the background = pleasant afternoon. If you're going for tacos, I'd stick to the carne asada and al pastor. The chicken, even though covered with delicious cojita cheese, wasn't very flavorful. Even though there's plenty of room in the restaurant area and it's cool since you walk through the grocery store to get there, the atmosphere lacks a little - so you may not want to plan a romantic date at this Mexican grocery/restaurant. In that case, I'd recommend grabbing some cojita cheese and marinated beef from the deli to make those romantic tacos at home. Speaking of the grocery, it has some great items you won't normally find at other places, like Inka kola and tamarind soda. It seems a bit hit or miss though, but fun to look around. Nice selection of spices and candy.
<review# 339,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2013,1/3/2014,182,198,4,9,5>Bringing some (much needed) south of the border flair to the west sideWho woulda thunk it - decent Mexican food on the far west side?!?  All the recent debate about Madison's best nachos had me on the prowl for some solid Mexican eats.  So I grabbed the WaunaQueen on her lunch break and we headed over to America Latina.  While I'm sorry to report the hunt for the Nacho Holy Grail came up empty (sorry GeekySteve!), this little eatery served up some seriously delicious Mexican grub.  Things I liked: * The complementary chips and salsa were solid.  The chips were extremely fresh and came with three salsa choices: mild, hot and verde.  The verde offered a mouthful of tomatillo goodness with a kiss of heat.  While I wish the tomatillos were charred more, things were off to a very good start. * Our server was personable and efficient.  She walked us through the lunch menu and checked in with us often.  She made a fresh pot of coffee for me when I arrived and kept my coffee cup full throughout the meal.  The restaurant was spotless and bathed in natural light from the front windows. * The $2 el pastor taco was fantástico!   Pork and pineapple living in perfect harmony.  I will dream about this dish for quite some time and sleep with a smile of contentment on my face. * The $7 chicken tinga quesadilla was a hit with my dining companion.  The 12" golden brown corn tortilla was brimming with moist chicken in a mild tomato sauce. While the dish could have used a little more zip, that problem was easily remedied with a shot of the hot salsa.Things I didn't: * The chorizo taco fell flat for me.  It wasn't bad - its only crime was that I consumed it after I ate the transcendent el pastor taco. * The place was near empty during the lunch hour.  My wife works across the street and had no idea this place existed.  It would be a damned shame if this place doesn't survive.  Tell your friends about this place - they will shower you with praise for suggesting it.That it for the negatives.While I was there, the server shared that the restaurant sells $1 tacos on weekend between 2pm and 4pm.  ONE DOLLAR TACOS, folks!!!  So now you have no excuse at all for not giving this place a shot.
<review# 340,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/24/2013,1/2/2014,4,70,,4,2>My cousin raved about this place so we had to try it. It is a cute and unique little place. The lentil soup was decent. My boyfriend really liked it, I found the texture strange but I think I'm just not into lentils.I had the beef sandwich. The meat was so flavorful. I asked for no peppers. I didn't realize it came with tons of onions. Once I picked them off the sandwich was great.They have some different beers you wouldn't normally see too which was good.I can't say I'd go back out of preferences but I would recommend to others as a good place to try for something different.
<review# 341,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/31/2013,6/10/2013,6,9,,3,2>This is a good lunch place on Atwood by the Olbrich Gardens and not too far from campus.  I have eaten here often and really enjoy the curry dishes.  The squash curry is excellent, but I also really like the peanut curries.  The portions are generous, and the price is amenable.  While the food is good, it doesn't blow me away, the curry flavor could be more pronounced, the vegetables can get a little overcooked, and the dish ingredients can get a bit muddled.  Overall, the one on Willy street is better tasting and more consistent, but for a convenient, tasty sit-down lunch, little is left to be desired here.
<review# 342,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,6/9/2013,204,159,2,8,8>In your hour of snot-filled need save some time; skip the medicine dances and trips to the drug store for more Kleenex because Community Pharmacy has every antidote you need. The staff is kickass and has solved every headache, flu, weird rash (I won't go into those), and inexplicable itch I've encountered in 4+ years in Madison. If you want a natural cure to what ails you, this is the absolute best place to go.
<review# 343,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/2/2013,6/8/2013,4,4,,3,2>Graze offers inventive and delicious food without pretention or cliché. From burgers, fried chicken, and the best cheese curds in Madison to pork buns, bimbimbap, and grilled smoked tofu, no taste goes unsatisfied.  My first experience at Graze came on a warm April night.  As I walked in, I was immediately struck by the all-glass walls that bathed the entire restaurant in the bright lights of Capitol Square. My group and I were led through the lively dining room to our table, and we began to pore over the eclectic menu. I ordered the pork buns as an appetizer along with the rainbow trout.  We also split an order of cheese curds for the table. The curds were crispy, melty, squeaky, deep-fried perfection. Paired with a house-made ranch sauce, they were a perfect start to our meal at Graze.Next were the pork buns, which momentarily transported me from Capitol Square to a large dim sum banquet hall.  Pillowy steamed buns gave way to rich pork belly and sweet hoisin sauce, with crunch kimchee providing artfully balanced acidity.The rainbow trout was the least memorable of the dishes, but was stll very tasty. The fish was lightly seared with crispy skin and flaky flesh.  Lightly sautéed greens and a tarragon vinaigrette provided a pleasant finish to the dish.Graze is a fantastic restaurant with inventive food, impressive service, and a dining room humming with excitement.  As is the case at many great restaurants, the entrees don't quite measure up to the more whimsical small plates.  But it hardly seems fair to complain after a meal as good as this one!
<review# 344,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/21/2013,6/7/2013,39,38,,2,2>We tried Cooper's for the first time this weekend and it was fantastic. A little crowded - but hey, it was Friday night. I highly recommend the ham sandwich on a pretzel bun. I do not recommend the pretzel breadsticks. The pretzel itself is fine - but the cheese dipping sauce is bland. We added salt to the sauce, which helped a bit. Still... I'd rather save the calories for the meal.We sat by the front window which was a great people-watching opportunity. The beer selection was good - but of course I'm lame and ordered my go-to beer: Lake Louie's Scotch Ale. You just can't beat it.We'll be back for sure.UPDATE: We tried Cooper's for brunch on a Saturday morning. It was so good we returned the following Saturday. Their breakfast sandwiches on giant English muffins are fantastic - and I highly recommend the banana bread french toast. YUM.
<review# 345,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2012,6/6/2013,7,16,,2,2>Good prices, low key atmosphere.  Homemade chips are very addicting!  Try the Jordan burger, it's absolutely my fav.  Great for lunch.  Overall the best bar food in Madison.  Can be really crowded for games and the parking is mostly street.  Also great Friday fish fry.
<review# 346,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/21/2013,6/5/2013,18,76,,9,6>Yue Wah is the best grocery store in Madison. It is well stocked and the prices are excellent. The owners deserve a medal. They have weathered a challenging community, meeting the needs of a cultural melting pot. The City owns the mall and let it decay into the ground. They left Yue Wah waiting to know their fate as they remodeled all the other parts of the mall. I was so concerned that Yue Wah would pick up and leave. They gutted it out and hopefully will be in a new place soon.I love shopping for produce on Tuesdays when a new shipment comes in. Those that have made disparaging comments should really take a look at our changing city and try to develop some cultural awareness. This store represents the current Madison, a rich and diverse community. As a foodie, I love the opportunities Yue Wah provides.  Shop there. it is a gem!
<review# 347,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/22/2013,6/4/2013,49,73,,5,1>Their regular menu is great, but their specials are just that - special. I would say that 90% of the time I eat one I say something along the lines of "this is one of the best things I have ever eaten", and I truly mean it. The only thing holding them back from being 5 stars for me is that I don't enjoy the coffee selection they have out regularly (an important thing for me) and I wish they were open later. I keep wanting to eat brunch at different places around Madison, but I am continually drawn back to Crema. Also, it gets really busy, so plan ahead!
<review# 348,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2013,6/3/2013,5,9,,8,5>The bbq is perfect. We tried quite a few items and everything was really done well. All the food tasted good and was freshly prepared. The portions were more than we could finish, which was great - leftover bbq! We've traveled around Texas, South Carolina and other parts south to try great bbq, and I really think this place measures up to anywhere. Good quality cuts of meat, rubbed well and smoked just right.The Badger Feast: ribs, beef brisket, pulled pork, ham, bacon and wings (the wings were a sub for rotisserie chicken, which was unavailable because they had literally just opened).The ribs were smoky and tender, juicy - amazing. The pulled pork was sauced, but so lightly it was almost seasoned. Not dry, not too sweet, not too anything. Just perfect. The wings were right on, too.Chicken salad sandwich: fantastic. Good chicken in there with a few fresh and juicy grape halves, whose sweetness contrasted nicely with the onion to make a great summer sandwich.Sides: Potato salad was excellent. The slaw is creamy and not sweet. The beans were flavored with bell pepper and beef, I think. Skip the corn. Kids: We tried breaded and deep fried triangles of mac & cheese. No one would accuse you of nutritionally overloading your kids, but they were fun to eat.Drinks: The strawberry lemonade was out of this world. Fresh pureed strawberries in there. The place: easy to find. The parking lot is small but adequate. We walked in and the owner and staff are still putting the place together. We got a genuinely friendly greeting, immediate seating, and drinks right away. The dining area is sunny and clean. Seating at booths, tables, picnic tables or unique tractor seats at the bar. TV with ESPN on and a little music. A few video games in a corner. Some appropriately rustic decor.We'll be back.
<review# 349,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/31/2013,6/2/2013,34,34,2,9,1>A hidden gem!I've worked in this area for about a year now and thought I had found all the good lunch spots in the capitol square area.  Add this one to the list!  Came here with some colleagues for lunch during the week.  There are two areas, the front--- which is mostly a bar area. The back area-- which also has a bar, but more dining tables.  Our service was great and so was the food.  If you're on the search for good cheese curds, check this place out.  They were light and gooey and the ranch matched perfectly (funny, but true).  They're hand breaded and locally sourced from Westby, WI.I had the rueben which was pretty solid.  picture attached.  And yes, finally a restaurant that takes their cole slaw seriously.  Very good.My co-worker had the Shaved Ribeye Sandwich.  The dude wouldn't shut up about how good it was! He kept saying stuff like "this sandwich changed my life"   and "Wow, I didn't even need to dip it in Au Jus."  He had a cup of the beer cheese soup which was also very good. Add this place to your list.
<review# 350,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2013,6/1/2013,73,144,5,7,2>I really can't believe that I'm saying this, but I think Brioche has knocked out my #1 and is my new favorite restaurant in Madison. Come here for a true dining experience; you won't be disappointed.We went for brunch and it was pretty busy, but we didn't have to wait for a table. I got the mushroom omelet and my friend got the veggie benedict. Both were tasty, as were the greens that came with it and the soup we got as an appetizer.We had to try something from the bakery too, so after asking our waitress for her recommendation, we took a morning bun to go (they're known for them). Also great.The thing that gets me about this restaurant is that it's not a dinner (or a lunch, brunch, etc.); it's an experience. Everything in the place has been thought out and made as comfortable as possible. For example, the entire restaurant has been designed with feng shui concepts (and is explained in a little book on the table!), they serve reverse-osmosis water that's made onsite, and they have table lamps at the smaller tables.Seriously, Brioche, A+. I will be back again VERY soon.
<review# 351,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,9/21/2014,8,8,1,3,4>Love this place!  The owner is so awesome... So passionate about his amazing recipes and of course: the Kansas City Chiefs!  He decided to bring his award winning barbecue  (check out all the awards on the wall when you come!) straight from Kansas City... and I'm glad he did! :)Beef brisket is yummy, I absolutely love the chicken cordon bleu (made with my favorite item on the menu: their smoked chicken), and when you come, you HAVE to have an appetizer!  It's a tie between the the jalapeño poppers (aka jalapeño boats stuffed with goodness) and the cheese balls.   You decide for yourself! The atmosphere is quaint.  Clean, well decorated, and smells delicious from the moment you walk in.  Good place to watch football, or have a family dinner.Yum.  Add this to your "must try" list.
<review# 352,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,9/20/2014,40,91,2,3,4>Pizza Brutta is a nice change of pace pizza joint that offers a light/fresh choice for pizza. They have a great wood fired oven that cooks the pizza super quick! Toppings are somewhat traditional with a sense of "originality/vintage" pizza. I think that this pizza is classic. It hits all the basics that you would want to find when eating a pizza just like you were sitting in a café in Italy. From a choice of topping like mushrooms, arugula,  pitted olives, fresh mozzarella, and a great choice of meats, Pizza Brutta really makes a great little (single order, but I guess you could share) pie! Huge salads.....make sure you plan to share this if you order one. I'm not a big fan of crust on my pizza, but after giving Pizza Brutta a few chances now, I can honestly say I enjoy eating their crust. It has a almost sweet taste to it that gives it a "I want to finish the entire slice" kind of feeling.  4 stars because I wish I could have some more toppings. I'm a topping kind of guy and I want a lot of them! More cheese too!!!! It is so tasty, and I just want more for my personal preferences. Plenty of seating!!!! Order and pay upon arrival at the counter.Excellent wine, beer, and other drink choices. Very accommodating staff!!!!!It's very nice to see a unique pizza place like this in Madison.
<review# 353,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2014,9/19/2014,33,178,1,4,5>I've now been to Craftsman twice - once for dine-in brunch and once to pick up dinner to go. Both experiences were wonderful. For brunch service was quick and quiet with a friendly waiter. I had the morning bun french toast and it was perfect for my sweet-leaning breakfast preferences. The caramelized sugar in the bun was delicious, and the rich custard sauce cut the sweetness (but made for an incredibly indulgent dish). When I went for takeout the other night the bartender who took my order over the phone was funny and accommodating, and the coordination with the kitchen was excellent - I had given him my expected arrival time and they literally delivered my box to the bar as I was walking in the door. I had gone for the brisket melt with fries and I couldn't have been happier. As a barbecue fan, for me the meat was more reminiscent of pot roast than what I generally think of for brisket, but it hit the spot all the same. The cheese had melted into the meat and the caramelized onions rounded out the flavor. The fries were browned and flavorful, and surprisingly held up despite getting a bit steamed in the to-go container on my drive home from Craftsman. In addition to the food, the restaurant hits a nice note with its design - it's on Frank Lloyd Wright Avenue and the designers clearly pulled their inspiration from the road's namesake.
<review# 354,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/7/2014,9/18/2014,16,69,1,3,4>I have had several experiences with Terry's.  I have had nothing but great experiences, as great as dealing with car issues can be.  I have literally had my car in for all sorts of issues and they have worked with me through all of the issues.  They even dealt with communicating to my dad, who is in WA and is very particular about how my car is fixed.  They did deal directly with me for the majority of the issues and never did I get the sense that they just wanted to take advantage of me or anything.  Prices have always be comparable, if not less than competitors.  And usually, the issues they find, have been suggested by other places prior to me going to Terry's.  Everything seems to check out and my car is running great!  Knock on wood...
<review# 355,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,9/17/2014,16,71,2,3,4>I usually order the pizza for delivery, and I'm surprised by the comments about poor customer service. I can, however, tell you that the delivery staff is always very nice. Perhaps the nicest delivery drivers I've ever dealt with. I've also never encountered any issues with the website or delivery of my pizzas. If they say it'll be an hour, it's about an hour.The ingredients seems to be of a very high quality. We often get a Big Boom, which is a build-your-own option. The chicken is really tasty, and as I mentioned, seems to be good quality. No mystery meat here. The pizzas just always taste really great.I have ordered quite a few pizzas from the Willy location, and have dined at a couple of their restaurants and have always had a great experience. Some of my favorite pizza in Madison.
<review# 356,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2014,9/16/2014,16,27,1,5,5>I just stopped in Thorps this evening for another haircut, this time with Quinley. Totally pleased! In fact, I scheduled my next cut with Quinley before I left. Even though I was mostly in for a trim, we talked about the heaviness of my thick hair and she made a big difference in lightening up the layers in my near-shoulder length bob. My last cut at Thorps was with Tara and she really cleaned up a grown out, trendier cut into a clean bob. She understood how to smooth the layers in my straight, yet thick hair so everything looked polished for the next couple of months. A stylist who works well with thick hair is a special find and now I've found two at Thorps! After blowing it out she carefully went back over bits that might be prone to flipping outward. We talked a bit about her preferences and I would highly recommend her for anyone looking for a beachy/boho hairstyle - this woman definitely has a passion for voluminous waves, sea salt spray, and highlights. All in all, I love Thorps for these reasons: 1. Great vibe - it's classy but laid back and the space is so roomy, I find it much more relaxing than your average salon. 2. Price - it varies by stylist of course but I can get a reasonable price on a great haircut. I certainly believe in paying for quality but, as a woman paying for upkeep cuts on a fairly simple hairstyle, I appreciate that Thorps has some stylists who aren't so veteran as to be out of my price range. My haircut today was $30 and I left my last salon when prices creeped above $45 per cut. 3. Product - they're obviously very choosey about the product they carry, use, and recommend. It all smells amazing, always a perk. 4. Hours - in my book it's a huge plus to schedule a later cut, and enjoy a PBR with it.5. Service - the people here are always helpful and generally friendly although sometimes a little cold. What's that about anyway? P.S. They do Bike Benefits and there's plenty of bike parking on the block. So pedal there and save a few bucks!
<review# 357,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2014,9/15/2014,12,6,1,2,2>I live about four blocks from the Tip Top.  I am so happy with this establishment.  I have been going to this place since it has opened under new owners.   Ben and Co. are very amiable and will go well out of their way to make your visit worthwhile.Cash is King...no credit/debit cards.  Everything is delicious and reasonably priced.  I have made it a point to try everything on their menu.  So far my favorite dish was a "man maker" walleye sandwich (Saturday special) with their own in house remoulade sauce.  You will require extra napkins.  The fried pickles are really good too... you may need to get some extra Tip Top sauce.  Bloodies and Brunch on the patio are a must.  They also have several specialty adult beverages... I would highly recommend the Ghost Mary.  The tap list caters to my ever changing palate... with Nitro on tap as well.  Overall, this is a fantastic little neighborhood tavern that has a terrific atmosphere and is a welcome amenity to the local area.
<review# 358,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2014,9/14/2014,1,12,,2,2>Stopped here for dinner one night when we were apartment searching in the Middleton area. Had the friendliest server, who gave honest recommendations on what's best to try on the menu. The beer was excellent and the prices are pretty good. If you can, try the corned beef & cabbage rolls (appetizer). We loved them. Also worth noting they do have outside seating.I've been here before for the live music, which is also great, but never for the food. I'll certainly be coming back.
<review# 359,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2014,9/13/2014,57,98,1,7,5>La Michoacana fits all the economics of good eats -- high quality treats at low prices. While it may seem ballsy to open an ice cream shop in Madison, this paleteria is in a league of its own.The ice cream recipe (which I guess includes corn starch and evaporated milk) is thankfully less sweet and less drippy than the more commonly found varieties that use heavy cream or eggs. The milk or water based paletas are also no joke and come in dozens of colors and flavors. In case you need some salt to balance all the sweet, there are savory snacks like chicharrones waiting to be drizzled with Valentina's. They also sell elote, which gets packed with cheese and a generous dash of cayenne. The corn itself was a bit soggy, but there was no skimping on queso, and where else in Madison can I get elote?I recommend the pistachio paleta to cool your lips if they catch fire from the elote. If that's not enough, the tequila-flavored icecream was like eating rum raisin but more tequila and without the raisins. The arroz con leche pop was good too, if you like the idea of horchata in solid form. Next on my list are the agua frescas and mangoneada, a mango ice cream smoothie with ribbons of tangy sauce and a red chili straw that every other customer ordered. Service can be a bit slow when the lines are long, usually weekend evenings, when it's quite popular with families and teens. Despite the few flaws, the good outweigh the bad, making La Michoacana my official favorite stop for 2014 summer treats.
<review# 360,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2014,9/12/2014,21,37,4,11,8>Don't be fooled by its weird name and cheap-looking appearance. VIP is a solid, authentic, and good Chinese/Japanese restaurant, probably the best in far West Madison as of May 2014. Madison has experienced a real boom in authentic Chinese restaurants in the last 5 years. When I come here in 2009, I can barely name 3 restaurants than I consider a "real thing." Now the list is around 15. There was a time people had to travel to Milwaukee for authentic Chinese food, but now the traffic goes the other way around. VIP (it says "VIP Asian Cuisine" on the store front) is the newest addition in this Chinese restaurant boom. And, VIP distinguishes itself from other Chinese places by its very trendy and classy dining environment. It is not decorated by cheesy faux-Chinese art pieces. It is much akin to the setting that you can find in modern day bourgeois urban China, and I cannot recall being to similar place in the Midwest. VIP's has long and comprehensive menus--one for Chinese and one for Japanese. The Chinese menu contains many Szechuan/Sichuan dishes like Fugu and Ichiban, but it also has items not to found in other places. The prices are comparable to Fugu and Ichiban, too. It definitely takes time for the first-time visitor to navigate the menu, but everything seems to be are pretty "safe" choice.  If you cannot decide, than stick to the noodle section like I did. VIP handmade their noodles, yes, handmade, so that makes all the difference if you know what I am talking about. For less adventurous eaters, VIP also serves American Chinese, and there is an entire thick sushi menu to explore. This restaurant is huge. It has many private and semi-private rooms for special occasions. All the servers we encountered today were very helpful and friendly. Based on my first visit, VIP is a solid and authentic Chinese restaurant. Let's see how their business will go, It has a chance to become the top Chinese restaurant in Madison.
<review# 361,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/7/2012,1/17/2013,7,59,,4,3>This place is great for quality takeout food.  It has a smaller menu, but everything is made from scratch and they use meat raised on their farm.  The people that run it are very friendly and provide great service.  We had the pork rib stew over egg noodles (huge serving!) and the cubano sandwich (comes with one side).  Both were very flavorful, no complaints.  We also snagged two flourless peanut butter M&M cookies at the last minute and we were not disappointed!  I would stop there just to get those cookies.  They have a daily special, which I am looking forward to trying soon.  Great carryout food is much needed, and theirs can't be beat.  Try it for yourself, you will not be disappointed.  Support local business!
<review# 362,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/28/2010,1/16/2013,0,8,,7,3>I adore this yoga studio. While there are several studios within walking distance of my home, I religiously biked 30 minutes each way to attend class at Inner Fire. I was a pretty novice yogini when I started here, but by regularly attending classes, I was able to improve my form greatly and understand why people are so crazy about yoga. I have been to a few other yoga studios, and this one is unique. The teachers are dedicated and caring, and a sense of community emanates from the studio. Inner Fire also offers interesting seminars and trips which are great to augment your practice. Their bathrooms are nice, although they only have a few showers. They also have a nice seating area with books and complimentary hot tea.I avidly attended the Power Flow and Inner Fire Flow classes because Hot Yoga can sometimes be too much for me. I would highly recommend taking classes with Karen, Ken, and Joan. Because the teachers made adjustments as needed, and were very in-tune with individual levels, I always felt like I left class having grown in my practice. I would highly recommend taking advantage of the New Student offer if you are new to yoga or want to try Inner Fire.
<review# 363,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2013,1/15/2013,4,12,3,5,4>Dhaba Indian Bistro is so good. I've only ordered take-out so far, but the dining room looks nice.  I love all their choices of naan, the Samosas and their many vegetarian choices.  I'm able to spend about $13 and stretch it to two or three meals!  They let you choose how spicy you want curry dishes, which is nice.  Flavors are vibrant and so good... I might have to order from them for supper tonight just thinking about it!  Definitely worth a try.
<review# 364,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/4/2013,1/14/2013,25,12,,3,3>Beautiful, intimate restaurant with delicious food. For the price, I was concerned by how much food we might get but it was worth every penny. Their lentil soup to start was like great home cooking, hearty and had you begging for more. My boyfriend and I had their veal and sage ravioli and the pesto fettuccine alfredo. Everything was spectacular in taste and portion. The server was so timely with water and meal service. We were so pleased with our time at Bunky's we decided to end with dessert. Their tiramisu and cannolis were awesome. I can't wait till the next time we can go back because when we left we wanted to walk right back in!
<review# 365,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/6/2013,1/13/2013,31,64,,5,4>Who says donuts and Lebanese food don't go together?!  People's Bakery has made me a believer of this magical combination! This place is great for some affordable, delicious Lebanese food, and some of the best donuts in town. The outside (and inside) is unassuming, but the food is authentic (as far as I know) and yummy. Pros- VERY affordable- friendly and helpful staff- Did I mention it is scrumptious?Cons- service is a little slow- inconsistent drink optionsI highly recommend trying their falafel with a fritter for dessert.
<review# 366,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/26/2011,1/12/2013,34,34,,5,2>This place was recommended to me as some of the best Chinese food in Madison.  Totally agree!I went here for a Wednesday lunch at 2 pm and I was the only person there.  I don't mean to be stereotypical, but if you've ever walked into an empty Chinese restaurant in the mid afternoon...you're probably going to have to make your presence known by ringing a bell or yelling an awkward "hello" towards the kitchen.  Not in this case, I was promptly greeted and offered to sit anywhere. My food was excellent.  Nothing daring, just general tso's chicken. Good sauce, good flavor, good consistency.   Lunch doesn't get any better at $4.95 which includes an entree, rice, and soup!Summary: friendly service, awesome food, good prices.  I'll be back.
<review# 367,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,1/11/2013,6,66,1,2,2>Part of the Madison based Food Fight Inc (16 restaurants currently?), Monty's was the first, or one of the first.  They are all different, yet are the same in one way.  They are good places to eat.Monty's is styled after a 50's diner - counter, chrome, lots of "traditional" diner foods, and a lot that you never got at a diner.  Service is fast, food is good, prices are reasonable (but not cheap) and wait staff is friendly.  Feels neighborhood friendly, although they bring in people from all over the area.  Plenty of good vegetarian options also.Food is interesting, with lots of things not found in your typical diner.   Coffee is from Just Coffee (that is a bonus feature people - if you like coffee, this is a great place) and many of the specials are made with organic foods.  Want a burger but don't eat meat?  Swap out the Walnut burger - which, as a meat eater, I can say is good.  Certainly better than their hamburger.  Speaking of which...What is up with that hamburger?  First off, it comes medium well done - no burger should ever be cooked to that.  Second, it is heavily, and funky seasoned.  As in, if I ordered it, it would go back.  A good burger needs salt and pepper.  They add a bunch of stuff.  However my niece who ordered it liked it, so we kept it.Deserts are very popular at Monty's, but that was our disappointment.  Cheesecake was rubbery and the carrot cake was dry - stale dry.  Really?  I am almost tempted to go to three stars just for that.Overall, I have to stick with four stars.  Great coffee, mostly really good, and interesting, food, fast, good service.  Without a doubt I will be back if in the area.  But I will skip desert.
<review# 368,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/8/2011,1/10/2013,0,7,,2,2>As many have noted, this is NOT the place to go if you're looking for authentic Mexican food. That being said - my husband and I thoroughly enjoyed our meal there & really liked the fresh spin on the ordinary taco. The only bummer (and a very small bummer) was the chips & salsa. They charge $1 for tortilla chips while most Mexican restaurants would include them for free. Not exactly a bank-breaker, but something to consider. The fact that you get to go to a little salsa bar and pick which kind you want with your chips is an inspired idea, although it would be great to see them expand their 4 salsa choices to possibly include a pico de gallo, or even a corn salsa.  2 of the salsa choices tasted like tomatoes with not much else, one tasted like salty tomatoes, and the green salsa tasted like tomatoes with sugar. This was probably the least-enjoyable part of our dining experience but it's only chips & salsa - not a deal breaker. While they do sell other things besides tacos, my husband and I decided to stick with the namesake and order 3 tacos each. I ordered 2 vegetarian tacos: roasted sweet potato with swiss chard, and roasted veggies with ancho queso fresco & fried carrots, as well as a Cob-O-Wabo (Basically a cobb salad in a tortilla). All 3 of my tacos tasted delicious, but my favorites were definitely the vegetarian tacos. Delicious flavor, veggies were perfectly cooked & it was fun to try something different. Although I am not a vegetarian, I would highly recommend that vegetarians check this place out.My husband had a Hot Mama (basically a buffalo chicken wrap), The Pickler (he said he imagines this is what a McDonald's Big Mac Snack Wrap tastes like) and a Jalapeno & Apple Sausage taco. He said all were really good, but he would probably not order the buffalo chicken wrap again simply because it wasn't all that different from something he could get somewhere else. While the tacos were good, the service was even better. Our server was running around like crazy as we were there on a Friday night, but our drinks were never less than 1/4 full and he checked in often and was very helpful as we were navigating the menu. I wish I could remember his name to give him proper credit. All in all - definitely something different & fun to try. I think this is a place we'd bring out of town guests to try something different as it screams "Madison" to me with its funky colors and unique menu.
<review# 369,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/1/2012,1/9/2013,21,41,,6,2>The Black Sheep is, far and away, the best fine dining option in or around Whitewater. And better still, it is fine dining in a warm, casual, comfortable environment.Chef Tyler Sailsbery does a wonderful job pairing flavors and sourcing fresh ingredients. His focus on local meats and produce means that the dishes are flavorful and full of the healthy benefits that only local food can provide. Additionally, the food is well-prepared. I have dined at The Black Sheep a half dozen times and each time someone in my party has ordered the salmon. Salmon seems to always be overcooked in restaurants, but not at The Black Sheep-- perfect every time.The beer and wine lists at The Black Sheep are constantly evolving and offer something for everyone. I also love the playful and never boring n/a beverage list: bottled sodas, vanilla bean lemonade, etc.The atmosphere must be my favorite thing about The Black Sheep. The converted space in a century-old building is cozy and interesting-- with exposed brick, a poured concrete bar, and hand sewn tufted bench seating. The service has always been friendly and helpful as the staff grows and learns. The restaurant is still young and therefore I find myself being very empathetic to the new servers on a busy night... however, they earn my understanding through their politeness and their courage to ask questions when something stumps them. If any improvement were to be needed at The Black Sheep I would say it should be an expanded hors d'oeuvres (or small plates) and dessert menu for those of us that would like to sit and nosh while drinking a glass of wine.
<review# 370,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/8/2012,1/8/2013,15,20,1,3,2>My boyfriend and I picked this as our date night place for the month.  To start off I got the Kara Kolada drink.  I tasted rum...and rum...and maybe some pineapple.  If you like rum, definitely get this drink!  We got the Cheese Curds for an appetizer (it's real hard to mess up cheese curds!).  The cheese curds themselves were alright, but the Parmesan peppercorn dipping sauce was fantastic.  The ciabatta bread they give to the table came with three flavored butters, garlic rosemary, pumpkin spice and cheddar.  The pumpkin spice did not taste like pumpkin at all, but the garlic butter was really tasty.  If you are going to get any dish here, please get the escolar special.   It is hands down the best fish dish I have ever had (and I have tried my fair share of fish dishes).  The flavors are absolutely phenomenal and it literally melts in your mouth.  The lake perch fish fry was also delicious, but a little awkward to eat since they butterfly it and some of the pieces were pretty big.  They had the whole restaurant decorated for Christmas which I love.  If you call to make a reservation (which probably isn't needed in winter, we went on a Friday night at 6:30 and there was plenty of space), tell them you want to sit near the GIANT fireplace.  Beware of getting too warm though!All in all, the flavors were good and the prices were reasonable for the amount of food you got.  Our service was quick, even though the waitress seemed really busy.
<review# 371,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2013,5/23/2014,60,85,1,10,6>My most recent brunch experiences here at the Weary have made me up my star rating. Why is that?Reason #1: Le Toast. OMG. This is what all French toast should be like. Thick (like over an inch) slices of homemade whole grain bread in this perfect cinnamon-y, almond-y, sweet-but-not-too-sweet batter...and with real maple syrup on the side. YUM. **Tip: Get a half order with a side of...Reason #2: The bacon. The slices of bacon are also huge("double-thick cut" is no joke), and have been nice and crispy when I've gotten them. Reason #3: The service. I gave the Weary 3 stars in the past for slow service, and I think if you hit it at a super-busy time, this can still be the case. However, the last couple of times I've gone the servers have been ultra friendly and attentive.
<review# 372,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,5/22/2014,209,840,7,10,8>I've been back *numerous* times... (checks waistband) Yeah, let's just call it numerous... since my first review, and I'm happy to report that things are still excellent.+ Whoopie pies - I'm a sucker for these things. Dangle one in front of me, and I'll do anything. + Staff - lovely. So nice, friendly, upbeat, and cool. + Setting - excellent. + Weddings - yes, wedding cakes/cupcakes!! They provided the cupcakes for my boss's wedding, and wow. So good. Cinnamon roll cupcakes - are you kidding me?!Long story short, this is a fantastic business that continues to make delicious goodies. Kudos.
<review# 373,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2014,5/21/2014,67,136,1,8,7>I've known of Inka Heritage for sometime now. Never had a reason to rush their until a coworker told me that they went there and were quite surprised.    I've never been to a Peruvian restaurant before, so I wasn't sure what to order. But when I see raw meat and fried egg anywhere on the menu my eyes are drawn to those items.    I've only ever had ceviche before at Frontera Grill. Now it's hard to do better then Rick Bayless, but Inka did good. Not dangerously spicy, mostly all seafood rather then having a equal amount of fillers to deceive your eyes. There was Peruvian Corn (choclo or cuzco corn) in it also. Nutty flavor rather then sweet like your typical American corn and added crunch to the dish.    Next I ordered Lomo Inka Heritage aka Meat and Potatoes in a way. When I ordered the dish I asked for the meat to be rare cause that how I like my meat. She had an odd confused look on her face and then ended up coming back to the table asking if I meant medium rare. I just said "sure, yeah" thinking that they where afraid to cook meat that way and just hoping that I wasn't about to receive a dog toy of a meat. But I was happily surprised when I received the dished that the beef was not rubber. Was unevenly cooked thou with parts being rare and others being medium rare. After rereading the menu online I saw that the dish was also to have a creole sauce that wasn't present but wasn't needed with the liquid gold of a yoke from the egg. The taco taco pancake wasn't sweet, you get that from the plantain, but was well seasoned with garlic and onion.     Now you can't skip dessert when it's made in-house. So, very surprisingly I have never have had Tres Leche before. Which you would think cause I love bread pudding which is what this reminded me of. Not too sweet, obviously moist. Got a corner piece which I think is the always the best specially with brownies.
<review# 374,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/27/2014,5/20/2014,19,59,3,5,3>Love this dive bar! I stop by here and grab a burger and fries while I wait for my laundry. The burger has a perfect buttery bun, and is topped with pickles, cheese, and caramelized onions. Basic and delicious. I like to drench my fries with the ranch that they have and I'll order a Pepsi. There is usually a very welcoming lady who works the bar. She has vibrant white hair and she really is a sweet heart. Very attentive and makes you want to come back! Till' my next load of laundry, I shall see you soon Caribou Tavern!
<review# 375,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/19/2014,204,159,6,11,8>LOVE. JUST. LOVE.Spacious.OUTLETS GALORE.Super friendly staff.Comfy seating perfect for gettin' werk done.Did I mention the vegan baked goods?Gigantic painting of the Soviet Union (I feel at home). (JK). (Kind of).
<review# 376,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/18/2014,5/18/2014,122,125,,6,2>Good food, awesome service, and really nice ambiance! I haven't explored the wine list too much yet, so I can't really say anything about it other than it is extensive and the full list is on an iPad.I've been here twice now, once for dinner and the second time for dessert and coffee. I was most impressed by the service both times. The servers have good suggestions for what to order and how much to order (really nice when a place serves small plates and you don't know what "small" really means). The food is delicious, but be prepared to spend a lot. I noticed they have some pretty good happy hour specials on weekday evenings and all day Sunday, so I think next time I go for food I'll go during happy hour. The plates are significantly cheaper ($8-10 instead of $19-24). Their desserts are awesome...I especially liked the strawberry rhubarb crisp.Overall this is a nice place to come to for drinks and appetizers/dessert, or for a special occasion dinner.
<review# 377,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,5/17/2014,182,198,6,15,8>OK, I normally don't post a review after trying just one item from the menu, but I'm making the rare exception here because the morning buns at 4&20 Bakery are SO FREAKING INCREDIBLE!!!  We're talking heaven on a plate, the lovechild of croissant and cinnamon bun.  You got your textural contrast between the crunch of the caramelized sugar on the exterior against the tender, flakey layers of the interior.  The sweetness of sugar and cinnamon is balanced out with a lingering note of citrus zestiness.  This morsel of heaven is loaded with buttery richness of a great croissant with absolutely no greasiness.  And if you listen real close, you can hear a choir of angels singing when you bite into this decadent treat.I can't wait to explore the rest of the menu.
<review# 378,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,5/16/2014,245,310,11,14,13>Like Pig Butts and Cannot Lie??? That BBQ Joint is here to satisfy.Everyone has their own idea of comfort food. For many, comfort food is what you grew up eating...home-cooked Italian dinners, summer barbecues, copious amounts of ice cream...you name it. An individual's version of comfort food largely defines their character. It is representative of their innermost passions and paints a picture of their upbringing. For me, comfort food is the food that makes me happy, the food that brings me back home. And while I by no means grew up in the south...my personal form of comfort food has always been barbecue. When I am feeling down or just plain hungry, it is hearty slabs of ribs and slow cooked juicy brisket that I crave. You can therefore imagine the immense joy I experienced when I came across an inconspicuous barbecue spot while strolling down Willy Street. That BBQ Joint had saved the day.Housed within the brick walls of this corner shop is a glorious medley of all things meat. They of course have the classics expected of a barbecue spot, serving up sliced brisket, pulled pork, and smoked chicken. But for the real TBJ experience you absolutely must order the smoked wings and a full slab of ribs. Oh heavens, DO NOT FORGET THE RIBS. The quality of the meat combined with the perfect layer of seasoning and a wonderful smoky bite earn these guys high marks.What makes That BBQ Joint a truly beautiful place is the fact that they do not need to drown their meats in an excessive amount of barbecue sauce. Barbecuing is often a contentious topic and, like the folks at That BBQ Joint, I can affirm myself a staunch supporter of the dry rub method. True barbecued meat should be able to hold its own and not be completely coated in a sugary mess of sauce. I applaud all barbecue places that allow the meat to speak for itself and depend on dry rubs more so than sauces. Thank heavens that BBQ Joint does just this. While some of their items do have a bit of sauce added, most everything is served dry. In this way, the flavor of the meat is dependent upon the quality of spices and cooking technique, instead of the sweetness of the sauce. With this form of barbecue there is more of an emphasis on "barbecuing" rather than "grilling," with the latter corresponding to a greater use of sauces. It is this barbecuing method that stresses that the meat be cooked at a low temperature for a longer period of time. The resulting product therefore attains an incredible smoke and a moist bite that is simply unattainable via the grilling method. In the words of the pit masters: low and slow, baby. So if you find yourself seeking a respite from the humdrum of ordinary food, bask in the level of delicious that can be found with some TBJ comfort food. Meat-tastic perfection.
<review# 379,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/29/2014,5/15/2014,25,32,1,6,5>Trendy, warm little pizza place on a cold-ass night?  Yes please. They specialize in authentic style pizzas with an innovative flare, to elevate pizza up a step from your average pizza joint. And they served it elevated too, on a little metal stand so that we could double-tier our pizzas all over the table. My dinner companions were visible above the landscape of lifted pizzas that overtook our table, and we tucked in with vigor. Their space is a cozy little spot in a re-purposed gun shop. They've kept the gun motif in their decorations as a nod to the previous establishment, in a very tasteful way. (Gun rack wine racks, for example.)We had a group of 7, and had 6 different pizzas. 5 of them were unmodified specialty pizzas directly off the menu, and 1 modified build-a-pizza of sorts. All were delicious, hot, crispy and well thought out.  My favorite was the 'Goomba,' a mushroom and garlic based mix. But I thoroughly enjoyed the pork confit "Puerco" pizza, and the watercress and honey-touched 'Barberini' was a big hit as well.  We also enjoyed an appetizer of the pork confit, which was offered to us as a gift of the house while we waited for our pizzas, since it would take a while to have all 7 pizzas ready. An unexpected and unnecessary windfall, we gobbled it all up gratefully. and ungracefully. At the end we also ordered a couple of their sticky ginger cakes, which I believe must have had a lemon cream topping, and these were also destroyed in short order. Warm, sticky, moist and creamy, they had a slight crisp to the edges in the very best sort of way. (We ordered these partly because of their open-view kitchen window, which can be viewed from the entryway and from a few of their tables. As we were all restaurant industry people, we were watching the kitchen with undisguised interest. We saw the chef plating the ginger cake, piling the whipped cream on the top artfully, after which he stuck the spoon into his mouth, cleaned it with obvious relish, and threw the spoon into the dish pit. You know when you see that, that the cream must be delicious if it's worth licking off the spoon every time.For some reason it was difficult for the waitress to do 4 separate checks, but we did our own math with a pen she provided, and lucky for her we were able to figure it out without stiffing her. A less mathematically inclined group might have accidentally stiffed her.They also offered us some mini orange macaroons at the end, which were the strangest, gooiest little macaroons I have ever had. That's not really a complaint, just an observation that they were unexpected in terms of the texture inside. Besides, who cares! Free candy!We will be back, Grandpa.
<review# 380,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,5/14/2014,2,11,,4,3>Damn good barbeque. Possibly the best I've had in Madison if I'm looking for something rich that will definitely fill you up and leave you feeling guilty. The ribs are top notch and the sauce is just right. Meat falls right off the bone and the sides are adequate. Just wish they had a spicy variant of some of their items. The interior goes great with the food; lots of vintage Americana items and newspaper cutouts of stunning reviews of the food. The service is very friendly, always willing to help you make up your mind about menu choices. The wait isn't very long for an entrée and that's valuable. A friend I came with had the pulled pork burger and praised it greatly. The food really lives up to its record-setting reputation. I'll be back in moderation so as not to clog my pipes up.
<review# 381,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,5/3/2014,85,196,1,6,5>It's always a gamble  when you visit a restaurant on their opening night.  Luckily, there was no "walking away, knowing when to run" from me as Haveli delivered.  I'll be honest...this location has been haunted by former failed restaurants (Fitch's, Good Times, Kickshaw, Jimmy's) and their gigantic footprint.  In this case, the owners did the right thing and only used 1/3 of the former space.  Service was pleasant and efficient.  We ordered Samosas for our appetizer and Aloo Mutter and Goat Curry for our entrees.  While the filling of the Samosas was a little too heavy for my liking, the crust that encased it was great. Both entrees were very solid.  The flavors worked well with one another.  I was particularly impressed with the Goat Curry.  In the past at other places, the meat can be a little too "goaty".  Here is was well flavored and fall apart tender.Haveli also has a lunch time buffet that I am eager to try.Still early in it's existence but if it continues to dish out great food, I think it will be around to stay.
<review# 382,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/11/2014,5/2/2014,0,17,,3,2>Probably my favorite breakfast spot in Madison.   Why?, the coffee and coffee service is unusually great compared to other restaurants, The background music is so nice and not the usual loud Muzak bang bang crap, the staff has always been helpful with inquiries, these folks are not a bunch of clueless first job teens they are mature and smart.   I also love lunch and dinner here.  One quirky issue I have with any restaurant like La Brioche is the overkill of needless information on the menus.  I mean these folks are trying like crazy to get into the whole green, open-range-free roaming, nicely treated food resources kick.  Of course every food selection is also organic or some such marketing moniker.  So they think they are California foodies somehow transplanted into the midwest.  Fine, though food procurement and processing will change with the times and new knowledge, I don't think that restaurants like La Brioche have to dive way into each food fad de jure.  But that's me, sorry, I look at all the extra menu information as California style marketing here in the midwest.  It's almost as if in the near future we will have more stories on the menu like: ' no green vegetables were mis-treated in preparation of your order.'  End rant. thank you. So, the only off experience I've had here is that once the salmon seemed to be kind of flat.  Other than that the fresh bread and butter plus soups before the main entrees are just wonderful.  Almost every entree seems to include fresh and healthy greens, I could live in this place. Remember for those left at home a FULL bakery selection is waiting near the front counter for your home bound pleasures.  Wow, if carbs were currency we could all be millionaires when checking out.  So the restaurant presentation is excellent, prices are good to medium for this kind of service and product in Madison, Wi.  and somehow restaurants can't seem to deliver great coffee but La Brioche seems to, makes breakfast here above the rest. A lovely breakfast experience and other feeds during the day.
<review# 383,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,5/1/2014,12,44,,5,6>We went there for dinner last night. Nice location on Atwood in Madison's eclectic Wiilie Street neighborhood. Decor of restaurant kind of matches the funky neighborhood. You kind feel like you're dining in someone's converted house...vintage framed family photos around, mixed - matched tables and chairs...ancient kitchen tools and advertising hang about. The comfortable setting was perfect for the Mediterranean and Italian comfort food that soon arrived. We ordered a vegetarian appetizer sampler that included a fantastic baba ganoush, my favorite of the many versions I've had; tabouli, excellent hummus, falafel and tahini. It was more than enough quantity for two people. Almost enough for the meal...I ordered a very hearty cioppino - fisherman's stew - that was loaded with shrimp, salmon, whitefish and a few veggies - in a thick spicy, tomato broth. Wonderful choice. I was full after a few bites...more for the next day. My partner ordered the the chicken kabobs with rice...an excellent choice. Plenty of leftovers.Freshness of ingredients, great flavors, very large selection of Mediterranean foods and great service made for the perfect evening. There are also many gluten-free options: gf pizza crust, gf pastaExcellent beer selection...
<review# 384,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,4/30/2014,20,12,,8,6>Okay, so it took me a long time to finally write a review about Red Sushi. Why? Maybe because I wanted to keep all the fresh sushi to myself. I've been here quite a few times and have had mainly their sushi. For lunch, you can get 2 rolls for only $10; add miso soup for only $1 more and you have a meal ;). The cool thing about their rolls is that they offer the good stuff and at good quality/freshness. For example, there's the Spicy Scallop or Crab (yes - real crab not crab imitation on their lunch menu), Duck Tempura Roll, Red Snapper, Yellowtail, Spicy Escolar...etc. My point is that they continue with quality even during lunch specials; majority of sushi joints here mainly offer crab imitation, shrimp, salmon and vegetables only during their lunch specials. Other than sushi, I've had their Grilled Black Cod, Calamari and P.E.I. Mussels (creamy bacon garlic white wine sauce) that were all pretty yummy. I've only had the cod once since $13 for an 'appetizer' portion hurt my wallet more than it filled my stomach, but the flavor is pretty worth it.All in all, it's a great place for lunch and dinner. Note: make reservations for dinner during the weekend or you'll find yourself on a 1hr+ waitlist.Check out more food photos here: getnmahbelly.com/2013/12…
<review# 385,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/17/2014,4/29/2014,11,6,,4,5>This place is convenient if you're on the far west side. I like that for only $11 you get your hair cut, hot face towel, hair wash, and shoulder massage. Pretty hard to beat that kind of service for the money. I like my hair fairly short for a woman and like that they don't try to femme up my short hair like I've had happen at other hair places. Last time I went I think my hair cutter's name was Lizza and she gave me a nice haircut that did a good job of matching the style of the pictures I brought. I've gone 2-3 times, been happy with the cut and atmosphere, and plan on visiting again!
<review# 386,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/18/2014,4/28/2014,67,48,1,10,4>My family and I made a trip to Humble a couple of Saturdays ago.  Everything in the case looked so good...we basically got one of everything! ;) Okay, not really, but we did get four things for two adults!  My favorite was the mini key-lime pie. I was expecting the crust to be hard, but it was a perfect flaky pastry crust. We also had two hand pies - one blueberry bourbon (my least favorite, but still excellent) and one apple ginger raspberry (so good!). My second favorite item was a mini sour cherry pie, which was so fresh and tart.  My husband I were pretty much fighting over the cherry pie!  My only sadness was that none of the savory pies were vegetarian friendly that day, so I didn't get one - but I will be back to check out their selection!  The guy working was incredibly friendly and helpful - the whole experience was fantastic. Go there! Now!
<review# 387,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/16/2014,4/27/2014,68,70,,6,6>The Frequency is an acquired taste, but has lately become one of my favorite venues in town. The ambiance is best described as a "hole-in-the-wall dive," but that's become part of its charm. The bartenders are friendly, fast, and accurate. If you want to use a card to pay, there is a $10 minimum. Normally, this would be easy to do at a downtown bar, but the Frequency's beverages are insanely cheap! This leaves you with some extra room to buy one of their inexpensive pizzas. They're store-bought frozen pizzas, so they're nothing to write home about, but at the end of an evening of drinking they come out steaming hot and taste delicious.The Frequency's small size means it often brings in up-and-coming acts, especially during its monthly Communion shows. The tickets are almost always ten bucks or under, making it a better deal than seeing a movie at a theater. It regularly hosts the Six-Shot Comedy Showcase, where you can see six (usually local) comedians for five bucks. Chairs and tables are in short supply, especially in the performance area, so arrive early if you want to sit. Make sure you bring earplugs if it's a music show, as the small size of the venue can mean that the sound gets deafening quickly. The bathrooms are single-stall, covered in stickers from past acts. They tend to be clean, but the women's door doesn't look and sometimes doesn't even latch, which is a pain. The only other minor complaint that I have is that getting the sound mixing right in such a confined area is very difficult, and artists usually have to spend time after the first few songs talking to the sound guys about getting things the way they want them, which kind of detracts from the overall experience. Also, as someone under 5'6", it can be very difficult for me to see the band if I'm not very close to the stage. There's no upper-level seating or sloping floor, so if you're also on the shorter side, showing up early will be to your benefit.
<review# 388,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/2/2014,4/26/2014,70,19,2,7,4>My new favorite!For those of you that are keeping score, Papavero stole the number one spot from my former fave, Nostrano.Every dish. Every single appetizer, entree, cocktail, and dessert that I have tasted here has been spectacular. There are roughly 12 daily changing specials written on the chalkboard. Many of those specials are fresh seafood - hard to come by in Madison. I would tell you to stick to the specials because they're so fun and different, but lately I've been grateful that the braised boar papardelle was on the menu so I could come back for more of it.One tip:Ask for an Amaro as a digestif after your dinner! Your server can explain what it is if you've never heard of it.
<review# 389,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,4/25/2014,70,386,,8,5>I liked the VIBE of Funk's. Nothing pretentious, Nothing slacking. Nothing but good people trying to make it work. The owners hosted us well (Jenny - wife and Mr. Funk). I even liked that he drank from behind the bar with his patrons (it was pop folks). My non-alcoholic drink could take lessons from Heritage but I appreciate the effort. I tried the Spicy margarita and it was flavorful not hot you can't taste your tongue. I tried the ghost wings and I have a sister-in-law that would still put Tabasco on top but she's a real Cajun Creole - I'm not. Yet, the homemade blue cheese dressing made these wings work. They get hotter as you keep biting. I like the video games. The open bar concept with booths to the back with a handmade stage area.I love the tall ceilings. Location: In the mix with everything and you'll guilty because two gyms are next door. Pinnacle and Princeton Club XPress. I'm going to try and bring our University Ave Lights fundraiser here and I believe it will work not just because the owners are cordial; the staff seems sincere in liking their jobs but also the atmosphere. I can see their regular patrons feeling inclined to just join in the party versus feeling ousted by a separate event taking place. The bruschetta was niceThe rubens sans mayo mix (I'm allergic) was adorable. The chicken satay was actually FYAH (meaning good) as they were seasoned well and robust in flavor. Yeah, IKR, chicken on a stick --ooooohhh la la but this can be done wrong as some folks overcook it often. I don't drink but I wanted to see how a spicy margarita faired. I forgot or never got around to trying their regular margarita to do a real taste test but I'm sure real drinkers can say more than my review will afford. Beer and Drinks + New Menu Additions are listed on the chalkboards on the wall. I will return for the Buffalo Chicken Soup.
<review# 390,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/5/2013,4/24/2014,33,65,1,5,4>My life is but countless "somedays." One someday is that I'll take control of what goes into my body. This should be easy, as long as you're not in prison, but it's not. Every time I go to Willy, it shows me that this someday is indeed possible. Not prison, but clean eating. Fresh, quality produce not treated with radioactive materials? Got it. Someday I'll make all my meals with it. Meat and dairy not pumped like an old whore with antibiotics? Got it. Someday, I'll grill and roast and sauté and barbecue only the good stuff. Dry goods, not processed with unpronounceable compounds? Someday... you get it. I must also mention the fine selection of beers (HeIneken? F--- that s--t. Pabst. Blue. Ribbon!), wines, friendly staff, great soup, salads, hot buffet, quick checkout lines, cooking/nutrition classes.... Yes, someday. Someday I'll find the fountain of youth, and the fountain of youth will be that I did all my shopping here.
<review# 391,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2014,7/3/2014,58,45,,9,4>Great place for Chinese noodle dishes. They  make their noodles fresh every day. Extensive menu includes interesting dishes from multiple regions in China. There are plenty of rice dishes as well.My husband ALWAYS orders the bun ga, a pork noodle dish served in a bowl with a sauce on the side. It's probably his favorite meal in Madison and is one of the most popular on the menu.Tonight I had the pan fried crispy noodles with seafood and veg on top. The sauce from the seafood and vegetables slowly migrates through the crunchy noodles, making for great texture. There were at least 5 species of seafood or shellfish plus a nice variety of vegetables. I really liked it and would order it again. As always, portions were large and I'm taking tomorrow's lunch home with me.I also always drink their great ginger tea and enjoy the crab rangoon.
<review# 392,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/15/2014,7/2/2014,95,202,2,10,4>Finally, i made my way into this top selection on Yelp Madison's homepage.Delightful, cozy spot for comfort food. I can't say that it is my favorite brunch place in town, but the great vibe of communal tables, pastries, homely decorations and comfort food will definitely bring me back another day. It is a small place, probably fits only 15 people at a time; there's not much place to even stand and wait, but luckily, customers are all aware of Sophia's popularity and get out as soon as they get done. So yes, big groups of old time friends, bring your conversations to nearby cafes like Johnson Public House or elsewhere. Pay in cash or check, and pay when you're done. I was really puzzled why the receptionist left after I gave my order. Why didn't she want my $$?! Indeed, as predicted by Yelp reviews, croissants are a great get at Sophia's. However, despite the great buttery flavor, they are not as crispy as I would like. I would say no on the croissant french toast, as much as it sounds awesome. The soft croissant texture just makes the french toast too soggy. The cherry sauce was really good though!I also got the ham and cheese croissant, with the fig sauce on the side. I wasn't keen on the fig sauce. It was good, but too sweet for my savory taste buds. Again, I wished the croissant might be toasted or pan fried, cos it was kinda soft. But the generous serving of melted cheese and delicious ham slices were enough to make up for the not as favorite croissants. Potatoes were alright, i wish they were more flavorful. The apple slices or fruit bowl makes me feel extra healthy!I will be back, to try the chocolate croissants or other pastries. THEY ARE GIGANTIC and look like they can feed 2 or more. And the chocolate croissant looks more crispy. And maybe omelette or pancake next time. Sophia's bakery makes you feel like you are coming home or at a bed and breakfast - relaxing and pleasant.
<review# 393,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/22/2014,7/1/2014,79,313,3,6,2>I could say "This is a tip top spot!" but that would be CHEESY and my New Year's resolution 23 years ago was to avoid such things.ANYways. I definitely liked the ambiance of this space a lot. A charming neighborhood bar with horizontal narrow wood paneling, lower lighting, tiled floor, tin ceiling, and a very pretty border/trim around the ceiling. Being a small-ish space with lower ceilings and hard floors, it does get a bit noisy when the place fills up so best to beat the rush if you're sensitive to that sort of thing. Also, it's another CASH ONLY spot so be sure to stock up or else they have an ATM on site.My co-workers and I headed here for drinks one Friday. The place seemed to have a "must order food" policy in order to be seated at the tables so 15 of us frustratingly spent a bit of time crowded at the entrance, downing beers, trying to decide if we should move on. Fortunately, I think the staff finally figured out that two beers basically equals the cost of a sandwich (so what's the difference) and we got a nice row of tables.  Whew!  The place was definitely running a wait by 6:30pm so, again, head out early/late!The Mister and I headed here at 6pm on a Saturday and were able to snag the last open table in the place. The beer list is good and reasonably priced ($4).  The menu offers burgers, apps, and sandwiches and sports several vegetarian options. Mr. had the special (Walleye sandwich) which he enjoyed while I had the Seitan Philly ($8.95), also tasty. We started with the cheese curds ($5.95) which were yummy. I'd previously had the kettle chips/dip, which were just that, chips/dip, nothing fancy and the fried pickles which weren't my favorite... All in all I really liked the ambiance (but I'd go early so I can hear better) and appreciate the reasonably priced & yummy options for both vegetarians and carnivores.  I hope they are able to work out the kinks along the way (i.e., must order food to get a seat policy) but overall think this is a very nice addition to the neighborhood.
<review# 394,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,6/30/2014,265,357,3,12,10>I love it here. I adore it, I can only imagine how beautiful the view is come summer. Stopped by for lunch with some co-workers and fell in absolute love with the creaky coziness of a historic building, the huge windows toward the back looking out over the lake and a very nice green space for sitting outside once warmth comes calling again. I can only imagine early morning coffee sipped here mid July when even the dead of winter is inviting. The food was perfect! I ordered the smoked chicken sandwich with cheddar and cherry cranberry chutney with a side of greens. Easily one of the best tasting sandwiches I've had. This coffee house works with Pecatonica Valley Farms. The smoked chicken is from the Carr family, And the barista left a panda bear in the foam of my delicious mocha (coffee supplied by True coffee roaster) complete with a bamboo branch and leaves on the side! I wanted to take a picture but I refrained given my co-workers don't fully know my crazy. I could easily get lost in a book in this cafe. I was impressed.
<review# 395,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/9/2014,6/29/2014,147,332,5,8,2>They have their new sign up so don't say you can't find it.Ask my Spousal Unit and she'll tell you that all Bob S. ever really wants to find is a noodle shop that serves big bowls of noodles with all sorts of goodies on them. I'm still working my way through their several noodle types and additions, searching for that transcendental bowl of noodle-ness. I ordered a spicy broth, egg noodle, baby bok-choy with beef. The broth wasn't very spicy but there are 'Scoville' additives available on the table for cranking up the heat. A tasty bowl but, I'll keep working it. Service is variable, language confusion happens but, hey, it's a new place, I'll give them some time to work out the kinks. In the meantime, find me slurping noodles at HKS.
<review# 396,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2014,6/28/2014,15,27,,7,4>Oh man, FINALLY, I made it to an ahh-mazing restaurant in Madison! I've been wanting to try out Forequarter for awhile now, but finally made it there last week. They don't take reservations, so be prepared to put your  name on a list and hang at the bar for a bit and partake in their delish cocktails! I ordered a lemon cocktail, something like spring fling? I forget, but it was sooo good. Granted, I'm not a huge cocktail drinker, but my boyfriend said his old fashioned was pretty killer, and that's his go-to drink. For an appetizer, I got the beets and they melted in my mouth! Omg, I actually kept trying to get every last bit using my finger... such a fatty and I didn't even care. We then ordered the potato special app, which was basically potatoes and yummy cheese (can't really go wrong there), and for my entree I got the scallops. with parsnip puree and a lemony sauce. I freaking love a good scallop, and these were some of the best I've ever had! They just melted in my mouth and I could have eaten a whole bucket of them. Is that a thing? Cuz it should be. We hung around at the bar for awhile, and our bartender was nice, knowledgable, friendly and overall a cool dude. He even hooked us up with a shot. Pretty sure that shot was because he loved my bolo tie, but I'll never know. This place isn't cheap, but this is the only place in Madison that I've been (except for L'etoile)  that is worth every damn penny. Can't WAIT to go back!
<review# 397,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/16/2014,6/27/2014,62,104,,18,6>This business has recently done a "soft opening" as of last week.  Since I live down the street from them, I'm familiar with the ebb and flow of Main Street Sun Prairie restaurants opening up, staying open for a little bit, and closing, as demonstrated by the previous ownership of this restaurant space  (see this article: host.madison.com/news/lo…).It's a Supper Club with a soup and salad bar, main entrees, and dessert.  It's a table cloth, low mood lighting with candle light, and multiple utensils on hand kind of place. Everyone in my party of four ordered the Thursday special of the day, the slow cooked BBQ ribs.  It came with multiple options for a side, I chose the sweet potato french fries, my companions chose the potato pancakes or the mash.  Everything including the salad bar was divine. The turtle cheesecake was HEAVENLY.And on top of that, they know about professional wait staff service.The test of a great Supper Club will be consistency.  It remains to be seen how this quality will continue, but we can certainly be optimistic about the possibility.
<review# 398,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/13/2014,6/26/2014,128,219,,9,4>Short Stack seems to be a hybrid of casual self serve restaurants like Lazy Jane's and a traditional server-oriented sit down place.  As you may have surmised, brunch foods only!If you arrive when there's a wait, a the host will give you a license plate with your table number and ask you to wait till called. When it's your turn, you are permitted to order at the counter and pay.  There's a tip line on the CC receipt--I was  confused if tipping was obligatory like at a typical restaurant, though.  Coffee and water is self serve. A bar island in the middle provides drinks and some seating, and there are tables as well as two large booths.  The table was pretty interesting; the tabletop glass had old letters and postcards, I read a letter from the 1950s from a young woman who had lost her ring while travelling and was writing a note to her mother.As for the food, they were behind on ticket times but the restaurant was also quite busy with people waiting to be seated. It seems that when there was no longer a wait to order, they did catch up with their ticket times, but I do think we waited more than 20 minutes between being seated and receiving food. Food: we ordered sweet potato pancakes (sweet) and blueberry pancakes.  The sweet potato pancakes were very good, a little bit of crust on the pancake (which I like so it's not all the same texture) and small chunks of sweet potato.  I appreciated the homemade dollop of whipped cream and strawberries.  Blueberry pancakes had blueberries folded in and scattered with berries.  Both dishes certainly had enough bang for your buck in terms of serving size.  I preferred the sweet potato pancakes; they were very moist and were more unique.Restaurant is wheelchair accessible and I spotted 2 highchairs and booster seats, no kids' menu. You could bring kids here but it's definitely marketed more towards college students.Overall, SSE exceeded my expectations, since this is the owners' first restaurant.  But it seems like they did really work hard for it (UW undergrads who started working at restaurants specifically to qualify for a loan to open SSE).  I would recommend it to people looking for breakfast in the area, although parking in this vicinity can be tough.
<review# 399,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/16/2014,6/25/2014,49,73,2,7,4>I stopped in this morning for some coffee and breakfast. It was their breakfast "soft opening", so I was lucky enough to be among the first to try some of the best biscuits and gravy I have had in Madison. The biscuit was homemade, crisp on the outside, and chewy on the inside. The gravy was flavorful and -not- overwhelmingly salty (a huge problem with some restaurants) with just enough chunks of sausage to satisfy me. The side of rosemary potatoes were delicious, too. I also saw an egg-y croissant sandwich that looked pretty fantastic, so I will have to try that out soon. Other options include smoothies, oatmeal, strata, and a bunch of breakfast pastries.Now, the food was great...but one of the best things about this spot is that they serve Johnson Brothers Coffee. Also known as some of the best coffee on the planet. Not only that, but they love their coffee, a lot, and you can order a standard drip coffee, pour over, french press, or have them use a fancy percolator. Pour-over is a fantastic way to enjoy a quality roast, but they do it right so you can expect to wait around 5 minutes for your cup to be ready once they start making it. OH! The donut. How can I forget the donut?? I chose a glazed yeast donut. The glaze is sweet, but not overwhelming. The donut itself is chewy and has almost a bit of a tang to it. They look similar to a krispy kreme, but they taste unlike any other yeast donuts I have had before. Very tasty. Did I mention that the service is fantastic and everyone is incredibly friendly and chatty?
<review# 400,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2014,6/24/2014,25,76,,4,5>BUBBLE. TEA. Bubble tea bubble tea bubble tea.(Can you tell I love bubble tea? Seriously, it's like a drink and a snack all in one.) I first tried bubble tea at Bubble Island in University Square/East Campus Mall, and since that went south, I've been searching for bubble tea. And then Steepery came, and I found it. Of course, there are other things to love about Steepery too - mainly the multitude of flavors they offer as add-ins. Where else in the central downtown area can you get a lavender chai latte? Also, Steepery's refreshingly tech-savvy for a local shop - they've got an iPad cash register, Belly rewards app, WiFi, all that fun stuff.Only thing I don't like (and this may have changed since the last time I was there)? No gift cards. Instead, they do it by pots of tea - you can buy 10 pots, 20, etc. I'd prefer a traditional dollar-amount gift card option, if they haven't started doing it already.EDIT: Five stars, five stars - they do sell gift cards! Thanks, Owner Nick, for clearing that up for me :)
<review# 401,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/13/2014,11/30/2014,68,29,1,2,2>I live less than a ten minute walk from this place, so I thought I'd check it out. The spring rolls (fresh, not fried) was pretty freaking amazing; the sauce was peanuty, sweet, and savory (and pretty perfect after I added some siraicha). I could eat those spring rolls every day (and I plan to).I love pho, but the broth is a tad lacking; however, it's savory and salty after you add some hoison and siraicha. I had to add almost two handfuls of cilantro, all the basil, and a whole lot of sauce and additives before I got the broth to be absolutely delicious (but by that time, the noodles had been sitting in there for quite a while). But I enjoyed the pho and the experience nonetheless.The menu is large. You can bet you won't experience a meal twice for a while (unless you plan to). Oh, and the alcohol menu is very, very small: 4 beers and one selection of wine, so don't come here to drink.Service is so fast; you can expect your appetizer within five minutes and your pho in seven. They refill your water pretty frequently, but this is from experiencing the restaurant when it was completely empty.Take-out / Carry-out service is spot on. They include hot broth, sauces, bean sprouts, cilantro, the whole shebang in your bag. They also include another larger empty container if you don't have a bowl that can hold the dish.Overall, I like this place. Planning on coming back and experiencing more dishes soon.
<review# 402,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2014,11/29/2014,14,77,1,4,3>I have to admit that I did not love Gail's chocolates when I first tried them.  I found them too much like coffee and I'm not a coffee drinker.  But, Gail's chocolates are like a fine single malt scotch.  Give them to the inexperienced eater and it tastes too harsh, too dark, too strong.  Where's the mixer, they ask?  The raspberry flavoring, the interesting taste combinations?Since that first tasting, I've had the opportunity to try many more of Gail's chocolates and they have definitely grown on me.  Gail's chocolates are single sourced.  This is a big deal because you can definitely taste the difference in chocolate depending on the region that they are grown. Gail occasionally (maybe monthly) does a chocolate tasting, which I highly, highly recommend.  For $15, you learn a lot about chocolate, but more importantly, you come away appreciating the finer notes of chocolate.  For example, a Hawaiian chocolate tastes fruity to me.  I get notes of fig and raspberry.  And from this tasting, I figured out that I didn't like my first taste of Gail's chocolates because I wasn't a fan of Colombian chocolate which tastes a lot like coffee to me and it happened to be what was used for the shell of what I first tried.Gail Ambrosius is a treasure in Madison because of the educational aspect that she brings to her business.  She travels to Costa Rica on a regular basis to visit cacao farms.  Gail's truffles are subtle in flavor.  Again, it's well appreciated among those who love subtlety in their sweets and picking up notes of flavors, but maybe not for those who want the punch and response of, "omg, it tastes just like a real raspberry."  Gail often creates seasonal flavors and tries interesting concoctions in her truffles, but I'm a big fan of their 85% dark truffle.  The shitake truffle is also really good.  You can't taste mushroom per se, but it's like a lighter, more buttery version of the 85%.  The fig truffle is deliciously fruity.  Recently, I tried their three nut hot bar and the nuts are deliciously toasted and crunch.  The bar was just a little bit of salty and spicy.  Oh, so good.They are SUPER busy around the holidays (and rightfully so), so be patient when visiting their store during that time.
<review# 403,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/22/2014,11/28/2014,508,135,3,6,6>My husband and I came here for a date night and I am so glad we did! Since we bought our tickets online,  we were VIP (LOL) and were sat right away. However, we were sat at this little rinky-dink table with another couple! I mean, this table was meant for two people,  but they packed four people AND their drinks at it. It didn't help that the other couple was unfriendly and the girl was bitchy. I was hoping to have our own table. Anyway, our server was OKAY. She gave me the wrong bill twice which was super annoying. The comedians and the DJ were hilarious. I would definitely come back here if I could get my own table next time.
<review# 404,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2014,11/27/2014,16,27,2,4,4>I'll be honest, I put off stopping into Catalyst for a long time because I assumed it'd be out of my price range. I was pleasantly surprised that while they carry brands like Timbuk2, Mountain Hardware, and North Face, they also have some affordable prices. I was really impressed with the selection - good brands, both excellent quality and style. They have a great selection of women's sneakers and I'm sure I'll be back for that reason alone. The woman working when I stepped in was friendly and relaxed and the place has a local, comfortable but upscale feel. They also organize some awesome running groups and other community events. I'll definitely be back.
<review# 405,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/6/2014,11/26/2014,40,91,2,6,3>What is there not to like about Banzo? It is exactly what Madison needs more of! I have to honestly say, the best falafel I have ever had.The pita's they are using go beyond the word "good". More like amazing! Fresh, soft, & tasty making me always asking to come back for more! The marinated chicken is fantastic!The Schnitzel pita is one of favorites! I really enjoy that each bite I take is filled with a new surprise....Is it going to be relish? Chicken? or Tahini sauce...it is all so good.They have a great outdoor patio also. You can find the perfect amount of shade on a beautiful sunny afternoon day here. Plus, as a added bonus, they always have out fresh cucumber water. It's great!The staff (and owners) are awesome people, making every experience here better than the last. One of my favorite restaurants in Madison!
<review# 406,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/8/2014,11/25/2014,57,97,3,4,4>This is the most delicious non-Mexican Mexican food I've had in Madison. Is it fine dining wrapped in normcore clothes? Small business fast-casual with Midwestern pragmatism? *shrugs*Our guy behind the counter rec'd the Sheh-meh-neh burrito, which was on point, who knew sweet potato mash goes good in burritos, but I was rightfully suspicious of his red sauce rec bc I know my body and my body likes green sauce so that's what I went with. Holy chicken it was delicious. Carnitas tacos were also nothing to mess with and they came in an easy to deliver box (we ordered to go). The meat bits were crispy and tender with a little hint of sweet, tasty good with green sauce and slaw. The interior is kind of damp and drab, but I suppose they provide tables and chairs out of courtesy. Most of their business seems to run on delivery or takeout. *this review was written while completely sober.
<review# 407,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/25/2014,11/24/2014,95,202,2,6,8>Everyone has to visit here for BRUNCH! It's almost the weekend. I came here for about 3 weeks in a row. If you like seafood, this is the place to be. Also, I expect you should visit before everyone starts to flood this place like every other brunch place in Madison. Don't you wish you had a quiet place to go to for brunch, with delicious delicious food?Don't expect much service here. I tend to overlook it for the one and only place where you get seafood brunch! And good quality and delicious brunch indeed.What do I like here?Crabcake benedict - delicious real crab meat, not minced into tiny tiny bits. the hollandaise sauce is so good I can't get enough and need to ask for another tub of it...Lobster mac and cheese - are you serious? Thank you for the entire lobster pincer and another half pincer. It is not chopped into tiny pieces, excuse me, it is an ENTIRE PIECE OF LOBSTER. the mac and cheese is delicious and not overly cheesy or creamy. If you had a small appetite like me, be prepared to bring home leftovers, which still taste really really good. Also, get the rosti for side! the rosti is one of the best potatoes I've had in Madison for brunch. love the crispy crust on one side but actual potatoes on the other.
<review# 408,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/16/2014,11/23/2014,16,71,2,10,4>I had been wanting to check this place out for awhile, and last night finally had the chance. What an odd experience it was.The waiter was wonderfully awkward. He was nice and somewhat helpful, and I thought his weirdness was charming. I believe he was the only server there, and I could tell that he was trying his best. An awkward server is better than a rude one, of which I've had plenty. Good effort.For a Wednesday night, it was dead. My friend and I were the only people in there around 7 pm. We almost didn't go in, because I always get nervous when a place is that vacant. Seriously, this place needs your patronage or it will close. Come on East-siders, give this place a chance!The food was pretty good! I had the Seco de Cordero, which was delicious. Big hunks of well-cooked lamb in a thick gravy. The tacu tacu that sat on my plate was also very good, as was the red onion salsa. Just a really delicious plate of food. I'd order it again and again.My friend had the Pollo Sandwich, and he enjoyed it. The prices are a bit of a concern. For the neighborhood, I'd say it's too expensive. The lamb stew that I ordered was $22, which is way more than I'm usually willing to pay for dinner. I think the sandwiches were around $12, which is also a little expensive. But it was well-made food and something different, so I have no regrets.Oh, and that wait! I know that some others have complained about the long wait for food, and my experience was the same. We were the only two people in the restaurant, and it took about 35 minutes for our food to arrive! Now, I will give them credit for giving us some complimentary yucca sticks during our wait, but the wait was excessive.Overall, I was pleased. It's a warm little hidden gem. It's clean and comfy, and really has potential. I fear that if more people don't stop going there, it will close. And that really would be a shame. Give it a try.
<review# 409,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,11/22/2014,16,69,4,5,5>Um, I wanted a burrito. What I got was the size of my calf. I got the chicken burrito for $9. I now have upwards of three meals. The chicken was great. By no means dry or lacked flavor. Added a huge heap of burrito swag (tomato, lettuce, cheese, rice, beans, sour cream and more, I'm sure). It took up the entire take out box!!!!Now let me reverse to the experience up until this point. I crave burritos and I was picking school supplies when the craving hit. So I checked out what was recommended on yelp. Drove all of .5 miles from the mall. I pulled up and this guy is pacing back and forth, singing to his rap that is blasting in his ears. He had an odd aura about him but I proceeded. I walked in and is was for sure a hole in the wall. Clean. Decorating included the standings in the world's cup and post it notes on the drink cooler. This is exactly how I like my Mexican food though. Authentic in taste and no extra jazz.
<review# 410,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/16/2014,11/21/2014,21,37,2,20,8>What a wonderful addition to the bakery world and Chinese food world in Madison. Its modest appearance should not stop you from trying this new gem on the intersection of South Park and Lakeside. Asian Sweet Bakery opened in September 6th. I went on the opening day and twice after that, and have seen satisfied with what it offers in each visit. It serves a wide variety of breads and pastries that are common in Asia, including old school items such as pineapple buns,  char siu buns, egg tarts, to less common things like "rainbow." It will take a long time before you savor all items on their bakery menu. So far everything has been really, really good. Even better than what you can get in Chicago Chinatown. According to its staff, Asian Sweet Bakery only serves bread freshly made on the same day. You'll be able to get second-day breads at Asia Midway and Garden Asia Market at a discount price, as they all belong to the same owner. Also note that this place is more than a bakery. It serves Hong Kong style breakfast (bread, congee, and noodle soup) under $5, as well as lunch special at $7 per set. Cheap, fresh, and delicious. What more can you ask?
<review# 411,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/14/2013,4/20/2013,19,87,1,7,5>We decided to try it because of the good reviews it's been receiving and we were VERY impressed! I don't pretend to be an expert on Indian food, but this is the best I've ever had. I used to go to Swagat (which is also good), and there were a few Indian places I frequented when I lived in Denver, but this blew them away,The Garlic Naan bread is a MUST, we're still craving it today. I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala on a recommendation and it was awesome and my wife ordered the Beef Mushroom which was also excellent. We ordered take-out and the food was ready very quickly and it's also very reasonably priced. Plus, they give you a 10% discount if you pay in cash.We have a 1 year old and are always looking for good take-out options, Dhaba might have just jumped to the top of the list!
<review# 412,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/19/2013,4/19/2013,265,357,10,18,11>I support Co-ops.  I support Willy Street co-op for many reasons, one being their community reinvestment project.  It is a grant one can apply for through Willy Street and it funds local non-profit projects in the area.  I gave my heart to the non profit world as a social worker in Milwaukee, and it's tough work.  My loyalty lies with any person/organization that can get behind the non profit world and strive for real change within our communities.  It begins grassroots, non of that trickle-down bullshit some political parties rant on about as an excuse to keep their pockets full and our people suffering.  Ok, shall I tone it down a notch?  Right.  No fist fights at the riot, please.  Anyways, I went into the co-op the other day to pick up some cat food for my little monster.  It's almost like this different world, this alternate reality we can choose to live in.  Where compact cars get preference parking, idling is not allowed, and not being an owner in the co-op gets you charged 5% extra on your receipt.  But the produce is fresh, and locally sourced, and it tastes so damn good.  The products are made with this effort towards an idea of a better world, and I appreciate that.But it's a tough balance, I struggle with it.  I struggle with the uber liberal mindset of community and buying local and providing for all and this image of how we want the world to be - but we charge so much out the ass for this nourishment and "way of living," that it becomes an issue of class.  I have a problem with that.  It doesn't sit well on my conscience.  Should I go down the street to the local Mercado, and support local business that way?  Where I can buy delicious strawberries for only 99 cents and help out the mom and pops stores.  Should I stop into the Halal grocer to get my butchered meat,  and get my fish from the Asian Market down the street?  Yes.  Yes because I support local business, and I also support the local community too damn broke to walk into the co-op and spend 15 bux for a bag of "holistic" cat food.  Am I an ass?  Sometimes.  I'm an ass when it matters, and when it comes to class divisions, class segregation, and food segregation - I get sassy.  Why is this still a 4 star review?  Because co-ops are needed.  Willy Street co-op has it's place.  It supports Madison, and gives back to Madison.  This is great.  Your ownership in the co-op is what helps fund the grassroots non profits I was just doting about. But the glaring and obvious elitism that the store relies on while at the same time supporting grass roots projects has me feeling psychopathic.Will I be a regular?   Hell no. I can't afford that shit!   Catch me at Yue Wah, Viet Hoa, Mercado Marimar, Asian Midway, Hmoob Oriental Market, Yang's,  Bombay Bazaar, Swagat, Maharaja, ......... Why?  Because I just can't buy into the uber extreme class segregation apparent in upscale food grocers.  I'd rather go to Troy Gardens.
<review# 413,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,4/18/2013,57,98,3,3,2>Vegans and non-vegans alike can rejoice in this brightly-decorated cafe and order pretty much anything off the menu with the assurance that it will be a mouth-watering endeavor. We ordered the vegetarian chili with cornbread, Santa Fe salad, and the "fish" fry special which comes with a side of your choice. Though the fish fry was excellent, my favorite of the three was the Santa Fe salad - it came perfectly dressed in a savory cilantro lime dressing, with generous slices of avocado. The chili was surprisingly flavorful. In all cases, there was a great attention to spices; it's one of the reason why I like vegan/vegetarian cafes since they seem to have this in common. The wait staff is fully knowledgable about the food. I asked if there was flour in the "fish" fry breading and I got a run down of the ingredients in both the vegan and vegetarian options - indicating the staff is fully prepared to engage in and anticipate any specific dietary needs. Dessert was a slice of vegan-friendly mango cheesecake. There were splashes of ginger, lime, and mint. It tastes just like cheesecake, minus the heavy feeling of swallowing a brick of butter and cream cheese. Coffee is excellent, it comes in an individual serving-size french press.
<review# 414,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/17/2013,1,56,,2,3>We stopped here on a Sunday night for a quick dinner.  We ordered the egg rolls as an appetizer and each ordered Pho.  The Pho was quite good - my only complaint was the sodium factor.  I was parched for the rest of the night.  They serve the broth and meat and place fresh bean sprouts, peppers, and basil on the table for you to add as you like.  The veggies were fresh and the Pho was good.  We'll definitely be back!
<review# 415,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/25/2013,4/16/2013,49,76,2,2,2>There are few places in Madison that match Mickey's Dairy Bar for breakfast.  The place is historically marvelous.  It's like stepping back in time.   You can enjoy classic diner decor.  The portions are generous and the price is reasonable.  It's hard to go wrong with any of the classic breakfast and lunch items on the menu. My recommendation goes out to the SCRAMBLER - a behemoth mountain of fried potato, egg, cheese, meat and veggies smothered in Gravy.  You'll also enjoy their pancake (singular) that overshadows the plate. A single pancake is a meal. Huge portions of coffee cake and cinnamon rolls are also available.  On weekends -- and when there are Badger home games -- be prepared to wait for a table. It's a small restaurant. It's worth the wait, tho!
<review# 416,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,4/15/2013,0,16,2,3,2>Full disclosure: Outside of occasional visits to Gino's East in Chicago and Pizza Lucé in Minneapolis, my usual pizza M.O. is to pick up a pie at Papa Murphy's on the way home from work. My visit to Luigi's last night may change that. It's not that I don't like pizza. I just tend not to use my carb splurges for that. Happily, the crust at Luigi's is a carbophobes delight: razor thin, but flavorful and baked to perfection. We went with our usual (pepperoni and sausage), since my companion and I can rarely agree on other ingredients. The sausage is billed as "house made" and tasted wonderful. The pepperoni was...pepperoni. And the tomato sauce had just the right kick - not bland, not too spicy.They have a nice selection of red wines - all for the same price. I love that they come in a quartino size - which is about a glass and a half. I always seem to want more than one glass - but not a full two. This was just enough that my companion (who isn't a drinker) could have a couple of tastes, too. The service was attentive and friendly, but not overpowering. And our pizza, the wine and a lemonade came to just over $20 (not including tip). Very reasonable for a mid-week dinner out. We'll be back!
<review# 417,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/4/2013,4/14/2013,37,61,2,4,2>The food is the star, but the drinks are great supporting cast. In short, Ruben and Michael are the best beverage show team in town. Want a cocktail paired? Ruben has you. Want a wine paired? Michael will have selected a recommendation. Want a beer paired? Yep, they have that. They even have mocktail ideas for non-drinking friends. Hits: Food, beverage, and service. (AKA what any restaurant should excel at.)Misses: Early kitchen closing time -- but I get it -- slow food is meant to be enjoyed earlier in the night and a later closing time would basically keep the back of the house at work until dawn. Hints: Wine paired nights can seem pricey, but they are well worth it. Also, a first and main course are more than enough food. I frequently share a second, if I don't skip it in general. In sum, go at least once a year, if not monthly (or in my dreams weekly).
<review# 418,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,4/13/2013,122,125,2,5,3>Came here for a tasting on Friday with some friends. I was super impressed!The space is really nice, it has an industrial feel, but really spacious and clean. The wine selection is unique and diverse, not something that can be said for many places in Madison. They have lots of tastings, and a very knowledgeable (and friendly!) staff. The tastings have a good variety of wines sampled, typically a little something for everyone.They had a bit of a crowd on Friday, and I think they could have had at least one more person working the tasting. There was just one guy pouring for everyone, and you had to stand in a line/crowd for your next pour. I am perfectly happy taking my time with a tasting, but I really enjoy chatting with the staff and learning more about the wines I'm tasting. This is tough to do when there are a lot of people being helped by the same person. I think the overall experience would have been improved by a few more people handling the tastings.I appreciated the spread of bread, cheese, and cured meat. I did want water to rinse my glass and mouth a few times, which they did not have.Lastly, I've been to many wine tastings and have never had such tiny pours! There was barely enough to get 2-3 sips of the wine. Most other tastings I've been to give very generous pours, so this was a surprising to me.Overall, I really enjoyed coming here. I think they could improve a few things, but given the lack of comparable places in Madison, I'm just glad this place is here and as nice as it is.
<review# 419,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/7/2013,4/12/2013,42,32,,5,2>This is such a cute little shop that has so much more than cheese.  In fact, I have probably bought more non-cheese product here than actual cheese.  The shop is pretty small and tightly packed, but it has a lot to offer for cheese and otherwise.  Aside from the amazing selection of cheese they also stock many different varieties of fruit preserves, honey, oils, chocolates, and more.  It is a great spot to pick up locally produced food gifts.On my most recent trip I discovered the cheese "orphans" which are small chunks of cheese that are left over.  I've seen this at other places and am glad to see it here, too!  This is a great way to try new (pricey) cheeses without having to pay a premium.
<review# 420,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,4/11/2013,73,99,,6,3>Came here for a birthday dinner and this place did NOT disappoint. They have such COOL food here that are not only delicious but also visually delicious!! I LOVED LOVED LOVED their chicken wings....I mean really!!! Gourmet wings!!!! They were asian-ish and soooooo goood!!! I almost ALMOST cancelled the rest of our order and just asked for more wings ;)From our friend who had been here in past months it seems like they have updated their style and menu....and for the better! It is a tapas style restaurant but the serving amounts were decent! I also had a citrus (adult) drink...can't remember the name now...but it was delicious :)I can't wait to go back!!
<review# 421,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2013,8/2/2013,2,8,4,5,4>We did take-out from here and we were so glad we did. The tofu bibimbap was so delicious, I couldn't stop eating it even though I was full and my stomach started to hurt.. I still needed to eat ALL THE BIBIMBAP. Give me BIBIMBAP!!
<review# 422,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,8/1/2013,63,48,4,5,3>After a change of hands, this cafe spot on Monroe Street has transitioned to the perfect place to learn more about coffee, listen to some live music and enjoy the company of neighbors and friends.The owners are enthusiastic about music + coffee and they really show it! A new, custom made pour-over station ensures you get a cup of the best quality and learn something new while you're at it! Some alterations to the front of the shop let more light in for a fresh, relaxing spot to do what you need to do while you caffeinate.If it's a little too late for java, there are wine and beer options, too! Hungry? The flatbread is delicious!
<review# 423,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/2/2013,7/31/2013,147,332,3,7,6>In a strip mall, just before you come into Sun Prairie from the south, there's a Pizza place on the right. Go there! Take out if you must but go there.S.U. and I had heard good things and, mid week, made the trek. No crowds on a Wednesday, Great friendly service and a menu full of specials. Now, I'm ordinarily a double anchovies on a simple pie guy but, we went for the smoked gouda, bacon, caramelized onions and tomato special. Out of this world. On top of that several good beers on tap and a decent wine list! The reasonably priced Spanish Garnacha (Grenache, north of the border), was excellent. For some unknown reason, we were offered a 20% discount on the wine (we accepted) and that made the bottle even more reasonable!!I should also mention the salad, tossed in a bowl before serving and beautifully presented.5 stars! As good as it gets!
<review# 424,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/24/2013,7/30/2013,52,87,1,5,5>Great independent coffee shop. I've had the breakfast bagel and the waffles. The waffles are DELICIOUS!  The food is available all day. Cozy environment. I go here about once a week. I also love they finish their lattes with a nice leaf design.
<review# 425,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/7/2013,7/29/2013,52,75,3,6,4>Thank You Yelp for helping me discover this hidden GEM that I will secretly refer to as ROAST House of perfectly crafted sandwiches. On my day off, I headed down to state street to give it a try. I ordered the CAP WHITE HOUSE Roast Beef Sandwich. The thing was the size of a softball and probably weighed about a pound and a half. Roast Beef, Cheese, Caramelized Onions, All on a perfectly toasted hoagie. I Tried the sweet potato fries which were out of this world. This place is a must try. I would encourage you to wear some pants that will stretch a little!
<review# 426,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/3/2013,7/28/2013,158,144,3,6,7>Let's just say the two times I have delivered babies in the hospitals across the street, I have ordered Greenbush pizza and food from my suite.  Hospital food may be getting better, but you can't beat Greenbush food no matter what. It is a secret gem.  You may have walked by a dozen times and not even realized it.I love that it has a real history to its own building and neighborhood.  Walk down into the basement, watch your head and be greeted by a wonderful smell that would've made Uncle Louie proud. Appetizers, salads, antipasto, pizzas, oh pizzas, smoked trout on pasta, are just some of our favorites.  It's intimate, it's cozy, the drinks from the bar and fabulous and so are the amazing desserts if you have any room left. So bring a friend who has never been, visitors from out of town or your honey on a romantic trip down memory lane right here in Madison.
<review# 427,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,7/27/2013,36,9,3,8,2>Simply put...I've went to A TON of hair places in Madison...I was fickle for sure. Until I found Thorps. That was 3 years ago; I became an instant regular.I've had many of Thorp's stylists cut my hair, all with good results. However, Stephen and Gabriel are my go-to's....I've got short, very thick hair, and I always leave with a great cut. They help me find something fun, balancing edgy with professional (enough). I feel they always hear me out and create something that works for me. The diverse clientele of the shop from retirees, toddlers, hipsters, and everything in between speaks to the breadth of their stylist skills.Beyond great haircuts, there is always thoughtful conversation accompanying your time in the chair...this may sound simple, but there is something to be said about **not** having an awkward, surfacey conversation that you cannot escape for 45+ minutes (been there, done that at many other salons).Other perks...-Online appointments-Reasonable prices-Pac-Man in the shop-Complimentary drinks-Great atmosphere
<review# 428,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2013,7/26/2013,41,78,,4,1>My husband and I just had the pizza from Buck & Honey's for the first time recently, so I HAD to post an update. We only ordered the Mac & Cheese pizza, but OH.MY.GOODNESS.We ate it at least two weeks ago and my mouth still waters just thinking about it. They use several types of REAL cheese and serve it on a thin crust.Mind = blown. I've had mac & cheese pizza before, but never like this.
<review# 429,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/16/2013,7/25/2013,14,122,2,3,2>I love this library. Love it. It is beautiful and quite large with a quiet room full of magazines (you can check out the ones from the previous months), piles of documentary DVDs, quiet corners to sit/hide in, screened porches that are open during the non-winter months, four self-check stations, an open area where you can fetch your own holds (and thanks to the wonders of technology you don't have to worry about somebody snaking your long-awaited stuff away from you), bunches of computers with access to the internet (even if you had to bring your impatient 3-year-old who thinks the word 'quiet' means 'be louder'), and a great used-book store run by some very sweet retirees. And that's just the stuff I've used. There are two different graphic novel sections: one for adults and one for kids. Finally, maybe my *most* favorite thing, is the Staff Picks section. It's mostly books but with a few DVDs too; I've found some worthy stuff there. There are dedicated children's librarians, friendly people at the information/reference desk (with little plaques that say please interrupt us), and book returns both inside and out. I've always been pro-library, but this place is just unbelievable. I feel so lucky to live near it.
<review# 430,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/20/2013,7/24/2013,25,76,2,5,3>The one and only downside of Fuzzy's, to me, is that the price is a TEENY bit high. But I say that as a college student with very little disposable income who wouldn't mind if everything in life were one or two dollars cheaper. So.Besides that, I immediately fell in love with Fuzzy's the first time I went. I got one soft crawfish taco and one crispy ground beef (love that you can order tacos a la carte), and both were delicious. I wasn't expecting the feta to be good, but that + garlic sauce = amazing. My date and I also ordered the chips & guacamole, which were great. Chips were well-seasoned, not just plain old Tostitos, and the guac looked and tasted homemade.The atmosphere is fun (paper towel holders on each table!), the food is tasty and fresh...love it.
<review# 431,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/10/2012,12/17/2012,7,38,,2,1>The Blue Marlin is a nice resturant if you are looking for bistro style.  I've lived in Madison for over 40 years now and I've heard the good and the bad. The food was beautiful and that added to the entire experience of the place, it is a very very tiny place, so you have to whisper if you don't want the table next to you hearing every word you say.  but the food was presented wonderfully and tasted equally as good.  Only complaint would be the $9.00 Ceasar salad I got tasted like it came out of a bag. The croutons didn't seem like they were made in house and overall it just didn't taste fresh.Overall I am glad we went there, the salmon with beet puree was wonderful!!
<review# 432,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/23/2012,12/16/2012,2,9,,4,2>I cannot say enough good things about Whole Pet. We took our cat here last night. The vet tech and vet, Erica, were incredibly knowledgeable, helpful and patient. We have a "problem cat" so we warned them that she could be difficult to wrangle. They said they had some tricks for that and, amazingly, they worked. (Feliway, kitty burrito, tapping on the head for distraction.) They listened to all of our questions and spend a lot of time thoughtfully responding. They explained how much everything would cost in advance and gave us options. Full service is what you get here--down to cleaning up the stress poo and pee. Erica even went so far as to help us clean out the carrier, put it back together, and gently put our cat in. Unreal! We have gone to lots of different vets in several states but Whole Pet by far blows everyone else away.
<review# 433,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2012,12/15/2012,34,107,,8,1>The Klassik is a great bar and supper club down in Verona. Walking inside, the bar is down to the right hand side. It's a long room with an interesting layout.The bar itself is the length or the room. It juts out a little 1/4 of the way down before tucking back in another 1/4 of the way down, then takes a shallow angle inboard to the end of the room, where it doglegs back in on itself at almost 180 degrees. This forms a commanding table out at the very end of the bar. It's pretty cool, but it mans you'll need a minute to figure out where to sit! There are a few hi-top tables on the perimeter and a big picture window with a good view outside. The bar stools themselves have low back with wings that wrap around into armrests -- super-comfortable and great to sit in for a long while.The food is excellent and I have yet to have a bad anything. Dinner plates come with fresh baked rolls, choice of potato, a wedge salad and main dish.The grouper sandwich was delicious. Their ribs were shockingly good with a pleasantly sweet yet spicy sauce; they're easily the best ribs I've had in Wisconsin -- drop in on Wednesdays where you can get a full-rack for the half-rack price. The wedge salad on offer is a 1/5 wedge of super-crisp iceberg with carrot, cucumber and fresh baby spinach served with dressing -- the ranch dressing and blue cheese dressing are both homemade and good options.I've also sampled the cod fish fry a friend had as well as the fried shrimp special. Both are available on Fridays. I noted very high quality fish and shrimp here. The cod had a delicate sweetness I don't find at other places and the battering was light and crisp. The shrimp are jumbo size and obviously from the Gulf of Mexico; they had that tender richness I've only had before in New Orleans. Cocktail sauce is homemade and how I would make it if I were to do it myself -- just the right amount of horseradish to be spicy but shrimp and crispy batter flavors still come through.This is a great treat and I plan to return just for these alone. The loaded baked potato was ok and could have been baked a bit more, but despite being wall-to-wall packed nothing else was under- or over- cooked.Johanna and Jimmy down at the bar are the nicest bartenders in the area and treat you like a regular from your first visit on. The waitstaff is just as nice. I can't recommend this place strongly enough. I've never been in the dining room, but I imagine its at least as good as the bar area. Enjoy it!
<review# 434,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/8/2012,12/14/2012,140,255,4,7,6>All-you-can-eat sushi is a dangerous thing.Restaurant Muramoto offers a $25 AYCE deal for dinner Sunday, Monday, and Tuesday. The list of what you can get with this is extensive: rolls, special rolls, nigiri, and some sides such as miso soup, seaweed salad, Asian slaw. This was 99% an awesome experience. Our server was nice -- she didn't make us feel like she hated her job because her tip would be lower than if we'd come on a "normal" night (and to be honest, for the 2 women at the table, we probably wouldn't eat more than $25 in sushi anyway... but the men definitely consumed at least twice that). The sushi wowed our taste buds. I'm not normally a fan of the "special" rolls (why would you want smoked salmon and cream cheese at a SUSHI restaurant, for Pete's sake?). But there were some truly extraordinary combos here... well worth trying. For example: the Gunsmoke (smoked salmon, tomato, mizuna, bacon-tempura crunch); the Tokyo Picnic (crispy pork, Asian slaw, baconnaise); the Viper (hamachi, avocado, eel, and spicy eel sauce).By the end of the meal, my stomach and my mouth were in a full-on fight (-"No! Can. Not. Eat. One. More. Bite. Stop" -"What did you say? ...Mmmm this tastes good... I think someone's talking but can't hear over the chewing noises") Never before have I eaten this much sushi in one sitting. I would say I won't again but I suspect we'll be back.If you're wanting to try the AYCE deal, bring some friends and be prepared to spend the whole evening. This is not something to try when you're getting a quick dinner before a movie. The restaurant appears to try to keep its costs down by serving each table only once an hour. Earlier in the night, when the restaurant was slammin', it made sense that the food took a long time to come out. The cost-cutting tactic became painfully apparent on our third round, when the restaurant had mostly emptied out and the servers were standing around without much to do, yet it still took about 45 minutes from placing the order to food on the table.
<review# 435,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/27/2012,12/13/2012,20,149,3,2,2>I've been to the Koi several times, and the Jade Monkey (its east side sister) a gazillion more. The drink menu is awesome and the service has always been great. I'm fond of their martinis, perhaps a little too fond if-you-know-what-I-mean. Even though the Koi is really close to where I work, it's not close to where I live, which makes it hard to be a real regular. The upholstery work in the bar, actually both bars, is phenomenal, and the decor is clean and crisp, if a little cold. This is a good addition to the area, and I appreciate the fact that no one rolls their eyes as I plow through the little dish of snack mix at happy hour. Ya don't want me drinking without some sort of food, let me tell ya!
<review# 436,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,12/12/2012,3,76,2,5,5>Salvatore's tests a couple of life's basic aphorisms.  First - is it possible to have too much of a good thing?  Second - do one thing really well, then keep doing it.Sal's wraps up my triumvirate of pizza reviews since moving to Wisconsin, and it takes the cake.  Or pie, as the case may be.  It happens to be within walking distance of our new house in Sun Prairie, hence our first test.  This is really a test of willpower.  This is good pizza.  This is really good pizza.  And it's a five minute walk.  At toddler speed.  We could eat there every night.  But we exercise willpower.  I hate exercise.So the second test.  Sal's menu reveals it all.  You want lasagna?  You want subs?  You want linguini with clam sauce?  You want calzones?  Seek elsewhere.  Here you'll get pizza and you'll like it.  Oh yes, you will.  From the perfect bready, yeasty, not-too-thin, not-too-thick, woodfired, not a bit greasy crust, to the herby tomotoey saucy sauce (yes, I'm being redundant, but I'm short on adjectives today), to the simply delicious assortment of locally sourced, super-fresh and super-tasting toppings.  Our family is mostly non-meatarian, but that does not diminish the flavorsome fixings available at Sal's.  Starting to get the picture?  [Oh yeah, they do offer salads & other appetizers.  The salads are pretty fine too, especially when heirlooms are in season.]My wife's been a huge fan of Chicago-style dripping cheesiness her whole life, but even she's come around to the artisanal perfection that Sal's embodies.  Pizza.  One size only (big).  Bring your appetite.  Or bring your friends.  Heck, bring both and knock yourself out.  It's a small space; maybe eight or ten tables?  Wait staff can get overwhelmed when the line begins to stretch out the door, but they'll always make things right.And the beer selection's yummy (though I'm starting to realize that I've moved to a little slice of beer paradise, otherwise known as Wisconsin).
<review# 437,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,12/11/2012,21,15,,4,2>I love Salamone's.  I grew up in Fort Atkinson, and don't get back there very often, but when I do, I make a point of visiting this establishment at least once.  Italian food can often be over-thought and under-delivered.  When I come here and order the baked mostaccioli, special salad (with house-made ranch) and satisfying small calzone, I am never disappointed (this order is split by the table, I'm not superwoman!)Baked mostaccioli:  1. Perfectly al dente mostaccioli  baked with mozzarella, provolone, and american cheese, topped with their signature marinara sauce.  2. Chunks of garlic are obvious in the sauce. 3. It is perfectly salty and savory.4.  One portion of this dish feeds me for 6 meals.  6 meals, people.  We're talking 5 pounds of food (*most likely an exaggeration*)Special Salad:1.  Yummy mix of green and black olives with a small amount of tomato and a generous portion of  and mozzarella and pepperoni.  2. THE RANCH.  This stuff has been made in house since I can remember.  I worked at Salamone's in high school (upwards of 15 years ago....) and they have always made a fresh ranch with cream and spices.  It. Is. Amazing.  I use it on everything I order, from the pasta to the calzone.THE CALZONE:1.  This dish cannot be ignored.  All of the ingredients at Salamone's are fresh, high quality, and delicious, and this gem on their menu takes no exception.2.  The dough really makes this dish special.  It is chewy on the inside and baked to a delicious crunch on the outside.  The sauce, mozzarella, and toppings are always balanced and gooey.  My recommendation is the small calzone with sausage, mushrooms and spinach.  But honestly, I have a handful of friends that each have a personal favorite. Ulitimately:Service:  Really choppy.  They hire heavily from the high school, so expect a polite but inexperienced waiter/waitress.  Ambiance: Good for families in the restaurant, and great for a group of friends in the bar area.  Very laid-back all around.Price:  Expensive for the area, but cheap compared to Madison.Salamone's is a bit of a drive outside of Madison, and Fort Atkinson offers very few entertainment options, but it is worth a visit if you enjoy truly amazing and simple Italian food.
<review# 438,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,12/10/2012,86,145,,3,4>I picked this spot because I found on Yelp that Bluephies had a lot of vegetarian options - no, I'm not, but my friend's wife is. So it was nice to be able to accommodate her. I ordered the "Hot Buttered Rum" for my signature cocktail and it was the best hot chocolate and rum I have ever had. In fact, I had to order it twice. Yum!I was hesitant to order the quesadilla though and I was right to think that way. It wasn't listed in the appetizers section, so I was hopeful to get some large pieces. But no, I got 4 tiny 'quesadillas' if you can even call them that - they looks like soft shell tacos squished flat. But they were tasty - just not filling enough (there weren't any other pork belly options). Plus, we had to wait forever because a 10 top managed to get their order in just before us. And while I'm ranting about what I didn't like, our waiter constantly started with what wasn't available. I understand the need to tell us, but I'm not going to order everything, it just had me wondering why the manager chose not to serve one thing and why they were out of another menu item.So yes, I have a huge paragraph of negatives. Yikes; and yet I am still compelled to give Bluephies 4 stars. My friend loved her vegetarian selection, I loved my Hot Buttered Rum, and I have saved the best part for last - dessert. Since the dinner was so small, I had enough room for dessert. Another Yelper noted that people needed to try the Cookie Dough Egg Rolls. So, I respected her review enough to do so and I'm glad I did. Best decision of the night - if it wasn't for the darn quesadilla, I would have easily given Bluephies 5 stars. Oh and this place is a little pricier, so if you're living off a small budget, it may not be the best choice; however, if you can spare some extra cash - Bluephies needs to be added to your list!
<review# 439,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/31/2012,12/9/2012,5,32,,4,2>LOVE!  I got the vegan Reuben and it was delicious.  Freshly made right in front of me (therefore not the quickest cart, but not slow either).  It was overflowing with perfectly seasoned mushrooms and (I believe) jackfruit, thousand island dressing and sauerkraut.  I wish they had slightly better transport (everything is packed into a small open-air fry basket), as I take my items that I get at library mall for a slight walk before sitting down to eat, but that's okay. The sandwiches all come with vinegar coleslaw and tortilla chips. I also got a vegan peanut butter cup that was quite yummy.  Overall, highly recommended.  The food was fresh and delicious.
<review# 440,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2012,12/8/2012,48,226,,2,2>This place is pretty nice for kind of a trendy sports/ divery bar. This place is gonna take some describing so bare with me. You enter through a door in the corner of the bar where you first see an ATM (hint hint) and then find some seating to your right and the bar straight ahead. As you walk towards the bar, the place kind of bottlenecks where you find the stairs to an upstairs, the door the outdoor patio and lots of bar height tables. The bar is runs almost the length of the building then wraps around a bit near the kitchen. BTW they make some GREAT bar food especially a patty melt that was soo good I ordered it immediately the next time I went. Anywho... They have a TON of draft beers and a TON of different liquors. Great big TV's right at the bar to be able to watch any game you want and then they also have a massive projection screen for some of the bigger games as well and to watch from upstairs.They also have some of the most friendly staff I have ever met in my entire life. THEY ARE GREAT! Great doesn't even describe it. They're jubilant! Yeah, that's right your learning new words!Anyways, Moving on to the upstairs, They have a pool table A SECOND smaller bar and another set of TV's! They also have darts and lots more seating up their. On most nights the upstairs is nice and quiet and not crowed at all so you can usually sneak in a couple games of pool and darts. Oh and this place is usually pretty clean but its a dive bar so spills can happen. Finally the outdoor patio wraps around the back of the bar just a tad and has some nice tables to sit at as well. Jeez, with all the seating you could sit a small town in there and it doesn't seem like that big of a building. Like I said it has some great staff, a nice building, and lots of seating. And great patty melts.. mmmm ok thats it i'm going to get one when i'm done with this review. Get on down there to watch some good sports, and eat and drink well without busting the bank. Watch out for the daily specials too!
<review# 441,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2012,12/7/2012,70,19,4,4,5>When I get a text that says "meet for brunch at noon" from my best friend, I don't even have to ask where. You only have to specify a location if you aren't going to Marigold. Of course, there is one serious problem with Marigold. I end up having a heart-wrenching, philosophical dilemma every time I go there: savory or sweet? It would be an easy decision to make if one menu item from either camp stood out above the rest, but everything is so good! I don't even notice the wait because I spend the whole time I'm in line making a pros and cons list between two of the items in my head. It's all very emotional for me.By the time I get to the front of the line, the turmoil I am experiencing is plain to see. The girl at the register asks me what I'll have and I just stammer, "ummm ummm ummm...." and begin to panic. But just when I start to hyperventilate, my friend jumps in. "We'll split the duck confit hash and the french toast."  That's why he's my best friend.
<review# 442,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/18/2012,12/6/2012,19,87,,2,2>AMAZING place! After one visit, it's hard not to call this one of my favorite places in town. It has a fun, casual atmosphere and incredible food and cocktails. They are the only place in Madison (that I know of) that has soft shell crab and their braised Panchetta is incredible! I would definitely recommend checking it out.
<review# 443,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/11/2012,12/5/2012,65,45,3,4,2>Perfect lazy summer evening ice cream shop.  Love the old fashioned soda jerk counter (as a former junior member of the Nat'l Assoc of Soda Jerks, I'm obviously an expert! :P ) and classic ice cream sodas, although I remain a total sucker for the vanilla malt.I have no experience with the bait shop, but they appear to have 5-7 worm varieties to choose from, so... there's that!
<review# 444,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/13/2012,12/4/2012,18,217,,4,2>I first started frequenting Chinese groceries in the early 90's in Minneapolis, MN, because that's where my Chinese Doctor had his practice.  There are some incredible grocery stores and pharmacies there, and in other large cities.  Compared to those, Asian Midway foods would earn 3 stars from me.That said, this is Madison.  The store offers a decent selection of Asian foods.  It's in a poorer part of Madison and that is reflected by the clientele and the condition of the store, itself.But, why are you reading this?  Probably because you need something that only a Chinese grocery would likely be able to offer.  Or, perhaps you are just curious.  You should definitely come here.  I buy teas, treats, and Chinese Medicine here.  The staff have always been friendly and helpful.  You'll get a decent sense of the types of things you'd find at larger, more established stores.I can't speak much for the actual grocery selection because I haven't done any grocery shopping here.  Will update when I have time to check them out more.
<review# 445,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/19/2012,12/3/2012,2,17,,2,1>Amazing gyros! They serve you an awesome amount of meat and the perfect amount of sauce. The onion slices aren't cut too thick and everything all together just tastes amazing. This is my #1 spot for gyros! Every time I've been to this place they've never seem too busy. The service is quick and efficient. I'll be sure to come back!
<review# 446,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/23/2012,12/2/2012,15,31,,8,4>I love Dobra tea, really sad to hear the negative reviews.  I don't find them snobby, they just take the place really seriously.  They do not have Wi-fi, as to deter people from staying there and studying/being distracting, they don't do take-out, to prevent many people coming in and out.  I quite like it.  It sends a message of "we do tea, our shop is calm, let go of your worries, relax, drink tea, and enjoy the ambiance".  Been there quite a few times and for the price I think you get very stellar tea and good service.  You have to wait awhile for the tea/waiters because typically only a couple people work at a time and they are steeping tea the completely for you.  Most teas require about 5 minutes to steep, when you get it, it's ready.  They use the correct pot/cups for you to enjoy the tea, create little trays for it with the larger orders, and make sure the temperature is spot on.  You have to be patient but they don't want you to just get a tea bag and call it a day - nay - this is an experience.  Enjoy the extended time and savor the tea!
<review# 447,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/14/2012,12/1/2012,25,16,,7,3>I love Red! I live in the neighborhood and eat here quite frequently. the staff always makes good suggestions and I've always liked everything I've gotten! The reason for the 4 instead of 5 stars is the following. I went there this past Thursday for my birthday with my sister and two friends. We got some apps, drinks and sushi. My sister insisted on telling the waitress it was my birthday and after the plates were clear she said to me specifically 'what would you like for dessert...' and then gave me the options. My friend then asked if he could order dessert as well. I was surprised when the bill came and I was charged for my dessert. Now it's not the money just the way she offered it to me that I found strange.Regardless, I will continue to dine at Red and look forward to several other meals
<review# 448,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/26/2012,11/30/2012,15,41,,2,2>Absolutely Art is a fun place to browse through and see what random piece of art you need to take home with you. I've picked up some jewelry pieces and little gifts for those hard to buy for people. They have a wide range of prices for pieces so you don't have to be loaded to get something unique and made locally. They also have a lot of yard art which the gardener in me really enjoys. Not all of wall art styles are to my taste, but they do have enough variety in items that I am usually able to find something I like.  They are attacheed to the cafe next door, so a pleasant weekend morning of grabbing a chai latte then browsing through the store is a great way to support two local businesses in one stop.
<review# 449,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,11/29/2012,33,34,2,3,1>All I can say is that I am happy I live less than a block away from Ha Long Bay. I smell Ha Long Bay constantly and having tried many different things on the menu I say try the Pho and try PE1, the one with the peanuts. SO SO SO good. I could eat there everyday.
<review# 450,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/6/2012,11/28/2012,70,386,,2,2>Service = 4.5Attention to Detail = 5Annual Trips = Birthday, Anniversary & Mother's Day weekend brunch (new tradition for us and so worth it) I'm finally writing a review because I have to disucss Oysters here to go to my list. Here goes: 1) Bread brought in a little basket upon seating. 3 flavored butters offered as accompaniment. 2) Oyster Rockerfeller for apps. Price is per each as in singular not sold at a discounted quantity amount.      East Coast oyster     Upper West Coast (pacific) oysters available Generally choose the West Coast for the texture. I like steak chewy - let me know I'm eating something. Nothing raw for me as I'm allergic and yet caution to wind when its cooked with spinach, bacon, a little butter and so forth. .(insert laugh here)Since this is solely to reflect my oyster experience, I'll digress about the other items and just say we're loyal for the tasty steak, butter, fried catfish and lunches.
<review# 451,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2013,4/1/2014,126,534,1,17,4>As with all buffets, Journey is more about quantity than quality. I have to say that the quality here is better than with most buffets. Hot bar: They do have a lot of seafood. There's crawfish, stone crab, shrimp (fried and steamed), baked salmon, clams, mussels, and SUSHI. (More on the sushi in a second). The crawfish will make you sad if you've ever had crawfish boil down South, but if not, then you should be fine. The clams are where it's at, IMO. The other stuff was probably boiled and doesn't have a lot of flavor. There's also the usual Chinese buffet items: broccoli chicken/beef, orange chicken, fried rice, lo mein, coconut shrimp, fried scallop (not real scallop! Skip it.), hot and sour soup, etc. The potstickers were a hit for me, but the other items were just ok.Cold bar: your typical salad bar. There was iceberg mix and spinach leaves, then a bunch of typical salad toppings.Dessert: I saw that they had individual servings of ice cream, as well as soft serve, jello, typical buffet cake, and bananas with some kind of red sauce.Sushi bar: Sushi chefs are right behind the sushi buffet making the rolls so it's pretty fresh. As far as rolls go, most of them are ones with "fancy" names filled with cooked ingredients catered towards Americans and covered with sauces. They do have a couple of rolls with raw fish and some nigiri down at the end of the line, if you're lucky. I haven't had any disastrous journeys to the bathroom, so I think it's safe.Hibachi station: Did not get to try, but they had a decent selection of raw ingredients you could pile in a bowl, hand to a chef, and have it stir-fried for you.Service: It was packed at 6pm on a Saturday night, but we were seated in about 15 minutes. The waiters are very efficient and are pretty good about filling your water up.Overall: There's enough variety here that you would probably have to make two trips to try everything they have. Although they have some hits, there are also a lot of misses in terms of dishes. Use your best judgement. For $12.95, you can't do better than this all-you-can-eat buffet.
<review# 452,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,3/31/2014,57,98,6,7,6>I tend to avoid eating at State St. establishments, but "Med Cafe," as my friends affectionately call it, is the first State St. establishment that has made me really regret this. Let this be some valuable and vague lesson in life on never giving up. Prices are reasonable, plates are nicely portioned, food is fast, and everything is really good, like catered food good. If I'm ever a few blocks from State St. and it's feeding time, you can be sure I'm there. I don't like carrying cash, but I'll start doing it now. Med Cafe, you've changed me. *shakes fist*
<review# 453,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/11/2014,3/30/2014,47,169,1,7,4>Unlike many women, I don't really like shopping....that's why I was so happy to discover that Saigon Noodles is practically next door to West Towne Mall!  Food really motivates me so I won't mind shopping and grabbing some pho this winter.  Saigon Noodles is clean, nicely decorated, has a great menu, and their pho is pretty great.  I was disappointed that the difference in price between regular and large pho is pretty crazy....I highly recommend splashing out that extra $1 for twice as much pho!  The service here is pretty basic....nothing more than a "hi," "what do you want to order?" and "ready for the check?"....but you can't have everything!
<review# 454,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/18/2014,3/29/2014,87,148,2,4,3>I am a little biased - I worked in a library all through high school and into college. I also love books, I own A LOT of them, ask my husband, he just moved them all. So, I really haven't met a library I haven't liked, but the Sun Prairie library is top notch. Having recently re-located to the Sun Prairie area one of the places I really wanted to check out was the library. It did not disappoint. Here are the aspects of it that really stuck out to me: The snack shop - what a great idea! Who doesn't lose track of time at the library and need a little refueling? The ceilings and overall structure - very elegant. The staff - always kind and helpful. Not the stereotypical librarian who constantly shushes you. Plenty of places to sit and read undisturbed, unless you have children that is. The children's area. Screened in porch Plenty of activities and programing Reservable community rooms
<review# 455,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/1/2013,3/28/2014,16,93,2,10,6>A big fan or Tory Miller and what he's done for the Madison foodie scene, I was pumped when he opened this place!  Killer spot on the square with awesome views and fresh urban "farm to table" type decor.  The focus is just good quality seasonal food!  We had the pickle sampler for an appetizer and it was fantastic, inventive, and fun.  The graze burger was out of this world, and I had the pulled pork macaroni and cheese which was equally amazing.  The last time we visited I felt like they were short staffed so I will give them a little lee-way on timely service, but the quality was there.  The bartenders are always great with an ever changing drink menu...and the bar area is a great place to see and be seen!
<review# 456,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/30/2013,3/27/2014,52,246,1,6,4>My husband and I were in the area looking for a fantastic food choice, Yelp and my husband's hankering for a latte beckoned us here.  We chose to eat off the lunch side (breakfast until 3 PM too) with orders of the Pork and Apple sandwich and Chicken Pannini.  Both came with a side salad tossed with a light vinaigrette.   The sandwiches were tasty and the bread was fantastic.  The pork was on baguette and the chicken was a hearty sourdough.  My husband isn't into tough breads so it was tender and still crunchy.  I have to admit, I thought the pork was going to be acceptable but it had beautiful flavors which gave a sweet savory.  I will be back but to try the bakers breakfast or french toast.
<review# 457,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/14/2014,3/26/2014,102,48,,6,4>I'll start by stating the truth: I freak the hell out about my hair. I range from loving my unmanageable locks, to needing a drastic cut on the spot. With this sudden change in state of mind, I need a barber almost on hand to satisfy me. Unfortunately I don't have an entourage to please my every potentially hazardous(to those around me) wim, so I often settle for whatever salon is available the moment I call. This has led me astray from Cha Cha quite often. They're a busy little shop. But today, after a long look in the mirror, I dialed them up and was thrilled to hear they had a cancellation and I was to be fit in. My barber was Brandon, who has been working with Cha Cha for 8 years, and knows his shit. Brandon was extremely informative about my hair, and there was a certain excitement in his craft that was refreshing and honestly relaxing for someone like me, who often hides from the world after a cut until it grows out quite a bit. I walked out of Cha Cha feeling comfortable with the way my hair looks. That's saying something coming from someone like me.Prices are reasonable. Staff encouraging and knowledgable. I think I've found my new spot and I couldn't be happier.
<review# 458,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/17/2014,3/25/2014,69,120,,8,7>I was actually astonished at how yummy my sushi was from Sushi Express. I ordered their 3 roll combo delivered to my apartment last night and it got here within 45 minutes. The cold rolls were still cold and my warm roll was warm, impressive! I had the spicy tuna roll, which is really good. They put crispy tempura bits into it which really gave it something extra. The Philadelphia roll was also yummy. One of my all time favorites will always be the shrimp tempura roll, and this one did not disappoint. I loved it so much I almost ordered some again the next day! Really, really good food and really, really cheap!
<review# 459,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,3/24/2014,14,28,,6,3>I love Bradbury's. I live a block away and head here just about every weekend. Their crepes are really tasty and their coffee is great, too. I also appreciate that they have fast wifi and even though it can get a little tight (it's a small place), I've never not been able to find a seat. Plus, the big windows make it the perfect place to absorb a sunny morning and do some people-watching.
<review# 460,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2014,3/23/2014,32,11,,7,4>I was so pleased with the personal attention I got in picking out a gift for the beer drinker in my life. I brought in chocolates that needed beer pairings and the staff enthusiastically found me matches without breaking my bank account. They took time to label beers for the appropriate chocolates and packed my beers in easy to carry boxes. Awesome!(Also, recently found my mom's favorite hard-to-find wine at Barriques.) Needless to say - stop for coffee, go gift shopping! Love.
<review# 461,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,2/28/2013,147,332,3,7,4>I've been meaning to get over to the new brewery and the recent snow storm afforded me the perfect opportunity. Why? Because my S.U. was flying into Madison and was stuck getting de-iced on the runway in Chicago. I figured, hang at the Ale Asylum brewery, bring my laptop because they have WIFI (the airport doesn't) and wait it out with a pint of Hopalicious.What a spot! Open and airy, nice wood. Several different areas. You could get lost in this place. I had heard that I shouldn't expect much of the food but I had a more than decent pulled pork sandwich and a fresh pint of Hopalicious. They have a wall behind the bar with sign for each beer that they brew. If it's lit up, they have it.The place was pretty quiet  for a Thursday night, there was a snow storm after all. I was told that it's usually packed on Thirsty Thursday. While I considered having a second pint, I didn't. Not because a second flight would have caused me to drive too slowly and swerve around on the road, the snow and road conditions made everyone drive like they'd had a few too many, but I saw on the flight tracker that the S.U. was in the air and due in 15 minutes.A great space and an awesome place to wait for the call that says, "We just landed, meet you out front".
<review# 462,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,2/27/2013,18,25,,4,2>Delicious as usual! I was recentlyish diagnosed as unable to eat gluten, and have been craving pizza ever since. Glass Nickel's gluten-free crust disappointed me, so I was hesitant to try Roman Candle's.I am THRILLED to report that I was pleasantly surprised. The pizza was delicious, the crust was crispy and flavorful. I didn't feel "left out" or like I was "settling" at all.
<review# 463,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/17/2013,2/26/2013,137,133,,5,2>I went to the Tornado room about a year ago and postponed writing a review for a while.  By the time I was set to finally review this joint I felt that I wouldn't be able to write a worthy review until I went back; so I did. I have to say that I do not know why it has taken me such a long time to go back because this place is phenomenal!I made reservations which I think is something that is required if you are having dinner.  We got there a few minutes early so we had a drink at the bar.  I liked the vibe, nice and dark, great music but I wish it were a bit larger.   I found myself bumping into people and constantly getting tapped so someone could walk by.  I ordered the key lime gimlet which the man said used to be called to key lime martini and I was so happy with my choice!   When our table was ready the host found us and said that the bar tab could be transferred to our table; I thought this was a nice touch. Our waiter was very nice, read the specials and was very patient while answering the questions that we had regarding some of  the menu options.  We decided on the Rockefeller oysters which is a broiled oyster with spinach, bread crumbs, cheese and what appeared to be bacon bits to start.  The man loved it; I thought it was a bit on the salty side however.  While seated the waiter also brought bread and crudites that were gobbled up before our meal arrived.  I ordered the 8 oz filet with brussel sprouts and potato leek soup.  My steak, I will say, was the best steak I have ever had.  As I type that I know it sounds a bit dramatic but I know in my heart that it is true.  It was perfectly cooked medium rare and very tender.  The soup was great as well.  My guest ordered the venison which he just could not stop raving about!  We tried each other dishes and argued about whose was better.  I still contend that mine was the best.  We ended our dinner with the cheesecake which, just like everything else that night, was amazing.  The waiter mentioned how all the desserts were cooked in house as well.  When the bill came it was as I thought it would be so no surprises there.  I don't know if we would be going to this place as often because it is a little on the pricier side but you definitely get your money's worth.  The Tornado Room has easily become my favorite steakhouse in the area.
<review# 464,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/18/2013,2/25/2013,19,100,3,2,2>I had some time to kill earlier this week so I decided to stop in and have a look-see and I am sure glad I did.I have always been anti-junque stores, but this place isn't a musty old antique store. This place is brightly lit and the walk ways are kept reasonably clean. I do have to agree with other reviewers when they say that the place could be better organized. I thought that, but then realized you can't just keep changing each vendors booths location to fit what they are selling. So is stands to reason why there really is not a ton of organization to the place.Some booths have nicer more organized booths with finds that are of better quality (and price). I managed to find an old picture frame that I had set out to find, and I also walked out of there with an antique silk scarf in mint condition for $6. When I walked out of the store, I wondered where the last 2 hours of my life went. I also called my mom and apologized for giving her crap for all her years of antique shopping. Thanks to Odana Antiques, I am becoming my mother after all.
<review# 465,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/13/2013,2/24/2013,34,107,,4,2>Went to Lao Laan-Xang for lunch on a quiet Saturday and had a delightful meal. My order was for one vegetarian egg roll as an appetizer, the Gang Gallie curry with chicken, and jasmine tea.The egg roll took a while to get out to me, but was hot and fresh. It was fat but not overstuffed, filled with cabbage, carrot and some other vegetables along with a good taste of seasoning. The wrap wasn't under-cooked on the on the inside like so many other egg rolls I've tried. I'm pretty sure the sweet & sour that came with was homemade, but it was so light in flavor it was unnoticeable against the bold seasoning of the egg roll itself. Kind of a shame, really.The Gang Gallie was a yellow curry and coconut milk base with chicken, green beans, potato, onion, Thai eggplant, and what I think was acorn squash -- it definately wasn't carrot as it said on the menu. They served it in the ceramic cooking vessel and the portion size was incredibly generous. A massive bowl of white rice was served alongside for ultimate carb overload effect. It may have cost $11.95 on the menu, but I was able to take home enough to make a second meal. The curry was very nice; all the vegetables were cooked just right and the flavor of the vegetables came through the spice.My jasmine tea was good. Enough said. =o)As far as spiciness goes, I had ordered the curry at spice level 4. On the menu this is described as "Native Lao" and I think that's accurate; you could eat this continuously without "overheating", so to speak. They're not trying to hurt you. It's spicy, but not crazy...if you are comfortable with spicy food, order at a 4. It's not overpowering.Service was attentive and nice. It's a small restaurant, so only one cook and one waitstaff was on duty. The food came out slowly but not unbearably so. Lao Laan-Xang was quite fairly priced and the food was good. If you haven't been, it's worth the visit.
<review# 466,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,2/23/2013,177,529,5,12,3>I think I may have just found the one.It was a late Saturday afternoon, and we were preparing for the copious amount of alcohol we were about to consume that night.Knowing that the best way to not get completely trashed was food in our bellies, my friends and I set out on a quest to find some alcohol buffer. After going through countless takeout menus online, we finally settled on Fugu. Having never heard about this place before, our expectations were pretty low.First of all, the Chinese food in Madison is crap, period (Sorry Madisonians(?), just being honest).Second, this place is located right off of State Street, which is basically drunk haven for college kids.Third, this place is called Fugu.... and they sell Chinese food. Dictionary.com defines fugu as "a puffer fish that is eaten as a Japanese delicacy, after some highly poisonous parts have been removed by an authorized chef." So ok, this place is named after a highly poisonous Japanese delicacy, but serves Chinese food... Alright then, moving on...As soon as we opened up the menu, however, I knew we were in for a special treat. My non-Asian roommate couldn't read the menu at all, which is immediately a good sign when it comes to Chinese food.As I browsed through the list of food, I saw quite a few authentic Chinese dishes that I was so used to back in Boston. We ordered the sesame pancakes, Singapore beef noodle, eggplant in garlic sauce and deep fried chicken with dry chili pepper. It took roughly ~30 minutes of wait time before the food was delivered right to our doorsteps. The fact that this place delivers AUTHENTIC Chinese food alone should merit 5-stars.While waiting for our friend to bring up the food, the aromatic scent of delicious Szechuan cuisine wafted through our house, and made our mouths water. The moment the food was set on the table, we went into it like ravenous savages, and devoured the food within minutes.It was definitely not a pretty sight, but oh was it ever so delicious... I can still taste the soft eggplants with its sweet, garlic sauce. The numbingly spicy chicken with its perfect crusty skin. The thin, dry noodles intervened with tender pieces of beef and vegetables.Everything about the meal was delicious. I thought I had fallen in love before, but it wasn't until now, that I have realized my naivety. Fugu, you're now my number 1 love in Madison.
<review# 467,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/22/2013,2/22/2013,286,123,5,13,9>So obsessed, I can't even handle it.My husband and I came for restaurant week, which was so nice because we really got to taste everything Nostrano has to offer. I knew it was going to be good when I read the menu, and all the Italian words were spelled correctly, ha.  I recommend doing the wine or beer pairings with each dish.  These people know how to pair wine.  The food was enhanced so much with the delicious bevvies.  The squash soup was so velvety and rich. Each spoonful tasted like liquid gold. Every once in a while you would come across a pumpkin seed, or bit of sage leaf that was so pleasantly surprising, it was like finding a dollar on the street, or a lost favorite pair of shoes in your closet.The snapper brodetto was the jewel in my opinion. The fish had a wonderful crust swimming in a chili/tomato broth with it's friends of mussels and clams.  Grilled bread accompanied the bowl to sop up the slightly spicy broth. It was so good, I even saw someone drink the broth when the food was gone.  Oh wait...yep, that was me.  I ended the meal with baked chocolate ganache, candied kumquats, meringue, and cinnamon gelato on toasted walnuts. The flavor profile was strong and complex, a bit more than I'm used to.  I was so excited to try something that challenged the idea of a traditional ganache by spicing it up with tangy kumquats and cinnamon gelato.  It's not something you would expect and was wonderfully refreshing.  The cocktails change all the time; and I am already planning my next visit to try some.  Until next time!
<review# 468,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/7/2012,2/21/2013,140,255,,5,2>This place has some seriously amazing Mexican food. Folks... Mexican in my book does not usually equal "five stars," so listen up.Casa del Sol has your classics (enchilada, fajita, tamale) plus some more "gourmet" style dishes that mix it up with unusual ingredients. Everything we tried was fabulously fresh and flavorful... the trifecta of "F" adjectives.We tried the "burrito tropical" with pork (mango, pineapple, and Caribbean spices integrated with more typical burrito ingredients) and the "Playa del Carmen" fish enchiladas and highly recommend both. Everything was served at just the right temperature, salt level, etc. The meat (and all the other ingredients for that matter) seemed to be good quality, which is rarer than it should be. Even the rice and beans on the side were tasty.Our server was really, really, incredibly enthusiastic. It was odd to me that someone was so excited to be at work on a Monday night, but what the heck, I'll take it.
<review# 469,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/8/2013,2/20/2013,4,9,,4,2>A true diamond in the rough. As a Madison foodie, I am always swarming the food carts on State Street during my lunch breaks but every once and a while I visit Med Cafe which is esentially like stepping inside a food cart due to it's size. A literal hole in the wall and easy to miss but oh so fab. Everything is authentic and they are quick making most of the entrees right in front of you (or behind the counter) by the friendliest staff on State Street. Seating is limited but do try to dine in if you have the time and space; the little dose of Med culture is worth it.
<review# 470,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/10/2013,2/19/2013,39,71,,3,2>Albanian food -- who knew it was so simple and delicious? I was at the Middleton Library and in search of something that was good and would not make me sorry I decided to eat out. Albanian sausages.... signs all over saying they were available by the pound..The best part is their sausages they make by hand and sell for people's tailgating parties wedding etc... At first I was going to order a Gyro but then I needed to try a hamburger made form this Albanian suage . So light and delicate lamb/beef mixture but so light and the price was very reasonable for the QUALITY of food.. That is what I was looking for quality. They changed the name and appearance from a German restaurant a few years back and the food was awesome then !  Little did I know they are the same owners who decided to go back to their Albanian roots ! Jazzed up the place as well..  comfortable contemporary very warm and cozy still. THEY MAKE THEIR OWN BAKLAVA!! Delicious coffee I had with it as well...
<review# 471,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2013,9/12/2013,140,255,,4,2>Paisan's gets 3 stars for the food, plus one more for the atmosphere and the beer list.Hearty Italian favorites, slightly on the bland side. The food is decent, nothing special but not bad either. If you feel like carbing out, get the spicy cheese bread -- just like Mom used to make it under the broiler. The texture of the pizzas is great (crust slightly crispy, toppings slightly juicy), but again, it's bland.They have about 8 local brews on tap. Can't argue with that!Gorgeous lakeside location with one swanky dining room that has a fireplace. Bar area has windows in the round. The main dining room has wood-paneled booths transferred here wholesale from the previous location -- that takes some effort. But the neon sign on the outside, on the side the faces the lake, has been broken for ages. What's up with that?
<review# 472,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/21/2013,9/11/2013,11,51,3,5,2>The dentist I had before going to Madison No Fear was like Orin Scrivello from Little Shop of Horrors, so I was just terrified when went in for my first visit. I expressed my irrational concerns to the staff and they were more than accommodating during my procedure. I had plenty of ibuprofen, novocaine, and nitrous. They also offered me a fuzzy blanket (lol) and headphones...and a television to distract me while they drilled into my teeth. Going to the dentist reduces me to a pathetic, whimpering, stressed-out...thing, but their efforts to help me get through it were above and beyond anything I expected. For my inevitable next few visits, they've offered me full sedation, which I think is fantastic. Obviously it's a bit steeper in price, but I think it's worth it--especially if you're like me and you have an irrational fear of the dentist.Oh yeah and they have cookies.
<review# 473,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2013,9/10/2013,33,65,4,7,4>Middle America takes a lot of crap from the sushi-eating, wheatgrass-farting, vegan, Prius-driving type people on the coasts. But people on the coasts don't know what good barbecue is because, well, they don't have good barbecue on the coasts. To be fair, when it comes to sushi, wheatgrass, hybrids and BBQ, Madison is more similar to the coasts than Memphis, KC, South Carolina, or Austin. That is going to change when Blair Street Brew and BBQ gets fully up and running and people try the incredible stuff this guy is smoking up in this tiny corner joint downtown. An employee carrying in a pile of hickory sticks held the door open for us. Courteous service and more importantly, an actual smoker on the premises. Good sign.We sat down at the well-stocked bar with a great selection of top-shelf booze and Wisconsin and Midwest beers, and homemade, flavored lemonades for the kids, teetotallers or the truly thirsty. Tangy, meaty wings are on the appetizer menu. We received them as part of our combo platter because they hadn't gotten the chicken in yet. They had just opened for business in the preceding day or two. The "Badger Feast" claims it's enough to feed a lineman. My son and I shared it. The two of us weigh about 220 pounds combined. We took 1/3 of it home. Claim verified. The feast included: - rib tips, with a 1/4" smoke ring as pink as the cute, pig-shaped VW Bug delivery car parked out front. They tasted like heaven. Perfectly smoky, without one dry spot on the large portion.- bacon, smoky and peppery. I had one bite. My daughter ate the rest. - ham, smoky and juicy if on the salty side, but that's ham, right? - brisket, tender and lean. It's a work in progress on the smoke flavoring. The owner said he's still perfecting it. Based on the rest of the feast, he'll perfect it very soon. - the pulled pork offers a perfect balance of seasoning, smokiness and tenderness. Easy to eat. No gristle or blubber. - my wife loved the chicken salad. You can read her review. This outstanding new entry to Madison's casual dining scene is in an unfortunate location that's been a graveyard for restaurants, but there's a key difference: the previous places, respectively, served mediocre pizza and overpriced sandwiches; this place is amazing. If my wallet and arteries could take it, I'd keep them in business myself. Can't wait to try the BBQ chicken.
<review# 474,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,9/9/2013,60,85,2,7,4>Went here for brunch on Saturday morning around 11am. We sat at the bar-like seating at the window, and had pretty excellent service. The MAJOR highlight for me was the DIY Stoli Bloody Mary bar. Here's the low-down: -$8, which sounds pricey, but...-You can choose between plain and jalapeno vodka, and then you go up to the bar and create your own! -There are two mixes: plain tomato/veggie juice and doctored-up garlicky tastiness. ---There's also plenty of Worcester, Siracha, Tobasco, etc. sauces (plus horseradish, a pepper mill, etc. etc.) in case it's not EXACTLY as you want it. -Then come the garnishes, which could make an entire meal in and of themselves. To give you an idea of the selection, here's what i can remember: bacon, cheese-stuff olives, pimento-stuffed olives, pickles, asparagus, two kinds of cheese, pepperoni, a meat stick, cucumber, sweet red pepper...um, yeah. It's intense. The other highlight of our meal were the doughnut balls. Oh. My. Science. These were incredible. Served hot, covered in powdered sugar, and with a side of raspberry-yogurt dipping sauce...and only $5 for 8 of these, which are basically about two bites each. The reason for 4 stars and not 5? I got a breakfast sandwich with a portabella mushroom, fried egg, and I believe some kind of sauce...and it's was just kinda meh. Not terrible, but I was expecting it to pack a lot more flavor. The side of potatoes was a lot more exciting.
<review# 475,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/14/2013,9/8/2013,128,219,,7,5>Med cafe is good every day. Every meal.  EVERYTHING I've eaten here has been spot-on and delicious.  Also awesome for groups who are lookign for a restaurant that offers vegetarian&meat dishes.   They could serve this food in a different restaurant and charge twice as much and people would totally go for it.Akin's plate: Get your schwarma put over rice , salad, and a bit of pita bread. Nom.Hummus plate:  Yes, there's freshly made hummus topped with smoked paprika. But you can also get schwarma with your hummus&salad!Rotating specials: Chicken with apricot sauce is excellent.Staff is always ready to help customers with a smile, and don't forget to get a piece of baklava on the way out!
<review# 476,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2013,9/7/2013,265,357,,8,5>Brought my bike in to get the chain and brakes oiled and the guy who helped me out also fixed my gears, tightened my handle bars, and didn't charge me a thing!  I waited for about 15 minutes and while he was doing what he does I was walking around looking at all of the bikes and different gear being sold.  From $500 to over $3,000 Machinery Row has just about any type or stripe of bike you desire.  They sell mostly Trek, which is my favorite brand, and have an area where you can place the bike you want in front of a mirror and ride in place while an employee watches so they can adjust the seat and handlebars to fit you perfectly.  They also sell shoes, clothing, helmets, and some really nice backpacks made specifically for riding.  Madison is an insanely welcoming city for bicyclists and has an ungodly number of trails and routes throughout the city.  Machinery Row is in that perfect location on Monona Lake right on the bike path, all you have to do is coast on in.  Did I mention I was given a mini tune-up for free?!
<review# 477,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,9/6/2013,132,340,4,4,3>Ok - so I have lived in Madison a year and the Old Fashioned has been on my list of places to try.  Then it happens twice in one weekend!Thank goodness they live up to their name.  Any kind of old fashioned drink done anyway with any kind of booze.  They also have Brandy slush.  This drink is amazing.  My only complaint?  The large is only the size of a pint and $7.50.  Really?  There are other nearly all booze drinks for 2-3 dollars less.  They are famous for their mac and cheese, sadly I did not order it.  I was at a Bachelorette party and felt grease was better to start my night.  I ordered their Wisconsin Burger.  Yes.  It was awesome.  What do they put in it?  It was cooked well but still juicy and flavorful.  The burger is large.  I like the option that you can have fries or a green salad without any additional charge.  One of my dinnermates ordered the mac and cheese.  I was constantly starting at it.  I had no self control.  I was being an eye voyeur on everyone else's plate.Ok - I intend to go back.  I am trying to find an excuse...give me a reason Yelp!The prices and the wait are the only thing holding you back from 5 stars.  Add reservations please!  I was in a party of 11 and we still had to wait.
<review# 478,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/27/2013,9/5/2013,4,12,,2,2>I love Novanta! The pizza is great. They have multiple vegetarian options, and you can also build your own. I always seem to order the Toscano - it is so tasty!  I've dined in and also gotten take out multiple times. Service is super fast at dinnertime.  I haven't stopped for lunch yet, so I can't vouch for how quickly you can get in and out during a busy work-week lunch hour. Novanta is a great addition to the dining options on Old Sauk!
<review# 479,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/19/2013,9/4/2013,57,98,2,7,5>I don't eat bagels very often, yet every now and then I want nothing other than Bagels Forever.Sure, you can buy the bagels frozen from a local grocery store, but the best part about this place is the made-to-order bagel sandwiches. They are fresh and cheap, and come wrapped with a pickle. Try the veggie sandwich on an everything bagel. There are a variety of deli meat options too. The pizza bagel with mini pepperoni comes with the cheese melted on top - so don't expect to eat it like a sandwich. This annoyed me for some reason, but clearly it wasn't enough to keep me from coming back for it again...and again...it's been my go-to order for the past several months. Try it on the sun-dried tomato and basil bagel. Also, Bagels Forever has the best boxed coffee in town. Be an office hero and get some for your coworkers. Or, a small coffee for yourself is just $0.85.
<review# 480,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,9/3/2013,122,125,,6,5>I've been here twice now, and I'd say it's a solid 4 stars. I definitely would not eat there, and I've made it a point to call ahead to order before going. So far that's worked pretty well, I had no wait the first time and a 20min wait the second time. I highly recommend ordering before 6pm to avoid the dinner rush if possible.Now onto the food! I was blown away by the quality and amount of food you get here! I honestly did not expect to find Thai food this good anywhere in Madison. The food is really well flavored and the veggies and meat are fresh. I loved the green curry and the spring rolls. The pad see ew was good as well, a little heavy on the mustard green but still tasty. Best of all, none of the food is all that greasy, and the curries come with rice included!Definitely check this place out, just don't plan to eat there!
<review# 481,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2013,1/1/2014,204,159,9,4,4>I want to have a long, long, (Long) happy marriage with the squash curry. I left my heart at Ha Long Bay.
<review# 482,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,12/31/2013,57,15,3,4,4>The Malthouse is just like an English pub,Apart from the lack of our infamous grub,There's hundreds of great beers on tap,Perfect recommendations from the bar chap,And an ambiance that makes you feel part of the club.
<review# 483,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/3/2013,12/30/2013,19,18,4,14,5>Fantastic cocktails, tasty food, and a promising menu. A friend and I stopped in the first night Heritage was open to the public. The staff were eager and ready to serve, coming off last week's soft open.  My only complaint is that I'll have to return for a late night visit in order to try the poutine.That day's Malort Thing incorporated lemonade and orange juice. It was a surprisingly refreshing summer cocktail. We tried the deviled eggs, which were delicious. The beet eggs were wonderfully briny, the charcuterie savory, but the porchetta egg was amazing. The half egg was lightly breaded and fried before being topped. The tempura appetizer was incredible.  The breading was light and delicious.  I was especially fond of the string beans that were still squeaky fresh, but the bacon-wrapped cheese curds were a close second.  The nori-wrapped shrimp didn't excite me, but my companion thought them fantastic.The kitchen is quite open. Sitting at the end of the bar, one can see down the length of the bar and into the kitchen. It's easy to see how busy the staff is, and glimpse the work they put into each dish.
<review# 484,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/16/2013,12/29/2013,245,310,4,9,7>We were here for lunch on a Thursday, right when they opened at 11 - first customers! (We were literally standing outside the door waiting for them to open shop :)I went with the Korean Rice Bowl, which consisted of a glazed pork belly, kimchee (fermented Korean-style vegetables), mini cool cucumbers, and peanuts. It tasted decent. I think that I may have liked how it looked, more than how it tasted. The kimchee was a little too pickley/salty-tasting for my liking.We also ordered their famous Pub Burger that's served on a house-made english muffin with bacon and cheddar cheese. That was definitely yummy.The farmer john's sandwich of ham and provolone cheese with sliced apple, spinach, and basil pesto mayo on sliced baguette was pretty good, as was the soup that came alongside (can't remember what it was...it was the special of the day).The overall atmosphere of the place was great. Very clean, updated, and cheery with the natural light from State Street shinning in. Their hot tea selection is plentiful and the Rishi brand that they sell is quality.  Our waiter was very accommodating and considerate as well.I hope to try out their offerings for brunch sometime soon as I hear that's pretty good!
<review# 485,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/15/2013,12/28/2013,60,85,,2,3>I'm a big fan of the aesthetic of this place: surprisingly large windows overlooking a tree-filled back yard, hardwood floors, white-tiled wall behind the bar, menus that look as though they were typed on a typewriter. I dig. The service was also excellent: friendly, prompt, polite. The servers are a cool and attractive bunch as well. The pizza? OK, unfortunately, here's where I was a bit disappointed. Now, it's not bad. The ingredients ensure that the pizza will not be terrible (smoked mozzarella, pesto, pork confit...), but something about the crust was just not quite right. When having thin-crust pizza, texture is way important...and the crust was a little more cracker-like than I was expecting. So wah. But give it a try. It's a cool date spot regardless.
<review# 486,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/29/2013,12/27/2013,63,48,1,5,4>Barriques on Monroe has always been one of my favorite "office work" spots. As a person who works from home, the free parking (next street over!), outlets galore, great wifi connection, tasty coffee and Mediterranean Plate keep me coming in! But now--- with the new space, so clean and bright, I'm completely in love! Everything I've ever enjoyed about Barriques but with a face lift! There is now a nice bar area to enjoy a beer or glass of wine and I feel like the tables are less cramped.
<review# 487,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2013,12/26/2013,15,41,2,8,6>I'm so glad I decided to spend a morning visiting this county park. I think it will quickly become my favorite for hiking. Indian Lake is just north west of town in between Waunakee and Mazomanie. For you West Siders, it's crazy easy to get to. Just take the beltline like you are heading to Sauk City and turn left on HY 19 heading towards Mazo. It'll be down a bit and on your left. The main park has a nice little parking lot with bathroom and benches for look out points. Indian Lake is a decent sized lake that is currently undergoing restoration work to bring it back to it's more natural state (aka get rid of all the carp in it). Indian Lake Park has two parts. The main part is for hiking in the summer and cross country skiing in the winter. The other park is a large off leash dog area. The entrance to the dog park area is just past the lake where as the main park entrance is before them. The paths connect to each other, but dogs are only allowed on the west side and the area is clearly marked. No taking dogs into the deeper parts of the park even if they are on leash. There is a cabin in the deeper part of the park, but I'm not sure about it's uses or if it is available for rentals. There are several different types of hiking paths. Along the lake there are many easy slightly rolling grass paths to walk on. The lake itself can be a bit smelly in the late summer in that way that lakes in WI get smelly near the of summer. I'm not a cross country skier, but it seems like these paths would be great for beginners to the sport. Heading deeper into the park there are four numbered paths. The paths start off on the grassy paths, but soon climb uphill into the forested areas. The climbs up are rocky, but not obnoxiously so. There are some steep long climbs though that reminded me that I need to up my cardio and add stair climbing back into my workout routine. The paths are clearly marked for skiers including warnings about steep declines, sharp turns, and for walkers to stay to the side during ski season. I was able to hike around for 2 hours at a decent clip with barely retreading any areas. It's a big park. And one of my favorite parts is that along the paths there are random posts with poems on them. Topping a big climb and stopping to read a poem about nature really made me day there. I kinda wish all parks did this as it made a nice hike that much better. I think this may be a park I have to visit on a more regular basis. Like weekly. It's going to be beautiful come fall.
<review# 488,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,12/25/2013,8,12,,6,4>UPDATE: Mallory has moved to Elevation in downtown Madison on Butler Street, so I will be switching to that salon. I started coming to Mallory after stylist hopping for 10 years in Madison. My hair was "complicated" after another stylist ruined it with bleach 18 months ago, but Mallory has it looking healthy, stylish, and beautiful again. I've never gotten more compliments on it. I had another fantastic color and cut with her on Friday - she's flexible, listens to what I want to do with my hair (I told her my length goal and she smiled and promised "We will get there, don't worry") and gives the best scalp massage I've ever had. She also NEVER insults your hair - I've had stylists do this and it ruins an experience that should be relaxing and enhancing self self esteem. I would highly recommend asking for her when you book - you'll be very glad that you did.
<review# 489,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/15/2013,12/24/2013,4,15,3,6,2>The best martini list I have ever seen--the menu is thicker than the Monday New York Times. Martinis range from sweet to tart and spicy with a lot of great variation. The portions are extremely generous. After 1 I was in probably one of the best moods I've ever been in. A friend described the martinis as "betch bomb good". I'm not sure what that means but I agree. Atmosphere is relatively quiet and laid back. There is enough room for a party or a small group of friends. And on the plus side, it's easy to reach and on a bunch of bus lines (safe driving!). I love this place
<review# 490,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/10/2013,12/23/2013,209,840,12,12,5>I live within a block or three of this place, so let's just say I've been back to visit a few times in the past year or so. Highlights:+ Service is fantastic - from cashier/baristas/chefs - they are all friendly and helpful+ Ordering process is always quick and painless+ They take plastic (yay!!!!!)+ Decent selection of newspapers/magazines to browse while you wait+ Tables and floors are always clean+ Prices are totally fair - around $9-$10 for breakfast with coffee+ Coffee remains excellent+ Awesome selection (albeit small) of hot sauces; all are tasty+ My new love: biscuits and gravy with an egg on top. OMG. It's gluttonous and huge, but if that's wrong, then I never want to be right. Three of their infamous biscuits, drowned in the most tasty sawmill/sausage gravy you'll have this side of the Mason-Dixon line, and a perfectly cooked free range egg on top? I'm going to need a minute.(returns with hair frazzled and dishsheveled)+ The breakfast sammies are almost as good as the aforementioned biscuits and gravy+ The pastries are unreal. I'm going to need another minute, please.(limps back to review; eyes aglaze and dopey)Go. Just go. Don't worry if the parking lot looks full - you'll be ok. Go. Now. (anyone have a cigarette?)(and I don't smoke)
<review# 491,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/4/2014,4/23/2014,49,113,3,4,4>This is a gem in Madison. The food is always delicious and the service quick and friendly.A special shout-out to lunch here! They have a full menu but you can get a half sandwich and a cup of soup for $7. This is homemade gourmet "Belgian" food. I had the smoked turkey with bacon, avocado and red-onion on sourdough sandwich; there was a great spicy mayo in there too. Plus a cup of the spicy Crawfish soup. YUUUM. Happy girl on a cold winter day. Or was it the glass of Pinot Grigio that made me happy?I have also tried the BLT and the smoked salmon sandwich too. All fantastic.If you have not tried their V (vee) burger- you must. as well as the moules/mussels (flown in every day).You may have noticed, I resisted the frites (just watching the winter waistline)-- but YOU should get them. They are PERFECT.As other reviews note- it can get very busy at dinner time- so plan accordingly.
<review# 492,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/24/2014,4/20/2014,40,91,,7,5>I'm a big fan of having breakfast here, so this is a breakfast review.I enjoy the steak and eggs/ hash brown breakfast. Each time I've ordered this, the steak it a great breakfast sized sirloin perfectly cooked. Nothing is every very fancy or trendy at the cottage café, it is just straight up down home traditional breakfast cooking. Coffee, Eggs, biscuits, hash, sausage, bacon, pancakes, toast. The essentials. Who needs anything else when your hungry and want someone else to cook for you on a Sunday morning, right?Plenty of seating, but a word of warning.....I'm not the only person who loves this café. It fills up very quickly on the weekends and you may be waiting for a seat. Service is very good every time. Bottomless Coffee just keeps on coming! I love that. The pricing is the best part! Nothing like getting a great plate of food for a more than willing to pay price. I believe my go to Steak/eggs/hash browns/toast is around $7.99. Ya! Amazing right!Between my wife and me, I have not seen our breakfast bill over $17 bucks yet...including each ordering coffee. So Like I said....Nothing fancy, just great traditional breakfast food at great prices.
<review# 493,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/7/2014,4/19/2014,37,102,3,5,5>Michaelangelo's....there's something about you. First, it's your location, it's just right off the overture center.  Pretty near from my apartment. If I need some quick fix of caffeine, it's you or Fair Trade. Good location. Next, it's your coffee. I always like your mocha. I am a no expert of coffee, but I like your Mocha. Always. On top of that, you have a variety of sandwiches (which are very similar to Fair trade, your twin? your sister?), pastries and cookies. I tried some of them and particularly like your chocolate au pain- good companion for my mocha. Next time, I'll come and stay longer to devour other stuff of yours. BTW, I know you're being cautious, but locking the restroom is a little bit too much. It's inconvenient to always ask the key from the staff whenever we need to use the latrine. Students staying for hours at your coffee shop may need to use it more than once. It is a little embarrassing to keep asking for the key as needed. Will it be better to unlock it? I know other cafes don't do that and it's my first time having this experience in Madison. I've experienced other cities, but not Madison.Just my two cents. I still like you.
<review# 494,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2014,4/18/2014,95,202,,7,5>I'm so grateful that Ashley recommended us to visit Eldorado Grill for restaurant week! We managed to get seats within 20 minutes of calling. They set us down promptly and we quickly got settled with drinks and snacks to start! I love our starter - this gigantic bowl of guacamole and chips. The chips came out hot, so either they made their chips (hurray!) or they heated it up at least. The guacamole tasted delicious and we could stop getting more. Took 2 baskets of chips to finish the guacamole among 4 people (Thanks Ashley!).There was a myriad of drinks and if you're a fan of Tequila, you're in for a treat here! Onotse got Mojitos (2 actually, since it was that good), Ashley got a honey ginger alcoholic mix and Matt got a smokey tequila cocktail. Everyone enjoyed their drinks! So, restaurant week - for serving so many people of the same dish, I'm impressed. The Green Chile Pork stew was PERFECTLY done. soft pork that tears apart with the fork, the green chile was aptly spiced, not too hot but keeps you warm. LOVE IT. Onotse got a GIGANTIC salad for only $1.29. and it comes with lots of spinach, walnuts and some other things. Ashley got the jalapeno poppers, which looked just like bacon wrapped dates but instead of dates, there's jalapeno. She said she would get it again, but you should share it with some other person.Main dish, most of us got the smoked brisket. It was alright for me, not over the top, but the dish was a hearty meal. Lots of beans, lots of salad (no dressing), nice potato salad, lovely corn pancake (in place of corn bread). And the brisket was served on a piece of bread. Lots of meat to keep you full. But I was expecting more like braised beef, instead of spam-like texture? Definitely not something I would pick up again..Finally, for dessert, I got the pecan chile pie. I didn't like the crust since I'm a cookie/graham cracker crust fan.. Also, there was no obvious chile spice in the pie.. tasted more like pecan chocolate pie. It was alright. Matt got the mole root beer (mole ice cream), but sadly it had peanuts so the rest of us got to try it. It was REALLY spicy. Don't think anyone can finish that lump of spicy ice cream. spicy and cold at the same time, what an experience!!There's covered outdoor seating in the summer as well!
<review# 495,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/5/2014,4/17/2014,58,45,,7,5>I always get the squash curry because I love squash and it's not easy to find at restaurants. This has consistently been my favorite Asian restaurant in Madison all the years we have lived here.We hosted a Thai exchange student a few years ago and took her to all the Thai, Laotian and any other southeast Asian restaurants that were in Madison during the 10 months she was here. This was by far her favorite restaurant as well. She really missed the traditional spicy salad she would eat in Thailand and really liked their version of this dish.Their crab rangoon is THE BEST you will eat anywhere. Hands down. Yes, I know that rangs did not originate in Asia (I've heard they were originally introduced at the St. Louis World's Fair), but I love Lao's version of them.
<review# 496,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,4/16/2014,21,37,,8,6>It took us many years before we encountered this little gem in Atwood neighborhood. I have little knowledge about Jewish deli so it took us a while to figure what to order. I really appreciate that the staff explained the menu to us with great patience. They make bread, corned beef, pastrami and sausages themselves and provide the meat to other restaurant in town. You can also purchase bread or meat to go. We had "Brooklyn Breakfast" (beef pastrami sandwich) and a Challah French Toast. Very delicious. Quite a refreshing taste from other more regular brunch places. The portion is a bit small, though. People in our group had Stalzy's bloody Mary. Pretty fancy. Apparently they are quite good that a friend of us ordered a second one. I hope to return sometime in the future to try out Saltzy's non-brunch food. Note: Cash only. Seat yourself before your order.
<review# 497,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/6/2014,4/15/2014,0,6,,5,3>Good burgers, great drinks. I've been here numerous times and never leave disappointed. On our last visit I had the backyard bbq burger with a fried egg added, my fiancée had the farmhouse burger...both were very good. The burgers are all priced at $8, sides are extra. We usually go with an order of the Parmesan & truffle fries...they are the bomb!  Their crafted cocktails are always perfect. Drink prices are reasonable for downtown, $5 to 8. Their tap list is about 8 beers but is filled with local brews. The downfall of dlux is that it's always busy. The place isn't the biggest either so plan on waiting for a table or even a spot at the bar. No over the phone reservations either, just plan on having a drink or two before your meal.
<review# 498,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/20/2014,4/14/2014,14,122,,5,3>I would move closer to this place if it was an option. I have enjoyed, more than I can say, everything I've eaten here. I had friends in town so ended up going there two mornings in a row. Saturday I had the Veggie Benedict (instead of the meat layer, it's a mix of tomatoes, mushrooms, onions, and peppers). I love a good Eggs Benedict and always try the different versions, but this is the best ever. Sunday I went back to my old friend, the greek omelette, and it was as good as ever. We sat in a booth on Saturday and then at the counter on Sunday. The coffee was hot and constantly being topped-up.
<review# 499,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/17/2014,4/13/2014,177,529,,12,5>I went to Star Bar on Tuesday, during their "soft" opening, and then again Thursday, during their grand opening. As a bar, the potential is definitely there. It's got a great list of beers on tap (various stouts, IPAs, etc...), a decent selection of cocktails (they mostly tend towards the sugary and sweet side), friendly, gregarious bartenders and a very modern atmosphere.It also helps that it's in my building, so I can literally roll out of bed (after a late-afternoon nap obviously), step out in my PJs and get some brewskis. My only issue with this place is that it needs to find its identity. Who is your clientele? Obviously folks at the Constellation, but which crowd? I dig the high end, fancy drinks. But if you were going for a more loungey theme, include more wrap around couches and seating in general.It was absolutely crowded the two days I went, and most people had to cram into the middle. More chairs would have been awesome.Also, I dig the dim lighting, but the two TVs really distract from the overall atmosphere. The atmosphere doesn't really lend itself as a sports bar, so having sports game on (while good in most scenarios) will only detract from the conversation people are looking to have.Other than those small issues, I can safely say that a new star has been born on the east side of Madison!
<review# 500,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/7/2014,4/12/2014,4,9,1,6,4>I'm a CYCO. I can't stop and I won't stop, this place kicks my ass and I smile through the entire workout. I could go bang my head against a wall during a spin class at a gym like The Princeton Club or mindlessly stare at a wall running on a treadmill at Planet Fitness, but I'd rather endure the energy of CYC for any price. The instructors are as good as it gets- classes with Jenny, Steph, Rachel, or Daniel are highly recommended and if you are fortunate to book a class with Keoni, the mind behind the method, don't miss it. I don't personally know the instructors beyond the class or their Twitter and Instagram accounts but they feel like my family at times. They are incredibly encouraging and very passionate about their jobs making new comers feel extremely welcome to their "tribe". Before each ride, I am always anticipating the playlists the cycologist's put together as they often reflect each instructor. I love that they give you clip in shoes for in the past I've had to wear my own tennis shoes in straps on a junk bike and they have clean facilities and lockers; they've really covered all bases. I hope to see them expand beyond WI, TX, and NY someday. If you're on the fence about trying it out, GO. You're going to be sore the next day but you're going to have a blast and sweat like a pig but then be addicted to the infectious spirit of the workout. RESERVE YOUR BIKE NOW AND CATCH THAT BEAT!
<review# 501,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2013,10/23/2013,57,15,6,4,5>I'm lucky Erin's pub is right by my job,With drinks worthy of any beer-snob,The snugness comes from the warm fire,With a Celtic theme to admire,And good food to shove down my gob!
<review# 502,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/8/2013,10/22/2013,65,61,,4,4>Always one of my two favorite places for brunch in Madison! I have never been a huge fan of their dinner menu, but to be fair, I have not given it much of a chance--I'd estimate I've been for brunch 30+ times but only three times for dinner.Killer Bloody Marias are the order of the day--Pepper infused Tequila mixed with the house-made bloody mix are amazing. As for the brunch menu--no misses. Breakfast burrito, Roasted Chicken Burrito (incomparable), and the Eldorao Eggs are all favorites. My wife loves the Yippy Hash if you're feeling veggie.Got a group? Split a giant blue corn pancake and make sure to get the chile syrup to top it off.Have another bloody maria (my wife prefers a Smoking Gun) and ease your way into an afternoon nap with a full belly and pleasant buzz...
<review# 503,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/8/2013,10/21/2013,34,34,,10,4>New restaurant here!  I came here for lunch with a few colleagues.  Check out the attached photos.  They serve Peruvian food with some traditional american items on the menu.  (There was a regular burger on the menu).Overall things were pretty good.  Great service, clean restaurant, and a nice feel.  The empanadas are really great.  Extra flaky.  I would suggest the cheese or chicken.I had the steak sandwich.  I think it was called the Pan con Lomo.  It was pretty good, but could've used a bit more meat on it.  Fries were so-so.   Overall, I'd go back for sure.  There are plenty of other items that looked great!
<review# 504,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2013,10/20/2013,49,73,2,10,3>I ended up here today completely by accident. I was on the way to The Alchemy for a quick lunch when we noticed the sign. After scrambling to figure out if it was open (thank you, Facebook), we decided to head back. We live in the Atwood area and had NO idea this place was coming, let alone already open! I drive or bike by here almost every day and hadn't even noticed the building was being developed into something new. Anyway, I am really excited about a brew pub within walking/biking range of my house, especially since it seems like it is going to be a good one.My first impression was that it felt very comfortable. There was a lot of space in the dining room when we walked in and I really liked the more "pub" like feel of this as opposed to some other spots that are doing a very industrial warehouse look. I love that their televisions are enclosed in cabinets with a pulley system to hide them away. From what their website says, they will only have them on during special events and things like that which is nice. The last thing Madison needs is another sports bar. The bar area felt nice, too, though we didn't sit over there.The menu was pretty interesting. Standard appetizer fare such as cheese curds and fries joined some funky items such as a gourmet corn dog, locally sourced veggie and meat skewers, and sauerkraut sausage balls. We opted for the cheese curds because even if you get bad fried cheese curds, you are still eating a pile of delicious cheese. Verdict? Above average. I felt like they had great flavor but a bit too much breading and my dining partner thought they were good and that the dipping sauce was great. For our main courses we went for the Yahara Burger and the Salmon Sandwich. The burger was great - juicy, flavorful, and very fresh tasting. The challah bun from Staltzy's Deli was a great choice. The included fries were OUTSTANDING. They say on the menu that they are hand cut. I assume that means they hand cut them in the shop, and if so that is damn impressive. Fresh fries seem to always be kind of soggy and chewy, but these were crisp and cooked perfectly. I was told the Salmon was good as well and she also really liked the fries. Now, onto the important stuff! Beer. We both enjoyed our drinks. I ordered the Les, a tasty and mild ale. Very drinkable. She ordered the Wilbur!, a delicious cream ale. It reminded me of a more flavorful Spotted Cow. We were both very happy with our drinks. I really hope that they avoid the trend of every beer being super hoppy, and from our first visit it seems like they just might. Overall I am super pumped about this place and I think they have a real shot of doing well. A menu loaded with just enough standards to keep people comfortable, but some fun twists to get others excited. A nice atmosphere. Good beer. Great location. Yep, it's a keeper.
<review# 505,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,10/19/2013,63,48,2,8,5>Fabulous! What a gorgeous space! I held my breath for the "first week"-ness, but everything was fantastic. I could tell there was some calibrating going on, but so far the food is delicious and the staff is warm and professional. It's definitely not just a "pizza joint"--- NOT like Roman Candle or Glass Nickle. More of a sit-down and enjoy dinner spot. The bar is small. The space is classy, with some throwbacks to the gun shop. It's a great alternative to Pig in a Fur Coat -- and it's open super late! Welcome to the neighborhood, you guys!
<review# 506,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,10/18/2013,15,41,4,9,4>EXTERMINATE!  EXTERMINATE!  EXTERMINATE!When I'm at Rossi's, that's what you'll hear as I'm throwing quarters down the Dr. Who pinball machine. I love those little Daleks up top announcing what an awesome game I'm having.Rossi's has pretty decent thin crust pizza, tater tots just like from elementary school that you order by the pound, and pop in cans. The most fun part of a visit there is the vintage arcade. The main dining area has a few really old games, an air hockey table, and lots of movie posters and memorabilia on the walls. Then off to the side through a little hallway is the black light filled arcade. All games are only a quarter. There is a change machine if you haven't been hoarding quarters in anticipation of a visit here. The first room has loads of old stand up games. Classics like Joust (for your Ready Player One role playing), original Mario Brothers (the one where you have to jump under the bricks to knock off turtles), Dig Dug, Pac Man, Indiana Jones, and more. The second room had a few more stand up games and four pinball machines. The pinball is 50cents, but put in $1.50 and you'll get extra games. Pinball includes the aforementioned Dr. Who, along with Tales From The Crypt, and two others that I can't recall. This room also has Street Fighter, which I am horrible at, and Tekken which will suck the quarters right out of your pocket. In the summers the arcade rooms can get a bit warm will all the machines producing heat and being crowded with people on weekend nights. I'm sure it will feel toasty and comforting in there come wintertime.When you are finished playing or if your wrists just need a break, they also serve Chocolate Shoppe Ice Cream.I really think this is one of the hidden gems in Madison, well I guess technically Monona. It's a great activity to do with friends when the weather is crappy outside. Don't let the construction on Monona Dr scare you off. Go and have fun. But if I show up, back away from the Dr. Who pinball because that baby is mine.
<review# 507,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/9/2013,10/17/2013,245,310,7,14,9>Venture a few beats off Capitol Square and you'll encounter Heritage Tavern--a rustic yet classy gastropub known for its daring flavor combinations and its bold assemblage of locally-sourced ingredients. With an atmosphere that so radiantly captures both rusticism and class, Heritage not only fits itself into a category of its own in terms of its cuisine but it also does so with respect to its marked level of aesthetic refinement that comes to characterize the space. Yet, unbeknownst to many is the fact that Heritage Tavern opened its doors to the city of Madison but a month ago in early September. Given how flourishing and decidedly distinguished the new restaurant has become, Heritage Tavern's true state of infancy is quite impossible to discern.Decorously furnished, Heritage flaunts booths adorned with untried leather, alongside tables of an amalgam of woods, all atop minimalistic deco tiles that contribute a veritable sense of 1920s nostalgia to the otherwise modern trends of the establishment. Yet, in terms of atmosphere, Heritage in large part allows the buoyancy of its patrons and the culinary mastery of its dishes speak for themselves. Glancing from table to table, it is rather easy to note the enthusiasm with which dishes are being savored and the vivacity with which boisterous laughter is being spread. Both sensations are doubtlessly contagious, seeing as all inhabitants bear genuine grins of ease, signifying the level of comfort that such delineated surroundings incite. In some ways allowing for such a heightened measure of relaxation in dining here is the fact that Heritage is rather dimly lit. Individual spotlights of sorts gleam down upon the restaurant's wooden tables, illuminating the contents of each as if to highlight and microspocially expose the depths of flavor concealed behind the façade of each dish. Regardless of the consequential exposition, the menu items at Heritage are so lavishingly bounding with flavor that catching sight of the entrée is by no means a requirement to the satisfactory enjoyment of the meal. Tastebuds will be busy at work, decoding the exemplary flavor profiles of ingredients both  foreign and familiar. Notably melding these two classes was the wagyu beef & crispy shrimp dish that we sampled. The beef was deliciously prepared with a charentais melon glaze, and the tempura-style shrimp was ever so succulent and perfectly tender. The roast chicken & truffled spinach tortellini that I had ordered was similarly phenomenal. I welcomed the fact that the horseradish cream sauce of the dish was more reminiscient of an alfredo, and the chicken was incredibly like butter as far as texture and nowhere near being dry. The tortellini component of the entrée and the gaufrette potatoes both added to the overall heartiness of the meal and were beautifully paired with pancetta, wilted spinach, and cardoon, making for a satiating entrée that's not slack on flavor. Despite the wild flavor variations within and between each dish, each meal at Heritage encapsulates the overall farm-to-table theme of the menu that is very much so Madison's inherent specialty in terms of its culinary scene. Similar to nearby eateries, Heritage Tavern reaps the benefits of its sorrounding local farming communities and their inevitable plethora of sustainable produce and ingredients. While the concept may not be incalcuably original, I'm not complaining.
<review# 508,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,10/16/2013,7,23,,2,1>Our 40 person rehearsal dinner at Bonfyre was wonderful!  The staff was helpful, organized and positive from the minute we started planning with Jonny & Jamie.  The wait staff was professional and delivered drink orders throughout the night, meaning that our guests could mingle and never had to wait in line at the bar.There was no need to fuss over details like centerpieces or name cards - this was included in the contracted price and was executed flawlessly.  The private dining room set the mood for our event - long wooden tables, low lighting and our slideshow playing on a large mounted flat screen in the background.Then there was the food!  We worked with Jonny & Jamie on a custom menu and communicated our guests' choices the week of our event.   Appetizers, main courses and desserts were all very tasty and the large portions ensured that no one left hungry.Great value for the price, abundant parking, business casual atmosphere, highly recommended!
<review# 509,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/3/2013,10/15/2013,14,122,,5,2>My next-door neighbor, who is 84 and has lived in Sun Prairie all her life, recommended this place for breakfast. It has some very kitschy decor (basic small-town breakfast restaurant style) with lots of gingham and wooden chickens, but I didn't care. Nothing on the menu looked very exciting, and it seemed like everything cost a dollar or two more than I would have expected. But the waitress was extremely nice, the coffee was good, and the food (I got the mushroom and cheese omelet) was great. My omelet had three (3!) kinds of cheese and lots of nice 'shrooms inside. It was terrific and also came with hash browns and my choice of toast/pancakes/muffin. I got the rye toast, as always.  We got there around 8:30am (on a weekday) and almost had the place to ourselves but more people kept trickling in as we ate.
<review# 510,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2013,10/14/2013,16,59,,5,4>I love visiting Community Pharmacy. They have a great selection of natural products and super friendly staff who are always willing to help you find the right product.They also offer a good assortment of healthy snacks and natural beverages.Make sure to visit on Thrifty Thursdays for a discount!
<review# 511,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2013,2/18/2013,19,133,,4,5>This place never fails to satisfy. After a week of cheap, bitter coffee in the communal lounge, this place is a sanctuary. The last few times I've been here I've gotten the caramel mocha, peppermint latte, and the cardamom latte. All were quite tasty and had a good amount of the special ingredient's flavor. I've had the waffles here, too, and they are pretty good, considering that it's a coffee shop. Nice and fluffy and sweet.A random thing I really like about this place, though, is that they serve your drinks in real mugs if don't order to go. Something about drinking from a non-disposable cup just makes the drink that much more satisfying. Also the time I got the caramel mocha I got this cool leaf shape in my foam. Sweet!Great drinks, tasty waffles, friendly staff, and relaxing atmosphere. What else could you ask for in a coffee shop?
<review# 512,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,2/17/2013,60,85,1,3,3>What a weird place! Love all the tigers all over (wonder how many there are in there??); they even serve Tiger beer. Jukebox plays records, with 200 songs to choose from (lots of Elvis, some Tina Turner, The Animals...you get the idea). Bartender was both hilarious and attentive. The location is kind weird, being right off the beltline in a strip mall, but to me that just adds to the appeal. I've been reading about the "no cursing" policy, but I never saw any evidence of it when I was there...maybe I'm just that unobservant, but I didn't see any signs, and the bartender didn't seem to mind the occasional profanity coming from my group of friends. The reason for 4 stars and not 5 was that I was hoping the bathroom would be kitschy-cool...and it was a completely normal, brightly-lit, undecorated bathroom. Disappointment.
<review# 513,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/11/2013,2/16/2013,11,51,,3,1>I went here with a friend during Restaurant Week. We ate lunch in the stable and not the main house (or whatever they call it). I think the main house is for dinner only, but I could be making that up. We shared the burger and the fried fish. I was absolutely blown away. After basking in the golden glow of this exquisite beer-battered fish soaked in malt vinegar (because how else would you do it?!), I had some of the burger. Any burger with barbecue sauce and onion rings on it is sure to be good, but this one was phenomenal. They make the barbecue sauce in-house (as well as everything else, far as I can tell) and lay it on thick. Dessert was a blur of sugary bliss. Their turtle pie is amazing!If you haven't been to Quivey's, I strongly encourage you to go because it's really a gem.
<review# 514,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/12/2012,2/15/2013,70,19,5,7,5>Brasserie V - what does the V stand for? My most recent vice.My criteria for a good restaurant (in order of importance):1. Beer2. Food3. ServiceWARNING: This place is hopping, so be ready for a wait, but it's well worth it!The beer selection is phenomenal.  Belgian beers are infinitely complex and notoriously delicious.  Add to that an entire book of beer choices and you have an impossible decision to make. Luckily, Brasserie V's staff is knowledgeable and friendly, ready to help you make such a critical decision.The food is SOOOO GOOOOOOD. I have never had anything I didn't love here.  Moules, frites, burgers, chicken or tuna salad sandwiches at lunch - variety with quality. I'm actually on their wifi right now, writing this review, and eating tonight's special: a burger with egg, crimini and oyster mushrooms, and rosemary and truffle bernaise sauce on sourdough. Only $13! Oh shit. The guy next to me just got the duck breast with door county cherries and red wine sauce. I guess I have to come back tomorrow.The service: this is why I'm a regular. I live nearby and the staff is so much fun that I'm content to hang out at the bar and chat them up for a few hours while they endow me with sample upon sample of whatever 4 new beers they have on tap this week.
<review# 515,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/29/2012,2/14/2013,86,145,1,5,3>Initially, I found the menu to be a little bit lacking, when it comes to what I would normally order. Talk about taking me out of my comfort zone when it comes to entrees. I quickly found myself turning to Yelp to find out what others had recommended. Bob's Bad Breath Burger was seemingly unanimous, alright Yelpers, you have spoken and I am listening.So, what scared me the most was the idea of cream cheese on a burger... what? But to be fair, I used to think P-Nut Butter on a AJ Bomber's burger was gross. Wrong, it is delicious. *Try new things* I told myself. That burger came out and the first few bites, I couldn't tell what cheese was on it - or if I would in fact have bad breath at the end. Fast-forward to the middle of the burger, yes, there is indeed cream cheese on this burger... verdict? YUM! Not too much garlic either. I really thought this sandwich would be overpowering with mouth odors. Granted, I don't think my breath was pleasant afterwards, but it wasn't atrocious.I liked the greens that came along with the burger, and those Yukon Gold Potato slices... I want more and I want them often! My brother enjoyed his Reuben but thought the bread was a little thick. I also tried the Hot Buttered Rum - it's a new favorite cocktail of mine. Wasn't quite as good as Bluephies' but where it lacked in mixing, it made up for in alcohol.As I looked around the room, it looked like a great, intimate 3rd date location. I'd say first date, but for me, I wanted the burger or the Reuben - not ideal on the after-meal breath. But, it felt very Madisonian to me, the decor and atmosphere just said to me that I was in Madison. I wish the place was a little bigger. I felt cramped at my table (I'm a tall guy), my knee kept hitting the leg of my table. It was also hard to get to our table - it was very crowded and every table was full.I could see coming back again, it was a unique experience. But I'll try a night that isn't as crowded (if that exists). Also, they have Chess Mondays... I'm not very good, but I always enjoy a good game (that I don't lose in 9 moves).
<review# 516,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/26/2012,2/13/2013,21,24,,3,3>Best food + atmosphere for Thai in Madison!I consider Ha Long Bay & Sai Bai Thong to be the two best Thai restaurants in Madison----however, Ha Long takes the cake when it comes to atmosphere. The place is always buzzing with people (sai bai tends to be mostly empty when we go), they have a young, hip waitstaff and a restaurant with a modern, fresh decor. Although the food is great at either place----the experience is better at Ha Long!One note---I find their "spice" rating scale to be a bit more "mild" than the average thai place---so if you like something really hot try emphasizing that you want it *really* spicy instead of just "five stars".
<review# 517,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2012,2/12/2013,13,6,,2,3>This area of Madison has really got it going on with tons of great options including The Rigby! The Rigby is good ole fashioned Wisconsin bar confort food done right! They make their salads (potato salad, coleslaw) from scratch and their burgers are very underrated! Staff is great and speed of service is definitely better than some other spots in the area. I've never had any trouble getting in and getting out when in a hurry, and the food is awesome. Try the Rigby burger and their homemade coleslaw!
<review# 518,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2013,2/11/2013,41,78,,3,3>I didn't know I liked thin crust pizza until I tried Anna's! I've never actually been TO Anna's. We've ordered delivery both times I've had it so far. Also, as far as I can tell, they don't have an online menu. We ordered the works off of a recommendation on a review and it.is.delicious. The garlic bread is great too!Our order arrived to our house in a very timeline manner and the delivery guy was really friendly!If you're looking for thin crust pizza in Sun Prairie, I haven't had better than Anna's.
<review# 519,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/3/2013,2/10/2013,57,98,,3,2>This is my new favorite pho place in Madison. The broth is good, and the portions are reasonable. Their vietnamese coffee is premade and does not come with the press on top, but it's still pretty good. The ambiance (lighting, pace, space, and decor) was comfortable and pleasant enough that I commented on it multiple times during dinner. At 6pm on a Sunday, the place was full of couples, families, and friend gatherings, without being over-crowded. It's the only place in Madison that makes the tri-color dessert the way I like it - with lots of jelly and coconut milk, and not too sweet.
<review# 520,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/12/2012,2/9/2013,65,45,,3,3>The Mason Lounge is a cozy bar with a fantastic tap.  It retains neighborhood watering hole cachet while simultaneously catering to a "hipster" crowd. Every time I've visited, the tap list delights.  Amazing beers at very reasonable prices. I like that there are a variety of seating alcoves.  I've always been able to find a place to sit, and you can hear your friends over other patrons without straining or yelling (some bars escalate to a cacophonous din as the hours grow later). The bar staff has always been busy, but very friendly.
<review# 521,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/25/2012,8/5/2012,266,372,,4,3>What a lovely way to spend a Saturday afternoon! ...Although I'd probably recommend going on cooler day. It is a lot of walking and sunshine...so really, regardless of the heat, you should slather on the sunscreen and stay hydrated! It takes about an hour to 1.5 hours (going at a brisk pace) to cover all of the gardens on display. Some gardens are nicer than others, and there are a few that are still under construction. My favorites were the Sunken Garden, the Rose Garden, and the Thai Temple Garden. I thought that all of these displays are well thought-out and perfectly executed!Looovve!! I'll be back in the fall when the leaves change colors. (:
<review# 522,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2012,8/4/2012,21,15,,8,7>If you are looking for a no frills Friday night fish fry that will blow your mind, this is your place. I am giving this place 5 stars because it is wonderful for a very simple meal, with excellent service.  We had a little trouble finding the door (the entrance is in the back facing away from Packers Ave.) but once we walked in and sat at one of their wobbly tables, we were instantly greeted by our friendly server.  Though the bar was busy, we got our drinks immediately, along with a basket with two basic white bread rolls and coleslaw.  All very standard issue.  The fish was another story. Whoa.  I got the Canadian perch and my boyfriend got the Canadian walleye.  The large single piece of walleye was lightly breaded and fried perfectly.  It was buttery, non-fishy, and totally delicious.  The baked potato that came with it was pretty standard, but good.  The perch was battered differently in a thicker, more crunchy coating.  The little strips were just AMAZING.  I got a pile of 7 or 8 strips that I honestly couldn't stop eating.  The fries were done to perfection as well.  My boyfriend and I are somewhat light eaters in general, but we cleared out all of that fried goodness in one sitting.  On the way out the cooks from the back yelled good bye, the bartender wished us a good night, and someone standing by the door smiled and asked us to come back soon.  I can't say enough about how friendly everyone here is.  It looks like a burned out biker bar, but their simple menu is done right.  I never thought I would like a place so much that doesn't have salad on their menu, but I anticipate we will be back many many more times.
<review# 523,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2011,8/3/2012,36,172,4,6,4>Okay, I'll admit...I wasn't overly excited about stopping in here for breakfast. The limited menu didn't grab me, but the boyfriend wanted to try it out. Okay, so occasionally I guess he can win, because this was top notch.I had the baker's breakfast, which consisted of fried eggs, baguette, dressed greens, ham, and creamy butter. Yep, basically the five food groups of deliciousness. EVERYTHING on the plate was perfect. The green salad was light, and the shaved fennel was a welcome addition. The eggs were SO tasty. Best fried eggs I've had in Madison. I'm not usually a "ham" person...but this isn't your grandma's Sunday dinner ham. This is house smoked tastiness. The baguette, of course, was just what a baguette should be. Crunchy outside, moist and chewy on the inside(topped off with some of that butter!). My boyfriend had the french toast...and I believe he said "This could very well be the best french toast I've EVER had". We also got a loaf of the Country Hearth bread, which we've been devouring with lunches this week! Above all, the staff was super nice, in that way that I can only find in the WIlly St. area.GO HERE.
<review# 524,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/7/2012,8/2/2012,209,840,9,14,6>After hearing many good things about this place from friends, co-workers, newspaper reviewers, and random strangers, I decided to give it a shot.  My first attempt to sample their Thai offerings failed in grand fashion.  I arrived to the tiny establishment at around 6:30pm on a Tuesday night, and inquired about the wait for a to-go order.  I was told it would be "fifty minutes or an hour."  For a to-go order?  Yikes!  Methoughtnot, so I ran across the street for some La Bamba instead.Still jonesing for Thai some nights later, I decided to call to place an order.  A younger sounding girl answered the phone, although I couldn't understand a word she said.  The act of placing my order was comical - I'd ask a question, and she would respond with "yes" or "ok."  She obviously had no idea what I was asking or saying.  One example went like this:Me: "What time will this be ready for pick-up?"Her: "Yes"Me: "I'm sorry; no, when can I pick this up?"Her: "Ok."Me: "Will it be ready in 20 minutes or 30 minutes or 40 minutes?"Her: "mmm hmm"Me: "Can you tell me when it will be ready?"Her: "Ok."Anyway... you get the point.  I eventually ordered the chicken Pad Thai, medium spice, and decided to give them about 20 minutes to prepare it.  Upon my arrival, I found the dining area to be packed, and a young gentleman working behind the counter.  I told him I had a pick-up order, and he said it would be about 10 more minutes.While I was waiting, he offered me a complimentary egg roll, which was absolutely divine - it was bursting with flavor and was perfectly cooked.  I will order a pallet of these next time.Well before the quoted 10-minute wait was over, my food was ready.  I paid $6.75 for the meal, wished everyone well, and headed for home.  When I arrived back to my pad (pun intended), I cracked-open the styrofoam container and was pleased to find several additional items, including: cucumber slices, crushed peanuts, a side of spiced oil, and several lime wedges.  Nicely played, Suwanasak.  I dug in, and the Pad Thai was excellent.  It was a little more mild than I would've preferred, but for a first effort, it was excellent.  The noodles were perfectly cooked, the chicken was plentiful and of high quality, the veggies were fresh and crisp, and the egg was perfectly cooked.  Fantastic.  No signs of grease, to boot.So long as they have someone working the phone that can answer basic questions, I'll be back again in no time.Suwanasak = WINFood = 4.5 starsService = 4 starsValue = 4 starsMISC = 1.5 stars (phone skills need improvement)Try it.  I'm told the green curry is amazing... that'll be my next order!
<review# 525,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/17/2013,1/29/2013,16,27,,4,2>Everything was incredible. I went with a group of three and we shared everything family-style,  which I suggest when you're here, and not a single thing we ordered was less than amazing. Duck fat fries, do it! As a side note, I'm not much of a meat eater, a recovering vegetarian really, but I can gladly make exceptions for the kind of experiences Pig in a Fur Coat serves up.The place is small, somewhat cozy, and really enjoyable - both laid back and a bit classy. Good for small groups - visiting with family or friends but not big work parties.
<review# 526,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/7/2012,1/28/2013,57,84,2,4,2>I've eaten at a few hibachi spots and I have to say this one just might have topped them all. Go figure! In Madison, of all places.The man and I were the only two sitting at the grill and we were surprised to find that the chef still went above and beyond despite only having us as an audience. He was definitely determined to get that onion volcano going even though we didn't really care if he did or not since we've seen it a million times. But after 4 or 5 times, he finally got it. He was very entertaining and his jokes were cheesy but made us laugh. Spinning an egg on the grill and calling it an "egg roll?" Ha-ha!The portion of the food was ginormous for the both of us. The vegetables themselves seemed like it could've been split to more than 2 portions. We ordered the filet mignon, shrimp, salmon, and chicken....all of which we dipped in the amaaaaaaazing seafood sauce. And the chef even gave us extra before he left.The only thing we didn't like was that it was $2.95 for fried rice. Eh? I guess I'm used to it being included back home in L.A. Oh well.Love the hibachi experience here. Haven't tried the sushi yet. One day!
<review# 527,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/30/2011,1/27/2013,18,11,,4,2>LOVE Fromagination, but it's one of those "dangerous" places for me -- I have to be careful how often I go, because it can be a hit on the wallet. It's kind of like a mini-Zingerman's experience here in Madison. Obviously, this is a great place to go if you're looking for cheese, and it's nice that you can sample anything (and they mean anything) in the cheese case and have as many samples as you deem necessary to make your purchase decisions. We've also gotten wine, beer, crackers, relish and some chocolate from here from time to time, but mostly cheese. One of my husband's and my favorite things to do is to buy a baguette and a little sopressata or salami, and then pick up a handful of the cheese "orphans" they keep up by the cash register. Instant dinner, and you get to try out some new cheeses. This shop is a little downtown Madison treasure.
<review# 528,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/20/2013,1/26/2013,4,25,1,4,2>Don't let the name throw you off, this is one of Madison's best dining establishments. It has a unique atmosphere, a fine menu selection, excellent service and an overall great experience. You can't go wrong if you pick this spot for dinner. Try the chef selection dinner special or the house steak.
<review# 529,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/29/2012,1/25/2013,78,57,,5,4>Cork & Bottle is a great neighborhood liquor store. They have a well-curated selection of wine, beer and spirits. Overall, the staff is friendly and helpful; especially with questions about wine. The store is on the small side so they won't have everything, but that shouldn't stop you.  Sure, you can go to Woodmans or Hyvee and find every alcoholic thing under the sun, but I urge everyone to come out and support a wonderful local business. If they don't have something, just ask and they will happily point you to an acceptable alternative. Bonus: Come on Saturday between 3 and 6 for a wine tasting. I've also seen some random liquor tastings as well.
<review# 530,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2013,1/24/2013,15,21,1,4,3>Since I'm a newer Madison resident, I'm not sure how much better this State Street gyro spot was in the good old days. However, I've become quite hooked. This is a late night gyro joint and not fine Mediterranean dining. The regular gyro is okay (and the Hercules plate is quite the haul), but what I always get now is the Chick-n-Bob, or chicken kebab with fries. The chicken is seasoned, grilled, and served on skewers in a big warm pita with delicious, tangy tzatziki sauce, tomatoes, and onions. It's filling and lovely. And the fries are incredibly good. Crispy on the outside and softer on the inside (except for the super crunchy fries on the bottom of the basket; there are always some). Have yet to sample the baklava.Service is friendly and down-to-earth. The interior is pretty fast food-like, but I like the rooftop garden in the warm months. There's always Greek music videos playing and there's ouzo, too.Admittedly, paying $9.25 for a chicken kebab and fries feels a little steep. It would also be nice to have more specials/deals on food now and then.
<review# 531,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/17/2012,1/23/2013,3,11,3,4,1>Go for the games, stay for the pizza?  I would say the opposite, but I could always throw down on some Rampage.  I loved Rossis when they had zero  video games and they existed on the underside of Rossario's.  The pizza is fantastic here; stone cooked with interesting combos (wangs cap, swiss pig), friendly service, daily specials and coupons that make you want to try other items; bosco sticks & lasagna. Home alone on a Sunday, but still want to watch football, eat some good food and have a beer?  Sunday's special is fantastic (it's big for one, but leftovers are great) and I would highly recommend meatballs as a topping.  While they 'talk' back to me a little later, they are amazing.I also appreciate the humor in their tag line of "triangles or squares, we have the technology"  LOL  Great spirited group and they remember what customer service is and how to provide it.  Thank you for being in Monona - We love you!
<review# 532,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/12/2013,1/21/2013,22,154,4,5,4>I spent more than an Andrew Jackson on a hamburger.  Please don't tell my father.  That said, the Graze burger is easily worth a Benjamin Franklin.  Easily!  Best...burger...I...have...ever...tasted.Multiple types of meat, ground up into a perfect patty, then expertly cooked to a medium rare loveliness.  The onion compote and the bun are the icing on the cake.Suck it up and spend the money.  The Graze burger beats steaks at most places.  Thank you, Chef Tory.
<review# 533,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/4/2011,1/19/2013,6,38,3,5,2>WOW! I just moved to Madison and I absolutely love this store! I'm a crafty girl and I bought some gorgeous hand-dyed ribbon for only $1 a yard! I came home and crocheted myself a wraparound bracelet. If Etsy had a storefront, it would look like Anthology.
<review# 534,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/13/2013,1/18/2013,1,10,,6,3>Run, don't walk, to Gates & Brovi!Hyperbole, you say? Well, not really; it is kind of far away (on the far West end of Monroe St., near Odana) and thus if you just walk, it will likely take a long time.But also because of the sheer awesomeness of the food. The talent behind Marigold and Sardine are at it again, and the food is wondrous. Clam chowda? Amazing.Turkey torpedo sandwich? Divine.Pulled pork? May be the best in the city.Haven't had dinner there yet but how can you go wrong with these guys running the show? Looking forward to trying out their fish fry as well as a number of other things on what looks like an excellent menu.The decor and atmosphere is wonderful as well. I just wish the place were neared to where I lived or worked. Oh well, guess I'll be running there again soon!
<review# 535,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,2/10/2014,3,43,1,6,3>5 of us had a very nice dinner at Minerva on a busy Saturday night. We had recently read the review in the Isthmus and decided to give the restaurant a try. Indian food is one of our favorites. Took about 10 minutes to get us seated and menus were handed to us promptly.   For the next 10 to 15 minutes we went over the hundred ninety three items on the menu. Each of us had a favorite item in mind even before we sat down. Our waiter was an authentic Indian who knew the food very well. Unfortunately it was difficult to understand exactly all of his comments but his enthusiasm and humor overcame any of those shortcomings. We loved the experience and would like to go back. Highly recommended.
<review# 536,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/24/2014,2/9/2014,95,202,,5,6>This is the best place for surprise bouquets! My boyfriend, who is currently out of town, wanted to cheer me up while I was stressed and blue. The next day he told me there was a surprise awaiting for me! Lo and behold I receive a call from J. Kinney florist's delivery man! He was so patient and kind, working with me to figure out a good meeting spot on campus (the addresses of my building had 3 different entrances...). No signature was required. I got this beautiful bouquet of red and white flowers in a VASE! Smartest act ever, now my flowers sit on my desk at work to accompany me in the day! I gave a call to Jean the next day for tips to extend the shelf life of my flowers and drying them. She was knowledgeable and helpful, knowing exactly who I was after I told her my name (although we were never in contact before). She told me which flowers I could dry and how I could dry them!I'm so pleased with my flowers I would recommend this place to anyone show wants to get a surprise for their loved ones!
<review# 537,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/11/2013,2/8/2014,37,102,3,10,5>It's just a MUST for me to give this eccentric, cozy and nice coffee shop a FIVE- STAR rating!I am not a morning person, but as soon as I'm in love with this coffee shop I challenged myself to wake up so early in the morning. Two days in a row, I woke up at 5 AM just to have my single or double espresso as soon as they open!I just love the atmosphere, a number of seats available, the ambience. It's just perfect. Been reading some reviews about their internet connection, well, for me, this is like the best internet connection compared to other coffee shops in town! They don't limit only for two hours and youtube loads just fine here- so really, it's not as spotty as they said, especially when you work in the morning.I have been quite productive, reading, writing and revising my proposal there! I'm so happy! The service is super good, they have the nicest barista and staff!Tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and days after that, if I am not at the library, or at home, or at SERF swimming pool, or zumba-ing or yoga-ing at SERF, I will be at Colectivo! :D If you happen to see a nice and smiley lady with some colorful scarf, just greet her! :) She's in love with Colectivo, so she's always in the good mood even with some books and a lengthy paper! Thanks to Colectivo!!!!!!!
<review# 538,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,2/7/2014,40,91,4,12,5>I'm not going to lie, I may be the worst painter in the world ( I can barely write my name sometimes). But, I had such a great time painting here! Who knew I could paint? Not me...that is for sure.So my painting didn't turn out as pretty as everyone else's, I'm totally cool with it. Just being able to sit and do something new in Madison, to me that was not only fun and innovating, made my night! A little about the classes here:-The classes are around 3 hours each.- I suggest wearing some what ok to get messy clothes. I watched a girl splash paint all over herself during the initial retrieval of the paint we would need. -Come a little early to get the spot of your choice if you have a bigger group. The class was full!-Drinks were totally affordable. I even got a 20 oz bottle of Coke which was only $1.50.-Your painting will be completely dry when you leave, no worries. they have hair dryers to make sure your now walking around with a wet painting. -Even if your painting does not match the starting painting that your trying to match, it's ok. It is your painting, meaning it is your "take" on the starting model. -They clean everything up for you when you are done. It was great!I also had Paul Smith as a teacher. Totally a great guy!Thank you Artful Escapes for being a new awesome place to have some good old fashion fun in Madison!
<review# 539,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/24/2014,2/6/2014,7,6,1,5,4>I've lived in Madison for almost 3 years and have stupidly spent most of that time heading to Brickhouse BBQ whenever the porky craving strikes. No longer! This place is the real deal.I can't speak to the entire menu because I order the same thing every time I'm there: pulled pork sandwich, garlic mashed potatoes, biscuits. The mashed potatoes are stupid good, like, eyes-roll-in-the-back-of-your-head-with-the-first-­bite good. They give you a little cup, which is good for me because I could eat a whole barrel of the stuff. BBQ sauce has a bit of a kick, but isn't unbearably spicy. On my last visit, I saw they added mac and cheese to the menu (uuhhhhhh yummmm) but I don't know if I can bear to part with one of my other sides to try it. I'll just have to make my boyfriend order double biscuits instead.
<review# 540,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/27/2014,2/5/2014,25,39,,7,4>Lots of good things about this place. First one, its haunted by gangsters. That is hard to beat. Second, it has really good steaks. Third, if its your birthday you get a free dessert. And not just some dry ass stale cupcake - you can pick whatever you want! I recommend the Creme Brulee. Lastly, there is a fire place. Never been upstairs but I hear it is mediocre.
<review# 541,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2014,2/4/2014,14,122,2,8,4>I am pretty open-minded about pizza. I prefer it with a pretty thick crust and no meat but will try it no matter what is on it. This weekend I was without a vehicle (but with my three kids) and not in the mood to make any more PBJs. I wanted somebody to bring me some food, but I was also not in the mood for pizza. I settled on Glass Nickel because their pizza is good and I'd get some nice pasta out of it (the salads sounded good, too, but I wanted some warm food). I was able to do my order online, which I LOVE (two reasons: I am antisocial, and there should be less chance of getting it wrong since I wasn't relying on somebody to listen closely and write down what I said). I was able to put the tip on my credit card, another good thing. One thing I wasn't aware of was the email updates. I got an email once the order was finalized and sent, then another one when it was being prepared and then a third when it was out for delivery. It was a cold Saturday night, but delivery was pretty darn fast. The delivery driver was your stereotypical friendly stoner, and he had his own pen! (I used to order delivery more often, and I was always surprised at how often the driver didn't have anything to write with). The kids enjoyed their pepperoni pizza and I loved my pasta (fettucine noodles with pesto sauce, broccoli, and mushrooms. The broccoli was pretty well shredded, but it tasted very good).
<review# 542,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/8/2013,2/3/2014,15,92,,7,3>We really enjoyed our meal at 8 Seasons Grille! We just moved nearby and it was an easy place to meet a friend for lunch. I really didn't expect much since I don't see many people in here, but I think it's just a bad location and usually an afterthought -- I have been walking by for two years and would always think "Oh, I should go there!" but then it's never on my radar.The only bad thing to report was the coffee was burnt; it had this sour taste to it. It was also a little strange to be the only people in the restaurant, but it was also right during a Badger game.My friend ordered a side salad with the grits. She enjoyed both a lot. We were impressed with the dressing -- some sort of pistachio mixture. Yum! Derek got brisket with frites on a pretzel bun. He thoroughly enjoyed that, and it was good he was hungry. :) I had huevos rancheros, and UGH SO YUMMY. Everything was perfectly balanced and full of flavor.I'm excited to try something new, though pretty disappointed that their only vegetarian lunch entreé was a grilled cheese sandwich. Hopefully they serve breakfast foods later in the day so I can choose from that menu, too.Last thing: I think they need to school their servers a little more on potential allergies or intolerances. My friend is severely gluten-intolerant and had a question about where a "GF" was positioned because it was hard to see, and the waitress really didn't know.
<review# 543,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/2/2013,2/2/2014,122,125,5,6,4>I get the hype!Came here a few weeks ago with a groupon for dinner. Honestly, dinner buffet is a great deal even without the groupon.The food is excellent. Authentic and delicious, and they do the buffet right. The food is always hot, and they bring out fresh dishes often so that nothing sits out long or gets cold. Yes, the food is meat-centric and greasy, but that's just Phillipine cuisine for you. The one thing I was disappointed in was the service. While our waitress was super friendly and even gave us free tea and cookies, the service was shockingly slow. I think the issue was that our waitress was also cooking, so she was very busy. Maybe Mabuhay should think about hiring a few extra people to help work the tables. The three parties (including us) that were finished eating waited ~20mins to pay. We even got up and went looking for our waitress at one point. Come here expecting great food and very kind service for very low cost, but know that you'll be here for a while.
<review# 544,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/4/2013,2/1/2014,177,529,3,6,6>Yes! Somewhere with non-watered down ice coffee!It's definitely a rare treat for me when I order an ice coffee that doesn't end up tasting like coffee-flavored water with ice. I do realize that if I wanted that, I shouldn't be ordering an iced coffee, but I do what I want. Anyways, with a good selection of coffee and teas, you will surely be caffeinated enough to crank through that 10 page paper due 5 hours ago. There's a fair amount of seating, including a back section that I just recently discovered. The seats are pretty close to each other though, so prepare to get comfy with whomever you're with.
<review# 545,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,6/3/2014,8,103,2,6,4>Mallards games are great, affordable family entertainment.  The organization does a great job of keeping everyone entertained.  Between each inning, there is usually something on... kids racing, adults dancing in sumo suits, etc. Food:  decent and affordable.  I don't come here just to eat, but if I have to, it does the job.  For foodies, there's some upscale food (steak sandwiches, pulled pork, etc.) that's pretty good.  Of course, the beer is pretty good - lots of craft options!  If you're not going to drink beer, sign up for the designated driver list and get a wristband for free soda and a chance to win a jersey!Baseball:  entertaining.  These are college kids working to improve their game.  You probably won't recognize any names unless you're related to them, but they're still pretty good ballplayers!  After every game, the Mallards players stand outside the locker room and sign autographs for the kids.Entertainment:  lots of it!  There are plenty of drawings and games to keep you occupied.  The "beer batter" is always fun (a certain guy on the other team - if he strikes out, it's 2-1 beers for the rest of the inning).  There's also a play area behind the third base line for younger kids (playground, bounce house, etc.).Value:  pretty good.  Tickets are reasonable.  Every night seems to have a promotion, so pick one you like.  Duck Blind:  Not for kids.  Out in right field, you can buy a special ticket and get all you can eat/drink.  It's a lot of fun out there if you're with the right group of people. :)We're not season ticket holders by any means, but we try to take the family to a couple games each year.
<review# 546,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/7/2014,6/2/2014,23,30,,4,2>I've wanted to come here for a long time after reading some reviews, and was very impressed! The place is really cute, and the drinks were delicious and affordable. Only downside is the hours - it's only open a few days a week and closes at 10pm. It would be the perfect mid-week place, but it's not open. I'm definitely coming back!
<review# 547,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/25/2014,6/1/2014,2,17,,2,2>I love Woodman's and do my shopping here about 85% of the time. They have an unbelievable selection and, for the most part, great prices.I did figure out what my lone two problems were with this store, though. The size, as I mentioned, is unbelievable - to a fault. And for being so big, they tend not to offer weird things. It's always hard to find arugula, for instance. Really? Arugula is a pretty common leafy green. There doesn't seem to be much rhyme or reason to it.The second is their weird price breaks, and I'm talking about soy products in particular. For example, Silk soy creamer. French vanilla or hazelnut costs far less than unflavored, and the same as a quart of regular soymilk. Why? Why should a pint of non-flavored soy creamer cost more than artificially sweetened stuff? Why should I have to pay more because I don't like artificial sweeteners in my coffee? And again with whey protein - a can of unflavored can run 5-10 bucks more than its vanilla or chocolate counterparts.Be sure to take advantage of this place when it's less crowded.
<review# 548,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/25/2014,5/31/2014,43,59,,6,6>Madison is full of good coffee shops, but Victory is my favorite. They get everything right. From the delicious New York style salmon panini to the outstanding Chemex coffee preparation (never weak) to the impeccable hospitality of owner Patrick, it's the best way to start a Sunday morning off right every time. His cute kids (one a superhero in cape and mask) are often in the play area and always well behaved. Just a lovely place.
<review# 549,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/19/2014,5/30/2014,26,41,,4,3>Warning: cash only; seat yourselfPros: large portions, reasonable price, nice waitersCons: long wait, stressful seating processWalking into Mickies Dairy Bar without knowing anything about it can be quite daunting. On a weekend morning, the place is packed. There is a small sign at the front that informs people to seat themselves, but it's a little stressful. Unless you were born with the ability to determine when people are going to leave a table, you may find yourself a little anxious to get a table.Once seated though, that stress dissipates and is replaced by good, hearty food. The scramble is delicious. It's also quite large. My friend and I split a cinnamon roll, a milkshake, and the scramble, and we were perfectly satisfied with the amount of food. The cinnamon roll doesn't look that appealing, but it's tasty. The milkshake comes with an extra cup-full, so it's great to share (or imbibe alone). The scramble is amazing. It's the perfect hangover/comfort food option. Eggs, cheese, meat, potatoes, and whatever else you want mixed together and served on a giant plate. My friend got their chocolate chip pancakes and was pretty disappointed in them. They weren't soft and moist, and without syrup, it was difficult to eat much of it.This place is a staple of Madison, so I recommend trying it at least once. I would suggest coming here in small groups, as the seating is limited during the most popular hours. Also, don't forget to bring cash!
<review# 550,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/2/2014,5/29/2014,69,120,,7,4>I had been wanting to try this place for a long time and this weekend was finally able to do so. It's seriously so good. I can't wait until my next visit. Honestly thank god I don't live within walking distance because I'd be broke.They don't take reservations, but we called on our way there and the host said he had a table for 2 if we got there within 15 minutes. We did, and sure enough our table was waiting for us (awesome). We started off with a beer and cider for me, and could tell right from the get-go that the service was going to be stellar. And it was throughout our dinner.We had the almond stuffed dates as an appetizer and they were absolutely phenomenal. Best thing I've eaten in a very long time. We then split the roasted beet salad and pheasant flatbread (gluten free). Both were divine. I was particularly impressed with how yummy the gluten free flatbread was, it was clear that it was homemade. The entrees might be a little pricey, but it's so worth it. Best meal I've had in quite some time, and even my mom agreed. I cannot wait to come back!
<review# 551,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/24/2014,5/28/2014,16,71,2,4,1>I love Dexter's. It's a short walk away, so I go there a lot. I've been there dozens of times.Their daily specials are usually what I check out, and they come with a cup of soup. And that soup is usually amazing. Their chili is always fantastic. Their fish fry is also very good. They have a beef brisket sandwich called the BBLT that is always really good.They have plenty of beer on tap, and plenty of televisions for your viewing pleasure. The staff is always friendly and willing to recommend something.
<review# 552,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/11/2014,5/27/2014,23,53,1,7,4>I feel like the Regent St. area is overall very lacking in quality food establishments, so anytime I hear of a new spot there, I never get too excited about it. So, when a friend dragged me to OSS, I was anything but excited to check it out. My expectations were low, especially because i'm an herbivore in what sounded like a carnivore's playground. But OSS managed to well exceed my expectations, and has even become a place I actively try to make it out to! This is because OSS has good and cheap food, and they also have the other aspects of a restaurant down well.When I went, I was with a large group, and was easily able to find multiple large tables to accommodate us. The staff happily greeted us when we came in, and made it a priority to explain all of the details of their menu. The big selling point for me in particular:  They have VEGAN SAUSAGE! IN MULTIPLE STYLES! So obviously, I got myself the Italian with green peppers and onions. It was delicious, and tasted just like the real thing. My friends had some of the more speciality sausages, and also sang their praises for those. We also tried a couple of sides (the cheese curds, and the hand cut fries), and both of those were very good. The fries in particular are among some of the best i've had in Madison. On top of all this, the restaurant itself is a fun looking spot. It has plenty of large tables, seats that look more like they should be on a bicycle, and a lot of water tubes flowing around the walls. My friends noted that they felt like the place had a "steampunk" vibe.So, a great food menu, with a cool looking space, and some very fun and friendly employees make OSS a destination spot, especially in its prime Regent St location.
<review# 553,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/7/2014,5/25/2014,16,51,,8,5>My husband and I went to Louisianne's recently after we sold our condo and got a Middleton Chamber of Commerce gift certificate from our real estate agent (Leslie Blum, she's great!).We wanted to use the opportunity to have a special date night and go somewhere a bit more upscale than we usually do. Having never been to Louisianne's in the 5 years that I've lived in Middleton, I suggested we try it out.I give the atmosphere of this place a solid five stars. Although it has an rather bland looking storefront, the inside of the restaurant is anything but. You walk into Louisianne's and immediately head downstairs. It's all stone and looks like you're walking into a cool cave or something. It's dark, but there's a lot of ambiance. I've been to New Orleans, and it definitely has that sort of vibe to it. It's romantic, fun, and not what you'd expect from the outside. I felt like we were on vacation while we were there. Also, there was a live jazz band playing and they were really rocking. It was awesome!We went at about 8pm on a Friday night had to wait about ten minutes for a table, which was fine. While we waited, we ordered drinks at the bar and watched the band. I had red wine, and my husband had Jameson on the rocks. We were seated and ordered the Pecan Crab Cakes as an appetizer. They were good, probably just 3 stars though, as they tasted a lot like other Midwestern crab cakes that I've had before. They were heavy on bread and light on crab...with a lot of Old Bay seasoning. Again, they weren't bad at all, but not spectacular.Next, we ordered some more wine and our entrees (more on those in a minute).  We were given a choice of soup or salad with our entrees and we each ordered soup. They had two soups of the day: a shrimp -corn chowder (which I got), and a tomato-based pulled pork stew that was like chilli (which my husband had). Both soups were fantastic! Definitely 5 stars for the soup. I'll take a minute here to comment that I enjoy going to traditional restaurants from time to time, places where soup/salad and bread are included with your meal instead of everything being ala-cart. (It reminds me of dining in Wisconsin supper clubs as a child). By the way, the bread basket was delicious and was quickly replenished by the waitress after we ate all of the bread within 30 seconds of sitting down because it was warm and toasty (and served with soft butter) and we were starving! Onto the entrees! My husband absolutely LOVED his dish. He claims that it was possibly "the best thing I've ever had in a restaurant". He chose the Coffee Roasted Chicken, which featured a bed of (homemade) fettuccine topped with a coffee-crusted bone-in grilled chicken breast, in a "hazelnut, orange, ricotta sauce". I think there was spinach in it too. The pasta was perfectly al dente, the grilled chicken moist, and the sauce was rich and creamy. It almost reminded me of a Thai peanut sauce, but with hazelnuts instead. Although it sounded like something that could become cloyingly sweet, it was not. It had a nice subtle umami essence in addition to the sweetness. Delicious. 5 stars.The reason that Louisianne's is not getting a five star review from me, however, is due to my entree, which I felt was very underwhelming. We don't eat pasta at home for health reasons, so I usually get it when we go somewhere nice as a special treat. I chose the tasso and shrimp fettuccine because it was homemade pasta, and because it featured authentic New Orleans style ingredients (for the unfamiliar, tasso is basically spicy ham). The shrimp and tasso pieces in my pasta were well-cooked, but they were sparse. The dish also featured mushrooms, and they were fabulous...probably the best part. However, the pasta was supposed to have a "Creole mustard cream sauce", and it didn't really. The sauce was very light, and had little flavor. It was kind of sad, because I was really hoping to be wowed and I wasn't. I'd say my item was probably 3 stars, and would have been awesome if only the sauce had been a bit more pronounced and flavorful. The service was adequate. Nothing remarkable in either a good or a bad way.Summary: I'd definitely return. I think Lousianne's Etc. is a decently nice restaurant overall, and is great for special occasions. Their primary issue, from both my own experience as well as the reviews on Yelp, seems to be consistency. Some menu items are fabulous, and others are meh. The major problem with this is that Louisianne's  menu is at a price point where people only go occasionally...so the restaurant basically has one shot to impress, and if they fail at that, guests won't return for a second chance. I think this explains why the Yelp reviews for Louisianne's are so polarized.
<review# 554,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/8/2014,5/24/2014,14,30,,6,5>How have I not reviewed Brickhouse? I come here so often, it's kind of ridiculous! Mostly because it's close to my house, but also because it's so delicious.I've had a variety of items here: burgers, quesadillas, mac and cheese, cornbread (and cornbread alone), and lots and lots of beer. I've been here for: date night, meetings, pre-interview mixers, drinks, etc. And every time I've had a great experience. This place is underrated for casual drinks. Boyfriend and I come here often on the weekdays to grab a beer or two and maybe even an app to share. Beware--kitchen closes at 10, so make sure you get here before then.The vibe at Brickhouse is awesome. Three floors and an outdoor patio. OBSESSED with the patio! It's the perfect place to sit out in the summertime, both during the day and at night. They have wood chairs and tables with umbrellas and string lights surrounding the patio. It's intimate and fun to come here at night. I've also come here in a big group once or twice (once during a basketball game!) and the waitresses have been very accommodating to us. Sure, service was a little slow during that basketball game, but it wasn't anything worth noting. Regarding food: Always hot and fresh. GET THE CORNBREAD. It is SO good (and I'm usually a cornbread hater). I also love any of their mac and cheeses, they are seriously divine. The best mac and cheese in Madison.Regarding beer selection: vast! Their taps rotate regularly, so I am always very satisfied with their selection. Boyfriend liked their Old Fashioned, but said it was not the best he has had. They did muddle it correctly, so he was happy.Great place for beers and dinner with friends. Try it!
<review# 555,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/29/2012,9/6/2012,33,34,,7,2>I love Mad Cat. I just visited last week when I was having some issues with a new cat getting along with my old cat and the employee there was super helpful and they are definitely getting into fights a lot less now. They give great advice and they have tons of different options for cat toys, treats, litter, foods, etc. Going to swing by there soon to check out cat trees!Highly recommended.
<review# 556,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/17/2012,9/5/2012,78,57,1,3,6>Old, dive-y diner, with a Willy Street twist.  I'm embarrassed to say it, but I think I eat here every weekend. The service is usually slow, but it's the weekend and so am I.  If it's busy, just plan on waiting a while for your food. I usually switch between the bomblet or the fair oaks skillet.  If you had a little too much fun the night before, the skillet is where it's at.  Greasy, meaty, potato-y and cheesy.  You'll also be full for at least 2 days if you can polish it off.  My friends have raved about the pancakes and the vegan french toast as well.The coffee is Just Coffee these days, but for some reason it still tastes like standard diner coffee.  Not a bad thing really, but definitely not my cup of tea (coffee?). I only get it because of the awesome mugs.
<review# 557,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/15/2012,9/4/2012,33,146,1,6,3>Soga is a little hard to find, you have to go up some massive stairs which seem a little intimidating. But once you get up there the staff is very welcoming and warm. We went there pretty late, about 40ish minutes before closing time and were unsure if we should stay and eat. They told us it would be no problem and would stay open a little later for us.We had the shrimp and beef shabu shabu. If you haven't had shabu shabu before it's a pot of boiling broth (I added pictures if you want to see) and a plate of different ingredients that you can throw in to cook. The broth itself is very good and made of bonito fish, seaweed and other spices.  It's even good to drink as a soup later on. The shabu shabu came with a lot of vegetables and mushrooms.  The vegetables looked and tasted great.  They also had chili paste, chili oil and sesame paste to add.  It was only about $16 and we shared it in between 2 people, but a third person could have gotten in on that. It was delicious and a good value.We also had the gyoza which is what brought us there to begin with (dumpling craving). They satisfied more than enough.On a final note...they must not be getting many white people since like I said they are kind of hidden away. They were extremely attentive of us, making sure we knew how to use chop sticks etc.
<review# 558,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,9/3/2012,41,141,,2,1>BEST COFFEE EVERLove this place.Actually maybe a bit better than my other review of Victor Allen's...but I like their cafe a bit better. This is more of a place to stop by than to stay.Get the Ancora D'Oro for home, and the White Zombie for right now. (Almond flavor is my favorite) Or the mocha, which is heavenly. Seriously, the best mocha I've ever had. EVEREVEREVER. The chocolate has some weight, but blends perfectly to be a grown-up version of chocolate milk you had as a kid. The White Zombie is a strange and beautiful thing. A "white coffee" drink, it's light and powerful, you will feel like a high-powered cloud ghost zooming around after drinking this. They tried to change the name to White Lightning, but no one wants to feel a crackling electric jolt. Don't worry, the zombie will carry you through the day like a white flotaki magic carpet, smooth, airy and sensuous.
<review# 559,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2012,9/2/2012,3,9,,3,1>Yay they have multiple Baos and dumplings. We shared the dumplings (jiao zi), pork and chive baos, and black bean pork noodles (zha jian mien)...or the basics, it seemed. I'll review the noodles first. I have to admit I am slightly addicted to the Korean version jjajangmyun and this was my first time with the Chinese antecedent. I found this to be a little too salty and definitely lacking the flavors that make me eat jjajangmyun every single time I eat at a Korean restaurant. I really can't speak to the quality of the Chinese version but I don't think I'll be ordering this again before I try more on the menu. Too salty, too oniony, just not quite there for me. The dumplings I had with them on the side were delicious and I could sit and eat those all day. Full of flavor, cooked perfectly, and plump. The bao was also really good. The dough was some of the best I have had...as someone who has never been to China. The filling didn't quite seem to fill the cavity but it tasted great. Real standard but delicious.  Finally, the red bean bao. These did not disappoint. I am looking forward to trying Chinese custard so I will order those next time but will keep ordering these if those don't turn out to be incredible. Overall, this is good bao and dumplings. We got the basics this time, but we are looking forward to going back and trying other ones. Also, their water container is imported from Italy and is awesome.
<review# 560,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/16/2012,9/1/2012,8,27,,1,1>Another happy customer at the Dog Den!Last summer when our schedules got busier for the summer, we decided to enroll our dog in day care at a different place. They told us our dog barked too much and had to be alowed to attend on day by day basis. They put us 'on call' and were informed that at any minute we could be called and we'd have to come pick her up. They never called us and even thought she almost never barked at home, we thought we just had a naughty puppy that we would have to deal with for the rest of our lives.Fast forward to this summer and WHAT A DIFFERENCE. Because of a location change we searched for a day care closer to work. We couldn't be happier! The dog den took Birdie in with open arms and renewed our loved for our dog. After the first day we got a report about how she was, and they said "No Problems What So Ever". They said right away she started playing and having fun. She didn't bark at all. On her first day, they posted a picture of her having fun on facebook and introduced her to all of facebook as their new friend. They left comments on her picture telling us they were so glad to have her there. We loved the first day experience so much that immediatly we changed her schedule there from one day a week to two. They do art projects with the dogs, send them home with cute notes that we will cherrish forever, and post pictures of them atleast once a week.They also offer a Friday Night Theme Party once a month where owners can drop their dog off from 6pm-9pm (I think). The idea here is like date night for the doggie parents. During football season they have Badger Saturdays where you can drop your dog off before the game and pick them up after the game. The dogs get a hot dog at half time! Although we haven't used these services yet, we have been so happy with daycare that we have been trying to find something to do friday night where our dog would need care just so she can go!
<review# 561,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,8/31/2012,21,24,,3,2>Gray's has a great atmosphere---we love the deck and the live acoustic music on Thursday evenings during the summer! The beers are pretty good (I love their Rock Hard Red...which isn't really a beer but it's a must-try if you're there)! The menu is diverse and generally tasty and I've never had a bad experience there.I'm docking a point because I would love to see Gray's switch up how they offer live music! They seem to have some great acts but it seems like the band or performer is always stuck in the corner (when performing indoors). For as much live music as they have---and for how large the facility is---it seems crazy to me that a more distinctive area wasn't designed for such occasions. Anytime we've gone there for live music we've either been unable to see or had to sit in the dining area (which doesn't have a view and the sound is lost). Anyways, no general complaints---if you're in the area it's a great place to check out and enjoy a few pints at!
<review# 562,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/14/2012,8/28/2012,39,38,,3,2>The food gets 5 stars -- the server recommended the Shepherd's Pie and it was tasty. I had to take half of it home because it was such a large serving.My fiancee had the Pesto Chicken Wrap and it was good as well. The atmosphere also gets 5 stars-- a really neat looking interior that I imagine will be really cozy when it gets cooler outside.The only reason I'm giving it a 4-star review is that 5 or 6 of the on-duty employees decided to congregate around a nearby table when an off-duty employee came in for a visit. I understand that business was winding down - but we sat with dirty dishes in front of us for 15 minutes while they all chatted it up. I'm really not that "get off my lawn" kind of angry customer - I'm young and spent many years working in restaurants. Just know the time and place, staffers -- and try not to make nearby customers feel uncomfortable.
<review# 563,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/11/2012,8/27/2012,106,976,1,5,2>Oh Van Galder, how I love thee. The first time I took this bus, it was $18 round trip to O'hare from Madison. These days it's $29 each way. Things have changed a lot since I was in high school!But the busses get better and better, the service is always great, and rarely do the busses run behind schedule.I see others complain about it stopping at the Dutch Mill instead of just at UW. These people are apparently not from outside of Madison. When you don't live *in* Madison, the Dutch Mill is so much more convenient and easy to get to. Especially with the new pick-up area and long-term parking lot. It's always busy, too, so I'm not sure what other Yelpers are on about when they say no one uses it. Clearly they've never been there on a Saturday morning!When prices to fly out of Madison are hundreds more than Chicago, it's nice to know that there's the option of $60 extra and a bit of time on the road to make a more affordable flight.
<review# 564,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/13/2012,8/26/2012,1,13,,3,1>Sunday brunch on a lawn overlooking a stream in a rural town....of course it is 5 stars.  In all honesty, they would have had to actively work to screw this up.Brunch on the lawn was amazing.  We arrived around 10:30 and stayed for 2 hours, taking our sweet time - and they never once hinted at rushing us.So, like I said, they would have had to try to screw up the rating just from the atmosphere alone.  The coffee was excellent, no complaints.  But the food, dear lord.  GF ordered a bruschetta sandwich and for fun put bacon on it.  The chevre melted beautifully, the bread was hearty and perfectly toasted and the basil was obviously as fresh as it gets.  I am not sure what bacon they use but it is thick cut and cooked to a perfect compromise - crispy without losing all of its fat and deliciousness.  The side salad was light and amazing.  I know all of this because I was actively working to steal everything on her plate.We split a bowl of tomato soup with blue cheese - it did not last long.  Spicy without being hot - it had more flavor in it than a bloody mary.  Simply fantastic.I had the sweet potato quiche, which as the least favorite items, was still better than 95% of brunch items usually found (at other places).  In comparison to the soup and bruschetta sandwich, it was awful.  In comparison to brunches at other restaurants, I would order it a dozen times over.  It was great - just not nearly as great as the other items.As we drive past this place 2-3 times a month to visit family in Green County, we will be visiting again, without a doubt.  The only thing is that I will likely not bring the kids - not because it is not kid friendly but because they just would not appreciate the quality of the food and the serenity of the space.
<review# 565,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/19/2013,10/13/2013,147,332,2,5,3>I speak only about the wine. OK, two quick coffee things: good fresh roasted beans and cold-brewed (Toddy) extract for their iced coffee. Back to the wine.It's taken me a while to warm to Barriques. I've been circling through all the usual haunts. Bottom-feeding at Trader Joe's, checking out the specials at Steve's, grabbing unusual stuff at Woodmans. I've always appreciated their $10 wine wall. It helps move wine to an everyday beverage instead of a "fine dining" only treat, something that the Midwest sorely needs to do.  You'll find something you'll like and it will be drinkable and won't blow your budget. The rest of their selection is well-considered and there are plenty of excellent wines under $20 for a definite step-up in quality. I finally joined their wine club. They pick a $10 bottle for you every month (which pays for the membership), and then you get discounts on 6-bottles or mixed cases. I just picked up my first pick, a very nice Pinotage from S. Africa. I never would have tried it otherwise and it was only $10. You also get $2 bucks off their wine tastings. I've been to two so far and they've both been well worth it.Check it out!  Santé!
<review# 566,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/8/2013,10/12/2013,37,54,6,5,5>Hmm...what is this? Is it a paperweight? A bowling ball? A dumbbell? No, it's Brasserie V's beer menu, which I have to imagine clocks in around 5 lbs. It's very extensive and covers the globe.So that makes the 4 set beer samplers a really *great* idea. South African mead + German potato beer + Italian IPA. M'kay, I'll expand my palate today. Yup.Foodwise, I know people complain that it is on the pricey side (true) but they will put duck breast on any dish you ask them too! You have to pay for that kind of duck-heavy service.I love, love, love the atmosphere. You can never (nope) get a table, so we always sit at the cozy let's-pretend-we-are-in-Belgium bar and people watch. Ooo, look at those hipsters with their Warby Parker glasses. Is that a dad feeding his 7-year-old daughter fries ad aoili? Yep. Ooo, look at the beard on that man who is talking to the bartender about local beer, I think I saw it in Madewell last month. So, if vast tracks of beer, duck breast and fun people watching at the bar don't sound like your thing, maybe don't go here. And don't call me, I'll call you (doesn't call you).
<review# 567,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,10/11/2013,209,840,4,6,6>I needed to find a venue that offered good coffee & vegetarian fare, while presenting an environment suitable for great conversation, all in a quirky or unique atmosphere.Enter The Froth House (thanks, Izzy for the reccomendation!!).While they normally have live music from 5-6pm, the music was foregone in favor of a retro movie night, where patrons were invited to attend in corresponding costumes/dress. The movie night was hosted in the "side" room of the building, so as not to disrupt the primary serving/seating area.Let's start with the atmosphere. I loved the dark red walls, black trim, and original hardwood flooring. The artwork featured an interesting mix of exotic cars and flowers. Definitely a unique combination.The soundsystem was a touch on the loud side, but it was still quite easy for us to converse without much trouble. As the evening neared movie time, the music was lowered and eventually turned-off.A chalkboard displayed the drink specials; not pictured were brews... Enter quirk #2: The Froth House offers a happy hour, with half-price drinks from 5-6pm - who knew?! We were there for coffee/tea, so I stuck with a medium roast coffee.The coffee was fantastic. I'm not sure who they use, but the roast and brew were totally excellent. I'll admit that I browsed the baked items (cookies, muffins, scones) and ultimately remained strong, although the cookies looked divine.After chatting for a while, we decided to order the Med plate, which featured pita wedges with hummus, chili-spiced feta, pickled artichokes, and Kalamata olives. The plate was ready in no time, and was more than enough for two people to enjoy.The hummus was just slightly spicy; not overly flavorful, but far from bland. The texture was spot-on. The artichokes were your typical offering, as were the olives (admittedly, I'm not a huge fan of olives). The chili-spiced feta was interesting - they crumbled feta and tossed it with some Sriracha (or similar), and was pretty tasty.The prices were more than fair, and the staff was excellent. They graciously allowed us to stay well beyond the 7pm closing time (although the movie night was still going, so perhaps that had something to do with it).You bus your own tables and get your own water; neither of which bother me in the least. Oh, and they also take cards, so no need to bring cash only.
<review# 568,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/29/2013,10/10/2013,6,21,2,6,5>I could go on and on about how good this was! We had a party of 5, and although the place is small we were comfortable. Relaxed atmosphere but seemed intimate as well. We started with the Gorgonzola chips and artichoke appetizer, both incredibly reasonably priced at 6 bucks apiece, and delicious. Lots of vegetarian options for our friends and all our food was fantastic. Friendly, attentive staff (brought us more bread with our appetizer when we ran out) and cheerful bartender. Could it get any better?
<review# 569,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2013,10/9/2013,48,226,1,2,2>Alright... So Madison, I am really glad we got an "Alterra" coffee (Milwaukee Represent!) but I am disappointed with the name change... Anyways, this particular place is GREAT, nice spot on the Capital Square with awesome outdoor seating and with a half indoor/outdoor seating area too which is probably my favorite thing because I imagine myself sitting in there on a rainy spring day with my warm cup o'joe as it rained! The inside is standard coffee shop nothing strikes you about in my opinion but the coffee.... the COFFEE... simply scrumtrulescent... yeah... look it up... it is absolutely delicious and I will never describe it well enough for you to understand that so I will not even try. Go enjoy a nice cup of coffee year round at this wonderful corner coffee café.
<review# 570,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2013,10/8/2013,3,70,,2,1>I got a tripa taco and an al pastor sope.  The tripa itself was no-compromise flavorful, but alone the taco it would have been not so fulfilling - - but together with that amazing sope it was a feast, for $6.   The cornmeal in the sope was not thick - - it was lighter than the taco shell(s) - - but heaped with an al pastor like none I'd ever had - - rich, red, strong in flavor - - and the onion and very fresh cilantro (and nice salsa) made for a VERY sumptious, flavorful, and satisfying meal.  It could be that the cuisine (from Queretaro?) is different than the Michoacan and Guanajuato I'm used to, but it was very unique, distinctive, and great care was put into making it highly flavorful.  Like with Los Gemelos, which I also hugely enjoy in its two Madison locations,  I would highly recommend getting at least one sope, as opposed to just tacos.
<review# 571,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/23/2013,10/7/2013,18,76,4,6,5>I am not easy to please yet I recently have been handing out 5 stars. Madison and the surrounding area has a wealth of wonderful food. I am a lucky girl!My guy and I wanted to try Salvatore's Tomato Pies for some time. We finally went there on a Saturday night about 7:30. I made a reservation but there were tables available. The restaurant is small but I imagine they do a brisk take-out business.This is no ordinary pie. I am NYC born and bred. I generally "put up" with Wisconsin pizza. I used to love Casa Bianca but that is long gone. Now there is Salvatore's- a real pizza in my book. The crust is just the right thickness, crisp and flavorful. So clearly made from good flour and by talented hands. We ordered a basic pie and added caramelized onions and portobella mushrooms. Mmmmm is all I can say. Just enough sauce and high quality cheese. You literally could taste each ingredient and discern the quality. We started by sharing their house salad which was generous and very attractive. The dressing was yummy too. Gluttons that we are, we ended with a creamy gelato sundae. Perfect finish to a perfect meal. Oh, I also had a Lake Louie Scotch Ale, which complemented the meal perfectly.With tip the bill was $47.Confession: I am on Weight Watchers. I saved up every point and still lost weight this week. It was worth eating fruits and veggies all day just to indulge in this fabulous meal.
<review# 572,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/17/2013,10/6/2013,52,75,3,3,4>Holy Cow does this place serve up good pizza! By far the most delicious thin crust pizza I have ever had. As it should be. A 16 Inch pizza set me back a whopping $38! So not only is it the world's best pizza! It's the world's most expensive as well! To give you an idea of how good the pizza was; I didn't seem to mind paying $38 bucks for a single pizza. It was almost like I was under the influence of a pizza high! Seriously, I will be back for another $38 pizza. It's that good! Thank you yelp for helping me find this hidden gem in Madison.
<review# 573,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/12/2013,10/5/2013,158,144,,7,4>One of the best hidden parks in Dane County.Donald park is so secret even some locals don't even know about it.  Head out on Hwy 92, one of the most gorgeous drives from Mount Horeb, or drive in from Verona Area, just 10 minutes from Epic.  " It's officially in the Driftless region".  Rolling hills, valleys and has an amazing "Donald Rock" to climb and make you feel like you've gone back in time a few centuries.  Close to nearly 800 acres of land with prairies, woods, trails, streams, beautiful rock formations, and ponds.  There's even a historic cabin they have been restoring.  This park is teeming with wildlife, geology and beauty.  Hike the miles and miles of trails by foot or even the special trails for horses.  With the park being so large you never feel crowded with people.We love to hike the trails year round.  Some our favorite memories here are the winter hikes, untouched snow, ice formations over the streams, and inside the wooded area tracking where the animals have been going.  You won't be disappointed!  After 5 years of going to Donald Park I still have not seen it all.  Activities here:Hiking, Horseback riding, Fishing, Exploring the historic cabin, climbing the rock formations, Snowshoeing & cross-country skiing on rustic trails, Prairie and woodland exploration, Relaxing at the pond,  sampling the wild blackberries and sun bathing on a bench or blanket surrounded by acres of beauty.Close to Sutter's Ridge Fruit Farm and Pumpkin Patch, Mount Horeb is less than 10 minutes away, or Maxine's Bar in Mount Vernon has great bloody mary's and bar brunch specials on the weekend.
<review# 574,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,10/4/2013,52,87,,4,2>This has become my favorite pho place in Madison! Came here on a Sunday at 2pm and it was PACKED! You know it's good when the place is filled with Asian families. The service was fast and friendly...but we all know we go to these places for the food right?The pho was delicious. The broth was tasty and not too salty. It came with your standard jalapeno peppers, bean sprouts, and cilantro. The large bowl came with extra noodles and was very filling.Huge fan, repeat customer, highly recommend!
<review# 575,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/13/2012,1/7/2013,63,48,2,8,4>I'm so very happy that Lazy Jane's is walkable for me! We bring all of our visiting friends and family here for the atmosphere, food and consistency.Here's a typical weekend brunch visit (weekday mornings are super low key):1. Arrive at a line out the door! Patiently observe the decor as you move inside. The staircase at the door leads up to the dining room.2. Have your cash ready! Cash only, but there is an ATM. (Leave a tip in the jar!)3. Pick a scone to nibble on while you wait for your breakfast. In my experience, the estimated wait time is an over-estimation. "30 minutes" was actually about 20 for us.4. When you order coffee (which is delicious), you'll get one free refill.5. If you'd like water, there are water coolers upstairs and downstairs with small glasses so you can serve yourself.6. You'll be given a pager for when your food is ready (at less busy times, they'll shout whatever name you give them!)7. The upstairs dining room is super cozy! Reminds me of being in an old (kind of run down) bed and breakfast. But totally charming!8. When your buzzer goes off (or name is bellowed!) you can head over to the window and claim your meal. 9. Be prepared for an awesome, generously portioned breakfast. I can never finish my food. Eggs and potatoes are not gourmet, but they are not greasy or sloppy like some diner-style breakfasts. Everything is always juuuuuuust riiiight.10. Clean up your table and carry your dirties to a bus tub. It's the polite thing to do :)The guys and gals who work the register are always beyond friendly. You can personalize your meat, toast & coffee choices. You'll leave satisfied and cheerful! At least I always do :)
<review# 576,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,1/6/2013,20,49,,2,4>The people at this Glass Nickel Pizza were very accommodating for a large order of 25 pizzas when I called ahead by four days.  Pizza was on time and all the guests enjoyed the variety of pizza, esp. the veggie selections!The discount of $2 off/pizza helped a ton too!  Cheers for being very easy to work with!
<review# 577,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/24/2012,1/5/2013,15,43,1,2,2>I'm at Yola's at least once a week, sometimes more. I'm one of the moms with kid(s) (well, just one infant, to be precise). I LOVE it here, it's my go-to. The barristas (especially one and I have to learn her name) know my order every time and I rarely have to actually say it. It's nice to have somewhere to unwind and just "be" for a time. They have a variety of seating - comfy chairs, solitary tables, group tables, tables near the play area. They also have a great fireplace feature in the center as well as an overall "homey" feeling. It's my (calm) home away from my (hectic) home.Their food is delicious - the waffles are amazing and the California sandwich is my lunch staple when I've lingered a little too long for good conversation and end up with two meals there.There is typically a very diverse crowd - businesspeople, college students, moms and tots, and the lone wolf. All seem content and right at home.
<review# 578,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/13/2012,1/4/2013,73,99,1,2,2>Sundance cinema is also a part of the Hilldale shopping center which apparently features a few big name movies but mostly indie films. $9.50 base fee for all tickets and an extra surcharge based on the time of the day and the type of film.They have a neat bar offering coffee/sandwiches/wine/beer all to be enjoyed outside in the lounge area featuring really lovely leather couches and rustic wooden tables. If you are there to enjoy a movie you can take the food and drink inside the theater as well. They don't offer typical movie fare, but stuff more along the lines of artisan sandwiches. I didn't watch a movie but the outside lounge area was very spacious and if not for a movie I'll be back to enjoy a coffee and the large grey leather couch ;)
<review# 579,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/15/2012,1/3/2013,49,113,3,5,3>Went to my car, hopped in, drove 3 blocks and knew something was WRONG.oh NO! a FLAT tire. Made it back to my house and called Budd's.The owner says if I can get the car there he can fix it right away.....Luckily for me, Budds is 4 blocks- the other way- from my house and my hubby was able to come home and pump the tire up for the trip downhill.As promised, 2 hours later the tire was fixed and the Nasty looking screw that was the evil culprit was taped to the invoice.THANKS for same day, no appt needed, no BS, local service!
<review# 580,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/1/2012,1/2/2013,2,6,,2,2>A lady with gorgeous collars at the dog park told me she got them at Nutzy Mutz. I loved the store from the moment I walked inside. Its small but laid out well, bright and friendly. I love the lounging animals! They're so friendly! Liz is fantastic. I just love her and I don't even know her that well. :) She's always happy to see me, showers my dog with treats and praise and answers all my questions quickly. You can tell she really knows what she's talking about. But not only her, her employees know too. One of them recommended Acana cat food for my picky kitty and she loves it! (Due to crystals in her urine, I need to switch to dry food now and Nutzy Mutz is where I will go for help) They also found me a great dog food (Innova) and some supplements for my lab mix with dry skin. I send everyone I can here!
<review# 581,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/6/2012,1/1/2013,225,125,,6,3>Went for lunch today (12/6/12), and thoroughly enjoyed the meal. I ordered the Wild Boar burger (whoa, I ate wild boar!), and, although the patty was quite small, I was full at the end of the meal. The flavor of the burger/toppings was really nice, and the fries were great. Be warned, though, that burgers come with a small side of coleslaw, but any other sides (fries, sweet potato fries, etc) cost extra.The guy I went with had the Bison Burger, and enjoyed it, though he did not like his sweet potato fries (they were "soggy").It is a little pricey for lunch (approx. $20 if you get a burger with a side and drink), but at least you get a free warm chocolate-chip cookie at the end of your meal!!!   +1Also, I love that the place is so new that it still smells like fresh-cut wood! Yum!
<review# 582,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/12/2012,12/31/2012,209,840,1,4,3>A coworker of mine coerced me to attend a Sunday night concert at the High Noon Saloon, and in my delirious, sleep-deprived-state-of-mind, I agreed to join him.I say "coerced" because we had been working on a project that was going live that same weekend... our small team arrived to work on Friday morning at 7:00am, and when he made the suggestion at sometime around 4:00pm on Saturday afternoon, it sounded like an excellent idea.  I mean, we'd been up for 33 hours straight, so why not?Fast forward to Sunday at about 5:30pm, and the thought of hitting a concert sounded less than ideal.  But, I made the drive over to HNS and am I glad that I did.  As others have shared, there isn't any real parking to speak of.  Your best bet will be to park in the MG&E lots as Bruce K noted.  It's a short walk (maybe a block) and it beats trying to find street parking, or worse yet, having your car towed.  On our way out of the show, I saw two vehicles being towed for being illegally parked near the venue.Finding the entrance is a bit tricky... it's on the far east side of the building, and it's located on the back side (away from East Wash Ave).  Don't try to enter through the double glass doors near the main parking lot entry.And while I'm not a fan of cover charges, I understand why the HNS has to rely on them.  We paid $10 each to see three bands, so that's more than fair.Once inside, I was pleased to find a large, well maintained venue, complete with hardwood floors, a balcony, and dual bars.  The raised stage was the perfect height; attendees had a clear view of the stage regardless of where they stood.As others have noted, seating is almost non-existent.  Nor were there coat-racks that we could find.  The bars were packed, but the barkeeps did a good job of serving folks in a fairly timely manner.  I think our first round took about 8-10 minutes to receive, but after that, things were much more speedy.  They serve pizza by the slice at the venue; I'm not sure how good it was, nor am I sure of how much it cost.  If you're hoping to eat dinner here, you'll probably want to dine elsewhere.I'm somewhat of an audiophile, so I over-examine sound equipment, the mix, and general quality.  IMHO, the saloon would benefit from a bit more bass, or perhaps from setting a slightly higher cross-over point.  Generally speaking, the sound was good, but it lacked some fullness, and despite having 8 18" subs, the bass was light.  Could've also been a phasing issue... but, with as crowded as it was, I didn't feel like walking around to see if there were peaks and valleys with the sound curve.Overall, a very solid venue.  I'll definitely visit here again.
<review# 583,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,12/30/2012,29,25,4,4,2>Man was I full after I ate at Johnny's. It was my first trip to this steakhouse, and I'd have to say it holds its own compared to the competition in the area. I got that 10oz, NY Strip, Oscar style. That's right, I wasn't afraid to roll the dice and give it the oscar treatment. To quote the great Yngwie Malmsteen "people always tell me that less is more.....how is this possible? More is More." I also got the hashbrowns as my potato, and they were great. The only reason this place didn't get 5/5 from me is because I ordered a sidecar, and it came in a martini glass. I mean I'm no expert, but it seems like a rocks glass would've been more appropriate. Maybe I'm being too critical, maybe I've been watching too much Mad Men lately, but it just rubbed me the wrong way.
<review# 584,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/8/2012,12/29/2012,19,82,4,3,2>DLUX makes a fine burger......and a fine shake....and fine cheese / green onion fries...and a fine root beer float.So much so that while working at an event at Monona Terrace the other night, I sent several hungry people over there.  All came back stuffed and happy.The burger combos and quality are not too far off from what you'd find at a Red Robin, but with at atmosphere that feels much less like a restaurant chain kiddie fun-land and more like a yuppie hipster paradise.  But it's the fries.  Oh those fries.  I don't even think I saw a traditional order of french fries on the menu.  The fries offered include fries covered in cheese and green onions as well as an order covered in bacon and blue cheese, among other combinations.Did I mention shakes?  Yeah, you CAN put booze in it if you like.  Because why wouldn't you?The burger prices are pretty reasonable, but the drink prices sit on the border of high.  Overall, as the 4 stars would say "Yay!  I'm a fan."  It's a unique atmosphere for a burger joint, but as I said earlier, they make a fine burger.
<review# 585,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/5/2013,5/10/2013,41,78,2,2,2>I stopped at Barriques one evening a few weeks ago with some girl friends. We were only in there for about a half hour for a quick glass of wine and some chit-chat before a movie.It was my first time at this Barrique's location and I was surprised by it. I loved all of the wine options (heaven, really.) and I was tempted to also order a coffee drink since they all looked pretty wonderful as well. There was plenty of seating, but still quite a few people there for a Wednesday evening. The service was great - very friendly employees!Too bad Fitchburg is quite a hike from Sun Prairie. If it wasn't, I'm sure I'd be a Barrique's regular.
<review# 586,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/16/2013,5/9/2013,52,87,,5,4>Open late for those midnight cravings or bar time food. Best doughnuts in town, hands down. $1 a piece, my only complaint is they don't do the bakers dozen but eh, its one extra doughnut and not worth a knocking them down a star.
<review# 587,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/2/2013,5/8/2013,52,75,2,3,3>I have dined here on several occasions for lunch and dinner and I have walked away happy every time. This isn't the place to go if your looking for creative or innovative fine dining. The best words I could use to describe the food is upscale bar food. Flat breads, Burgers, Salads, Rotisserie Chickens they have it all. Everything is reasonably priced and you can get in and out pretty quickly without spending a fortune.
<review# 588,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/7/2013,95,202,3,6,2>Moco loco burger is the BEST SAVORY burger in town! But caution folks, just one per two weeks or even a month is more than enough...!!!!!This crazy place about local food even makes its own house burrata!! If you haven't tried it (OMG WHY NOT!), its this awesome creamy cheese that lets you spread it over whatever you want. I mean, I like the Italian original at Osteria better, but hey, this is probably as good as local gets!Pastas are always good here too. It's more American Italian, but at least ingredients and flavors are awesome!Drinks are always good!!! Anything with an egg white is DELICIOUS!! I'm not sure I like the atmosphere after 10:30pm on Fridays and Saturdays.. It's more like a club. Very loud music and you have to stand around. Definitely not where I would go to chill out with friends and chat.. But hey, maybe that's your scene.Always packed on weekends during dinner. so make a reservation! AND it's on open table too!Also, look out for the daily specials! Mondays you get burger specials with beer, Tuesdays date night... And other special events ;)
<review# 589,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/14/2013,5/6/2013,20,149,2,4,3>Disclaimer: We were there during the last day of a Groupon promotion, so the restaurant was really busy. I've eaten at Samba several times over the years, and was much more impressed when it was new. Some of that is to be expected, it's a lovely space and the concept was new to Madison. The building shows some wear (fix the damn front door, already!), but overall it's holding up well enough.The star of the show is actually not the meat service, but the wonderful first course salad bar. Not a typical salad bar, but a meal in itself- I would go there for just the curried chicken salad and the popovers. I keep telling myself 'next time', but we always get meat as well.The meats were fine- I recommend passing on the chicken legs and the chorizo, although it makes sense financially to offer lower cost cuts in addition to the steak and tenderloin (beef and pork). Beef is served on the rare side, so be aware, but it's quite tender and juicy.Service was perfunctory, somewhat excusable for a Groupon night, but the server lost us for dessert by taking 10+ minutes to bring the dessert menu, and then disappearing for several more. That's the first time service has been rough, though.
<review# 590,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/27/2013,5/5/2013,15,11,2,4,2>Prior to discovering Pizza Brutta, I ordered a lot of pizzas from Rosatti's and was honestly pretty happy about it. But I can now tell you...I'd been living a lie!The first time we walked in to Pizza Brutta, I was the guy disappointed about the lack of a pepperoni pizza option (your judgment is painful!), but was quickly cured by the Pizza Diavola. Salami, peppers, fresh mozzarella and just a little bit of basil on a Neapolitan pizza. For me, Pizza Brutta is set apart because of its fresh ingredients, excellent variety and wondeful flavor. And, if you just want to pick it up and take it home - no hour wait here. 10 minutes if they're not busy and 15 if they are.I will continue to throw money at them as long as they throw pizzas back.
<review# 591,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/26/2013,5/4/2013,19,100,5,7,4>I hate paying for hair cuts. I haven't paid to get my hair done in years as my sister is a licensed cosmetologist. However. I haven't seen said sista' in a while and my roots were looking a bit shaggy. I sucked it up and Yelped where I should go. And boy am I glad I did. Yelp let me to Thorps. I went to the website (big plus for easy navigation and ease for seeing upcoming appointments and then booking for appointments). The place is open, warm, and inviting. The staff mirror those same exact qualities. I was welcomed in and offered a beverage. Beer in the cooler? Say no more. I had my hairs did by Quinley. She was amazing. I showed her a general picture of what I wanted and told her to go for it. Like magic-poof-when she was done it was spot on. Friendly stylist who gives you the cut you want. Go to her.The price was right too. My hair cut isn't easy so I feel the $25 I paid for it was well worth it. I can't sing enough praises about this place. I was seen on time, and my hair cut was finished in a timely fashion. I shall be back.
<review# 592,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/24/2013,5/3/2013,177,529,3,3,4>I might be one of the least photogenic people out there... It's like all my friends decided to wait till my least glamorous moments, took a picture and then posted it all over Facebook. Given that, I never thought I could look good munching on a burger with one hand while trying to simultaneously down a drink with my other. Ok, I'll admit, it's probably not a pretty sight, but for whatever reason, Jen made it work.Having been to numerous Yelp events where Jen was the resident photographer, be assured that you'll look good no matter what you do. The hard question is which new photo to make your profile picture.Her photos are absolutely amazing, and I would recommend everyone to check them out. She's also an awesome person in general, so really, it's a win-win.Thanks for the great work Jen!!
<review# 593,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/16/2012,5/2/2013,70,19,5,4,3>Late night hunger too often results in desperate and embarrassing decisions: Perkins, questionable street vendors...  Eating the entire tub of ice cream in my freezer...But no more! The Tornado Room took a meal I barely want to admit I eat and turned into something I can't stop talking about.  Their late night menu is classy and delicious.  So have a house cocktail with a shrimp cocktail and say goodbye to midnight trips to Taco Bell.
<review# 594,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2013,5/1/2013,286,123,4,8,4>Woohoo. This cafe/cupcakery/restaurant is like a really awesome quilt, sewing together my favorite aspects of local business: community, great food, local flava, cupcakes, coffee. I first came during a Yelp elite event (holler!) and couldn't wait to get back for more. The cupcakes are a no brainer. The chocolate cake with raspberry butter cream is like biting into a chocolate dipped raspberry: pure bliss. They have boozy chocolate truffles too, which I will definitely try next time.The meat loaf is not what you think. It's more like the hot, young mistress meatloaf vs. the old grandma meatloaf you got when you were a kid. The house made (that's right) chorizo and pepper jack is my favorite, blending in one of my favorite sausages in a way that makes you feel full, but not stuffed.Come for coffee, food, and dessert. Everything you need, they've got!
<review# 595,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/23/2010,10/6/2012,0,7,,1,1>This somewhat non-traditional tapas bar is perhaps our favorite place for a glass of wine (or a bottle) and some light dishes after a concert or a play, as long as we don't have to wait to get in.On our most recent visit, we shared a bottle of Malbec and four plates: baked goat cheese, cured Spanish meats, a crab cake, and the beef carpaccio. Each are excellent in their own way, and I can particularly recommend all of them.  We always seem to order three of them -- goat cheese, crab cake, carpaccio -- whenever we visit, and then round out the order with whatever strikes us at the time.The service is always excellent, no matter the time of day or how busy they are. The wine list is decent and the cocktails are well-made.The only real downside (besides an increasingly light wallet) is that when it gets busy, the waits get very long and there's no good place for those waiting to stand, other than around the single door (and in the winter, not having a double door can get a bit chilly if you're sitting near the front of the house). We won't wait to get a table or a seat at the bar, but that's just because there are many other great bars and restaurants in downtown Madison.
<review# 596,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/9/2012,10/5/2012,38,10,,7,2>I love Capital City Tattoo...super sweet guys.  I was immediately comfortable, and am so in love with my tattoo that I can't stand it. Brian was my artist, and he did a beautiful job and was so sweet and kind for all the sittings.  He listened to what I wanted and drew up the perfect design.  I get compliments on it all the time. Brian cares a lot about his clients and their happiness with his work, and does a great job making you feel very special.  I would never go anywhere else ever again:)
<review# 597,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/20/2010,10/4/2012,11,10,,2,1>Food is SUPER FANTASTIC.  It's cute and cozy.  Has a lot of charm and unique old atmosphere.  Downside - super tiny.  Although this can add to an interesting experience.  We shared a table with 4 other people.  I can't think of the last time I went to a restaurant and shared a table with complete strangers.  But we had an interesting chat.  My suggestion - Go early!
<review# 598,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/3/2012,65,61,,6,2>I am excited to have OBBC in the neighborhood. It has quickly overtaken The Malt House as my neighborhood spot for a pint (no knock on The Malt House). I look forward to more consistency in having the house brews available, but for how briefly they have been open, I am impressed with how quickly they are cycling through beers. The Strong Ale and Commuter Kolsch have been personal favorites and I look forward to more selections as the season changes.The guest tap selection is stellar and very reasonably priced. The snacks are delicious. I would eat a never-ending bowl of the hot pretzels, which may or may not be supermarket frozen pretzels, they are delicious.
<review# 599,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/19/2012,10/2/2012,177,529,4,2,1>So you've just had a long week of work, and you want to do nothing but relax. However, you end up going out anyways, because you know your friends won't let you live it down for staying in on a Friday night. You might start the night off at Chasers, finishing a pitcher... or 4, then head over to Wando's for some fishbowls. Now at this point, all you want is to do some headbanging and dance your ass off. You decide to go to Madison's, and head immediately to the bar. You get a rum & coke, and fork over a few dollars for tip. Despite being already tipsy at this point, you can still taste too much of the alcohol, which means that the past few dollars were definitely well spent. After downing the drink, you put your game face on and brave the dance floor. They play some top 40 stuff, and you're thinking to yourself, I could make this work. Then, out of nowhere, Gangnam Style starts playing, and before you know it, you're making a complete fool out of yourself at the center of the dance floor. Next thing you know, you wake up in your bed, thankfully entirely clothed. With nothing but Facebook pictures to rely on, you start to piece together the night before.Now if that doesn't sound like an awesome night, then I don't know what people do for fun these days.
<review# 600,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/20/2012,10/1/2012,35,12,1,4,2>I'm very fond of the Free House, and as a local, I will return to it often. The atmosphere is excellent. A great chalkboard mounted to the exposed brick wall over the bar lists all the current (and all-Wisconsin, and all awesome) craft beer listings. Every one of their signature cocktails contains locally distilled spirits - try their Free House Old Fashioned, made with Yahara Bay cherry brandy. Yum!As you might have figured, the focus at this place is on the local bounty. From the Clasen's hamburger buns to the locally sourced beef, not much will show up in your glass or on your plate that's not from nearby. And of course, it's all delicious. The Free House has two owners, and each of the 10+ times I've been there, both owners are around. I'm pretty sure they don't sleep - one manages front of house, the other works in the kitchen. I'm sure their constant presence contributes to the quality of the place.On the whole, the staff is A+. They have some extremely talented bartenders who always remember everything about me, to the extent that I'm a little alarmed. In general the servers are competent, although I've had one or two slightly unpleasant experiences with frazzled servers on busy nights. And this is one of the very few downfalls I've discovered about this place - it does get very busy. If it's a Friday or Saturday night, or if there's music on the (beautiful) patio, expect the Free House to be noisy and crowded.On the whole, I highly recommend the Free House. My favorite way to enjoy this establishment is to sit at the bar with a microbrew and split some delicious grub with a friend. The bar has the best atmosphere and the most talented staff, and you can't go wrong.
<review# 601,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,9/30/2012,73,99,1,9,9>Sometimes when you call a place a hidden gem people will think "Ok, sounds good, I'll keep that in the mind.." and if they ever walk/drive/hear about your recommendation later on in life they will remember and they might check it out. But this time when I say WOW Paoli's Cafe is AMAZING and you NEED to check it out NOW I mean, go get in your car, turn on your GPS and go there. Now. No seriously. Here are your keys....and I call shotgun!I was here for a Yelp Elite event earlier this evening and as I was driving to Paoli's SC I was really skeptical. I was driving through corn fields then all of a sudden my GPS is telling me to veer off to the left and onto this street where everything is named "Paoli ___". There was a joke that we doubled the Paoli population the night we had the event ;)But I parked and went in.....and I literally stood in the doorway for about a minute taking everything in. If you are active on Pintrest or you like interior decorating the Shop in the front of the house is really beautiful. Everything there is vintage-esque and it has the rusty ventian chic look going for it. The food that was served was immaculate. I'm not sure if it is food of their regular menu but the chef has magic hands and I would trust that anything she made would be fabulous. Chef Krista hasn't been with them for long as a Chef but she sure knows what she is doing! The service was by far the best I've ever had (save the Four Seasons in DC). The staff were always refilling glasses, replenishing silverware, removing plates and bottles, and all done quite stealthily I might add. It's always refreshing to see people that take the true meaning of customer service and take pride in giving the best that they can. Like I said at the beginning of this review, this place is truly a hidden gem...but now that I've found it I can guarantee that I will be back many more times. And I will be forcing many of my friends to go here as well ;)
<review# 602,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/21/2012,9/29/2012,65,45,2,8,5>The Malt House is one of the best bars in Madison.  Its interior is definitely unassuming, and there are no food options aside from the rack of chips at one end of the giant bar, but what it does, and it does beer & whiskey, it does well. I can only speak to the beers offered, and wow. This is a great list.  The taps rotate frequently, and the bottle selection is broad.  The staff has always been friendly and accommodating, offering recommendations if necessary (although I prefer to grab a menu, stare at the tap list on the chalkboard, and have a little inner monologue about which beer to order) and fast, professional pours.  I really appreciate the weekly updated tap list on the Malt House Facebook page-- one of my pet peeves is self-proclaimed beer bars with online tap lists that are months out of date!  At the end of the night, I'm always surprised by my tab-- in a good way! Hours of drinking great craft beers for what seems a pittance. The patio is a great place to relax during Madison's nicer months, and offers a great view of the Capitol. Sitting inside is dark and cozy.The Malt House draws a varied crowd, and everyone seems comfortable.  I've seen families picnicking outside while the adults indulge in a drink or two, plenty of dogs on the patio, and I've had many nights where delivery pizzas were required (both Glass Nickel and Roman Candle deliver, or there's a Papa John's across the street if you're saving your nickels for one more beer).I am glad I found the Malt House. It has definitely aided in my progression as a craft beer consumer and enthusiast, and has been a welcome fit at each stage.
<review# 603,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/21/2012,9/28/2012,6,66,,2,1>Nice place with good food.  I had lunch with my daughter - she the squash curry, myself the catfish curry.  Don't pass on the squash curry - very good.  The catfish curry tasted slightly metallic - no sure if that was from the coconut milk or what, but it was just a little off.  Still good - but ....Also, they definitely under seasoned when it comes to heat - I ordered the hot (but not native hot) and it was mild.  Barely would of qualified as medium.  It was good, but I wanted more heat.Good service, nice decor, good location.  They have a good selection of drinks, I definitely would try this out for dinner or a group of friends after work.  Good for lunch also - lunch is $8 ish, comes with salad, spring or egg roll - good value and you can get in and out quickly.  Nice enough to take a business colleague, or go on a date.Also has free wi-fi.For just food, 3 stars.  Add great prices, good service, free wi-fi, nice atmosphere - 4 stars.
<review# 604,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/22/2012,9/27/2012,33,38,,3,1>Very good food.  We were there on a Friday night at 6:30 and it was not very busy and we were worried the food was not good.  The place is modern and the service was good.  I had the GRILLED MISO GLAZED AHI TUNA 20Sesame Soba Noodle Cake, Bok Choy, Pan Fried Green Beans, Spicy Cashews, Red Curry Sauces: Spicy Sambal, Ginger Aioli, Wasabi CreamMy husband had:VEGETARIAN OPTION: MISO GLAZED TOFU 18Sauces: Spicy Sambal, Tabasco Honey, Smoked Onion MarmaladeSuggested Beverages: Maso Canali Pinot Grigio, Goose Island MatildaWe both really enjoyed the food.  The Soba noodle cake was CRAZY good.  The sauces were very good too, although I did not think you needed them.We would go back again.
<review# 605,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,2/20/2014,18,76,6,6,6>Unexpected delicious lunch at a place I never heard of. I had this incredible platter (thali) of fabulous vegetarian dishes. Every dish was distinct and robust. The platter included rice, Chana Masala, vegetable korma and palak paneer. All was accompanied by a flaky naan and Gajar Halwah for dessert. I need to bring my Pakistani boyfriend aka significant other, partner, boy toy, or whatever you call your guy at age 60, the next time I come. I would be interested in his take.I plan to take home significant leftovers so he can try them tomorrow.
<review# 606,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,2/19/2014,73,144,,5,5>After my first visit to this place, I can't imagine another place more deserving of the 5 star rating. Awesome food, awesome service, awesome atmosphere.Mom was in town and we ventured up to the Capitol square to grab some dinner. After scoping some places out, we settled on 43 North and found a cozy table near the back. The restaurant is simple, but elegantly designed and looks almost like a snapshot of a bistro from a big city.We shared an appetizer of roasted dates and I got the seasonal butternut squash soup. Both were pretty good, but the soup was a little bland.For dinner, I got the potato croquettes, and was pleasantly surprised with how tasty and filling they were. The small plate/large plate option is another plus that this place offers.I'll definitely stop back for happy hour or to try some other items on the menu. They have plenty of veggie options and everything we had was delicious!Nicely done 43 North, see you again soon!
<review# 607,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/6/2014,2/18/2014,0,18,,5,5>I can't speak for too many things on the menu here, as every time I've been here I'm seduced by the moules et frites. They aren't my favorite rendition in town, but they are deliciously, classically prepared, with plenty of golden, crispy fries (which will inevitably be snitched by your dining companions who've made other choices). On our last visit we also indulged in the cheese board, and the only problem with that is having to choose which of the many cheese selections to include (my favorite was the Ewe Calf to be Kidding). Of course, for the beer drinkers, there is a long list to choose from, but for those of us who prefer wine, the selection isn't half bad, either.
<review# 608,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/8/2014,2/17/2014,13,37,,5,3>After spending hours browsing Yelp for somewhere new to try, I decided on Jacs because it's just down the street from my work (and somehow I'd never noticed it?) My favorite thing about Madison is its plethora of "New American" restaurants/gastropubs with simple menus and amazing french fries. Jacs is just that.My boyfriend and I called when we were about 15 minutes away and asked to put our name on the list. When we walked in, it was packed--really no room to even stand and wait--but thankfully our name was called after about a minute! Unfortunately, our table was right next to the bar and there was a large party waiting to be seated. They weren't seated for 15 - 20 min so it was a bit unpleasantly crowded for us.I ordered the Bourbon Burger and it was delicious. My only complaint is that the ciabatta roll was too big for the patty so I had to take several bites in to actually get to the meat. I ordered the frites, and they were weirdly short but the house aioli was INCREDIBLE. I need a recipe asap.My boyfriend got the steak frites (note: if someone in your party is ordering this, you should probably opt to get a salad instead of frites of your own. HUGE portion.) I had never liked steak...until last night. I had a couple bites of his and it was incredibly tender and the sauce was amazing. Totally worth the price.Our waiter wasn't super friendly, but he was efficient, which I appreciate (no long wait for drinks or the check!)I will definitely be back. Cozy atmosphere, delicious aioli, great selection of beers on tap! Go early or call ahead, it's a small space and can get very crowded.
<review# 609,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/9/2013,2/16/2014,137,133,3,9,7>Madison Magazine got me again!  After a spread on the 13 best pancakes in Madison I had no choice but to accept the mission before me.  Our first stop?  Marigold Kitchen!  I have had this place bookmarked for a while and was happy to finally get the chance to visit it.  There was tons of parking and the location was easy to find, well after the GPS got involved. Upon entering the restaurant I noticed that there was what they called 'seating etiquette' which basically said, order with the cashier  then you'll be guided to your seat.  Though this place was jam packed we were able to order right away and did not have to wait to find a seat.  I ordered the blueberry and apricot pancake with bacon as that was the item featured.  Well let me tell you, this place sure did not disappoint.The pancakes do not look like much just 3 smallish/medium pancakes with a few blueberries on top and a slice of almond butter. Man!  Those pancakes were pretty incredible!  They were really light and just freaking good.  I also ordered the bacon which was good as well, not as standout as the pancake but still good.I am really looking forward to coming back to this place.  The layout is a bit crammed but in a really cute way.  They also have an awesome menu, I already know what I'm going to try when I go back.  If you haven't been to this place, do yourself a favor and go!  You won't be disappointed.
<review# 610,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/9/2014,2/15/2014,3,20,1,6,4>-"Hey honey, I went to the asian market today"-"YUE-WAH?!?!"The only good thing about living in this neighborhood is my proximity to Yue Wah. I love this place. The prices are so low and each aisle is separated into different ethnicities (e.g. hispanic, middle eastern, filipino, thai, indian, korean, etc...). I've found that this system either makes it really difficult or really easy to find what you're looking for. For instance, if I need kimchi, I know exactly where to find it. But if I need tamarind paste or fish sauce, I have no idea where to look because these things could come from one of many asian cuisines.Yue Wah has a pretty decent produce section too. Sometimes they run out of things, and some produce items seem a bit old. The garlic almost always has green sprouts growing out of it, so I try to avoid those types of items. But I love coming here for bok choy, plantains, and thai basil. I also love their selection of drinks. If I'm ever craving something cold, they have bottles of jarritos and a cans of guava juice for like $0.69! Compare that to the $1.79 high fructose corn syrup coca-cola you buy at the gas station. I have yet to explore Yue Wah's frozen food selection, but it seems like they have a wide variety of fishes to choose from, as well as easy stuff like frozen samosas.... yum!My least favorite thing about Yue Wah is the mean old lady that "greets" you with a grim stare as you come in. She is NEVER friendly and I'm not even sure she speaks english... not that there's anything wrong with that, but at least smile. Her husband (at least I think he's her husband) is much more friendly and will show you where anything is and answer any questions.In response to one of the reviews below, they DO carry oriental dishes/cups/teapots/platters/etc. Even little soaps and chopsticks ^_^ALSO BEWARE, they have a $10 credit card minimum so come with cash if your purchase is small.
<review# 611,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2013,2/14/2014,21,119,,6,6>Getting caught up on some reviews after starting a crazy-busy job.  My first impression walking into Fresco was that the decor and table settings seemed a bit on the pretentious side.  But then I was blown away by the unique view of Madison, and then...the FOOD.  I ordered the short ribs, which were indescribably delectable and moist (I HATE that word, but, well...they WERE!).  I liked everything about this dish, right down to the smoky polenta.  My dining partner had the ricotta cheese gnocchi, which was perfectly toothy and delicious.  She mentioned that the sun-dried tomato detracted from the brown butter herb sauce, and after tasting it, I had to agree: they really didn't belong.  But everything else about the meal was so spot-on--great service, fantastic views, and transcendent food--that this goes down as a #1 date/birthday destination.
<review# 612,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2013,2/13/2014,85,196,2,8,6>How have I not written a review about my favorite Italian place in Madison?  Probably didn't want to get the word out but looking at the reviews, it is definitely out.  Small, rustic, no pretense but serving great food and drinks.  While the items on the menu are solid (pappardelle with wild boar is always a fave), I really think the restaurant shines through their specials.  My last visit was during lunch and I had an incredible gnocchi with braised lamb leg.  The housemade potato gnocchi was soft and pillowy and paired well with the rich and hearty lamb. I love that the restaurant serves as a blank canvas to the food and diners that come eat here.  It is just as comfortable for a business lunch as it is for a romantic dinner.
<review# 613,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/14/2013,2/12/2014,70,386,1,12,7>Hadn't been in so long that I didn't know they moved from the Far westside location to Monona. Gratefully, I needed the job done right, on a budget, and convenient for me so I jumped back on the Rocky's Horse. First, I would give a 4 star as I'm DISCRIMINATING about being too loose and Jezebel-like with the 5 star allocation,  people. However, I can't take it from the new guys and the new location as they worked it out. A simple question provided me a discount on the price. Didn't need it nor did I require but man it's good to have. Made the vehic good enough for the mother and the cross country trip. Returned from said cross country needing a detail but can only afford a wash and the wash made it pop all over again. I will get the detail at the first snow fall and when the snow stops again. It does make a difference. Accepts cards, has wifi, nicer waiting room than ever before, in a decent location but not much to walk to and hang out but I can get a lot done either place. They still offer UHaul rentals. From my rained out Honda to the Jeep to the 4x2 to the 4x4 to the Commercial Vehicles this place makes Octopus look worse than a student ran car wash. Every nook and cranny is covered and I love it.
<review# 614,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/1/2014,2/11/2014,9,29,,10,5>We live in CG and used to come here often. Their food and service are very inconsistent. I have had excellent meals and not so excellent meals. Same with the service.I have had their steak with the stuffed shrimp on top and it was sensational! Their wood fire pizza is also delicious! Burgers are good too. Their fried pickles are delish but the breeding falls off. We ordered their app sampler once and that was not good at all. It was cold and tasted very processed, definitely frozen. Service is also hit or miss. Our table service has always been good. Bar service is a little different. They have one male bartender that is extremely arrogant and seems to be "above it all". He acts as if he could care less, injects himself into conversations and can be condescending. He does however make great drinks... When he's not chatting up the waitstaff or the attractive single women. That being said, I have never had terrible service or a bad meal here. I will be back. Depending on the night you could have three stars or five stars.
<review# 615,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/15/2013,12/2/2013,95,202,,5,3>This place is located beyond West Towne, on the far west side. It's located in a small strip mall and looks a little shady. There are only two or three tables in this tiny store and looks like it's family run! I arrived there around 8pm, and it seemed like the place was quiet. However, there were a few call ins for pick up while we were waiting. I would say call ahead if you are in a hurry and just come by to pick up. The lady was apologetic for the long wait (20 minutes or so), and even gave me a box of jellies!!! That was very nice of her.I got pad see ew. The most flavorful pad see ew I've ever had! I couldn't stop eating it. I also tried my friend's dishes - thai fried rice and pad thai. Thai fried rice was this amazing tasty chewy rice. I would love to visit this place again if it wasn't so far west, or if they did delivery. I would definitely visit again if I'm at West Towne on a Monday, when Siagon noodles is closed.
<review# 616,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/18/2013,12/1/2013,70,386,4,3,4>Let me say: I HATE to only be able to give a 4 star. I have discriminating tastes. And AWT gets a solid 4.5 stars. Why? Can you offer Sex ed classes? Um, sure. Would you have a teacher available with products to demo to CHILDREN? Why certainly, we have age appropriate content and et al.Here's the keeper: The online store really clearances out the goods. I never thought to ask if I could pick up my online order in the store but I'm sure I could. Tastefully tawdry.Respectfully Raunchy. For all your adult needs minus the kids.
<review# 617,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/28/2013,11/30/2013,37,102,4,11,4>Last Thursday was the most anticipated day for me, after being "rejected" on Wednesday. While the news on Isthmus only stated that this restaurant opens everyday from 11am-11PM, I didn't expect that that they would be on break during 3.30 till 5.30 PM (my Korean friend did tell me about this, as that is how Korean restaurant usually operates in Korea). My other Korean friends have been posting on facebook about the opening of this new restaurant since a couple of weeks ago. For me, it is always a good sign if the native of the food is excited about the restaurant of which they can be the standard of judgement. That night we were so lucky that we got the last seat. It was around 7 PM and the restaurant was full. I guess it was partly due to the number of few seats the restaurant has and also due to the excitement of Madisionian for the new place. Some people after us left as there was not any spot available.About the service, it was pretty quick (as I was told earlier by a friend who came the day before during dinner time that it took her and her boyfriend about 30 minutes to finally devour their toppoki and the cold noodle, but she said it was worth waiting). The waiter was nice and was responsive when I asked her about the menu. My Korean friend of course was speaking about the menu and the order in their native language, which I really love and I enjoyed their conversation so much. So, my bias about the service is already detected.   About the food, we ordered Toppoki, beef Bulgogi and the American-Korean fusion noodle (too bad it's with spam, so I didn't get to taste it, but my Korean friend said it tastes like it's served in Korea and they served it in the pot-  Korean doesn't serve the noodle in the bowl, but it should be in the pot - I learned it from the dramas and my Korean friend confirmed it.). As for the Toppoki, it came in a smaller portion (I'm comparing with the portion served in another Korean restaurant in town) however, it is much tastier and the appearance is more similar with the one that I usually see on Korean dramas I watched (It comes with egg too and that's how it is usually served in Korea). I love their toppoki as it serves my taste bud just right. It may be way too spicy for those who do not like spicy food. The bulgogi which has a variety of meat from beef, chicken, pork and seafood (plus 2 bucks for seafood) is okay. Yeah, too bad I can't give a very good review for this. I may have been too excited for the toppoki, so the taste of the bulgogi doesn't really leave some strong taste. By the way, bulgogi in Korea is always beef, so if you want to taste the "real" bulgogi, just order the beef one, not other meat. The side dishes they provided were cucumber pickles (I'm not a big fan of pickles, but this one is super fresh and good, ask the waitress to give you one, if they don't give you any), the lettuce and green onion which is a great side dish and kimchi which is another average.My overall experience eating here is good and I'll be back. I asked my Korean friend about the food and she said: "The menu is very limited but the ones that we ordered, I can say, are authentic". There you go: a Korean compliments the food at a Korean restaurant.  They need to work on more on the service in general but cut them some slack, as they just opened a week ago.
<review# 618,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/16/2013,11/29/2013,132,340,,3,3>Yum. I had my hater pants on and thought....sliders?  Blah.  Nothing special.  Then I read her menu!  She named her pulled pork sandwich, Wilbur.  It intrigued me.  I ordered the Wilbur and the Superball (a meatball with mozzarella inside).  It comes with a side of your choice.  All of this was only $7 and I could not finish it!  The sliders are not your typical two bite sandwiches.  They are absolutely filling.  The pulled pork was delicious, moist and flavorful.  The meatball was was soft and saucy.  Perfect mini meatball sandwich.  My only complaint was her pasta salad lacked flavor.  It did nothing for the amazing meal.
<review# 619,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,11/28/2013,37,120,7,21,7>Reviews for this joint have been all over the map.  Most people seem to love it, but there are a couple of severe haters.  After my mental compilation of all those Yelpers, I came away with a joint that is the (former) Oysy 2.0.Journey is everything I want from an Asian buffet; well maintained buffet and dining area, friendly & efficient service, massive variety of seafood, fresh sushi, traditional Chinese buffet favorites, a flat top grill, soft serve, Gremlin feet [  see photo for proof (or steroid-aided chickens that were seriously juicing)] and so much more. The 1st thing that nails your noggin in its size.  The  place is massive.  There  are so many buffet stations that it's a bit overwhelming.  You cannot take in everything at once -- if you try, you'll get an internal system error message (like I did).  As soon as I rebooted, I noticed there were two sushi chefs preparing it fresh at the buffet.  I decided to survey the landscape because there are so many options there is NO way to get through everything.  I passed many rows of sushi, sushi appropriate salads, a fresh salad bar, Chinese bakery, cream puffs, soft serve (and ice cream cups) many rows of Chinese dishes with a variety of crab, faux scallops and some imitation crab dishes, a "mostly" fried American buffet area, mediocre looking pizza and a flat top grill with an attending chef.   This place is massive!  Googly moogly.I sampled pretty much everything I could have wanted except I had no room at all for ordering a dish from the flat top grill section.  The sushi... is very good.  There are is a great selection of of sushi.  I had about eight varieties myself including versions of uramaki, nigiri and western style.  Although the pieces were smallish, they were cut adroitly, formed well and tasty.  Of course it's not the primo quality you'll get at 1st rate sushi bars because it's an effin' cheap buffet. The entries and salads, for the most part, featured good ingredients, were well-prepared  and never sat too long.  At many other Asian buffets in the area, dishes like General Tso's chicken become sticky without the fried crunch that fresh versions have.  Not only did their chicken have the perfect texture, all of my pieces were white meat.  A couple entrees and seafood items were a little under-seasoned like the lo-mein and crayfish.  No worries, folks.  Journey includes any kind of sauce you could ever want at this type buffet (at least 20, I believe) and the several I had were exactly what I use at home or prepared perfectly (e.g. the dumpling sauce). I was so ticked I had no room for the flat top grill station, but I couldn't trust my suddenly balloonish belly with another full plate.  Next time.Soft serve and the mini Chinese buffet cake squares were the perfect closer to my fattening feast.  My family, a crew of devil's advocates, were all super duper happy with the meal and agreed that it is unquestionably the best buffet in the Madison area.  We will be going back once every few months.  Service was perfect.  We were seated immediately.  The pleasant server nearly met us at our table.  She came by and stopped several times for immediate dish clearing and beverage refills without any of us even having to ask.  I went to Oysy at least six times when it was open.  It is better than Oysy ever was in every conceivable respect and measure (including the price, strangely enough). There is absolutely nothing wrong with Journey except for their price points.  I have no idea how they can make money charging south of $13 for dinner.  It would be a value at $19.95 per person.Tips:When you are at an Asian buffet and see scallops uniformed size and batter-fried, rest assured they are not real scallops.  Do not expect the crab to be "real" crab meat when it is mixed with cheese and put in a crab shell or in anything that it can be concealed.  It's a "trick" performed at almost every Chinese buffet.
<review# 620,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/16/2013,11/27/2013,15,92,3,3,4>I really enjoyed this visit! It's definitely tucked away in a very unFrench place -- another plaza a la Americana. The inside of the café also felt really "American space trying to be French" so I wasn't expecting much when I walked in, but I shouldn't let looks deceive me. The woman who took our order was French and French speaking; she would repeat your order back to you in French like she was confirming it and assumed you also spoke French. It was cute. She seemed stressed out, though.We ordered cappuccinos, which were delicious. Then we split a tomato basil focaccia. And um, oh my word. The biggest problem? We both put it in our mouths immediately. So stupid. My mouth is still in pain. It was a lot hotter than expected! And doing that odd open-mouthed sort-of breathing-on-it thing DID NOT WORK.We pushed through with a cup of veggie soup -- bland in a lovely way that made me want it next time I was sick and wanted something filling without too much intense flavor. Derek got a salmon tartine then and I got the brie tartine. Extremely filling even though they were a bit small. With the cup of soup, it was the perfect amount. The French understand it all!On our way out, we both ordered some to-go pastries. They didn't make it home.When we visited New Orleans in 2010, I went to a little place in the French Quarter where I had the best almond croissant in the world. It was flakey and warm and buttery with this wonderfully not-too-sweet almond filling.This was not that croissant. BUT ...  in a way, they were not comparable. These croissants weren't exactly flakey, but they were pretty buttery. It gave it this dense texture. Parts were a little crisp, even a little burnt, but it was just fine. Oh I ate it all up! Derek had a Paris-brest, or this hazelnut eclair ... I literally didn't see him take a bite. I handed it to him and it was gone. Haha.I wish it was closer to us, because we'd love to go back. I just hope next time I don't burn my mouth. :(
<review# 621,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/21/2013,11/26/2013,31,64,,3,3>Thank you Corey D. for reminding me to write a review! I've been here a couple of times and it is awesome. Bandung is a GREAT introduction to interesting Asian food. It is a totally friendly environment (and menu) - not intimidating at all. I am a very adventurous eater and even I was like, "what is Indonesian food?" Turns out, it's delicious. I really do feel there is something for everyone here. Honest vegetarian dishes. Some spicy fun stuff if you're feeling brave. And some great standards (fried noodles anyone?). And affordable! Did I mention the "nutty" drinks? Oh yeah, the "nutty" stands for coconut. They were using coconut milk before it was cool! And adding booze!Eat This Food!
<review# 622,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,11/25/2013,18,217,,3,2>This is a really sharp spanky newer cafe on water st in Prairie du Sac.  It is nicely done, comfortable, and has a healthy and fun selection of food, coffee, beverages, and treats.The place was clean, service at the counter was quick, and it was busy when I was there.  I had a pork wrap with mixed greens for lunch.  It was pretty good, but the pork was dry and pretty bland.  Iced tea and lemonade were very good, as was the latte I ordered later in the day.  Definitely will come here again.Hint:  I bet this place is HOPPING during a summer weekend - it's right on the river and has some wonderful looking outdoor seating on a deck overlooking the waterfront.
<review# 623,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/17/2013,11/24/2013,10,25,,4,3>My husband and I have been talking about going to Sala Thai for quite a while now and tonight we finally did. The decor is quirky, adorable and not too noisy. The service was an oonsy bit slow (hence the 4 stars rather than 5), but charming & lovely all at the same time so it balanced out.The food was seriously kick-ass, all around flavorful & perfectly done. We started by sharing the pork pot stickers and a spring roll. The pot stickers were crunchy, but not at all greasy, filled with delicious pork and just the right amount of spices. The spring roll was fresh, clean and crisp with a myriad of textures/flavors. We enjoyed both very much.For entrees, I had the Panang Peek Gai and my husband had Panang with beef. Both were right on point and we fully plan on ordering them again - hopefully very, very soon. The Panang Peek Gai consists of a spicy peanut sauce served over chicken wings stuffed with pork & glass noodle which have been fried to perfection. I LOVED it! So fantastic! My husband's Panang with beef was decadent, just the right amount of heat blended with sweet notes and richness. The beef was tender and every flavor melded together perfectly with after hints of Thai basil. Our server was charming and she was always available for whatever we needed. Great job, Sala Thai! We will be back very soon!!!
<review# 624,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/18/2013,11/23/2013,57,84,2,6,3>What a gem! Thanks fellow Yelpers for the recommendation. My first shot at trying to find a hair stylist was right on the money.Quinley was my hero today as she worked through my ridiculously long hair. So long in fact that she asked me to stand up so she can start trimming the back, which apparently reached down to to my jeans. Who knew. Four inches, trimmed layers, and short bangs later, I was pleased. Especially with the bangs, which I'd been trying to avoid to go back to since I had a botched bang job a few years back. Quinley listened to my concerns, went over the pictures I'd brought with me and honestly told me her opinion, and even agreed to switch up the game plan with my hair when she noticed I wasn't exactly 100% ready for it to be the way it was.Whatever hair products she used on smelled amazing, as other Yelpers have pointed out. I've even caught myself just grabbing a handful and sniffing it. Ha. What I love also is that she never once pushed me to buy any of the products they sold or what she used. She told me what they were and what they were for, but she didn't drop hints for me to buy them. Previous experiences I've had at other salons made me feel really annoyed with the person and didn't want to go back to that place. Aside from her great service, the rest of the place has a good vibe. Everyone seems to be really friendly and hospitable. Definitely coming back here, especially with Quinley knowing how to deal with my hair.
<review# 625,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/20/2013,11/2/2013,47,33,8,9,4>I have never gone to Tipsy and been disappointed, let me just say that. Highlights are as follows:*Pickles. They come with your basket (BASKET BONUS) or you can get them as an appetizer. If you get them as an app, make sure you have a decent size group with you. Or make sure you really like pickles. If you really like pickles, you'll really really like their pickles. Paragraph on pickles complete.*Truffle fries. Melt in your goddamn mouth.*Green goddess dressing. I'd bathe in it if it weren't so humid right now.*Specials. They circulate through some pretty creative, limited-time items on a fairly regular basis and I usually order off that menu. The last couple of munchies I tried on special were Goat Cheese Curds and a Caprese Sandwich. Both were way good and I actually think those Goat Cheese Curds were better than their regular ones. Make 'em permanent, make me happy.
<review# 626,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/3/2013,11/1/2013,16,93,,6,2>On a recent search for a great local indian restaurant we discovered two within a mile of our house...both are great but this one is our new favorite!  Easy to miss from the street, it's worth the search to find.  We have been back twice and service has always been prompt and personable.  The food is equally fantastic!  My husband is a huge fan of their tandori chicken and myself love their mango chicken and chicken tikka masala.  The "dinner for two" is a great deal and a fun way to try a few entrees too.  The naan was also great as well as their lentil soup.  We are looking forward to going back!
<review# 627,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/22/2013,10/31/2013,79,313,,6,4>Tucked in the back of Warner Park, off of Woodward Dr, is a parking lot for Warner Dog Park.  This is definitely one of the best within-Madison dog parks we'v'e been to this summer. People were friendly and definitely seemed interested in letting the dogs play versus some of the other parks where people seem more intent on taking a walk with their dog.  On a Sunday morning (11am) there were plenty of people coming and going; there was no shortage of playmates!There are many fenced-in acres for the dogs to run around and the park is surrounded by trees and pretty prairies which makes it quite scenic.  In addition, there are certainly a few short trails for folks who are more interested in taking a walk around the park.  There also is lake access so for the dogs that like to swim.... get the bathtub/hose ready at home!!  The one downside is that there is no water access / drinking fountain nearby and there did not seem to be a stockpile of water jugs filled up -- be prepared to bring your own water.  All in all, this rates as one of our favs within Madison city limits.
<review# 628,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/19/2013,10/30/2013,9,29,,4,3>Dessert stop on our progressive dinner. We were late and they were supposed to be closed. We stopped in on the slim chance that we could still have dessert. They welcomed us with open arms. Jesse was our server and she was outstanding! I had the salted carmel gelato and it was outstanding! They serve the gelato with coffee over the top and fresh fried doughnuts. It was so delicious, I actually picked up the dish they served it in and drank the melted gelato. Super tacky... I know. You can't help it! My friend had the cheesecake. It was equally delicious. Creamy and sweet with tart raspberries. Jesse was wonderful and was polishing glasses while we were there. I couldn't help notice the care she took. She wanted everything to be perfect for us, her guests. Top notch service!!!!!
<review# 629,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,10/29/2013,10,52,,6,5>Come in and strike up a convo, these folks know meat!  The prices are excellent (beat that dodgy chain across the street, Metcalf'es and the Co-Op) and you can tell these guys really care about their craft.  I love walking in and asking them what i should make for dinner.  The next time you are grocery shopping be sure to plan to stop here for your proteins.  Sure it is another stop, but these guys are pros, the prices are excellent and the quality is unmatched.
<review# 630,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,10/28/2013,1,25,,3,2>Chippy's is a popcorn lover's paradise. When I first went, there was a small variety but everything was fantastic. Since then, the selection has grown drastically and there are some very interesting flavors.  Everything is organized well and there are samples  available if you're unsure of what to choose. My personal favorites have been Rasperry Lemon Shortbread and White Chocolate Oreo.
<review# 631,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/13/2013,10/27/2013,22,79,2,8,3>After watching this space for a year, I had given up on it opening. It was worth the wait.The space has been extensively renovated from the Antojito's El Toril days. And the food is excellent.  I had the Cuban sandwich, the spouse had the veggie. Both came with a cilantro sauce on the side. Both were delicious with a lot of different flavors going on. Our daughter had a steak and tomato dish that she really liked. The waitperson (very knowledgeable) explained that chicken nuggets were coming soon. I said, "The kid doesn't do chicken nuggets. She wants real food." So if you are looking for chicken nuggets for the kids, you may have to wait a bit. We split a custardy dessert that was fabulous to end the meal. I would have given five stars, but the menus at Surco did not have prices on them. To be fair, they are still waiting for those to be printed. We were handed color printouts of a menu and just figured we would be paying lunch prices, since we were there around noon on a Saturday. But when we got the bill, it was clear we were paying for dinner. This is what they plan on doing for Saturday business--a dinner menu all day. I'm not sure I agree with that, but that's where it is right now. Weekdays there will be a lunch menu, and I assume, a corresponding spike in affordability. The east side finally has a Peruvian restaurant. My only caveat is they are waiting on the real menu cards to be printed. Overall, I predict it will become a destination, even if the outside is still a little gritty. It's east side, after all.
<review# 632,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/18/2013,10/26/2013,182,198,4,7,7>A little batch of heaven right here on Willy StreetOver the years, I've never really had a go to bakery in Madison.  Don't get me wrong, I enjoy the doughnuts from Greenbush, the morning buns from Manna (and before that from Oven of Brittany) and cupcakes from Bloom.  But I never had a place to go to get a wide variety of consistently delicious sweet and savory baked goods until Batch Bakehouse swept me off my feet.Things I love: * the vanilla swirl croissant a.k.a. the pastry orgasm.  One bite into the flaky exterior and your eyes will roll back into your head and the satisfied moans of contentment commence. * the salted caramel brownie (see vanilla swirl description) * the passion of the staff members:  I'm always warmly greeted when I walk into the store.  At the old location, they always gave my daughter a free pasty if we showed up around closing time.  Several of my favorite baking classes at Orange Tree Imports were taught by Batch employees.  (If you want to seriously improve your game as a bread baker, sign up for these classes ASAP, don't delay!)  These folks love what they do and it shines through with every item you see in the display. * the freakishly incredible variety of pastries.  Check out the website for a list of what they sell.  Just have a napkin ready to sop up the inevitable drooling that will commence once you start reading that list.Things I don't: * OK, the only thing I can come up with is that I would become more ginormous than Jabba the Hutt if I ate everything that looked good every time I shopped at Batch.  I probably do work out a little harder on days I go to Batch just so I can add an extra item to my shopping list.Giving Batch Bakehouse a five star rating was an absolute no brainer.
<review# 633,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,10/25/2013,18,88,,4,3>Went for dinner the other night. We have found our new gyro restaurant!Hubby & I both ordered gyro. One sammy, one plate. Man, was it good!Took a raspberry fritter home for dessert, and that was great as well.We will definitely be back!
<review# 634,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2013,10/24/2013,204,159,7,4,3>Because I am an adult and not a child (no matter how much I wish the reverse were true), this is a review for Adult Swim. Adult Swim is a great concept. Friday night + booze + puzzles + games + crafts = way too many things I like in one neat little package. They've got some decent beer offerings to boot!Climb on the play structure, construct a giant fort, walk around the rooftop garden, hold a live chicken. That chicken might not be too grateful that you've had too many beers and are contemplating smuggling him out under your jacket, but that's another story.My only qualm with Adult Swim is that I always leave wishing there were just a little bit MORE. Maybe I'm just romanticizing the Children's Museum from my own tottish days, but I think the ratio of cool enticing activities to just standing in a neat space drinking a beer is a bit off. That being said, I like standing in a neat space drinking beer, so I'll be back!
<review# 635,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/1/2012,3/20/2013,65,61,,2,1>An update to my earlier review: I've now been a member at The Studio for about eleven months. I love it. The frequent availability of classes is terrific, the instructors are unique and all wonderful. The staff is warm, friendly, and always remembers your name.More than anything else I have committed to my practice at The Studio because of the quality of the instructors and the beautiful setting.Perhaps best of all is that there are no long-term contracts (three months to start; month to month thereafter). While I have no intention of discontinuing, it is nice to know I am not on the hook for a year at a time.
<review# 636,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/12/2012,3/19/2013,2,17,5,3,5>Spendy, trendy, and crammed like sardines, but oh my gawd, tasty! If the food and drinks weren't so great, I'd give this a 3. If the floor plan was better, I'd give this a 5. My guy and I love sushi, but we also love a sense of tranquility while we enjoy our food. That is why we go to places like this, and not Golden Corral. Speaking of which, I need to get something off my chest:Whoever is responsible for the interior architecture and interior design is very talented and I lovelovelove their "vision"...but they forgot something kind of major: there is just about zero personal space allowed at Muramoto during busy hours. So leave your coat in your car. And your scarf. And if you have social anxiety, well, most places do takeout, right? If you're moderately claustrophobic, visit Muramoto on a weekday as soon as they open, or around 3pm. I personally do not suffer from social anxiety or claustrophobia, but I do enjoy a little personal space when I'm eating an exquisite meal. I'm not exaggerating one bit when I say that you will likely be sitting closer to the stranger next to you than your date. Maybe you enjoy eavesdropping, and I'm not judging you if you're into that, but when I'm out with hubs to celebrate our anniversary, I really don't want to hear my booth buddy's pretentious conversation about the pitiful lack of lentil consumption in America. (Just a quick shout-out to Mr. Lentil, THEY GIVE YOU GAS, that's why they're not more popular in America!)You know what makes an anniversary dinner really romantic? The non-stop action of having the waitstaff's rear in my face while they take Mr. Lentil's order because the tables are too damn close together. So much for wistful, dreamy glances at my amazing husband in the place he took me for our first date. (Seriously, buy me a drink before you wave that rump in my grill! it's okay. My husband's not the jealous type. And I'm not picky. Anything with vodka is fine with me.) I'm also not a fan of having a suitcase-sized "handbag" accented with chains being swung at my head as diners are seated six inches away from me. I know I have boundary issues, but holy crap. It's just uncomfortable, and to me, it defeats the whole point of going out to dinner at a nice place. You might have more elbow room eating at the bar. Of four out of the five visits we've made, it was exactly the same experience...delicious food in an overcrowded, awkward setting. One time we stopped in before the lunch rush, and were blessed with a 4-top table by the windows. I enjoyed that experience a lot, because it was calm and I was able to relax and really savor the meal. I even got to set my purse on an empty chair, rather than keep it in my lap while I ate! I wish it was always like that, but because it's always just hubs & I, we get put in the sardine section. I really love how gluttonous I feel when we order drinks, an appetizer, and then the food arrives, because there is literally NO MORE ROOM on our dinky table. I think my middle school lunch tray was bigger than these tables.A couple other side notes:Even though I'm a DINK, I don't hate kids. I'm quite fond of well-parented little tykes. I even like some of the crazier ones, too. But I'm trying to do you sushi-loving parents a favor here. Do not bring children under 8 to this place. It's not their scene. And don't get me started on the waiting period to get a table there. Oh well, I'm going there anyway. We were once told at 8pm that it would be a two-hour wait  to have dinner. The hours posted said that they closed at ten. I'll admit I only have a Bachelor's degree in ceramics (read: mud), but I can still do Kindergarten math. Clearly the hostess could not. To each their own.You would think after this self-indulgent gripe session that I must be mistaken for giving Muramoto a 4-star rating. Floor plan aside, it's because the food and cocktails are THAT fan-friggin-tastic. The bartenders and sushi chefs are phenomenal. The waitstaff have great suggestions for fresh and new menu additions. I like to let the chefs pick my meal because they know their shit. Get the calamari though, because I believe it's the best in town. They must marinade it in buttermilk for 36 hours before they fry it or something. Either way, I rarely get the same thing twice at Muramoto, but the calamari is the exception. And the sauces that come with it...omfg. If I were on death row, that would be the last thing I ate. When your server asks if you saved room for dessert, don't wimp out. Even if you're stuffed (like a sardine, perhaps?), do yourself a favor and say "Yes, I'd like the green tea crème brûlée". It's not a gigantic portion. Just put it in your mouth and agree with me that it is a great reason for being alive.To sum it up, if you love sushi and cocktails and wine, and you don't mind getting really close and personal really fast with total strangers, you are going to fall in love with this hip and trendy place. Happy dining!
<review# 637,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2013,3/18/2013,2,8,,1,3>Love coming here for brunch! The omelettes and pancakes here are of such high quality.. we lived in SF and Boston prior to moving to Madison and this is on par with brunches we've had there. Our toddler gets up early which suits us well so we can get to Marigold Kitchen before the crowds arrive!
<review# 638,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/11/2013,3/17/2013,47,33,8,4,3>If my slightly odd, grad student TA from a media production class I took in college didn't hang out here so much, I'd probably give this place 5 stars.The bartenders are some of the friendliest I've come across, the establishment is clean and trying less hard to be cool than the people choosing to drink there and they brew a Penguin Pale Ale. Penguins are adorable. If you're riding on the gluten-free bandwagon, One Barrel (1BBL if you're hip) also has a solid selection for you to dabble in. Brunehaut Blonde Ale? Well, blondes do have more fun. Get outta here gluten!Ordered one of the frozen Fraboni's (well, that's a whole other review) pizzas off their food menu the last time I was there and when the bartender placed it in front of my friend and I, our conversation went something like this:[Bartender] See this pizza?[Me] Yes.[Bartender] It looks delicious and it smells even better and you're going to want to eat it the minute I walk away but DON'T. You'll burn your tongue and the rest of your night will be ruined. Give it 5 minutes, trust me.[Me] God bless you.Right out of the oven frozen pizza sauce is straight-up lava.
<review# 639,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,3/16/2013,10,13,,3,2>My friends are regulars at BTP and as such, introduced me to the fact that Big 10 is more than just a great sports bar, they are a great place for food!  I've never had a bad experience with their menu but this Friday was the first time we were there specifically for the fish fry.   The place was packed with the Wisconsin Boys High School Basketball championship games going on at the Kohl's center, even the back bar was open.  Yet we still got a table, we had impeccable service and the food was outstanding.I was with a group of six and we had the shrimp, the blackened baked walleye and the beer battered cod.  Nothing but praises from the group.  I personally had the cod and their batter is mouth watering beer batter at its best.  Not greasy, crispy and just simply delicious.  The onion rings and fries were great too.  BTP will continue to be a favorite of mine for sporting events and just a good quick meal and a drink with friends but now it gets added to the best Fish Fry list as well!
<review# 640,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/16/2012,3/15/2013,20,49,,5,3>I'm sure the group I was with had something to do with it, but I had a ball last night at Porta Alba.  Good wine, good company, courteous service, fantastic pizza, and nomnom deserts.I had the Capricciosa pizza (mushrooms, olives, artichokes) and added prosciutto on top.  I was expecting tiny tiny pieces, but I certainly got my +$2 worth!!  Huge pieces draped over the pizza.  This heavenly creation also cemented my belief that pizza should always have artichokes on them, it is simply sooo good, especially paired with olives and ham.Other people had the mussels and they looked pretty good, though the sauce looked super thick like others have said (just an observation; it's great for mopping up with the flatbread).  For dessert? Chocolate gelato with an espresso shot over it (affogato).  Why get anything else?!
<review# 641,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/11/2013,3/14/2013,1,10,2,6,2>We stopped in this weekend because we've been having trouble with our Aussie's diet. He doesn't care for the food they fed at the shelter (lamb and rice from mounds), nor the kirkland chicken and rice. In addition to not wanting to eat, he has had some gastrointestinal issues on both, and seems to have some allergies that have gotten worse on the chicken and rice (lots of paw chewing and licking). I asked the employee for help, and she did ask for me to wait to check someone out (which I thought was okay). But then she loaded us up with like 5 or 6 different free samples of a variety of foods with different protein sources and some grain free. They had a good selection of grooming stuff and other supplies, but were maybe a bit pricier than like mounds or blain's farm and fleet. But, given how helpful they were, I'd probably spend a bit more to support them.
<review# 642,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/1/2013,3/13/2013,11,32,,4,2>Had the Green Curry and it is hot!!  My sinuses were cleared out by the pepper but it was so good.  Carrot, zucchini, green beans, and bamboo shoots with a large serving of rice and chicken made this dish wonderful.  The tofu, tomato, and chicken in a chicken broth soup preceded the meal with crab rangoons (4 large handmade come on the appetizer menu).  Hot Jasmine tea and water with an ever pleasant orange slice rounded out the meal.  Had leftovers!Update: They no longer accept Credit or Debit cards.  Only cash or check.
<review# 643,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2013,3/12/2013,63,48,,5,4>I love my gym.I love the multiple levels, the friendly front desk staff, the MANY classes offered throughout every day, the hours that are perfect for me, the beautiful yoga studio and amazing instructors.The online services and class registration is so convenient. Their website is pretty great.Sometimes it smells and sometimes treadmills will short, but those things are just occasional.If you really put your mind to it, you can find free or cheap parking within a block or so (and walking is good for you, you're going to the gym!) The parking doesn't really bother me and I'll bike during summer.I do avoid going between 5 and 6pm, which I think contributes to my high opinion :)
<review# 644,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/27/2013,3/11/2013,73,144,,7,2>Overall, an enjoyable dinner in a nice atmosphere.The variety of dinner offerings are quite vast for a rather small menu. Known for dumplings, buns, and ramen, you might have a hard time deciding on which one to choose; so get one of each! That's what we did and were rather pleased. The buns have a pretty weird texture (they look like raw dough?) but are tasty nonetheless.Don't let the grandma's house appearance from the outside fool you. Inside is done up quite nice with orange walls and soft lighting.Oh, and the booze. Although this isn't a place I would come running back for a Friday night out, the lychee saketini was a wonderful compliment to the conglomerate of Asian dishes we ordered. Highly recommend.
<review# 645,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2014,9/11/2014,79,313,4,5,6>A lovely park north west of Madison. It's an enjoyable 25 min drive through rolling farmland. The scenery at the park is idyllic with the hills and lake and mature trees.  The main entrance leads to several hiking trails (dogs are allowed here on-leash).  However, if you are looking for the off-leash dog area you need to go about half a mile or so down the road to another entrance.  (This is also a fishing access point.)We visited during the week and we were pretty much the only ones there.  This was good, because it meant even the anti-social Lola B.Dog got to strut her stuff.  I imagine it may be busier during the weekend, but it's probably more of a place to go to do your own thing versus some of the other parks that are a bit more "social".  One important point: the off-leash area is NOT fenced.  Most of it borders woods, farms, or a lake BUT there is probably about a 50yd stretch of trail between the parking lot and where the trail becomes more protected where you are walking within 20yd of the road.  If your dog is a wanderer you may either a) not want to come here or b) keep them on a leash at least for this part.  Oy, it made me a little nervous. (Can you tell I'm a worry wart?!)  Okay. Now that secret's out.  Anyways, all in all it's a lovely park with grass trails through prairie, there are a few benches along the way, but unfortunately no shade as the park ends at the tree line.
<review# 646,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,4/19/2014,9/10/2014,95,202,1,5,6>Are you looking for a place to hang out and chat with friends? Look no further, after your delicious meals at the capitol, head over to this sleek and comfortable lounge for some drinks and talk. Also, they have many happy hour specials. Snacks are 25% off, and on other days they have other specials!The owner, Many (I'm really sorry if I wrote your name wrongly..), was very kind to let Yelp have its Boozing and Schmoozing event at her lounge. She personally served our group and made sure we had drinks to go around for everyone. According to Many, Opus was the first location for signature/craft cocktails in Madison, in 2000!! isn't that amazing?  I really enjoyed the booths and low lighting. Drinks and good ambience make for great conversations. The snacks seemed rather expensive on the menu, but they were all tasty AND after happy hour discount, we paid only $16 for 5 different appetizers. woohoo. great deal!Snacks:Sweet potato fries - great thickness, not crispy/crunchy fries. I wish there were more! Great sauce to go with fries.Fried cheese - I imagined a slab of grilled cheese look-a-like. But I got SPRING ROLLS! Awesome idea. love the crispiness from the wrap, and chewy texture of the cheeseHummus - wish there were more hummus! There was loads of olive tapenade and a huge roasted garlic. Chips and Dips - one of the most worth it items on the menu. lots of chips with nice ranch like dip.Drinks:Whiskey man - floral, not so sweet drink (although some friends disagree). Quite a strong alcoholic tasteAlana's ruby slippers - love this champagne cocktail. sweet and bubbly and fruity. Definitely my next drink when I visitLady Earl (or something like that from the seasonal specialty cocktails) - not so sweet drink. taste more of the alcohol than anythingLatino Pepino (seasonal specialty) - refreshing and light. not a sweet drink.I won't be here for food, but I'll definitely bring my girls when I want to have some downtime to unwind and chat. Happy hour drinks and snacks are another motivation ;)
<review# 647,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/1/2014,9/9/2014,58,45,3,7,9>I love this place, so comfortable and "real."The hubs and I had the special burger tonight made with Black Earth beef, portobello mushroom, spinach, Swiss cheese and onions carmelized in the Ommegang Glimmerglass beer. Are you kidding me? Who thinks of these combinations? It was SO good!Paul had their "chips" which are their house fries, and I upgraded to the sweet potato fries. I figure I might as well go all the way if I'm going to eat a burger.My husband loves the rotating beer taps and watches their Facebook page for updates. They go through the specials quickly, so stop in within 24 hours of them posting a special beer if you want to be sure  they have a pint for you.They also make a great brandy old fashioned and a hopquila margarita with lemongrass ginger kombucha! Again, so creative!
<review# 648,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/19/2014,9/8/2014,15,27,3,6,5>So, first review of this place! Sweet! Mercado Juarez is just a tiny lil Mexican market up on the northeast side, and is the kind of place where if you blink while driving by, you miss it. It's sandwiched between a laundromat, Culvers, and some hair salon, so don't expect valet service or a red carpet when you see it.I was told about the tacos and tamales they serve here (in the back of the market) so I gave it a whirl. Well, we now call their tacos "bomb ass tacos," and go there every time we are hungover, hungry, or on a day that ends in "y." They have a few different kinds of tacos--steak, carnitas and lengua--all of which are double-wrapped in warmed corn tortillas and topped with cilantro and onions and salsa. These are some serious street tacos, and they are packed full of flavor! Steak is my fav, and then sometimes I'll get a tamale on the side in case I'm feeling frisky. If you check this place out, just plan to pop in, grab a few tacos to go, and head home to eat. You could sit there at one of their plastic tables and watch futbal on a tube tv, but I prefer to put my comfy pants on and indulge without abandon. If you're on the east side and want a quick taco (or three), this is a place to try!
<review# 649,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/27/2014,9/7/2014,31,64,1,4,5>I wish I could give this place 10 stars. We recently had some foodie friends in from Chicago, and they LOVED this place. One of my friends has a nut allergy and she was elated to discover how professionally they handled everything. So well, in fact, she was able to share all of the plates with the group and get a couple of drinks without any concern. Forequarter truly is a gem.
<review# 650,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/19/2014,9/6/2014,21,119,1,9,6>I am always excited to hear about new authentic Chinese restaurants in Mad Town. This did not disappoint. I ordered the Cantonese egg noodles in a spicy broth with streaky pork and wontons. The obvious comparison is Wah Kee Noodle, also on my favorite list.  The noodles are equally good, though I didn't like the broth quite as much as what I've had at WKN. The pork was tasty, but my dining partner had beef--it was better. The wontons were quite different from WKN, but both are delectable. And awesomely delicious chili sauce is present on every table in delightful little tins (you have to ask for it at WKN, but whatevs). I loved the atmosphere of Hong Kong Station, from the tin bar signs and classic movie memorabilia to the ducks hanging in the deli case.  Two thumbs way up. I'll be back.
<review# 651,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/11/2014,9/5/2014,147,332,4,8,6>It's about time I chime in on this kickin' Pub. This is The Pub, done right. It's big, it can handle large groups, the food is excellent and plentiful, happy hour rocks and there are plenty of big screens for viewing whatever sportsball you like. It's so excellent, when my daughter, S.I.L  and grandkids were in town recently, she wanted a brat, he wanted onion rings and the bobs wanted anything fried so ... in we went for an early lunch. They have a great kids menu, one of my 3yo g'kids loves olives and after eating the olives from both Bloody Marys, the waitress brought him a little cup with several more.JBTP is near where I work and many work-related after work get togethers are here. They've never let us down. Note that on Game Days, it's a mob scene but, what isn't on Regent on Game Days.
<review# 652,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/27/2014,9/4/2014,81,80,1,5,5>With all the construction going on this cart can be found on N. Lake St. as you walk towards lake mendota.I've only eaten at this place once so far but I would definitely come back.I got the chicken chili. But by no means is if like any American chili. I would say it is more like a curry. It is in a mild sauce with potatoes and an egg served on the side. There are two sauces that they offer that you can slather over your meal. One is green and made from jalapeños. The other is yellow and I couldn't catch what they said it was made of. But be warned the yellow one is the spicier one! The green jalapeño one is rather mild and less creamy. Both tasty though!
<review# 653,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/21/2014,9/3/2014,49,73,3,6,6>There really isn't much I can say about this place that hasn't been said already, so I mainly just want to reinforce the fact that everyone is right - this place is pretty amazing. On my last visit I ordered a half-rack of ribs, baked beans, vinegar-y coleslaw, and a mac & cheese ball. The ribs were smoky and delicious, the beans were easily the best I have ever had - just tons of flavor with huge chunks of tasty porky goodness, the coleslaw was super fresh with jalapenos that added a nice and spicy bite, and the mac & cheese ball.....my god.......It was one of the greatest appetizers I have ever eaten, and as long as you don't mind the possibility of having your heart slow down and blood thicken as you are eating a giant glob of fried cheese and noodles you really have to try it. It would be great if there was more seating, but I understand that it's not super easy (or affordable) to find a big space for that. You also have to get there early as things like brisket and chicken wings sell out fairly often.
<review# 654,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/28/2014,9/2/2014,9,29,1,4,4>Fantastic beer and food! Saturday night, no wait, not because it's bad but because it's massive! We sat on the large and beautiful patio. Fresh flowers, super clean, truly wonderful! The beers are great. I had the big slick stout, smooth and chocolaty, with hints of coffee. My husband had the unshadowed, more of a wheat beer, fruity, light and refershing. The menu doesn't have many options but it was diverse. There is something for everyone and it's spectacular! I had the Buffalo Chicken. They marinate the chicken in their beer, slather it in buffalo sauce and blue cheese something, fresh greens and an amazing bun. So delicious! My husband had the BBQ pulled pork and immediately smiled with the first bite. The sauce was tangy and sweet, again delicious! Served with chips and salsa. The salsa was also delicious. Our chips were slightly stale but I still hoovered them. Service was good, she was polite but no overly friendly. We had everythìng that we needed but did find ourselves waiting a while for our check after our meal. Nothing major, but we were tired and ready to go home, even laid the card out on the table. She didn't take the card but left to print our bill before taking the card, despite me trying to hand it to her. Again, not a big deal but we were tired and eager to get home.We will be back and I would still recommend this place to anyone.
<review# 655,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/16/2014,3/22/2014,41,78,,6,5>It has been years since I actually ate at the Old Fashioned. Every time I attempt to go there (usually around dinner on a Friday or Saturday evening), the wait is well over an hour and my group doesn't want to wait. I'm sure it's easier to get a table on a week night.I did have a chance to have some drinks at the Old Fashioned one night and was reminded of how much I enjoy stopping there. They've got a pretty impressive beer selection. The evening we went they even had a 3 Sheeps beer - one of my favorite microbrews! They have a good selection of cocktails and of course, make a great old fashioned! My brandy-sour rivaled the ones my husband and I make at home.So no worries, if your dinner plans to eat at the Old Fashioned are thwarted by a long wait, stop back after dinner for drinks!
<review# 656,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/16/2013,3/21/2014,79,313,,5,4>Definitely worth a return trip.  A warm and friendly interior, each table is different, one from the next.  Mismatched chairs and tables, ready to seat two to four to more, seemingly from antique shops all across Wisconsin.  With paper lanterns warmly lit above you, I love how each table makes you feel like you're sitting in someone's cozy kitchen. The menu offered a variety and was fairly priced.  Our server was friendly and attentive.  Food was so-so, but I'd be up for trying again since I really liked the ambiance and energy.  I had the Strata (which was a bit to bread-y for me, but I suppose I should have known better).  We went around 10am on a Sunday and were able to get a table without a problem. By 11am, there were still tables available!  Nice...   The place was definitely family-friendly (translation: NOT quiet) so don't go thinking this is a cafe where you are going to be working on a term paper!  All in all, I'm ready to go back!
<review# 657,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/29/2014,3/20/2014,26,41,,7,5>High Noon Saloon is a great concert venue and all-around hangout bar. The acoustics are great. The acts are ever varying. The beer is cheap. The atmosphere is intimate. I could rave about this place indefinitely. In my mind, it does no wrong.They have events (all based on music) basically every night, so pick your favorite kind of event and enjoy the evening. They have pool tables for fun, a second bar that opens up on more crowded nights, and a deck/loft area that has seating for intimate gatherings. My friends and I personally love to go to the second floor and hang out. Here, you won't bother the more gung-ho concert goers, and you can also share some beers. On the other hand, if you want to get up-close and personal with an artist, the front row is beckoning, and the artists normally stay around afterwards to converse with their fans.Happy hour is a great deal, BOGO for select beers, and the selection isn't too shabby. The music trivia is also a blast.I am constantly keeping tabs on which artists go through the Saloon. They bring a nice assortment of local and non-local acts, and their acoustics are perfect for singer-songwriters trying to get intimate with the crowd. The cover/ticket prices are very reasonable, and a lot of talent definitely comes through their establishment.
<review# 658,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/25/2014,3/19/2014,7,14,,6,4>When you're having such a great meal that, before you know it, you've ordered drinks, an appetizer, dinner, AND dessert, you know you've found a good spot! Ya know sometimes you're feeling a little frugal and order water to drink and choose between an app OR dessert, or forgo both!. With the amazing meal we had at the Free House, I can't imagine skipping one course next time we return! I ordered the Free House old fashioned to start- the Yahara Bay cherry brandy makes it quite delicious and quite strong! Loved the jalapeno poppers for our appetizer-made with fresh, unbreaded jalapenos, so don't touch your eyes after eating! The oven roasted turkey sandwich was mouthwatering, and I think I'll have to make it my go-to order on all future visits! The dessert special that night was pumpkin cheesecake. Homemade and OHSOGOOD! Really looking forward to returning after this miserable winter is over, and enjoying a meal on the outdoor patio!
<review# 659,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/26/2014,3/18/2014,16,71,,8,4>The food is always great at Manna. I've been here a lot, and it's always been delicious. It's a good place to go and eat and catch up with friends.I usually go for brunch, which can get pretty busy. Go-to menu items for me are the El Cubano sandwich, BFW wrap and the breakfast burrito. I've had some scones, pie and other bakery items and they are always fantastic. They also offer some gluten-free items, which is great.The space is large and warm. The staff is very nice and outgoing. The prices are reasonable.  BUT, I do not like how things work since they remodeled. The remodel itself made the space a lot bigger. Fantastic. But before, you could order your food and pay at the counter and then find a seat and your wait for your food. Easy. But now, a host will seat you and give you a table number. Then you have to get up and go order your food at the counter with your number, and then go back and sit down and wait for you food. And then you have to get up again and go pay at the counter. It's a stupid setup, and not nearly as convenient as it was before. Too much running back and forth for the customer.But besides this confusing new setup, the food remains good. Also, I hear they are going to start serving dinner sometime in March!
<review# 660,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/2/2014,3/17/2014,0,15,2,6,5>Go for the burgers, but don't forget to order the curds!I went to grab a good burger with a co-worker who had been told to try it out.  Both of us are new to Madison so when we were craving some grease, we decided to try it out.  The place is a total dive, but I'm a huge fan of WI dives.  It looks like a little bar that belongs in the north woods, not on a Madison street.  It's pretty small, but they cram quite a few people in.  We had to sit at the bar when we showed up because it was pretty busy for lunch.  We ordered some cheese curds as an appetizer and I'm so glad we did.  Incredibly tasty and 'fresh,' and I highly recommend it if you can manage the extra calories.  When the burgers came out, I was quite impressed.  Definitely large, and great bun.  The beef used is incredibly fresh, and mine was cooked medium to perfection with a little bit of pink.  My only complaint was that they could have used more seasoning.  While you can taste the quality of beef, it just seemed to lack spice and salt or something.  But, overall, great burger.  Just a heads up:  even though it has the quality of a dive, I was a little surprised to walk out of there dropping almost $20 for lunch.  And that's without any beer, just soda.  Granted we got the curds, and I had ordered a few extras for my burger, but I was not expecting to spend more than $12-15.
<review# 661,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/9/2014,3/16/2014,225,125,,5,4>The Wife and I decided to try DumplingHaus at Hilldale Mall for dinner last night, a brave decision since I've eaten more than my fair share of dumplings in China and haven't found any quite as good here in the States. Suffice it to say, we were VERY pleased with the experience.Landing somewhere between a fast food restaurant and a sit-down restaurant, the DumplingHaus nevertheless delivers a good experience. Customers order at the counter in the entrance, then find a seat and wait for the staff to bring your food to your table. We were there at 6:30pm, the height of dinner, and only waited about 5 minutes to get a table and another 5 or so to get our food.We shared an order of their Haus Jiao Zi, which are their homemade Beijing-style dumplings. I found them to be delicious -- they reminded me of the best dumplings I've ever had, which I got at a back-alley restaurant in Beijing -- and The Wife's eyes got big when she tasted her first one. I also ordered the Peanut Glazed Noodles (cold, not hot), and they were delicious. The peanut sauce was thick and plentiful, which provided a saucy flavor burst in my mouth. The Wife also ordered the Sesame Noodle Kick, and found the flavors of the sesame sauce, green onions, cilantro, and peanuts to be delicious.All in all, we were very happy, and The Wife is insisting that we need to go back at least once a week to try more of their dishes.
<review# 662,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/9/2014,3/15/2014,1,25,2,6,4>I love supporting local restaurants; the quality of the food is always fantastic, especially when they seem to take a real pride in the quality of their food. Salvatore's food really embodies that and it's a great place for pizza. I ate here on Friday with my husband after work. It was pretty busy, but we got in right before a crowd of people started lining up. We split a garlic bread appetizer which came with buttered sliced bread loaves and a roasted garlic puree served separately. You can do half-and-half orders on pizzas, so we ordered the The Applewood and Farmer John's smoked gouda. The Applewood has apple wood smoked bacon, spinach, and tomatoes and the Smoked Gouda pizza has smoked gouda, caramelized onion, tomatoes, garlic and bacon.  They were also sprinkled with fresh basil; the pizzas were fantastic. I'd highly recommend this place and will be going back again soon.
<review# 663,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/4/2014,3/14/2014,23,53,3,7,6>From the couple times i've been here, I can say that i'm a big fan.  They only serve two dishes:  Dumplings with beef, or dumplings with potatoes.  I think the potato ones are delicious, and my friends who got the beef both loved it.  You can get it plain, or with "The Works" (for no extra charge!), which is yellow curry, sour cream, butter, and chives I believe.  It makes the dumplings taste even better.  Also, these dumplings are cheap:  Only $4.50 for a half order, or $6.50 for a full,.  As a man with a gigantic appetite, I was pretty full after a full order, so they don't skimp on the portions.Paul's is one of my top choices to get lunch in the State St. area, along with a couple of the food carts.  It's because they're one of the only places in the area to serve dumplings, and they do it quite well.
<review# 664,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/15/2014,3/13/2014,14,30,3,7,5>My go-to late night place.When I first was taken here by the boyfriend (a Madison native), I was very hesitant. The inside is nothing special and reminds me of a hospital. You order at the counter and then go sit down. Their service is FAST. I come here regularly now. Great for lunch, dinner, and late night. They do not deliver (the only con), but it is worth coming to. I have never sat on the upstairs patio, but we often sit on the State Street patio in the summertime. These gyros are amazing. Soft, messy, and the sauce is unbelievable. I always can finish mine, even if I am totally full. These gyros are melt-in-your-mouth good. When coming home from the bars we usually get an order of cheese fries, which are gooey and hot and delicious. The nacho cheese is plentiful. I would recommend them.I am originally from the Milwaukee area, and everyone there knows OG. These are better than OG. Seriously.
<review# 665,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/29/2013,11/12/2013,67,136,,4,2>So glad i came here before they move in a few months. Just wanted to be able to say I've been to there original location.Burani - The tanginess of the yogurt really pulled the flavors of the eggplant, tomatoes and beans together. Next time i want to try it with the meat sauce. Feel it would add a  whole extra level of flavor since it's basically sauteed eggplant with a tomato sauce with green beans with the veggie sauce.Chicken salad- fresh crispy lettuce, well seasoned chicken. wish i have ordered extra. Good amount of grilled veggies. The curry cucumber dressing was refreshing but not strong in curry flavor. Good but misleading name.Friendly service, Loved the lighting and atmosphere at night. Hope the new location will keep it going.
<review# 666,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,11/11/2013,126,534,,5,2>Despite having "dumpling" in their name, they do not have dumplings on their menu and it's really quite confusing for people who have never been there. However, they have a drool-worthy menu full of burgers.Aside from the sign informing patrons that they are discouraged to stay for more than an hour when it's busy, I had a great time at DDD. The service was really on point because I went there with my boyfriend on Badger game day. I had the Runnelstone and he had the Toadstool. We also ordered a basket of fries. I wanted my burger medium rare with raw onions instead of grilled and that is exactly what I got. It was delicious and aside from the bun feeling a little flimsy was exactly everything I look for in a burger. Juicy, flavorful patty with slightly melted cheese and plenty of onion. The fries were also perfect. Slight crisp on the outside with just the right amount of salt. I am totally in love with their burgers and might try to eat my way through their menu. Wish me luck.
<review# 667,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,11/10/2013,2,9,,3,2>I moved back to Madison a little over a year ago and have had one of the best meals I've ever had here at Fresco.  We came in Sunday, a little after 5:00, there were just a couple people at the bar so we had our choice of tables.  We got seating with a nice view of their sculpture garden and the capital.  My husband and I got a bottle of red, our friend a bottle of white.  We were impressed with the wine selection and were happy with our choices.  We started out with the Shrimp Diablo.  3 jumbo shrimp came pretty quickly.  The garlic and chilli sauce on top was very delicious as were the shrimp themselves.  Of course we wished there had been more and almost ordered another one, but decided not to since our food would be out soon.  The place filled up pretty fast and seemed full by 6.  Our friend ordered the Short Rib, my husband the Grilled Salmon and I got the Cioppino Pasta.  We all loved our entrees and what we had of each others.  The Pasta had a nice kick to it and was loaded with seafood all of which was cooked to perfection.  It was a huge portion too (I took 1/2 home.)  We kept making a lot of positive noises with each bite of our food.  :)  Since the appetizer and entrees were so good, we had to get dessert.  We split the Buttermilk Beignets and got a side of the Rhubarb Sorbet.  The beignets were to die for, we were so happy with everything that came to our table.In addition to how incredible the food was, the atmosphere was amazing too.  Great views, great lighting, great staff.  This made us so excited for the Madison food scene.  It really is one of the best meals we've ever had and we'll for sure be back.  I would recommend this place to anyone.  Amazing all around. :)
<review# 668,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/13/2013,11/9/2013,37,61,,2,3>The folks at Fanny Garver run a gallery for the right reason: to connect people to art that speaks for them.  Hits: incredibly personable, knowledgeable, and caring people who host a carefully curated collection of diverse pieces.  Misses: n/aHints: take advantage of their connection to artists who live or have lived in the midwest as well as their abillity to move pieces from nationally and internationally collected artists.  Bottomline: a national level gallery on state street.
<review# 669,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/11/2013,11/8/2013,47,169,1,9,6>Sardine is just splendid.  My husband's mother and boyfriend came from across the pond and we decided to celebrate here tonight.  We shared a bottle of wine, had great conversation and slowly filled our bellies with some wonderful French food.  I ordered the salmon with lentils, sautéed spinach, portobello mushrooms, tomatoes, and beurre blanc.  It was exactly what I was looking for.  My husband ordered the evening special of duck confit with cabbage and glazed carrots.  The glazed carrots with this dish will go down as one of the best things I've ever eaten... I felt bad but I stole most of them from him.  Dessert was gorgeous...I had a hazelnut ganache with caramel and it was sinfully delicious.  My mother in law ordered a plum cake with the best roasted almond ice cream.  Our server was fun and made our meal even better....I cannot wait to go back for brunch...and happy hour...and dinner.
<review# 670,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2013,11/7/2013,57,98,,11,6>Today's lunch at Melly's is among the top two meals I've had since moving to Madison. The food is so good, it had to be more than a recipe that made it; nothing but pure wisdom could have produced the 6-7 items we had off the menu so perfectly tender, crispy, juicy, tart, bitter, and sweet. The chicken is available everyday, and was made to order. It came out crispy, piping hot, and seasoned with a bit of sour and salt. I recommend pairing it with the baked beans and potato salad, or whatever Melly recommends. Can't choose which side? They're all delicious. The mixed greens and mac n cheese alongside the rib tips - Thursdays special - were like taking part in a little bit of Americana. The walls are filled with family photos, which is as homey as one can get. The comfort of good food and family vibes feels good for my belly.
<review# 671,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,11/6/2013,0,39,,2,2>usually I eat at a place a few times before writing a review, unless the experience was so bad I know i'll never be going back, but this is an exception. little worried at first about the service; the waitress came over right away for our order and we explained we had never been there before and needed another minute to look at the menu. we then sat for a very long time as she did some cleaning and talked to other employees. however, when she did come back and take our order, everything was fine from that point on. we ordered the beer battered mushrooms for an appetizer. $5.99 for a very large order and some of the mushrooms were huge! cooked perfectly and even my wife loved them because they weren't greasy when you bit into them. she ordered the French dip which she described as ok, nothing special, but i'm only bringing that up to balance out everything else i'm going to write! I had the "roadhouse" burger which comes with aged swiss cheese, caramelized onions, bacon, onion strings and garlic mayo on a toasted onion roll. I had them sub blue cheese for the swiss. I can say without any hesitation this was the best burger I have had anywhere! it's cooked over a wood fired grill, and you can seriously taste the smokiness of the wood, combined with the sharpness of the generous amount of blue cheese, it was like, oh my god, every bite was a religious experience to a burger lover! and they use real blue cheese too, not some crappy dressing. you also get a one-time trip to their "fixin's bar" where there is a small buffet of toppings. I thought my burger was perfect already, but nobody seemed to mind that I still piled up a good amount items on my plate to eat as a side dish! pickles, jalapenos, a delicious jalapeno relish, lettuce, tomato, onions, and other types of peppers and things, to be honest I've forgotten all that was available. they also grind their own black angus beef right there, fresh every day, and you can taste the quality. and the price is more than fair as well, mine was $9.49 with fries and the fixin's bar, which is an average price for a decent burger anywhere you go. the thing is, you pay an average price for a burger that is exceptional! and a fun thing they do is, the kids meals are served in upside-down Frisbees that the kids get to take home!  anytime i'm in the Kenosha area, I know where i'm going to eat! please set up a location closer to Janesville!!
<review# 672,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/27/2013,11/5/2013,7,38,,4,2>Great new restaurant in Sun Prairie.  Cheese plate is wonderful and highly recommended. We also tried the Baked Scallops, Wisconsin Sliders and Steak and Egg.  It was way too much food just for us, but every bite was incredible.   When we go back we will just do a Cheese plate and one other item.  This restaurant transports you to a big city, you don't feel like you're in Sun Prairie but more like Chicago!
<review# 673,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/20/2013,11/4/2013,15,20,,2,2>I got a Groupon for here for my fiancee and mine's anniversary, and we finally were able to get there a month later.  The restaurant was super easy to find and I loved how it was right on the lake.  I spent a lot of time the last few summers in northern WI on a lake, so it was nice to be back on a lake again- brought back good memories!  We did not make a reservation, so it was an hour wait for a table when we arrived.  We hung out in the slightly crowded bar and had a few drinks while we were waiting.  The drinks were good and the bartenders were attentive, so no complaints there!  We were seated at a table that had a great view of the lake.  They had lots of specials going on that night (Friday night fish!), and we started with pepperjack cheese curds.  Delish!  They had a really nice bite at the end of them from the peppers.  I got the blue gill/lake perch combo and my fiancee got the Caribbean salmon.  I know blue gill is a thinner fish, and while my dish was good, there was not a lot of actual fish under the batter.  I got a salad with my fish with a tomato basil vinaigrette, which was surprisingly good and coleslaw which was pretty standard.  The salmon with the Caribbean dipping sauce was fantastic, but the veggies he got as a side was just some steamed broccoli and carrots- not very creative!  Our server was attentive all night, even though the restaurant was super busy all night.  By the time we left, I was very full and satisfied.
<review# 674,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/27/2013,11/3/2013,69,120,1,2,1>I've really never had a bad experience with Glass Nickel. The pizza is always delicious and they have a huge selection of gluten free pizzas to choose from! The variety in types of pizzas you can get here is one of the best parts. I have had the thai pizza and breakfast pizza and both are so delicious. The Breakfast pizza is a fantastic hangover cure! Delivery is pretty fast and it always arrives hot. The price is a bit higher than other chain restaurants (Dominos, Pizza Hut) but if you're looking for a good delivery pizza that's not going to bust your budget, this is the place to go.
<review# 675,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/11/2013,7/2/2013,128,219,,4,3>THE PHO ACCOMPANIMENTS ARE ABUNDANT!Seriously, I'm used to my bean sprouts, cilantro, basil, and limes.  But the amount they give you for pho or another similar dish is insane (in a good way).  Pho is almost always served in a large bowl, but when with such large quantities of edible accoutrements , it's a Super Bowl.The decor is inviting and warm; I do like the hanging wood panels and hanging lights.  The prices are very reasonable ($7 per pho bowl), and they've got a variety of Viet dishes, but at the same time, not so many that you wonder if they can truly do everything well.Service is not particularly notable and can be poky, you will have a lot of different people coming by your table and be serenaded by the sound of an employee pushing a rattling cart of bussed dishes.  Try out some pho with enough chili to make your nose run.  Be prepared to lie down and rest for a while after eating, because you'll be quite full after leaving.
<review# 676,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/25/2013,7/1/2013,265,357,2,6,6>Ha Long Bay intrigued me, and it wasn't just the waiter with unique tats running the length of his arms, nor the floor to ceiling window seating....although that helped....  No, it was the Tom Yum Talay that had my attention.  So I'm in the mood for something spicy, and healing, and Tom Yum provides that medicine... trust...so I ask the waiter to be so kind as to serve me.  And he obliges, and he brings out this generous bowl of soup chock-full with prawn, enormous scallop, mussels, squid, fresh chunks of galangal, ginger, lime leaves, shards of lemon grass, visible red chili slices, and of all things... pineapple?  Can't say I've ever had Tom Yum with pineapple before, was this some kind of fusion joke?...  But screw it, I put heaping spoonfuls into my bowl and delicately slurped..... Wow.... that broth. Enamored...  I could write pages of my infatuation...
<review# 677,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/9/2013,6/30/2013,6,17,,3,2>The Madison City Tins directed us to this quaint spot for Sunday brunch and it was spectacular!  The exec chef was working double time- filling in for an ill server and whipping up phenomenal food.  He recommended dishes and the turned out great!  We each had the spicy tomato soup as a starter along with a bloody mary and blood orange mimosa.  The panko-pecan crusted trout was light yet hearty and the rosemary potatoes were a nice compliment.  The "so many cheeses i forgot all of them" omelet was cooked to perfection and the side salad (with pomegranate seeds, pecans and goat cheese with a hint of lemon) was yummy.  The cafe is located within an artisan space so there is plenty to view before and after the meal.  There is a small patio overlooking a river that would be divine in the summer time.   We will be back for sure!
<review# 678,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/20/2013,6/29/2013,132,340,2,2,3>Ok - so I did it.  I tried Ian's Pizza.  You know what?  It was great.  I was not drunk but definitely tipsy.  Therefore, you can believe that I actually liked the pizza.  I really wanted something meaty and cheese so I went with the  pepperoni and sausage.  It was a bit greasy but nothing terrible.  Definitely late night food.  I wanted an order or breadstick but apparently because they burned all of them, there were none for sale.  Sad.  Very sad.  I really wanted to try them, but c'est la vie.  I will be back again!  My husband got their famous Mac and Cheese pizza.  I did not think it looked that great.  He convinced me to try a bite.  And...WOW!  WHAT?  YES!  It is really good.  I could not believe.  I am a non-believing naysayer.  I ate my words and wish I could eat more of that pizza.  I will go again but there better be breadsticks this time.  Oh-boo, what am I saying?  I will go either way!
<review# 679,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/23/2013,6/28/2013,78,57,4,13,4>5 star update!  This is, so far, my favorite place for tacos in Madison.  If you're looking for tasty, authentic Mexican eats this is the place to get it.  I went back a few times for lunch recently and left super satisfied. Here's how it goes:1) walk in, head straight back and grab a beverage from the cooler.  Mexican coke, anyone? 2) take a seat, any seat. And wait (sometimes a while) 3) place your order.  3 tacos: campechano*,  al pastor and steak4) eat5) pay. 6 bucks. That's some cheap eats, friends. I recommend eating in so you can try their amazing sauces in your tacos. Everything comes out fast, hot and fresh. Everything I've had here has been incredibly tastyService isn't the best, but the food is so tasty that I don't care.  When you're done eating, check out the store.  You'll find some housewares, spices, groceries and even some of the meat you just consumed. Pastor meat, get it. I still need to get out there on the weekend to try their specials.  Barbacoa, pozole, carnitas and chiles rellenos are a few that come to mind.  *the BEST taco in Madison. Chorizo and some crispy steak bits. Do yourself a favor and get this.
<review# 680,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/20/2013,6/27/2013,57,98,3,10,5>This place is so accidental hipster, and defies categorization. Is it a diner? A bakery? An auntie's living room? Let's just say if a donut shop and a small restaurant played Tetris, this would be the result. The eating area is quiet - no music, just the drink cooler humming - and the experience eclectic - mismatched formica tables, plastic cups for water, and tea cups with feet for the Turkish coffee. The Turkish coffee was weaker than expected, but wonderfully aromatized with cardamom. There was so much food my eyes pin-balled for a minute. The red lentil soup made with sprouted lentils came in a bowl - a real bowl, not a cup-sized bowl. We also had the gyro plate which was satisfying, and mousaka entree which was like an eggplant, potato, and tomato casserole over yellow rice. By itself, the mousaka would last me two additional meals. We couldn't resist the Boston creme donut, which turned out to be the best I've had in Madison, and a gigantic cinnamon roll fritter. Plus the two coffees, the total came out to be $25 (!!) and some change. The service is a relaxed pace, but the owners were charming and seemed to enjoy us enjoying their food. My five-star ratings often depend on how likely and how often I would return, and this place definitely makes the twice-a-month cut.
<review# 681,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2011,6/26/2013,2,12,,2,4>There are a few places in Madison that have dishes that I crave. The ramen at Umami is one of them. Order a spicy bomb for a kick. The dumplings are fantastic, too. Try the cocktail with Maker's Mark and green tea. I forget the name, but it's a really nice combo.
<review# 682,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,6/25/2013,47,169,,4,3>I moved literally 2 doors away from 4&20 and my only complaint is that it closes too early (2 pm)!  I feel pretty lucky that a place with friendly staff and food that is fresh and simple yet unique!   I came here once before I moved to Madison and it was great then.  Today I had the squash, mozzarella, eggplant and arugula sandwich, a piece  berry pie and a chocolate chip cookie...yes, I am full!   My Dad, who is not a café/sandwich eater type had no idea what anything was on the menu......but he later told me that he had one of the best sandwiches of his life. Now that's a compliment!
<review# 683,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/16/2013,6/24/2013,28,20,1,4,4>As a non-UW student, I can only really speak for the Terrace, but it has never ceased to amaze me, both in its simplicity and the joy that can be derived from experiencing a sunny afternoon/evening on this beautiful lakefront locale.It's a must-see for UW visitors, Madison tourists, students, young professionals, families, ANYONE. I don't understand the person that said that you shouldn't come here if you're over 30 -- one of my favorite things about the Terrace is the variety of people you see. On the one hand, you have the college student/young professionals, there for the delicious pitchers of beer and the beautiful views; on the other, you have toddlers there for the ice cream and the fun chairs. (OKAY EVERYONE'S THERE FOR THE FUN CHAIRS)I can't stop raving about this place to friends that visit or guests that stay at the hotel I work at. There's something magical about being daytime drunk. Throw in (frequent) live music, a killer vibe, and super delicious ice cream, and you have a recipe for an amazing day.
<review# 684,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2013,6/23/2013,122,125,1,2,1>Come here for a cheap long island and a basket of cajun fries during happy hour on Friday afternoon after a long week in lab! You'll feel right at home amongst other lab rats doing the same.This is the go-to bar for most grad students, post-docs, and faculty in the science departments due to its proximity to most of the buildings that we work in. It has a fun atmosphere, the service is pretty good, and the food is decent compared to other options in the vicinity.The Library offers decent bar food, a reasonable selection of beers on tap, pretty good coffee, and cheap happy hour specials. The people who work here really know the clientele, which makes for a fun and comfortable environment. The place gets pretty crowded during happy hour and lunch, but just hang around for a bit and you'll be able to snag a table pretty quickly. This is also a good place to get your sports fix...lots of TVs and they'll gladly accomodate requests for certain games if you ask.
<review# 685,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/7/2013,12/12/2013,158,144,5,8,6>Amazeballs custom cupcakes!Ordered custom cupcakes and blew away my expectations.  Amazing!Easy to work with for custom orders.  My client nearly peed in their pants and didn't' want to eat them they were so perfect and pretty.  Daisy Cafe and cupcakery is now on speed dial (that is if I still had a phone like that).I need to get back over there to actually sit down, enjoy the coffee, other foods and I heard their bloody mary's might shame your mother.
<review# 686,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/30/2013,12/11/2013,2,7,1,10,6>I've gotta say, I'm really happy about this place.  I'm a Mexican guy from SoCal, who's also spent a bunch of time in San Diego, so I've seen my share of taquerias.  This place, though not world class, does several things right.First of all, the service here is good. It's easy to get neglected/ignored in some taquerias - it just part of the deal.  Second, and this is big for me, the refried beans are very good. Most places don't get them right, but these are excellent. I had the carnitas (fried pork roast)  plate. The carnitas were moist and tender and not fatty at all. My wife had tacos which were meaty and tasty (and cheap).  The asada was solid. The real winner was our teenage son, who had the suizo burrito.  It's a gigantic burrito stuffed with meat, beans and rice (but mostly meat) smothered in cheese sauce and sour cream.  Kind of like a mammoth Mexican cheesesteak. It even had more cheese inside of it.  He was giddy. He went into a crazed feeding frenzy and said it was one the best things ever.  They also had horchata, a creamy rice drink, which is delicious and not all places have it.I rate restaurants by whether I'd go there if they were in L.A.  I wouldn't drive very far to get to El Jalapeño in L.A., but now I live in Madison. I may go again tomorrow.
<review# 687,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/11/2013,12/10/2013,21,119,,2,3>Went here with my sister to celebrate her new job back in mid-June. We started with the sausage, mushroom, and pepperoni flat bread, which was superb, but we had half of it boxed up (eaten for breakfast the next morning--mmm) because we wanted to try a few more dishes.  Next we tried the portobello ravioli--just fantastic.  Umami-licious, with a delectable sauce.  We also had the lamb, which was served on a jalapeño polenta cake with mirapoix.  Just delicious.  So, in short, angel choirs were singing. We will be back.
<review# 688,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/2/2013,12/9/2013,15,12,,4,4>Looking for a slightly upscale, perfect for a date night, somewhat lounge-y and yet romantic restaurant? Look no further than Johnny's Italian Steakhouse.I love a good steak house and this place is no exception, the menu is typical for a steak house but with an Italian flair. Add in the Rat Pack influences: huge martini list, music, and artwork. This place is just something really special.I loved dinner here so much that I think I'll need to heed other reviewers advice and stop in for Sunday brunch next time!
<review# 689,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/16/2013,12/8/2013,25,76,,3,4>Presenting a summary of my feelings during my first visit to Lao Laan-Xang:1. "Wow, this waiting area is REALLY tiny...we are literally standing right behind the door."2. "Holy options, Batman, this is awesome."3. "Huh, never tried pork egg rolls in sweet & sour sauce befo--omg, I will never eat a pork egg roll without sweet & sour sauce again."Then I ate my sweet & sour chicken (amazing) and two bowls of white rice. Now I want to go back immediately and try the crab rangoon, pineapple and/or mango curry, and fried rice.In sum: I'm so glad I tried this place. I especially love that you can customize your spiciness, and that the star levels are very accurate. I'm a total wimp about spicy food, and my two-star ("Careful") chicken had a little bit of kick, but was very tolerable. Our server was great too, super friendly and attentive. The food is very high quality, and very authentic. So good.
<review# 690,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/27/2013,12/7/2013,7,59,,6,7>Love this place.  I have been searching for somewhere that made pies as good as my dad's and these people nailed it.  For me it is all in the crust and their crust is very flaky.  We stopped in on a Saturday and the shop is cute and cozy.  Just a little random trivia...it used to be a barbershop years ago.  I had a sweet potato cardamom tart and took a Fall Apple tart home with me.  Both were delicious.  I will definitely go back to try the savory pies, but I have found my new go to place for pie when the craving hits.
<review# 691,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,12/6/2013,85,196,4,5,3>My (abbreviated) guide to happiness:1)  Order the half and half (while the beef filled are better than the potato, they go great together)2) Be sure to order them with "the works". Who knew this mixture of curry, cilantro, sweet chili sauce, and a side of sour cream could taste this good?3)  When you get to the table, grab the delicious hot sauce bottle and give a couple of squeezes.  Eat4)  Leave happy
<review# 692,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2013,12/5/2013,137,133,10,8,7>Pho Nam must be short for pho-nam-men-nal! Oh no she didn't! Oh yes I did!  I was here for lunch today and it was so good!  Though my visit was around lunch time this place was pretty empty which I would generally take as a bad sign but the glowing reviews this place has let me know that I should not judge a book by its cover. The restaurant is large, clean, and bright; it's sometimes hard to get all three of these things with a restaurant.  The hostess was pleasant as well.  She was very attentive and sweet.  I ordered the combination fried rice and my guest the spring roll and a noodle dish.  We both really enjoyed our dishes. I asked for my rice to have an extra bit of kick to it and I was not dissapointed. The portions at this place are also really large.  I pretty much stuffed my face and looked down and realized that I had barely made a dent in my lunch.  You know what I call that?  Lunch for tomorrow! Hey!Yes, I love this place and I will certainly be back!
<review# 693,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/1/2013,12/4/2013,42,57,,5,3>I have to admit, I never really got the hype about falafel until today. It's always been mediocre in my opinion. So when I heard all about banzo and the hype around it, it wasn't my first food cart of choice. Which makes me sad. Because today's f-bomb was f-bomb drop worthy amazing. It's a great combination of falafel AND chicken, so you don't have to fully commit to the falafel. The pickles, the yogurt sauce and the hot sauce... all intertwined with the salad, chicken and falafel... wow. Get it. Please get it. The full portion left a very hungry me perfectly satisfied. Not to full, yet not still hungry. Lunch nirvana.Also to note, if you don't dig spicy, lay off the hot sauce. It can be overwhelming if you don't dig spicy.
<review# 694,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/10/2013,12/3/2013,40,91,,4,3>It is Ian's Pizza!!!!! If your any where near downtown Madison and hungry the decision to eat here should be simple. So many unique pizza choices, so little time. I think once you have that first taste, and the perfect little crispy crunch of the dough, you will be hooked. I feel like the numerous times I ate here, I have never been let down. And who knew? Pizza is great sober for lunch from Ian's as well!!!!! I confess, Ian's is a go to late night joint, but I have recently found out that it is awesome for lunch as well. I'm pretty sure by now their Mac n' cheese is world famous. There is just nothing like it. Pure awesomeness. Take a walk on the wild side and hit up some Pork and Beans pizza or some Fritos pie! I'm getting hungry just thinking about it. Ahhhh Ian's, you had me at hello!
<review# 695,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/19/2014,10/1/2014,96,21,15,12,11>This place. Wisconsin will never get it. I don't even think Tory really gets it. Solving the Asian American in the Midwest problem is a PhD thesis. Any Asians bent on developing their culture are on the coasts or in a big city. There are not enough of us cheerleading the culture, and our learned Midwestern hospitality doesn't help the cause. Being out in Madison and looking for Asian food is like being out in the wild west looking for a philharmonic orchestra. Even us real, authentic, grown-in-an-Asian-home slant eyes don't get it because we grew up on our own mothers' food, and "my mom's is better than your mom's." Don't get me started on all of us being lumped together despite not knowing much outside of our parents' border designations...But that's why it's so amazing that this dude who grew up in an American home in Racine is making what is, essentially, the most interesting Asian food in the city.So. In order to get the most out of Sujeo do something like this: eat here; talk about the food; go to Ha Long Bay and Saigon Noodles; compare the pho; hit up Hong Kong Cafe and Jade Garden; post a funny story about making fried rice; ask Shinji to make more ramen at Muramoto; have some steam buns at Graze and have some steam buns at Umami; post a picture on instagram; comment on your friends' pictures; develop an opinion (my favorite joint is Wasabi); hit up Hong Kong Station or Ichiban or Fugu; then go to Chicago, eat at Fat Rice, drink a lot, crash, and wake up to dim sum at Phoenix.And bring me along.***If all you want is to know what to get to be safe at the scary foreign restaurant: Khao Soi is loud and flavorful and familiar to Thai curry fans. The Shio Ramen is really well executed, rich, and contemplative. Chili Crab is hard to eat on dates (which can be impressive to the sexiest of ladies). The KBC (Korean Broasted Chicken) and the General Tso Chicken Livers are both hip and accessible. Japchae and, I've heard, the BBQ Pan Fry are both accessible but less hip. Also, get the soft serve.
<review# 696,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/26/2014,9/30/2014,86,145,2,6,3>Wow, where to start? I happened to be in Stoughton for Wendigo's (public) opening day and I will certainly return just for another meal! I ordered the Carnivore burger because, well, my friend had already heard of it. So without really knowing what it was, I threw caution aside and ordered it. That burger was huge (and messy)! Apparently it had 4, maybe 5 different meats in that patty... Meat inside of meat! Not for the faint of heart! It's 4 hours later and I still can't think to eat anything else, still too full.My friend let me try one of her sweet corn cobs (unfortunately I can't recall the menu name), but it had a (slightly spicy) sauce on it (sauce on corn, I never would have thought...) and it was delicious! Great as a lunch or appetizer!The staff was friendly and knowledgeable. Each one having tasted menu items, they were able to rave about our selections to get us even more excited. Even the bartender mentioned how he couldn't wait to have some of the food for dinner later. Another nice touch is that they bring water to every table and leave you with a large (and classy) bottle of water so you're never without! They also have a good alcohol selection (just saying).Can't wait to go back, also interested to go back in a few months after word spreads of this great new addition to Stoughton! Definitely worth the drive from Madison.
<review# 697,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,9/29/2014,84,275,1,5,7>Very good Thai food here.I tried some of the apps and then had the green curry. Papaya salad and the sun dried beef were the appetizers that stood out. Papaya salad was fresh and tangy and just spicy enough without being overwhelming. I Was surprised by the lack of fish sauce, which instead I have seen in many traditional Thai places (including in Thailand). I have to say, I like this departure from tradition. Makes the salad more palatable for me. Sun died beef was just good food. Chewy and sweet and salty and generally good.The green curry was delicious! Layer on layer of flavor and a spiciness that slowly builds up, while not overpowering the aromatic flavor of the Thai basil. I would recommend extra rice and a friend to share the pretty generous serving of curry.My only complaint is that they did not have any Asian/Thai beer, only craft US bier. I realize this might be a plus to many, but craft beer to me are just not that good: way too heavy and often very flat.Service was very friendly: both the chef and the manager are very cheerful and their passion for the food shines through when they talk to customers.Will be back for more thai!
<review# 698,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/23/2014,9/28/2014,21,60,1,4,4>Highlights/lowlights1) really friendly service2) outdoor seating available3) good food4) gluten free friendlyMy friend and I ate at Bonfyre on a weeknight with a really nice weather. We asked to be seated outside and we were seated immediately.Our server got us waters right away and answered all of my gluten free questions about the menu. Our server was super nice and really helpful! The menu has a wide variety of dishes from a cheese fondue appetizer to flatbread pizzas, a salmon burger, or jambalaya (which we got!). The gluten free and vegetarian options on the menu are clearly labeled. My friend got the cheese fondue appetizer which was served with bread, chicken and fruit. It looked really good and the server made sure the candle warming the dip was always lit so the cheese would stay warm. My jambalaya (gluten free!) came about 10 minutes later and it looked and tasted great! The shrimp, sausage and chicken were cooked well and the portion was big enough for my dinner and a big lunch the next day. Only downside is the restaurant is right off the beltline so if you are sitting outside the view isn't awesome and you can hear all of the traffic passing by.We will definitely be back at Bonfyre to try some other menu items!
<review# 699,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/20/2014,9/27/2014,33,65,1,3,2>I've been to la tienda y la taqueria a few times now. The tacos are a must, along with the Mexican cokes and futbol jerseys. On my most recent visit, I was surprised to see they've expanded the dining room and added a bar. Unfortunately it was a work lunch, my name isn't Corey and I don't work for Yelp, so trying the micheladas isn't part of my job. Bummer. However, the torta milanesa was nonetheless intoxicating, beyond its bigger-than-my-face size and onto its tender, breaded and seasoned chicken, fresh avocados and tomatoes and lightly toasted roll. Perfect food-coma lunch. Probably a good thing I couldn't have that michelada after all. Go at a time you can get both.
<review# 700,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/6/2014,9/26/2014,122,125,2,7,7>Sal's is by no means a convenient place for us to go (30-40 min drive each way), but I am very happy to report that it is worth the trip. The place is small but still seats a decent amount of people. We loved the food and the service, and the Square checkout is great. Email receipts = no more purse clutter and more trees!We ordered the Farmer's market vegetable antipasto and a pizza that was half Terrence's favorite (red bell pepper, sausage, caramelized shallots, mozzarella, goat cheese) and half Fat Uncle Tony (sausage, pepperoni, Nueske's smoked bacon). I was super impressed by the size of the antipasto as well as the variety of veggies on the large wood board it came on! There was a sampling of greens, pickled veggies, garlic scapes, housemade crostini and a delicious white bean puree that tasted just like my favorite cannellini bean soup. The pizza was unique and really excellent. The sauce was swirled on the pizza (see other people's pictures), and that helped showcase the toppings in a way that having sauce under the cheese cannot. My favorite was the Terrence's, the caramelized shallots and goat cheese really hit the spot for me. That being said, the Fat Uncle Tony was also really tasty. I especially liked the smokiness from the bacon.Our waitress was super nice and very helpful, and she checked on us often even though they were pretty busy while we were there. We really enjoyed our visit and look forward to returning to Sun Prairie to explore more of Sal's menu!
<review# 701,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/11/2014,9/25/2014,67,48,2,6,6>First thing I love about Cupcakes-A-Go-Go?? They are open until EIGHT on the weekends. This is perfect for all those late night cupcake cravings.  Well, maybe eight is only late if you are the mother of three small children. So yes...let me rephrase...this is perfect for all those mid-evening cupcake cravings!We stopped by Cupcakes-A-Go-Go last Saturday night about about 7:40 and they had a plethora of available flavors. To me this is good AND bad.  Good, because it means that there is more for me to choose from. Bad because it means they are clearly not the type of shop that makes all their cupcakes fresh in the morning and keep them out until they sell out.  It makes me wonder, on the average, how long they DO sit out - are most made the day of? Just wondering...As for the cupcakes themselves, well, I will review each one individually because I feel like they were all pretty different.  Here is the order I tried them. (For the record, I did not eat these all myself, I did share...a little.) ;)1. Mint Oreo: This was the first one I tried, and I was very impressed. The cake was moist and dense with excellent flavor. The frosting was their "traditional" cream cheese based frosting (which I know only from reading other Yelp reviews) and it fit the cupcake well. It was also thick and dense and complimented the cake perfectly. This one was great. :)2. Lemon Meringue: I was expecting a nice zesty lemon cupcake. I was disappointed. The cake was a bit dry and the flavor just so-so. The meringue frosting tasted fine. I was pretty underwhelmed.3. Peanut Butter Cookie Dough: I was SO excited for this cupcake. I was SO let down. The cake was very, very dry.  The chunk of cookie dough in the middle was hard. The frosting was the cream cheese based frosting again, which just didn't fit with the rest of it. It did not feel like a cohesive dessert.  None of worked together. It was not good. Bummer.4. Black Forest: First of all - this cupcake looked incredible. It was like the picture-perfect cupcake with it's chocolate cake, white whipped frosting, and a cherry on top. And, I'm happy to report that it tasted even better than it looked!! The cake was just right - sweet, moist, melted in my mouth.  The cherries were tasty and didn't feel like they came from a can. The whipped topping was just like grandma makes - not super sweet and made of fresh whipping cream. The entire thing my my trip to Cupcakes-A-Go-Go worth it.  THIS is what I hoped all my cupcakes would be.I also purchased a Strawberries and Cream cupcake and a German Chocolate cupcake, but I was far too generous and gave those to my in-laws. What was I thinking?!  Part of me wants to give this place 3 stars - because only half of the cupcakes I tried were awesome - one was the opposite of awesome.  However, I think I will go with 4.  Really good, but could use some improvements.  I have now am halfway to a free cupcake (Buy 12 get one free - which is great because you don't have to buy all 12 at one time!), so I will definitely be back to try some more. Hopefully the next ones will wow me and force me to add that last star!
<review# 702,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,9/24/2014,14,19,2,2,2>I was so skeptical of this place, honestly.  But after three very very tasty orders, I have to say that it's a great place.  The people behind the counter are great, the portions are very large, and, most importantly, the food is just good.My favorite so far is the house special fried rice.  A nice medium spice, lots of ingredients... I just can't stop eating it. When you call for pick up it's just.... "ten minutes!"
<review# 703,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,9/23/2014,4,10,,2,3>We found ourselves in Stoughton & decided to give Famous Yeti's a try. So glad we did! The food was fantastic!! We ordered a small Marco Polo salad & a 10" Spaghetti Yeti for the two of us. We had plenty of leftovers! The salad was amazing, a small would be a meal in itself but we shared. The pizza was perfect. The sauce had a slight spicy kick to it and the crust was excellent. I highly recommend giving this place a try. Well worth the drive if you live in Madison.
<review# 704,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/6/2014,9/22/2014,8,14,5,7,5>Yet another restaurant I wish I had visited earlier but didn't because of the 3.5 star rating, which was lower than many of the other Mexican options in the area. For the purposes of this review, not coming here sooner was probably a good thing because I have the opportunity to try all of those higher rated places and this place in comparison comes out on top with a solid 5 stars. While this was only my first time here, I came here with a party of 10 and not one of us was not satisfied with our meals, so I would reconsider some of the poor ratings on here before writing this place off. Not only was the food inexpensive, but the portions were HUGE. In addition, the service was extremely quick. I drink a ton of water at dinners and I did not find myself empty once between their four refills. They even start you off with free nachos and salsa, which they refill before you are even finished if you would like more. Finally, on more of an aside but still related, I also liked that they give you boxes to package leftovers yourself rather than bring it to the back to do it for you, since I've read that that process can be unsanitary at times. Again, just a super nitpicky detail that I personally appreciated.
<review# 705,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/10/2012,11/17/2012,138,29,,2,2>Showed up at my son's parent-teacher conference the other day with the following four sublime gourmet cupcakes from Daisy Cafe & Cupcakery: 1) Chocolate cake with Raspberry buttercream frosting, 2) Lemon cake with Blueberry buttercream frosting, 3) Red Velvet cake with Cream Cheese frosting, and 4) Gingerbread cake with Lemon buttercream frosting. (The super helpful gentleman at the checkout counter patiently advised this gourmet cupcake novice, then labelled each one so we'd be sure to know what we were eating.) I'm pretty sure my son's teacher thought she'd died and gone to heaven! With this place I'll probably never bake another birthday cake. After all, variety is the spice of life and this place has got it! Be sure to try the pie-inspired cupcakes, too. Once you get over the fact that the cupcakes look too good to eat, you'll simply be amazed at the way the buttercream frosting melts in your mouth!
<review# 706,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/11/2012,11/16/2012,0,13,3,5,3>Family breakfast and all were pleased. So while the menu seems a little limited, we all found something to enjoy. Some may complain (as my teenager did) that there's not enough food on the plate. I think this should be the new normal - good, thoughtfully sourced food served really well with just a fruit side. Because that's all there was my son even ate the orange! Yeah, healthy, no waste, and not gut busting big. Staff was great and very kind when our 7 year old spilled her hot chocolate, they cleaned up without complaint and even gave her a new hot chocolate. No tears.Seating is limited as others noted but space is warm and friendly. Outside seating could be great.
<review# 707,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,11/15/2012,128,219,,4,2>Very good drink menu if you enjoy fruity drinks (margaritas and variations thereof).  I had some variation on a margarita and really enjoyed it, and the house margarita is good too.  The chips are particularly good, nice and warm, and the house salsa did taste fresh.  We also ordered guacamole, which always makes me a little nervous because some restaurants try to skimp on using avocados in their guac.  Fortunately, the guac was avocado-y and tasty. Server was super attentive despite that we only ordered drinks and guacamole.  Overall, I would probably go here again for drinks and appetizers; not yet convinced about the entrees given that it's owned by the same folks as the now defunct Frida's. However, I have read that the owners pledged they would use more fresh ingredients than they did at Frida's, so it might be worth trying the dinner some day.Margaritas are 99cents on Tuesdays!
<review# 708,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/25/2012,11/14/2012,78,57,,4,2>Having eaten (late night) at Los Gemelos on Gilman more times than I'd care to admit, I was really looking forward to coming out here.This location - not the easiest place to find - is tucked away in a strip mall off Odana Road, in the back of a little grocery store.  I didn't have much time to look around, but they had a meat counter with fresh and prepared goods as well as a decent selection of some other essentials.Anyway, on to the food. On my first visit, I was pretty sure that I had the best steak taco in Madison.  Since I was only pretty sure, I went back.  It was definitely the best steak taco in Madison and the pastor taco ranks a close second.  The prices are super reasonable, as any taqueria should be.  I noticed that they have some Sunday specials and I'm super pumped to go back and try those.
<review# 709,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/2/2012,11/13/2012,4,16,2,3,3>BEST PLACE EVER!!!! I seriously try to come here every week, if not more now. Even if I live half and hour away. This place is like a step into the 80s. Decorated neatly, and then when you step into the retro-arcade room you just get a great feeling. Tons of retro machines, where most of them are in good working order. Best of all, most machines are the old 25¢ a play! Another great thing is, the pizza is really good too! Pretty much a perfect place. I mean, the building isnt new or anything, and the bathrooms arn't the cleanest (though, they have a whiteboard inside both of the restrooms where you can draw on and do whatever) its nothing to keep me from coming back to this place! Just love seeing a thriving retro arcade, and wish the best of luck to this place and hope is prospers!
<review# 710,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/8/2012,11/12/2012,4,22,,3,4>This is absolutely the best MetaFabulus store in Madison. The space has an amazingly blissful happy feeling and they always have a vast variety of merchandise. If I need a gift for someone it is the first place I go to and I rarely need to go anywhere else. They also offer wonderful classes and have the best readers, seers, and healers in town. The staff and owners always make me feel welcome and appreciated. You can feel the heart chakra of the store beaming for miles.
<review# 711,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,11/11/2012,67,136,2,3,4>Modern/earth tones with excellent lighting.At first I thought the service was off. Put after leaving realized they closed at 9pm ( thought 10) We arrived at 8:30 and didn't leave till 9:20. Oops our bad. THat being said they gave us time to look over the menu. Checked on us though out. Food came out fast with a good time between getting appetizers and entrees. At they end they were pushy. Thats when I saw no one else in the place and wandered when they closed. They never told us they were closing soon.The Lotus salad was nothing special. On the blah side without drenching it in the house dressing (a mixture of vinegar, fish sauce, sugar & hot pepper).I've never had Pho before. Since hearing good things about this place thought this was a good place to start. Got the Deluxe in the large size. Huge with a good ratio of broth to items in it. Big on flavor but I put a lot of chili sauce in it cause I lot things spicy. Couldn't stop slurping(a sign in other countries that you like it, put considered rude here). It's only the beginning of Pho season. Well see hot Saigon Noodles stands at the end of the season thou.
<review# 712,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/22/2012,11/10/2012,10,18,,2,2>great food.  nice bevs.  cute decor.  awesome patio.perfect tourist stop in a cute swiss town.  offers live music regularly, though the intimate setting can make it a bit crowded.  arrive early if you want a seat (or view of the band) on music nights in winter - in the summer, the music on the patio is top-notch.  def worth the short drive out of madison.
<review# 713,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/13/2012,11/9/2012,7,19,,3,2>Our server at Merchant was excellent.  She made very good recommendations for the cocktails.  We had fried cheese curds for the appetizer.  I have not had fried cheese curds before, so I have nothing to compare it to, but these were pretty good if you like that kind of thing.  I ordered the burger and requested that it be cooked rare.  When it came, however, it was cooked well done....real disappointed.  We told the server and she was extremely gracious about the error and took it back right away.  I was given a house salad (really tasty) while I waited.  I can't complain about the accommodations that were made for the error on my order, it is just an awkward situation when you get your meal after everyone at your table is already done eating!  Everyone else I was with really enjoyed their food and got what they wanted!  I would try Merchant again, this particular trip just didn't blow me away.   The atmosphere is cool and my burger was excellent the second time around!
<review# 714,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,11/3/2012,11/8/2012,7,33,,3,1>I live above 8 Seasons so I am a frequent patron.We usually come down on Saturday or Sunday for brunch.  The prices are very reasonable, and the food is delicious.  The only menu item that I must complain about are the hash browns.  When I order something like an omelet, I really want an accompanying dish.  The only thing that qualifies are the hash browns, so I repeatedly order them hoping that one day they will come out decent but every time they are burnt and BLAND.  I might be able to handle one of these negative qualities, but combined they make the dish hard to eat.  PLEASE do something to spice up your hash browns, and tell the cook that she needs to work on correct cooking times.Back to some positives - the blood orange mimosa is awesome (And pretty stiff).  The coffee is great.  I've only been to dinner 2 or 3 times.  It's much more expensive than the brunch, but everything that I've had has been delicious.  The pork schnitzel is fantastic, as are the bacon-wrapped scallops.  I also like that they switch the menu multiple times per year so there are constantly new dishes to try.The service is mostly good.  We usually have the same waitress every morning for brunch.  I have noticed that dinner tends to be slower (understandable), and during my last meal the waiter forgot to bring me my scallops, but other than that no complaints.  I'd definitely recommend 8 Seasons for anyone looking for a delicious, reasonably-priced meal that's off the well-beaten path.
<review# 715,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/9/2013,8/12/2013,31,64,3,6,6>Fun fact: all of the tiger decor is DONATED! My husband and I have been wanting to go here for a long time, mostly because of the camp factor. It seemed really cheesy and fun. Turns out, it is AMAZING. Here is the low-down of why I love this place. Atmosphere - Outside of the very obvious and corny tiger decor, this is the kind of place you could come to in a cocktail dress or jeans and a t-shirt and fit in (I know because we saw that exact combination while we were there). If you stay for more than a few drinks, you might forget where you are or what time of day it is because it is quite dark inside. Other than than, it is a standard townie bar dressed to the nines, complete with obligatory free, stale popcorn. There is ample parking, but you might not want to drive (see Drinks)Drinks - I got a Tom Collins. My husband got a Manhattan. These are the types of drinks you should order at this place. They make a fabulous, no frills, strong mixed drink. As it should be. This is Wisconsin, after all.Staff - I've only ever been there when a younger man was bartending, but he was fabulous. He was chatty and friendly without being annoying. And he had a sense of humor about his white shirt and bow tie. Take home - Le Tigre is not only special because of it's camp and decor. It is fabulous because they put some crimson lipsick on tired, old hole in the wall and made her look like Scarlet Johansson.
<review# 716,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2013,8/11/2013,19,27,5,11,12>absolutely the best pizza i've had in my face. ever.i do, however, want to take this opportunity to share with readers that this restaurant is not an extension of your living room; nor is it red robin or tgi friday's. this is a cozy little eatery with little room for double-wide strollers or your ego.it is a place to enjoy the best pizza you'll ever eat, pure and simple. there are no airs put about, nor are you owed anything; stop being pretentious.show up hungry and leave more satisfied than you've ever beenand give 'em a break, imagine the trials of running an independent restaurant and show some compassion.
<review# 717,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/4/2013,8/10/2013,49,73,3,8,3>I grew up in Iowa and never truly appreciated how lucky I was to have such a great grocery store chain to shop at. When I moved here to Madison, I couldn't believe how awful the stores were. Copps, Cub Foods, and Woodman's? Terrible. Seriously. Now, don't get me wrong - I love Trader Joe's and the Co-op, but I can't afford to shop there all the time. I need a good store with quality produce, meat, pizza, baked goods, and a good selection of booze - Hy-Vee is that store.Other positives: the store is well lit, clean and organized, properly staffed (this is huge), has a nice health market, and even their deli and chinese food is tasty. Cheap and tasty breakfast, too.Oh, how could I forget... they have pretty darn good donuts. Maybe it is just because I grew up with them and they taste exactly like I remember, but when they are fresh in the morning they are pretty fantastic. I would probably stick with the standard glazed or chocolate, but the rest are decent as well. Good stuff!
<review# 718,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/29/2013,8/9/2013,34,34,6,9,5>Okay, here's what you do.  1) Find out where the Banzo food cart is hiding.2) Order the F-Bomb.  When asked about the sauce, respond confidently with "I'll take all three"3) Enjoy.This is one of the best food carts around.  Make sure you show up early---as the lines get kinda long and the service isn't very speedy.   Totally worth it!   Just go now.
<review# 719,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/4/2013,8/8/2013,9,12,1,5,3>Absolutely love everything.  Especially the lentil soup, baked cheese, chicken shawarma, the Bunky's pasta, and chocolate cake!  I've eaten here a lot if you can't tell. :)  Great waitstaff and very unique/cozy interior.  Good for families or a date!
<review# 720,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/29/2013,8/7/2013,6,22,1,5,3>Stopped in today for lunch and it was great!  I ordered the beef brisket sandwich w/ habanero sauce.  I also got the mac & cheese and potato salad.  I had my two year old daughter with me and the owner graciously asked if she would like a little bit of something.  So she got some pulled chicken, roasted potatoes and corn.  The portions were perfectly sized for lunch and I didn't have an issue making sure I ate everything on my plate.  The meat was tender and flavorful and the sides were a great compliment.  My daughter's chicken was good too, so next time I will be trying the pulled chicken.Not sure what happened with the previous review, but once the owner was done serving other customers he came and sat down and chatted with us.  All in all very friendly and great food!
<review# 721,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/21/2013,8/6/2013,37,54,5,5,5>I loved this place. I'll be honest, I wouldn't give their food 5 stars, but it is cosy and warm and romantic and smells like fresh baked bread and makes me feel like a cool Madisonite grown up (because the place was full of couples in their mid 40's with sweaters and cool glasses...I don't know what you people do in Madison but I really like you...also there were other young people who were bespeckled sweater-wearers in training) and what more can you ask for?
<review# 722,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/8/2013,8/5/2013,16,59,1,6,4>Tasty and authentic.I go to Los Gemelos every now and then for a quick, inexpensive lunch. They have a good menu of favorites, as well as more unique items (well, unique to Americanized Mexican restaurants). The pastor tacos are delicious-- flavorful pork garnished with cilantro and onions on corn tortillas.Quesadillas here are not your typical flour tortilla with shredded jack cheese. No, these are handmade cornmeal pockets stuffed with fresh queso, lettuce and your choice of meat. Crispy on the outside, fluffy on the inside!They have tamales on the weekends, but sometimes they have leftovers that they sell early in the week. They're really good, so try to catch one sometime.Their guacamole is mild, but flavorful from all the cilantro they use. Still, I wish it could be spiced up with some jalapeños!Chips are average. Sometimes they are stale, sometimes you get lucky and get really fresh ones!I like their assortment of beverages-- fountain and bottled Coke products, Jarritos, and horchata, among others.
<review# 723,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/14/2013,8/4/2013,209,840,3,8,4>Mrs. Flea (my dog) isn't a fan of having her toenails trimmed, and that's unfortunate, because she can grow some wicked talons in no-time. I've tried (and failed) to cut her nails on my own; how a 5-lb dog an wriggle and wrestle so fiercely is beyond me. After trying several other options for nail cutting (vets, other groomers), I think I've found a winner. Marcelle did an awesome job of trimming Flea's ridiculously long nails, and she did so in just a few minutes and with zero drama. The rate was more than reasonable; I've paid twice as much for a nail trimming at the vet, and it wasn't half as good.Book online, get your confirmation, bring in your four-legged-friend, and leave happy. It really is that simple.Oh, and BTW - Marcelle gave my friend's dog a super awesome lion cut a few weeks ago. She did such a great job with it; he gets tons of compliments on the cut.
<review# 724,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/30/2013,8/3/2013,65,61,1,6,3>My not-so-secret, secret lunch spot might be the best deal in Madison!The lunchbox special is an absolute must. $7.50 gets you one of LVD's enormous made-to-order sandwiches (including any of the numerous daily special sandwiches named for celebrities who have a birthday on the day of the special); a side salad; and choice of chips, cookie or soda. The deal is absurd.You might avoid the coffee, but the fresh baked goods are top notch. Please read this review and never go to the Lakeview Deli so it can remain my little secret...
<review# 725,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/5/2014,6/23/2014,96,21,18,13,12>Who reads reviews for Med Cafe? Go here and eat their food. Seriously. Go here and eat their food. Now. Take it to the Memorial Union with a book. Or a friend. This is a real restaurant. The food is cheap and delicious. For every time I see someone in a chain restaurant with the same play school aesthetic, I think about how Med Cafe utterly kills it. Their food is so fucking good. If you hang out with someone that would prefer Einstein Bagels over Med Cafe, stop hanging out with that person. That person cheats in Monopoly. That person takes your beer without asking. That person would attempt to steal your girlfriend but can't because ladies aren't property. That person will take you to Olive Garden for your birthday. And that person will also be late and regift you a shitty used present.And it'll be your fault because you knew that person didn't like Med Cafe.
<review# 726,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/24/2014,6/22/2014,31,64,,5,3>I can't say enough good things about Colectivo. They are really invested in the Milwaukee community and I'm super excited to have them in Madison. They really try to take care of their roasters and treat them will respect as well. But in addition to them being an awesome organization, they also make delicious coffee! I love their attention to detail and the cute little designs they make in my cortado. They also have delicious bakery and food! Whats not to love?!
<review# 727,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,6/21/2014,2,14,,4,2>My husband and I have visited Swad twice since moving near by--and it's very very good. We both love Indian food, and so far Swad has not disappointed. We began with an order of vegetable Samosas. They were very fresh, hot, and were very tasty. They had a good spice, but were not spicy. The first time we had them the tamarind sauce was good--it had a little body to it. More recently, it was a little watery.We also ordered chicken tikka masala, mixed vegetable curry, and plain naan. Their tikka masala is a stand-by for us, and theirs is very good--huge hunks of white meat chicken, creamy sauce. The first time we ordered it we asked for it the be between mild and medium. More recently, we asked for it to be prepared in the same way, but it was a good bit more spicy. We asked for the  mixed vegetable curry to be medium. Both dishes ended up having the same amount of heat--which was a bit too much for me. Next time, I'll ask for mild. At the same time, they are both good dishes. There are tons of vegetables in the curry. Just thank god for the water!This place is becoming  our to-go place when we want Indian.
<review# 728,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/20/2014,35,14,,7,3>I was debating going to Muse for some time, but I needed an appointment right away and I didn't feel like waiting. Well, good things come to those who wait! For those of you who are unaware--let me explain what this means. This means that the people here are the shiznit, and sometimes they book out because they rock! (I wish I would have come here immediately after moving to Madison about three years ago. I regret it. Seriously.If you go to someone who can get you in same or next day--that is not always a good sign.) I have also taken my daughter here who is 13. She has far curlier hair than I do. I am part Native American, and her dad also has some Chilean/Spanish in him so she inherited crazayy hair! Mine is not nearly as unruly, but it is coarse, wavy, and has different textures going on as does hers. My daughter and I both saw Kristina, and she cut our hair differently than anyone ever has in the entire state! (We've lived in the valley, MKE, and other areas before, and have had our hair done a LOT.) This is how it goes. I want to wear my hair naturally, and so does my daughter. The only time a flat iron has touched her hair is because other stylists at other salons straightened it first before cutting it. But then for me, and especially her, our hair looks terrible, grossly uneven, and weird if we don't straighten it because that is the only way the majority of stylists in many salons know what to do--cut straight, fine hair at straight angles. Why would you cut curly hair with different textures at straight angles? Or blunt cut it or razor it? (I've had that catastrophe happen before too, yeash!)I know everyone raves about the product sold here--and I got some for my daughter who loves it (Bumble and Bumble.) I use no product since Kristina cut my hair! I am not saying this is for you, but my hair looks awesome upon waking! I have gotten a ton of compliments from classmates, coworkers, and strangers about how healthy and awesome my hair looks. I always "blame" Kristina.Reviews like this I debate writing because I sometimes like to covet gems when I find them and keep them all to myself. However, because I want Kristina to keep cutting hair and support Muse as well....
<review# 729,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/28/2014,6/19/2014,1,25,,2,1>I went here with some friends on a Monday evening and we all really enjoyed the food. Everyone started with the potato leek soup. It had a nice, light flavor and while it didn't necessarily stand out for me, it made for a nice start to my meal. I also sipped on a Manhattan and a Cha Cha Cha while I waited for my entree, the bangers and mash. I had to order it after reading all the positive reviews on Yelp and I was very pleased! Each component of the dish tasted well on its own and came together for a very flavorful, well balanced meal. Everyone else was happy with their orders, which were the Irish stew and fish and chips. The service there was pretty spot on, but it wasn't too busy either considering the day. Either way, I will be back again for sure!
<review# 730,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/28/2014,6/18/2014,4,5,,3,1>I was pleasantly surprised walking into Ha Long Bay. I liked everything from the ambiance to the yummy smells drifting from the kitchen. I just moved back to Madison after living near San Francisco, CA. I didn't think the Thai/Vietnamese places there could be beat...I was wrong!Ha Long Bay was outstanding. I went for a birthday dinner with my family & everything was perfect. Our meals were both delicious & brought out in a timely manner. That's always a good sign with a bigger party (6 adults, 1 baby). Our server was awesome! Always had our drinks full & very friendly. I believe her name was Sandy. I'll be requesting her every time I go (I'll for sure be back soon)! When she noticed it was my Bday, she even brought me out a complementary blueberry wonton dessert. It was soooo good! :) Now that is good customer service! This is one of my new Madison favorites! 5 stars :)
<review# 731,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/17/2014,18,88,2,5,1>We've been meaning to try this place, and finally went last night for dinner.  After staring at the menu for about 20 minutes, and our server walking us thru it and explaining the most popular dishes, I finally looked at my husband and said "We will restrict ourselves to the sandwich portion of the menu for tonight", thinking that would help us choose.  Another 15 or so minutes later, we finally made our choices.  My goodness, EVERYTHING on that menu sounds delicious!Hubby ordered the Pan con Chicharrón, and I ordered the Pollo.  He got Yucca fries, I got Plantain fries.  OMG.  Those were the best damn sammies I've ever tasted!  And, the "fries" absolutely rocked.  The fries were served with this Jalapeno sauce for dipping.  Fab!  Sammies STUFFED with meat and other goodness.  I could only eat half of mine.  Hubby finished his.We WILL return to try something else!!
<review# 732,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/30/2014,6/16/2014,3,16,,11,1>We went to see the Fireside production of FIDDLER ON THE ROOF and it's fantastic. We usually go on Thursday night as they have a delicious buffet with some very healthy selections. I've been on Weight Watchers for two years and I'm right at the point of being down one hundred pounds. I like to pick and choose the serving size and food based on my points left for the day. They had chef carved turkey and tenderloin with a honey glazed salmon on the buffet and all were great. They had quite a few other entrees on the buffet my Wife said the deep fried fish was good as was the chicken. It's an hour drive from our home in New Berlin but well worth the trip. We'll be back for Smokey Joe's Café, Les Miserables and A Fireside Christmas this season. However It'll be hard to beat this performance of Fiddler. For the first time I'm thinking about buying season tickets for next year.
<review# 733,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/21/2014,6/15/2014,6,53,,3,3>Quaint, beautiful winery! Parts of the building are very old, and visitors get free roam even without the tour! Overall, the grounds are very well done, with a recently restored cave to boost. Free admission, 5 complimentary tastings even without the tour. I suggest buying a bottle after the tasting, and enjoying the outdoor seating overlooking the vineyard. Regrettably, we could not enjoy the tour since we were in a rush. But the overall experience warrants a return for the tour!
<review# 734,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/27/2014,6/14/2014,52,246,,2,2>The produce is fantastic, the bakery is full of everything, including gluten free.  On top of local, organic and fair trade- they have a hot bar, cold bar, make burgers and sandwiches to order and....coffee drinks!  You must check this all out.  I keep going in and finding more new things to try.
<review# 735,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/12/2014,8/22/2014,69,120,,5,5>A girlfriend and I came here for dinner after already having a few drinks on a Friday night (Happy Hour can get ya, right?). Anyway, I was craving a fish fry and after stopping to see that the fish fry at Merchant was outrageously expensive ($16) we stopped by Madison's to check out the prices. And we were happily surprised! The fish fry at Madison's is only about $8 for two large pieces, and a couple dollars more for all you can eat. What a steal! I ordered the fish fry of course and a Blackberry Pear Crispin. The food was so yummy! The breading was thin enough so you could still taste the fish, and it was not greasy at all. Only complaint was that the breading tended to fall off of the fish, not as bad as some other places I've had it but still a nuisance. I didn't care for the coleslaw, I'm a big fan of really vinegar-y coleslaws and this one was a little too creamy for my taste. As a side, I ordered the sweet potato tater tots and they were very good. Maybe a little on the cold side but still tasty. My friend ordered the ahi tuna salad, which I've had before and really enjoyed it. The ahi tuna steak was cooked perfectly. Service was also great and fast! Can't wait to come back!
<review# 736,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,8/21/2014,126,534,,5,3>The concept of this store is really cool. You bring in a bag of clothes (or if you only have a few items, you are welcome to bring those in too) and pay $20. Then, you get to fill up you bag with anything you want from the store. You get however much you bring. Upshift does not buy any product from outside vendor; all the merchandise in their store is from their customers. The store itself is very small and cramped. The clothes are very loosely organized by color and size. There are two changing rooms and not really a good way to tell if someone is using them or not. On the first Thursday of every month, they do a 2 for 1 special where if you bring a friend, she can get in for free (or you each pay $10). They do also purport to offer free Franzia to shoppers, although I did not partake.The selection is about on par with what you would find at Goodwill or St. Vinny's. If you bring in clothing/accessories and don't find anything that day or don't have time to shop, they will give you a credit that you can use on a future date. Worth checking out at least once. Buy local!
<review# 737,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/11/2014,8/20/2014,32,11,,5,4>Echo has an awesome patio this time of year.  Last night I enjoyed an appetizer of plain chicken wings and a chicken salad sandwich.  The wings were crispy and delicious. The chicken salad sandwich was fantastic; toasted wheat with piles of chicken, grapes, cranberries, and walnuts. So good!If you're only going for food and drink, maybe check out when their trivia night is and avoid it? Our server was a little overwhelmed with our arrival and I think it was due to trivia going on inside. Service was good though.
<review# 738,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/3/2014,8/19/2014,18,87,,5,3>I will never go back to a bank ever again. Credit Unions have won me over. No. UW Credit Union has won me over!This location in particular is the best location throughout the Madison and it's surrounding area. Unlike the other UW Credit unions I've gone to in Madison ( which is all of them) this location offers the more privacy. I can take care of my financial business without feeling like the better a counter over or behind me is in my conversation. As for the credit union itself, their are super fast! I mean Jimmy Johns fast. ( OK, horrible pun) but there have been a few occasions I've contacted them through their email system on their site and was sent a response in amazing time. - They offer great interest rates ( of course depending on credit score)- Have multiple ways of loaning money being: Credit Card, Paycheck Advancement, and Reserve Line of Credit- Overdraft Protection- Financial Classes offered. Usually these are for 1st time home buyers- Accurate and up-to-date- online banking- Transferring options- Mobile Banking including cashing checks with your phone- So much more!A few years ago, I needed to buy a car since my old one broke down on me. I applied for a loan on a Sunday night. I kid you not... by 10am the next day, I was approved and the money was in my account. I was blown away at how fast they work. Just awesome!My only issue is that they are obviously Wisconsin based so if you leave state and have to go to the ATM, you will be forced to pay fees. After becoming a member of UW Credit Union as a UW Madison Student, I left Associated Bank and never looked back. I am treated so much better as a customer.
<review# 739,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/10/2014,8/18/2014,102,48,,5,5>I've looked high and low; I've searched nooks and crannies; I've stepped foot into some not so pleasant places (insert names of establishments holding titles for my one and two star reviews), all in the name of finding the best dining experience in Madison. After a year and a half of living on the isthmus, I have found it, and it was closer than I thought.Osteria Papavero has everything a restaurant needs to be a successful business. They have knowledgable bartenders (I know little to nothing about liquor or wine) who give great recommendations. The staff is cordial and on point even while busy. And yet, attentive enough as they are, they do not hover, and allow you to enjoy your wonderful meal in peace. I give them mad props.Now, where Osteria really got me was when I tried the first bite of my meal. I ordered the Crespelle alla Fiorentina, and after that I knew that this place was "the one". I couldn't stop eating it, and I was already full on their delicious complimentary bread (and wine). My partner had one of their many specials and devoured it, and my mother enjoyed her meal as well.  Although this wonderful restaurant is a little pricey, it is well worth it.  After all, this is the best place to dine in Madison.
<review# 740,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,8/17/2014,43,59,3,8,6>I've eaten here about ten times since they opened on Sherman, and this was the first time they made a mistake on my order. It hardly mattered. The food is uniformly divine, and I cleaned my plate anyway.The Chick platter is my go-to favorite. The chicken chunks are all meat, well flavored without a hint of greasiness, the saffron rice and lentils subtly spiced and comforting, the chopped salad with shredded cabbage, lettuce, diced tomato and cucumber with a light vinaigrette is refreshingly crisp, the pita bread crusty outside and tender within, and the butter-smooth hummus is simply off the chain delicious. Tzatziki and spicy hot pepper sauce are great add ins if that's your thing (it's my thing).The beer selections are nice, and there are a million other soft drink options. You order at the counter, which keeps the price low. It's a small space, and was full when I arrived at 8 pm on Thursday night. However, I was soon (within 5 minutes) seated at a table for two in the corner, which was perfect. The lighting is low but not too low, music is a mix of Mediterranean and eclectic, and is kept at a medium/low volume, adding to the relaxing aura of the place.Fresh, delicious healthy dinner, low price, friendly staff that doesn't hover. Doesn't get much better.
<review# 741,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/3/2014,8/16/2014,7,59,2,4,3>We went here for the fish fry after reading other reviews. For the most part we were very satisfied. We arrived around 5:30 and were taken to a table right away. The friendly hostess told us although she could seat us immediately, the kitchen was a little backed up. We appreciated getting this info. No problem, we were not in a hurry. Our waitress took our drink order, part of which was a vodka gimlet with olives. Tasty gimlet arrived, sans olives. After our drinks arrived, I remembered reading there was free popcorn on the tables, and could see it on other tables. We were never offered or given popcorn. It would have been nice to munch on it while waiting for our dinner. Our dinners came out after not too long of a wait, we all had the deep fried cod with fries. You also get cole slaw and a piece of garlic bread. It was all solid, we all actually liked the addition of a piece of garlic bread. Fish and fries were both piping hot and tasted great. Cole slaw was average. At this time I ordered another vodka gimlet and stressed WITH OLIVES. Again, tasty gimlet sans olives. Just don't get how they can't get it right twice??  The place itself is bigger than it looks from outside, appears bright and clean, and all the staff we dealt with were extremely friendly. Maybe bring your own olives if you require them, and then it will be complete.  We will definitely return.
<review# 742,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/2/2014,8/15/2014,23,53,4,7,6>After checking out Cento on it's opening night, I can say for certain that I will be heading back there for other meals. I can tell that Food Fight and chef Michael Pruett were meticulous when choosing the location and designing the space and menu for this new Italian restaurant.I will say that it has to be one of the most aesthetically pleasing spaces i've seen in a restaurant. Everything inside it looks brand spanking new, or it's super old to the point where it's charming. There's really too many facets about it to list, and the people there can describe it better than I can, so i'd recommend checking the space out for yourself to witness it. It's just gorgeous.All of the food that I tasted that night was spot on. Among them included the Arancini (which are fried Risotto balls), which was a goodie because it managed to satisfy my impulse for fried things without tasting greasy at all. The ricotta-filled agnolotti was also good, although more mild/subtle on its flavors. The fennel was an excellent side dish to go along with the agnolotti. Finally, for dessert we all split a slice of what was dubbed an olive oil cake, and that was delectable. Also, note that the cocktails are well worth a go, particularly the Mulo Romano. That was a very flavorful drink, and i'm excited to have another one of those soon.Much like the setting, the service we received on opening night was also stellar. Our server Alex had an extensive knowledge of the menu, which was useful for us, as the menu isn't the easiest to read through for people not used to it. Everyone was accommodating, polite, and the orders all came out timely. I couldn't really ask for anything better.The only thing Cento disappointed me on was the portion sizes, which I felt were a bit small. This could just be because I was famished entering the place that day, and i'm a man with a gigantic appetite. So, others maybe won't find this to be a problem. Besides that, I felt like Cento nailed all of the aspects of a dining experience, which is no easy task!
<review# 743,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/28/2014,8/14/2014,41,78,2,5,5>My husband, my mom, and I braved Dexter's on a Friday night for fish. Oh man, I am so glad we did!We went into it expecting a wait, and we did end up waiting about an hour and a half. At first, we had to stand in the bar area, but we got drinks relatively quickly and were able to snag a table after about a half hour of standing. Their beer selection is amazing. I tried 3 different new-to-me beers and there were still a bunch more I wanted to taste. Hooray for options!We ordered soon after sitting down and didn't have to wait long for our appetizer (spinach dip with veggies & pita). The dip was good and their pita (fried) was as awesome as you would assume fried pita would be.Our meals were great too! Between the three of us we had cod, perch (or bluegill? woops, can't remember), and a shrimp po-boy. I would order any of our three choices again.In summary: the fish fry is worth the wait & the Friday night crowd.
<review# 744,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/18/2014,8/13/2014,87,148,2,8,3>Buck and Honey's was recommended more to us, after moving to the Sun Prairie area, then anywhere else. I first ventured there for a "girls night out". We ordered half price martinis, I think it was a Thursday night. I enjoyed mine - the perfect margarita - salted rim, and wow did it pack a punch. We also ordered off of the "balanced life" menu. I had the salmon roulades. They were simple and tasty. I would order them again. My friend ordered the chicken skewers. Also tasty, and spicy, which was a good thing. We sat outside on the outdoor patio, the atmosphere was fantastic, comfy outdoor furniture, live music, great lighting. I enjoyed the atmosphere so much on my next date night with my hubby I insisted we check it out. It rained.But, we were able to sit in the Georgia O'Keffe patio, and learn that G.O is from Sun Prairie! Who knew. Apparently, a lot of people, according to Facebook. I ordered the Salmon off of the "balance menu" it, again, was simple but good. My husband ordered lasagna. Full disclosure, his was better. :) It was meaty and spicy, and had a cream sauce alongside the red sauce that just made the dish. Overall, a great place to eat. Worth the recommendations.
<review# 745,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/6/2014,7/23/2014,0,16,,6,5>This place was tasty and rich, and it seems like a good place to visit especially when it gets cold outside.I had the vegetarian combination platter, and it came with samosas, momochas, roti, and dal. Overall, it was pretty good. The samosas and roti were particularly good, and the momochas could have been a bit more flavorful. I will probably try the momos if I go back. The main reason this place lost a star was the portions for the price. The meal sizes were perfect for me, but I generally eat very small meals. The average person may be left wanting more than just one entree. Perhaps adding a side would make it a larger, better suited meal. Also, if you don't feel like going vegetarian, be prepared to pay over 15 per entree. Overall, I would come back. This was my first time trying Nepali food and it was really good. I want a stack of that roti for my breakfast every day.
<review# 746,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/30/2014,7/22/2014,85,196,5,4,3>If you build it, they will come.  This may have worked for Field of Dreams, not so much for the Do It Yourself Bloody Mary bar at the Side Door.  We happened to wander in after learning about the 1 hour+ wait at a nearby brunch hotspot (pure definition of first world problems).  The place was empty but with happy hour 2:1 on rail drinks, bloodies, and tap beer, we were in no hurry to leave.  They have an impressive tap beer selection and while the tomato juice for the DIY bloody marys was a tad sweet, the "add-ins" were top notch. Speaking of top notch, the homemade tater tots were incredible.  Larger than the typical tot, the tater tot was the perfect mixture of crispy outside and soft inside.  I would come back just for them.
<review# 747,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/17/2014,7/21/2014,1,10,1,4,4>We went here for dinner a few nights ago. The only downside is that it's slow. It took 20 minutes for us to get our food, which seems like a really long time for something structured like a fast food restaurant. The staff also wasn't the most approachable,  but certainly not nasty or anything. Now the positives: everything else. We sat on the patio, and they brought our food out to us. They also clean it all up when you're done. The portions are also enormous!  I can't believe how much food I got for $9. I got the chicken schwarma and it was phenomenal. I got so much chicken and a heaping portion of curried rice. The humus and pita bread were also great. I wish it came with more salad, but that is relatively minor. My boyfriend got the lamb schwarma. It was cooked to perfection. Verdict: we'll be back.
<review# 748,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2014,7/20/2014,38,10,,3,2>Bergamot Massage is a GEM of a find in Madison.  It is a locally owned business with caring, compassionate massage therapists who really understand how to use massage in a holistic way.  Seth is my usual therapist, and for a yoga teacher with a persnickity body, he's a treasure.  Sometimes I go for a therapeutic session, sometimes for just a relaxation. He always meets me where I am, as he is really THAT good.  He takes the time to understand what is going on with you as a WHOLE and works with your body.  He is kind, friendly, professional, and I can't recommend him enough. On top of everything they have a cute boutique, which is a great place for a gift.  Give a gift certificate to someone you love, they will LOVE IT:)
<review# 749,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2014,7/19/2014,18,76,3,13,7>I ate here once days after it opened. I was tempted to write a review but decided to try it one more time. I ate here again and again, now a total of 4 times in 2 weeks. I feel adequately prepared to say that this place blows me away. I have never eaten Thai cuisine so expertly prepared and beautifully presented. I harken back to the first time I ate at Lao Laan Xang on Willy St about 18 years ago. The subtle flavors of lemon grass, coconut milk and galanga were amazing and so new to my palate. Southeast Asian food continues to be my favorite but the general quality of  the food seems to have declined in the past few years. No matter where you go the menu looks the same and presentation is an after-thought. My old favorite haunt has become tired and uninspired.Monsoon Siam is a different animal. The dishes are new and exciting. I have never seen tofu so expertly prepared. Some dishes are bold and bright, like the Spicy Roasted Tofu with Basil or the Panang Curry.  Some dishes are delicate and sexy like the Asparagus Delight with a light flavorful sauce highlighting perfectly cooked asparagus and shrimp and the Rama Tofu which is a gorgeous sight to behold. The tofu is deep fried, placed on a bed of steamed broccoli and topped with crispy fried onions. The dish has a luscious peanut sauce which enhances but does not overpower the tofu. I have sampled the tofu soup, simple yet delicious, as well as the Papaya Salad. The salad was lovely, light and spicy just to the right level for my somewhat timid partner. To be fair, I love the Papaya Salad/Chicken dish at LLX  but the presentation is sorely lacking. Monsoon Siam is right across the street from Lao Laan Xang. There is plenty of room for two great Southeast Asian restaurants. I hope LLX will be moved to create some new dishes, throw away the tired menu and spruce up their aging home. They still are very busy and have a loyal following. But the gauntlet has been thrown by newcomer Monsoon Siam. For now I declare the new kid on the block a winner!
<review# 750,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,7/18/2014,158,144,,6,4>Tips for meeting at Barriques on University Ave/ Cayuga Court:A. Make sure your friend is meeting you at this one and not the Barriques on Old Sauk.B. Parking can be tricky, but they have spots in the front, back and on the street.C. Grab a spot near the fireplace in the winter.  Can be a bit breezy in there.D. Perhaps get a fortified coffee drink, (as in with some special ingrediants) Daddy Grasshopper, Irish Coffee, etc... they make them up right.E. If you have to pass D. there are still plenty of good options for coffee & tea drinkers.F. Not as many food options at this location but they do have cookies, scones, bagels, etc..G. Plan on getting some good people watching in.  Turns from business crowd, to mama yoga crowd, back to business to the student crowd during the day.  Take your pick.H. Hard not to pick up a bottle of booze to take home with you.  Lots of good local options or plenty others.I. And if you checked in with Yelp, you'd notice it's 20 % off whole bean coffee. YESREPEAT!Repeat!REPEAT!
<review# 751,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/23/2014,7/17/2014,84,275,,5,3>Stopped by before starting on my usual pilgrimage up I94. Place is pretty hard to find because it is hidden behind a McDonald, but I was happy I put in the effort.I had 3 tacos: pastor, barbaco and carnitas. All were good and came with perfect sauces, but what I liked most where the tortillas. They were the more rustic kind and looked like they might have been homemade with stone ground flour. It is a small thing, but I thing it is this sort of things that makes a taco joint stand out.I also liked the vibe of the place. Laid back, mostly South American patrons and a prompt, no frill kind of service. Oh And the World Cup on TV.Will probably stop by again for a quick bite on my way from or to I94 and maybe get something more portable to eat while on the road.
<review# 752,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/22/2014,7/16/2014,16,59,2,4,4>My first experience at Tornado was quite good.My date and I hadn't made a reservation, and when we talked to the host he said there was a 1.5 hour wait, but if a table in the bar was open, we could grab it. Sounded good to us, since there was an open one!Bar tables are REALLY limited on leg room and actual surface area on the table, but we made it work. You could probably fit six people on the booths, but there might be enough room for half of their legs and 1.5 entrees on the table.That being said, they make a pretty decent brandy old fashioned. My date ordered *cringe* a can of PBR, which he said was warm. I was pretty sure that's how most people drink that particular beverage anyway...My date REALLY wanted the frog legs and tried to convince the waitress I'd eat some too. Having had certain experiences with frogs in my life, I did not try them, but they actually smelled garlicky and delicious. They arrived breaded, fried, and nested on a sort of sweet and sour sauce. He devoured the whole plate, I watched in fascination.The server brought us some warm, dilly bread, which was quite tasty. We stashed it on the booth seat next to us for lack of table space.Then... The entrees... My beau ordered the rabbit (clearly a fan of jumping foods) which felt sort of small in portion size. Still, it was deliciously breaded and pan fried. Cooked perfectly and nicely tender. My steak arrived sizzling on a metal plate with a giant onion ring on top. It was perfectly cooked and well-seasoned. The hash browns on the side were also pretty good, though not he best I've had at a steakhouse. Pretty sure  they are freshly made though. I'll definitely go back, but I'd like to sit at a real table. I guess that means that next time, I'll make a reservation!
<review# 753,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/23/2014,7/15/2014,22,104,,6,3>Fresh. Local. Seasonal. Delicious!Graze is one of my favorite restaurants in Madison. I love the emphasis on supporting local farmers and using fresh ingredients.The food is flavorful and nicely plated. Everything I've tried has been great. The burger is juicy and delicious.  The bibimbap was superb and spicy. Every bite is like a party in your mouth!  The drinks here are amazing! My favorite drink at the moment is the springing in the rain drink. The cucumber is very refreshing.This is also a great place for brunch. The scramblers are delicious, and the Bloody Mary's are loaded with goodies!
<review# 754,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/9/2014,7/14/2014,67,48,,6,4>A friend and I stopped by the ZuZu Cafe with our brood of small children after a trip to the zoo.  I was extremely impressed with both the atmosphere and the food.  There were plenty of open tables, as well as a nice outdoor area. I've heard there is a sandbox, but that was not open the day we were there. They also had a small children's space with books and  few toys. The staff was very friendly and just smiled when our kids acted...well...like kids often act.As for the food, I had "The Henry" which a hummus and vegetable pita. It was excellent!  The pita was tasty and the hummus was very flavorful. The veggies looked like they might have been picked from somebody's garden.  Seriously - super fresh!!  I ate the entire thing in about five minutes because it was so good I couldn't put it down. My friend had the hummus plate which was equally delicious, and my kids ate "the CHOCOLATE sandwich!!!" aka: a Nutella pita. They were very, very excited about this. We also got two cookies to share: a snickerdoodle and a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie. Both were fantastic. Soft and sooo good. I may or may not have kept all of the peanut butter chocolate chip one for myself.  The prices were decent - I wouldn't say "cheap" but definitely on par with what I am willing to pay to eat at a quality local eatery.  I feel like a cafe next to the zoo called "Zuzu" could very easily have been a hokey, overpriced restaurant with mediocre food, but these guys did it right.  Good service and excellent food. I can't wait to go back and try "The Spooner." ;)
<review# 755,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/30/2014,10/11/2014,25,76,1,5,6>Last time, I gave Slide four stars instead of five, because of spiciness and burger bun disintegration. It has now been made clear to me that I just hadn't found MY slider, because today I tried the Mr. Sweet Potato Head. It was perfect. The sweetness of the potato, combined with the kick of the curry sauce, was amaaaazing - and the bun held up this time! Chips are awesome, service was friendly and quick, and I love the prices. Very very happy with the progress Slide's made.
<review# 756,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,10/10/2014,137,133,2,6,3>This place is a perfect example of why it's not a good idea to judge a book by its cover.  I can't remember how I ended up at this location but I know that if I were to go based off the reviews I wouldn't have stepped foot in this place.  However, I did, and I'm glad that I did.  The location of this place is a bit strange as it doesn't have a street facing entrance.  Instead it is tucked into a plaza that opens up into a into a small oddly shaped parking lot.  On the inside, the space is really small and it looks kind of old.  But those are my basic gripes about the place because everything else is pretty freaking great.  I have been here four times now and each time I've been, I have been seen by four different people; I will however that Hwa is the best!  After each visit I have left completely impressed by the quality of service and application by the staff.  I have finally begrudgingly gotten used to the pricing of these services and this place is in line with the pricing of other nail salons in the city.  The nail technicians take their time to ensure that you are happy with the color of the nail polish, shape of your nail, and application of the polish.  After every step, I was surprised by how genuinely concerned each  technician was with ensuring that I was happy with the process thus far.  I have been to many nail salons in this city; some in nicer locations with pricier service options. TC Nails however is the best around.  The service is fantastic and worth the time if you're in the area.
<review# 757,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/5/2014,10/9/2014,44,84,6,15,10>Tucked away at a little corner off Gorham St is this easy to miss treasure, but don't miss it! The entrance might be somewhat hard to find, you will be able to see nicely-cushioned red seats and a nice counter area where they serve up those delicious little dumplings!What are Russian dumplings?? Prior to my first trip here I had always associated dumplings with something Asian. So this is really an eye-opening experience for me. I love how they offer beef or potato fillings for their dumplings. The thing that makes them so special is that 1) they are small cute little dumplings and 2) the works. As other reviews have pointed out you can get cilantro, curry powder, siracha-rice vinegar sauce, sour cream and butter to go with those dumplings. You can ask for as little or as many of the works on offer. I have always liked my order with all the works, simply because they have put in a lot to make sure that everything pair up perfectly with one another. The siracha might be spicy, but the sour cream neutralizes the spice a lot. In other words, just amazing ~~ If you order the half beef half potato combo, it's always a nice surprise to find out what the filling is going to be for your next dumpling!For small eaters the half order will fill you up perfectly. They also offer the raw dumplings to go. They will pack them nicely for you fresh out of the fridge. The nice thing if you decided to go for the raw dumplings is that there are significantly more of them per box, always worth it to make your own since all you have to do it heat them in boiling water for a couple of minutes. Then you can let your imaginations take you in terms of toppings. Do remember this is a cash-only place though. Totally worth everything ~~~
<review# 758,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/15/2014,10/8/2014,37,102,2,5,4>How can I say it? I'm fallin' in love at the first sight. Living only two blocks away from this cool place, it took me almost three years to finally give this place a try. Booooooo me! (Well, UW-Madison alone has way too many libraries of which I haven't visited them all!)Today, I was having a very bad day to start a day but I forgot it all once I stepped my feet here. I told my self " This is gonna be another spot to do my D!"As for today, I only explored the first, lower ground and the second floor, because I came here to study. This first visit has instilled some impression in me and I need to say it: WOW! WOW! WOW!I know I'll be back to keep exploring and being amazed! Of all the sections, the children section is the BEST. If only I grew up here, I knew I would have spent every single day in this cozy place. This place has a lot to offer: some reading nooks with light, some funky chairs, some nests to read comfortably! Ah, I'm just so in love. Everybody whether you are a kid or an adult, I can guarantee you'd fall in love easily- less than a second :)- once visiting this section!The first and second floors are for adults :) with of course tons of computers to use, tons of book collection and tons of cozy reading and studying spots. I told myself once again: This is what love at the first sight feels like.Thank you, Madison Public Library for reminding me with the most honest feeling one can have!
<review# 759,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2014,10/7/2014,27,47,1,5,5>I've been here twice while visiting family and I will say with me moving to Madison in the new few days I do plan on stopping in more often :)The first time I was here we came for dinner, cousins raved about the place and how good their breakfast was...but wanted to try it out for dinner.  The food was great, love the atmosphere here very homey. The staff was pleasant, but the wait on the food, to get a drink, and to get a refill was extremely long for the amount of people that were in there.The second time I visited we decided to stop in for breakfast, for a weekday it was surprisingly busy. Got a coffee and the breakfast sandwich and substituted the bacon for avocado and tomato. Now, I found a new found love for avocado, so this bfast sandwich was to die for, for my taste buds. The service was alot better this time around, speedy, very friendly, and attentive to all of her tables!Definitely stopping in alot more :)
<review# 760,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/24/2014,10/6/2014,16,93,2,3,4>We love local tavern type spots (think Village Green in Middleton) and finally made it to Oakcrest after months of talking about it!  We went on a Saturday night at 7:00 pm and only had about a ten minute wait!  Walking in the door sort of feels like you're walking into a living room...great bar, open space, mix of high and low tables all lined with wood paneling, TVs, and beer signs!  We had an energetic and attentive server, Crystal, that always made sure we weren't without a drink!We had a cheese burger and a ribeye sandwich.  Both were awesome...burger comes from across the street at Knoches and was a no frills perfectly booked burger on a perfectly soft and crusted bun with tomato and onion (drooling as I type this)!  The ribeye sandwich was also great and simple served on the same type of bun, we added grilled onions.  We also had a side order of the clam strips (which I almost never see in our area) and they were equally great...a nice change of pace from fries!  Beer selection was great and priced fairly...the old fashioned tasted like a mix (don't know if it was or not) so we will most likely stick to beer next time!
<review# 761,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/25/2014,10/5/2014,18,88,1,2,3>First time we've been here in about 10 years.  We had the shrimp & pork stuffed chicken wing for our appetizer.  Meh.  Wouldn't order again.The entree's, on the other hand were both excellent!37B. Pla Sam Rod - Deep fried Catfish filet topped with bell peppers, garlic, ginger, onions, and mushrooms in a spicy garlic chili sauce.  HUGE catfish fillet, and very, very good.39. Pla Duke Pad Pet - Deep fried catfish stir fried in red curry paste with jalapeno peppers, green onions, bamboo shoots, Thai eggplants, mushrooms, basil and citrus leaves.  Fabulous!  Nice, creeping spice, lips burning, nose running, and eyes watering by the end.  SO GOOD!We ordered 3 stars (super hot) on both dishes.  The 37B was not spicy though.  It was sweet.  So, a bite of my spicy red curry, then a bite of the hubby's sweet Pla Sam Rod, was perfect!Thai Iced Tea was perfect.We will be back!!
<review# 762,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/19/2014,10/4/2014,18,76,3,7,7>I have been shopping at Woodman's East forever. When I lived in Stoughton, I schlepped all the way there, as it was totally worth it. Now I live fairly close by and I am there at least twice per month.I am something of a food snob but I just can't justify paying $8.99/lb for Brussel sprouts at Willy St when they are $1.99/lb at Woodman's. I want to buy local to support the farming community but I just can't afford the disparity. Woodman's has expanded its organic section of the store and I buy many fresh, canned and frozen items from that area. I find their produce to be quite satisfactory.The store is clean, well-stocked and the staff quite helpful. Yes, it is warehouse-like. This is no Hy-Vee with the many smiling faces but Woodman's is utilitarian and affordable. It does not pretend to be a restaurant or coffee house. It is a supermarket.That said, I spend plenty of money at Jenifer St Market, the Co-Op and at the farmers market as well. Jenifer St sells local produce at a very reasonable price. I spread my food dollars around but Woodman's probably garners about 65% of my food budget.I am saddened to see the reduction of foreign workers. I do see an increased number of African-American staff which I think is a wonderful thing. Automated check-out areas are taking over the role of the cashier. I hate those things and much prefer waiting on-line so I can thank a  human for providing good service. Okay, i can't end this review without a nod to the liquor store. Oh, yeah, love that place.Go shop and then treat yourself to a bottle of Tito's vodka. You earned it.
<review# 763,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/20/2014,10/3/2014,57,84,3,5,4>Oh me, oh my. Where have you been all my life?I've had a couple of Indian dishes made by friends back in California, but I can't say I'm too knowledgeable about this cuisine. So needless to say, it took a while to figure out what to order.My fiancé ordered the chicken tikka kadahi, medium spiciness. The coriander was very distinct, but soooo delicious. I ordered the beef mango, which I was weary about, but the sweetness of the dish brought me back to my childhood with similar Filipino dishes. Seriously. SO good. We vowed to come back and try the lunch buffet.
<review# 764,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/1/2014,10/2/2014,10,25,1,5,5>This was my first visit to Red Sushi, but be assured, it certainly won't be my last. It was a beautiful Friday night so my friend and I decided to eat outside (well, that along with the fact that it was far too busy for them to seat us inside). But it worked out well as it was much quieter outside even with the concert on King St. Jimmy was our server and we LOVE him! The martinis were delightful. I can't remember the name of my favorite one right now, but I think it was possibly the French word for umbrella, if I'm not mistaken. Anyway, it was crazy good - I hope to have it again sometime.I ordered 2 rolls:  the Firecracker and the Omega 3. OMG, you guys! Incredible sushi experience!!!!! They are specialty rolls so they are a bit more expensive ($13-$15), but you really do get what you pay for - high quality for sure! My friend had a few vegetarian rolls that she really enjoyed and for dessert we shared the chocolate mousse which was juuuust the right amount of sweet for our post-sushi euphoria.Our only complaint was that the outside tables posed a bit of a challenge/frustration for us sandal-wearing girls. They don't use table clothes and there are cut-outs in the tables for the soy sauce to sneak through so we had sticky toes/shoes in the end, however, Jimmy brought over a warm, damp cloth so I could clean up before leaving.Red is not a place I would be able to afford to go to regularly, but for a special occasion or a hard-core sushi craving, that's where you'll find me.
<review# 765,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/1/2014,4/11/2014,31,64,,5,5>I went here for my last birthday and had a great time! They were able to accommodate  a large group of people and we had much more than our fill of delicious tea sandwiches, cupcakes and cookies. They are very knowledgable about their teas and make great suggestions. Just tell them what you are feeling, and they will find you a new favorite!
<review# 766,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/26/2014,4/10/2014,20,49,7,10,5>This place is souuuuper fantastic.  From the tight, homey seating to the menu (which has more Chinese text by area than English) and to the food, this is a welcome addition to Regent Street, where we already have the some of the best coffee (Indie), bar (Jordan's), pizza (Greenbush Bar), and doughnuts (Greenbush Bakery).The exterior sign has been changed since John came last, the exterior looks very clean and open.  We went for dinner and we got the beef in black bean sauce and the pork and eggplant dish.  Both were extremely tasty; the pork and eggplant was served in a small metal pot that kept the food deliriously hot throughout the meal.  Just the right amount of spicy (medium hot) without killing off the other vegetables added to the meal.  Ginger abounds here, and it is a winner.Next time we definitely have to try some soup/noodles.  They have many bowls in the front case of noodles, and from our experience with their non-noodley foods, it can only go up from here.  You must go here!
<review# 767,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/4/2013,4/9/2014,45,276,,8,3>A big nod to mojo to en coco.I may have found new foreign cuisine love. I never had Venezuelan dishes before. It turns out, they are down right delicious. And the hit sauce is down right hot and delicious. At first my novio and I were stuck at the counter. We are both vegetarians, so it was difficult to make entree selections. But the family behind the counter was very helpful for giving us the right substitution and guiding through the menu. They are such nice people!! Wouldn't you love talking to the owners who are enthusiastic about introducing their culture? Whatever you order, don't forget the two things: tamarindo + hot sauce = happiness.
<review# 768,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/9/2014,4/8/2014,52,87,,6,3>I stopped here after a friend recommended the place for steaks. Impressive selection! There were several cuts that are pre-marinated. The prices were extremely cheap compared to other places such as Metcalfs.To compare, I spent almost $60 on steaks for 6 people and bought the same amount of meat here at Ken's for $20...and they were marinated. I tried the burgandy peppercorn steaks...WOW!! These guys melt in your mouth!Usually leftovers steaks are tough but after several days in the fridge, the leftover steaks were still as tender as the day they came off the grill. I'm doing all my meat shopping here from now on!
<review# 769,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/7/2014,4/7/2014,49,73,,9,5>Man, Madison is getting so many great new places that it is hard for me to keep track! The Tip Top Tavern is one of those spots I always drove by and thought "Man, what a dive. I bet It's great", but never got around to visiting. So, when I found out they had opened back up with a new owner, a food menu, and a new look I decided I had better get over there. Seriously, folks - what a great little place. After a bit of a rough start where-in I ordered a beer that I couldn't even look at because it was so awful  (the Dogfish Head T'weason Ale - what a disaster of a beer. They were super cool and replaced it with their house old-fashioned, which was one of the best takes on the cocktail I have ever had) the meal went really smooth - especially considering how crazy busy it was.Between the three of us we ordered 2 burgers, cheese curds, and the fish fry special. The burger was delicious, moist, and cooked extremely well. The coleslaw was tasty, but had way too much vinegar. The fries were crispy and free of excess oil which was nice. Apparently the fish was delicious as well. Finally - the curds. Oh man, the curds! They were seriously (tip) top-notch. Lightly breaded, crispy, and gooey with some nice tasting ranch on the side. These are the closest to perfection I have ever had. Hopefully it wasn't a fluke!Beyond the food and drink, it really was a nice space. The lighting was great, the decorations were were fun, and it just felt like a cozy place that I would love to hang out at on a Wednesday night to grab a burger and a beer.I feel like all I have done lately is write about how awesome the spots I go to are, but hopefully that says more about how great Madison is than it does about my (potentially) overly-optimistic ratings.
<review# 770,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,2/10/2014,4/6/2014,265,357,8,13,10>I'm going through a BLT phase right now. Don't you judge me!  I stopped in for a bite for lunch and ordered the Tuscan chicken BLT with a side of greens. The sandwich consists of grilled chicken, applewood smoked bacon, Swiss cheese, lettuce, tomato, and pesto mayonnaise served on griddled focaccia. It was the perfect sandwich! Perfect! Absolutely delicious. The mixed greens they served with it were heaping on my plate and tossed with vinaigrette. I could have ordered any of their shared plates and been happy: the hummus plate, artichoke spinach dip served with pita, the German pretzels  hand rolled in-house, and the Carr valley cheese curds would all have been welcome at my table. Plenty to eat, plenty to dream about, like their open face meatloaf melt!! **drools** or what about their beef and wild mushroom stew?! I'm a fan. This is comfort food. Also, also I should add that my waitress was totally on point, just genuinely sweet, and efficient, quick, and aware of the fact that the lunch crowd on a weekday usually needs to be in and out quickly. Great service, food, and atmosphere.
<review# 771,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,4/5/2014,128,219,,10,5>I've been here a few more times since I last reviewed, and I continue to be impressed.The in-store events (free sandwiches, YES) are awesome and the cooking classes are intriguing.  All of the products I've purchased have been fairly priced and fresh.  The beef tenderloin filets is super tender and cut well, the grassfed ground beef is reliable.  Stuffed chicken breasts are juicy with great filling options. BRING US MORE CARNIVORE
<review# 772,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/10/2014,4/4/2014,86,145,,5,3>The Mango Man is really nice and friendly, I was happy to meet the man in the kitchen! This is a small restaurant, but that's okay, because it really is more of a cafe anyways. I enjoyed a pork dish on my visit, the pork was tender and the rice complimented the dish nicely. The lettuce however, I could have gone without - but that would have really limited the meal. There were two different sauces available and they were both spicy (or at least spicy to me, I don't dabble with spice well).My favorite thing was their vast rum selection. While the drinks were small and there was a lot of ice, I will say they didn't skimp on the booze. As my friend said, "this is how I make them at home!" Which means, they were strong drinks with a touch of soda.If you are looking for the Caribbean experience, you will certainly get it here! Get a rum smoothy, that is a real bang for your buck.
<review# 773,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,12/28/2013,4/3/2014,25,76,2,5,3>The "ultimate mac & cheese" really is the ultimate. I don't know how to make mac & cheese with caramelized onions in it yet, but I will learn, dammit, because I have seen the LIGHT. The accompanying grilled garlic bread was alright, but a little chewy for my taste - I'm more of a Texas-toast-crusty-garlic-bread kinda girl.Also, be SURE you get something sweet. It might feel weird to order a donut or a shake with a savory lunch or dinner meal, but you can't leave without it. Just trust.
<review# 774,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/23/2014,4/2/2014,8,8,3,5,4>Some secrets are best kept secret.  However I don't want my new donuts find going out of business anytime soon.  I stumbled across this little gem while trying to find some real donuts for my wife to take to her at work.  I found the People's Bakery.  The donuts selection was wonderful.  The wall mentioned some other baked goods as you walk in like scones, but those are no longer available.  The donuts were fantastic.  So good that I had to go back today and they are still fantastic and the shelves were socked full at 9:30am with plenty of choices and the prices are great.  To be honest i had tunnel vision on the donuts but I believe they have some other things to offer for lunch and dinner.
<review# 775,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/28/2013,9/22/2013,286,123,6,4,5>Mmmmm, delicious and giant slices of cheesy goodness.Hello Ian's! We're going to be great friends.I absolutely had to get my hands around a mac n' cheese pizza slice when I heard about it. Come on! How Wisco is that?The slice is popped in the oven, and after a few minutes you'll have a steaming slice of wonderfulness.  The crust was light and had a good texture that makes you want to munch on the crust all day long. The mac was such a perfect vessel for the ooey gooey cheese to melt itself in. From hand to mouth, this slice was like stepping into the childhood I wish I had.  A bit greasy from the cheese, but I was never a girl to be afraid of a little grease. Pro tip: drop some hot sauce up in thurr for an insane kick.  One of the best aspects of Ians is that the featured pizzas change EVERY MONTH. Srsly, go on their site and just take a gander at the different offerings. Personally, I'm looking forward to the chipotle pork and beans 'za coming out July. Come to Ian's. These flavas go "pow!" in your mouth like the winning punch of a boxing match. "Ding ding ding ding!" That's a winner.
<review# 776,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/11/2013,9/21/2013,37,120,2,6,4>This  cart is bold.  Really bold.   They serve a variety of sliders, but bypass the familiar (and often grand) burger slider.  Even bolder, they hauled everything over to Science Dr., which can be a wasteland for like operations.They can get away with it because it is obvious, based on their menu, they step their sliders up a whole 'nother level.  Everything (even the vegetarian options) read so appetizing.  The dribbles were making my way to my chin.  It would be embarrassing, but  I'm sure they see it all the time. Their service was very friendly and efficient.  My order was styrofoamed in two minutes.I was in the mood for Italian, but also wanted something spicy to battle my sinuses. I opted for two mix/match sliders and chips combo.  The sliders were; "Powerball" - homemade marina-soaked juicy meatball stuffed with gooey mozzarella with deliciously fresh basil leaves floating in the sauce & "Italy on Wisconsin" -- a roma tomato and fresh mozzarella slice topped with the basil, olive oil and balsamic vinegar.  Too finish it off, I had to snag the handmade thick-cut potato chips with garlic wasabi!  The meatball slider was perfect old school Italian-American with a touch of class stepping it up with basil and perfectly oozing mozzarella.  Even better was the incredible "Italy on Wisconsin" - AKA 'Caprese Salad on a Bun"; I never thought that it could work so well, but it was, so fresh and saliva inducing, I wanted more!  Of course their buns are perfect (don't say that in the wrong company)!  Finally, I finished with the chips.  There was a massive mound of perfectly crispy, crunchy and salted real potato-ey goodness.  The wasabi sauce was sinus-clearing and delicious -- the garlic was a light undercurrent, but added to its robust flavor. The budget gourmet lunch was only $8.00!  It was certainly more satisfying than grabbing a Pop Tart from vending or walking further for a bland sub or a slice of grease-drenched pizza.  You gotta have this.  I will go as many times as they will return to Science Dr.  I'm almost certain that I'll love everything they offer.
<review# 777,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/6/2013,9/20/2013,68,70,2,4,4>The High Noon is one of my two favorite venues in Madison to see a show (the other being the Majestic).First, the space. It is clean and well-maintained (kind of the opposite of the Orpheum in the last few years). I love being able to get there an hour before the show and find a spot in the balcony from which to watch; since my "must be in the front row screaming along" days are behind me, a person of relatively short stature like myself really benefits from a balcony view. The stage itself isn't huge, but it's proportional to the rest of the space and it is raised somewhat for better viewing from the ground. The bathrooms are always well-stocked and clean, and there are a LOT of stalls in the women's room, two beautiful things to see at a music venue. I recently attended Paulie Fest there, an excellent concert/benefit for local music education, and they did a beautiful job remembering Paul, honoring his family, and raising money for a wonderful cause. The decor was breathtaking - fresh white roses and candles on the balcony tables, white Christmas lights, and lilacs filling the air.The bartenders are very nice and patient. For example, they were well-stocked for the Kentucky Derby party, and if I were a bartender I would have lost my mind every time someone ordered a mint julep (so much muddling!). The bars tend to get really crowded during more popular shows, though, making it frustrating trying to get to the counter to get a bartender's attention. Getting rid of the stools at the bar for more popular events would probably fix this problem, though I doubt that will happen. The beer menu is long, and the taps are seasonal, featuring a lot of local microbreweries. This isn't exactly rare in Madison, but it's nice. The drinks are fair-priced and the mixed drinks aren't lacking for booze. Food is limited to a few kinds of pizza (ho-hum, out-of-the-box stuff), but since they're part of the same complex with the Brass Ring, you're welcome to bring in take-out from there, which I've done a few times.The acts the High Noon brings in are usually fantastic. The tickets are often a great deal, and there are usually several bands on each bill. I've discovered a few new favorite local acts through the opening bands. Their theme parties are fun, often with appropriate drink specials and costumes/dressing up encouraged for a festive atmosphere. Nerd Nite is also a major highlight; the speakers are often engaging, the electronics work without struggle, and the fellow patrons are great to talk to. The only major downside, besides the difficulty with getting to the bar, is the enormous cloud of cigarette smoke that is ALWAYS outside the front door, though I suppose they have limited power in being able to change that.ETA: The High Noon also has a special place in my heart because you can buy earplugs for a buck at the bar. This has saved my ears on countless occasions; I wish all live music venues in Madison did this.
<review# 778,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,9/19/2013,21,119,,3,3>The most off-beat beer selection in Madison, bar-none.  Bartenders who know their stuff.  Great atmosphere.  What's not to like?
<review# 779,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/29/2013,9/18/2013,73,99,,6,4>BEWARE: SERVING SIZES ARE GINORMOUS!We did not know this^^ and over-ordered!! Next time the BF and I are splitting a plate of pasta! Calamari appetizer was SO inexpensive and SO much food! In fact I think all their dishes are underpriced for the quantity that you get. This was the most delicious app I have had--so flavorful and so FRESH! On top of the calamari we also got the sausage pasta and the seafood pasta. Both had heaping amounts of food and delicious in their own sense. We were seafood-ed out after the appetizer so we were devouring the sausage pasta. The sauce for the sausage pasta was amazing--we took the noodles from the seafood dish and dunked it in the other plate's sauce to drink it all up :)
<review# 780,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/15/2013,9/17/2013,177,529,6,7,6>Having heard soo many good things about Muramoto, I finally decided to go and see what the buzz is all about.We were there for their all you can eat sushi special, and well... we literally ate all we could eat. I'm serious, one more piece of food would have put me over the edge and I probably would have exploded into a bazillion pieces. Anyways, on with their food. Oh but before I delve into that, their service is ultra-attentive, but the atmosphere is a bit dark. I usually like dark, intimate settings, but this place kinda overdid it with the depressing, black theme. Soo moving on again, their food! The all you can eat sushi special includes select rolls from their specialty rolls, nigiri, regular rolls and inside-out rolls. The premise is anyone can order up to 2 rolls, or 10 pieces of nigiri per trip, and can't reorder until you've finished eating what's on your plate. Anything left over at the end will tax on a surcharge, as to prevent people from just ordering everything.They also offer unlimited orders of their appetizers, the miso soup, seaweed salad and Asian slaw.The miso soup was extremely flavorful, with pieces of tofu and seaweed.The Asian slaw was delicate and light, with a tangy sweetness to it.The seaweed salad was probably my favorite of the appetizers, due to the seaweed's smoky taste and crunchy texture.I won't list out all the rolls we had, but I'll include the notable ones:Special Tuna SpecialViperDragonUnagiDanteTheir special rolls were amazing, so I'd recommend sticking with those. Their regular rolls are definitely better quality than most places, but not by much. I'd avoid their nigiri, just because it's very rice-heavy, which will fill you up.So all of this came out to be $35/person, which isn't bad.However, I'd recommend that if you're not looking to gorge yourself, just come here and order 1-2 rolls of something you know you want. That way, you won't feel like you have to eat more than you should, and you can get what you want at a budget. Because honestly, their rolls aren't very expensive just by themselves. I'll probably be back at another time just to try more of their menu, so if you ever see me, come say hi!
<review# 781,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/25/2013,9/16/2013,15,92,1,4,4>Oh, yes.Little pillow plops of delicious. I love the combination of spices. I've been twice now to get more of the potato ones, and each time they were great.The people behind the counter: friendly, on top of things, and great.The only thing is maybe the ambiance? It feels a little open/sparse. But, whatev, because of the food!
<review# 782,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/1/2013,9/15/2013,19,100,2,3,3>Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes. Yes.I tried the Silk Scorpion (which is a good beer, just not the sort of flavor profile I was looking for at that moment of time), the Block Party, and the Undercover. I wish I had ordered the Undercover as my first beer because I'd have stuck with that. The Block Party was good, but the undercover was just that much better. They are doing something right out there in the middle of nowhere/east side. I hope they start distributing more around the area, as I don't like to have to haul myself many miles across town for a tasty beer. The interior gives the feel of a warehouse with high ceilings; there is some interesting art on the walls too. Some of the walls are still which gives it an odd industrial feel but I am sure with time they will find something to fill the vast space with. Friendly bartenders. Very clean. I will be back.
<review# 783,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/10/2013,9/14/2013,87,148,,4,2>My husband and I returned to Imperial Garden for dinner with our children. We were there on a Friday night. There was a bit of a wait (about 20 min), but nothing out of the ordinary for a Friday night around 5:30 pm. We had another great experience. We found IG family friendly and able to accommodate our two children without disturbing any other guests. Our five year old loved the experience and the food as well. And as parents know, if your children are happy, you are happy. We ordered the (very affordable I might add) lo mein for our daughter. It was good and there were plenty of leftovers between the lo mein and the two entrees we ordered.
<review# 784,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/18/2013,9/13/2013,57,84,2,3,2>Been here for lunch and dinner, and we preferred lunch. Service and food wise. The sushi tastes great; none really stand out or disappoint either.The grilled beef negimaki is probably one of my favorite appetizers. The steak is very tender and they use enough asparagus in a bunch to make it worth the $8. I'm not a huge fan of teriyaki, but it was very subtle so I didn't have to remove some of it off like I usually do.The grilled chicken breast entree tastes better with korean bbq sauce. We ordered this dish for lunch and for dinner. Lunch had better taste and presentation. Dinner had the sauce on the side and the vegetables weren't even sliced in the usual bite size pieces. It's really annoying to spend time slicing your own squash and bell peppers. Otherwise, it's still a great place and we like it enough to come back and make it one of our regular sushi spots.
<review# 785,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,9/16/2012,7,40,,2,2>When my friend told me we were going to a chinese restaurant called Ichiban, i assumed it was one of those dime a dozen chinese-japanese-generic asian buffets.   When she said it was the best chinese restaurant in town, I had a good laugh. But upon arriving, I was pleasantly surprised. We had the braised lamb which had all the right spices and boy was it tasty - this is no americanized chinese food. Upon leaving saw the hots - will have to come back to try one of those...
<review# 786,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,4/13/2011,9/15/2012,8,163,,1,1>We stopped in for late afternoon drinks, a plate of frites, and split the burger.  I was impressed from the moment we entered.  There was a chalkboard near the door which listed the names of the servers and bartenders for that shift.  That was a nice touch and I wondered why more places don't do something similar.  The bartender was friendly and attentive.  The beer was spot on and food was great.  Will definitely be back.
<review# 787,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/9/2012,9/14/2012,32,6,,5,3>I really am ashamed that I haven't reviewed Perennial sooner.  I've been coming here for about six months now (I've been practicing for around 7 years, consistently for 5), started with a 30-day groupon, and was immediately at home/peace here.  After the unexpected passing of my mother, Meg and her studio completely helped bring me back to life.  My favorite classes are vinyasa flow, power flow, and sunset aura flow.  And my favorite instructors to date are Meg, Laura (especially if you want a class that will help you improve or soothe specific phyiscal ailments/injuries), and Hally because she's just so damn spunky.Perennial keeps it interesting with essential oils, great/unobtrusive music, laughter, various events, and some of the most kind people I've ever encountered.  Not to mention their philanthropic efforts within the community with Seva Sunday......Argh!  JUST GO.  NOW.  GET ON YOUR MAT.
<review# 788,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,9/10/2012,9/13/2012,40,91,2,1,1>Great!I have sat down to eat at Tipsy Cow multiple times now. Always very pleased with the food and service.I have ordered everything from their original Tipsy burger to fish tacos. The food is always presented ina fashionable manner. They make everything look good enough to eat!All I can say is truffle fries!!!!!! In the mood for cheese curds, well i have found the place for you to get them!!!!!The cheese selection for their burgers was untouchable by other food joints around the capital. Tipsy cow is great! Enough said.
<review# 789,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/4/2012,9/12/2012,1,10,,3,1>This unassuming little establishment hiding in Sun Prairie likely has the best Pizza in the entire Madison area. We had two amazing pies: one with figs and goat cheese, the other with pepperoni, sausage, and bacon. Both were amazing! A large salad was easily enough for 2 (though we had 4 along, including 2 kids, and thus it was fine for us too). Even the bread was ridiculously good (but not free). Don't forget to look on the back of the menu as a number of the specialty pizzas are listed there as well. Clearly, if you are ever near Sun Prairie, this is THE place to go!
<review# 790,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/24/2012,9/11/2012,0,20,,2,1>My favorite lunch place (I happen to work in West Madison). The breads are the big draw here--an incredible range of beautiful, crusty choices, made daily. I don't eat a lot of carbs, but these are worth the occasional indulgence. _All_ of their sandwiches are excellent (served on various breads), as are the salads. Soups are just okay. They are open for breakfast through 6:00 PM, so get in early if you want take home dinner. All food items are fresh and light. I've never been to France, but if this is what real French food is like, I'm there. Oh yeah, the pastries are to die for. Panera is not bad, but if you want the real deal, go to La Baguette (soon).
<review# 791,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/10/2009,9/10/2012,42,26,,3,2>My girlfriend brought me here for a once-a-month reservations-only dinner.  It was a 6-course meal featuring garlic.  Each course had a tasty wine pairing.  I liked all the wines to one degree or another, but I liked the sweet white the most (I don't remember what it was called). Here is what we ate that evening:Garlic CroquettasThese were fried, garlicy and gooeyh, and very very tasty. This was my favorite part of the meal.Sformato of Garlic, Herb Salad and Garlic ChipsThis was a custard kind of like flan, with roasted garlic. The garlic chips were thinly sliced garlic fried up. I didn't even realize they were just garlic; I had thought they were garlic-flavored potato chips. They were really good.Sopa De Ajo, Chorizo and Poached EggThis was an interesting soup with meat and egg in it. It was really garlicy, and it was fun breaking up the poached egg and mixing it in.Ravioli of Garlic and Potato, Braised Spring OnionsI didn't taste the garlic as much in the ravioli, but it was still tasty. The spring onions were really good.Braised Grouper, Garlic Broth, AioliThe grouper and aioli were really good.  The aioli (made from garlic and olive oil) was hand-ground with a mortar and pestle. It was very tasty.Frutti di Bosci, Garlic Pastry CremeThis was a garlic shortbread with fruit and custard-like sauce. The garlic wasn't very strong at all, and it was a tasty dish. It also had lavender buds on it, which I really enjoyed.
<review# 792,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/2/2012,9/9/2012,29,25,2,2,3>Monty's Blue Plate and the Holy Grail of Corned Beef Hash. If I were to write nothing else, I think the previous sentence sums up my new found appreciation for the place. "Your mother was a hamster, and your father smelled of elderberries" will never be uttered to an employee of Monty's. The service was great, my coffee cup stayed full the entire meal, and the food was 'da bomb.' I'm eyeballing the Chorizo for my next visit, which will be sooner rather than later.
<review# 793,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/14/2012,9/8/2012,265,357,1,9,9>I am a proud Badger alumni and I have to pay homage to the university that helped shape me into the person I am today. UW-Madison is a gorgeous campus, peaceful, serene, and who can deny the beauty that is Bascom hill in the summertime?  I lived above Jamba Juice on State St. and every morning would walk to class down State, stop at a food cart in library mall, and trek up Bascom to classes.  Professors at UW-Madison are top notch.  They are all a student can ask for.  I never had a professor I didn't like, and they all taught me something valuable during my time as an undergrad.  I worked at College Library, and the Alumni Foundation, and had the fortune of having wonderful supervisors who knew my priority as a student was school, and gave me all the flexibility I needed in order to work and get good grades.  At College Library I was even allowed to come in and work between classes.  I could not have asked for a better job in college.  The intellectual and cultural atmosphere on this campus is top notch.  The best feeling in the world was walking into a coffee shop on State and hunkering down to study with an entire cafe filled with fellow students, and professors grading papers.  I spent plenty nights studying until 3am and sauntering into College Library to sleep on the 3rd floor until my exams at 9am.  This campus is so conducive to student life with two huge libraries and one open 24 hours for all of us late nighters.  I lived in College Library during finals.  The night life... well, any Badger knows just how crazy, amazing, fun the night life on campus is.  I will never forget Frida's, Casbah, Kimia Lounge, Mondays, Ginos, and so many more.  Let's face it, State Street itself is just one big party spot if one chooses to partake.  Badger football... Need I say more? Excellent outdoors activities, running trails, live bands on the terrace, socializing in the famous union terrace chairs, Union South, memorial library, and some of the best restaurants in the nation.A proud Badger,  indeed.
<review# 794,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/6/2012,9/7/2012,154,63,,3,1>I love bringing visitors to Graze! The wall-to-wall glass windows create a stunning view regardless of where you are sitting. The vibe is open and trendy, so it's a popular pick for special occasion dinners or drinks before a night out.The menu is full of fresh, locally-grown ingredients and the combinations are unique - where else in Madison can you find crawfish beignets, bibimbap, and fried chicken and waffle on the same (ever-evolving) menu?To start off, inquire about the seasonal punch. I've never been disappointed with this beverage, even though it changes nearly every time I visit. Favorite appetizers include the cheese curds, soft pretzel, and fries (this pick is made by the heavenly garlic aioli).For staple Graze dishes, try the Pub Burger, Graze Burger, or Moules Frites (mussels). The seasonally-inspired dishes often include a seafood option, tofu selection, and some type of gnocchi, garnished with vegetables and vinaigrettes.You also can't go wrong with any of the dessert options - Cookies and Milk, root beer float, or affogado (house-made custard in hot espresso) to name just a few sweet options.One thing to note: Graze does not take reservations, so plan to arrive early or at non-peak times for large groups. The staff are very accommodating and will take your number so you can walk around the Capitol/have a drink while you're waiting for a table.
<review# 795,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/21/2012,10/26/2012,225,125,2,9,4>The wife and I went to K Peppers for dinner this past week because we LOVE Korean food and live close to the restaurant. We were a little wary based on the size of the restaurant, but were happy to discover that, when it came to this restaurant, size didn't matter.We arrived a little later than normal dinner time, and had no wait to be seated. Our waitress was great, and our food was fantastic. We started with the Jjin Mandoo (steamed dumplings) -- yum! The wife had her usual chicken bibimbap in the hot stone bowl, and absolutely loved it. I ordered my usual bulgogi, and absolutely LOVED it. It is, by far, the best bibimbap I've had in several years, across several restaurants in several states.The wife and I will definitely be back for more fantastic food!
<review# 796,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/22/2012,10/25/2012,10,47,,2,1>My husband and I absolutely just love Tornado! We have been here several times and it just keeps getting better. We took another couple with us this last time and they loved it just as much. The Atmosphere inside is cozy and warm, with dim lighting and wood paneling. Very nice for a romantic dinner or a celebration with friends. Friendly service in a relaxed environment!We started off with the Shrimp Cocktail and Oysters Rockefeller. Both very delicious! We all had the wedge salad and a bottle of wine. My husband had the 16 oz. New York Strip while the other two with us had the 28 oz. Ribeye on the Bone and 8 oz. Filet. All 3 said it was cooked to perfection and melted in their mouth. I had the boiled shrimp which was excellent! Both the guys had the hash browns which was enough for all four of us! We finished off dinner with a coffee while making plans for the next time we would return.
<review# 797,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,10/24/2012,49,113,1,6,4>The folks at Pizza Brutta CARE....  and CARING is what it's all about right? Caring makes good pizza, good business, good vibes, good town. Ask, "Do these people give a S**T?"At Pizza Brutta, YES they do- an 800 degree pizza oven, nice people taking your order behind the counter, fresh ingredients right there front and center being put on the pies as you order and nice guys bringing it out to you in about 2 minutes!  I hardly had time to take off my coat and get my water w/ lemon slice.800 degrees cooks that thin crust FAST and HOT! They make their own fresh Mozz!!I would put a touch more oregano in the red sauce but, hey, that's me.This is not the place to go if you want a huge pie to share with 4 others. All pies are about 12 inches and made to order. No slices for lunch.  I can't wait to go try the "white" pizzas. A salad at the next table looked yummy.Space is warm with wood tables and chairs and booths. Not fancy, just pleasing.Just fast, hot, fresh, delish thin crust pizza.  YAY for restaurants that care.
<review# 798,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/10/2012,10/23/2012,19,82,3,6,2>Now, I have to preface my review with my first impression of this place.  My neighbor went there one night at the end of a long night of drinking.  He fell asleep at the bar.  What does that have to do with the quality of this place?  Nothing.  This is just an attempt for me to make fun of him.My ideal bar is a place that is not loud, not full of pretentious people, full of dubstep music, or has 30,000 TVs.  Instead a place where you can relax and have a conversation with friends.  That is what Le Tigre Lounge is.  Filled with decorations of tigers, tiger stripes, and retro accents, this place is also dark enough that you could make out in the corner and nobody would probably notice.  The drink prices were reasonable but there is not a wide variety of beers on tap.  Overall a great place to hang out with your friends, be around non-pretentious people, and have a good time.
<review# 799,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/13/2012,10/22/2012,48,51,,6,2>This Upper Midwest bagel shop is a tempered version of what you'd get on Manhattan's Upper West side. Since NYC bagel shops are the gold standard and obvious benchmark for comparison, I figured I'd contrast the Gotham experience with what you'd get at one of the well-known shops in Manhattan (I live in Madison and travel to NY regularly for family and work).Menu: Caper cream cheese, lox, capicola, matzo ball soup... this place is authentic. A true NY bagel shop is going to be a little more like a deli with whitefish and other kosher items. That said, Gotham's menu is more complex and if you are just talking bagels it actually has a wider variety. There are several predefined egg sandwiches and lunch options. An espresso machine and fresh juices are available to wash things down.Food: Gotham's bagels are a little less chewy than most traditional NY bagels. They are also slightly smaller. That said, the bagels taste great and have a perfect consistency when toasted.The egg sandwiches are probably the default choice for someone looking to cure a hangover. They aren't bad, but they look more appealing on the menu than they actually taste. Cappicola, egg, and cheese sounds amazing, but the bagel is always a little too hard and the egg is cooked more than I'd like. This is on par with what I've had East of the Hudson river.The real staple here is a bagel with cream cheese. I have a couple regular choices: everything bagel with veggie cream cheese; onion bagel with caper cream cheese, lox, and tomato. The only difference and potential gripe is that a bagel shop in NY is going to give you a lot more cream cheese and lox. This isn't a bad thing since I usually end up scraping off a lot of extra cream cheese in that case, but I wouldn't mind getting a slightly heartier server than Gotham currently provides.Price: the bagels are pricey compared to what you might pay at a chain or grocery store, particularly in Madison. That said, a bagel with cream cheese and lox is $8 at Gotham, and roughly $13 at Tal Bagels in Manhattan.Service: most people working there seem like stereotypical New Yorkers, particularly the owner and the guys working the grill and bagel oven. This oddly feels MORE authentic than what you usually get in NYC, where Hispanics dominate the labor force in the food industry.The people working the counter are sort of rude without doing anything that is specifically rude. Perhaps it's just the lack of the smile or any attempt at smalltalk. I think they are playing into Midwestern perceptions of what service in NY is supposed to be like, even though it's not really in line with reality (at least for a bagel shop).There is a decent wait to get your food if it is even remotely busy. If Gotham bagels was located in Manhattan, this would be it's Achilles heel. As another reviewer noted, the orders are served sequentially, so even if you get something simple, they aren't going to touch it until they finish that order of 6 custom bagels for the coasties that were in line in front of you. This isn't Brueggers or Eintein's and you have to have that expectation going in or you are going to get very frustrated. Atmosphere: the dark wood tables and stools have a nice urban feel to them, and overall it's cleaner and nicer than most authentic delis or bagel shops that I've seen in NY. That said, the only real "character" here is from the images of subway stations and other NY landmarks on the wall. Some people might say that it's gimmicky to have pictures of another city up in a restaurant, but they could have gone a lot further with the whole NY theme and thankfully have kept it pretty low key.Conclusion: great location, best bagels I've had outside of New York, and a great breakfast/brunch for under $10. This is definitely worth a visit if you are looking for a solid way to start the day or recover from the day before.
<review# 800,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/12/2012,10/21/2012,32,103,,4,4>Oh god...chicken tikka....NOM NOM NOM.Their buffet is sooo good. The naan is warm and buttery. All of the dishes are hot and delicious. I recommend the chicken tikka, butter chicken, chicken 65, garlic grilled chicken, and tandoori chicken.
<review# 801,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,9/29/2012,10/20/2012,7,59,,2,1>We tried this place for fish and were not disappointed.  The people at the hostess stand are very friendly and attentive.  Nothing I hate more than being ignored when you arrive.  We had a reservation, and were actually a little late because of traffic, but got right in.  We had both the deep fried and the baked cod.  It comes with cheesy hashbrowns, that we were told are only prepared on Friday night.  A little disappointing that there is no option for a baked potato, but the hashbrowns are good.  The fish, baked and fried, was excellent. Creamy style coleslaw was also good.  Your meal arrives all on a nice plate, no plastic cup of coleslaw, which I appreciated.  It comes with a warmed roll, that appears to be already buttered on the top.  I would have preferred some butter rather than being served this way, but it was an OK roll. They have a huge patio outside where lots of people were enjoying the nice weather, and inside is warm and comfortably decorated. Bottom line, good fish, good service, enjoyable dinner.
<review# 802,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2011,10/19/2012,2,10,4,3,3>Best au jus roast beef sandwich I've ever had.  I've been there 4 times.. its the only place I go when I crave a roast beef sandwich.  Yes, it is a bit pricier than Arby's, but you have to account for the fact that Arby's sucks, and Full of Bull has delicious sandwiches that fill your belly with happiness and satisfaction.  The roast beef sandwich is loaded with flavorful beef, and comes with a side of tasty sauce for dipping.   Mmmmm.  The space is ridiculously huge, the cooks are friendly, the menu is inventive and the food is quality.  Even though they play weird PBS shows about clay making on the TV,  you can bet your ass I'll be back.P.S - If you're going to give a place 2 stars because parking is limited-- perhaps you should move out of down town Madison.  I thought we were reviewing the food and not how angry it makes you that you can't find a place to park your SUV.  Just saying.
<review# 803,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/8/2012,10/18/2012,165,312,,5,3>Wow. Forequarter is by far my favorite restaurant in Madison.I kept walking by with my dog, wondering what was going on in that small space, given that there's no exterior sign and no indication as to what it is. I finally googled the address and discovered the hidden gem that is Forequarter. I'm ashamed, but excited, to say that I went two nights in a row =) First night, on a Thursday, only had to wait about 10 minutes for a table at 7pm. Started off with a Martini while we waited. With the pickled ramp (had to google ramp =), it was delish! The designers of the space were smart when the constructed 6 inch shelves sticking out in the waiting area. Perfect to set a drink or a small plate.We ordered the grilled bread, which was fantastic, and the cheese plate special. The bread (very large portion served on a rectangular wooden board) was accompanied by a homemade pesto, which was delicious. Cheese came with pickled vegetables. After the bread and cheese, unfortunately, we were full so called it a night.Second trip on Friday (around the same time) had to wait around 20 minutes for a table, but again, had a drink while waiting. Ordered the bread again (amazing!), roasted corn, and roasted carrots. The roasted corn was a little spicy and came with a cilantro lime aioli...heavenly. The roasted carrots were tasty but could have been cooked a little longer. Overall, I LOVE Forequarter. Unique, high quality dishes. Reasonably priced. Busy but not too busy. I will return as soon as I can!
<review# 804,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,10/5/2012,10/17/2012,114,212,,5,1>My first time going to a restaurant on opening night--honestly, I was skeptical. I think we always need to afford a bit of leeway to these new places that don't have everything fully figured out. Working out the kinks in the first couple weeks? Yeah, you get a break.Anyways, I went to Roast with a couple of friends. It reminded me a bit of Taylor Gourmet in DC (which is an AMAZING chain, btw). You go to the line, order your sandwich, then sit down and wait for it to be delivered. At the recommendation of numerous staff members, I got the brisket with pickled onions and a horseradish aoili (my words, not theirs). The brisket was excellent! Cooked perfectly, complemented wonderfully by the pickled onions and slight spice from the mayo. I thought that is was a little skimpy for $8--it only came with kettle chips (not made locally). Next time, I'll sub in one of the sides--probably the sweet potato fries. Regardless, the sandwich was great. Local meat, bread, and produce...my kind of semi-hipstery type stuff.The bar, though? WELL, as a total beer snob, this is where Roast really shined. Founder Breakfast Stout on tap was an absolute stunner--this is an amazing beer you're likely to not find anywhere else. The beer guy who picked their taps asked if I had any recommendations, and I suggested some pumpkin brews--which I hope they take under consideration. Highly amenable and friendly staff and bowls of pretzels, M&Ms and candy corn (you read that right) only made this experience more positive. Would I go back to Roast? Definitely...even if not for food. It's so nice to have a great beer bar on State that knows what it's doing. Next time, though? Definitely getting the sweet potato fries. Two thumbs up, says me...pretending to be Ebert and Roeper.Update: Oh! The cool thing about Roast--they're doing the menu ALL NIGHT until they close. So basically--the entire thing is available until 2am. That is...awesome.
<review# 805,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,10/20/2013,6/13/2014,3,15,,7,4>I love Mother Fool's...As a barista myself, this IS my all-time favorite spot in Madison.  The Baristas here are consistently friendly.  -Despite the hipster atmosphere the Baritas don't act "cooler-than-you" than extremely helpful, friendly, and they earn their tips!As for the coffee, i honestly say i enjoy it the most out of anything.I always get a flavored Latte but once while talking to the barista he forgot to ask what flavor i wanted and made my latte plain,which was something i'd never get by choice.But it was awesome!  He had taken his time to steam the milk to perfection and i could take the quality of the espresso instead of the sugary syrup flavor i've been "enjoying" my whole espresso-drinking experience.  Don't even get me started on the food products.  All bakery items are vegan?!?!?! I'm in.  And they're never too-dry or stale.  They're delicious and nothing i can get anywhere else.I love that they partner with local bussinesses like The Green Owl Cafe and Ladonia Cafe.  Those are also, high quality eats, in my books.All in all, this place is DEFINITELY my cup of tea.  I'm a regular.
<review# 806,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/11/2014,6/12/2014,9,69,,6,6>This is a nice little gem nestled in a small town. I love that is sits on and overlooks the Wisconsin River. It is a cute order at the counter and have you food brought to your table cafe. They serve breakfast, lunch, and dinner. They also have a nice gelato selection! Everything i have tried here has been delicious. Our favorite part about this cafe is the tri-level outdoor seating they have that is nestled in some trees and has a view of the river. It is very peaceful to enjoy a coffee or your meal out there on a nice day.Definitely give this place a try! It will be worth your while.
<review# 807,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,11/22/2013,6/11/2014,87,148,1,5,2>Coming from Milwaukee, one of our go to family places was the zoo. I have to admit I was sad to leave Milwaukee zoo not knowing what the Madison zoo was going to be like, but I was wonderfully surprised. Here is a list of what I love about the Henry Vilas Zoo: - Its free! -Its is smaller then the Milwaukee zoo, but that means we can see everything in a morning, this is a plus in my book.  -There are great parks nearby, we hit up the zoo in the morning and the park in the afternoon and we have a a whole day outing! -It's free! -It's well kept -There are fun and affordable activities like the train and the carousal, both are only one dollar. -There are "rodents of unusual size" there - any Princess Bride Fans out there? My daughter doesn't get why my husband and I get so excited about these! And lastly - It's free! Parking can be a bit tricky, we always op for street parking a few blocks away. I highly recommend the Henry Vilas zoo for a day outing in the Madison area!
<review# 808,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,6/1/2014,6/10/2014,2,41,3,6,5>Once I entered to this restaurant I loved the ambiance; However, for some reason I would have loved it even more if they had like a second floor to dance. Call me crazy but I envisioned this place like that, it reminds me of a discotheque in San Antonio,Texas. My hubby and I liked this place so much that we have been there twice in a week :) the only reason I gave them 4 stars is because of their prices :]The first time I tried the hibachi chicken (it came with a fried rice volcanoe and sautéed zucchini with mushrooms and three pieces of shrimp), despite the huge amount of rice the dish has a nice balance of flavors. I liked the shrimp so much the second time we were there I had to order the hibachi shrimp instead, the texture is great, the perfect crunch in every bite. My hubby had some pork dumplings from the appetizer section and he liked them, he said they were tasty and tender. We also tried some sushi, the California roll and the shrimp tempura, both were good, especially the California one, what I liked the most of their sushi is that everything tasted fresh and you don't taste "the warmth of the hand"of the person who made them, I don't know if you understand what I mean, but that's the way I perceive it.They have a big square table in the middle where you can see how they make the sushi so I think this place could be the perfect place to have some cocktails and sushi with friends or your loved one. I can't wait to come back :)
<review# 809,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,5/18/2014,6/9/2014,73,144,,4,3>We happened upon this place unexpectedly while searching for a place to grab Easter brunch. We weren't looking for a big buffet or fancy meal, so we were happy to find out that Lazy Jane's was open.First thing I loved: it has a very homey atmosphere and is in an old house. Although I've heard it's hard to get a table during peak times, there is a lot of seating and even an upstairs dining room.As far as food options, they are endless. I was thrilled to grab a seitan scramble. You get to pick from a variety of bread (seriously, there's 7 or so options available each day) for your side, which is another added bonus. Veggie options, fresh bakery items, and friendly service made the ordering step a piece of cake. Disclaimer: I did not see cake as one of the fresh bakery items.Once we sat down and indulged on our breakfast, it was amazing. We all loved our food, although it wasn't fancy. My scrambled and potatoes was a bit above the level of greasy diner food, but really tasty overall.I wish they would be open for more than just breakfast and lunch, but they sure do a good job on those meals. I'll be back very soon!
<review# 810,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,1/26/2014,6/8/2014,126,534,,10,5>After reading the Isthmus review for their Sri Lankan curries, I made the trek out to the west side with some friends. The curries are indeed on the last page of their menu, hidden away a little bit. The rest of the menu is an odd mixture of "Southwestern" offerings (burritos, quesadillas, etc), Cajun food (gumbo, pulled pork), and pan-Asian food (stir-fry, teriyaki). I can't vouch for any of those other cuisines, since we all got curries, but let me tell you, the curry is where it's at. We all asked for our curries hot, and that was a pretty manageable level of spiciness (maybe not if you are a native Midwesterner). Among the four of us, we had the dhal curry, mixed vegetable curry (one of that night's specials), and the eggplant dish (do not remember what it was called, one was a curry and one was fried eggplants). The eggplant dish was a bit on the salty side, but the dhal (lentil) curry was really tasty. You can get brown or white rice on the side. One of the things I found odd about KJ's was the pricing for their curries. The chicken and potato curry was $14, and the potato curry was about $12. A little pricey, compared to the green bean curry ($8) and dhal curry ($7). Aside from that, the curries are definitely worth checking out, and they have a different special every weekend. Go get you some spice.
<review# 811,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,1/26/2014,6/7/2014,57,99,5,10,10>Come here for one thing and one thing only. Mini dumplings, the works, mixed. Be prepared to have new flavor and texture sensations. In between chewy bites of dough and beef with soupy squirts of meat broth, you'll have smooth and filling pockets of potato. Paul's Pel'meni are the ingenious late night alternative to pizza or donuts. It's a snack you'll go to sleep dreaming about and wake up wanting more of. Here is a commemorative haiku of my first visit: The curry warms, the Sriracha bites, cilantro brightens, sour cream.
<review# 812,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,12/1/2013,6/6/2014,16,93,,8,4>The newest addition to the Food Fight family...this little spot is a fresh urban diner in downtown Madison.  When we arrived it seemed bustling but we had a very short wait for a table and ended up in a booth.  The energy was great and service was prompt and cheery for breakfast!   We placed our order and our food was out quickly and was delish!We started with one of their housemade donuts (flavors change daily) in chocolate hazelnut and it was very "adult' and a great breakfast appetizer!  We then ordered the farmers hash which included brussel sprouts and sweet potatoes...a little off the beaten path but scrumptious!  We also tried their version of eggs benedict, which was outstanding!  A zesty hollandaise sauce laden with sun-dried tomatoes and topped with crisp prosciutto set this dish apart!  We also ordered a side of the aged cheddar grits topped with bacon and scallions and they were as fabulous as I was expecting...not too mushy and full of flavor.  As an added bonus they serve Collectivo (formerly Alterra) coffee and have raw sugar on the table in a shaker!Can't wait to go back and try their other dishes...a great spot if you're looking for breakfast / brunch in downtown Madison!
<review# 813,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,3/14/2014,6/5/2014,102,48,3,8,7>Madison no doubt has some of the best egg sandwiches out there. I'd only ever had McDonald's egg mcmuffin (a zillion years ago, mind you), so perhaps my expectations weren't all that high. But my oh my, Marigold Kitchen's egg sandwich is one of the best I've had since moving to Madison a year ago. Would of gotten five stars had the bacon been cooked a little longer.For a side I purchased potatoes, which I generally would douse in ketchup - but there was enough flavor where, dare I say it, my favorite condiment was not necessary. Tried the Peppermint Mocha with Soy. Not a fan. Boyfriend enjoyed the coffee, but wished there was more of a selection rather than just one Regular or Decaf carafe. The unlimited refills made up for his griping, though.
<review# 814,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/24/2014,6/4/2014,7,59,,5,3>I had a bad experience with Thai Basil when they first opened and have not been back since. I am really glad we gave them another chance!! We called in our order and it was ready when we arrived 15 minutes later. The place was quite busy with carryout orders, there is really no dine in space. The man tending the front counter was efficient and pleasant even with how busy they were. This was appreciated, since inefficiency was the reason for our initial bad experience. We ordered chicken pot stickers, spicy cashew nut with shrimp, and spicy fried rice with chicken, planning to share. The two entrees were really tasty, the potstickers were nothing exciting. Great heat on the food and portions were a good size.  The one disappointment was they did not include the rice that goes with the spicy cashew nut and we did not realize it until we got home. Since that was the case I gave up half my fried rice to my dining partner.  We both found ourselves wishing we had more food. Will definitely be back, but this time will check our order before leaving.
<review# 815,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/6/2013,9/2/2013,47,169,3,8,1>Just got back from my initial visit at Smart Dental with Dr. Sifri.  I feel like I just went to the Cadillac of dentists (DISCLAIMER:  I just moved from Chicago where my dentist was a Botox lipped lunatic whose goal was to sell me Invisalign...so it might not take much to impress me.)  Friendly, clean, modern, good magazines, nice view from my dentist chair.  My appointment involved a sit down meeting with the dentist?  What?  Dr. Sifri went trough my forms and asked me questions that let me know he was actually paying attention and had the best interests of my teeth and my wallet in mind.  The staff were very polite and everyone invited me to a cookout they are having later this month. My dentist is making me lunch on the 21st. What I appreciated most was how clear they were about everything-when I made an appointment, I received a call back from the office to confirm that I wouldn't need to pay a copay at my appointment.  I also made 2 other follow up appointments and I was told I would receive a call about the cost of those as well.  All other dentists I've been to play dumb about the cost and make me figure it out myself.  I have a good feeling about this place!
<review# 816,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/7/2013,9/1/2013,37,61,1,1,1>Overview: It is more than soap - it is about finding ways to make daily rituals relaxing, revitalizing, and generally awesome. Hits: Amazingly helpful staff, a wide range of price points, custom products, and flexible hours (M-F 10-8,  Sat 10-6, Sun 11-5). Misses: Nothing. Literally. Never had a single bad experience. Hints:Take advantage of their online options and bulk buying discounts.
<review# 817,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/21/2013,8/31/2013,9,50,2,8,4>Legit Italian food as come to Madison. This head chef is direct-from-Sicily (with the accent to prove it) and stopped by our table several times to see how we enjoyed our experience. I eat out a lot (A LOT), and here's what I think:-Naples 15 has some of the best, most authentic Italian food in Madison. This is real deal Italian. We ordered the cheese appetizer, as well as an eggplant ragu appetizer. Both were comforting and exploded with fresh flavor-Pizzas: Generous and hearty. Loved them. Crust has struck the perfect balance--it's soft and chewy but not soggy; lightly blistered, but not burned. -Menu: TONS of options. Actually, I found it a little overwhelming and think the restaurant would do well to cut back and focus more on its pizzas, pastas, and apps, but if you love a wide range, you'll appreciate it.-Pricing: I think the restaurant is too pricey for the area it's in (near the square but not on a main walk way and surrounded mostly by housing), but I don't by any means think it's not WORTH the price; just know that if you order anything besides a pizza, your bill can climb quickly. Grab a pizza for a casual night, or drop $70 for two to have a more "fine dining" experience-Atmosphere: A bit quirky with the Christmas lights, but I loved all the charming pictures of Italy and quotes, as well as the fireplace. They've done a lot with the space, and I think it would be great for either a group of friends or a romantic date.-Service: Exceptional!VERDICT: Come and check it out, for sure. Great wine list, amazing food--and you can splurge on a few apps and some of the more expensive entrees if you are in the mood, or just stick to the fab pizzas.
<review# 818,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2013,8/30/2013,126,534,1,17,6>Hey ya'll! There's a new restaurant on E. Wash and it's the first Venezuelan restaurant in Madison! Although Venezuelan cuisine bears some similarities to Mexican food, it's also distinctively different. Instead of salsa, they have a sauce called guasacaca, which I think is cilantro-based but tastes nothing like cilantro. It's slightly creamy and garlicky. They also have a spicy and really spicy version of that. Yucca is the potato of Latin America and you can order yucca fries under appetizers. I ordered the 3 taco plate (which is really just 3 tacos, for $5.99). One shredded chicken, one shredded beef, and one pernil (roast pork). Unfortunately, I got them to go and could not determine which was which, but two of them were good and one of them was excellent.After conferring with my bf, who ate half of them, we have come to the conclusion that it was probably the pernil that was the best. The tacos came on double corn tortillas which were soft and tasted fresh, and were topped with cilantro and chopped onion, Mexico City style. They also offer freshly made tamarind and passion fruit juice (freshly squeezed, yo). And sugarcane lemonade. Do it. We may have to return to conduct a more thorough investigation of their menu. They have some lunch specials on Mon-Fri, 11-2pm which look like pretty good deals (see menu on website). There are some empanadas and arepas (kind of like savory turnovers).If you are into spicy food, you'll love their guasacaca. If you're not into spicy foods, they've got stuff here for you too. Get over to La Taguara ASAP!
<review# 819,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/21/2013,8/29/2013,1,16,2,3,3>Authentic German food, pleasant and relaxing atmosphere, live music, varied selection of light/med/dark beers. Excellent choice!This restaurant was recommended to me by a nice lady at the Tanger Outlets in Wisconsin Dells. My husband and I enjoy good German food and Essen Haus fits the bill!I highly recommend: meat and cheese plate, kartoffelpuffers (potato pancakes), Deutsch platter, Munich platter, and the German chocolate cake. All were so delicious. My husbands family is German, so we had a good point of reference. Staff was friendly, knowledgable, and attentive. Can't wait to come back!
<review# 820,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/30/2013,8/28/2013,79,313,,5,4>Badger Prairie County Park is a quick 15-20 minute drive from Madison and offers nice trails to walk the dogs through prairie areas.  It also has an off-leash area as well.Note: The Yelp site map seems to be pinpointing the park on the wrong side of Hwy 151.  If you're coming from Madison you should exit Hwy 151 in Verona at Business 151 and take a quick right.  You then will turn into a drive that appears like you're going to the Badger Prairie Health Center but just go past that and you'll enter the park.We first checked out the "mountain biking" trail head that departs from the first parking lot, next to the off-leash area.  This trail goes through a wee bit of prairie and then into woods briefly.  I wasn't wild about this trail because it borders a rather busy road so you hear a bit of traffic as you're walking which I find counter-intuitive to what I'm looking for.  There is a second parking lot, about 1/2 a mile past the first, and this seems like a better point to start from.  The prairie is nicer here, longer grass, more wildflowers, less traffic nearby.  The off-leash dog park is sizable and well-maintained.  It was moderately busy at 6pm on a Tuesday; you can see the trails and grassy areas in the posted photos.  All in all, another great option.  I probably like the Lake Farm park a bit better if I had to choose between the two simply because it seems more "in the middle of nowhere".  However, Badger Prairie has a number of paved trails lacing through it that seemed to be popular with inline skaters and bikers.  There also is another access point off of McKee Rd that I will need to investigate!
<review# 821,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,5/27/2013,8/27/2013,47,33,5,8,5>Merchant is where I go to hobnob. The atmosphere is dark with a smidge of swank and the drinks are on point with a smidge of expensive. They often boast solid live music on Thursdays and DJs for grooving late nights Friday and Saturday.Do I giggle when bartenders refer to themselves as "mixologists"? Yes. Will I refer to them as such with a straight face in order to get my hands on a Jack Rose (aka my favorite cocktail in town)? Of course. And I knock off a star because the Jack Rose is only made available when their house-made grenadine is in stock. I'll bring in my own store-bought grenadine if I have to. Girl's not too proud to lug syrup around in her purse.Most recently ordered their brat sliders and get.outta.town. Delicious. Next up, I've got my eye on their late night brunch menu. Brunch...10PM-1:30AM...that's my kind of crazy.
<review# 822,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/19/2013,8/26/2013,69,24,1,5,3>I can't believe I have not been to the Tempest.  They've been open quite awhile but to tell the truth I had forgotten that the former business was no longer there.  You can tell I pay attention to downtown restaurant changes.  Well that is why I like to take advantage of Restaurant Week, which is what we did summer 2013.  We chose Tempest.  We ordered the Blue Marlin and the Salmon and both were delicious.  Hated to see the bottom of my plate.  The presentation was great very nice.  The bar has changed and they have a big boat in the lounge area.  We sat in the dining room however it looks like they have a decent sized outdoor seating area.  The deserts were scrumptious.  I ordered some raw oysters and really liked them.  We were told they came in fresh the same day and they sure tasted like they did.  The happy hour looks very tempting for oyster pricing and other fun specials.  The bar is fun and has been rearranged.  Give it a go if you like dining from the sea.  We did not participate in the fun drinks because it was a "school" night but looked like there were some fun choices.
<review# 823,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/20/2013,8/25/2013,21,24,3,5,4>Gates & Brovi is home to the best cheese curds in Madison. There, I said it. FIGHTIN' WORDS. Come at me, bro.Everyone has their favorite place...but I would literally crawl to G & B for their battered curds. They're crispy and not soggy...how a real cheese curd should be. I have enjoyed everything I've ordered. This place is amazing----I love the vibe, the food selection, and the craft cocktails.  Parking in this area is the only draw back. They have suggestions on their website, so I would plan ahead. It's an awesome option for those on bike----would be awesome if G & B invested in some established bike parking (I have yet to find a bike rack nearby...?)Whether you're local or visiting....don't miss this place.
<review# 824,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,8/20/2013,8/24/2013,102,48,2,5,5>Just came home from dining at the Orient House and I have quite a few positives to share:Friendly staff - at least the hostess. She was very sweet and patient all the while being extremely busy.Food was priced very well. I got a combination meal which includes an entree, fried rice, and an egg roll, for $7.55 I believe. There was a large portion of fried rice, which, if I might add, is quite scrumptious. The egg roll is an average everyday egg roll, but still tasty. The entree was portioned fairly well, also. On top of my combination meal, my date and I ordered an appetizer of crab rangoon. We were served 8 rangoon's with sweet & sour sauce, and they were so good, although I would prefer they had more filling. My date ordered the Egg Drop soup and that was one of the highlights of the night. I kind of snuck in more than a few slurps. Oops, couldn't help it. It was delicious.To continue with the final price of this meal is something else. In total we purchased 2 combination meals, a bowl of egg drop soup, hot tea for one, and a crab rangoon appetizer for $23. Not bad, I'd say.Also, a plus for this restaurant is there is a small parking lot specifically for customers, so if you drive in and the street is full, you're not screwed. I think I will definitely be coming back for more.
<review# 825,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/4/2012,8/15/2012,15,31,2,8,2>ATMOSPHERE:  Very warm and inviting, with a sort of "cobbled together" look with lots of wood, some taxodermy (including a giant black bear) and dimmed lighting.  I'd say this is a great place for a date but if they are busy, don't expect a quiet conversation.DRINKS:  Decent prices with beers ranging from $4.50-6, wine $6-9, mixed drinks $6-9.  We had a cup of their Riesling for $8 and I have to tell you that it was probably the best Riesling I've ever had.  The pours are also very generous, which I can appreciate.  They serve Death's Door, which is always amazing, I suggest you try it.*food*PRICE: $6-19, not bad with vegetarian/cheese plates being in the lower range and meats hanging around the $12 range, the most expensive $19 was a half chicken but it is, afterall, a half chicken.PORTIONS:  My partner and I each got one plate and while it wouldn't be enough to fill us up, we were able to share everything and we both got to taste everything several times.  This is great, as some places you get one or two pieces of meat and that's it, one bite, then you're done if you're sharing (no fun).PRESENTATION: Most dishes are served on a cutting board, which is very fitting with the decor while others are served on nicely trimmed china.  You're served with a side plate to place food bits on which is great for sharing meals.  The plates are arranged well with many colors to be visually appealing. TASTE:  The balance is great, if you like pickled items.  Most plates have a main focus point of protein of either cheese or meat and then either a salad or pickled array with a sauce of some sort.  We had the special of the day, lamb copa, which is similar to prosciutto, served with mustard, crostini, and pickled items including daikon radish and Lion's head mushrooms, and the roasted carrot dish.  They should not include the carrot tops but do, so you have to cut the tops off, which is annoying. The overall taste of the two dishes was totally worth the price.SERVICE: It's pretty good, the waitstaff is patience and very laid back.  You won't get interrupted here at all.  Great date place, always fill up your water/drinks.SUGGESTIONS;  The only improvement I would make would be to have a pairing for drinks with the meals because they are very interesting and unique.  I'd love to know what to drink with these meals and for how "foodie" it is, this should come standard.LOVED IT! =)
<review# 826,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,8/6/2012,8/14/2012,35,4,,7,2>I love this place!  I have been to many other spas/salons and this is the best!  1. They do a great job.  I generally see Megan, and she is awesome.  However, once she had to miss my appointment, so I saw Maryna instead.  She was just as great!  2. Super affordable.  Salon/spas are probably 15-25% more expensive than Velvet.3.  Service is great.  Megan will do her best to squeeze me in or move my appointment if I need to.  They value their clients and are super accomodating!4. The studio itself is adorable!  Super chic and fun.  I wish I could move in!  I recommend Velvet to anyone in Madison looking for a good waxing experience, you won't be disappointed!
<review# 827,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,3/1/2012,8/13/2012,49,113,2,7,5>So finally the space bar problem drove me crazy enough that I needed to get it fixed. Hopped on the phone, Nate ordered the new keyboard, called me in a couple of days and fixed it in one hour while I ran another errand. and THEN!!!As I was leaving he said,-- wait for it-- "Thanks for your business!"  "You're welcome!" I replied. When was the last time anyone said that to you?????? really?How GREAT!!Nate- THANK YOU for fixing my computer!! You are awesome!!
<review# 828,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/31/2012,8/12/2012,140,255,2,7,4>You haven't eaten here yet? Seriously? Why not?I'm trying to save my five stars for truly supernatural experiences but La Mestiza comes close. I may even upgrade after another visit.This is some of the most delicious Mexican food I've ever had. Fresh ingredients, well seasoned with everything cooked to just the perfect consistency and texture. Featuring some less common menu items, beyond your enchiladas and your fajitas: they've got cactus on the menu; chilaquiles; queso fundido; rabbit; and cotija cheese that, while it's becoming more common, is still strangely missing from many Mexican restaurants.I had the veggie enchiladas with pumpkin-seed mole sauce. ¡Delicioso! We split the guacamole (fresh, yummy, and served in a nifty cold-stone dish). They have Pacifico on tap so I snagged one of those too.Our server did this odd thing where he would hover, decide he didn't want to interrupt our conversation, and then turn around and walk away just as we were ready to give him our attention. But we weren't in a hurry, so it was more endearing than anything else.Really happy this place is just down the road from me. I am quite sure I will be back.
<review# 829,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,2/15/2012,8/11/2012,19,87,2,4,3>AMAZING steakhouse! I lived in Madison for a year and a half and had never heard of this place, but it is definitely the best steak I've had in town.The place has been around since before prohibition. In fact, behind the bar, they have a framed certificate that says the "This Establishment has been Closed Due to Violation of the National Prohibition Act" Pretty cool. It also has the original menu framed, from the early 1900's. So, very classic decor.The food was OUTSTANDING! We had BBQ Bacon Wrapped Prawns as an appetizer and their Crab Bisque is right up there with the best I've ever had! My steak was also cooked to perfection. We had an amazing experience, intend to go back and would recommend it to anyone looking for a great steak in a great atmosphere.
<review# 830,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,6/24/2012,8/10/2012,24,67,3,4,3>These are the best cupcakes in or around Madison. It's a locally owned shop that goes out of its way to have a large selection made with local ingredients. I'm never disappointed when I visit. I've tried at least 18 different kinds of their cupcakes. Not sure what my favorites would be, but I love the Wedding Cake, Carrot Cake, Almond Blueberry, Margarita and many more!
<review# 831,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/1/2012,8/9/2012,144,187,2,5,2>On a Saturday evening my 4 dining companions and I made a visit (first time my myself) to the Old Fashioned at 5pm. The place was not too busy yet but a decent crowed had begun to make its way in by this time. We were seated upstairs where its a bit more quiet. I was not aware they had an upstairs until this visit. Our waiter was very informative and knowledgeable of the menu items and the preparation of the foods and sauces, and the way several drinks were made and how they taste. The others in my group all got either  beer or an Old Fashioned of their choosing, I passed on drinks to save room for what I had been reading reviews on over the past week. Yelp gave the menu overwhelming positive reviews across the board so I was pretty sure I was going to have an easy time finding something both filling, tasty and affordable on this visit. Lets take a quick walk through this visit so prep your senses for some teasing because that's just what your in for!My appetizer was the soup of the day($3). I got the bowl sized serving of spicy black bean and pork with corn. This was a beef broth based soup with a slight peppery note to it. The pork was shaved and very tasty. The black beans could have been cooked a little bit softer but a great soup none the less.My main course was the No 30. Old Fashioned House Burger. ($9.95) A 6 oz burger (ordered mine medium) with fried onions, hickory smoked bacon, aged cheddar, garlic sauce, a soft cooked egg and a buttered, toasted roll. I upgraded my side item to the very highly recommended (yelp) beer battered cheese curds ($3 extra). The burger was absolutely phenomenal! Messy but not like sloppy-joe messy, simply so much substance to the burger that it becomes hard to handle. But worth it of course! My only comment here is that my burger was cooked well done (I checked after a couple bites in) vs the medium I had asked for. Outside of that, a hit for sure! The cheese curds were so good I could feel myself becoming more and more connected with all things Wisconsin on every bite I took I swear! Like small peaces of golden softness that melted in your mouth. The nice part about them is that they use a very light and thin breading leaving mostly pure Wisconsin cheese to hit your pallet! These are a must if you have not had cheese curds before or have not had them in a long time (such as my case).If that was not enough read on.....I did go and ask to see a dessert menu (the only one in my party with room to dare ask for more). The waiter told me that the Fruit Crisp with Vanilla Spice Ice Cream ($4.95) was currently stawberry-rhubarb. That sold me right there! The ice cream was spiced with cinnamon and was good but not amazing. I was expecting a cold ice cream topping with a warm pie underneath and perhaps a crust at the bottom. Instead the fruit portion of the pie was also cold as well. Not a bad thing just not the contrast I expected. Nor did I find the crusty top or bottom I would have liked either but still, a very sweet, fruity and satisfying end to a great meal indeed!My bill which came to just under $24 was a fair price to pay for the portions, quality and service my group and I received on this visit. I will be looking to make a return to The Old Fashioned soon to try several of their other burger listing but also to try what looks to be (and has been reviewed as) a fantastic brunch menu which for this food blogger always gets my attention!
<review# 832,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/26/2012,8/8/2012,6,77,,5,3>Some friends and I went here for restaurant week and it was fabulous!!!  Loved the atmosphere, it feels just like being in NOLA.  The food had a great cajun spicy kick and was served perfectly!!!  I had the cajun cheese curds which were amazing, I'm going to say the best in Madison!!! They have Purple Haze on tap which is one of my favorite beers!!! I will definitely go back!
<review# 833,isUSA=TRUE,4.0,7/23/2012,8/7/2012,286,123,4,3,4>We decided to come to the union terrace on a Saturday to get a great seat and settle in with a pitcher of beer at about 6pm.  The seating was about 3/4 full, but we managed to get a great seat overlooking the water.  There were already rowdy crowds of college kids rampaging around, but you gotta love 'em.We started by getting a pizza and taking it out with us.  It was definitely "student food" tasting like a normal frozen pizza we would make at home.  However, the beer was excellent.  As the sun set and the pitchers kept flowing, the scene really filled up.  At about 9:30pm a band started to play and a crowd formed dancing by the stage.  This was a great place to be if you like drinking (me), relaxing by the water (me), and watching people dance well and not-so-well (double me).
<review# 834,isUSA=TRUE,5.0,7/24/2012,8/6/2012,10,15,4,8,4>If you're looking for a great plate of food in Madison for under $10, you just aren't going to do any better than Mediterranean Cafe. I believe it's run by a father/son from Algeria, so it's more Middle-Eastern-focused, but none of the food is really that foreign/adventurous, just solid, typical Arabic-style mediterranean food. It's unassuming from the outside (and pretty cramped on the inside), but the food is always superb.I typically get the lamb shawarma plate, which comes with lamb, hummus, mixed greens salad and pita bread. The hummus is awesome, and the creaminess is really great in contrast with the vinegar-based salad dressing, which is great as well. The lamb and pita bread are pretty standard, but definitely solid. In my opinion, though, the real star of MedCaf is the deliciously-minty Algerian tea. I'm by no means a tea connoisseur, but trust me: You'll wish you could make it at home. As I said, it can get cramped inside, but if you can get a seat, there's very little wait time. It's a great ethnic interior, with flags adorning the walls. The staff always thanks you when you leave, which, though it doesn't seem like a big deal, is really a nice touch. I do wish it was open more often, but it kind of adds to the exclusivity of the place. A really great eating experience overall, and like I said, for under $10, with an entree and the amazing tea.One last thing: This is a cash-only place, so don't be a n00b and come in without any dough.
